BDSM Library - Jillian's Tale




Jillian's Tale
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A willing slave seeks mistress and wants to be used and humilated. Is she qualified?
Jillian's Tale

by: Dr. Phil

The following story was written by an adult, for other adults 
to share and enjoy. If you are under 18 years of age, or do not enjoy reading 
sexually graphic stories, please stop here and do not continue reading.

Author's note:
 I would like to apologize in advance to anybody who 
  may feel that parts of the following story may be racist. I assure you that 
  it was not meant to be, but was required for the accurate telling of the story. 

 About a year ago a woman, whose self-description matched 
  Jillian's, began leaving messages on Compuserve describing in great detail the 
  lifestyle that she had fantasized living for years. She announced that after 
  much consideration she had decided to actually live it and advertised for an 
  "appropriate" Mistress. After several weeks of advertising, a young woman responded 
  to her who said she "fit the bill" and ordered her to leave her more specific 
  information via private mail. Neither woman ever posted another message. I assume 
  she found her Mistress. For a long time afterward I thought of her and tried 
  to imagine her in her new lifestyle.
 The fantasy which she described became the basis for the following story.
  I hope you like it... - 



Jillian's Tale
Part 1 The Secret

&lt;Cough!&gt; &lt;Hack!&gt; 

"Really, Jillian. You ought to give up that
nasty habit. Those cigarettes will be the death
of you."

"I know, Louise. As a matter of fact I've
actually made an appointment this afternoon with
that hypnotist you told me about. This time I'm
going to kick the habit for good."

"Oh marvelous, dear! I've never actually been
to see him myself, you understand. I just know
him socially and thought I'd pass his name on to
you, since he does specialize in helping people
to kick the habit. Honestly, I don't really know
if I'd be brave enough to let anybody put me
`under'. Frankly I'd be a little scared that he
might tell me to rob a bank or something."

"Nonsense! A hypnotist can't make you do
something you don't want to do. He can only
reinforce your own desires to do something.
Now I suppose if deep inside you really WANTED to
rob a bank..."

"Heavens no!" The older woman giggled.

She was visiting at the home of her friend
Jillian. Both of their husbands were
vice-presidents at a Fortune 500 company based in
Greenwich, Connecticut. Jillian was 35 years old.
She was a natural blonde and her figure was still
quite good, thanks to her hours of aerobics and
tennis lessons. Her husband, Frank, was seven
years older than her and he'd spoiled her ever
since they were married twelve years ago.

Louise and Jillian had met at several company
functions and managed to strike up a friendship,
even though their husbands were well known to be
almost constantly at odds with each other in the
boardroom. Jillian welcomed the companionship of
the older woman, as it gave her status a boost
and helped legitimize her standing in the
community as an important person.

Her standing in the community was very
important to Jillian because she was constantly
trying to shed her middle-class roots and be
accepted in the snooty circles in which she now
travelled. Jillian was very much driven by pride,
and her quest for status often caused her to be
insensitive and actually derisive of women whom
she felt were now socially beneath her.

They finished their tea and Louise eventually
made her goodbye's and returned home. Jillian saw
that she had a couple more hours until her
appointment with the hypnotist so she decided to
take a leisurely bath before getting ready. She
hadn't told Frank about the appointment, partly
because she wanted to surprise him (he'd been
chiding her about quitting ever since they
were married) and also because she didn't want to
divulge that she had got the appointment through
Louise. Frank tolerated her friendship with
Louise, but it was clear he wasn't thrilled by
it. Still, as usual, he indulged her by never
commenting negatively to her about it.

Jillian walked upstairs to her bedroom. There
was a beautiful bathroom adjoining the master
bedroom with a sunken Jacuzzi tub. She turned it
on and set the temperature to the maximum she
felt she could tolerate, then went back into the
bedroom to remove her clothes. She kicked off her
shoes and stripped out of her blouse and skirt.

This left her in a bra, panties, black
lace garterbelt, and hose. Jillian didn't like
pantyhose. She preferred the lustful feel of the
garterbelt and the way the clips held the sheer
hose at the tops of her thighs. She slipped her
shoes back on and then stood in front of her full
length mirror. She couldn't help admire her form.
She gazed at her reflection as she unclipped and
removed her bra. Her hands moved to her nipples
and she began massaging them. The massaging
quickly turned into twisting and pulling and a
small moan escaped her lips. She lowered her
hands to the waistband of her French cut panties
and slowly lowered them to her ankles.

She slipped them off over her shoes and stood up
again in front of the mirror. Her right hand went
right to her pussy, with its short downy fleece
of blonde hair. Her thick pussy lips could be
seen right through the fine hairs. Without even
realizing it her left hand strayed back to her
left nipple. As she lightly rubbed a single
finger up and down her moistening slit, her left
hand resumed twisting her nipple.

Once again, a small moan escaped her lips, but
her finger rubbed against the nub of her clit as
she shuddered. Jillian slowly turned sideways and
bent just a bit to thrust her breast forward and
her ass backwards, like a fashion model. She
liked what she saw! All those hours of aerobics
were certainly worth the pain. Yes, the pain was
well worth it.

She turned a little more so that her back was
facing the mirror. Her bottom was still thrust
out and she now took both hands and began rubbing
and then squeezing her small ass. Each bun was
round and firm and her long fingers squeezed
harder and harder until it actually began to
hurt. Frank was one lucky man. She bent
over a little more so that her ass was now
pointing right at the mirror and gave herself a
little slap on her right asscheek. She rotated
her hips and moaned a bit louder, then suddenly,
as if coming to her senses, she stopped and stood
upright. She quickly glanced around the room to
reassure herself that she was alone. Of
course she was alone. She just felt suddenly
embarrassed and it showed in the flush of her
face and neck.

Jillian sat down on the end of the bed and
removed her hose and garter belt. She stood up
and walked slowly into the bathroom. Her
right bun still tingled just a bit from that one
slap and she realized that her pussy had got even
wetter.

"Nasty thoughts" she murmured softly to herself
and chuckled. "Nasty, Nasty! Let's save those
thoughts for some other time when I don't have an
appointment and can spend a little more time with
myself" she thought as she turned off the taps
and stepped into the hot water. She let the hot
water swallow her up and she luxuriated as the
tension was swept from her body. She lathered
herself up and then just laid there, letting the
minutes drift by as she indulged herself in
another fantasy.

She didn't intend to masturbate but her hand
found its way once again to her little nest
and shortly thereafter she was rubbing herself
furiously as the water sloshed slightly at the
surface. Finally she stiffened then sighed and
laid her head back down on the edge of the tub.
God, but she'd needed that! She soaked another
fifteen minutes then climbed out of the tub and
toweled herself dry. A half hour later she was
dressed and out the door, headed for her
appointment with the hypnotist.

When she arrived at the proper address she
found herself entering a tastefully furnished
waiting room with a receptionist's desk. The
desk was presently empty and there were no other
patients in the waiting room. She was trying to
decide what to do next when a distinguished
looking gentleman in a suit opened an adjoining
door and greeted her warmly.

"Mrs. Dudley?"

"Yes. I have an appointment for 3:00."

"Nice to meet you Mrs. Dudley. I'm Doctor
Kinder. I'm sorry but my secretary called in sick
today. Please join me in my office."

Jillian walked past the doctor and entered his
private office. Doctor Kinder looked about 50
years old with salt and pepper hair and a
well-trimmed beard and moustache. He had an
expensive dark suit on and wore silver-rimmed
glasses. He motioned her to a chair in front of
his desk and seated himself.

"First of all, Mrs. Dudley, I have to tell you
that I am not a medical doctor. I have a PhD in
Psychology and I assure you that I have been
successfully using hypnosis to help my patients
for many years."

"I understand, Doctor" Jillian smiled. "The
fact is that Louise Palmer referred you to me.
She said you'd be able to help me to quit
smoking. I've tried for years and have never
been able to stick with it. I'm normally very
active, with aerobics and tennis, and smoking is
just one nasty habit that I'd give almost
anything to break."

"Yes, yes. I understand. Louise Palmer... hmmm.
Yes, Louise and I have met on a number of
occasions. A delightful woman... Mrs.
Dudley, do you mind if I call you Jillian?"

"Please do."

"Thank you, Jillian. I want you to feel
comfortable with what we're going to do here. It
is essential that you understand the process and
are relaxed and receptive. What we're going to do
here is to reinforce your own desires to stop
smoking. It's a filthy disgusting habit and your
life will be far better after you've quit. This
process is nothing to be afraid of. It is a
little like sleeping and a little like
daydreaming. You will feel very relaxed and safe
here."

"Actually, I do feel pretty comfortable with
the whole process, Doctor."

"See! It's working already." The doctor
chuckled and smiled warmly. "This process will
probably require two sessions. Today I will put
you `under', as they say, and reinforce your own
already professed desires to stop smoking. I will
suggest, for example, that every time you get an
urge for a cigarette you will instead get a drink
of water. As the nicotine begins to be cleansed
from your bloodstream you will find that you will
be making fewer and fewer trips to the kitchen
sink.... and to the bathroom I might add!"

Jillian chuckled. She was definitely being put
at ease by his combination of professional
demeanor and good nature.

"After a week you will have to return for
another session. This will reinforce and
strengthen the original suggestion. For many
people that will be enough. For some others we
schedule additional follow-up sessions a month
apart for six months. After that you should be
well on your way to a life free from smoking."

"That sounds wonderful, Doctor. I'm anxious to
start."

"That's good, because we already have!"

Doctor Kinder reached behind him and turned a
dial on the wall. Immediately the room darkened.
Another switch focused a small dot of light right
on top of his polished wooden desk.

"Relax, Jillian. This is going to be a very
pleasant experience. I want you to look at the
light on my desk. Don't concentrate on it, just
relax and try to block out everything else in the
room except for that light and the sound of my
voice.... Let yourself relax.... Stare at the
light and think of yourself as a non-smoker."

"Imagine yourself on a beach, or on a sailboat.
Do you like sailboats, Jillian?"

"Yes, I do."

"Good. Look at the light and imagine yourself
laying back on a beautiful sailboat. There are no
clouds and you're covered with suntan lotion. The
sun is warm on your body. You feel better than
you've ever felt before. You haven't smoked a
cigarette in a year and it's such a pleasure to
be free of the habit You are relaxed. You're very
content...."

Doctor Kinder talked to Jillian in this manner
for a few minutes. It always took a little longer
when it was the first time. After this he would
be able to put her under much easier and quicker
for future session. Eventually he stopped talking
and just gazed at her. Her eyes were wide open
but she had a distant look. From his experience
Doctor Kinder knew she was under. He tested her
with a few commands then sat back and sighed.

"You can come in now, Louise."

"Are you sure she's under, Henry?"

"I'm positive, Louise. Come on in."

"Jillian, your friend Louise is here. Isn't
that nice?"

"Yes, doctor. That's nice."

"She doesn't SOUND like she's under. Are you
positive?"

"Yes, yes. I'm sure. You've only seen hypnosis
on television shows or in movies. People don't
really speak like robots when they're under.
Trust me."

"Jillian. I want you to take your shoes off and
put them under your chair.....good. Now, unbutton
your blouse and show your bosom to me and Louise.
There's nothing to be ashamed of. I'm a doctor
and Louise is another woman."

Jillian immediately unbuttoned her blouse from
her neck to her waist. She pulled her bra down
and displayed a perfect set of tits to the now
smiling doctor and his shocked friend.

"Oh my God! She really is under!" Louise put
her hands to her face then slowly lowered them
and smiled at the doctor.

"Excellent, Henry. Let's pump the stupid bitch
and see what she knows..."

"Jillian," the doctor said softly, casting a
warning glance at Louise, "Tell us about your
husband, Frank. We know he's been hiding
something and we're trying to help him. Surely
you know what that is. Does he have any special
secrets that might cause him to get in trouble,
or cause him a lot of embarrassment if it were
found out? Tell us, Jillian, so we can help him."

"No, Doctor. I don't know of anything that
could get him in trouble. He's always been an
honest man. He doesn't even cheat on his taxes."

Louise looked disappointed. Doctor Kinder
motioned for her to be patient, then he looked
back at Jillian and tried again.

"Surely there must be something, Jillian...
What about his sex life? Is it good? Do you
expect he ever cheats on you? Does he have
any fetishes?"

"No Doctor. He's always been good to me. Our
sex life is... okay, I guess. He doesn't do
anything exciting or unusual."

The doctor and Louise both looked flustered.
Surely there had to be an Achilles heel
somewhere. Something they could get to hold
over him. Something to put him out of the running
for the next Executive Vice President job and
thus practically ensure that Louise's husband
would get it.

"How about her, Henry? What's her secret? Maybe
we can find something there that we can use."

The doctor turned his attention back to
Jillian, who was still sitting there with her
blouse open and her bra pulled down. She seemed
very calm and relaxed.

"Jillian. You're still relaxed. You're among
friends and perfectly safe. We're trying to help
you. You mentioned that your husband doesn't do
anything `exciting'. That your sex life is okay.
What do you think about when you're having sex?
When you touch yourself and nobody else is
around, what do you think about?"

The doctor licked his lips slightly and leaned
forward. He made sure the tape recorder was on so
he wouldn't miss anything.

Jillian wet her own lips, and began to speak:

"When I touch myself I like to imagine that I'm
tied up and it's actually someone else's hands.
Usually a woman."

Louise stifled a gasp and gulped. She motioned
for the doctor to continue. This was more than
she'd expected.

"Go on, Jillian. How are you tied up and what
is being done to you."

"Lots of things. I'm usually naked. Sometimes
I'm tied but other times they won't tie me. They
want to do things to me and I have to stay still
or be punished."

"Who are `they', Jillian?"

My Mistresses. Sometimes there's only one of
them but usually there are three or four.
Sometimes there are a lot of them. They're
all young. Teenagers, but tough. And they're
Black. They laugh at me and make me do terrible
things to myself."

"Why do they do that, Jillian."

"Because they know I want it. That's the most
humiliating part. They know I want it and they
love giving it to me."

"Giving you what, Jillian? Go on..."

"The humiliation. That's the big turn-on. Here
I am, a successful woman. Thirty-five years old
and rich. I can have anything I want but what I
really want is for these young girls, this
`gang', to OWN me."

"You want them to own you?"

"Yes, that's right. They're tough and they're
mean. They're from the streets, see? And they own
me. I've become their slave. They've got
something on me, something so bad that I can't
say no to them. But I really don't want to say no
to them. I love it when they make me crawl on my
hands and knees. They slap my ass, sometimes
using their hands, sometimes using a belt. They
make me rub myself a lot while they laugh and
take pictures. They let some of their other
friends use me, too. There's no way I can get
out. They own me and they love to humiliate me.
I'm ashamed all the time, but I'm also turned
on.... They keep me hot all the time because they
can control me better that way. I do a lot of
begging and they seem to love that. They spank me
every day, and use me for their initiations of
new girls into the gang."

Jillian paused and the room was quiet. Doctor
Kinder and Louise just looked at each other in
shock. Louise had hoped to dig up some dirt on
either Jillian or Frank, but this was much more
than she bargained for. She stared at her
`friend' Jillian and suddenly she started to
smile. Maybe there was a way to use this to her
advantage.

"That's good for now, Henry. I've got an idea
but I'll need some time to set it up. Tell her
she has to come back in a week and we'll take it
from there."

Doctor Kinder sat there with an erection,
staring at the beautiful woman with the short
blonde hair who was sitting in his office with
her breasts exposed. Her story had certainly
aroused him.

"Thank you, Jillian. You've been most helpful.
You can cover yourself up now and put your shoes
back on."

At the doctor's signal Louise got up and
returned to her hiding place in the next room. As
Jillian was rebuttoning her blouse the doctor
continued:

"Jillian...

"Yes, Doctor".

"Jillian, I'm going to wake you up in a few
moments. You will remember NOTHING of our
conversation here this afternoon. Do you
understand?"

"Yes, Doctor."

"When you awake you will feel very relaxed and
refreshed, as if you had just had a lovely nap.
You will be full of energy and happy. You will
remember nothing of our conversation, but next
week you will very much want to come back to
continue our session."

"Yes, Doctor."

"One other thing, Jillian. You will not have
any desire to smoke cigarettes. The thought of
lighting one up will disgust you. The smell of
the smoke will make you nauseous. Whenever you
feel the urge to have a cigarette you will
instead have a glass of water. Now, wake up
Jillian."

Jillian blinked her eyes and smiled.

"Did you do it, Doctor? Is it over? I feel a
little funny, like I just slept but I don't
remember dreaming."

"Yes, it's over Jillian. It was that simple!
How do you feel?"

"Actually I feel wonderful, Doctor! It's worth
the visit just to go away feeling this good. May
I have a glass of water?"

"Certainly Jillian." Doctor Kinder poured her a
glass from the pitcher on his desk. As he handed
her the glass she looked at it, then up at him.

"Has it started, Doctor? Is this why I'm
suddenly thirsty?"

Doctor Kinder just smiled and chuckled. "We all
have our secrets, my dear. I'd like you to come
back in again next week. Is Wednesday at 3:00
good for you?"

"Fine Doctor. I'm looking forward to it! Thank
you ever so much."

"I too will look forward to our next session
Jillian. Good luck, and have a nice week."

Jillian got up and walked out of the office.
Doctor Kinder couldn't help but stare at her
lovely ass and long legs as they moved under her
skirt. He really couldn't wait till next week!"




Jillian's Tale
Part 2 The Trap is Sprung

During the next week Jillian drank at least 10
glasses of water a day. During that time there
had been a meeting at work where her husband,
Frank, and Louise's husband had actually shouted
at each other during a boardroom meeting. In
spite of the bad blood between their husbands,
Jillian was determined not to let it interfere
with her relationship with Louise. She needed the
older woman's approval and support to keep her
status in the community.

It was nice being recognized in fine restaurants
and stores and receiving deferential treatment.
It filled her with a snobbish pride to see
maitre-d's and store managers so eager to kiss up
to her! When she met with Louise for lunch on
Friday the older woman's attitude toward her
seemed somehow different. Almost like she was
amused with her.

"How did your session with Doctor Kinder go?"

"Oh, it was wonderful! You really ought to try
it Louise. If for nothing else than the relaxing
feeling when you leave his office. Honestly, it
was better than a full-body massage!"

Louise sipped her tea and continued looking
amused while Jillian raved about her experience.

"And I actually haven't even WANTED a cigarette
since I left hisoffice! I drink ten glasses of
water a day, but the running to the bathroom is
pretty good exercise too!"

"That's nice, Jillian. I'm so glad that I was
able to help. Will you see Doctor Kinder again?"

"Yes, I have another appointment on Wednesday
for a `refresher'. After that we'll see how it
goes."

"That's wonderful, dear. It will be so nice to
be finally free from that filthy habit. You'll
feel like a new person. I can hardly
wait to see the new you."

"Yes. I'm pretty excited too. Thank you so
much, Louise."

"My pleasure, Jillian."

In the meantime, Louise had been busy making
arrangements to set her plan in motion. She had a
LOT of contacts, and with her financial resources
she could arrange just about anything she could
conceive of. It's one thing to be rich and
powerful. It's another thing to know how to use
that wealth and power to get what you want.

The following Wednesday, Jillian was again
luxuriating in her bath before getting ready for
her next appointment. She felt terrific. She
hadn't had a cigarette in a week. Didn't even
want one! For some reason, she even felt hornier
than usual all week. Must have something to do
with the good feelings she had from not smoking.
She even felt randy enough to slap her ass three
times on each cheek before lowering herself into
her bubbling jacuzzi. She felt so worked up that
her fingers worked furiously at her pussy until
she managed to bring herself off. She laid back
again and rested for another fifteen minutes
while the warm water relaxed her completely.

She looked around at her beautiful bathroom.
The large shower with twin heads on each wall.
Her huge bedroom on the other side of the door.
She thought about her beautiful home, her
furnishings, her bank account, her new Lexus.
Only thirty-five and she had the world on a
string. Still, something seemed to be missing.
She knew what it was but pushed it back into the
darker corners of her mind. She preferred to
focus on the wonderful things she had.

An hour later she was again entering the
offices of Doctor Kinder. He was waiting for her
in his outer office.

"So nice to see you again, Jillian. It seems my
receptionist is out again today, but you are my
last appointment this afternoon. So, tell me how
your week went?"

"Oh Doctor Kinder. You're a miracle-worker. I
haven't felt this good in years. I can't wait to
get started again!"

"Wonderful! Let's not waste any time then.
Please come into my office and be seated. We'll
start right away."

After they were both seated he glanced at her
and smiled warmly. Louise had filled him in on
all the plans she had made. In spite of his calm
demeanor his blood was practically boiling at the
things she had told him! He was getting paid very
well for this treachery, but if he had known how
things would eventually work out he would have
happily done it for free!

"This session should be very easy going today.
Since you've already been under once we should
have little difficulty getting you under again.
You had a very good experience last time. You're
relaxed. You're happy. Just sit back and enjoy
it, Jillian!"

"Oh, thank you Doctor. You make me feel so
relaxed and comfortable."

Doctor Kinder again lowered the lights in the
room and turned on the tiny spotlight which was
over his desktop. He repeated his comforting
patter about being on a beautiful sailboat on a
warm summer day. Jillian smiled a little and in
short order was back under in a deep hypnotic
state.

"She's under, Louise. You can come out now."

Louise came in from the adjoining room and sat
down to the doctor's right. She was staring at
Jillian like a cat looking at a helpless bird.
Doctor Kinder had already started to get a mild
erection, and they hadn't even begun yet!

"She's in a deep hypnotic state, Louise. It's
not unusual for her to go under this quickly or
deeply the second time around. In her present
state she is very... susceptible."

"Excellent, Henry. You're a genius, and worth
every penny. Let's get to work on the little
slut..."

"How do you feel today, Jillian?"

"Fine, thank you."

"Jillian, I want you to remember everything you
told me last week when you were in my office. Do
you remember what you told me about your
fantasies?"

"Yes, Doctor."

"Good. We're going to try to help you with your
little problem. You have some desires that your
pride won't let you enjoy. That's not good,
Jillian, and it's not healthy either. I'm going
to help you break down the barriers you've set up
so you can be happy. You want to be happy, don't
you?"

"Yes, Doctor."

"Good. Now I want you to trust me completely. I
want you to believe that everything I do is for
your own good. I want you to do only the things
that, deep down inside, you really want to do.
The things that will make you a happier person."

"Thank you, Doctor."

Louise could barely stifle a snicker as she sat
and witnessed Jillian being slowly led right to
the slaughter. The slaughter that she herself had
prepared for her!

"Jillian. I want you to remove all of your
clothes. It's very hot in here and your clothes
are making you very uncomfortable. Remember, I'm
a doctor and there's absolutely nothing to be
ashamed of. Take them all off, Jillian. Take off
everything right now."

Doctor Kinder flipped the switch that would
turn the hidden video camera on. Louise had said
she wanted this all recorded for her own use. He
shifted in his seat in anticipation as he
watched Jillian stand up and very methodically
begin removing her clothes.

Off came her beautiful white cashmere top. She
pulled it off over her head and dropped it to the
floor. Next she unfastened her stylishly tight
black skirt. It fell to the floor and she stepped
out of it. She reached behind her back and
unhooked her white bra. As it fell off, her
titties pointed out straight and firm. The
nipples were pointed slightly upwards. Their
firmness at thirty- five years was a tribute to
her exercise classes and good dieting.

Louise continued staring at her like a hawk and
the doctor wet his lips with his tongue as
Jillian grabbed hold of her white panties and
matter-of-factly pulled them down her thighs.
She lifted one leg, and then the other, and then
dropped the panties onto the floor with her other
clothes. She was left standing with only her
white garters and sheer white stockings, and her
black 4" heels. Her pussy was completely exposed
to her enraptured audience.

"Wait a minute Jillian" the doctor interrupted.
This was not in the original script but he didn't
think that Louise would mind if he improvised a
little. He considered it one of his `perks'.

"That will do fine. I want to examine you.
Please turn around with your back facing me.
That's right. Now bend over at the waist and grab
onto your ankles. I need to see how flexible your
aerobics have made you."

Jillian bent over and grabbed onto her ankles
with ease. This brought her small tight ass
directly into prominence. The white garters
framed it beautifully and the skin was flawless
and tight. There were no tan lines. Doctor Kinder
moaned softly and a small shudder ran through him
as he sat there gazing at this offering. Louise
noticed his shudder and chuckled as she shook her
head slightly in amusement.

"Spread your legs a little more Jillian... A
little more... just a little more. That's good!"

He could now see her labia lips hanging there at
the vee of her crotch. Oh, how he wanted to touch
her there! To kiss her! She was really beautiful.
He and Louise sat and stared at her for a full
minute as she held the pose.

"Thank you, Jillian. Everything looks... ah...
fine to me. You have a beautiful bottom, Jillian.
Do you like showing it to people like this?"

"It's very embarrassing, Doctor."

"As well it should be, dear. It's okay now
because I'm a doctor and I'm examining you, but
it would be terribly embarrassing to you to let
anyone else see your bottom. As a matter of fact,
it would be more shameful than you could bear..."

"Yes, Doctor."

"But that's exactly what's going to happen,
Jillian. When you wake up you're going to feel an
overwhelming need to make your fantasy come true.
The fantasy about being owned. Remember,
Jillian?"

"Yes, Doctor."

"Your fantasy about being owned by teenage
girls. Black teenage girls, Jillian. They'll do
all the terrible things you told me about last
week and you will be very aroused by this. At the
same time that you feel unbearable shame, you
will also become sexually hot. It's good to make
your fantasy real, Jillian. You will be compelled
to become the sexual slave that you are in your
fantasies."

Louise was leaning forward now and holding her
breath. This was the telling moment. Would
Jillian accept the post-hypnotic suggestion or
would she reject it? Deep down inside she craved
it. The doctor was telling her that she was
compelled to live it when she awoke.

"Yes, Doctor. I will be their slave."

"When you wake up and leave this office you
will meet a young black girl. You will give
yourself to her and her friends. You will
become their property. You won't be able to
resist the compulsion. Search inside for your
darkest fantasies. You will crave that they
become reality. You will beg your Mistresses to
make them a reality. Even though you are shamed
to the core by these actions, you will not be
able to resist."

"I understand, Doctor."

"One final thing, Jillian. You will continue to
not want to smoke cigarettes. However, when you
begin to get a craving for one, instead of
wanting a glass of water you will now
crave cum. Female cum. Do you understand me,
Jillian? You will crave female cum, instead of
cigarettes. You will do ANYTHING to get some..."

"Yes, Doctor. I crave female cum."

Louise was nearly ecstatic. "I've GOT the
stupid little bitch! And that means I've got her
husband by the balls too! Henry, if this works,
I'm going to give you a REALLY big tip."

"It's going to work, Louise. I'm not telling
her to do anything she doesn't really want to do.
I'm just reinforcing it. Very strongly. I can
tell by looking at her and talking to her. It'll
work."

Louise grabbed Doctor Kinder by the head and
planted a kiss right on his forehead. "I'll
arrange for her to be brought back to you in
a week for `reinforcing'. After that she won't
need it.

"Jillian, get dressed now."

"Yes, Doctor." The blonde woman bent over and
picked up her clothes. She calmly put them back
on as the Doctor and Louise watched her in
fascination. When she was through she was told to
sit down in the chair. "Remember, Jillian. When
you wake you will be COMPELLED by your own body's
desires to make your fantasy come true. You will
not be able to resist. And you will crave female
cum. You'll be like a starving animal when you
get it. You won't be able to get enough."

"Now when you wake up you will remember none of
this. You will be rested and happy, and you'll
feel very horny. Even though you won't remember
our conversation you will obey all of my
instructions completely."

"Yes, Doctor."

Louise stood up and quickly walked back to the
adjoining room.

"Okay Jillian, wake up."

The fashionably dressed blonde blinked her eyes
and then smiled.

"It's like I blinked my eyes but I know
something has changed. Did you do it already?"

"Yes, I did. How do you feel?"

"I feel fabulous! Actually, well, nevermind..."
she giggled. "Is this it, doctor, or do I have to
come back."

"We may have you back in here for one more
session. We'll see how it works out."

"Doctor. I don't know how to thank you! I
already feel like a changed woman."

"It was my pleasure, Jillian. Honestly."

Jillian stood up, shook hands, and left the
office. Once again Doctor Kinder gazed lustfully
at her retreating backside and legs. He licked
his lips and wondered what she'd be like the next
time he saw her...

Jillian walked through the reception area. She
opened the door and let herself out. Just as she
turned to close the door a young black girl, who
looked barely eighteen years old, bumped into
her. Although it was obviously the young girl's
fault she seemed to get angry at Jillian.

"Watch where you're goin' lady!"

Jillian was taken by surprise. She started to
protest but as she looked at the black teenager
her legs suddenly went weak.

"I-I'm s-sorry" she managed to mumble.

"Sorry shit, lady. That was deliberate! You
think just cause you got some fine clothes that
you own the whole damn town! Well you don't!"

"I-I s-said I was s-sorry." Jillian suddenly
felt her hands trembling. She was consumed with
lust, and didn't know what to say.

"Don't you go dis'n me, you honky white ass
whore! I'll beat your ass, bitch! You hear me?"

Jillian was almost out of control now. Her
teeth were chattering lightly and she felt on the
verge of swooning. She slowly raised her eyes to
look at the defiant young girl who was yelling at
her.

"I-I know. I mean, yes. I was dis'n you. You
can do what you like with me." She mumbled the
last and immediately looked back down at the
floor.

The young black girl tried to remain fierce on
the outside, but inside she was jubilant! Her
name was Wanda and she was the leader of a girls'
street gang in the South Bronx. She had been
hired three days before by Louise and had been
standing in the hallway for a half hour waiting
for Jillian to come out. Louise located her
through her own channels and promised the girl
$10,000 to turn Jillian into the gang's white
slave slut.

Louise had played her a portion of Jillian's
tape recording from her session last week where
she described the fantasies she had. Wanda was
told that she would be very receptive and that
this was easy money. She was also told that there
would be another $10,000 if Wanda's gang kept
Jillian for at least six months, and then a
continuing payment of $1,000 per month every
month after that. In addition, Wanda was
also promised a $5,000 bonus if she could
`impress' Louise by devising her own humiliations
for Jillian. Louise gave her $5,000 up front as
good faith, and a small camcorder. She made it
clear that she wanted tapes furnished on a regula
basis of Jillian's ordeals...

"You just better come with me, white-assed
bitch! I've got a bone to pick with you. Your ass
is mine!"

Jillian gulped and turned to follow the
swaggering girl. She wondered what she was doing.
Was she crazy? Following this strange girl to
God-knows where, for God knows what? Yet she felt
compelled to follow her. As she looked at the
back of the black girl she began getting wet
between her legs. She almost seemed on the verge
of cumming just from walking behind her. She
wondered what her cum tasted like. All she knew
was that she wanted some. No matter what
the cost!

Wanda continued deriding Jillian for her
clumsiness as she walked in front of her. She
told her that she had some friends who would
help her even the score for her disrespect. They
headed for the train station and got on a
Metroliner headed for the City. They'd be getting
off in the South Bronx.

On the train Wanda looked at Jillian with
confusion. Here was this rich white bitch, almost
old enough to be her mother. Dressed in fucking
hundred dollar shoes and wearing all kinds of
expensive shit. And she wanted to be her gang's
slave slut! Well, Wanda would see that she
got all she could handle, and then some. She also
planned on getting that $5,000 bonus for
impressing Louise too. Man, this bitch's white
ass was worth some real money! One thing was
certain. It wasn't going to stay white for long!




Jillian's Tale
Part 3 Jillian's Punishment

When the train pulled into the station Wanda stood up and
said "Follow me, bitch". Jillian obediently got up and
followed her out the doors and onto the platform. She was
extremely nervous. She knew that what she was doing was
very dangerous, but she couldn't seem to help herself. She
knew she wanted this. It was like a dream all of a sudden
coming true. She was putting herself in the hands of this
young black girl and she had no control over what she would
do with her!

They descended the stairs of the station and for the
first time Jillian looked around at her surroundings. Her
jaw dropped. It was like something out of a war movie!
She'd passed this area many times in her air-conditioned
car on the Cross Bronx Expressway and had seen the burned
out buildings, but she'd never got closer to it than the
highway. This was like those pictures of Berlin after the
war. There were stones and rubble everywhere. Ahead of her
she could see the charred skeletons of burned out apartment
buildings.

What really shocked her was that amidst all this
devastation there were children playing! On a
glass-littered court some teenaged boys were playing
basketball. People actually LIVED here! They had families.
They ate, they slept, they survived...

"This way, bitch." Wanda led the way across the rubble
towards one of the buildings. When she got halfway there
she stopped behind a mound of rubble.

"You ain't comin' in this way, bitch. You need some
humblin'. You one stuck up lily-assed whore. It's time you
got taken down a peg. Take them shoes off.... give them to
me.."

Jillian complied.

"Now the skirt..."

Jillian looked around in wide-eyed panic.

"P-please, not out here!"

"Shut your fuckin' whore trap, bitch. You don't say
nuthin' unless I tell you to. Take that fuckin' designer
skirt off or I'll cut it off!"

Wanda flashed a mean looking switchblade. Jillian glanced
around once more in panic, then undid her skirt. It fell to
the ground and she obediently picked it up and handed it to
Wanda. Wanda had to suppress a smile when she saw the white
garter and hose. Like all of the girls in her gang, she was
a young lesbian. That had been one of the key requirements
Louise had been searching for.

"Pull them pretty little panties off, bitch. Then them
whore garters and stockings. Come on! I ain't got all day!"

Jillian began to tremble as she looked around nervously
then pulled her white panties down off her slender hips.
Her hands shook so bad that she had trouble with the snaps
on her garters. When she finally got them she bent and
began rolling down her sheer white hose. She handed
everything to Wanda who was impatiently tapping her foot.

Jillian now stood nude from the waist down. Wanda stepped
up to her and reached both hands under the back of her
cashmere top. Jillian felt a tug, then a snap, and her bra
fell off and down. Wanda had cut the strap. Now her only
piece of clothing was the cashmere top.

"I like that top, whore. How many times you have to fuck
for that? Cat got your tongue? Leave it on for now... Now,
like the whore bitch that you are, get down on the ground
on your hands and knees. Hurry up!"

Jillian gulped. She had tears welling in her eyes as she
shakily got down on the ground on all fours. She wished the
cashmere top had been longer to cover more of her ass, but
Wanda grabbed the hem and pulled it up to the small of her
back.

"Leave it there, bitch. I don't want nothin' coverin' up
that white ass of yours."

Wanda took her switchblade and began cutting up Jillian's
black skirt.

"Wh-what are you doing?!" Jillian pleaded, wild-eyed.

Wanda reached down and gave her a slap on the ass that
made her jump.

"Owwwwww!!"

"I told you to keep your whore mouth shut, bitch. Don't
you be givin' me no shit."

Wanda continued cutting the skirt up into small pieces.
After that she used her knife to cut up the delicate white
panties. She kept the garter and hose and placed them,
along with her shoes and her small purse, into the pack she
carried over her shoulder.

"In case you be wonderin' how you're gonna get home with
no skirt and no panties, don't waste your time thinkin'
about it." She laughed for the first time.

 She fished around in the pack and pulled out what looked like a long leash 
  and a dog collar. Jillian stared at it in utter disbelief. Wanda buckled the 
  collar around Jillian's neck and clipped the leash onto it. It was one of those 
  chain leashes with the little leather loop at one end to hold on to. 

"Let's go, bitch."

Wanda tugged on the leash and began slowly leading the
trembling blonde woman on all fours across the trash and
rubble-filled lot. Jillian's small white ass was high in
the air. As she crawled you could see her pussy lips and
little wisps of blonde hair between her legs. Wanda
indicated that she wanted Jillian to crawl ahead of her. As
she walked slightly behind and to the left of the crawling
white woman she occasionally used the thong end of the
leash to slap across her vulnerable buns.

"Look!" came a startled high-pitched voice.

Jillian had been spotted. Within seconds a small crowd
had run up and was gathered around Wanda and the visibly
shaking Jillian.

"Get away from here! This ain't nothin for you to be
lookin at! Go home!"

The young onlookers were both shocked and amused at the
lewd spectacle before them. They were all laughing and
pointing.

"What you gonna do with that white woman? Where are her
clothes", one of the boys asked.

"This here is a rich white stuck up whore-bitch from
Connecticut. I'm gonna whup her ass, the way she shoulda
had it whupped a long time ago."

"Wow! Can we watch?" pleaded another of the boys. A
couple of girls were busy giggling and pointing at
Jillian's bare ass. Wanda mischievously kicked Jillian's
legs wider apart and the giggles turned to squeals of shock
as her puffy bare pussy became fully visible below her now
slightly pink cheeks.

"Go home, I said. Or I'll whup your asses the way I'm
gonna whup hers. This is none of your business!"

The crowd withdrew, but not entirely. They stayed just
far enough away to satisfy Wanda, but their eyes were kept
fastened on the now sobbing white woman as she continued
her crawl of shame to the building.

"What's the matter, bitch? Did that bother you?" Wanda
taunted Jillian as she sobbed and continued crawling.

"How-how could you DO that!" she sobbed. "I've never been
more ashamed in my entire life! N-never!"

"From that? Shit girl, you got a thin skin. That ain't
NOTHING compared to what I got in store for you! That's
just like a little warm up! Hahahaha!"

Jillian began shaking so hard at that last comment that
she stopped. She lowered her face into her hands and cried.
Wanda stepped behind her and gave her two hard slaps on her
upturned ass. Jillian could hear the terrible laughter off
in the distance.

"Get up!" she ordered. Or so help me I'll whip your ass
right here!"

Jillian got back up. Her arms were trembling. She used
the back of her right hand to wipe the tears out of her
eyes then resumed crawling towards the building. Wanda
continued holding the leash and walking behind her,
taunting her about how she looked the whole way.

Finally they reached the building. Wanda told her to
crawl up the two steps and into the hallway. There was no
door. As soon as she entered the hallway she heard other
voices and whistles.

"Look what we got here! White meat! Yeah!"

Wanda made Jillian turn to the right and enter a large
room. There were six other girls there, all about Wanda's
age. There was an old stuffed couch and some chairs that
looked like they'd been thrown away. The girls had been
lounging on them but now all stood up and clustered around
the new arrival.

"Girls, this here piece of white assed shit knocked me
over. She was dressed in some fine expensive clothes,
probly had some expensive car too so she thinks she can
push a Sister around."

"Oooohh.. Your ass is in trouble, girl..." they
murmured.

"She's gonna be stayin' with us for awhile. Gonna see how
the other half lives! Ain't that right.. ahhh.. what the
fuck's your name bitch?"

"J-jillian"

"J-jillian? What the fuck kind of name is J-jillian? We
oughta give you a better name... like White Ass."

"Rich Bitch!"

"Cottontail!"
"Shit for brains!"

"Shut up!" Wanda silenced the girls who were calling out
names at random. "We'll just call you J-jillian for now.
That all right with you, J-jillian?" she laughed.

"Yes" she sniffed.

"Yes WHAT, you skinny assed whore!"

"Yes... M-mistress?"

"Hahahaha! Mistress? This ain't Connecticut J-jillian.
Look around. This SURE as hell ain't Connecticut! When you
talk to me or any of the other Sisters, you call us M'am.
You got that J- jillian?" She slapped her ass once for
emphasis.

"Y-yes M'am!" Jillian jumped from the slap.

Wanda bent over her and removed the collar and leash.

"Why's she got that shirt on, Wanda?"

"I thought it looked pretty. Besides, I didn't want her
to get no sunburn on that white skin of hers while she was
crawlin' over here."

They all laughed.

"Get it off. Let's see what she's got up front."

Two girls roughly grabbed the expensive cashmere top and
pulled it up over her head. Jillian lifted her arms and
the top was pulled off around her head, fluffing her short
blonde hair in the process.

Now for the first time Jillian was completely nude. She
had goosebumps on her upper arms and she was shivering. Not
from cold, but from the shame she was feeling, and the
excitement.

The girls made her lift her body up so she was kneeling
upright with her ass resting on her heels. She kept her
eyes downcast as they began grabbing at her pert little
breasts. They were fairly small but they were firm and her
nipples were quite long. She winced as they pulled and
twisted at them. When she tried to use her arms to protect
her breasts she was slapped in the face.

"Spread those knees wider, Jillian. Okay girls, Jillian's
gonna put on a little show for us, ain't you Jillian?"

"Yes, M'am."

The girls turned the couch around and pushed the chairs
up so that they were all seated and facing the kneeling
blonde.

"Rub your tit's Jillian. Rub them real good and pull on
your nipples. Get them nice and hard."

Jillian obediently began massaging her naked breasts as
the girls watched and hooted. They popped open some cans of
beer and began drinking and catcalling.

"Rub your pussy, Jillian. Make it shiny and wet for us.
We want to see it nice and hot down there."

With her head bowed, Jillian placed her right hand on her
open pussy. As the seven black teenagers watched and
cheered, she performed the most intimate act of
masturbating in front of them. In spite of her humiliation
she was as hot as a pistol. Mostly it was BECAUSE of her
humiliation she was so hot. She began moaning and rubbing
faster and faster. Her hips began to hump and her middle
finger became a blur as it rubbed across her swollen clit.
She didn't even notice that Wanda had the camcorder out and
was recording the entire scene for Louise.

Faster and faster she rubbed until she finally got
herself right at the edge. She stayed there for a minute,
her hips convulsing, her whole body was rigid and shivering
and she was moaning with her eyes closed. She suddenly let
out a yelp and her hips began moving back and forth again
as she squeezed off her orgasm. Her pussy gushed cum all
over her hand. Without thinking she put her hand to her
mouth and started licking it. "Mmmmmm...." she moaned as
she tasted the sweetness of her own cum. She had to have
more! She kept rubbing her hands between her legs to get
every bit of cum she could. She licked one hand while
rubbing with the other.

All of it was being recorded on the camcorder. The girls
couldn't believe what a slut she'd suddenly become! She was
almost wild. Her tongue was flicking back and forth across
her lips and she pleaded with the girls to give her more
cum.

Wanda leaned back in her chair and pulled her jeans and
panties down to her thighs.

"Right here, bitch. Eat me you fucking whore!"

Jillian practically dove between Wanda's thighs. She
wedged her face into the tuft of curly black hair and began
thrusting her tongue into her pussy as far is it would go.

"Oh yeah, right there, bitch! Keep licking that spot or
I'll beat your sorry ass!"

Wanda closed her thighs around Jillian's head and began
humping. Jillian's tongue was relentless. She finally put
Wanda over the edge. She squealed with delight as she
lapped up every drop of cum she could get. She was addicted
to it. When it was over she looked at the other girls and
begged:

"More, please! PLEASE!"

One by one the girls pulled down their pants while
Jillian ate them to orgasm. Her bare ass wiggled with
delight as she knelt and licked the needed nectar out of
each young pussy. When she finished with the last girl she
looked wildly at Wanda again and said "Please! Once more...
PLEASE!"

"Whoa baby! You sure have turned into one hot-assed slut,
haven't you."

She pushed her pants back down and once again let the 35
year old wife eat her to a shuddering climax. Jillian went
around the room eating each girl a second time. When she
was finished she begged to do it again! When the girls
declined she immediately thrust both hands onto her own
pussy and started rubbing some more. The girls had to
physically restrain her before she'd stop.

"I don't know what got into you, bitch. One little drop
of pussy juice turned you into a fucking maniac!"

Wanda turned off the camcorder. When Jillian saw it her
eyes nearly popped out of her head! What were they going to
do with that tape?

"Let's get her ready girls. The real fun starts now."

Four of the girls grabbed Jillian and half carried her,
half dragged her into the hall and then outside in front of
the building. There was a small rectangular table set up.
It was old and the wood was chipped in places. It was about
three feet long by a foot and a half wide. It stood about
two feet tall. It looked like it might have been an end
table, or something that a plant would sit on.

They placed her on the table on her back. They got some
rope and bent her legs down over the end of the table. Two
girls grabbed her arms and pulled them straight down over
the sides. They tied her hands and feet together under the
table. This had the effect of bowing her body slightly
upward, and her legs were spread. She was helpless to move.

One of the other girls, Cheline, held a long feather and
was giggling. She stood over the bound body of Jillian and
slowly touched the tip of it to her defenseless nipple.
Jillian twitched a bit and moaned. Encouraged by this she
began twirling the feather around her pink nipple and
teasing it. Jillian's nipple became instantly erect and
ridges popped out on the large aureole.

"Oh God! Oh No! Please! Not out here!" Jillian begged,
and the girl moved to the other nipple and excited it too.
She moved the teasing feather down her belly and then ran
the tip up and down her moistening slit. Jillian tried
twisting to get away from it but she was tied tightly
across the table. Her whole body from her neck to her knees
was presented as a target for the cruel teenager and her
feather. The other girls laughed and egged Cheline on.

"You keep yellin' like that and you're gonna attract a
crowd, whore." Cheline teased.

Wanda rubbed her own fingers in Jillian's wet pussy. She
got as much of the cum juice as she could and placed her
fingers to Jillian's mouth. Jillian licked at the fingers
and her eyes went wild again. Her tongue was all over
Wanda's fingers, trying to get at the cum. Wanda laughed
and got some more. She smeared it on Jillian's upper lip
and right under her nose.

"How you like your own smell, bitch? It turnin' you on?"

Jillian's tongue was extended trying to get the cum from
her upper lip. Wanda kept fingering her and adding some
more. Cheline continued with the feather; along her sides,
across her belly, and always back to the rigid nipples.
Jillian was begging loudly now for more cum. Her hips
bucked as much as they could on the table, which wasn't
much. One of the other girls had set up a tripod to hold
the ever-present camcorder.

A fourth girl had disappeared but she returned now
carrying a large bag.

"Oh boy! Barbecue time!" They all paused for a moment to
cluster around the girl with the bag. Even Cheline paused
with the feather, leaving Jillian alone and shivering on
the table.

They opened the bag and took out some chicken wings.
"Mmmmmm! We got white meat on the table and wings in the
bag! What could be better?"

Wanda got the container of barbecue sauce and smiled
wickedly. She took it over to the table and opened the lid.

"We gotta change her position, girls. Get them feet up in
the air!"

Working quickly they untied her hands and feet then
retied her hands together under the table. Lifting her
knees they tied a loop of rope around each thigh, just
above her knee. They took each of the ropes and pulled them
way back and to the side. This lifted Jillian's knees in
the air and back towards her shoulders. Looking around they
found a couple of places on the ground to tie off the
ropes, holding her in this open position. Her feet were
able to dangle in the air but her thighs were spread open
and her knees pulled back and fastened to hold her that
way. She was positioned so that her ass hung just over the
edge of the table. This opened Jillian's pussy as wide as
it could possibly be! Her little round white buns were
lifted slightly upward and widely parted to show her
asshole, which was pointing out at about 45 degrees. Her
spread pussy pointed directly upward and the lips were
slightly parted to display the wet pinkness within. She was
a delectable sight...

Wanda let her eyes roam over the smooth white body bound
there on the little table like an offering. Jillian's pussy
lips were swollen and red. Little droplets of moisture were
clinging to them. Her face and neck were deeply blushed and
her eyes closed tightly against the shame of being
displayed as she was.

Wanda poked her index finger into the damp pussy and felt
the lips cling to it as it was withdrawn. She then grabbed
each of Jillian's swollen pussy lips between her thumbs and
index fingers and pinched them cruelly. Jillian's eyes
popped open in surprise. She involuntarily shuddered and
let out a little yelp. Wanda pulled the pussy lips wide
apart and held her like that for the camcorder. With a sigh
she finally let go of those pulsing lips and watched the
flower close slightly.

"We gotta warm up the oven first". Wanda laughed as she
ran her right hand over Jillian's smooth ass. She cupped
each of the buns and pinched them. She lifted her hand in
the air and brought her palm down sharply, spanking
Jillian.

"Owww!" Jillian wailed.

Again Wanda slapped her helpless ass.

"Owwwwwwww!"

The others girls laughed as Wanda began spanking Jillian
in earnest. Slapping those poor little cheeks that hung
there at her mercy. She was rewarded each time by a wail
from Jillian. After about thirty swats she stopped and
cupped her pink buns lightly with both hands.

"That oughta do for now...."

Wanda picked the container of barbecue sauce back up and
very carefully poured some of it into Jillian's open pussy.

"Ooooohhhhhhh!" Jillian moaned, as it overflowed slightly
and ran down her crack into her asshole.

Wanda picked up a piece of chicken and dipped it in the
sauce in Jillian's pussy, making sure she brushed it up
against her clit as she pulled it out.

"Oooooohhhhhh!!" the tormented woman moaned again as
Wanda smiled and bit into the chicken wing.

"Mmmmmmm! Gotta try the sauce, girls!"

All seven of the teenagers crowded around the lewdly
displayed Jillian. They each took turns dipping their
chicken wings into her sauce, being very careful to brush
against her sensitive inner pussy lips and stiff clitoris.

Occasionally one would twirl a wing around the sauce
collecting in Jillian's asshole, brushing it upwards till
they were at her spasming pussy again. As the sauce got
eaten up they had to refill her several times.

Just as Cheline had warned, Jillian's moaning had
attracted a small crowd. Her previous audience from earlier
had crept back and were watching with fascination and
giggling. Jillian saw them through her tear-blurred eyes
and cried out to get them away.

"Get outta here!" Wanda yelled and threw a rock at them.
"This ain't something you oughta be seeing. Go home or so
help me I'll whup your asses too!"

The amused onlookers scrambled, giggling. They ran around
the side of the building but refused to leave entirely.
Several other people had also stopped by, fascinated by the
sight of seven black teenaged girls tormenting a tied up
naked white woman who was nearly twice their age.

The crowd respectfully kept their distance, though.
Wanda's gang was well known in the area and none of the
onlookers wanted to risk their wrath. They looked at the
pathetic squirmings of the mercilessly exposed and teased
Jillian and shuddered. What a horrible fate!

When the gang had finished with their chicken they went
back inside the building, leaving Jillian still tied and on
display. She was shivering and moving her head back and
forth, alternately pleading with anyone who could hear her
to let her go, or at least to let her cum...

The others watched from their distance. Although both
Jillian and the camcorder were left unattended, nobody
dared to touch either. They all knew who both belonged
to...

A mangy German Shepherd walked up to the table and
sniffed. He moved down between Jillian's spread thighs and
let his tongue take a swipe at the open pussy, glistening
with barbecue sauce.

"Nooo! Noooo! Get it away!!" she pleaded but the dog
continued licking her, enjoying the taste of the sauce.
They left her on display like that for about thirty
minutes. The dog stayed with her, licking her the entire
time, and causing her five shuddering orgasms...




Jillian's Tale
Part 4 Homecumming Queen

By the time the girls came back outside and shooed the
dog away most of the onlookers had moved on. Jillian was
covered in a sheen of sweat and her breast was heaving.
Wanda looked down at her, absent-mindedly using her fingers
to diddle Jillian's open pussy.

"Boy, you sure do look nice like this, bitch. I
sure hope you're enjoying yourself because from now on
you gonna be spendin' an awful lot of your time out here
just like this. It'll amuse the neighbors."

"Nooooo-nooooo-noooooo" Jillian wailed.

One of the other girls carried out a large white poster
that was nailed to a four-foot long pointed stick. She
placed the stick in the ground about six feet to the left
of Jillian and pounded it in with an old rusty hammer.
Jillian could turn her head and read the poster. Printed on
it in large letters with a magic marker read:

`My name is Jillian Dudley. I was a rich bitch from
Greenwich, CT. Now I'm the slave of the Debutantes. I'm
very happy. Please look all you want but don't touch.'

The girl, Cheline, took the feather she had used earlier
and inserted it, quill end first, into Jillian's exposed
asshole. The slight breeze blowing the downy end of the
feather around her rim would remind her that it was there.
As Cheline was attending to this, Wanda put a blindfold
around Jillian's eyes and tied it tightly behind her head.

"We gotta be gone for awhile, bitch. Got some business to
take care of. We'll be back in about a hour. Sure hope
none of them kids is hangin' around here..."

Wanda grabbed the camcorder and the girls all headed off
together. They had a prepaid mailer and were going to send
the video tape of the day's activities off to Louise. It
would be the first of many.

Louise had also prepared a letter from Jillian to her
husband, Frank. It said simply that she needed to get away
for awhile. To do her own thing. She asked Frank not to
worry about her or to be angry with her. She just needed
some time. Louise got a forger who did a remarkable job of
matching Jillian's handwriting from a sample that was
provided. The letter was sitting on the dining room table
in Jillian's house, in an envelope addressed to `Dear
Frank'.

The girls came back about an hour later. Jillian was
moaning and practically hysterical, her head whipping back
and forth and her toes clenching and unclenching. All they
could make out was the word `PLEASE!' over and over again.

The first thing they noticed was that the feather was
still stuck in her asshole but it was now reversed, with
the quill end sticking out. They didn't know who had been
at her while they were away, but whoever it was had
certainly done a job on her. They also noted a few fresh
pink handprints on her upturned ass.

Jillian was dragged back into the building and given some
water and something to eat. A little later when she said
she had to go to the bathroom, Wanda grabbed Jillian's
cashmere top and the leash, and put them both on the naked
blonde woman. It was nighttime and she didn't want Jillian
to catch a chill, besides, she thought that wearing the
expensive cashmere top occasionally would be a sad reminder
to her of just how low she'd sunk. She put the collar and
leash on her and adjusted the hem of her top so it was high
up on her back. Then she lead her outside, crawling on all
fours, into the cool night air. Jillian's white buns shone
in the moonlight.

Jillian could hear the sounds of the night. A siren
wailed, some dogs were barking. Off in the distance she
heard the sound of a train going by. Some men were shouting
something in Spanish but she couldn't tell where. Wanda led
her around the building to a small tree that was standing
in a clearing between buildings.

She made Jillian lift her leg up and squirt her steaming
pee on the trunk of the tree. As she was relieving herself,
Jillian looked up through tear-blurred eyes and saw that
the closer of the two building had some lights on in the
upper floors. One of the windows had a flower pot in it.
People were living here.

Once they were back inside and the leash removed, the
cashmere top was again stripped off Jillian. Wanda sat
down on one of the armless wooden chairs and told Jillian
she was to lay down across her lap. She explained that this
was going to become part of her ritual. Her nightly
spanking by the girls.

With the 35 year old blonde draped naked across the Black
teenager's lap the other girls watched with rapt attention
as Wanda raised her hand and delivered a stinging slap to
the doomed bottom. Jillian squirmed and pleaded but Wanda
continued spanking her until she had given her ten hard
slaps. Then she pushed the sobbing Jillian to the floor and
stood up.

Cheline took her place in the chair and Jillian was
ordered across her lap next. Cheline played with her a
minute then lifted her hand and delivered her own ten slaps
to the quickly reddening bottom.

One by one, each of the girls took their turn in the
chair and spanked Jillian. By the time the last slap was
delivered, Jillian was sobbing uncontrollably. The girls
knew how to ease her pain.

On her hands and knees, with her reddened ass wiggling in
gratitude, Jillian was again allowed to crawl around the
room eating out each of the girls. Once again Jillian
seemed wild for more cum and begged for a second helping.

Most of the girls obliged. When they were through they
tied Jillian's hands and feet together behind her, and left
her on her side to go to sleep. This wasn't because they
were afraid of her running away. It was to keep her from
playing with herself all night long. Wanda threw a dirty
old blanket over her then settled down herself.
Unfortunately, Jillian was not one of those women who could
successfully bring herself off by squeezing her thighs
together. All she could manage to do was keep herself
aroused. She moaned and chattered her teeth in frustration
as she lay there in shame and unfulfilled sexual arousal,
wondering what was to become of her now.

All of the other girls settled in and went to sleep.
They all lived in the old building. They had nowhere else
to go.

The next six days were similar to the first, with subtle
variations to keep things interesting. When it wasn't
raining Jillian spent much of her time tied up outside on
the table like before. The poster remained, and so did most
of her audience. The girls had `barbecue' twice more that
week. The dog didn't come back, but the flies were just as
bad till the girls finally got around to cleaning her up.

On one occasion they had to quickly hustle her inside
when someone spotted a cop car in the neighborhood, but it
drove past quickly and never came back. It probably
wouldn't have stopped anyway, even if they had seen her.
The police were not a concern. In this section of the South
Bronx it was the gangs that ruled...

When Wednesday came around again Wanda had to take
Jillian into Greenwich for her final session with Doctor
Kinder. She had a 5:00pm appointment. Wanda gave her her
cashmere top and took her for her morning walk around the
buildings on her leash, stopping by that same tree to let
her lift her leg and relieve herself. She then spent the
early afternoon servicing the girls.

At 2:30 they began to clean her up and get her ready.
They scrubbed her till she squeaked then one of the girls
brought out a brown paper bag with some old clothes in it.
They had belonged to her twelve year old cousin.

Jillian looked at the red and black pull-over jersey and
the short black dress skeptically. There was no way the
clothes of a 12 year old would fit on the body of a 35 year
old. Wanda was convinced thatthey would.

The jersey was several sizes too small but it stretched.
Without a bra Jillian's nipples, along with the entire
outline of her breasts, could be clearly seen. The bottom
came down only to her navel.

The black dress was even worse. There was no way it would
fit around her waist, so they left it unzipped on the side
and used a rubber band to hold the ends of the waistband
together. The dress was old and very wrinkled and smelled
musty. It barely covered her ass when she was standing
still. With no panties on Jillian couldn't help but flash
the undercurves of her cheeks whenever she walked.

Wanda got Jillian's own shoes from her bag and let her
wear them. The four inch heels made the shirt and dress
look even more trashy, if that were possible. Wanda grabbed
her bag and began walking towards the train station.
Jillian followed meekly behind.

There was nobody else on the platform but when they
boarded the train every head turned to look and stare.
Wanda told Jillian to sit down. When she d id she held her
knees as closely together as she could and used her arms to
try to hide how far the dress was riding up. She was only
slightly successful. The rubber band holding the two ends
of the waistband together stretched showing a wide expanse
of white thigh. She could feel every pair of eyes on the
train burning into her, but she kept her head lowered and
tried to be as motionless as possible.

They got off the train in Greenwich and walked to Dr.
Kinder'soffice. Jillian tried to take small steps and
used her hands to keep her dress down, but she had to
scurry to keep up with the fast-walking Wanda. Her eyes
darted left and right in fear. What if somebody she knew
saw her?

When they arrived at Dr. Kinder's office it was once
again empty. The doctor came out to greet her. His eyes
almost bugged out of his head when he saw her! He looked at
Wanda, who smiled very smugly at him, then he gulped and
invited Jillian into his office. Wanda was asked to remain
outside in the waiting room.

"Ahh... nice to ahh.. see you again, Jillian. How've you
been doing with the smoking?"

Jillian's face and neck were flushed a bright red. She
couldn't meet the doctor's gaze. She coughed once and said,
nervously:

"F-fine, doctor. I haven't had a cigarette in two weeks,
a-and I haven't been drinking a lot of water either."

Doctor Kinder cleared his voice. He blushed a little
himself, though it was hard to notice above his beard.

"This will be your final session, Jillian. It will, uh,
reinforce your desire to not smoke. Are you... okay?"

"Y-yes, doctor.... I mean... well, uh, I guess so. I'm
not smoking at any rate. I'm okay..."

Doctor Kinder again lowered the lights in his office.
Again he asked Jillian to gaze at the single spot on his
desk while he used his skills to relax her and put her in
deep hypnosis. She went under very quickly this time. Once
again, at his signal, Louise came out from the next room
and sat next to him. She gazed at the clothes Jillian was
wearing and she had a wry smile on her face.

The fact was that Louise was beginning to enjoy this
immensely. She had a very cruel streak in her. What had
originally started out as a device to embarrass Jillian's
husband at the firm was now becoming a very pleasant and
arousing exercise on its own. She squeezed her own legs
together under the desk as she nodded to the doctor to
proceed.

"Jillian, are you comfortable?"

"No. I'm embarrassed by these clothes, Doctor."

"That's good. You should be. Those clothes are very
sluttish. Everyone will be staring at you wherever you go.
If anyone you know were to see you in them you would nearly
die of embarrassment."

"Yes, Doctor."

"Jillian, that girl outside and her friends have been
helping you to live out your fantasy. It would be very
dangerous to keep that all bottled up inside so they're
actually helping you. You will continue to obey their every
command. You will desperately WANT to please them and obey
them, no matter what they tell you to do, no matter how
embarrassing."

"It's very embarrassing, Doctor."

"That's good, Jillian. It's good for you. No matter what
they do to you, you must obey them. As time goes by you
will become even more shamed by the things they do to you,
and also more aroused by it. You will also continue to
crave female cum instead of cigarettes. The cravings will
get stronger and stronger, along with your need to
obey your mistresses in all things."

"Yes doctor."

Doctor Kinder gulped and looked at Louise hopefully. He
was incredibly aroused by what he was doing to this poor
woman. Louise shook her head no. She knew what he wanted to
do now, but there wasn't time for it. Besides, he was being
well paid for his work. She got up and went back to the
other room.

"Jillian, I'm going to wake you up shortly. You will feel
refreshed and awake, but very horny. You will not
consciously remember our conversation. Your mistress is
waiting for you outside. You will accompany her this
evening and obey her."

"Yes,Doctor"

"Wake up, Jillian."

Jillian blinked her eyes and looked at the doctor. She
was embarrassed that he was seeing her the way she was
dressed, but it also aroused her at the same time.

"Is it over, Doctor?"

"Yes, Jillian. We're finished. I hope you enjoy a
wonderful life free from cigarettes. I'm glad that I've
been able to help."

"Thank you Doctor."

Jillian glanced down. She couldn't bring herself to meet
his eyes. She knew he must be looking at her and thinking
what a slut she was. She got up and took small steps to the
door and let herself out. Doctor Kinder watched her leave
in her incredibly short and wrinkled black dress. He saw
the wedge of white thigh where the rubber band held the
dress together. He saw the curve of her lower cheeks just
under the hem of the dress. His erection now was almost
painful.

When she got into the reception room Wanda was reading a
magazine. She stood up and snapped her fingers.

"Let's go slut, we gotta be someplace in a hour and I
wanna do a little window shoppin' first."

Jillian meekly followed Wanda outside. They spent the
next half hour walking downtown looking at the shops.
Jillian felt the eyes of everybody they passed on them
both. They must have been quite a sight in old Greenwich. A
Black teenage girl wearing jeans and sneakers accompanied
by a 35 year old white woman with short blonde hair dressed
like the sluttiest prostitute from an X-rated movie. She
was horrified to be in Greenwich like this. The odds of
someone she knew seeing her were just too high, but she
didn't dare voice her objection to Wanda.

A little before 6:00 Wanda hailed a taxi. After they both
got in the back seat Wanda handed a slip of paper to the
driver with an address on it. He flipped the lever on his
meter and headed off. While they were in the back seat
Wanda impishly ran her hand under Jillian's short dress.
Only inches from the hem she found Jillian's pussy and
inserted a finger into it. She wiggled it around a bit and
moved it back and forth as they rode. Jillian closed her
eyes and licked her lips. She tried her best not to moan
so the driver wouldn't know what was going on.

Wanda removed her hand and mischievously brushed her
finger across Jillian's lips. Jillian licked at the cum and
her eyes sprung open. Her breathing got a little heavier.
She couldn't suppress a small whimper as she looked at
Wanda pleadingly.

"Not now, bitch. There'll be more later." Wanda
whispered.

"Okay, ladies" the cab driver said as he pulled the car
to the side of the road. "That'll be $6.50"

Jillian looked around and suddenly she began to panic.
They were right outside Louise's house! And there were lots
of other cars around too.

"W-why are we stopping here?" she said in a panic.

"This is the address you gave me, isn't it? That'll be
$6.50."

Wanda paid the driver and opened the door.

"Let's go, bitch. We're gonna be late."

"Oh, no! No, please! You couldn't possibly be going
to..."

"Shut up and get your whore ass outta this cab, or I'll
drag you out."

The cab driver's jaw dropped as he heard their
conversation. Jillian was close to tears as she got out of
the cab. Wanda led the way up to the front door with
Jillian following meekly behind. Once on the porch she rang
the doorbell. A moment passed and the door was opened. A
lot of conversation could be heard in the background
as Louise's housekeeper let them in.

"Good evening, Mrs. Dudley" she said as she showed them
both in.

Jillian's face was scarlet as she followed Wanda into the
large livingroom. When she stepped into the room she gasped
and swallowed hard. Practically everybody she knew was
there! Many of the people Frank worked with were there with
their wives. Her friends, people she socialized with,
shopped with, went out to dinner with! My God! -- Sylvia
and George Wooley! Maryanne Dennison and her husband Paul!
The Thompsons! This couldn't be happening to her!

Conversation practically stopped as she entered the room.
There were a couple of gasps. She heard "What on earth is
she wearing!" from the back of the room. Louise came over
to her and pretended to be surprised.

"Jillian! So ah... nice you could come. I take it Frank
isn't coming?"

Jillian didn't answer. She looked down at her feet.

Wanda jumped in and introduced herself, loudly.

"Nice ta meet you. I'm Wanda. Me 'n Jillian's
living together now."

"Wel-welcome! Please... ah... help yourself to something
to eat and drink. Jillian, I believe you know everybody
here. I'll let you introduce your friend."

Jillian's face and neck were now nearly the color of the
red in her shirt, the child's jersey that came down to her
navel and was stretched so tightly you could actually see
the ridges forming around her nipples. As she followed
Wanda to the refreshment table she could feel cool air on
the bare bottoms of her asscheeks. She wanted to crawl into
a hole somewhere and die.

She looked up at Wanda's face. Wanda was nibbling on a
small sandwich and had a glass in her other hand.

"Please, m'am. Please get me out of here!" She sniffed
and clasped her hands together in front of her.

"D-don't do this to me. You can do anything else,
ANYTHING, but please don't do this to me!"

Wanda answered her in a voice loud enough for everyone to
hear:

"You BEGGING me, bitch?" There were gasps in the room.

"I said, Are you begging me, bitch? Well, if you are then
you're in the wrong position... When you beg me you damn
well better be on your knees! Get down there! You heard me,
bitch. Get down on your knees and ask me again. Do what I
say or so help me I'll whip your ass right here in front of
your friends!"

The room was silent. Completely silent. The only sound
that could be heard was the sobbing from Jillian as she
slowly dropped to her knees in front of Wanda. Her eyes
were downcast and she didn't say a word.

"Speak up, bitch! What do you want?"

"P-please get me out of here" Jillian sobbed.

"Say what? Didn't I warn you to refer to me as M'am? You
think just because you got your rich friends around that
you can be dis'n me in front of them? I think you need some
humblin' girl! Some real humblin'! Get down on your hands!
Go on, do it!"

"I think we'd better be leaving.." she heard someone say.

A few f the people had grabbed their coats and were
leaving the room. Most of the others were staying, not
quite believing what they were seeing, and not wanting to
miss anything!

Jillian placed her hands on the expensive carpet. She was
now on all fours. Wanda roughly shoved her around until
she was crouched by the food table with her practically
bare ass pointing back towards everybody in the room. The
short black dress had ridden up so that it only covered the
very top of her smooth round buns. It was even possible to
see a little bit of her moist pink pussy peeking back
between a few blonde hairs.

Wanda walked up to her and looped a finger into the
rubber band that was holding her dress closed. She roughly
yanked it, snapping it off. The dress immediately came
apart. Wanda picked it up off the small of Jillian's back
and dropped it to the floor. Then she bent and pulled off
each of Jillin's shoes. Jillian was sobbing loudly now. Her
shoulders were shaking. She lowered her head to the carpet
as she cried, thrusting her bare ass even higher into the
air.

Wanda kicked her knees wide apart so that her pussy was
now in full view, hanging between her legs, just a few
inches below her clearly visible anus. Wanda gave a very
hard slap to Jillian's bare ass which caused her to raise
her head and gasp. She then thrust two fingers into her wet
pussy and rubbed them back and forth. All this had taken
place very quickly.

"Jillian, are you crazy?!!" she heard someone gasp. "It's
time to put an end to this..."

"Stop right where you are, mister. This slut belongs to
me, and my Sisters. It was her choice. If you lay one
finger on her now I swear I'll whip her ass till the skin
peels off! I mean it. She's comin' back home with me
tonight whether you like it or not. Now back off!"

The would-be rescuer stopped in his tracks. Then he
turned and stormed out of the room. Nobody else was
leaving.

Wanda took her fingers out of Jillian's pussy and,
bending over, put them up to the crouching woman's lips.

"Lick it, bitch. Go on!"

Jillian licked her own cum off Wanda's fingers.

"Oh no...." she wailed, licking off every drop as the
craving took over.

When she was finished she looked up pathetically and
pleaded "more.... please?"

Wanda laughed and slapped Jillian's bare ass again.
There were now two red handprints on the perfect white buns
that were pointing out at the guests.

"You know what to do if you want more. Show them what a
whore you are! Rub yourself silly, go on! Let them see what
a whore you are!"

As Wanda was saying this, Jillian's right hand crept back
between her widely spread thighs. Everyone in the room
could see her working her fingers in and out of her pussy.
She stopped and brought the hand up to her own lips. She
moaned as she licked off all the juices, then returned to
her pussy for more. She was hooked!

She swayed her ass back and forth as she rubbed
furiously. Wanda grabbed hold of Jillian's jersey and
yanked it up over her head. Jillian had to lift her arms so
the jersey could be pulled completely off her. She was now
totally nude.

Wanda slapped her ass again very hard.

"Get back down there, bitch. You ain't finished yet."

Obediently, Jillian crouched back down and went back to
work on her pussy. Her knees were spread very wide now and
her face was pressed to the carpet to steady her as her
right hand did its work. Her breath came in ragged gasps
and she moaned loudly.

It only took a few more seconds for Jillian to get close
to her orgasm. Wanda slapped her quivering ass again and
taunted her, telling her to cum for her friends. Jillian's
whole body was shaking like a leaf. She let out a loud moan
and went stiff as a board. The guests could see the wetness
of her orgasm flowing down over her hand as she humped it.

Jillian was crying as she alternately licked her fingers
and went back to her pussy for more juice. She turned a
tear-stained and pathetic face up to Wanda and again said
"more... please?"

Wanda had taken Jillian's collar and leash out of her bag
and now bent to put them around the neck of the trembling
blonde.

"No more now, bitch" she laughed. "Wait till we get back to
the other Sisters."

Wanda grabbed the discarded shirt, dress and shoes and
stuffed them in her bag.

"Call us a cab, please" she said to Louise as she tugged
on the leash and led the naked Jillian on all fours out
of the room. She paused at the threshold to give everybody
one last look at Jillian's beautiful pink and white buns,
then turned in the hallway and went out the front door.

She led Jillian down to the sidewalk and stood there for
a moment holding the leash. Most of the guests had come
out to the porch to watch what was happening. Wanda glanced
at Louise who secretly gave her a nod and an `OK' sign.
Wanda beamed. She knew she'd just earned her $5,000 bonus.

She unclipped the leash but left the collar on, then told
Jillian to stand up and put her clothes back on. The rubber
band had broken so Jillian had to hold the waistband of the
dress together with one shaking hand. Ten minutes later a
cab came and took them to the train station.




Jillian's Tale
EPILOGUE

Jillian's performance that night had a profound effect
on her husband's career. When copies of Wanda's home-made
video tapes began suddenly appearing and being passed
around amongst his co-workers he knew he couldn't stay in
Greenwich. He asked for, and was granted, a transfer to a
lesser job in the company's Dallas-Fort Worth office. He
spoke to his attorney about a divorce but was advised that,
under the circumstances, he'd make out better by just
moving to Texas and abandoning Jillian to her new
lifestyle.

Louise got what she wanted. Six months later her own
husband was promoted to Executive Vice President. With his
only competition out of the running he was a shoo-in.

In addition to advancing her husband's career, Louise was
kept well stocked with a continuing supply of Wanda's video
tapes. Wanda had become quite creative and had earned
another bonus within two months. Louise enjoyed viewing the
tapes and loaned them out to quite a few of Jillian's
former friends for stag parties and the like. She even had
Wanda bring Jillian back to Greenwich about once a month
for very "special" parties.

With the influx of Louise's money, plus the notoriety of
having a white slave-slut, Wanda's gang flourished. They
rented space in the building next door which was heated and
had electricity. They were able to recruit new young girls
to the gang.

Jillian became their major source of income. The money
that Louise sent each month, plus what they got for loaning
her out on occasion to other gangs had them all dressing
and eating better. But they still loved their barbecue,
with it's `special' sauce!

Doctor Kinder was right about Jillian. She never did get
used to the things that the girls did to her. Some of the
new girls have proven to be most inventive. The old worn
wooden table is still outside, and Jillian still spends a
good deal of her time there, on her back, watching the
clouds through teary eyes and wiggling toes, but the girls
are continually finding new ways to spice things up. It
was, in fact, one of the new girls who suggested placing
clothespins on Jillian's nipples, and also on the sensitive
lower curves of her ass as it pointed up over the table's
edge. It greatly increased the level of Jillian's moaning
and was appreciated by all who saw her displayed that way.

The things that still bother Jillian the most are her
occasional trips to Greenwich. Her wardrobe hasn't changed
much. She still has the cashmere top for her morning and
evening walks and her jersey and black dress for special
occasions. The girls have benefited greatly from owning
her, and Jillian, well, she still doesn't smoke cigarettes...

THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dr. Phil


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





