BDSM Library - Owned Teacher




Owned Teacher
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A female teacher was controlled by her student, completely.
Owned Teacher
by thumb
thumb@home.com

(bondage, humilation, slavary, lingerie, F/f)

SANDARD DISCLAIMER: 
  
  All characters are fictitious. This story is intended for ADULTS only. If you 
  are under 18 DO NOT READ and delete from your drive immediately. 
  
  This is my first attempt at a story. Comments are welcomed. I'm not sure how 
  far this will go but I see a lot of potential if there is interest.
  

  MORE TO COME. COMMENTS ARE WELCOME AND ENCOURAGED. SHOULD I CONTINUE?? 
  
  The entire story is archived at ASSM (Not sure this link still works)
  http://www.qz.to/~eli/erotica/assm 




Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 1 
  
  Mrs. Mary Clark sat at her desk checking the senior English compositions her 
  class had turned in today. While school had been dismissed about twenty minutes 
  ago she was in no hurry to get home. Her husband was off on yet another business 
  trip and her daughter, Amy, was attending a camp retreat for the weekend. 
  
  Mary had been married to Bill for fourteen years. Since he got his last promotion 
  he has been required to go on extended business trips. The longest was two months 
  and this trip could well be longer. Amy had just had her thirteenth birthday 
  and with all her involvement in activities at school and church she was rarely 
  home. So Mary had quite a bit of free time and had no pressing commitments. 
  She planned to finish up these papers and head to the gym for her daily workout 
  on the way home. At Thirty-five she worked very hard to keep in shape. At 5'7" 
  and 120# she was proud of her body, no sagging, firm legs and tight tummy to 
  go with her firm 35 inch bust. 
  
  Mary was startled out her daydream by a knock at her classroom door. Looking 
  up she saw Lisa Simon, one of her senior honor's English students. Lisa was 
  a very bright student. At eighteen she had a well developed body and a rather 
  arrogant attitude. She was sort of a loner and despite her beauty she didn't 
  have a boyfriend or any friends for that matter. 
  
  "Come in Lisa. I haven't finished grading the compositions yet." 
  
  "That's not why I'm here Mrs. C. I have something I want to show you." 
  
  "Sure . What do you have?" 
  
  Lisa reached into her bag and took out an old magazine. Mary's heart stopped 
  as she immediately recognized the magazine. It was "Hustler" June, 82. She had 
  always hoped that no one would discover her old secret. 
  
  Lisa flipped open the magazine and there all over a four page spread was her 
  senior English teacher showing all her well put together charms. Mary had posed 
  in college for some very much needed money and had hoped that they would remain 
  in her past. "I was cleaning out an old trunk of my dad's in the attic and look 
  at what I found." 
  
  Mary tried to gather her wits and replied, "That was a long time ago Lisa and 
  I am not proud of it but at the time I was desperate for money to finish college. 
  Let me have that so I can throw it away and keep it in my past." 
  
  Lisa pulled back the magazine. "I don't think so Mrs. C. We need to have a little 
  talk. Close the door." 
  
  Mary got up and closed the door, anxious to get this taken care of as soon as 
  possible. "Lock it"., Lisa said as she took Mrs. C. seat behind her desk. 
  
  As soon as the door was closed and locked Mary turned and seeing Lisa in her 
  chair moved to a desk in the first row of student seats. She saw a look on Lisa's 
  face that was not at all encouraging. 
  
  " Stand in front of the desk Mrs. C." 
  
  "I'll just sit here Lisa" moving to the first desk. 
  
  "I said stand in front of the desk" Lisa said in a very firm tone. 
  
  Mary moved to stand in front of the student sitting behind her desk and holding 
  all the cards. This was not a comfortable situation at all for the teacher. 
  
  
  "Do you like teaching here?" 
  
  "Yes Lisa I like teaching here very much" 
  
  "Does your husband know about these pictures?" 
  
  "No". 
  
  "Would you like Amy to see these?" said Lisa holding up the pictures. 
  
  "No" Mary answered as she began to shake realizing she was in a very vulnerable 
  position. 
  
  "Well Mrs. C. I've just outlined three reasons why you should carefully consider 
  what I am about to offer you. From this moment until I say otherwise you will 
  do everything, and I mean everything, I tell you to do. If you refuse or do 
  not obey my every command guess what? No job, no hubby and one very humiliated 
  teenager." 
  
  "What do you want Lisa?" asked Mary with a trembling voice. 
  
  "You" replied Lisa calmly. "I want to own you. I want you to obey everything 
  and anything I tell you immediately without question. If you refuse at any time 
  or do not please me, the magazine will be distributed all over the school and 
  copies sent to your husband and his bosses. If you do agree we will keep this 
  our secret." 
  
  Mary's knees became weak. She couldn't allow those pictures to be made public. 
  She thought those were behind her. She hadn't even thought about them for a 
  long time. What was she going to do? 
  
  "Am I making myself clear Mrs. C." 
  
  "I don't understand" whispered Mary, hoping to find a way out of this situation. 
  "I'm your teacher, you can't treat me this way." 
  
  "It is very simple Mrs. C. If you don't do everything I tell you, you won't 
  be anybody's teacher, wife or mother. Understand Mrs. C." 
  
  "And how long does this blackmail last?" 
  
  "As long as I want it to Mrs. C. Enough talk. Stand up straight Mrs. C. Hands 
  at your side. Look straight ahead and don't move. Don't say anything." ordered 
  Lisa. 
  
  Not knowing what else to do and not wanting to anger her demanding student, 
  Mary stood at attention. 
  
  Lisa moved around the desk and slowly circled the trembling teacher. Man this 
  is going to be some senior year, she thought. "You understand to refuse me anything 
  and you are ruined", Lisa said as she stared into her English teacher's teary 
  eyes. 
  
  "Yes Lisa." She didn't know what else to do. She was trapped by her past and 
  couldn't ruin her future. A tear slowly rolled down her cheek. 
  
  "Ms. Simon to you" 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon I understand." 
  
  Lisa moved back behind the teacher desk sitting in the teacher's chair. "Unbutton 
  your blouse Mrs. C." 
  
  Mary hesitated. "Please don't do this Lisa," she pleaded. 
  
  Jumping up Lisa came around the desk and slapped her teacher hard on the cheek. 
  "Ms. Simon bitch. DO it NOW" 
  
  Mary was frozen in her spot. She couldn't move. 
  
  "Ok, the pictures will be distributed to everyone by Monday" Lisa turned and 
  headed for the door. 
  
  "Wait" shouted Mary. 
  
  Lisa paused and turned to face the frightened teacher. "Yes". 
  
  "Please Lisa don't do this. I'll give you money. Please." begged the sobbing 
  teacher. 
  
  "Good bye Mrs. C." said Lisa as she calmly turned to the door. 
  
  "Please Lisa, Ms. Simon, I'll do it. Please don't leave." screamed the panicked 
  teacher. 
  
  Lisa stopped at the door and turned to face the beaten teacher. "Well?" 
  
  Mary's hands moved to the buttons on her blouse. Slowly she began unbuttoning 
  her blouse from the neck down. Her face was red and tear streaked. 
  
  "Take it off" demanded Lisa as she moved back to the desk. 
  
  Mary removed her blouse and placed it on the desk. She stood before her student 
  with her blouse off wondering how far this would go. 
  
  "Now the bra Mrs. C." 
  
  Mary reached behind her back and opened the clasp on her bra. She allowed the 
  straps to slowly slide down her arms as her firm 35c breasts came into view. 
  As she moved to place the bra on the desk with her blouse Lisa told her "Put 
  it in the garbage you won't be needing it anymore." 
  
  Naked to the waist the cowering teacher stood before her student. She was beyond 
  further embarrassment. How did she let herself get in this position? Why had 
  I posed for those pictures in college? 
  
  "Now Mrs. C. I want your skirt on the desk" 
  
  Without thinking Mary opened her skirt and slid it down her legs. She stepped 
  out of it and placed in on the desk next to her blouse. 
  
  "Well Mrs. C. I see we are going to have to improve your undergarment selection. 
  Get those ugly panties and pantyhose off this instant." 
  
  Stung by the harsh words of her student Mary removed her panties and pantyhose. 
  
  
  "In the garbage." 
  
  The once demanding senior English teacher now stood naked in her classroom before 
  her 18 year old student. She saw no way out of this situation. What will be 
  next she wondered?" 
  
  "Back at attention Mrs. C. Hands at your sides." Lisa came around the desk in 
  front of the frightened teacher. She reaches out and pinches the teacher's nipples. 
  "Kind of stiff Mrs. C. Do you like this?" 
  
  Mary remained silent. She felt some excitement at this treatment but she could 
  never admit it. 
  
  Lisa pinched harder on her swollen nipples until Mrs. C. groaned, "Answer me 
  Mrs. C." 
  
  "No I don't like this." Mary lied. Well she didn't like it but she was unexplainable 
  excited by it. 
  
  Lisa abruptly released Mrs. C.'s nipples. "I think you are lying to me and you 
  will be punished for that. I understand from Amy that your husband is out of 
  town and I know she left for a camp retreat after school so I have you all to 
  myself this weekend." 
  
  A shiver went through Mary as Lisa's word sank into her numb brain. 
  
  "I will be spending the weekend at your house Mrs. C. By Monday you should fully 
  understand my requirements. Put your skirt, blouse and shoes on Mrs. C. Leave 
  the top two buttons open on your blouse." 
  
  Mary almost felt more naked dress this way. Her breasts while firm still moved 
  under her thin blouse. Her nipples threatened to poke twin holes in the material. 
  She had never been out of her house without panties and the air moving over 
  her damp pussy made her feel very naked. 
  
  "Let's go to your place Mrs. C. Leave the panties, bra and pantyhose in the 
  trash for Bubba the janitor. Bring your paddle home with you." 
  
  Mary had never used the paddle but she kept one. It was two feet long made of 
  shiny hard wood. 
  
  The two moved to the door to begin their adventure. 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 2 
  
  When Lisa got to the door she turned and told Mary, "Follow two steps behind 
  and act normal." 
  
  How could she act normal. Her nipples were rubbing on her blouse with every 
  step, her pussy was bare under her skirt and much to her dismay, becoming more 
  moist by the minute. With the buttons open as Lisa had ordered she was showing 
  more cleavage than she felt was acceptable. "Yes Ms. Simon," she replied. 
  
  Lisa opened the door and lead the defeated teacher through the halls of the 
  school into the parking lot. Mrs. C.'s car was parked in the middle of the now 
  almost empty lot. "Give me the keys," demanded Lisa. 
  
  Lisa climbed behind the wheel and Mary got into the passenger side. "Slide your 
  skirt up Mrs. C." 
  
  Mary slide her skirt up to mid thigh. 
  
  "Higher." 
  
  Mary slide her skirt higher so that it barely covered her very moist pussy. 
  
  
  Lisa started the car and began driving toward Mrs. C.'s house about 20 minutes 
  away. "We have to make one stop at Walmart on the way home" 
  
  Mary heart sank as she prayed Lisa would not make her go into the store with 
  her breasts free and pussy bare. 
  
  "Tell me Mrs. C., what sort of sex toys do you have at home?" 
  
  Mary couldn't believe her student had asked her this. "I have a vibrator Ms. 
  Simon" 
  
  "Anything else?" 
  
  "That's all Ms. Simon." 
  
  Lisa pulled the car into the Walmart parking lot. This was a super Walmart with 
  a grocery store as well as the department store. "Lets go Mrs. C. we have some 
  shopping to do. Remember two steps behind." 
  
  Mary slide her skirt down her legs and climbed out of the car. The air was chilly 
  which added to the hardening of her nipples. Lisa didn't allow her to put on 
  her jacket. She moved quickly to follow the young athletic student across the 
  lot. 
  
  " Do you have cash or credit cards with you Mrs. C.?" 
  
  "Yes Lisa, I have both." 
  
  Lisa stopped in her tracks and turned to the teacher. "What did you call me?" 
  
  
  "Li...I'm sorry Ms. Simon." 
  
  "Open another button." 
  
  "Please Ms. Simon. I'm sorry." 
  
  "Do you want it to be two more buttons?" 
  
  "No!" answered Mary as she opened the third button on her blouse. If she moved 
  too quickly she knew she would expose her bare breast. She knew she would have 
  to move carefully. 
  
  "Get a cart Mrs. C." ordered Lisa as they entered the store. 
  
  Mary did as ordered and followed Lisa through the store to the pet department. 
  "Lets get a collar for my new pet. Try this one on," said Lisa handing Mary 
  a white dog collar with rhinestones on it. 
  
  "Here???" 
  
  "Mrs. C. I do not like to repeat myself. If you don't want to do what I tell 
  you, you can go home and I will see that the pictures are distributed by Monday. 
  Now try on the collar." 
  
  Looking around Mary quickly placed the collar around her neck. "It fits Ms. 
  Simon." 
  
  "Lets be sure...buckle it." 
  
  Mary buckled the collar around her neck. It did fit. 
  
  "Now a leash said Lisa. Reach up and get the red one Mrs. C." 
  
  Mary reached up to remove the collar before anyone saw her. 
  
  Lisa smacked her hands. "Leave it on." 
  
  Mary reached up with her stinging hand to get the leash. She realized stretching 
  up made her bare breasts pop out of her opened blouse. Reaching down with one 
  hand and closing her blouse while reaching up for the leash got her another 
  smack on the hand. "Do not touch that blouse Mrs. C." 
  
  Lisa clipped the leash to the white collar. "Looks very nice. Put them in the 
  basket." said Lisa as she moved off. 
  
  Mary struggled to get the collar off and follow Lisa without anyone seeing her 
  and without Lisa getting angry because she was too far behind. 
  
  Lisa moved to the hardware department and placed two, 4 foot long 1" dowel rods 
  into the cart along with a package of eye screws and fifty feet of clothes line. 
  
  
  Then to the grocery section where Lisa placed three cucumbers, a bag of carrots, 
  a container of chili powder and a box of popsicle into the cart. 
  
  Mary was getting more and more nervous as she looked over the contents of the 
  cart. 
  
  "One more stop" said Lisa as she moved off to the housewares section. Here she 
  placed a package of clothes pins in the cart along with four 12" taper candles 
  and two large chip bag clamps. 
  
  "I'll meet you at the car," said Lisa leaving Mary standing there. "Don't be 
  long." 
  
  Mary went to the check out. While all of the items individually were innocent, 
  Mary was very embarrassed because she knew they were all to be used in some 
  way on her. She was also very aware of the display she was making with her blouse 
  open as it was. She paid with a red face, unbelievably soaked pussy and swollen 
  nipples. 
  
  Mary put the items in the trunk and climbed into the car. "Skirt." said Lisa. 
  
  
  Mary quickly slide her skirt up to barely below her pussy as before. 
  
  "Lets stop for dinner," said Lisa. "What are you hungry for?" 
  
  "I'm not hungry." 
  
  Slap. "Ms. Simon!!!!!!!" 
  
  "Ow..... Sorry Ms. Simon." 
  
  "Slide your skirt up further. You must understand you will lose something every 
  time you fail to please me. And of course you know what happens if you totally 
  refuse to obey." Lisa drove out of the parking lot as Mary slide her skirt up 
  higher so that her pussy was exposed. Her face was beet red. She felt like a 
  child being punished for being bad. 
  
  Mary rode in silence as Lisa drove toward her house. She knew she was lost but 
  she had no other choice. She began to panic as Lisa pulled into Wendy's drive 
  through line. 
  
  "Don't touch that skirt Mrs. C. What do you want to eat?" 
  
  "Nothing Ms. Simon." 
  
  The humiliated teacher shrank into her seat as Lisa ordered a chicken sandwich, 
  fries, and two chocolate frostys. When they got to the window to pay Lisa reached 
  her hand to Mrs. C. for money. Mrs. C. quickly dug in her purse and handed Lisa 
  money hoping they didn't recognize her. Since it was getting dark the clerk 
  really couldn't see anything but Mary almost died when she said, "Hi Mrs. Clark." 
  The clerk knew the car. 
  
  "Hi", responded Mary as she wanted to crawl under the seat. 
  
  Lisa pulled into the lot and parked in a dark corner and began to eat her sandwich. 
  "Open your blouse all the way Mrs. C." 
  
  With slight hesitation the Mary opened her blouse and exposed her bare breasts. 
  "While I eat my dinner I want you to entertain me by coating your breasts with 
  this chocolate frosty. Be careful not to get any on your beautiful blouse." 
  
  
  The humiliated teacher sat in the Wendy's parking lot, Blouse open and breasts 
  bared with her senior English student and rubbed the ice cold chocolate frosty 
  all over her breasts. Mary wanted to please the teen because she had demonstrated 
  her progressive discipline plan. The freezing milkshake caused her nipples to 
  harden to the point of being painful."Put some on your pussy too." 
  
  The teachers fingers dipped into the frosty and she smeared it all over her 
  pussy. "Inside too Mrs. C." 
  
  Her breath began to come in short gasps as the cold frosty stimulated her hot 
  pussy. Her fingers had a mind of their own. This went on for fifteen minutes 
  while Lisa calmly ate her dinner and the teacher played with herself and became 
  hotter and hotter much to her dismay. 
  
  Just as she was approaching her peak thankfully Lisa told her to stop and lick 
  her fingers clean. "Don't touch anything" ordered Lisa as she started the car. 
  
  
  Mary sat there bare to the waist with her pussy now clearly visible and everything 
  was sticky. She was sucking her fingers clean as ordered by her student. The 
  taste of pussy and chocolate frosty almost made her throw-up. She was thankful 
  she was had not orgasmed in front of her student in such a humiliating way but 
  she had a fire in her pussy that wanted to be satisfied. 
  
  They turned up into Mary's driveway. Her house was set back from the road on 
  a secluded lot. The back yard was surrounded by a high wooden fence and there 
  was little traffic on the road. 
  
  Parking in front of the garage Lisa said, " Bring in the stuff and meet me in 
  the bathroom Mrs. C. You're a mess. 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 3 
  
  Lisa got out of the car and went into the teacher's house leaving the humiliated 
  teacher in the car with her blouse open and skirt around her waist covered in 
  sticky dried chocolate frosty. 
  
  Lisa had warned her not to get any chocolate on her clothes so she couldn't 
  cover herself. Lisa was already in the house waiting for her. Looking around 
  Mary knew she could make it to the porch without being seen unless someone happened 
  to be driving down the road. She quickly opened the car door and with her bare 
  ass showing and her blouse flapping she ran to the front door. LOCKED!! 
  
  Mary began ringing the door bell and pounding on the door. As a cool breeze 
  caresses her totally exposed private parts she was become more and more frantic 
  as she pounded on the door. "Please Ms. Simon let me in." 
  
  Lisa stood behind the locked door watching the frantic teacher pound on the 
  door and beg to be allowed into her own house. She had another surprise for 
  the teacher when she finally opened the door after allowing her to beg for about 
  five minutes. 
  
  Lisa opened the door and quickly flashed a picture of the frantic teacher. FLASH 
  "Where are the packages Mrs. C.? Go get them and use the back door." ordered 
  Lisa slamming the door in the shocked teachers face. 
  
  Damn thought Mary as she ran back to the car knowing she had been lucky no one 
  had driven by so far. Quickly gathering the packages and her paddle from school 
  Mary ran to the back gate. As she fumbled with the latch on the gate with her 
  arms filled with packages she heard the sound of an approaching vehicle. Just 
  as she got the gate open a pickup truck appeared traveling down the road. Mary 
  quickly ducked behind the fence hoping no one had seen her. 
  
  When she reached the back door it was open and she went in finding Lisa standing 
  in her kitchen. "Lisa I don't want any pictures." 
  
  SLAP. "How many times must I tell you to call your superiors by their proper 
  name. And I don't care what you want," responded Lisa. "Now take everything 
  up to your bedroom and meet me in the bathroom. Hurry." 
  
  Mary quickly climbed the stair to her bedroom. She left everything on the bed 
  and headed to the bathroom. When she entered the bathroom and found Lisa sitting 
  near the double sinks. The shower was running and the bathroom was warm and 
  comfortable. 
  
  "Take off your clothes Mrs.. C and take a quick shower. Leave the door open." 
  
  
  Mary slipped off her blouse and skirt and stepped out of her shoes. She stepped 
  into the warm stinging shower. Picking up the soap Mary began to wash the sticky 
  mess from her body. 
  
  "Soap your breast more Mrs. C." ordered Lisa. 
  
  Mary blushed as her hands moved to her breasts and massaged more soap into her 
  soft skin. FLASH 
  
  " Now Mrs. C. be sure to get all the mess out of your pussy" 
  
  Mary's hands slid down and soaped her pubic area. She worked her fingers into 
  her pussy to be sure she got everything out. FLASH An electric shock went through 
  her body as her finger brushed her clit. What is wrong with me she thought as 
  she quickly pulled her fingers away. 
  
  With a knowing smile Lisa ordered her teacher to turn off the shower and step 
  out. "Sit up here on the counter Mrs. C." 
  
  Mary climbed up on to the counter wondering what next? 
  
  "Spread your legs as wide as you can Mrs. C. " 
  
  Mary was shocked but moved her legs open slightly. 
  
  "Mrs. C. I said as wide as you can do you want me to get your paddle?" 
  
  Mary reluctantly spread her legs wide apart. 
  
  "Hold that pose Mrs. C." FLASH 
  
  Lisa pulled her chair between her teacher wide spread legs. She reached for 
  a razor and shaving cream which Mary had not noticed. 
  
  "Please Ms. Simon don't do this to me." begged the teacher. "This is evil." 
  
  
  "Shut up Mrs. C." said Lisa as she covered her luscious pubs with shaving cream. 
  
  
  The touch made her jump. Mary had never been touched there by another woman 
  and the touch was so much different than her husband's groping. 
  
  Lisa worked the shaving cream into the thick bush. 
  
  Mary felt her nipple stiffen and a very warm feeling flowed through her body 
  as Lisa slowly and carefully slid the razor through her womanly hair. Over and 
  over the razor moved over her pussy. Lisa was touching and pulling her teachers 
  pussy as she shaved it entirely bare. When all the hair was gone Lisa took a 
  warm washcloth and cleaned away the remaining shaving cream. 
  
  Lisa stepped back. "Smile Mrs. C. " FLASH "Spread your pussy lips Mrs. C." 
  
  Mary knew she had no choice as she reach her hands down and spread her pussy 
  lips open for her demanding student. FLASH 
  
  "Mrs. C. is your pussy dripping?" asked Lisa as she saw the moisture in her 
  teacher's spread pussy. Lisa held a mirror for her humiliated teacher, "Here 
  take a close look Mrs. C." 
  
  Mary looked at her bare wet pussy and cried with humiliation. She looked so 
  strange and her body was betraying her. 
  
  "I expect you to keep it looking like this all the time. Do you understand?" 
  
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon", sobbed the teacher. 
  
  "Now sit down here", said Lisa motioning to a chair. 
  
  "Your not going to shave my head are you? cried the panicked teacher. 
  
  "Of course not Mrs. C. just a nice hair cut. Cutting hair is a hobby of mine 
  and I think you will look sexier with a shorter style." Lisa picked up a comb 
  and scissors and Mary"s shoulder length hair began to fall to the floor. Mary 
  couldn't see what was happening but a lot of hair was coming off. 
  
  After about ten minutes of cutting and clipping Lisa ordered Mary to look in 
  the mirror. She didn't even recognize herself. She looked ten years younger 
  and with the shaved pussy very hot. She couldn't believe her eyes. FLASH 
  
  Lisa handed Mary the collar. "Put this on Mrs. C.." This is to be with you at 
  all times. If you are alone you are to be wearing it and when you are not alone 
  it must be in your purse in case I want you to put it on. 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon" answered the confused teacher as she buckled the collar around 
  her neck. FLASH 
  
  Lisa attached her leash to Mary's collar. "Give a tour of your home Mrs. C." 
  
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon" answered the collared teacher moving toward the door. 
  
  She was stopped short of the door by the leash. "On your knees Mrs. C." 
  
  Mary dropped to her knees. 
  
  "Now give me the tour." 
  
  The humiliated teacher turned and began crawling though the bedroom door on 
  the end of a leash held by one of her students. How she wished she had never 
  posed for those pictures. 
  
  "Lets start in the basement and work our way back to here Mrs. C." ordered Lisa 
  now that she was in total control. 
  
  Mary carefully negotiated her way down two flights of stairs into the basement. 
  Crawling down steps was difficult. Once they got into the basement the concrete 
  in the area beyond the finished portion was cold and hard. Mrs. C. was shivering 
  in her naked state. 
  
  Lisa left her kneeling there while she examined the area for possible use later. 
  When she finished Lisa ordered her into the finished area. Lisa looked around 
  and the ordered her teacher to crawl up the stairs. 
  
  Following her teacher up the steps she admired her swaying breasts and enjoyed 
  watching her ass as she crawled up the stairs. "Your ass moves nicely Mrs. C." 
  
  
  Mary wanted to become invisible. She had never been so embarrassed in her life. 
  It just kept getting worse and worse as she followed the orders of her student 
  who had under her control. 
  
  A quick tour of the first floor with the teacher crawling from room to room 
  was further humiliation for the teacher. "Let's see the garage Mrs. C." 
  
  She crawled into the garage on the end of her leash. Lisa again left her in 
  the center of the garage. She examined the garage in detail as her teacher was 
  shivering in the center of her cold unheated garage. Lisa found the button to 
  open the garage door and push it causing the door to open. Lisa tossed the car 
  keys to Mary and ordered, "Crawl out and drive the car into the garage. 
  
  Mary picked up the keys and crawled out of the safety of her garage into her 
  driveway and up into her car. She drove the car into the garage and crawled 
  out as Lisa left the door open. "Mrs. C. you are shivering. Don't you like the 
  cool fall air?" 
  
  "I am very sensitive to cold Ms. Simon" 
  
  "So I see," said Lisa reaching and pinching Mary's stiff nipple. 
  
  "Let's go upstairs now Mrs. C." 
  
  The teacher was aware that she would again be displaying her charms as the she 
  crawled up the stairs before her student. She wished there was a way to avoid 
  this but she knew there wasn't. She crawled up the stairs. 
  
  Mary lead Lisa into the two guest rooms first and the into her daughter Amy's 
  room. Lisa spent quite a bit of time looking through Amy's room. She checked 
  her draws, closet and her shoe rack while the uncomfortable teacher knelt quietly 
  by the door. 
  
  "Lets go back to your room Mrs. C.' I want to look through your clothes too." 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 4 
  
  As they entered bedroom Lisa ordered the collared teacher to kneel in the center 
  of the room. Lisa proceeded one drawer at a time to go through all the drawers 
  in the room. Some of the drawers contained clothes of her husband's which Lisa 
  paid very little attention to. In the first of Mrs. C.'s drawers were panties 
  and bras. All of these were dumped on the bed and after going though them Lisa 
  threw all of them on the floor. "These all go Mrs. C." 
  
  Mary was very embarrassed to be kneeling watching a relative stranger go through 
  her most intimate things. 
  
  The next drawer contained garter belts, girdles, stocking, pantyhose and socks. 
  All the pantyhose were thrown on the pile on the floor. One girdle, which was 
  a size smaller than the others, was kept while the others were thrown on the 
  pile. The garter belts, stockings, socks and girdle were replaced in the drawer. 
  
  
  The next drawer contained t-shirts and shorts for the gym. Lisa ordered Mary 
  to stand and try on each pair of shorts and the t-shirts. She kept three t-shirts 
  and two pairs of shorts and the rest went on to the pile on the floor. 
  
  The forth drawer was for sweaters. Again Mary was required to try on each sweater 
  and only three of the tightest were put back in the drawer. 
  
  The last drawer was night gowns and robes. These were all thrown on the floor 
  except for a tiny Victoria's Secret ensemble which Mary said had been purchased 
  by her husband for her. Lisa had Mary put it on. 
  
  It was very tight fitting over her 35c breasts and hardly held them in, while 
  the bottom was a thong type garment which disappeared the crack of her nicely 
  rounded ass. The front panel was very narrow and the outline of the lips of 
  her bare pussy were clearly visible. It actually made her feel more naked dressed 
  this way than when she was actually naked. FLASH 
  
  Mary had her strip again and put the outfit back in the drawer. Then she moved 
  to the shoe rack on the back of the door and began going through her shoes. 
  All flats were immediately added to the pile. When she was finished there were 
  three pairs of heels. One pair of 3" black , one pair of 3" brown, and one pair 
  of 3" red. "Are these all of your shoes Mrs. C.?" 
  
  Mary replied," There are some gym shoes in the bottom of the closet and several 
  shoe boxes on the shelf in the closet Ms. Simon". 
  
  Lisa moved to the closet and quickly sorted the gym shoes, keeping two pair 
  and add the rest to the pile. The shoe boxes added one pair of 3" sandals to 
  the shoe rack and one pair 4" white heels, and a pair of 5" black spike heels. 
  "Mrs. C. where did you get these?" 
  
  I wore them with a Halloween costume last year Ms. Simon and they hurt my feet 
  the whole night." 
  
  "Put them on now," said Lisa tossing them to the kneeling teacher. "Now stand 
  up Mrs. C." 
  
  Mary stood and on wobbling legs blushed as her student moved slowly around her 
  examining her from every angle.. 
  
  "They look very nice Mrs. C. They make your long legs even more shapely and 
  they really cause your ass to be more inviting. Walk around." 
  
  Mary carefully moved around the room. She felt like she was parading like some 
  kind of prostitute. She was aware of her ass swaying from side to side as she 
  attempted to walk in the impossibly high heels. Her breasts bounced slightly 
  with each step. Her feet hurt immediately and much to her dismay, she felt a 
  stirring in her bare pussy. 'What is wrong with me' her mind screamed. "Ms. 
  Simon, I can't walk in these." 
  
  Don't worry Mrs. C. you will be getting a lot of practice. Stand over here next 
  to me Mrs. C.", said Mary as she began going through Mary's clothes in the closet. 
  
  
  Lisa had Mary try on many things from her closet and many were added to the 
  pile while a few were returned to hangers and several skirts, blouses and jackets 
  were placed in a separate pile on the chair. Her make up was next and only very 
  bright shades dark shades were kept, all the rest went on the pile, which was 
  quite large by now. 
  
  The last place to be gone through was the night stand next to the bed. Mary 
  had hoped Lisa wouldn't go through that because her vibrator was in that drawer 
  along with a very sexy book she had been reading. No one had ever seen the vibrator, 
  not even her husband. She had ordered it from a catalog about two years ago 
  and kept in safely hidden in the drawer. With Mary standing at her side Lisa 
  opened the drawer. She removed several items like flashlight, hair clips, birth 
  control; pills etc. until she got to the back and she pulled out the book. "The 
  Story of O". Lisa tossed the book aside for the moment not knowing its contents 
  and reached in and pulled out her teacher's vibrator. Flicking the switch it 
  came to life. "Do you use this often Mrs. C.?" asked the smiling teenager. 
  
  "Only when my husband is away Ms. Simon." 
  
  "How often do you use it when he is away ?" demanded Lisa. 
  
  "Almost every night", replied the crimson teacher. 
  
  "Lay on the bed and show me how you use it Mrs. C.", said Lisa as she took a 
  seat at the end of the bed. 
  
  Her hands couldn't move, they were frozen and her mind refused to allow her 
  to obey. This was too much. 
  
  "MRS. C." 
  
  Jarring her mind from the deep freeze Mary begged. "Please Ms. Simon, I can't 
  do this." 
  
  "Can't or won't Mrs. C.?" 
  
  "I can't " 
  
  "Either you do it or I'm out of here with the old AND the new pictures. Your 
  little secret is public knowledge by Monday." 
  
  The stunned teacher slowly moves the vibrator to her mound. Keeping her legs 
  closed she moves the vibrator slowly over her stomach and thighs. 
  
  "Come on Mrs. C. open those legs and let me see you in action." 
  
  Mary tries to concentrate. With her husband out of town so much her vibrator 
  has become her main source of pleasure. She slowly spreads her legs and slides 
  her vibrator over her bare pussy. FLASH 
  
  A shudder passes through the masturbating teacher as she realizes her fate is 
  sealed. She closed her eyes and began sliding the vibrator up and down her wet 
  slit. With her other hand she massages her breasts and begins to pinch her nipples. 
  FLASH 
  
  Her body has a mind of its own now as her hands work over her breasts and slide 
  the vibrator deep into her dripping hole. FLASH. Her pussy feels so different 
  being shaved and the sensations caused by the vibrator seemed more intense than 
  ever. Her breathing becomes faster and her hands are now pinching and twisting 
  her swollen nipples. The vibrator moves faster and faster in and out over her 
  clit. FLASH 
  
  She feels her juices running out of her pussy and down the crack of her ass 
  over her asshole. Her nipples are pulled and twisted away from her body as she 
  begins to raise her hips to get the vibrator deeper into her pussy. FLASH 
  
  Her body is covered with perspiration . Her eyes are closed. The vibrator is 
  slamming in and out of her swollen pussy. She forgets completely her predicament 
  and her entire mind centers on the vibrating plastic sliding in and out of her 
  hole. FLASH. In and Out. In and Out. 
  
  Suddenly Lisa reaches out and pulls the vibrator form her teacher's pulsing 
  pussy. 
  
  "Whatttttt" 
  
  " Mrs. C. I want your to understand that you are totally under my control. When 
  you cum, when you eat, when you use the bathroom, what you wear, where you go, 
  everything about your life is now under my control. With these pictures I really 
  own you, body and soul. Do you understand Mrs. C. ?" 
  
  Suddenly the totality of her situation falls heavily on her. Her life is ruined. 
  She no longer controls herself. All because of her youthful stupidity. 
  
  "Don't worry Mrs. C. as long as you do everything I tell you this will be between 
  us. Of course if you displease me I might be forced to show these new pictures 
  to someone." 
  
  "I'm yours Ms. Simon just please don't let anyone see those pictures", begged 
  the defeated, horny teacher. 
  
  "Now Mrs. C. I want you to clean up the mess in the bathroom, pack all the clothes 
  and things on the floor and take them to the basement, then fix me something 
  to eat. You only need to set one place at the table and keep your heels on at 
  all times." 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon." 
  
  One more thing Mrs. C., don't you dare touch yourself, ever, without my permission. 
  You have already earned some punishment by forgetting to show proper respect 
  earlier. 
  
  "Now get moving, " said Lisa picking up the discarded book and going down to 
  the living room. 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 5 
  
  Lisa went down to the living room and made herself comfortable. She turned on 
  the TV and put the book on the table next to the couch. 
  
  Mary made her way to the bathroom and cleaned up all the hair and wiped down 
  the sink and counter. She was very frustrated and wanted to finish what she 
  had started but she was afraid of Lisa. Lisa had shown no signs of compassion 
  and Mary did not want to anger her. Her feet were really started to hurt in 
  these ridiculous heels but again she had to wear them. 
  
  After cleaning the bathroom she moved to her bedroom which was piled with her 
  clothes and other personal items. She didn't have any boxes or anything so she 
  had to go down the stairs to the kitchen to get garbage bags. 
  
  "How is it coming Mrs. C.?" yelled Lisa from the living room. "Don't be too 
  long I'm getting hungry." Mary hurried back up the stairs and threw all her 
  things in garbage bags. There were six bags. That meant 3 trips all the way 
  to the basement. 'My poor feet," thought Mary. 
  
  After making the three trips Mary's feet were throbbing in the 5" heels but 
  she moved on to the kitchen. 'What would Lisa like to eat?' wondered the horny 
  teacher. All teenagers love hamburgers and French fries. so she made two burgers 
  and a batch of fries. As she cooked she realized that she was hungry too. Mary 
  went to set the table and remembered that Lisa had said only one plate. ' Where 
  will I eat?' thought Mary. When dinner was prepared and one place set Mary called 
  Lisa to the kitchen. "Ms. Simon dinner is ready." 
  
  As Lisa entered the kitchen she saw her once respected teacher standing naked 
  next to the table ready to serve her dinner. It brought a smile to her face. 
  "Stand here next to me Mrs. C. while I eat.," said Lisa as she sat down at the 
  table. 
  
  The hungry teacher stood on painful feet next to Lisa as she began to eat the 
  delicious smelling food. 
  
  "Get me a coke Mrs. C." 
  
  "I only have Pepsi Ms. Simon." 
  
  "From now on buy Coke." 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon." 
  
  "This is pretty good Mrs. C. Would you like a fry?" 
  
  "Yes please Ms. Simon." 
  
  "Spread your legs." 
  
  A confused Mary cautiously spread her legs. 
  
  Lisa took a French fry and slid it between Mary's legs through her pussy. Then 
  she moved it to Mary's lips. "Here Mrs. C." 
  
  The shocked teacher held her lips closed as she turned red at the intimate touch 
  of her student and the thought of what she is being asked to do. 
  
  "Open wide Mrs. C. Now." 
  
  Mary opened her mouth and Lisa stuffed the soaked French fry in. "Now chew Mrs. 
  C." 
  
  The horrified teacher tried not to throw up as she chewed the pussy dipped fry. 
  
  
  "Here Mrs. C. you dip the next one" 
  
  In a daze Mary took the fry from Lisa and slid it through her pussy (FLASH) 
  and then put it in her mouth. 
  
  "Want some burger Mrs. C.?" 
  
  "No," whispered the defeated teacher shaking her head violently from side to 
  side. 
  
  "Here you go " said Lisa handing her teacher a large piece of hamburger. "Dip 
  it first Mrs. C." 
  
  Mary did as she was ordered but she was very near to throwing up from the taste 
  and the humiliation of having to do this disgusting thing. 
  
  "Clean up Mrs. C. and meet me in the living room. Bring a measuring tape, paper 
  and pencil. And don't be all day." 
  
  Mary quickly cleaned up and getting a tape, pencil and paper from the drawer 
  went into the living room. 
  
  "Stand here in front of me," said Lisa as she watch her naked teacher move across 
  the room. 
  
  Taking the tape she began to take her teacher's measurements . "Write down what 
  I tell you Mrs. C." 
  
  Taking her measurements. "Chest, 35; Waist, 23; Hips, 33. Not bad Mrs. C." Then 
  Lisa said "Spread your legs Mrs. C." Reaching into the V formed by her teacher's 
  spread legs Lisa measured Mary's in seam to a point three inches above Mary's 
  knee. "Length 9" 
  
  "Mrs. C. tomorrow you are to take all of the skirts and dress we put on the 
  chair upstairs and shorten the to a length of 9". You are also to remove the 
  top button on all the blouses and dresses which we saved." 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon." 
  
  "Tell me Mrs. C. did you like your dinner?" 
  
  " No Ms. Simon I did not like it." 
  
  "Too bad. You better learn to like that taste Mrs. C." 
  
  "Is your husband good in bed Mrs. C.?" 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon." 
  
  Mary was very embarrassed discussing her husband and their sex lives with a 
  student. 
  
  "Does he fuck you in the ass Mrs. C.?" 
  
  "Absolutely not. I have never had anything in my ass." 
  
  Lisa smiled. "Do you like sex Mrs. C.? 
  
  The naked teacher standing before her fully dress student couldn't believe Lisa 
  was asking her these questions. " Yes Ms. Simon." 
  
  "Do you suck you husband's cock Mrs. C.?" 
  
  With a very red face, "Yes," whispered the embarrassed teacher. 
  
  "Do you like it?" 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon." 
  
  "Do you swallow his cum?" 
  
  "No that's disgusting. Please don't ask me these questions." 
  
  "Have you every cheated on your husband?" 
  
  "No" 
  
  "Before you were married how many men fucked you Mrs. C.?" 
  
  Standing naked with a shaved pussy now very wet, Mary mentally counted her sex 
  partners. "3". 
  
  "Did you suck them too Mrs. C.?" 
  
  "Yes." 
  
  "You like to suck cock Mrs. C.?" 
  
  "No, but they wanted it and I loved them." 
  
  "But you really like to suck cock don't you Mrs. C.?" 
  
  "Yes," whisper Mary. 
  
  "Have you ever had sex with more than one person at a time?" 
  
  "NO" 
  
  "Have you had sex with a woman?" 
  
  "No. I think that is terrible" 
  
  "Have you ever kissed a woman?" 
  
  "No" 
  
  The questioning went on for over an hour. 
  
  "I'm really tired Mrs. C. and we have a big day tomorrow. You will be expanding 
  your horizons. Lets go upstairs." 
  
  When they got into the bedroom Lisa noticed the stuff they had bought at the 
  store. "Take the carrots and cucumbers to the fridge and hurry back." While 
  Mary was off doing that Lisa cut 2 two foot sections of rope and screwed eye 
  screws into the end of one of the dowel rods and one in the center. When Mary 
  came back Lisa ordered her to kneel on the floor. Then Lisa had Mary reach between 
  her legs and she tied each wrist to ankle. This forced Mary face down into the 
  carpet and put her ass high in the air. She then attached each ankle to the 
  end of the dowel rod spreading her legs wide. "Now Mrs. C this position serves 
  two purposes. I don't want you to be playing with yourself tonight and I am 
  going to use your paddle on your ass so that you remember to show me the proper 
  respect and obey without question." 
  
  Lisa picked up the paddle. SMACK. "One." 
  
  "Owwww. Please Ms. Simon I'm sorry" 
  
  SMACK "Two". 
  
  Her ass was on fire. Tears popped from her eyes. "Pleaseeeeeeee" 
  
  SMACK "Three." 
  
  "OOOOOOwwwwwwwwwww" 
  
  Lisa smiled as her teacher's ass reddened. 
  
  SMACK "Four" SMACK "Five". 
  
  "That's all for tonight Mrs. C. Thank me for teaching you respect." 
  
  "Thank you Ms. Simon." sobbed a broken humiliated teacher with a hot burning 
  ass. 
  
  Lisa moved to the bed, removed her clothes and climbed in leaving her teacher 
  tied and sobbing on the floor. 
  
  "Good night Mrs. C." 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 6 
  
  Lisa woke up around 8:30 to the sound of her teacher whimpering from the floor 
  next to the bed. Getting up and walking around the bed she found Mary sitting 
  against the bed with her knees pulled up and spread wide with her wrists tied 
  to her ankles. Her eyes were red and her face was tear streaked. "What's wrong 
  Mrs. C.?" 
  
  Mary looked up and saw Lisa's naked body for the first time. She thought she 
  was beautiful. About 5'4"...not much over 100#. Her breasts were about 34b and 
  she had a narrow waist and slim hips. "I can't do this Lisa. It is too much 
  for me to bear. Most everyone will understand why I posed for those pictures." 
  
  
  "Well Mrs. C. lets look at these pictures," said Lisa as she moved to the night 
  stand for the Polaroids. " Now I wonder how you will explain this one," said 
  Lisa showing Mary a picture of her spreading the lips of her newly shaven pussy. 
  " And how about this one. I bet you can explain it too," Lisa said showing her 
  the picture of her masturbating with her vibrator. The look on her face proved 
  she was enjoying every bit of it. 
  
  Mary knew she was lost and broke into wracking sobs. Her breasts heaving as 
  she lost control of herself. 
  
  "Now Mrs. C. what do you want to do?" 
  
  "Please Lisa don't show those to anyone. I will do as you ask." 
  
  "Well first I guess you didn't learn respect yesterday so we will start the 
  day with a reminder." Lisa grabbed the end of the dowel rod and turned the sobbing 
  teacher over onto her knee with her face back in carpet. 
  
  "Please Ms. Simon. I'm sorry. I'll do better I promise." 
  
  "I should hope so Mrs. C. but you do deserve to be punished don't you?" 
  
  Mary didn't know what to say. She wanted to please this demented student but 
  she didn't want to paddled again. 
  
  "Mrs. C. you do deserve to be punished isn't that correct?" 
  
  In a soft whimpering voice,"Yes Ms. Simon." 
  
  "Good. Then beg me to paddle your ass so you can learn to be more respectful." 
  
  
  "Please Ms. Simon, paddle my ass," sobbed the defeated teacher. 
  
  How many swats do you think you deserve Mrs. C.? 
  
  "Don't make me do this. Just get it over with." 
  
  "How Many Mrs. C.? 
  
  "One', said the embarrassed teacher. 
  
  "I think three is more in order but since you said one we will make it four. 
  Count each one Mrs. C." 
  
  SWAT 
  
  "One" shouted Mary. 
  
  SWAT 
  
  "TWO" cried the tied kneeling teacher. There was no escape. 
  
  SWAT 
  
  "THREE" screamed the sobbing teacher. Her ass was on fire. "Please Ms. Simon 
  no more." 
  
  SWAT 
  
  "FOUR" wailed Mary as her ass quivered. 
  
  Lisa again used the dowel rod to turn Mary back over so that she was now sitting 
  painfully on her hot red ass. "What is this Mrs. C.?" asked Lisa as she slide 
  her finger into her teachers very wet slit. "Do you like having your ass paddled?" 
  
  
  The humiliated teacher could not reply. 
  
  Lisa untied Mary's wrists from her ankles and the humiliated teacher straighten 
  her legs and worked out the kinks. 
  
  "Mrs. C. I want you to fix me some toast for breakfast while I shower. No touching 
  that pussy either. And put your heels back on. Now get moving," ordered Lisa 
  swatting her teacher's red sore ass. 
  
  "I need to use the bathroom", said Mary. 
  
  "Go and make my toast. Maybe if you're good I'll let you pee-pee later." 
  
  Mary moved down to the kitchen and Lisa took a nice leisurely shower and followed 
  later wearing only a towel. When she walked into the kitchen she found Mary 
  sitting gingerly at the table with a cup of coffee. "Who gave you permission 
  to sit? And who gave you permission to have coffee?" 
  
  Mary jumped up, "I didn't think. I'm sorry Ms. Simon." "Dump that coffee and 
  bend over the table right NOW." 
  
  Mary moved quickly and dumped the coffee into the sink and returned and bent 
  her body over the table not wanting to anger Lisa anymore. 
  
  "All the way flat. Smash your breasts on the table." said Lisa pushing on Mary's 
  back. "Spread your legs out to the table legs." 
  
  Mary did as ordered but this position, with the 5" heels on, put a real strain 
  on her legs. 
  
  "Now stay there while I eat my breakfast and decide what to do about your repeated 
  forgetfulness. Didn't I tell you would need permission from me for EVERYTHING?" 
  
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon. I forgot Ms. Simon." 
  
  Lisa sat down and ate her toast and drink the coffee her teacher had so graciously 
  made for her. 
  
  Mary meanwhile was becoming very aware of the pressure this position placed 
  on her full bladder. Her legs began to ache and after a time her thighs began 
  to quiver from the need to relieve herself and the strain. "Ms. Simon, may I 
  please go to the bathroom?" 
  
  "Be quiet I'm eating my breakfast. Another demonstration of your lack of respect, 
  interrupting my meal with your silly needs." 
  
  The teacher shut up and concentrated on controlling her need to use the bathroom. 
  She tried very hard not to visualize the position she was in her own kitchen. 
  
  
  Lisa finished eating and began walking around the kitchen. FLASH Mary cringed 
  as she imagined what that picture would show. She could hear Lisa opening drawers. 
  
  
  SMACK The wooden spoon connected with her upturned ass. Mary jumped and her 
  hands flew back to protect her sore ass. 
  
  Get your hands out of the way Mrs. C. You must learn to be respectful and obey 
  your instructions. SMACK. 
  
  Mary cried out, "I'm sorry Ms. Simon." 
  
  SMACK 
  
  The spanking continued for ten smacks and then Lisa said to the sobbing teacher,"Do 
  you still need to use the bathroom Mrs. C.?" 
  
  "Yes I do Ms. Simon," answered the red assed teacher. She hoped that was not 
  being disrespectful. 
  
  Lisa grabs the leash and pulls the teacher to the back door. "Let's go out here 
  so my pet can go potty." 
  
  Mary couldn't believe she actually expected her to go to the bathroom outside 
  in front of her. 
  
  Lisa led the stunned teacher to the middle of the yard and said,"If you have 
  to go you better do it here because this is your only chance until we get back 
  from shopping Mrs. C." 
  
  "Ms. Simon, Please I can't do this," said Mary her bladder growing in distress. 
  
  
  "Well then we can wait until tonight when we get home," said Lisa tugging the 
  leash. 
  
  Mary didn't know what to do. She could hold it until tonight. She needed to 
  use a bathroom but her tormentor wouldn't permit it. She had to go. "Wait." 
  
  
  "Yes". 
  
  "I'll do it." 
  
  "Go on. I don't have all day." Lisa was getting chilled wrapped only in a towel 
  but she knew the naked teacher felt the chill even more which stimulated her 
  need. 
  
  Mary tried to figure a graceful way to do this humiliating act but soon the 
  need overcame the planning and she simply spread her legs and squatted releasing 
  her full bladder on the the grass in her own back yard under the watchful eye 
  of her mentor. FLASH 
  
  Having satisfied her need the red faced teacher said ,"I'm finished Ms. Simon." 
  with her eyes lowered. 
  
  "Let's go get ready. I plan to make good use of your credit cards today Mrs. 
  C. You need some new things to wear since so much of your wardrobe has been 
  packed away." Pulling the leash Lisa lead her teacher back into the house. 
  
  "Take a shower and meet me in your room," ordered Lisa. "And don't be playing 
  with that dripping pussy." 
  
  After a quick shower Mary entered her bed room to find Lisa sitting on her bed 
  wearing jeans and a sweat shirt . 
  
  "Sit her Mrs. C. I'll fix your hair and make-up for you." Lisa styled her hair 
  and made-up her face with much more make-up the she normally wore. Looking in 
  a mirror Mary saw a person she hardly recognized. Let's get you dressed now 
  Mrs. C.. Put these on," said Lisa handing her a black garter belt and smoke 
  colored stockings. 
  
  "May I sit on the bed Ms. Simon?" asked Mary trying to avoid any further spankings. 
  
  
  "Of course Mrs. C." said Lisa as she watched her teacher slide the stocking 
  up her legs. Put your heels back on too Mrs. C. until we can buy you new ones." 
  
  
  Mary clipped the stockings to the garter belt and slipped her aching feet into 
  the 5" heels. FLASH Glancing in the mirror Mary could see the garter belt and 
  stocking highlighted her shaved pussy like a picture frame. 
  
  "Mrs. C. since you haven't had a chance to alter your clothing yet we need to 
  find you something appropriate to wear. Let's go to Amy's room." 
  
  "Ms. Simon, Amy's clothes will be too small for me." 
  
  "I know. You wear all your clothes too loose fitting Mrs. C." Lisa lead her 
  teacher into her daughters room and picked out a very tight very very short 
  skirt the barely covered the tops of her stockings and a crop top that hugged 
  her breasts. Her nipples were clearly visible and the bottoms of her breasts 
  were barely covered. FLASH 
  
  The outfit said slut. Looking in the mirror Mary knew she was going to spend 
  the day tugging the top and skirt down to maintain any dignity at all. She of 
  course was not permitted and panties or bra. Anyone who saw her would not recognize 
  her easily. Lisa handed her sunglasses and now no one would know her for sure. 
  "Put your collar in your purse and let's get moving Mrs. C." 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 7 
  
  Lisa drove the "well" dressed teacher out of her neighborhood. She had decided 
  that it would be necessary to travel across town to a mall about 40 miles from 
  home to insure the no one would recognize the teacher. When they arrived and 
  had parked the car Mary was reminded that she was to follow 2 paces behind and 
  speak only when given permission. 
  
  As Mary began moving across the parking lot she realized just how exposed she 
  was. The skirt barely covered her bare thighs above her stockings and her breasts 
  moved freely under the short crop top. The heels made her ass sway invitingly. 
  She wanted to go back to the car and hide herself but she knew she couldn't 
  do that. With the new pictures that Lisa had she was hers for as long as she 
  wanted her. 
  
  The first stop was at the Victoria's Secret store. Lisa picked out a red leotard 
  one size too small, two pair of black spandex shorts, again one size too small 
  and several camisoles in various colors. Lisa lead Mary to the changing room 
  and instructed her, "Try on each article and come out to show me how it looks." 
  
  
  Mary moved into the changing room and removed her clothing. She put on the leotard 
  which was clearly too tight and rode up into her ass crack and hugged her bare 
  pussy. She struggled into the too tight spandex and opened the door expecting 
  to see Lisa. But Lisa was no where to be seen. Cautiously she move to the door 
  of the changing area and saw Lisa across the store looking at bras. She waited 
  for Lisa to see her thinking she would come over and look at the outfit. When 
  Lisa spotted her she waved for her to come to her. Red faced Mary walked across 
  the store in the too tight exercise outfit. When she got to Lisa she was ordered 
  to turn and show the sales girl how she looked. "That looks a little uncomfortable," 
  said the clerk. 
  
  "She like it that way don't you Mrs. C.?" 
  
  The humiliated teacher answered "Yes Ms. Simon." 
  
  "Good. Go put you stockings and skirt on and try on the camisoles." 
  
  The red faced teacher turned and hurried back to the safety of the changing 
  area. She again dressed in the garter belt, stockings skirt and heels. She put 
  on a black camisoles which covered her better the top she had worn into the 
  store. She was again forced to prance on her heels across the store and model 
  for Lisa and the sales girl. "Now that fits well," commented the salesgirl. 
  
  
  "Get a smaller size and try it on Mrs. C." 
  
  Mary got a smaller size and after trying it on and modeling for Lisa and the 
  sales girl she was told to get one of each color in the smaller size. 
  
  When Mary had changed back into her short crop top she came out of the changing 
  area and went to Lisa in the bra department. 
  
  "What size do you wear Mrs. C.?" 
  
  "35c Ms. Simon" whispered the embarrassed teacher in front of the sales girl. 
  
  
  "We'll take this one," said Lisa handing Mary a 34b bra. Then Lisa moved across 
  the store to corsets and girdles. "Do you have those measurements Mrs. C.?" 
  
  
  Yes Ms. Simon she answered handing her the paper from her purse. "Chest, 35; 
  Waist, 23; Hips, 33". Looking though the corsets she found one size 21" waist. 
  Then she found a body shaper with measurement 34b, 21, 31. "Get these too." 
  Lisa also handed her teacher several garter belts in various colors and several 
  different colors of stockings. 
  
  Mary took all her purchases to the check out and a different sales clerk began 
  to ring up her purchases. "Oh I think this is the wrong size Maam. It looks 
  too small for you." she said as she was ringing the body shaper. 
  
  "She likes them tight," answered Lisa for the bewildered teacher. She had never 
  spent this much money shopping for herself in her life and she knew they were 
  just beginning. 
  
  The next stop was a store which was very popular with teenage girls. Lisa forced 
  Mary to try on and model for her and a young salesgirl several skirts, blouses, 
  dresses and sweaters. She spent over $400.00 on clothing which was respectable 
  for a teenage girl but slightly out of place for a middle aged school teacher. 
  "This will all go along with your new 'younger' image Mrs. C." Mary knew she 
  would feel ridiculous wearing these clothes to school but at least she wouldn't 
  get fired for wearing them. 
  
  Mary was now loaded down with packages as they moved down the mall. As they 
  passed the food court Lisa decided she was hungry. She sat down and ordered 
  Mrs. C. to get her a chicken sandwich and fries with a coke." 
  
  Mary got the food for Lisa and was ordered to stand next to her holding all 
  the packages while Lisa enjoyed her lunch and her teachers humiliation. "If 
  you want something go get it," said Lisa, "But remember you need to 'dip it' 
  before eating it." 
  
  Of course Mary wasn't hungry. Why was her pussy wet? 
  
  After Lisa finished and Mary had cleared the table they moved to a trendy shoe 
  store. Mary was told to sit and now her short skirt became a real problem. The 
  young man who came-up to wait on her asked "May I help you?" as he looked at 
  her long exposed legs. 
  
  "She would like to see all the 5" heels with ankle straps that you have to start." 
  said Lisa speaking for the humiliated teacher. 
  
  "Size?" 
  
  "What size Mrs. C.?" 
  
  "7 1/2b" 
  
  "Get size 7 and 7 1/2 a and b, " directed Lisa. 
  
  The young man hurried off and returned shortly with an arm full on boxes. Kneeling 
  before the teacher he began to help her try on the shoes. It was impossible 
  for Mary to keep her knees together as he tried on pair after pair of heels. 
  She was forced to prance on the high heels around the store. The shoes were 
  mostly either too tight or too short. After trying on over 10 pairs of shoes 
  with 5" heels and several pair with 3" and 4" heels Mary's face was quite red. 
  Much to her humiliation her pussy was literally dripping. 
  
  "Do you have any with higher heels?" ask Lisa. 
  
  The salesman was only too happy to check. His cock was quite visible under his 
  pants. "Did you see what you are doing to that poor man Mrs. C?" 
  
  Mary wanted to cry , "Yes Ms. Simon." 
  
  "Bet you would love to suck on that wouldn't you Mrs. C.?" 
  
  "No Ms. Simon" 
  
  "But you said you love to suck cock didn't you?" 
  
  "Yes. Ms. Simon." 
  
  "Well maybe I can work a deal with him to save you some money." 
  
  "Please don't Ms. Simon." 
  
  Lisa laughed, "We'll see." 
  
  The man returned. "We have one style of 6" black heels with ankle straps in 
  her size." said the salesman to Lisa ignoring the frightened teacher. 
  
  "Let's try them." 
  
  The excited salesman knelt down and put the heels on Mary. He made a point on 
  moving her foot around in such a way the caused her to spread her legs giving 
  him a clear view of her bald pussy. 
  
  "Walk for us Mrs. C.", ordered Lisa. 
  
  Mary rose from her chair and struggled to walk in the higher heels. "Mrs. C. 
  it looks like you sat in something." asked Lisa innocently pointing to the wet 
  spot on Mary's skirt and the chair. The horrified teacher wanted to die. Her 
  faced was beet red and her legs began to shake. "Could you get us something 
  to clean-up?" Lisa asked the salesman. As he hurried off Lisa whispered to Mary, 
  "Don't you cry." 
  
  He returned and handed the towel to Lisa. "Why don't you help her out?" 
  
  The salesman was only too happy to help and began patting the wet spot on Mary's 
  skirt with the towel. He of course took this opportunity to feel up the humiliated 
  teacher. 
  
  Once the salesman finished Lisa decided on the 6" heels, 3 pair of 5", 3 pair 
  of 4" and 2 pair of 3" heels. The total charge on her credit card was $780.00. 
  
  
  Now Mary was really staggered with the packages and her skirt rode up her legs 
  as she walked and the wet spot was clearly visible. Her crop top was pulled 
  up exposing more breast than before as they walked to the car. 
  
  "One more stop before dinner Mrs. C." said Lisa pulling out of the mall parking 
  lot. They drove down the road and pulled into and adult book store and novelty 
  shop. "Here is a list Mrs. C. Get everything on the list and be sure to ask 
  for assistance from the salesperson. I don't want any mistakes." 
  
  Mary slowly got out of the car, She was reading the list: 3 butt plugs in different 
  sizes, 1 large black dildo, one set of nipple clamps with chain, 1 pair of wrist 
  cuffs, 1 pair of ankle cuffs, 1 cock gag, 1 ball gag, 1 leather paddle, 1 pair 
  on benwa balls, 1 tube of lubricant and 1 cat. She had no idea what some of 
  these were. She looked around the parking lot and there were 3 other cars. "Hurry 
  up Mrs. C.." 
  
  Mary opened the door and immediately became the center of attention for the 
  3 guys inside. She thought it best to ask for help and get out as fast as possible. 
  She noticed the smell and was glad it smelled so the they wouldn't smell her 
  dripping pussy. "I need to buy these things," said Mary handing the list to 
  the salesman. 
  
  He looked over the list and smiled, "These things for you?" 
  
  "Yes." whispered Mary. 
  
  "What are you going to do with all these things?" 
  
  "I was ordered to get them." 
  
  "By Who? Your husband" 
  
  Mary didn't know what to say. "a friend", she finally said. 
  
  He moved around the counter an put has arm around Mary and lead her to a display 
  of sex toys on the wall. He began handing her the items on the list. Taking 
  every opportunity to touch her in the most embarrassing ways. After what seemed 
  an eternity she had paid the bill again several hundred dollars on her charge 
  and was moving out of the store. "Come back soon sweety" called the salesman 
  as his customers watched appreciatively. 
  
  Mary put the items in the back seat and Lisa ordered, "Get the small butt plug 
  and lubricant and put them in your purse." 
  
  Mary did as she was ordered. 
  
  "Dinner time," said Lisa. "I'll bet your hungry" 
  
  Mary realized she was very hungry. 
  
  We are eating Italian said Lisa as she pulled into a popular Italian restaurant. 
  "I will do the ordering," said Lisa. 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon" 
  
  They were seated at a back table. Lisa ordered a meal for herself and a salad 
  without dressing and bread sticks for Mary. 
  
  As soon as Lisa had ordered Mary knew what was coming but she was not prepared 
  for Lisa next order. 
  
  "Go to the restroom and put some lubricant on the butt plug and put it in your 
  ass. Be sure to get it all the way in so it doesn't fall out." 
  
  Mary slowly stood and picked up her purse carrying the plug and lubricant. 
  
  "Leave the purse here Mrs. C." 
  
  "But....." 
  
  "Take out what you need and leave the purse here." 
  
  Mary took the lubricant and plug out of the purse and doing the best she could 
  to hide what she was carrying she hurried to the restroom. Once there she quickly 
  entered a stall and began to think about her situation. Here she was a respected 
  teacher sitting in a restroom dressed like a whore. Several hundred dollars 
  poorer and about to shove an enormous plug into her virgin ass hole. She began 
  to sob uncontrollably. 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 8 
  
  The sobbing teacher was startled back to reality by the sound of voices as two 
  ladies entered the restroom. She looked at the plug in her hand and thought, 
  'This will never fit inside me'. She opened the tube of lubricant and applied 
  it gingerly to the plug. Then she reached back and put some lubricant on her 
  ass hole. She attempted to slide her finger inside to get some gel inside. She 
  wanted to wait until no one was in the restroom to try and insert the plug but 
  it seemed as one left someone else came in and she knew she had already been 
  gone much too long. 
  
  Reaching back she placed the tip of the plug on her ass hole and began to push. 
  'I knew it was too big' she thought. She pushed harder and the tip began to 
  spread the tight ring. Once it started with constant pressure it moved into 
  her ass. The pain was not as much as she had feared but it felt so uncomfortable. 
  Suddenly the widest part slipped past the tight ring and the plug was locked 
  into place. She stood and the feeling of the plug in her was very very uncomfortable. 
  She straightened her skirt ,what little there was of it, and opened the stall 
  door. She washed her hands and fixed her make-up as best she could since she 
  had not been permitted to bring her purse with her and walked back to the table 
  carrying the tube of lubricant. Each step reminded her that her ass was filled 
  with what felt like a 2 x 4. 
  
  "You were gone a long time. Have any problems filling that virgin ass hole Mrs. 
  C." 
  
  Red faced Mary replied, " I'm sorry it took so long Ms. Simon." 
  
  "Your salad and bread sticks are here. I want you to place a bread stick in 
  your dipping hole and leave it there until I tell you to remove it." ordered 
  Lisa. 
  
  The horrified teacher picked up a bread stick and carefully reached under the 
  table to push it into her pussy which was to her further embarrassment very 
  wet, as it always seemed to be anymore. 
  
  "Be sure it doesn't fall out on the floor Mrs. C. Now eat your salad with your 
  fingers. Pets don't use silverware." 
  
  "But...." 
  
  "But what Mrs. C. Be thankful I'm allowing you to sit and that I didn't ordered 
  you spaghetti." 
  
  Mary began to pick at her salad. The waitress brought Lisa meal and Mary continued 
  to eat her salad with her fingers. 
  
  "Take out your bread stick Mrs. C. and put another in its place." 
  
  Mary did as she was ordered. She tried very hard to be unnoticed. 
  
  "Now eat your bread stick with your salad." 
  
  Mary did what her student had ordered her to do without question, she was beginning 
  to get used to the taste of her pussy. and The meal continued with Mary eating 
  3 bread sticks and all of her salad. 
  
  Lisa ordered each of them each a chocolate sundae for dessert. "I got this for 
  you because you complained about the salad Mrs. C." 
  
  "I'm sorry Ms. Simon. May I please use a spoon for my sundae?" 
  
  "You may not, now hurry and finish I'm anxious to get home." 
  
  The embarrassed teacher dipped her fingers into the sundae and began to eat 
  her dessert. Several people noticed and she could see their stares as she ate 
  the sundae with her fingers. "Lick your fingers clean Mrs. C. we have to go 
  now." 
  
  Mary licked her fingers clean and paid the bill leaving a nice tip as Lisa had 
  ordered. When she waddled out to the car with the plug tightly in her ass she 
  found Lisa looking through the bags from the adult store. She stood by the door 
  and waited for permission to get into the car. 
  
  Lisa found what she was looking for, the nipple clamps, and turned to her teacher 
  and said "lift your top". 
  
  "Please Ms. Simon let me get in the car first." 
  
  "Lift it right this second or I will take it off of you for the rest of the 
  night." 
  
  Turning her back to the restaurant Mary lifted her short top revealing her breasts 
  to the world with her hard nipples pointing at Lisa. 
  
  Lisa placed the first clamp on Mary's right nipple and slid the catch up until 
  it was firmly attached to her teacher's nipple. Mary bit her lip to keep from 
  crying out and drawing attention to her bare chest. Then Lisa did the same to 
  the left breast. "Pull your top down Mrs. C. and get into the car and put on 
  your collar." 
  
  Mary pulled down her top which did not hide the chain connecting the clamps 
  and climbed into the car. Her nipples were throbbing and the material of her 
  top rubbing then did not allow her to ignore the pain. 
  
  Lisa drove down the road about a mile and pulled into a convenience store. "Go 
  in and buy me a pack of gum Mrs. C." 
  
  Mary didn't know what to do. Her clamped nipples were clearly visible through 
  her ultra short top and the chain connecting them would surely draw attention 
  to them. She knew she was walking funny from the plug in her ass. But she also 
  knew it would only be worst to refused. Slowly she opened the car door and as 
  gracefully as possible she walked into the store. There were three boys in the 
  store and the clerk Thankfully there was no one she recognized. One of the boys 
  glanced her way and saw her and immediately called to his buddies."Hey guys 
  check this out." 
  
  All three were now staring at her and the clerk was also looking at her. One 
  of the boys walked up to her as she was buying the gum and asked, "Do those 
  hurt?" pointing at the clamps visible through her shirt. She ignored him and 
  started back to the car just as Lisa came in. 
  
  "I saw you boys talking to my pet here. What did you want?" 
  
  "I asked her if those hurt and she ignored me." 
  
  "Why that was rude Mrs. C. Apologize to the gentleman." 
  
  "I'm sorry" said Mary with her eyes to the floor. 
  
  "Tell the gentleman, Do they hurt?" 
  
  "Yes they do hurt very much,"replied Mary. 
  
  "Show them what they look like Mrs. C. Lift your top for them." 
  
  The horrified teacher turned to the boys and lifted her top so they could see 
  her breasts. She wanted to crawl under the floor and disappear. Never had she 
  been so embarrassed in her entire life. 
  
  "Give a gentle tug on the chain to see how tight they really are," suggested 
  Lisa. 
  
  One of the boys reached out and pulled the chain connecting the nipple clamps. 
  Mary moaned in pain as her nipples burned. 
  
  "Not too hard boys. Would want to damage the merchandise. Maybe you should kiss 
  them and make them feel better." 
  
  "No.." cried Mary. 
  
  "What did you say." 
  
  Realizing her error Mary answered, "Nothing Ms. Simon." 
  
  "Good now ask these boys to kiss your nipples to make them feel better." 
  
  The humiliated teacher said, "Please kiss my nipples." as she began to sob. 
  
  
  Each boy took a turn kissing and sucking and in one case biting her trapped 
  nipples. Mary just stood there as her breasts were mauled and suckled in the 
  public place. Thankfully no one else came in. 
  
  "Thank the gentleman and lets go Mrs. C." 
  
  The thoroughly humiliated teacher said, "Thank you" and ran from the store pulling 
  her top down as she went through the door. 
  
  The remainder of the ride home was uneventful with Mary huddling and sobbing 
  in the corner. When they got home Lisa ordered Mary to bring everything up to 
  the bedroom and put all the clothes and shoes away except for the 6" heels. 
  She also ordered her to lay all the toys out on the bed. 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 9 
  
  Mary struggled to carry all of the packages upstairs on her aching feet. After 
  the second trip everything was in the bedroom and Mary began putting all of 
  the new clothing away. She placed the "toys" on the bed with the 6" heels as 
  Lisa had requested. When everything was done as ordered she wanted to sit and 
  rest her feet but she remember what happened the last time she sat without permission. 
  Her plugged ass was now just uncomfortable as she adjusted to the invasion but 
  her nipples were aching and irritated from the clamps and rubbing on the material 
  of her short top. 
  
  Suddenly she heard Lisa coming up the steps. 
  
  "Take off you skirt and top Mrs. C. I'll be in in a minute," called Lisa. 
  
  Mary removed her top and was shocked to see her nipples so swollen and red. 
  She dropped her skirt to the floor and was just bending to pick it up when Lisa 
  walked in. 
  
  "You have a pretty good ass Mrs. C. How does the plug feel?" 
  
  The red faced teacher straightened quickly and answered, "It is uncomfortable 
  Ms. Simon." 
  
  When Mary turned Lisa said, "My, my look at those nipples," reaching out and 
  twisting the clamped right nipple. 
  
  "Ahhhhhhhhh" screamed Mary as pain shot through her abused nipple. 
  
  "Does that hurt Mrs. C.?" asked Lisa twisting the left nipple. 
  
  "YESSSSSS.....Please Lisa stop". 
  
  Reaching out and violently twisting both nipples, "Lisa is it" 
  
  "Owwwwwwwwwwwwwww....Sorry Ms. Simon...SORRY" 
  
  "That's better," replied Lisa as she released the swollen twisted nipples. "Let's 
  see what we have here," said Lisa ignoring the sobs of her teacher. "First Mrs. 
  C. come over her and bend over so I can inspect your plug," ordered Lisa as 
  she sat on the bed. 
  
  Mary reluctantly moved to Lisa and turning bent over showing her student her 
  ass. 
  
  "Reach back and spread your cheeks." demanded Lisa. 
  
  Mary reach back and slowly spread her ass exposing her plugged ass hole to Lisa. 
  
  
  Lisa leaned forward and tapped the end of the plug sending shock waves through 
  the teachers ass. " I can't wait until we can get this one in you," said Lisa 
  picking up the largest of the three butt plugs. "Turn around and spread your 
  legs Mrs. C." 
  
  Mary turned and spread her legs before for student. 
  
  Lisa reached out and run her finger up Mary's bare soaked slit. "MRS. C. you 
  really like this don't you?" 
  
  The mortified teacher wanted to die of embarrassment. How could she be excited 
  by this treatment yet her pussy was soaked. "What is wrong with me" she thought. 
  "No Ms. Simon I do not enjoy this treatment." 
  
  "Then explain to me why you are dripping like a faucet." 
  
  "I can't explain that Ms. Simon" whispered Mary. 
  
  "Lick my fingers clean you horny old teacher," demanded Lisa as she placed her 
  fingers in front of Mary's crimson face. 
  
  Mary extended her tongue and licked her our juices from her student's fingers. 
  How low had she sunk. 
  
  Lisa then placed the ankle and wrist cuffs on her teacher And ordered her to 
  change into the 6" heels. 
  
  Mary's poor feet protested but she forced them painfully into the heels and 
  buckled the ankle straps. 
  
  "Mrs. C. I want you to squat and place the tip of your vibrator into that dripping 
  hole. Squat low enough to keep it inside you." 
  
  Mary struggled to squat in the impossibly high heels and finally managed to 
  balance with the tip of her vibrator nested inside her embarrassingly wet pussy. 
  
  
  "Turn it on Mrs. C." 
  
  Mary turned on the vibrator and immediately felt the pleasure it brings her. 
  
  
  "Suck on this Mrs. C.," said Lisa handing her teacher the long, thick, black 
  cock she had picked out at the adult store. 
  
  "Now pay attention Mrs. C. I'm going to give you an assignment to be completed 
  immediately. If you fail you will be punished . Do you understand?" 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon" said the sucking teacher around the rubber cock in her mouth. 
  
  
  "You are to give that black cock the best blow job you know how. You need to 
  practice for the real thing. While you are doing that you are to slid up and 
  down on the vibrating plastic in you hole. You are not permitted to orgasm without 
  my permission. If you do you will be sorry. If I don't think you are fucking 
  your self well enough or giving a respectable blow job you will be punished. 
  Now get moving." 
  
  As Mary began to work on the hard black rubber cock in her mouth and gingerly 
  to slide up and down her vibrator she could immediately feel her orgasm coming. 
  She was so hot and this was too much stimulation. 
  
  FLASH, FLASH as Lisa snapped picture after picture of the teacher struggling 
  to keep from the inevitable. Just as Lisa could see her teacher reaching the 
  point of orgasm she reached out and released the left nipple clamp. 
  
  "Ahhhh' screamed Mary as the pain of the clamp coming off and the blood returning 
  to the abused nipple coursed through her body. Her orgasm delayed again but 
  it began building again quickly. 
  
  She was slobbering all over the rubber cock as she sucked and her legs were 
  screaming in pain as she bounced up and down the vibrating plastic. Her face 
  was red and her body covered in sweat as she worked to reach the peak yet not 
  wanting to reach it. She was so confused. 
  
  Just then Lisa released the right nipple and the pain came back intensely. 
  
  She didn't care if Lisa took pictures, she didn't care if she would be punished 
  she had to cum. The vibrator was bumping the plug in her ass on the down stroke 
  causing a vibration in both holes. It was too much. 
  
  "OOOHHHHHHHhhhhhhh.....AHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhhhhhh screamed Lisa as she crumpled to 
  the floor in the midst of the most intense orgasm she had ever had in her life. 
  She was writhing around the floor the pain and humiliation forgotten. Everything 
  was center on her exploding pussy as the vibrator fell to the floor. 
  
  FLASH 
  
  After Mary calmed down and realized what had happen she knew she was lost forever. 
  She did get off on this treatment. She had never felt anything like that ever 
  before. She looked up and saw her tormentor and knew she was in for a long long 
  period of use and abuse. Her fear was her husband and particularly her daughter. 
  
  
  "Mrs. C. you didn't behave yourself." 
  
  "Red faced Mary replied ,"Sorry Ms. Simon" 
  
  "Well lets see. You made quite a mess on the floor there and you need to clean 
  that up first." 
  
  Mary started to get up to get a rag. 
  
  "No,no Mrs. C. lick it up." 
  
  Mary dropped to her hands and knees and began to lick her juices from the floor 
  her plugged ass high in the air. As her tongue ran over the floor she wondered 
  what else would happen. 
  
  When Mary had licked the floor clean and cleaned the vibrator with her tongue 
  Lisa ordered her to remove the plug from her ass. FLASH 
  
  "Now lick it clean," ordered Lisa after Mary had managed to get the plug out 
  by stretching her tight ring and pulling hard. 
  
  Mary raised the plug to her mouth and gagging, she began to lick it clean. She 
  was thankful she didn't throw-up because she was sure Lisa would make her clean 
  that up too. 
  
  Once everything was cleaned and put away for the night Lisa put the penis gag 
  in Mary's mouth and taking her by the leash led her down stairs and out into 
  the back yard. There Mary was ordered to lie down in the grass and her ankle 
  cuffs were locked together and her wrists were locked behind her. "You will 
  sleep her and think about your failure to follow orders Mrs. C. Tomorrow we 
  will discuss the future." said Lisa as she tossed a towel on the ground. "It 
  is a little chill out here. Use this for blanket," said Lisa as she turned and 
  walked into the house leaving her teacher dressed in only garters and heels, 
  bound and gagged in the dark cold yard. 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 10 
  
  Lisa emerged from the house around 8:30 the next morning to find a cold shivering 
  Mary huddled under the towel which of course was not large enough to provide 
  much comfort. "Good Morning Mrs. C." 
  
  "Morning Ms. Simon," mumbled the miserable teacher. She was cold, dirty, hungry 
  and needed to use the bathroom. 
  
  Lisa released Mary's ankles and helped her to stand. Taking the leash in hand 
  she started to lead her teacher pet to the house. "Do you need to use the bathroom 
  before we go in Mrs. C.?" 
  
  Mary remembered the humiliation of yesterday but she really needed to go. "Yes 
  Ms. Simon I need to use the bathroom." "Well hurry up then." 
  
  Mary squatted once again in her yarn in front of her student and released her 
  bladder. She didn't know what she would do when she needed to have a bowel movement. 
  
  
  Once she finished the humiliating task she was lead into the house and up to 
  the bathroom. "Take a shower Mrs. C. No playing with yourself and no using the 
  toilet." Lisa hooked Mary's leash over the shower head and left the teacher 
  to get cleaned up. 
  
  Mary was exhausted. She had gotten little sleep the past 2 nights. Her muscles 
  ached and her feet were very swollen. Her nipples and ass hole were tender. 
  
  
  Mary let the warm water massage her body, She scrubbed her skin pink and washed 
  her hair twice. After several minutes Lisa returned and unhooked the leash. 
  She led the dripping teacher into her bedroom. "Get dried off and do your hair 
  and make-up the way I like it. Your clothes for today are on the bed. "" What 
  time do you expect Amy home?" 
  
  The mention of her daughters name brought her back to the reality of her situation. 
  "She should be home around 5:00. Ms. Simon," answered the naked, dripping teacher. 
  
  
  "You have 30 minutes to get ready. Meet me in the kitchen." 
  
  Mary dried quickly and looked on the bed for her clothes. She found a red garter 
  belt with red stockings and the 6" heels. She dressed and then dried and styled 
  her hair. The make-up was not to her liking but to Lisa's liking. 
  
  She took a last look in the mirror and saw a 35 year old woman dressed or rather 
  undressed made up like a teenager. She felt ridiculous but she marched down 
  the stairs to the kitchen. Lisa was sitting at the table eating eggs with a 
  slice of ham and toast. She had a cup of steaming coffee in front of her. 
  
  " Your breakfast is in the bowl on the floor." 
  
  Mary looked down and saw a bowl of dry spoon sized shredded wheat with a bowl 
  of water next to it. Mary sank to her knees and began to eat the shredded wheat. 
  She was starving. She picked up the bowl of water and washed the 10 shredded 
  wheats down. When she had finished Lisa ordered her to clean up and meet her 
  in the living room. 
  
  Mary cleaned up and walked into the living room. "Put this where it belongs" 
  said Lisa handing Mary the butt plug and the tube of lubricant. 
  
  Mary started for the bathroom. "No, no, Mrs. C. right here." 
  
  Mary stopped and began lubricating the plug. She realized that the only way 
  she would get it in was to squat and force it into her ass. As she did just 
  that, her student was watching closely. It was just slightly easier than the 
  night before but it was still difficult and very uncomfortable. Once the plug 
  was in place Mary was ordered to kneel on the floor before her student. 
  
  "Mrs. C. you know how you made us learn all the rules of grammar and writing. 
  And when we didn't follow them you corrected us and in some cases punished us." 
  
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon." 
  
  "Well I have prepared a list of rules for you. It is important that you follow 
  them to keep our secret and protect your and your family 's reputation. If you 
  fail to follow every rule you will be corrected and punished. Is that clear?" 
  
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon." 
  
  "The rules are not open to discussion. If you do not understand something you 
  ask me. You are not to attempt to interpret them yourself." 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon." 
  
  Lisa handed Mary a list of rules. "Read these out loud to me now to be sure 
  you understand them. Rules may be added or changed as I see fit." 
  
  Mary began to read: "Rules for my pet teacher to live by: 
  
  1. I will remain naked with 6" heels at all time when I am alone at home unless 
  directed otherwise by my owner. 2. When I am not alone I will wear a skirt and 
  top or dress with garter belt and stockings and 3" heels unless directed otherwise 
  by my owner. 3. I will always have my hair done and make-up as my owner likes 
  it. 4. I will only eat what my owner permits and I may not use utensils unless 
  my daughter is present. 5. I am never to sit on a toilet seat. If I am alone 
  at home I will use the back yard for my toilet needs. If I use a bathroom I 
  will squat over the bowl with the seat up. 6. I will always have my ass lubricated. 
  7. I will keep my pussy bald at all times. 8. I will never wear panties or bra 
  unless directed by my owner. 9. I will sleep naked on the floor every night 
  unless directed otherwise by my owner. 10. I will never refuse an order of my 
  owner. 11. I will wear my collar at all time when I am alone and carry it in 
  my purse at all other times. 12. I will exercise daily and keep myself fit. 
  13. I will never sit on any furniture without the permission of my owner. 14. 
  I will never make any decisions without consulting my owner. 15. I will have 
  my plug, big black dildo and nipple clamps with me at all times. 16. I will 
  respect all students by calling the Ms. or Mr. 17. I will always display a smiling 
  face. 18. I will masturbate every morning, at lunch and as soon as I get home 
  from work BUT I will not have an orgasm without permission. 19. I acknowledge 
  that I am obeying these and all other rules and orders from my owner because 
  I want to be a good pet. 20. I understand that my life is now controlled by 
  my owner. 
  
  "Very good Mrs. C. Any questions?" 
  
  "No Ms. Simon" 
  
  "I will be moving into the guest room. We will tell Amy that I am having problems 
  at home and you agreed to let me stay here with my parents permission." 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon." 
  
  "Now go put on the skirt and blouse I laid out for you so we can get my stuff 
  before Amy gets home." 
  
  Mary went upstairs with her head spinning. She had no choice other than to obey 
  her owner. Why does that thought make my pussy wet. She put on the skirt which 
  really was extremely short, barely covering the tops of her stockings and Amy's 
  sweater which was way to tight. Her hard nipples were poking holes in the front 
  of the sweater. The plug in her as was still uncomfortable. 
  
  Mary went down the stairs and when she saw Lisa she begged, "Ms. Simon I can't 
  meet your parents dressed this way." 
  
  "Don't worry they won't mind at all. Put your collar on." 
  
  The confused teacher buckled the collar around her neck and walked to the car 
  in a daze. 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 11 
  
  Mary climbed into the car wondering what Lisa had planned. Surely she didn't 
  plan to make her meet her parents dressed this way. 
  
  "Spread your legs and pull your skirt up Mrs. C. " said Lisa as she climbed 
  into the car. " I live across town and I want you to play with yourself until 
  we get there." 
  
  Mary spread her legs and began to gentle slid her finger over her wet bald pussy. 
  She was ashamed that she could possibly be excited being treated like this and 
  being forced to act this way. 
  
  After about a twenty minute drive they arrived at Lisa's home. It was in a nice 
  suburban neighborhood. Her house had a wooden fence all around with a gate off 
  the driveway. Lisa parked in the driveway and ordered Mary to get out of the 
  car and pull her skirt down. 
  
  Mary hesitated getting out and Lisa came around the car and opened the door 
  pulling her teacher out of the car by her leash. "Come on Mrs. C. my parents 
  are anxious to meet you." 
  
  Mary didn't know what to do as she was led to the door at the end of her leash. 
  How could she face this girls parents like this? What would she say? How would 
  they react? What would they think of her? Would they have her arrested? A million 
  thoughts went through her mind as Lisa continued to pull her leash leading her 
  to the door. 
  
  Lisa opened the door and lead the cringing teacher into the house. "I'm home," 
  called Lisa. 
  
  Lisa's mother came out of the kitchen. "Hello Honey". said her mother ignoring 
  the scantily clad collared teacher. "Your dad and brother are watching the game 
  in the living room. Dinner will be ready in 15 minutes." 
  
  Lisa pulled the teacher into the living room. "Hi dad, hi Mike." 
  
  Mary immediately recognized Mike. She had been his teacher two years earlier. 
  She hadn't realized Lisa was his sister. "Hi Lisa" said her dad. 
  
  "Hi sis," said Mike. "Hi Mrs. C. You look different today." 
  
  Mary blushed deeply and remained silent. 
  
  "You remember my brother don't you Mrs. C.? You gave him a D on his term paper 
  and he was ineligible to play football for two games." 
  
  It came back to here immediately. Mike had done a terrible job on that paper 
  and she had been forced to give him a low grade. He had asked her to please 
  give him a C and let him do makeup work but she refused. Even the coach had 
  asked her to make some allowances but she held fast and he was not permitted 
  to play for 2 games until he brought the grade up. She could see him leering 
  at her and Lisa's father was checking her out closer than was comfortable. She 
  knew she was in a really bad situation. 
  
  "So you are not so high and mighty are you now Mrs. C.?" Mike laughed reaching 
  out and patting her tightly covered ass. 
  
  "Dinner's ready", called Mrs. Simon. 
  
  "Let's eat" said Lisa's dad. 
  
  Lisa pulled the frightened teacher by her leash into the kitchen. There were 
  four chair set around the table. Mary was left standing next to Lisa as the 
  family sat down to dinner. The family ate dinner and talked as if Mary were 
  not even there. She was very uncomfortable just standing there watch them eat 
  and being ignored. 
  
  After they finished eating Lisa turned to her teacher and explained. "You see 
  Mrs. C. Mike was the one who actually found the magazine and when he showed 
  me, we laid out a plan to get revenge. Mom and dad were in total agreement with 
  the plan after what you had done to Mike. Mom and dad have practiced D/s and 
  S/m for years and have a very open understanding between them. They belong to 
  a group here in town that meets monthly. I attended my first meeting when I 
  turned 18 and Mike has been attending for two years when he is home from college." 
  
  
  "So you see this is a family affair. You are now the property of all of us. 
  You are primarily mine but they can use you in any way they want. We will not 
  involve your daughter directly since we do not believe in involving minors . 
  However we may use her without her knowledge to assist in your training." 
  
  Your husband will be involved but we will not unveil his involvement until later. 
  He is unaware of what is happening at this time." 
  
  " Take off your sweater Mrs. C. and show daddy and Mike your tits." 
  
  The overwhelmed teacher knew she had no choice and lifted the sweater over her 
  head exposing her hard tipped breasts to the family. Mike reach up and grasping 
  the right nipple pulled the teacher down and gave her a hard opened mouth kiss. 
  His tongue slide between her lips and her knee went weak. She forgot the pain 
  in her nipple and was electrified by the intensity of the kiss. 
  
  He released her nipple and lips and she stood on wobbling legs. 
  
  "Remove your skirt Mrs. C. before you leak all over it." 
  
  Mary lowered her skirt showing her shaved pussy to everyone. 
  
  "Spread your legs," demanded Mike. "Show us your cunt teach added Lisa's father. 
  
  
  Mary spread her legs and reached down and spread her juicy pussy lips showing 
  them her excitement. 
  
  "You were right Lisa. She is a natural," said Mrs. Mason. 
  
  "Turn around and show your plugged ass." 
  
  The deeply shamed teacher did as she was ordered. 
  
  "Enough of this we don't have all day Mike needs some relief before going back 
  to college. Mrs. C. go over and demonstrate you cock sucking talents on him. 
  Bend at the waist and keep your ass up."ordered Lisa taking charge of her pet. 
  
  
  Mary turned to Mike and saw his huge swollen cock sticking out of his pants. 
  He grabbed her head and forced her mouth down over his cock. "He better be happy 
  or you will be very, very sorry Mrs. C.," said Lisa patting her teacher bare 
  ass. 
  
  Mary worked her mouth up and down the long thick pole. She used her tongue and 
  tried to get this over a quickly as possible. That's when she felt hands on 
  her ass, forcing her legs apart. A finger was sliding into her dripping pussy. 
  Ohhh the sensations were too much..the thick cock running over her tongue and 
  the finger playing in her pussy she was so close to cumming. 
  
  At that moment she felt a sharp sting to her left breast. "Don't you dare cum 
  you slut," hissed Mrs. Simon. 
  
  Mary felt the finger leave her pussy and be replaced with what she knew was 
  Mr. Simon's cock. It felt huge and was stretching her pussy but had no problem 
  sliding in with her juices flowing. She felt another sharp pain in her right 
  breast. She tried to concentrate on the cock in her mouth and ignore the hot 
  rod now slamming into her steaming pussy. The stinging pains continued in her 
  breast as Mrs. Simon smacked each one with a wooden spatula. FLASH. She could 
  see the flashes as her use was recorded. 
  
  Soon she felt the cock in her mouth begin to pulse. She worked hard trying to 
  get this former student to cum in her mouth before she had an orgasm and drew 
  the wrath of her tormentors. The first shot of cum hit the back of her throat 
  gagging her and then Mike pulled out and landed squirt after squirt of hot cum 
  on her face and in her hair. 
  
  Her face remained in Mike's crotch with his deflated cock now back in her mouth 
  as his father continued to pound her pussy while his mother smacked her by now 
  sore sensitive breasts. Her orgasm was so near it hurt and she was fighting 
  the pleasure to avoid anything worse happening to her. 
  
  After what seemed an eternity she felt the splash of Mr. Simon's cum deep in 
  her stretched pussy. Then he pulled out and covered her ass and back with hot 
  white cum. 
  
  As Mr. Simon pulled his cock from her very used pussy the teacher collapsed 
  to the floor. Looking down she saw her breasts an angry red and her nipples 
  were painfully engorged. Her pussy was crying for release which was not to be. 
  
  
  Mr. Simon took some pictures of the bedraggled teacher covered in cum. His hobby 
  was photography and he planned to use Lisa's pet for some very inventive pictures. 
  
  
  Get up Mrs. C. and take my things to the car. Don't bother to clean up just 
  put your sweater and skirt on and get moving. We want to get home before Amy 
  gets back. 
  
  The cum covered teacher dressed and moved to load her owners things into her 
  car. She couldn't look any of them in the eye and silently went about completing 
  her task. 
  
  "Mike will be going back to college tonight but I will take you over to visit 
  daddy and mommy next week," said Lisa as she drove her once proud teacher to 
  her home with cum drying on her face and in her hair. 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 12 
  
  When they arrived home Mary carried all of Lisa's things into the large guest 
  room and unpacked for her. She was a real mess with cum dried on her face and 
  in her hair. Her breasts were very sore from the abuse of Lisa's mother and 
  her pussy was crying for the release she had been denied. 
  
  "Shower and wash your hair Mrs. C. you look disgusting. I will lay out your 
  outfit to greet your daughter. And Mrs. C. don't you dare play with yourself." 
  
  
  A thoroughly dominated teacher moved to the shower. There wasn't much time to 
  get ready and Lisa required her to always have her hair and make-up done. 
  
  After a quick show Mary entered her bed room apprehensive about what Lisa would 
  require her to where. She found a respectable but short skirt, a heavy sweater 
  which would conceal her unfettered breasts and 3" heels. There were no stockings 
  or garter belt so she was totally naked under her clothes. Her ass was still 
  plugged and she put her collar in her purse with the dildo and tube of lubricant. 
  As she was doing her make-up she realized how hungry she was. She hadn't had 
  anything to eat all day and hadn't had a decent meal since last Friday at lunch. 
  As soon as she was ready she went down stairs looking for Lisa. 
  
  "Better start dinner Mrs. C. Amy will be hungry when she gets home. First show 
  me your plug" she demanded. 
  
  Mary lifted her skirt and bent over. 
  
  "Spread your cheeks Mrs. C." 
  
  The shamed teacher reached back and spread her ass cheeks so her student could 
  see the plug in her ass. 
  
  "Stay like that and finger your pussy" 
  
  Skirt up, bent at the waist Mary began to finger her pussy. I seconds she was 
  dripping. 
  
  "Mrs. C. you are such a hot number," mocked Lisa. "Enough of that now fix dinner. 
  Amy and I will had ravioli's and a nice salad. You will have some plain lettuce. 
  Unless of course you want to dip it in front of Amy" 
  
  "Please Ms. Simon I am so hungry." begged Mary. 
  
  "But you just had a load of high protein cum not more than an 2 hours ago. We 
  have to get rid of a few pounds Mrs. C." 
  
  A red faced Mary had no reply to that and began getting the dinner Lisa had 
  ordered. 
  
  About 10 minutes later They heard the front door open and a cry, "Mom I'm home" 
  
  
  "In the kitchen ", called Mary. 
  
  Amy stopped in her tracks when she came into the kitchen. "Mom, What did you 
  do to your hair?" 
  
  "Do you like it?" 
  
  "It's so different. Why did you get it cut so short?" 
  
  "I just wanted something really different." 
  
  "Why are you dressed up on Sunday night? Are you going out?" 
  
  "No Honey I just decided to dress up more. You know with Daddy gone I tend to 
  let myself go a little." 
  
  "Oh". Just then Amy noticed Lisa. "Hi". 
  
  "Amy you know Lisa don't you?" 
  
  "Sure from school". 
  
  "Well she will be living here for a while until she can get things worked out 
  with her parents." Mary lied to her daughter. 
  
  "Cool. An older sister. That will be neat." 
  
  " I think so too," said Lisa. "Come on I'll help you unpack." 
  
  Lisa and Amy went up stairs and left the nervous teacher cooking a dinner she 
  was not permitted to eat. At least the 3" heels didn't hurt her feet as much 
  as the 6" ones. 
  
  When dinner was ready Mary called the two girls and when they came down they 
  were chatting like old friends. Amy and Lisa sat down and Mary served them a 
  large salad and ravioli. Then she moved to the counter where she picked at her 
  lettuce. 
  
  "Aren't you having any Mom?" asked Amy. 
  
  "No, I'm trying to lose a few pounds Honey." Mary lied again to her daughter. 
  
  
  "Get us a couple of Cokes Mrs. C.", demanded Lisa. 
  
  She got out two Cokes and glasses for the girls. 
  
  "Mom why do we have Coke you always liked Pepsi and wouldn't ever but Coke for 
  me." 
  
  Now Mary was in a tough spot. What could she say. 
  
  "I bought the Coke" said Lisa "I didn't know but if you like Coke I'm sure your 
  mother will buy it from now on. Won't you Mrs. C.?" 
  
  "Sure since you both like it and I am dieting I'll get Coke from now on." Another 
  lie. 
  
  "Aren't you going to sit down Mom?" asked Amy. 
  
  "No honey I have a lot to do and want to keep moving." Lie number four Her life 
  is becoming one lie after another as she protects her family from her tormentors. 
  
  
  The girls finished and went upstairs leaving Mary to clean up. Usually Amy cleaned 
  up but Lisa had said for her to come upstairs with her and Mary was left to 
  clean up as she knew she would be doing from now on. After everything was cleaned 
  up Mary went upstairs and asked if the girls needed anything. She suddenly became 
  aware of the need to use the bathroom. But she was plugged.!! She tried to catch 
  Lisa's eye but Lisa ignored her. 
  
  "Did you finish checking our papers yet Mrs. C.?" asked Lisa innocently. She 
  could see the beginning concern on her teacher and suspected she knew the reason. 
  "I'll entertain Amy you go check the papers." 
  
  It was an order Mary knew that. What was Amy and Lisa talking about? In this 
  first test her nerves were on edge. The stress was tremendous. She moved off 
  the her room to check the papers. She sat on the floor and spread the papers 
  around her as she went to work trying to ignore the cramping in her bowels. 
  
  
  A couple of hours later Amy came in to say good night. "Why are you on the floor 
  mom?" 
  
  "I needed room to spread everything out Honey," Mary lied again. 
  
  "Well I'm really tired and have a busy day tomorrow. Tell daddy I said hi when 
  he calls," said Amy as she kissed her mother on the cheek. "Good night." 
  
  "Good night Honey" said Mary. Damn she had forgotten all about Bill's calling 
  on Sunday nights. 
  
  After Amy had gone to bed Lisa came into Mrs. C. room. "We are alone. Strip 
  Mrs. C." 
  
  "Please Ms. Simon may I remove my plug and use the bathroom." begged the stressed 
  out teacher. All this lying and deprivation was making her fall apart. 
  
  "Of course Mrs. C. Why did you ask me sooner? said Lisa with a wicked smile. 
  "Be sure to lick the plug clean and remember how you must 'sit' unless of course 
  you want to go outside." 
  
  "I'll use the bathroom, thank you Ms. Simon." 
  
  Mary hurried into the bathroom and pulled the plug from her ass and squatting 
  over the toilet with the seat up she didn't have to strain hard to empty her 
  bowels. Then she began the disgusting task of licking the plug clean. 
  
  "You do not need to put it back in right now Mrs. C." called Lisa from the bedroom. 
  When Mary came back into the bedroom wearing only her heels Lisa told her to 
  change into her 6" heels. "they make your legs and ass look almost respectable. 
  
  
  Handing Mary her purse Lisa ordered her to get the dildo out. She was told to 
  sit on the floor with her knees drawn back so her heels were against her ass. 
  Lisa moved up and pushed her teacher knees apart exposing her bald pussy. "Put 
  your black friend into your pussy Mrs. C." 
  
  Mary took the black monster and tried to slip the end into her moist slit. It 
  was too big. " Ms. Simon it is too big, it doesn't fit." 
  
  "Get it in or I will and your might make too much noise if I have to do it." 
  snarled Lisa. "I've been much too easy on you." 
  
  The frightened teacher managed to get the head into her pussy stretching it 
  further than ever except when Amy was born. Once the head was in, it slowly 
  slide deeper and deeper until about 4" were buried it her pussy. FLASH 
  
  "Now slide it in and out and get it deeper." 
  
  Mary pushed and pushed the huge black cock in and out. It stretched her to the 
  limit and was so large it rubbed her clit on every stroke sending shivers through 
  her body. Another inch disappeared into her hole but at least 8 " was still 
  showing. 
  
  "Mrs. C. by Christmas you will take every inch of that," said Lisa confidently. 
  
  
  'Impossible' thought Mary but she kept her mind on the fire building in her 
  pussy. 
  
  "Don't cum Mrs. C. If you are good maybe I'll let you cum later but keep that 
  black toy of your moving." 
  
  The phone rang. Mary looked at Lisa with pleading eyes. 
  
  Keep fucking yourself Mrs. C. while you talk to your husband. Don't mention 
  me. If you cum or stop I will wake Amy to talk to her father" said Lisa with 
  a smile. 
  
  Mary answered the phone. She did her best to talk in a normal voice as she slid 
  the dildo in and out with 6" disappearing now. She was on fire. Her husband 
  was so preoccupied he didn't even notice her ragged breathing. She could here 
  the sucking sounds as the black pleasure maker slide in and out of her blazing 
  pussy. The conversation lasted about 10 minutes and Mary could not remember 
  one word that had been said. As soon as she hung up she begged Lisa,"Please 
  Ms. Simon May I cum?" 
  
  "What are you willing to do if I let you cum Mrs. C.?" 
  
  The frantic teacher hissed "Anything Ms. Simon. Anything." 
  
  Lisa lifted her skirt showing Mary her bare ass. "Kiss my ass Mrs. C." 
  
  The chagrined teacher leaned forward and placed her lips on her student's bare 
  ass. 
  
  " Come on Mrs. C. if you want to cum you have to do better than that." 
  
  Mary leaned further forward and planted her lips firmly on Lisa's ass. 
  
  "Use your tongue Mrs. C." 
  
  The overcharged teacher ran her tongue over Lisa smooth ass. She dipped her 
  tongue into the crack briefly. 
  
  "Lick the hole Mrs. C." 
  
  Mary couldn't last much longer. Her pussy was burning up. Her ass was bouncing 
  on the floor as she shoved the black dildo in and out. There was a puddle of 
  her juices on the floor and she was getting a full 8" in. Lisa noted there was 
  only 6" to go. 
  
  As Mary's tongue licked her students ass Lisa said "Cum Mrs. C." 
  
  Ahhhhhhhhhhh... moaned into Lisa's ass as she bucked through the most intense 
  orgasm ever. She was cumming and cumming one after the other. Her tongue was 
  whipping over Lisa's ass hole as she made an even larger puddle on the floor. 
  
  
  Once she came back to earth Lisa said, "Well Mrs. C. you are a pretty good ass 
  licker and look you have 8" of the black cock in that hole of yours already. 
  
  
  A mortified teacher realized what had just happened and broke out sobbing. 
  
  "If cumming is going to make you cry Mrs. C. I won't permit you to cum anymore." 
  
  
  Mary fought for control. 
  
  "Now lick your toy clean and then lick up your mess on the floor. Sleep right 
  there and keep your black plaything in your mouth all night. Set you alarm for 
  5 and be showered and made up with breakfast for Amy and I ready by 6:30. You 
  may wear the robe we saved until I pick out your clothes for school." 
  
  "Oh have your bag for the gym ready to pack too." 
  
  "Nite Mrs. C." 
  
  The stunned teacher sat there unmoving for a half hour before beginning the 
  jobs assigned. 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 13 
  
  The alarm jarred the exhausted teacher awake at 5:00 A.M. She had not gotten 
  to sleep until about 2:00 A.M. She had licked the floor clean and then licked 
  the black dildo until it was free of all her juices. Her pussy was still leaking 
  as she laid down on the cold floor to try to sleep. She spent the night sucking 
  the huge rubber cock. 
  
  Mary dragged her tired body to the shower hoping the hot water would invigorate 
  her tired muscles. Her jaws ached from being stretched around the huge black 
  cock all night and her pussy was very sore from the workout the night before. 
  Just thinking about it made her pussy moist again. She had never felt anything 
  so intense before. She didn't have time for the long hot shower she wished for 
  so she limited herself to a quick shower cleaning herself thoroughly and washing 
  her hair. 
  
  When she got out of the shower she was shocked to see it was 5:30 already. She 
  quickly dried her hair and got her make-up on by 6:00. She slipped on the robe 
  Lisa had permitted her to keep which came to just below her ass cheeks and was 
  nearly transparent. She wondered what her daughter would think of her dress 
  this way. She hoped she wouldn't see her shaved slit. 
  
  Mary prepared bacon and pancakes for Lisa and Amy. She hoped she would be permitted 
  to eat some too they smelled so good and she was getting desperate for some 
  decent food. At exactly 6:30 she wakened Lisa and then Amy and told them breakfast 
  was ready. 
  
  Lisa told Amy to go on down and start she would be down in a second. Lisa took 
  Mary into her room and laid out her clothes for the day. Red garter belt with 
  smoke stockings...3" black heels. She also picked out a navy skirt which was 
  4" above the knee and a white sweater which covered her breasts and would conceal 
  the fact that she was braless unless anyone looked closely. 
  
  She also packed Mary's bag for the gym. The too small leotard and spandex shorts 
  with white gym socks and tennis shoes. She also packed one on Amy's tube tops 
  (red and white stripes), a very tight short red skirt and 5" red heels in the 
  bag. 
  
  When Mary looked nervously at the items Lisa packed in the bag Lisa said,"Don't 
  worry Mrs. C. I will give you a note in school as to what is expected of you 
  after dismissal." 
  
  Lisa went down for breakfast leaving Mary to dress. When Mary was dressed and 
  ready for school she went down to the kitchen hoping for something to eat. Amy 
  had gone back up to get ready and only Lisa was in the kitchen. 
  
  "Here is your breakfast," said Lisa handing Mary a slice of dry toast and a 
  small glass of orange juice. I have packed your lunch for you but you can not 
  open it until lunch and you should eat in the teacher's lunchroom. 
  
  Mary ate the dry toast and drank the small juice which did little to quell her 
  appetite. She then cleaned up while Lisa dressed for school. 
  
  Mary was permitted to drive to school with Lisa and Amy. They parked in the 
  teacher lot and walked into the school. Mary was uncomfortable because she had 
  no panties on and she could feel her breast moving under the sweater. She knew 
  no one would probably notice but she was afraid someone would. After Amy had 
  turned and walked to her classroom Lisa whispered to Mary. "Your tits move so 
  nicely under that sweater." This served to make her even more aware of her lack 
  of under clothing. 
  
  The day went relatively normal up to lunch time with Mary very aware of her 
  breasts swaying under the sweater and the air moving over her bare pussy but 
  no one seemed to notice anything except her new hair style which stirred quite 
  a bit of conversation. Lisa hadn't been into her room yet, her class met after 
  lunch. 
  
  Mary went to the lunch room fearful of what would be in her lunch. She sat at 
  the end of the lunch table but was the center of interest because of her new 
  hair. Opening the bag she found a half of chicken sandwich, and apple, and 2 
  small cookies. She looked but there was nothing else. No note or anything from 
  Lisa. She had thought Lisa had put a note in her lunch. Mary ate the lunch as 
  she talked with the other teachers. She was thankful that at least she had some 
  regular food. While not enough to satisfy her it was enough to stop her stomach 
  from growling. 
  
  Mary was very apprehensive about Lisa's class after lunch. Lisa had been so 
  intent on humiliating her since she came into her room on Friday that she just 
  knew something would happen. But then again Lisa had not embarrassed her too 
  much in front of Amy except for the robe this morning which Amy didn't even 
  notice. 
  
  Lisa came into her room a couple of minutes before class and demanded , " Open 
  your purse Mrs. C." 
  
  Mary opened her purse 
  
  Lisa said," Where are the things that are to be here? Your plug and favorite 
  black toy and your collar.?" 
  
  "Oh no. I forgot Ms. Simon. Please I'm sorry." begged the panicked teacher. 
  
  
  "Mrs. C. I am very disappointed with you. You have failed to play with your 
  hot box twice today as ordered, you failed to wear your heels after your shower, 
  you have been sitting all day in your room, you sat at lunch and now this. Do 
  you think my rules are a joke? Do you think I am playing? After school you are 
  to stand in the corner of your room facing the wall until I come in. Do not 
  move from that spot no matter how long I take to get here." 
  
  Lisa went to her seat as the other students came into class leaving the shaken 
  teacher standing near her desk. Class proceeded as usually with Mary standing 
  the entire time. She saw Lisa whispering to other students but didn't know what 
  she was saying. She was so scared she almost peed herself. Then she remember 
  she had sat on the toilet twice today in violation of her orders. She hope Lisa 
  would know about that. 
  
  Finally the end of the longest day of her teaching career came to an end and 
  the last of her students left. Mary checked the hall and when everyone had gone 
  she went and stood in the corner away from the door so anyone walking by wouldn't 
  see her. She knew Amy would be going to basketball practice after school so 
  she would not be a problem. 
  
  After about 30 minutes of standing nervously in the corner Mary heard the door 
  open and glanced over and saw Lisa come into the room. Lisa sat in Mary's chair 
  and ordered," Pull your skirt up Mrs. C." 
  
  The frightened teacher pulled her skirt up to her waist baring her ass. Her 
  faced reddened as the thought of someone walking in sank into her mind. 
  
  "Walk backwards to me Mrs. C." 
  
  As the bare assed teacher walked back to her controlling student Lisa was rummaged 
  through her desk and found a strong, thick, wooden ruler. When Mary had backed 
  up to Lisa she was told to bend over the desk with her ass high in the air and 
  legs spread. "If I were you I wouldn't make too much noise Mrs. C., Bubba will 
  be cleaning this section soon." 
  
  Lisa then began to spank the frightened teacher with the ruler. Soon Mary was 
  squirming around on the desk and the tears were running down her cheeks as her 
  ass got hotter and hotter and redder and redder. She bit her tongue to keep 
  quiet sure that the sound of the ruler smacking her ass would draw the janitor 
  to her room to see her draped across her desk being punished on her bare ass 
  by one of her students. It was almost too much to bare. 
  
  Finally Lisa stopped the beating of her ass and ordered her back to the corner 
  with the skirt up. "Now stay there until I get back and don't move a muscle 
  Mrs. C. or we start over." Lisa left the room and was gone for what seemed to 
  Mary forever. 
  
  When she returned she put Mary's gym bag on the desk and handed Mary a note. 
  These are your instructions for tonight. I have placed a packet of your finest 
  new pictures where they will be found by Mr. Johnson (the principal) in the 
  morning if you fail to do as you are told. You must complete everything and 
  get home by 10:00 tonight so that I can retrieve the photo and keep your secret. 
  I am driving the car home so you will need to take a cab or the bus to accomplish 
  your tasks. Here is $20.00", said Lisa pulling it from Mary's purse, " and your 
  make up". "I'll take this home for you." said Lisa taking Mary's purse. "See 
  you tonight." 
  
  Lisa left and Mary pulled down her skirt and opened the note. It was rather 
  long and quite detailed. As she read on her mouth dropped open and the tears 
  sprung from her eyes. 'I can't do these things'. 'This is too much' though Mary 
  as she crumpled to the floor sobbing like a lost child. 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 14 
  
  Mary sobbed on the floor for 10 minutes. 'I can't do those things'. Maybe she 
  didn't read it correctly. She read it again with a shaky hand. 
  
  Dear Mrs. C., 
  
  You must do everything as listed in this note. You are to return home by 10:00 
  P.M. tonight or I will be unable to stop your discovery and you will have ruined 
  not only your own life but your husbands and daughters too. 1. You will remove 
  your skirt and sweater. 2. You will put on the tube top and skirt in your gym 
  bag. 3. Change into the 5" heels. 4. You will place your skirt, sweater and 
  the 3" heels in your desk and leave them at the school. 5. Now go to your gym 
  and do an aerobic exercise program for at least 1 hour. (I may check the log 
  sheet at the gym to be sure you worked out an hour.) 6. You will shower and 
  be sure at least 5 other women see your shaved pussy before leaving the shower. 
  7. After your workout you are to go to a pharmacy and purchase12 rubbers. Do 
  not purchase a dozen in a box but 12 different individual rubbers. Ask the pharmacist 
  which kinds are best. 8. You are then to go to the mall and enjoy dinner in 
  the food court. Remember no sitting. 9. Go to the shoe store and find the young 
  man who sold you your heels. If he is not working pick someone else for the 
  next part of your assignment. 10. You are to give him or the person you choose 
  one of the rubbers you bought and ask him to fill it with his cum. Offer what 
  ever you need to get it done. Bring the filled rubber home to me. 
  
  Remember you only have $20. dollars and must be home by 10 to get the remainder 
  of your punishment or I will be gone when you get here. 
  
  Lisa 
  
  Mary looked at her watch and saw it was 4:30 already. 'What was she going to 
  do?' She knew she had no choice but how could she do these things with only 
  $20.00 and 5 1/2 hours. She needed 1 1/2 hours at the gym, allowing 30 minutes 
  for the pharmacy and 30 minutes travel she was down to 3 hours. The trip to 
  the mall and then home was at least 1 1/2 hours which left only 1 1/2 hours 
  to get done the disgusting thing she had to do. But she didn't have any transportation 
  and using public transportation would add at least an hour and she couldn't 
  afford a taxi. 
  
  'I have no choice.' she decided as she got up from the floor and moved to the 
  desk to get her gym bag. 
  
  "Hi Mrs. C." said Bubba as he came into the room. "You ok?" "Yes Bubba I'm fine 
  I'll be out of your way in a few minutes." 
  
  "No hurry Maam, I'll just start in Mrs. B.'s room." 
  
  Mary picked up the bag and headed for the restroom to change. 
  
  She slipped off her sweater and skirt and put on the tube top which was too 
  small and squeezed her breasts tightly and the skirt didn't completely cover 
  the tops of her stockings. With the 5" heels she looked in the mirror and was 
  ashamed of the way she looked. The thought of what she was being required to 
  do caused her to begin sobbing again. 
  
  She composed herself as she realized her time was passing away and a quick fix 
  of her make-up and hair and she was ready to go back to her room. How would 
  she avoid Bubba? 
  
  She listened carefully and could hear him singing as he worked in Mrs. B.'s 
  room across the hall from hers. She tiptoed to her room and quickly put the 
  clothes in her drawer and moved to her door. Quickly looking down the hall she 
  headed for the exit. 
  
  After she passed Mrs. B.'s room Bubba leaned out and watched the hot teacher's 
  ass sway down the hall poured into the tight red skirt. 
  
  When Mary reached the exit she knew this would be her most vulnerable place 
  to be recognized by someone she knew. With her head lowered she hurried to the 
  bus stop on the corner unaware she was being watched from the school by the 
  big black janitor as he smelled her sweater. It was 4:55. 
  
  The bus came at 5:05 and the ride to the gym took 10 minutes with the scantily 
  clad blushing teacher standing on the bus. She was starred at and she saw several 
  people whispering and looking at her. 
  
  She finally signed in at the gym at 5:10 under the shocked look of the attendant. 
  She moved to the locker room and quickly changed into the exercise outfit which 
  was not nearly as embarrassing as the tube top and skirt. The leotard did ride 
  into her ass and when she walked to the gym it rode into her pussy. The spandex 
  shorts kept her from inconspicuously tugging it out. 
  
  She decided to start on the tread mill and began jogging on the moving tread. 
  She quickly became aware that the leotard was situated over her clit and was 
  rubbing over it with every step. After 15 minutes she was breathing much harder 
  than the simple jogging caused. When she looked down she saw the growing wet 
  spot on the crotch of the spandex shorts. The stair stepper had the same effect 
  and 15 minutes on it caused her to be soaked in sweat which hid the growing 
  wet spot but did nothing to lessen the odor of sex which Mary could smell very 
  plainly. 
  
  By the time she finished 15 minutes on the bike and a 15 minutes aerobic dance 
  routine she was exhausted and near collapse. Her pussy was on fire and she needed 
  to cum. She glanced at the clock and it was 6:20. 
  
  She headed for the shower and washed the sweat from her body and her juices 
  from her pussy. She knew she had to allow 5 women to see her naked pussy while 
  in the shower. One of the ladies she knew fairly well commented on her bald 
  pussy. She explained she had an infection and had to shave it. Her face was 
  indeed crimson. After drying and doing her hair and make up quickly while wrapped 
  in a towel she put on her humiliating outfit and signed out of the gym at 6:45. 
  
  
  Mary knew there was a drug store around the corner from the gym. She had a prescription 
  fill there a couple of months ago. She knew she looked like a slut and was very 
  embarrassed by it but not many people took notice on the street. When she entered 
  the pharmacy she was becoming very concerned about the time. She hurried down 
  the aisles with her heels clicking and found the rubbers. She picked out 12 
  different varieties which she knew nothing about, lubricated, ribbed, ultra 
  thin. French tickler to describe a few. She went to the pharmacist when he was 
  free and asked if these were good brands? He looked at her disgustingly and 
  said, "You should know better the I." She wanted to sink into the floor. She 
  paid and realized money might become a problem. The bus fare had been $1.25 
  and the rubbers were $12.95 which left her with $5.80 to get to and from the 
  mall and get something to eat. She left the drug store and hurried to the bus 
  stop. It was 7:05 she had missed the 7:00 bus and had to stand and wait. While 
  she was waiting a guy about 25 came up to her and asked how much as he grabbed 
  her ass. She was shocked but as she looked around she discovered she was in 
  an area frequented by prostitutes. She didn't think it was possible to be this 
  humiliated and keep going but when the bus arrived at 7:15 she got on for the 
  ride to the mall. The fare was $2.50 . As she stood for the 55 minute ride her 
  mind was on the task ahead. She was about to ask a stranger to cum in a rubber 
  so she could take it home. Maybe it would be better just to let the pictures 
  come out. 
  
  The bus arrived at the mall at 8:10. While she didn't look out of place on the 
  city street she did look very out of place here at the mall. She only had $.80 
  to spend food so she quickly bought a cookie at the cookie store and stood in 
  the food court and quickly wolfed it down. Her body was exhausted and she was 
  starving. She was the subject of many stares as she stood there eating the cookie. 
  
  
  As she made her way to the shoe store she was followed by a group of teenage 
  boys who made rude remarks about her ass and breasts. She walked into the shoe 
  store at exactly 8:25. She knew she had to catch the 8:45 bus to get home by 
  10:00. She frantically looked around the store for the young salesman. He wasn't 
  there. She had never considered this possibility. 
  
  Then he came out of the stock room carrying several boxes. She ran up to him 
  and said "I need to talk to you privately". 
  
  The confused salesman said, "As soon as I finish with this lady." 
  
  "No, Now, " Mary said grabbing his arm. 
  
  He recognized her as the lady who had bought several pairs of shoes over the 
  weekend. He handed the boxes to another salesman, "Could you help the lady over 
  there with these please." 
  
  He took Mary back into the stockroom. "Where is your cute young girlfriend?" 
  he asked. 
  
  "She is no my girlfriend, she is my st...friend" 
  
  "Well what can I do for you? Is there a problem with your shoes?" 
  
  "No. I need a favor and I don't have time to discuss this." 
  
  ""What do you need?' 
  
  The shamed teacher said looking at the floor, "I need you to masturbate into 
  a rubber so I can take it with me." 
  
  "WHAT!!!!" he exclaimed. "That is sick." as he turned to leave. 
  
  The frantic teacher grabbed his arm. "This is serious I'll help you if you want 
  but I have to have it. I'm begging you" sobbed Mary as she sank to her knees. 
  
  
  "I don't have a rubber". 
  
  "I do," said Mary opening her gym bag and pulling out the rubbers. 
  
  "Why should I do this? What's in it for me?. 
  
  "What do you want? Please I'll do anything but we need to hurry." 
  
  He thought a moment. Why not let this sexy, though slutty, bitch suck my cock 
  for me. "I'll wear a rubber while to blow me bitch if you beg a little harder." 
  
  
  Mary was stung by his words but reaching for his zipper she heard herself begging, 
  ":Please allow me to suck your cock, Please." 
  
  The salesman picked out an ultra thin ribbed rubber and told Mary to put it 
  on. 
  
  She had never done this before and fumbled with the foil package. 
  
  "Suck my cock to get it hard bitch." 
  
  Mary opened her mouth and sucked the cock in front of her as she got the rubber 
  package open. The cock began to swell in her mouth and when it was fully grown 
  she pulled her mouth off and rolled the rubber over the hot 8" cock. Once the 
  rubber was in place she slide the cock back into her mouth and worked her lips 
  up and down as she was kneeling on the dirty floor of the stockroom. Working 
  her lips and using her hands she sensed he was near cumming when the other salesman 
  came back into the stock room. 
  
  "Well Well, I get seconds." 
  
  The frantic teacher shook her head no but her salesman pulled his cock out and 
  said." Either my friend gets some or you don't get what you 'need'." 
  
  "OK" she said, as she stuffed the cock back in her mouth . Her time was running 
  out. 
  
  She pumped the swelling cock in her mouth and felt the cum shooting into the 
  tip of the rubber. She careful slide the rubber off the cock as the other salesman 
  stepped in front of her. She took her precious cum filled rubber as she wrapped 
  her lips around the second cock. 
  
  Fortunately he was so turned on from watching her suck the other guy he squirted 
  his load into her sucking mouth almost immediately. Mary got to her feet and 
  whipped the cum from her lips and looked at her watch. 8:42. 
  
  She turned and began running down the mall to get to the bus stop. She was aware 
  that her breasts were threatening to bounce out of her top but she knew she 
  needed to make the bus. She crashed out the door just as the bus was pulling 
  into the bus stop. She climbs on the bus and paid the fare leaving her $.05 
  to spare. 
  
  Mary spent the next 60 minutes leaning on the pole in the bus. Ignoring the 
  others on the bus. Her mind was on what she had just done. A happily married 
  (sort of) mother with a teaching career she loved had just paraded through a 
  mall dressed like a whore and begged a guy to allow her to give him a blow job 
  and then gave one to his friend in a dirty storeroom. Her body shivered. 
  
  She got off the bus at 9:51. The bus stop was about a mile from her house which 
  was not on the main road. She began running in her 5" heels down the dark road. 
  Her bag was bouncing on her shoulder and her top slide off her breasts as they 
  were bouncing up and down but she couldn't stop. 
  
  Now she could see her house the porch light was on and she had about 200 yards 
  to go. As she approached the front gate the light went off. "Nooooooo" she screamed 
  "I'm here." She pounded on the door. The defeated teacher pounded on the door 
  sobbing "I'm here , I made it." 
  
  After about 3 minutes the light came on and Lisa opened the door. "Well Mrs. 
  C. welcome home." 
  
  "I made it Ms. Simon. Please go get the pictures." 
  
  "All taken care of. Come in Amy is spending the night at Rachel's.." 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 15 
  
  The physically and mentally exhausted teacher pulled herself to her feet and 
  with her breasts totally exposed staggered into the house. 
  
  "You look like you had a very thrilling evening Mrs. C." laughed Lisa. "Take 
  off that silly skirt and ridiculous top right this minute." 
  
  Mary struggled and removed the top and skirt without complaint. Her body was 
  worn out from the extreme stress and the humiliation as well as the exercise 
  session and having to run in the impossible high heels. She stood before her 
  student passively waiting to be told what to do next. She had no dignity or 
  pride left after what she had done tonight. 
  
  "Come over here Mrs. C. and bend over the back of the love seat." 
  
  The teacher did as she was told, bending over the back of the love seat with 
  her bare ass high in the air. What else could Lisa do to her? 
  
  Lisa then fastened an ankle cuff to each ankle and attached them to the back 
  legs of the love seat spreading the teacher's legs. "Now Mrs. C. I want you 
  to tell me in detail about your evening. I will be paddling your ass with this 
  paddle while you tell me because you failed me miserably today at school. How 
  long and how many times the paddle meets your ass depends on how interesting 
  your story is." 
  
  WAM. The paddle lands forcefully on the bound teacher's ass. "Owwww. I changed 
  into the clothes you gave me in the restroom. " 
  
  WAM. "Who told you had permission to go to the restroom to change." 
  
  "Owww. I just thought..." 
  
  WAM. "That is the point. You are not to think." 
  
  "Sorry Ms. Simon," babbled Mary. Her ass was on fire and her legs were aching 
  and cramping. 
  
  Mary went on with the story. It took about 45 minutes during which time her 
  ass was paddled about 40 times. She was reduced to a babbling beaten nothing. 
  Telling what she had done was more embarrassing than actually doing it and the 
  constant paddling on her ass served to break her spirit completely. 
  
  Once she had finished Lisa sat down and had a good laugh at the teachers position. 
  "Well Mrs. C. I guess you were born to be owned . You have performed well and 
  I will be lenient with you tonight.' She released the sobbing teacher's ankles. 
  "Now go and put your souvenir cum filled rubber in the freezer. Then you may 
  shower and go to sleep on the floor next to your bed. I will be sleeping in 
  your bed so be quiet. Wake me at 6:30 for breakfast." 
  
  "Thank you Ms. Simon." 
  
  Mary did as she was ordered and then took a long hot shower. She hit the floor 
  about 12:00 and slept soundly on her side until the alarm woke her at 5:45. 
  
  
  When Mary got up she was still tired and stiff but what she noticed most was 
  her painful ass. She looked in the mirror and saw it was still very pink and 
  tender. She went into the bathroom with her dildo and masturbated as required 
  almost to the point of orgasm. She was shocked that her pussy responded so quickly. 
  When she finished she took a quick shower and the quickly did her hair and make 
  up standing in the bathroom. Before leaving the bathroom she lubed her ass in 
  case Lisa checked. Her ass couldn't take anymore punishment. Breaking the sitting 
  rule would not be a problem today. 
  
  Slipping on a pair of 5" heels She went to the kitchen to prepare breakfast 
  for Lisa. She was so very hungry she would do anything for a decent meal. 
  
  At 6:30 the naked high heeled teacher woke her tormentor. "Good Morning Ms. 
  Simon. Your breakfast is ready." 
  
  Lisa got out of bed and checked her pet. She was pleased that Mary had her make 
  up and hair done and was nude except for the heels. Her training was coming 
  along nicely. "Where is your collar pet?" 
  
  A terrified Mary raced to her purse and put her collar around her neck. "I'm 
  sorry Ms. Simon. Please don't punish me." 
  
  "From now on pet you will speak in the third person. 'Your pet is sorry ' 'Please 
  don't punish your pet.' When we are in school or Amy is present you may speak 
  normally." 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon. Your pet is sorry." 
  
  Lisa smiled and lead her teacher by her leash to the kitchen. 
  
  Mary had prepared bacon and eggs with toast and jam for Lisa. Her stomach was 
  crying for food. 
  
  "Hungry pet?" asked Lisa. 
  
  "Your pet is very hungry Ms. Simon." responded Mary correctly. 
  
  "Well I'm just going to have some milk this morning. You can have this" said 
  Lisa as she dumped her breakfast on the floor. 
  
  Mary was so hungry she gave up an sense of pride and dropped to the floor and 
  ate the breakfast from the floor with her hands. 
  
  "Finish eating and clean up Mrs. C. and meet me in your bed room in 10 minutes." 
  
  
  Mary ate every bit of food from the floor and then cleaned up everything rushing 
  up the stairs to her room within the time period. 
  
  Lisa was waiting for her teacher and ordered her to put in her butt plug right 
  there in front of her. She was thankful she had kept herself lubed as ordered. 
  Mary squatted slightly and inserted the plug into her ass. 
  
  "You will not remove it for any reason without my permission." instructed Lisa. 
  
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon your pet will not remove her plug without permission." 
  
  "Come here Mrs. C. " 
  
  Mary straighten up and walked to stand in front of her student. 
  
  "Now play with your nipples and make them hard Mrs. C." 
  
  Mary began pinching and tweaking her nipples which responded quickly. Her body 
  had never been so responsive. All the stimulation and denial was having this 
  affect. She refused to believe she actually enjoyed being treated this way. 
  
  
  When her nipples were hard Lisa reached out and placed a tiny orthodontic rubber 
  band on each. 
  
  The pain was minimal but the nipples were locked in there swollen state. Soon 
  then began to ache and became very sensitive. "Those will stay on as long as 
  the plug is in Mrs. C." 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon your pet understands." 
  
  "Here is your outfit for today. Get dressed and meet me down stairs in 15 minutes. 
  And put on more make up before you come down." 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon." 
  
  Mary looked at the clothes Lisa had laid out for her. A short plaid tweed skirt, 
  black garter belt, nude stockings, red camisole, and white silk blouse with 
  top button removed and 3" red heels made up her wardrobe for today. The skirt 
  was snug but if she was careful it covered her stocking tops. The camisole was 
  clearly visibly through the white blouse and the missing button allowed the 
  top of the camisole to show. But the most embarrassing and annoying part of 
  the outfit was the affect the silk camisole and blouse had on her banded nipples. 
  Every movement caused her nipples to rub on the material and send shivers through 
  her sensitive nipples directly to her pussy. Her body was her enemy and she 
  would have to be fighting all day to control it. She would have to stand still 
  as much as possible. The plug in her ass was uncomfortable but her nipples even 
  made that full feeling in her ass exciting. When Mary looked in the mirror to 
  touch up her make up she noticed her nipples were pointing through the silky 
  material. There was no way to hide them. 
  
  "Did you go to the bathroom today Mrs. C.?" asked Lisa when Mary walked into 
  the kitchen. 
  
  "No Ms. Simon your pet did not use the bathroom today." 
  
  "Well you better go out and use the yard since you are not permitted to use 
  the restroom today." 
  
  The shamed teacher walked out into the yard, lifting her skirt and spreading 
  her legs she peed while her student watched. 
  
  ""Ready to leave Mrs. C.?" 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon." responded Mary as she made a final check of her purse to be 
  sure her collar and dildo were in there. 
  
  "Here is your lunch pet. and I want you to put the rubbers in your purse too. 
  Never know when a hot number like you might need them." 
  
  Mary hurried to put the rubbers in her purse. "Ms. Simon, should your pet take 
  her gym bag today?" 
  
  "Yes pet you will be working out after school and then Amy and I are taking 
  you to the mall and out to dinner." 
  
  What Lisa had just said jarred Mary, 'Amy and Lisa taking her to the mall?' 
  What does she have planned now?' 
  
  After a painful ride to school on her tender ass Mary received her instructions 
  for the day from Lisa. She was to be moving around the room constantly so everyone 
  would get a good look at her stiff nipples. She was to eat lunch in the faculty 
  dining room but not to look at her lunch until she gets there. She was not to 
  use the restroom but she was to drink at least 4 glasses of water and at lunch 
  have a carton of milk. 
  
  "Have a good day Mrs. C." 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 16 
  
  From the beginning of the first class Mary knew she would be in for a long day. 
  The silken material rubbing on her engorged nipples was sending electric charges 
  directly to her pussy. The plug in her ass was moving with every step she took 
  and she could feel her pussy beginning to leak its hot juices. By the middle 
  of the second period her thighs was slick with her nectar and the tops of her 
  stockings were beginning to get wet. Fortunately she didn't have a class third 
  period and was headed for the restroom to clean up when she remembered that 
  Lisa had forbid her to use the restroom. She returned to her room and after 
  locking the door used Kleenex to dry her thighs and pussy. She was so hot she 
  couldn't imagine going the whole day in this state. Just before the beginning 
  of her next class she dried her pussy again and then taught the class. She was 
  sopping again by the end of the period. Thank goodness lunch was next. 
  
  Before going the faculty lunch room Mary again dried her pussy and thighs with 
  Kleenex. Then she walked to the lunchroom with the lunch Lisa had packed for 
  her. 
  
  She went off to the counter area to open her lunch. Inside she found a note 
  which said. 
  
  Dear pet, 
  
  You are to use all the "salad dressing" and save the container. 
  
  L 
  
  Mary quickly folded the note and put it in her pocket. She opened the salad 
  container and almost passed out when she saw the "salad dressing". The cum filled 
  rubber from the night before was placed directly on her salad. With no choice, 
  she carefully squeezed the cum from the rubber on to her salad and hid the rubber 
  in the bottom of the lunch bag. She did her best to act normal and converse 
  with her fellow teachers while she ate her cum covered salad standing in the 
  lunch room. She had to decline offers to sit several times saying her back was 
  bothering her and it was better to stand. 
  
  She was deeply ashamed to be eating a strangers cum as salad dressing in her 
  school in front of her fellow teachers even though they had no idea what she 
  was doing. She had to eat quickly so she could get back to her class room and 
  masturbate for the second time today. She knew she wouldn't be able to masturbate 
  for long because she was already at a high level of excitement. 
  
  By the time she got back to her room she wanted to throw up and yet she locked 
  the door and while standing away from the door she slide the huge black dildo 
  deep in to her sopping pussy. Three stokes and she was near her peak and with 
  great effort she managed to stop and put the dildo back in her purse. She quickly 
  dried herself and cleaned her slick thighs just as the bell rang for Lisa's 
  class. 
  
  When Lisa came in she walked near Mary and whispered, "How was lunch?" 
  
  Mary blushed deeply and watched Lisa take her seat. 
  
  "What is that smell Mrs. C?" asked Lisa in a loud voice. 
  
  Mary suddenly realized the there was a definite odor and then she knew it was 
  the smell of sex. Her constantly leaking pussy and the Kleenex she had used 
  to clean up were making her classroom smell like her bedroom after a long hot 
  sex session with her husband. With a red face she answered, "I don't know. I 
  noticed it this morning." 
  
  The remainder of the day she couldn't concentrate. She couldn't stop smelling 
  her sexual odor or tasting the cum she had voluntarily eaten for lunch. 
  
  At the end of the day Lisa came to her classroom and removed the bands from 
  her nipples. The feeling as the blood again circulated through her nipples almost 
  drove her to her knees. "Leave the used rubber on top of the garbage for Bubba 
  to see and lets go meet Amy at the car." Lisa handed Mary a note on the way 
  to the car. "Your instructions for the gym pet." 
  
  The overwhelmed teacher slide the note into her pocket and followed Lisa to 
  her car. Since they were dropping Mary at the gym Lisa drove. 
  
  "We'll pick you up in 2 hours right here Mrs. C." said Lisa as she and her teacher's 
  daughter drove away. 
  
  Mary enter the gym and signed in and proceeded to the locker room where she 
  removed the note from Lisa. She read the note: 
  
  Dear pet, 
  
  Remove your plug in the dressing room You are not permitted to use to the restroom 
  other than to shower and fix yourself up. You are to do one hour of the same 
  exercises as yesterday and add 15 minutes of stomach exercise and 15 minutes 
  of upper body (chest) exercise. After your shower you are to lube your ass and 
  put the plug back in your ass while in the dressing room. Meet us outside in 
  2 hours. 
  
  Lisa 
  
  Mary looked around the dressing room. There was no way she could remove the 
  plug with anyone in there with her but she couldn't wait too long because she 
  had to be ready and outside in 2 hours. She move to the most secluded part on 
  the dressing room but still in clear view if any one was watching. After hanging 
  her clothes in the locker Mary snuck a quick peek around the room and quickly 
  removed the plug from her ass and shoved it into the locker. It came out easier 
  than the first time as her ass ring stretched from using it. Quickly dressing 
  in her tight leotard and spandex shorts she hurried to the gym to complete her 
  workout. 
  
  Mary rushed through her prescribed exercise program with out resting and then 
  ran to the shower. Her pussy was soaked from the friction on the leotard on 
  her clit as in slide into her slit. Her nipples were sore from the constant 
  stimulation and banding all day. 
  
  She only had 10 minutes to get ready. A fast shower and then drying her hair 
  and putting on her makeup and her time was up. She was going to be late. When 
  she went into the dressing room she saw it was crowded with women and she panicked 
  as she thought about putting her plug back in her ass. She didn't have time 
  to wait for the locker room to empty out she dressed and then facing the locker 
  room lifted the back of her skirt and dabbed a little lubricant on her ass. 
  As inconspicuously as possible she reached behind herself, grabbed the plug 
  and slide it home. A small gasp slipped from her lips as the plug plopped in 
  easily through her stretched ass hole. 
  
  Gathering her things she rush out the door looking at her watch. She was 12 
  minutes late. Spotting the car Mary rushed over and opened the door. "I'm so 
  sorry I'm late. Please forgive me for delaying our dinner." gasped Mary as she 
  slid into the car. 
  
  "No problem Mom." said Amy. 
  
  Lisa just stared sending chills through her teacher. 
  
  Lisa drove to the local mall and after parking the car told Amy to go in and 
  get them a table at the restaurant. 
  
  As soon as Amy was out of sight Lisa slapped Mary hard across the face. "Don't 
  ever make me wait again pet. Tonight you will be punished." Lisa turned and 
  strode to the mall leaving the shaken teacher rubbing her cheek in the parking 
  lot. 
  
  Mary rushed to catch Lisa just as she was entering the mall. They went to the 
  restaurant and Lisa left Mary standing near just table just long enough for 
  her to get uncomfortable and then said, "Why don't you sit next to Amy Mrs. 
  C." 
  
  A very nervous uncomfortable teacher sat next to her daughter and picked with 
  her fingers at the dry lettuce salad and and fruit cup which Lisa ordered her 
  while Amy was in the restroom. Lisa and Amy ate full meals including dessert. 
  
  
  After dinner Lisa said, "Now for your surprise Mrs. C. Amy and I have decided 
  that you need to have your hair done professionally to help you to achieve the 
  look you are trying to create." 
  
  Mary had no idea what she was talking about but said simply "Thank you". 
  
  Mary sat in the chair and Lisa talked with the stylist. Amy and Lisa left telling 
  May they would be back in an hour. 
  
  Mary was turned so she could not see what was being done to her hair. It took 
  about 50 minutes but when she got a look her hair had been styled in a very 
  short young looking style and it was now frosted. She look much younger than 
  she thought possible. The stylist then said," The young lady also requested 
  we pierce your ears for you." 
  
  Mary thought they were going to pierce her ears with a second hole so she said. 
  "Whatever they said will be fine. They are surprising me with his new image. 
  
  
  The stylist moved into position and before Mary realized it she had 5 new piercing 
  in each ear giving her 5 holes moving upward from the lobe and one at the top 
  of each ear. All the piercings were clearly visible with gold hoops because 
  of the short stylish hair cut. 
  
  Just then Amy and Lisa returned. "WOW mom", cried Amy. "That's so cool." Lisa 
  just smiled at the embarrassed teacher. 
  
  Lisa sent Amy off to the music store to meet her friends and told her to meet 
  her and her mom back here in an hour. 
  
  Lisa went with Mary to pay the bill and whispered to her "Make an appointment 
  for a complete body waxing for Friday at 6:00." 
  
  Mary did as she was ordered. 
  
  Lisa then took Mary to a jewelry store and had her ordered an ankle bracelet 
  with the name "Pet" inscribed. As they left the store Lisa told Mary, "We will 
  put that on tonight after your punishment." 
  
  They next went to 'The Limited', a clothing store for teens where they had purchased 
  a good deal of Mary's new wardrobe. Lisa handed Mary a pair on size 8 jeans. 
  "Try these on." 
  
  Mary went to the changing room and struggled into the jeans. They were definitely 
  a tight fit. Remembering their previous shopping trip Mary slipped on her heels 
  and walked out to show Lisa. 
  
  Lisa had her turn and examined the fit. They were as tight as she could fit 
  into with any comfort at all. "Good take them off and meet me out front." When 
  Mary got changed and met Lisa in front of the store Lisa handed her a package 
  from the store. "They put these on your charge pet." ( Mary didn't look but 
  in the bag were a size 7 jeans and a large t-shirt). Soon Amy joined them and 
  the three returned home. All the way home Mary was thinking that she was going 
  to be punished for being late like a little girl but the punishment she was 
  sure would not be like what a little girl would receive. 
  
  When they got home Amy went off to bed as it was getting late. Lisa told Mary 
  she would be in as soon as Amy was asleep. 
  
  Mary went into her room and immediately stripped and changed into her 5" heels. 
  She didn't want to draw the further ire of her owner. 'What was she thinking 
  "owner"' she wondered as she buckled her collar around her neck. 
  
  Lisa came in 10 minutes later to find her teacher standing naked in 5" heels 
  wearing her collar and waiting for her. She walked over the Mary and grabbing 
  a nipple with each hand she squeezed the sore buds pulling Mary to her knees. 
  She continued to pinch and twist her teachers nipples until her tears flowed 
  down her cheeks. "Don't ever make me wait again. Do you understand?" asked Lisa 
  with a cruel twist to each nipple. 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon your pet will never be late again. Your pet is sorry". sobbed 
  the crying teacher. 
  
  Lisa was pleased that her pet had slipped so easily into her owned role. She 
  was learning fast. "Remove your plug pet." ordered Lisa. 
  
  Mary reached behind and slide the plug out of her ass. 
  
  "Put in all the way into your mouth pet and don't make a sound." 
  
  Mary struggled to get the entire plug into her mouth and not to throw up at 
  the same time. Lisa watch with a cruel smile on her face. Finally Mary had the 
  entire thing in her mouth and it was filled to the limit. 
  
  "Put your face to the floor, ass high and hands between your legs." 
  
  Mary assumed the humiliating position. 
  
  "Spread your legs pet." 
  
  Mary spread her legs and her ass and pussy were totally exposed to whatever 
  her student wish to do to her. 
  
  "You have made me very angry pet being late but you have been fairly good otherwise 
  so I will limit your punishment to 12 swats with your paddle. One for each minutes 
  you were late. And to make in bearable you are to take this (handing her her 
  black dildo) and fuck your pussy for me but you are not to cum. Understand?" 
  ordered Lisa as she looking at the teacher gapping asshole. 
  
  Mary nodded since her mouth was filled with her plug. She took the dildo and 
  slide it into her wet pussy. 6" slid in easily. 
  
  WHAM the paddle cracked her ass. 
  
  "Muhhh" moaned Mary as she slide the dildo in out out. 
  
  After 6 swats about 8" of the dildo was disappearing into her stretching hole. 
  That tied her record. Her ass was moving to meet the paddle as the dildo plunged 
  in and out. Her ass was on fire and her body was burning. Lisa could recognize 
  her teacher impeding orgasm as a full 9" was sliding in and out and pulled the 
  dildo from her pussy. She then applied the remaining 6 swats quickly with no 
  break. 
  
  The carpet below Mary had 2 wet spots. One from her tears and the other from 
  her leaking pussy. 
  
  Lisa bound Mary's hands behind her back and setting the alarm for 5:30 am went 
  off to bed. Then she placed the ankle bracelet around Mary's right ankle. "You 
  are never and I mean never to remove this" 
  
  "Wake me when you get up to remove your cuffs pet." 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 17 
  
  Mary awoke the next morning and found the plug still deep in her mouth. She 
  struggled to her feet and after fumbling with the door knob made it to Lisa's 
  room where she nudged her owner awake with her nose. Her mouth was sore from 
  being stretched all night but otherwise she was her normal exhausted self. 
  
  Wednesday and Thursday went as the previous two days. Semi revealing outfits 
  and little food with extended exercise. Since Amy was around most of the time 
  there was no serious activities. Mary was not plugged nor were her nipples or 
  breasts abused during this time. The lack of food and daily exercise was taking 
  a toll on Mary but she was losing some weight and firming up in the right places. 
  Her feet and legs were getting used to being constantly in heels and she was 
  thankful that she only had to wear the 3" heels to school or when Amy was around. 
  
  
  During those two days Lisa basically left her alone and spent most of her time 
  with Amy which was a source of worry to Mary. 
  
  Friday morning everything changed back to serious training. After breakfast 
  where Mary was not permitted to eat at all she was taken to her room and forced 
  to insert the Benwa balls into her pussy. She had never felt anything like this 
  and the movement of the balls deep inside her was intense exciting. "You are 
  not permitted to cum nor are you permitted to clean yourself pet. I hope you 
  don't drip too much" 
  
  Lisa picked out a pale blue camisole and white blouse with a pale blue short 
  skirt. Of course a pale blue garter belt and white stockings completed the outfit. 
  Today Lisa ordered Mary to wear a pair of 4" heels to school. "No restroom and 
  be sure to drink your 6 glasses of water." 
  
  By the time Mary was dressed and into the car she could feel her juices beginning 
  to make her thighs slide smoothly over one another. She feared a spot on her 
  skirt by the time she got to school. 
  
  As soon as they arrived at school Mary hurried to her classroom. She had to 
  remain standing but Lisa had not ordered her to move around so maybe if she 
  stood still the balls would stop moving around inside her. She soon discovered 
  that the slightest movement caused them to shift inside her and setting her 
  pussy on fire and causing her juices to flow. 
  
  By the end of the first period her thighs were soaked and the tops of her stocking 
  were getting wet. By lunch the dark stain had moved down her stocking to the 
  hem of her skirt and she was very concerned it was wetting her skirt in the 
  back. 
  
  Lisa had not given her a lunch so she remained in her room and after a very 
  quick bit of masturbating with her black friend she stood very still trying 
  to control her overcharged body. She had been constantly brought to the brink 
  and refused release for almost a week now and she was losing control more each 
  minute. But she knew she had to obey. Her ass had finally stopped hurting today 
  from her last spanking. 
  
  Finally lunch was over and Mary had gained a little control over her body but 
  the balls were still doing their thing. Lisa's class was next and as soon as 
  the students were all in and seated Lisa raises her hand. 
  
  With dread Mary calls on her,"Yes Ms. Simon." (She called all her student Ms., 
  or Mr. as per Lisa's order.) 
  
  "Mrs. C. There is the funny smell in here again." said Lisa with a wink. 
  
  "I'll speak to the janitor about it." stammered Mary. 
  
  "Could you please and do it today Mrs. C. that smell is funky." 
  
  Mary knew she had just been given an order and would have to say something to 
  Bubba tonight. 
  
  The rest of the afternoon was torture with the constant fear on her juices becoming 
  visible and her legs were aching from the higher heels. Just before the end 
  of the day she received a note from the principal to report to his office after 
  dismissal to discuss a budget item. 
  
  With the tops of her stocking soaked through Mary walked quickly to the principals 
  office. The balls were keeping her pussy fired up. When she got to the office 
  Mr. Amos, the principal asked her to sit down and they spent 15 minutes discussing 
  the books she wanted to order for the next term. When they were finished she 
  got up to leave and as she turned Mr. Amos said."Oh dear it looks like there 
  was something on that chair. I'm sorry ." 
  
  The mortified teacher mumbled, "That's ok, I'll take care of it", as she hurried 
  out of the office. Fortunately there was no one in the hall as she rushed back 
  to her room. Lisa was waiting. 
  
  "Hello pet. We have to get moving now I changed your waxing appointment to 4:00. 
  I'll wait for you in the car while you tell Bubba about the smell." 
  
  Mary looked at her skirt and it was worse than she imagined. There was a huge 
  wet spot that almost covered the her ass and two spots on the front where her 
  stockings touched her skirt. She picked up a pile of papers and tried to hide 
  the spots in the front as she walked out into the hall to find Bubba. 
  
  He was down the hall in the first room and Mrs. C. stood in the door with the 
  stack of papers hiding the wet spots on her skirt. "Excuse me Bubba." 
  
  "Yes Mrs. C. What can I do for you?" 
  
  "Bubba the students have been complaining about an odor in my room could you 
  check it out?" 
  
  "Sure thing Mrs. C. I thought I smell something the other day but I didn't notice 
  anything the last couple of days." 
  
  "Thanks Bubba," said Mary as she backed out of the room and hurried to the stairs. 
  She didn't look back to see Bubba watching her tight spot stained skirt swaying 
  down the hall. 
  
  Mary climbed in the car and begged, " Please Ms. Simon your pet needs to clean 
  up before going to the salon." 
  
  "Nonsense," said Lisa, "We don't have time" 
  
  Lisa went into the salon with the embarrassed teacher. She talked with the girl 
  who would be doing the waxing. Mary didn't hear what was said as she was removing 
  her clothes and get on the table. 
  
  Lisa took a seat and watched as the girl applied the wax strips and the heated 
  wax to her pussy, under her arms, on her legs and her upper lip. The girl talked 
  to Lisa, acting as if Mary didn't exist "She's so wet here I need to dry her 
  to get this to work right." 
  
  Mary wanted to crawl under the table. With the girl working around her pussy 
  and the balls still doing there thing with every movement she looked like a 
  horny slut to the girl. 
  
  Finally the procedure was finished and as Mary dressed she heard the girl talking 
  to Lisa. "Is she gay or something? She was so wet from me working around her 
  pubic area." 
  
  "I'm not sure. She just gets excited easily." answered Lisa. 
  
  "Bring her back in 3 weeks for her next treatment." 
  
  Mary paid the bill and made her way to the car. Her pussy stung from the waxing 
  and the balls wouldn't let her have a moments peace. 
  
  Lisa dropped Mary at the gym. She told her to remove the balls in the dressing 
  room and be back out in 2 hours. 
  
  Mary ran into the gym and after signing in hurried to the dressing room. There 
  was no one there and she reached under her skirt and dug the silver balls from 
  deep in her pussy. After they were safely in her bag she undressed and rushed 
  through her exercise program. She managed to finish and get showered, fixed 
  up and outside in 1 hour 59 minutes. Thankfully Lisa had not ordered her to 
  put the balls back inside her pussy. The leotard had done the job of keeping 
  her excited. 
  
  When they arrived home Lisa told Mary the Amy was spending the weekend at a 
  friends. Mary heart sank as she knew Lisa would make the weekend hell. 
  
  Mary was ordered to strip and then Lisa redid her make-up and hair into a wilder 
  style. She changed her small stud earrings to progressively larger hoops so 
  that Mary's ears were actually pulled by the weight. Then Lisa had Mary get 
  the medium sized butt plug. In front of her owner Mary strained to get the larger 
  plug into her ass. It felt huge and stretched her ass further than ever before. 
  Once it was in she felt full and it touched places the smaller one hadn't. 
  
  Lisa then ordered Mary to put her vibrator in her soaked pussy. She didn't turn 
  it on but she now had both holes filled. Mary handed Lisa the new jeans she 
  had purchased the other night. "Put these on pet." 
  
  Mary struggled with the jeans which were smaller than the ones that had been 
  so tight in the store. After much squirming, pulling and tugging, which caused 
  the plug and vibrator to raise her excitement level again, Mary managed to get 
  he jeans up. Lisa had to help her to get them snapped and zipped. When they 
  were finally on Mary could hardly move. The jeans were uncomfortable to say 
  the least and they forced the plug and vibrator deeper into their holes. 
  
  Mary then put on the t-shirt Lisa handed her and discovered that it had been 
  cut off so that the bottoms of her breasts were almost visible. A pair of 5" 
  heels completed her outfit. 
  
  Lisa dressed more conservatively took her teacher by the leash and lead her 
  to the car. Without out a word they started the drive across town. Mary had 
  no idea where they were going. 
  
  After driving for over an hour Lisa pulled into the parking lot of an under 
  21 dance club. "Here we are." 
  
  A panicked teacher begged, "Please Ms. Simon, Your pet can't go in there." 
  
  "Sure you can pet. It is dark and loud . No one will recognize you. Take off 
  your collar and you may leave your purse in the car." 
  
  After they got out of the car Lisa gave Mary the following instruction: 
  
  "1. You are to dance with anyone who asks you and permit any liberties they 
  take. 2. You must dance every dance. 3. You are to meet me here at the car at 
  midnight with a 'date'. 4. You may eat anything you like and you must drink 
  at least 3 cans of soda. 5 .Lastly you may not under any circumstances go to 
  the bathroom." 
  
  "But Ms. Simon your pet needs to use the bathroom." 
  
  "You heard my instruction now let's get inside and have some fun. Here chew 
  on this all night," said Lisa handing the frightened teacher a pack of gum. 
  
  
  Dressed as she was Mary had no problem having dance partners. From the moment 
  they walked in she was on the dance floor. She danced fast but carefully because 
  of her breasts moving under the short top. She danced slow and had guys feeling 
  her ass and rubbing her breasts. And the entire time the plug and vibrator were 
  working inside her tight jeans. When she paused to drink a can of soda she noticed 
  her jeans were wet and she was glad it was so dark. 
  
  After about 2 hours her legs were so tired from dancing after all her exercise 
  and her feet were killing her. She was so hungry but the jeans were too tight 
  to allow her to eat anything. Just drinking the soda made them even tighter. 
  As the night wore on she began to lean more and more on her dance partners which 
  only encouraged their hands to roam even more. One guy even put his hands under 
  her top and fondled her nipples. She was ashamed that she enjoyed the attention. 
  
  
  As midnight approached she began to look around to see who she wanted to take 
  out to the car to meet Lisa. She decided on a tall muscular blond guy about 
  20 years old. She had danced with him three times and he had been a gentleman. 
  Even during the slow dance when she could feel his manhood hard and engorged 
  against her stomach he had not done anything inappropriate. 
  
  Just before midnight she asked him to walk out to car with her. He was more 
  than willing. 
  
  When they arrived at the car Lisa was there with another boy. "Hello pet." called 
  Lisa. 
  
  An embarrassed Mary answered "Hello Ms. Simon." 
  
  Lisa introduced her friend and had Mary introduce the boy she had brought. She 
  didn't even know his last name. 
  
  Lisa handed Mary her collar and said to the boys, "My pet here is trained to 
  obey my every command." 
  
  The boys looked open mouthed as the humiliated teacher fastened her collar around 
  her neck. 
  
  "Take off your shirt and show the boys your tits pet." 
  
  Mary looked at Mary with pleading eyes hoping she wouldn't be forced to do this 
  but she saw a look that told her she better expose her breasts to the leering 
  boys. She slowly lifted the t-shirt over her head and bared her hard tipped 
  breasts to Lisa's audience. 
  
  The boys were speechless staring at Mary's bare breasts with the hard swollen 
  nipples. "Go on and play with them if you like," said Lisa. 
  
  The boys wasted no time reaching out rubbing and squeezing her breasts. Mary 
  could do nothing but stand in the parking lot bare chested with two boys mauling 
  her breasts. She was glad they were in a secluded part of the parking lot. An 
  involuntary moan escaped her lips and the manipulation of her breasts combined 
  with the plug and vibrator had her body betraying her. 
  
  "I bet you guys would love to get a piece of her but that is not possible. Explain 
  to them why they can't fill you holes pet." 
  
  Reluctantly with a quivering voice Mary whispered, "I have a plug in my ass 
  and a vibrator in my pussy." 
  
  With a sharp tug on the leash Lisa hissed, "Louder and say it properly slut." 
  
  
  Louder Mary said, "Ms. Simon's pet has a plug in her ass and a vibrator in her 
  pussy," as a tear leaked from her eye. 
  
  "I would love to see that," said one of the boys. 
  
  "That's not possible but I'm sure pet would love to suck you off instead. Ask 
  them if you can pet." 
  
  A totally humiliated teacher asked "May this pet suck your cocks?" 
  
  "Yea" chorused the boys. 
  
  With a look from Lisa Mary struggled to her knees. The tight jeans making it 
  difficult. She reached out and opened the first boys pants as if in a daze. 
  She couldn't believe she was kneeling bare chested in a parking lot sucking 
  a boys cock and had another waiting. Yet her body was ready to explode. 
  
  Soon the first boy exploded into her sucking mouth as his hand continued to 
  pinch and twist her nipples. The second boy was much larger than the first. 
  He had no pity on the sucking teacher as he forced the entire length of his 
  cock into her mouth and down her throat causing her to choke. He rammed the 
  tool in and out of her mouth as she tied to take it all and get the disgusting 
  exhibition over. He really had control and she was forced to kneel and suck 
  him for 10 minutes before he shot his thick hot cum down her throat. She didn't 
  notice but as she was sucking the second boy her hips were rocking back and 
  forth as her body sought release. 
  
  With cum leaking from her lips Mary continued to kneel on the hard asphalt of 
  the parking lot while the second boy put has deflated cock in his pants. "What 
  else does she do?" he asked with a leering look at the used teacher. 
  
  Lisa took a flashlight from the car and shone it on Mary with the cum running 
  down her chin. "Stand up pet." 
  
  Mary struggled to her feet and as Lisa played the light over her body everyone 
  noticed that her jeans had a huge wet spot in the crotch. "You are really a 
  slut pet to get so excited sucking these boys cocks." 
  
  "I will give you one more thing to remember this night by boys." said Lisa as 
  she turned and whispered into Mary's ear. 
  
  A shocked look came on to Mary's face and she shook her head No. 
  
  With a stern look Lisa nodded her head yes and Mary gave up. She spread her 
  legs and with Lisa shining the light on her crotch she relaxed her over extended 
  bladder and felt the piss running around the vibrator and soaking her jeans. 
  The boys broke into uncontrolled laughter as she continued to piss herself and 
  soak her jeans. She could feel the warm liquid run down her legs all the way 
  to her heels. Her face was crimson and her body shook with embarrassment. When 
  the flow finally stopped Lisa said to the boys."Hope you enjoyed your self and 
  maybe next time her holes will be available." She picked up Mary's abandoned 
  shirt and tossed it to her telling her pet to sit on it so that she didn't stain 
  the seats with her soaked jeans. Mary rode home with her breasts exposed and 
  her jeans soaked as she slumped in the corner of the seat and whimpered softly. 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 18 
  
  When the car stopped Mary looked out the window and was surprised to see that 
  they were not at her house. She didn't recognize where she was at first and 
  then she realized they were at Lisa's parent's home. By this time it was very 
  late and Mary was totally exhausted. 
  
  Lisa lead her piss soaked teacher into her parent's house and down to the basement 
  where she ordered the Mary to crawl into a metal dog crate about 3' by 4' and 
  3' high. Mary crawled into the cage and after Lisa had locked the door she tried 
  to make herself as comfortable as possible and fell into an exhausted sleep. 
  Her jeans were still wet and her holes were filled but she just had to sleep. 
  
  
  Mary didn't know how long she had slept. When she woke up it was still dark 
  and there was no sound from upstairs. She did hear a soft breathing from somewhere 
  in the basement but she couldn't see anything. She was shivering cold and extremely 
  uncomfortable. There was little room to move around in the cage and nothing 
  covering her but her stiff tight smelly pants. The odor of her continual excretions 
  and piss were overpowering. She did her best to get comfortable and again fell 
  into exhausted sleep. 
  
  Mary was shocked awake by a blast of cold water from a hose. Lisa's mother was 
  directing the hose over her entire body. The cold water was stinging her bare 
  breasts and soon she was shivering more than ever. 
  
  "Boy do you stink teach. I hope this cleans you up. Maybe I'll have to shove 
  it up those holes of yours that keep leaking all over you." 
  
  The hosing stopped as quickly as it started and Mary was left in the dark again. 
  A shivering shaking mass locked in a dogs cage. 
  
  Sometime later the lights came on and Lisa's mother and brother came down the 
  stairs. Her mother came to Lisa's cage and her brother went to a cage on the 
  other side of the room. Mary had not noticed the other cage last night. Lisa's 
  mother unlocked her cage door and grabbing her leash pulled the stiff cramped 
  teacher from her cage. Mary saw a naked young blonde woman crawl from the other 
  cage. 
  
  "Teach this is kimmy, Mike's current slave." said Lisa's mom. Both women averted 
  their eyes of the other. "She has been Mike's for about a month now and is progressing 
  nicely. Bring her here Mike." 
  
  Mike attached a leash to kimmy and led her over the Mary and his mom. Both owned 
  women were looking at the floor. Mary noticed the kimmy had 6" heels locked 
  on her feet. 
  
  "kimmy give teach a nice kiss," ordered Mike. 
  
  kimmy leaned forward and placed her lips on the shocked teachers. kimmy tried 
  to insert her tongue into Mary's mouth. Mary pulled away from kimmy's searching 
  lips. 
  
  Lisa's mom pulled sharply on Mary's lease and hissed, "Listen bitch. You will 
  do as we say or I'll call your little girl down here to join her mommy. Yes 
  bitch, Amy spent the night with her friend Lisa. Of course we entertained her 
  until Lisa got home from "work" but she is having breakfast upstairs now. 
  
  'NO" screamed Mary. "Please don't involve Amy. I'll do whatever you want." 
  
  "That's better now give kimmy a nice big open mouthed kiss." 
  
  Mary stepped to kimmy and placed her lips on the other woman and gave her a 
  fleeting kiss. 
  
  A swift stinging slap on her left breast and her mouth flew to kimmy's and she 
  gave her a more substantial kiss. kimmy flicked her tongue into Mary's mouth 
  causing her to shudder in disgust. She had never even entertained thoughts of 
  another woman let alone kissing one. FLASH 
  
  "teach we expect more enthusiasm from you or we WILL call Amy down here. Now 
  try again." 
  
  Mary tried to block out the fact the kimmy was a woman and thought of her husband 
  as she gave the young slave an opened mouth tongue kiss. She could feel kimmy 
  tongue swabbing her mouth and much to her dismay she could feel juices start 
  to flow. It had to be her two stuffed holes not the kiss. The kiss lasted until 
  Lisa's mom said to stop. kimmy pulled away immediately but stayed close to the 
  confused teacher. FLASH "I want to see the bitch naked. kimmy take those ridiculously 
  tight jeans off of her." said Mike. 
  
  kimmy dropped to her knees and began to struggle with the tight jeans. After 
  some effort she was able to get the button open and the zipper down. It took 
  a greater effort to peel the jeans over her ass and down her legs as she stood 
  passively and allowed herself to be stripped naked. 
  
  Once the jeans were pulled down to her thighs the vibrator shot out of her slippery 
  pussy and fell to the floor. She felt an emptiness and a longing for something 
  to fill her empty hole. kimmy continued to skin the jeans from the trembling 
  teacher's legs and pulled them off her feet, putting her heels back on immediately. 
  Mary was standing before Mike and his mother and a naked collared young woman 
  in heels and collar with a plug in her ass. 
  
  Mary was shocked out of her daydream by a stinging slap on her breasts from 
  Mike's mom. She was holding a thin flexible rod with a wider leather tip. It 
  really stung but only left a red mark. "Spread your legs teach." she ordered. 
  
  
  Mary complied and heard Mike order kimmy to remove her plug with her mouth. 
  She could feel kimmy breath on her ass and her lips and teeth working around 
  the base of the plug. She felt the plug begin its painful slide out of her ass 
  as kimmy pulled back with her mouth. The plug popped out and Mary was left with 
  another yawning empty hole. She couldn't believe she would miss the full feeling 
  the plug and vibrator had given her but she did. "What am I turning into,' the 
  bewildered teacher thought. 
  
  Mary was lead over to a table like affair with a V shaped extension on one end. 
  She was ordered to kneel on the extension and her ankles and calves were strapped 
  into place. Then she was forced to lay back with her shoulders on the table 
  and her head hanging over the edge. Straps were tightened across her body above 
  and below her breasts. Her arms were strapped to the table on each side of her 
  body. The extensions were opened wider which cause her now empty pussy and ass 
  hole to be fully opened and exposed. Mary lifted her head and could see her 
  obscene position in the large mirror mounted above the table. 
  
  "Well teach you were not very enthusiastic on your date last night I've been 
  told. You didn't encourage your dance partners enough to sample your charms. 
  You hesitated to piss when you were ordered by your owner. You dropped your 
  slimy vibrator on my floor without permission and your actions with kimmy have 
  not shown enough fervor to suit me. Apparently you desire some punishment to 
  help your correct your ways. said Lisa's mom." 
  
  "No Mrs. Simon. I'm sorry. Please don't punish me." begged the bound teacher. 
  
  
  "Call me Mistress teach." ordered Mrs. Simon. 
  
  "Yes Mistress." responded Mary quickly. 
  
  "Well you want one of two thing teach. You either want to be punished to help 
  you learn to obey OR you want me to call your daughter down her right this moment 
  so you can explain your position to her. Which is it?" 
  
  "Please don't call Amy down here Mistress." 
  
  SMACK The leather tipped rod strikes Mary's right breast just below the nipple. 
  "I didn't say to tell me what not to do but rather you are to make a choice 
  and beg me to do one of the two". 
  
  Her breast was stinging and her legs were already beginning to cramp the reeling 
  teacher had to make a choice immediately. "Please punish me to help me obey 
  Mistress." stuttered Mary. 
  
  "Then punishment it shall be. I wouldn't make too much noise or they might hear 
  something upstairs. (Mary didn't know the basement was soundproofed.) 
  
  Mrs. Simon took the leather tipped rod and began smacking it on Mary's breasts 
  harder and harder each smack. All around the nipples. Mary moaned and bit her 
  lip to keep quiet as her breast became red and inflamed. Suddenly the leather 
  smacked very hard directly on her left nipple causing Mary to gasp. This was 
  swiftly followed by a smack to the right nipple eliciting a small yelp from 
  the trussed up teacher. The smacking stopped and Mike moved forward and attached 
  a pair of nipple clamps to her abused swollen nipples. He gave a tug on the 
  chain connecting them to be sure they were on tight. Mary moaned. 
  
  Mrs. Simon moved between Mary's spread legs and began smacking her swollen mound. 
  "teach you must really like this you are leaking all over yourself." 
  
  The confused teacher didn't know what was happening. She could feel the fires 
  raging inside her but she but her nipples were aching and her legs were cramping 
  unbearably. She felt the leather hitting her mound and shivers went through 
  her with each jolt of pain. Tears flowed from her eyes as the smacking of her 
  pussy went on and on. Finally it stopped. Her body was on fire inside and out. 
  
  
  "Are you ready to obey teach?" asked Mrs. Simon. 
  
  "Yes Mistress", babbled the incoherent teacher. 
  
  "Beg Mike to fuck you in the ass teach." demanded Mrs. Simon. The dazed teacher 
  said. "Please Mike fuck me in the ass." 
  
  SMACK His huge hand slapped the inside of her thigh. What are you supposed to 
  call me bitch?" 
  
  "Sir" she blurt. "Please fuck my ass Sir." 
  
  Mike moved between her legs and slowly inserted his hard cock into her ass hole. 
  It was much larger than the plug but with the her juices that had been running 
  down her crack he was able to get the head in past her tight ring. Grabbing 
  the chain between her clamped nipples Mike forced himself forward until he had 
  sunk his entire cock deep in her bowels. Mary's head trashed back and forth 
  as her ass was stretched and the pain in her cramped legs became more than she 
  could bear. 
  
  Once Mike was all the way in he began to slowly slide in and out watching her 
  ass cling to her cock. He would pull on her nipple chain as he sawed in and 
  out to add to her discomfort. Mary was beside herself. She didn't like any of 
  this yet she could feel her body getting hotter and hotter. She was petrified 
  that she would orgasm while he fucked her ass and didn't even touch her inflamed 
  pussy. Just as she was beginning to reach the point of no return she felt Mikes 
  cock shoot gob after gob of hot cum deep in her ass. And involuntary groan escaped 
  her lips as she felt Mike pull his cock from her stretched ass. 
  
  Mike ordered kimmy to clean his cock which she did with no hesitation. "See 
  bitch that is how you must respond to avoid more severe punishment. Do you understand?" 
  
  
  "Yes Sir." 
  
  "One other thing bitch. Remember you must always answer as "Lisa's pet'. Anymore 
  slipups and the punishment gets worse. 
  
  "Yes Sir, Lisa's pet understands." 
  
  That's better. kimmy get teach loose and we will see if she can follow orders. 
  
  
  kimmy released Mary from the table. Mary wanted to scream as she moved her legs 
  from the cramped position. 
  
  "Give her a kiss to make her feel better kimmy". ordered Mike. 
  
  Mary opened her mouth and accepted with enthusiasm a hot wet kiss from kimmy. 
  FLASH 
  
  "I think it is time we get a good video of you teach. We have enough pictures 
  but I want to have some videos to enjoy. You will do exactly as you are told 
  without hesitation. You will act eager to be involved and you will be smiling 
  when we can see your face. Any questions?" 
  
  "No Sir, Lisa's pet has no questions." 
  
  "Good. First kimmy will fix your make-up and get you all ready." 
  
  Mary sat impassively as kimmy applied her makeup expertly. Her nipples were 
  still clamped and throbbing. When she looked in the mirror she saw she was made-up 
  like she used to do her makeup. Her hair while shorter and frosted looked respectable. 
  You could recognize her even with all the changes Lisa had made. (Hair, exercise., 
  weight loss.) She was glad to look like her old self but then she realized they 
  wanted her to be recognizable in the video. 
  
  When kimmy finished Mary was told the plot of the video She shuttered and fell 
  to her knees begging not to have to do what they wanted. 
  
  Mike simply waited until Mary had gained control of herself and said, "Either 
  you do it or we will have to find someone else up stairs to take your place." 
  
  
  Hearing what Mike said caused Mary to stop immediately and say. "Sir Lisa's 
  pet will do as you order." 
  
  "I expect a very good job or we will not hesitate to replace you. kimmy fix 
  her makeup again and lets get started." 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 19 
  
  kimmy redid Mary's make-up and straighten her hair. Then Mrs. Simon handed Mary 
  a bag and told her to put on the clothes inside. She took the clamps off of 
  Mary's swollen nipples and allowed her to get dressed. kimmy moved off to the 
  other side of the room. 
  
  Mary looked in the bag and found a black lace garter belt with matching black 
  stockings and one of her favorite powder blue business suits. The last time 
  she had seen it was when she was going through her closet for Lisa which seemed 
  like a century ago. 
  
  Once she was dressed she saw her reflection in the mirror and was reminded of 
  her old self. How she wished she could go back to those times before all this 
  had happened to her. 
  
  kimmy came back across the room and Mary's breath caught in her throat. She 
  was dressed in Amy's favorite red dress and her hair was pulled back just the 
  way Amy wore hers. For a second she thought it was Amy before she realized it 
  was kimmy made up to look like her. 
  
  Mrs. Simon lead the two over to a couch placed along the wall. She outlined 
  again what was expected of Mary and reminded her that a substitute was available 
  just upstairs if she didn't do a very convincing job. Mike would direct the 
  video and they were to follow his directions enthusiastically. 
  
  Mike ordered the two to sit on the sofa and talk with each other. Mary couldn't 
  stop seeing Amy not kimmy sitting there. Mike ordered Mary to begin kissing 
  kimmy. 
  
  Mary leaned forward knowing they wouldn't hesitate to bring Amy down to see 
  her mother. She pressed her lips against kimmy and felt kimmy's tongue searching 
  her mouth. "More tongue," order Mike and Mary began running her tongue around 
  kimmy's hot wet mouth. The kiss went on and on. Mary could feel her pussy heating 
  up. She had been so close so often in the last week, her fuse was short. The 
  warm moist lips on hers were sending false messages to her brain. She couldn't 
  actually be enjoying kissing her daug..., kimmy like this. 
  
  Why was Amy flashing through her mind. The dress and perfume were Amy's which 
  didn't allow Mary to put the thought out of her mind.. 
  
  "Begin to play with her tits bitch while you are kissing." 
  
  Mary moved her hand to kimmy breast and began massaging her through Amy's dress. 
  She could feel kimmy hard nipples through the material. She wasn't wearing a 
  bra. The hard nubs were burning her hands as she opened the buttons on the dress 
  and reached inside to touch the bare breast. Amy moaned into her open mouth 
  as the kiss became more arduous. 
  
  Their tongues were waged in a real battle and Mary could feel herself getting 
  more and more excited by the demanding tongue and lips kissing her and the feel 
  of the warm swollen breast in her hand. kimmy opened the jacket on Mary's suit 
  baring her breasts to the camera. Mary was to the point she hardly noticed. 
  Her nipples were swollen and painfully stiff. kimmy's touch was like electricity 
  to her sensitive nipples. 
  
  Mary's breath was becoming labored as her body climbed to it's natural peak 
  in this unnatural situation. Mary leaned forward and took kimmy's nipple into 
  her mouth. She wondered why but couldn't stop herself. She was sucking and nibbling 
  kimmy's nipples while kimmy slipped her jacket off and twisted and pulled her 
  tender nipples. Mary's pussy was almost steaming. 'This is not normal but I 
  need it.' thought Mary as her knees slid apart. 
  
  kimmy stood and removed her dress and Mary with little direction from Mike reached 
  out and touched another woman's pussy . She could feel the heat and juices as 
  they soaked her fingers. kimmy squirmed on the end of the teachers probing fingers. 
  
  
  kimmy pushed Mary's skirt up revealing her bare thighs. As the sliding skirt 
  continued it upward trip her shaved pussy came into view with her secretions 
  clearly visible. She ran her fingers up Mary's slit and sent shivers through 
  the teacher's body. Mike told Mary to lie down on the couch and then had kimmy 
  climb on and continue kissing and rubbing their bodies together. Mary was nearing 
  orgasm. 'I need to cum but this is not right' thought the confused teacher. 
  
  
  kimmy broke the kiss and turned her body around so her face was above Mary's 
  dripping pussy and Mary was looking into kimmy's own drenched cunt. 
  
  Mike ordered Mary to lick kimmy pussy. Mary was so far gone she had difficulty 
  understanding what he was talking about. Mike hissed, "Get your tongue in that 
  pussy bitch or your daughter will be down here in 30 seconds. 
  
  The mention of her daughter reminded Mary of her impossible situation and she 
  reached out with her tongue touching the other woman's pussy. She wanted to 
  gag but just at that moment kimmy pushed her pussy down on her face and locked 
  her lips deep in her musty wet slit. Mary's face was trapped between kimmy's 
  tight thighs with her lips deep in her disgusting wet slit. To compound her 
  confusion kimmy at that very moment ran her tongue across Mary's clit sending 
  her over the top. Her body spasmed and she had the most intense orgasm of her 
  life. 
  
  kimmy began sliding her pussy up and down Mary's lips and face while licking 
  and sucking Mary spasming pussy sending her into repeated orgasms. Mary body 
  was thrashing as she was in the throes of continuing orgasms. kimmy's pussy 
  kept sliding over her face. Her mouth and nose were surrounded with the kimmy's 
  hot scent. Soon kimmy was over the top and cumming on the teacher's face. The 
  two exhausted women couldn't move for a while and then finally kimmy climbed 
  off Mary. Both women were soaked in sweat and their faces were covered with 
  the others cum. 
  
  As Mary began to come back to reality she was shocked with the intensity of 
  her orgasms. There were 5 or 6 that she could remember. Then the realization 
  of what she had done hit her like a sledgehammer. Her body started shaking and 
  she crumpled to the floor vomiting all over herself and the floor. She was appalled 
  at what she had done and allowed to be done to her. 
  
  After 10 minutes of uncontrolled sobbing Mrs. Simon slapped Mary very hard across 
  the face. "That's enough." She tossed Mary the jacket to her suit and said, 
  "Clean up that mess right now." 
  
  Mary took the jacket and wiped her face first and the wiped the vomit from her 
  body. Then using the jacket to her favorite suit she cleaned the vomit from 
  the floor until it was clean. 
  
  "Take off the skirt and throw the suit in the trash teach. I was going to let 
  you wear it home but now it is ruined." 
  
  Mary did as she was ordered and came back and sat on the couch next to kimmy 
  as she was ordered. She couldn't look at anyone she was so ashamed. She sat 
  with her stocking covered leg locked tightly together totally ashamed of what 
  had just happened. 
  
  "That was quite a performance teach. Lets watch the video." 
  
  Then Mary was forced to watch herself in an obscene lesbian sex session. Mike 
  pointed out how it looked as if she seduced this young girl and had sex with 
  her. Mary tried to look away but Mike forced her to watch every minute. The 
  video lasted 90 minutes which was a surprise to Mary it hadn't seemed that long. 
  She was ashamed that it seemed she enjoyed herself tremendously. The film showed 
  her having repeated orgasms and licking kimmy like there was no tomorrow. 
  
  "I think anyone watching this will see you are a child seducing lesbian slut. 
  I hope for your sake we don't have to show it to anyone." 
  
  Mary realized that she was beyond any hope now. No one seeing this tape would 
  ever believe she had been forced to make it. And kimmy looked about 14-15 in 
  the video. Then she noticed that the couch was exactly like the one in her house 
  and the picture behind the couch was like her's also. They had planned everything 
  and now she was caught in a web from which there was no escape. 
  
  When the video ended Mrs. Simon went upstairs. Mary was petrified that they 
  would send Amy down. She sighed with relief when Lisa and her father came down 
  alone. 
  
  "We heard there was a hot new video. Lets watch it together." 
  
  Mary couldn't believe she was going to be forced to watch her indecent behavior 
  again. 
  
  Mr. Simon said to Mary, "Since you have seen this already crawl over here and 
  suck on this," as her lowered his pants exposing his huge semi-hard cock. 
  
  Mary knew he was big but she couldn't believe he was so large and he wasn't 
  even hard yet. She slide to the floor and crawled across the room as she saw 
  her disgusting video starting again. When she reached Mr. Simon he grabbed her 
  by the hair and fed his hardening cock into her open mouth. "Take it slow and 
  easy teach I hear this tape is a long one." 
  
  Mary began sucking the growing cock in her mouth. She knew she had no choice. 
  Her life would never be the same again but she could at least protect her husband 
  and daughter from the humiliation of what she had gotten herself into. 
  
  "You look like you real enjoy kissing kimmy pet." said Lisa as she watched the 
  video. She made constant comments about what Mary had done on the tape while 
  her teacher knelt practically naked and sucked her father's cock. 
  
  Mary just wished it would all end. She wanted to go home and wake up from this 
  nightmare. She could feel the cock in her mouth growing and pulsing. She tasted 
  the precum on her tongue as she slide her lips up and down the thick pole. 
  
  "kimmy go over and slide under pet and lick her pussy while she sucks daddy," 
  ordered Lisa. 
  
  The naked slave of her brothers crawled over and slide under the kneeling teacher 
  forcing her legs wider apart. Her mouth directly below Mary's red swollen pussy. 
  She reached out with her tongue and began licking inside the spread teacher's 
  pussy. Her nose was running over Mary's swollen clit and sending bolts of pleasure 
  through her body. 
  
  Mary struggled to pull her mouth off the leaking cock in her mouth and escape 
  the lips and tongue probing her private area. Mr. Simon held her in place easily 
  and forced his cock into her throat gagging her until she stopped struggling. 
  When she settled he withdrew slightly and allowed her to breath again and moved 
  her head up and down as a signal to get busy. 
  
  Mary was trapped. A thick, hard cock in her mouth pulsing and growing, ready 
  to fill her mouth with cum and a young woman's tongue thrashing her clit and 
  setting her body afire. She couldn't resist either. She slid her lips down the 
  throbbing shaft and gave in to the tormenting tongue and was overcome by another 
  earth shattering orgasm. 
  
  Lisa's father shot a thick load down her open throat and then pulled his squirting 
  cock and blasted her face with hot burning cum. 
  
  "What a slut you are pet. You must really love being used. You can cum from 
  sucking a hot cock and you obviously love having your pussy licked. What would 
  your class say if they could see you now? I bet your husband never made you 
  cum like that." 
  
  "Nooooo, I do not enjoy this at all," stuttered the cum covered teacher. 'What 
  is wrong with me? How can I cum when they are making me do these filthy things. 
  I'm a happily married teacher with a wonderful family. I could never enjoy anything 
  like this.' Yet...how could she explain her orgasms. They were more powerful 
  than any she had ever experienced before.???? 
  
  Mary remained kneeling with the softening cock in her mouth while they finished 
  watching her video. She was thankful she didn't have to watch it again. 
  
  When the video was over Mary was lead back to her cage and locked in. The TV 
  was wheeled in front of the cage and the video was started again. It was set 
  to rewind and continue to play until someone shut it off. kimmy was ordered 
  to slip a dress over her naked body and lead up stairs. The lights were shut 
  off leaving the confused teacher in the dark watching herself perform acts she 
  had never even imagined. She could feel the cum drying on her face as her exhausted 
  body drifted off to sleep to the light of the TV showing her continuous orgasms 
  into kimmy's mouth. 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 20 
  
  Mary's sleep was restless at best with the constant flickering of the TV reminding 
  her of what she had been through. She shuttered at the thought that she had 
  enjoyed everything to the point of repeated orgasms. Here she was locked, practically 
  naked, in a dog cage with a very explicit video of her and another woman playing 
  over and over and her pussy was soaking wet with her excitement. How could she 
  ever get back to a 'normal' life? 
  
  As these thoughts ran through her mind the lights came on and she heard 2 pair 
  of footsteps coming down the stairs. She couldn't see who was coming and hoped 
  one of them wasn't Amy. 
  
  Lisa came around the corner followed by kimmy on a leash. Mary breathed a sigh 
  of relief. 
  
  kimmy open her cage and Mary crawled out stretching her cramped legs. She remained 
  kneeling hoping that pleased Ms. Simon. 
  
  "kimmy is going to help you to shower so we can go out tonight pet. I want you 
  to be sure to thank her for being so kind. Use your imagination. She has been 
  ordered to report to me on your behavior and I trust you will meet my expectations." 
  
  
  kimmy lead Mary to the small bathroom on the other side of the basement. She 
  knelt and removed Mary's heels and stockings. Standing she removed Mary's garter 
  belt and finally her collar. kimmy removed her own collar but her heels were 
  locked on and she lead Mary into the tiny shower after adjusting the water to 
  a comfortable temperature. 
  
  kimmy took the soap and lathered Mary's exhausted body. She kneaded her stiff 
  sore muscles with her slippery hands. Once Mary was clean kimmy began massaging 
  and rubbing her breasts with the swollen nipples. One hand slipped down and 
  into her steaming pussy. As kimmy's fingers slid up and down her slit and over 
  her nipples Mary's hips began to sway back and forth. She quickly was lost in 
  a fog as her body responded to kimmy expert manipulations. Out of nowhere Mary's 
  body was slammed by an intense orgasm that caused her knees to give out and 
  she would have slipped to the floor had not kimmy's fingers been deeply embedded 
  in her spasming pussy. 
  
  "Now it's your turn," said kimmy as she gently pushed down on Mary's shoulder 
  pushing her to her knees. 
  
  With the warm shower falling over her, Mary in a contented daze, reached out 
  and spread kimmy dainty pussy lips and began to run her tongue up and down over 
  her swollen clit. As Mary came down from her high she realized what she was 
  doing and tried to pull away but kimmy held her face firmly against her humping 
  pussy. 
  
  With a loud moan kimmy's secretions flowed onto Mary's licking lips. Her hips 
  thrusting forward forcing Mary's face deep into her wet pussy. 
  
  After her orgasm kimmy pulled Mary back to her feet and gave her a hard deep 
  kiss to which Mary, to her dismay, responded enthusiastically. Finally kimmy 
  broke the kiss and finished showering with Mary. The two got out of the shower 
  and toweled each other dry. Mary was dismayed that she was actually feeling 
  an attraction for this young woman. 
  
  kimmy put her collar on and then fastened Mary's collar around her neck. Mary 
  slipped on her heels at kimmy's direction and with kimmy carrying the discarded 
  stockings and garter belt the two left the steamy bathroom. 
  
  As the two naked slaves entered the basement they saw Lisa sitting on the couch 
  watching TV. "Your clothes for tonight are over there on the chair pet. Get 
  dressed and kimmy will fix your hair and make-up for you. I'll be upstairs getting 
  ready. I put your purse there too with all of your required articles. Be sure 
  to bring it when we leave. kimmy when you finish with pet Mike wants to use 
  you up in his room. Be sure to slip a dress on before coming up so we don't 
  shock our guest." 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon". responded the two slaves in unison. 
  
  Mary moved to the chair and found a pair of 5" red heels and a pair on denim 
  bib overalls. Stepping out of her current heels Mary slipped into the overalls. 
  She found them to be at least 2 sizes too large. After fastening the suspenders 
  over her shoulders she adjusted the straps so that her breasts were covered 
  as much as possible, which wasn't much, and the waist was in the right place. 
  She could slid both hands down inside the overalls without opening them. She 
  knew she was in for an evening of embarrassment and putting herself on display 
  again. She wasn't sure she could do it again. She put the heels on her feet 
  and buckled the straps on her ankles. Her breasts fell out the side of the bib 
  with the slightest sideward movement. 
  
  kimmy expertly applied her makeup in the fashion Ms. Simon liked and her hair 
  was done as any normal teenage would love. Her earrings were changed to larger 
  hoops in each of the five holes. When Mary looked in the mirror she was shocked 
  to see herself. She looked more like a teenager than ever with the clothes and 
  the make-up. The hair and earrings were the finishing touches that brought her 
  image together. The heels and overalls made her look like a teenage slut on 
  the prowl. She couldn't possible go out in public like this. 
  
  Slipping a dress over her head kimmy gave Mary a fleeting kiss and climbed the 
  steps to her Master. Mary was left standing there waiting for her owner. She 
  used the time to check her purse and found her black dildo, plug, nipple clamps 
  and 11 rubbers. "What does she have planned tonight" Mary mumbled to herself. 
  I hope food is part of her plan. I haven't eaten anything since yesterday and 
  that wasn't much. 
  
  Shortly Lisa came down wearing a stylish skirt and sweater with white socks 
  and tennis shoes. She really was attractive. 
  
  Grabbing Mary's leash, "Come pet we have places to go and people to see." 
  
  Mary discovered walking in the high heels caused her body to sway from side 
  to side slightly which threaten to cause her breasts to pop out the sides of 
  the overalls. She would have to walk very carefully. 
  
  As they drove across town in Mike's van with Lisa at the wheel. Mary waited 
  in fear to see what her owner had planned tonight. She didn't have long to wait. 
  
  
  "Well pet tonight we are going to the "Hub" (a local teenage hangout with an 
  extensive arcade, bowling alley, pizza shop, and dance floor). 
  
  Mary's greatest fears were coming true. She was going to be displayed to a horde 
  of teenagers looking like a hot teenager wanting to get some action. 
  
  "First we are going to get a pizza and some Coke. Then you will find at least 
  six different guys and take them individually or as a group out to the van and 
  show them each a good time. I want 6 rubbers filled and in your purse for me 
  tonight. Tie them tight so you don't leak any of their valuable nutrients. " 
  
  
  "Ms. Simon your pet can't do that. There are kids from our school who go there." 
  
  
  "Well you better be careful then. You wouldn't want anyone else to have bad 
  evidence on you would you?" 
  
  "Please Ms. Simon your pet begs to go somewhere else." 
  
  "Enough whining. I want to go there and that's we are going. If you can't or 
  won't do as you are told you will be severely punished and then all of your 
  pictorial history will be exposed. Daddy is making several copies of your video 
  now." 
  
  "Ms. Simon your pet will do as ordered but is begging for your compassion and 
  understanding." 
  
  Lisa parked the van in a dark corner of the lot and removed Mary's collar. Come 
  in and eat first you have a lot to do tonight and we need to advertise you are 
  here. 
  
  Mary followed Lisa into the "Hub" very conscious of the display her loose breasts 
  were providing under the too large bib of her outfit. Lisa found a table in 
  the center of the pizza shop and sent her self conscious pet to get a small 
  pizza with a coke and water. 
  
  Mary walked to the counter very aware that her heels made her ass sway and her 
  breasts threatening to fall out the side at any moment. She placed her order 
  and stood trying to hide herself waiting for it. She surveyed the crowd looking 
  for faces she might recognize and need to avoid and also looking for prospects 
  to complete her assignment. Her face blushed hot and red when she realized she 
  was looking over a room of teenage boys to find six guys to gather cum from. 
  
  
  When the pizza was finished Mary took it with the 2 drinks back to the table. 
  Lisa indicated she should stand and and gave her one piece of pizza. 
  
  "This should give you enough energy to get through the evening. Eat up and then 
  get busy. You have 2 hours." 
  
  Mary thankfully ate the pizza even though she didn't taste it. Her mind was 
  on what she was now being required to do. She was also appalled at herself because 
  she could feel the moisture growing in her pussy as she thought about what she 
  was about to do. 
  
  As soon as she finished the pizza Mary moved into the arcade area. She had no 
  idea how to begin to get the first boy to take her to the van. As she was pondering 
  her plan she heard someone say "hi". She turned and found herself face to face 
  with a rather good looking young man. 
  
  "Hi" she replied. 
  
  They got into a pleasant conversation and Mary noticed his eyes seemed to be 
  constantly drawn to her semi exposed breasts. After about 10 minutes of chatting 
  Mary finally got the courage to ask him if he would like to take a walk. Of 
  course he was more than willing. As they went outside Mary steered him toward 
  the van. She hoped she had the courage to get through this. When they were next 
  to the van Mary swallowed her pride and leaning close gave the young man hard 
  tongue lashing kiss. She allowed his hands to roam freely over her breasts. 
  
  
  Mary was ashamed that she was getting excited by this perverse action but she 
  convinced herself she was being forced to do this. She opened the door to the 
  van and pulled her current partner into the van. After locking the door Mary 
  knew she would complete the assignment. 
  
  Mary slid the straps off her shoulder allowing the bib to fall baring her breasts 
  to her young suitor. He began sucking her nipples and she opened her purse and 
  took out the first rubber. 
  
  Mary had planned to suck the six guys which wouldn't be too bad because they 
  would cum in a rubber and she would be , in her mind, uninvolved. But her pussy 
  was signaling her brain it needed filled. Mary slid out of her pants while her 
  current lover pulled out his thick hard cock. Mary opened the rubber and slid 
  it over the head of his tool and rolled it down the shaft. Laying back she spread 
  her legs and pulled the young man on top of her guiding him into her steaming 
  hole. 
  
  The young man was so turned on by the fact the this older girl was fucking him 
  he lasted only about 15 strokes before he shot a huge wad into the rubber. He 
  collapsed onto the frustrated Mary. She had just been getting into the rhythm 
  when he shot off. 
  
  Struggling out from under the young man Mary carefully rolled the rubber off 
  the spent cock and tied the end so that nothing would leak out. 
  
  Mary hurried to dress and get the young guy out so she could get on to number 
  2 and hopefully get the fire in her pussy extinguished. She glanced at her watch 
  and was shocked to see that she had been with this guy 45 minutes. She only 
  had 1 hour and 15 minutes to get 5 more rubbers filled. She couldn't believe 
  she had sunk to the level of gathering cum to please her owner. But she had 
  to protect her family. Rushing the guy out of the van Mary quickly moved back 
  to the arcade to find number 2. 
  
  Mary decided to take the direct approach since her time was running out faster 
  than she expected. She saw a tall muscular blond guy near the door and walked 
  directly up to him with her breasts threatening to pop out the sides of her 
  bib at any moment. "Could you help me?" she asked. 
  
  A quick look at the practically exposed teacher and he answered, "Sure. What's 
  the problem?" 
  
  "I need some help out at my van." the embarrassed teacher responded. She could 
  not believe she was picking up this young man just to milk his cock for a rubber 
  full of cum. She didn't recognize this person she had become. Mary took his 
  hand and lead him out to the parking lot. 
  
  When Mary reached the van she opened the door and invited the shocked boy inside. 
  He couldn't believe this was happening to him. 
  
  Mary closed the door and shrugging the straps from her shoulders she kissed 
  the astonished boy passionately thrusting her tongue into his mouth. His hands 
  began to squeeze and fondle Mary's breasts and swollen nipples as she struggled 
  to get his pants open and release his thickly swollen cock. Once she had freed 
  his hard cock from his jeans she immediately rolled a rubber down its 9" length. 
  This rubber had little nubs all around the head she noticed as she was putting 
  it on the excited boy. "Please done cum too soon," she panted as she pulled 
  the boy between her legs. 
  
  Mary could feel the nubs on the rubber sliding over her clit and deep into her 
  boiling hole. Thanks to the nubs Mary reached an intense orgasm quickly and 
  wrapping her legs around the trusting blond hunk she worked to give him a quick 
  release. To her amazement he had great staying power and brought her to a second 
  more powerful orgasm before erupting into the rubber. 
  
  Mary was weak from her orgasms and laid quietly for several minutes with the 
  young man shrinking cock still in her pussy before she realized she needed to 
  get moving. She carefully slide out from under the boy and removed his filled 
  rubber and tied it tight. As she was slipping back into her overalls Mary glanced 
  at her watch and was shocked to see that this guy had used 35 minutes of her 
  remaining time. She became frantic when she realized she only had 40 minutes 
  to get 4 more rubbers filled. 
  
  She thanked the boy for his 'help' and rushed back into the arcade. As soon 
  as she walked in she spotted a group of boys from her school. Knowing she couldn't 
  let them see her she rushed back out into the parking lot. 'Now what am I going 
  to do?' she wondered. 
  
  Without much thought knowing if she didn't complete her assignment her owner 
  would punish her severely she stopped two boys about to enter the 'Hub'. "Could 
  you guys help me with my van?' she asked. She hated that she allowed herself 
  to be forced to do this but she had no choice. 
  
  "Sure." they answered giving each other a leering look. 
  
  Mary led them to the van and opened the door inviting them inside. She couldn't 
  believe she was acting this way but she said to the boys. "I need cock." she 
  said as she reached for their zippers. The boys helped her to get their cocks 
  out and fondled her breasts which fell out of her bib while she rolled a rubber 
  on each boy. She kicked off her overalls and had one boy sit in the chair in 
  the back of the van and told the other boy to get behind her. She guided the 
  boy behind her into her well used pussy and slide her mouth down on the other 
  boy. 
  
  The sheer depravity of her position caused her to experience another powerful 
  orgasm as one boy shot his load in her pussy and the other's pulsing cock pumped 
  a thick load into her mouth. 
  
  Knowing her time was running out the tired teacher collected the two filled 
  rubbers and hustled the boys out of the van. She scanned the lot and spotted 
  three guys getting out of a car near the van. Recognizing she had very little 
  time she had no choice. She approached the boys and asked for their help with 
  the van.. Looking at her disheveled appearance and her breast which was peaking 
  out from under the bib, they readily agreed. 
  
  Mary took all three boys into the van and sliding out of her overall she helped 
  the boys to get their pants open. After putting rubbers on all three boys Mary 
  got in the same position and guided one into her pussy and swallowed the second 
  while holding the third hot cock in her hand pumping it slowly. 
  
  Because her pussy was slick with her juices the boy fucking her lasted a very 
  long time during which she sucked off the first boy and then the third boy. 
  Finally the second boy shot into her pussy and she quickly gathered her filled 
  rubbers and kissed each boy good bye. 
  
  Mary straighten herself as much as possible and cautiously went into the arcade 
  to find her owner. Mary spotted Lisa sitting at the same table talking with 
  two girls she didn't recognize. She went over and stood silently waiting for 
  Lisa to acknowledge her. 
  
  Lisa ignored her for 10 minutes before looking at her and asking, "Did you get 
  what you were told to get?" 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon." 
  
  "Did you spill something on your lap pet?" asked Lisa with a wicked smile. 
  
  Mary looked down and saw the entire crotch of her overalls was a huge dark blue 
  spot. Her face turned several shades of red when she saw her mess. 
  
  "Go wait for me in the van. And by the way you were 10 minutes late getting 
  back." 
  
  Mary answered "Yes Ms. Simon." With lowered eyes and shaking inside Mary move 
  quickly to the van knowing she had not been successful in avoiding punishment. 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 21 
  
  Mary hurried to the van wanting to get away from the embarrassment she had been 
  through. Once she was inside she locked the door and slide down in the seat 
  hugging her used body. The van reeked of sex and Mary could feel the wetness 
  in the crotch of her overalls. 
  
  As she sat there her mind began to wonder back to the events of the evening 
  and she was horrified that her pussy was again throbbing and leaking onto her 
  pants. 'What had she become?' Her mind was saturated with the thoughts of the 
  young boys and their throbbing cocks. Her hands reached into her purse and felt 
  the 7 cum filled rubbers reminding her that she had enjoyed what had happened 
  to her. She had even orgasmed. She was so ashamed. 
  
  But she had disappointed her owner. Lisa was sure to punish her and she deserved 
  everything her owner did to her. 'Why am I feeling this way? What is happening 
  to me?' 
  
  Lisa left her pet in the van for over an hour while she relaxed with her friends. 
  When she finally went out to the van she found her pet huddled in the passengers 
  seat hugging herself with tears dried on her cheeks. 
  
  "Please forgive your humble pet Ms. Simon," said Mary as soon as she heard the 
  door opening. She wanted her owners forgiveness. 
  
  "Too late pet. You have embarrassed me by not obeying my instructions. I expect 
  more from my pets and when I don't get what I expect I have to punish them so 
  they will improve." 
  
  "Your pet understands and accepts any punishment you demand Ms. Simon." 
  
  Lisa smiled to herself and started the van. "Sit up straight and lower your 
  bib pet, ordered Lisa. 
  
  Mary sat tall and lowered the bib baring her breasts to anyone who looked. As 
  they drove through the parking lot Lisa honked the horn so that people would 
  look and see her pet on display. 
  
  Mary cringed but remained sitting tall facing forward as her owner displayed 
  her breasts to all the teenagers in the parking lot. She knew her face was beet 
  red but she had to be punished for embarrassing her owner. 
  
  Lisa drove toward Mary's house but decided to drive through a fast food place 
  because she didn't want Mary to become too weak to continue. Her night was just 
  beginning. 
  
  Mary sat bare chested as they drove through and got their food. Lisa ordered 
  Mary a chicken sandwich with a side salad and a glass of water. Then Lisa parked 
  in the nearly deserted lot under a light while Mary wolfed down her food. She 
  didn't even notice the car load of young boys who parked next to them and were 
  ogling her bare breasts. 
  
  When she finished eating Lisa told her to wave good bye to the boys. She became 
  mortified when she realized they had been staring at her exposed breasts. Her 
  impulse was to cover herself but knew that would further displease her owner 
  so she swallowed her pride and waved to the boys allowing them a clear view 
  of her naked breasts. 
  
  When they arrived at the teacher house Lisa ordered Mary into the kitchen. She 
  left Mary standing in the center of the room with her overalls around her ankles 
  while she went back out to the van. 
  
  When she returned she ordered Mary to carry a kitchen chair into the living 
  room and sit down on it in the center of the room. Mary was left with only her 
  heels on her feet as she sat on the hard wooden chair. Lisa when up stairs to 
  her room and returned in a few minutes with several items in her arms. 
  
  Lisa ordered Mary to stand and she sat in the chair. "Pet you really need to 
  learn to follow instructions. You have disobeyed me every time I gave you a 
  task to perform. I intend to punish you to encourage you to be a better pet. 
  You do want to be a better pet don't you?" 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon your pet wishes to improve and please you." 
  
  "Show me your collection tonight pet." 
  
  Mary went to her purse and took out the 7 cum filled rubbers. 
  
  "Why are there 7 ? I ordered you to fill 6." demanded an irritated Lisa. 
  
  "Ms. Simon the last group I could get had 3 boys and I had to do them all." 
  
  
  "Let me explain. I said 6 rubbers filled. If you got yourself in a situation 
  where you had more boys than rubbers allotted you should have done the extra 
  without a rubber. Are you totally stupid?" 
  
  "Sorry Ms. Simon, your pet understands now." 
  
  "Bend over my lap pet." 
  
  Mary bent over her owners lap knowing she was about to be spanked like a naughty 
  child. 
  
  "You kept me waiting 10 minutes, you couldn't stop and wasted a rubber, and 
  you are in your house without your collar. We will start with 50 swats with 
  this hairbrush. Count each swat pet." 
  
  SMACK "One" 
  
  SMACK "Two" 
  
  By the tenth swat Mary was sobbing and having difficulty counting the swats. 
  
  
  SMACK "Ffffffifteen" 
  
  The spanking continued. By the 25th swat Mary's ass was on fire and she was 
  squirming uncontrollable on Lisa's lap. 
  
  Lisa paused for a moment and reached between her pets thighs and felt her juices 
  flowing freely. "You really enjoy this don't you pet?" 
  
  "No Ms. Simon it hurts terribly." 
  
  "Your pussy tells me you are enjoying this. Don't cum my pet." 
  
  An embarrassed teacher endured the remaining 25 swats in more pain than she 
  had ever endure in her entire life yet a building heat in her pussy disturbed 
  her even more. When Lisa was finished Mary's ass was a deep red and throbbing 
  in pain. "Stand up pet and don't touch your ass or pussy." 
  
  Lisa got off the chair and placed a rubber pad on the seat. The pad was covered 
  tiny hard rubber nubs. 
  
  "Ms. Simon may your pet get her collar?' asked Mary through the tears from her 
  spanking. 
  
  "Yes pet and get your plug too." 
  
  Mary hurried to her purse and took out her collar and plug. 
  
  "Put your plug where you like to have it pet." 
  
  While she didn't like the plug in her ass Mary knew where Lisa wanted it. She 
  bent her knees slightly and performed the humiliating task of sliding the plug 
  deep into her ass. 
  
  "Sit here pet." ordered Lisa indicating the nubbed pad. 
  
  Mary gently lowered her throbbing ass onto the pad. Her pain intensified and 
  the plug slide even deeper into her ass. 
  
  Lisa the tied Mary's hands behind the chair and the to the rung under the chair 
  holding her to the seat. Then she tied a rope above and below Mary's breasts 
  forcing her tightly against the back of the chair. 
  
  Then Lisa ordered Mary to lift her legs and put her heels on the front edge 
  of the chair. This cause Mary to spread her legs to accommodate Lisa's order 
  and sent jolts of pain through her abused ass.. Mary used this position to lift 
  her sore ass slightly from the nubbed pad to ease the pain. 
  
  "I want you to drop your feet and squeeze your thighs together holding this 
  in place", said Lisa as she slide an 8" long vibrator deep into Mary's sopping 
  wet pussy. "My, my you are really getting into this pet." 
  
  An ashamed teachers blushed even deeper red but said nothing as she dropped 
  her legs holding the vibrator deep inside her pussy. She knew to allow it to 
  slip out would make matters much worse and she wanted to show her owner she 
  could be obedient. 
  
  Lisa then tied Mary's thighs tightly together locking the vibrator in place. 
  She then bound her knees and ankles tightly together. Mary was now immobilized 
  in the middle of her living room, naked tied to a chair with her ass plugged 
  and her pussy leaking juices around a long hard vibrator locked in her pussy. 
  How much worse could it get? 
  
  Lisa moved to the TV and inserted a video tape into the machine and turned it 
  on. Mary was shocked to see the inside of the van. Then she saw herself and 
  the first boy she brought into the van that night. "What???" 
  
  "The van is equipped with a sound activated infrared video camera. We have your 
  entire evening recorded forever here." explained Lisa. 
  
  As they watched the tape Lisa commented on Mary's actions. Her technique was 
  critiqued and responses were noted. Mary was especially ashamed of her pleasure 
  that was evident throughout the video. She was nothing more the a bitch in heat 
  in the video. It clearly demonstrated she was the aggressor and that she enjoyed 
  every minute of it. Lisa pointed out that while the first two boys were 18 the 
  3rd and 4th were sophomores which makes them 16 and the last three were 17, 
  16, and 15. Clearly underage. "After you finish watching this tonight I'll have 
  daddy make several copies in case you want them distributed". 
  
  Just when Mary thought it couldn't get any worse it did. Now she could lose 
  her job and family and go to jail. Lisa truly owned her now. 
  
  "I'm really tired pet. I'll put your rubbers in the fridge you enjoy the video." 
  said Lisa as she went into the kitchen. 
  
  'I can stand this punishment'. thought Mary, 'I thought it would be worse'. 
  
  
  Lisa came back into the room ,"Oh I forgot a few things." She moved in front 
  of Mary and what she had in her hands brought panic to Mary's heart. Lisa had 
  a skirt hanger with the two clamps spaced wide apart. Mary knew Lisa was going 
  to attach them to her nipples. The pain was much worse than the nipple clamps. 
  
  
  Lisa stepped back to admire her work. "We are almost done pet. But I don't want 
  to listen to you all night so open wide." 
  
  Mary opened her mouth and Lisa fastened the penis gag into place. Her nipples 
  were throbbing she knew it would be a long night. 
  
  Then Lisa did something the Mary didn't expect. She lifted Mary's bound legs 
  until she could attach the hanger hook on the skirt hanger around the rope binding 
  Mary's knees together. "Now if you can hold your legs up all night your nipple 
  won't be stretched too much." 
  
  Mary's eyes opened wide with fear. She couldn't possible do that. She would 
  pull her nipples off. As she struggled to hold her legs up she discovered she 
  could barely get her toes on the edge of the chair which allowed her to take 
  the strain off her nipples but she couldn't keep them there long because of 
  the strain on her legs. 
  
  "One final touch and I'm off to a good nights sleep." Lisa reached down and 
  forcing her finger between Mary's tightly bound thighs turned on the vibrator. 
  "Good night pet". 
  
  Lisa went up stairs to bed and left Mary tied in the living room with all the 
  lights on and the video playing. 
  
  Mary struggled to keep the strain off her nipples by alternating holding her 
  legs up and using her toes to rest her cramping thighs. She tried to ignore 
  the buzzing deep in her pussy and the ache of her ass resting her entire weight 
  on the nubbed pad. She could see herself fucking and sucking teenage boys on 
  her TV and when she glanced at the entry way she saw herself as she looked now. 
  Her mind was overloaded but she had to concentrate on protecting her stretching 
  nipples. Her discomfort was growing each minute but so far she was able to maintain 
  herself. 
  
  Suddenly out of the blue her body was wracked with an intense orgasm. Her legs 
  slipped and she painful pulled her nipples, which much to her dismay triggered 
  another more intense orgasm. As the pain increased so did the intensity of her 
  orgasms. By morning she was totally exhausted and her body was overwhelmed by 
  the pain of her stretching nipples and the pleasure in her pussy which because 
  it was so intense and so often was almost like a pain too. 
  
  When Lisa came down she saw her pet soaked with sweat with her thighs quivering 
  and the nubbed pad on the chair were cover with her juices. It was even dripping 
  on the floor. Mary seemed to be in a daze. 
  
  Lisa released the hanger from the rope around her knees allowing her legs to 
  fall to the floor and her nipples to draw back from their stretched length but 
  she left the hanger attached to her nipples. Sliding her finger between her 
  soaked thighs Lisa turned off the buzzing vibrator. Next she removed the gag 
  from her pets mouth. 
  
  "Your pet is sorry Ms. Simon." 
  
  "Don't you want to thank me?" 
  
  Your pet thanks you for teaching me the importance of complete obedience." 
  
  Mary was so exhausted she passed out at this point. 
  
  Lisa finished untying her pet and lowered her to the floor in her own juices 
  and allowed her to sleep. She had plans for this evening. 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 22 
  
  Lisa allowed her pet to sleep until noon (about 4 hours). Then she woke her 
  and ordered her to clean up the mess in the living room and get herself cleaned 
  up. She gave her 30 minutes. 
  
  Mary awoke slowly. The first thing she noticed were her nipples which were very 
  red and sore. Her pussy was aching too and she found the vibrator laying between 
  her soaked legs. The plug was still in her ass. She struggled to her knees and 
  found the wet spot on the carpet. Not wanting to disappoint her owner Mary forced 
  herself to get moving noting the time. She put the chair back in the kitchen; 
  gathered the ropes, clamps and vibrator; cleaned the carpet and hurried up stairs 
  taking the toys with her. She quickly removed her collar and heels and stepped 
  into a hot shower. She hurried to wash the juices and sweat from her sore body. 
  Her nipples were so sensitive that the water hitting them caused her to jump 
  in pain. 
  
  After a quick shower Mary did her make-up and hair. She replaced her collar 
  and moved into the bedroom to see if her owned had laid out anything for her 
  to wear. She found the too small bra and girdle, a loose red skirt and a red 
  t-shirt cut to expose her stomach and a pair of 5" red heels. Mary put the bra 
  on bringing tears to her eyes as her abused nipples were compressed. As she 
  tugged the girdle up she realized that Lisa had glued fine sand paper in the 
  crotch and ass sections. Each step rubbed the sand paper over tender parts. 
  After putting on the skirt, t-shirt and heels she hurried down the stair to 
  the kitchen with 3 minutes to spare. By the time she reached the kitchen the 
  skin on her pussy and ass was beginning to become irritated by the sand paper. 
  
  
  "Very good pet," said Lisa patting her teacher on her head. 
  
  Mary felt a burst of happiness that she had pleased her owner. 
  
  First I want you to drain the contents of your fun last night into this cream 
  pitcher and wrap the used rubbers in Saran wrap and put them in your purse. 
  
  
  Mary did as she was ordered and was astounded that the creamer was filled with 
  cum when the last rubber had been emptied. 
  
  Now Amy will be home in an hour. Prepare dinner and make a pot of coffee. You 
  are permitted to sit for dinner today. Make something especially tasty, I'm 
  really hungry. 
  
  Mary hustled around the kitchen and managed to prepare a meal which everyone 
  found satisfactory. Sitting on the hard wooden chair made her ass hurt and her 
  nipples were throbbing. She did her best to keep a smiling face so Amy would 
  not notice. Everything was somewhat normal. After dinner when Mary placed dessert 
  on the table Lisa said to Mary," Did you forget the coffee?' 
  
  "Sorry Ms. Simon", said Mary as she jumped to get the coffee. 
  
  "Get some for yourself too." 
  
  Mary poured coffee for Lisa and herself. 
  
  Lisa got up and got the cum filled creamer out of the refrigerator. "Here is 
  your cream Mrs. C." 
  
  Mary was trapped. She poured some of the cum into her coffee. She couldn't believe 
  she was sitting it her kitchen with her daughter drinking cum laced coffee. 
  She drank the coffee but she couldn't look at Amy. Lisa and Amy talked about 
  school and except for the throbbing nipples, sand papered ass and pussy and 
  drinking cum laced coffee it was a normal dinner conversation. 
  
  After dinner Lisa and Amy went into the living room leaving Mary to clean up. 
  Amy used to clean up after dinner but now she is Lisa's friend and Mary had 
  the duty. 
  
  When the kitchen was spotless Mary walked into the living room to find Amy and 
  Lisa watching TV. Her heart jumped into her throat. But it was a movie Amy had 
  rented the night before. Mary shivered with relief. "I thought you were going 
  to weed the flowers and cut the grass," said Lisa. 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon I just wanted to let you know I would be out in the yard." Yard 
  work was the last thing Mary wanted to do. She really wanted to get out of the 
  torturous clothes and sleep but she knew Lisa was really giving her orders. 
  So she went to the yard. 
  
  "Why does my mom call you Ms. Simon?" asked Amy. 
  
  "She calls all the kids Ms. or Mr." answered Lisa. "It's really nice she respects 
  kids so much." 
  
  "Doesn't she respect me?" asked Amy. 
  
  "Well It would be unusual for Mrs. Clark to call her daughter Ms. Clark. Maybe 
  you should ask her to call you Ms. Amy, that wouldn't sound silly." 
  
  "Do you think she would?" 
  
  "We could ask her together and I bet she does." 
  
  Mary spent the next two hours weeding and cutting the grass. She felt ridiculous 
  doing yard work in a short skirt and heels. By the time Lisa called her into 
  the house she was covered with dirt and grime and sweating profusely. Her ass 
  and pussy felt raw from the sand paper and she had to move carefully not to 
  grimace with each step. 
  
  When Mary came in Lisa said to her, "Mrs. C. you look like you need a shower. 
  Take your time. Amy and I can wait 45 minutes for our sandwiches." 
  
  Mary understood her directions and hurried as fast as she could up the stairs 
  to get out of the girdle and bra. 
  
  When she had stripped Mary checked her ass and pussy but found them to be red 
  and irritated not rubbed raw as she had feared. She took a long shower and the 
  after drying herself she did her hair and make-up. Then she checked for her 
  clothing and found a long white t-shirt and heels on the bed. She slipped the 
  shirt over her head being careful not to mess up her hair and after strapping 
  the 5" heels to her sore feet she went down to the kitchen with 10 minutes to 
  make the sandwiches. 
  
  When the sandwiches were ready and the table set for two she called Lisa and 
  Amy to the kitchen. 
  
  "You saved us from starving Mrs. C. we could not have lasted 3 more minutes." 
  said Lisa. 
  
  Mary knew she had made it within the limit. 
  
  "Aren't you eating Mrs. C.?" asked Lisa. 
  
  Lisa smiled and said "Why don't you at least eat a half of sandwich with us?" 
  
  
  Mary took a half of sandwich and ate it standing next to the table. She tried 
  hard not to wolf it down she was so hungry. 
  
  Lisa thought, she is really learning. She should be ready for the meeting next 
  Saturday.' 
  
  Mrs. C., Amy and I were talking while you were working in the yard and she thinks 
  it is cool that you call all your students Ms. or Mr. We thought since she is 
  even more special than your regular students she might enjoy you calling her 
  Ms. Amy from now on. 
  
  Amy was all smiles and a compliant Mary said, "Of course I would do that for 
  my daughter." Mary knew she had just dropped another rung down the ladder. 
  
  "Amy is going to Sue's tonight to study and sleep over." 
  
  "Amy is not usually permitted to sleep over on school night," responded Mary. 
  
  
  "Mom aren't you going to use my new name? Lisa said I could stay over." 
  
  Mary swallowed and said,"Well if Ms. Simon thinks it is ok, you can stay over 
  Ms. Amy." Mary was very uncomfortable with this situation but she was trapped. 
  
  
  While Mary cleaned up the kitchen Lisa drove Mary to Sue's house. As soon as 
  they had gone Mary sat down and had a good cry. Her situation just kept getting 
  worse and worse. She removed her t-shirt and placed her collar around her neck 
  without even thinking about it. Her owner demanded obedience. 
  
  When Lisa returned she took Mary by the leash and lead her up stairs. "You are 
  working very hard to be obedient pet. I hope I don't have to punish you again 
  like last night." 
  
  Mary smiled at the praise her owner had given her. She would work hard to please 
  her and avoid punishment. 
  
  Lisa took Mary into the bed room and helped her apply lotion to her sore ass 
  and pussy. She spent extra time being sure Mary was heating up before she stopped 
  and got out Mary's clothing for the evening. Tonight we are going to stop at 
  a salon and then we are going to a place for you to learn a new trade. 
  
  Mary didn't like the sound of that and was even more apprehensive when she saw 
  the clothing Lisa picked for her. A thin white cotton crop top which allowed 
  her nipples to be clearly visible and barely covered her breasts; and a coordinated 
  thin black cotton skirt the length of a cheerleader skirt with nothing under 
  it. Lisa had her change into a pair of white 6" heels with ankle straps. 
  
  "Fix up your make up. A little heavy with the eye liner and lip stick. Do your 
  hair and change back into the large hoop earrings. 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon." said Mary as Lisa left to get dressed for the evening. 
  
  When Lisa came back she was wearing jeans and a red blouse. Her clothing seemed 
  conservative to Mary or was Mary's outfit that outlandish. 
  
  Grabbing her leash Lisa led Mary to the car and off they went. Their first stop 
  was at a salon named the Emporium. It was a tattoo and piercing salon. Lisa 
  lead Mary into the salon by her leash. Mary wanted to die of embarrassment. 
  She had never been in public while collared and leashed before. Lisa said to 
  the woman working there,"My pet wants her belly button pierced with a small 
  gold hoop with a P soldered on." 
  
  Mary's eyes grew wide as she heard what Mary said. She was going to be pierced 
  and a letter P would be soldered permanent into her belly button. How would 
  she explain the piercing and then the P. She couldn't refuse and embarrass her 
  owner. She would be punished if she did. But she didn't want to embarrass her. 
  She realized it had nothing to do with punishment. A piercing was so little 
  to please her owner. 
  
  The woman did the piercing and soldered the gold hoop into the hole with a P 
  dangling from it. Mary felt a thrill go through her body as the P was soldered 
  into place. She didn't understand the feeling but it was as real as was the 
  heat in her pussy. 
  
  "Any other piercing?" Asked the woman. 
  
  "Not today but soon we will be returning." answered Lisa. "Pay the woman pet." 
  
  
  Mary opened her purse and discovered she had no money so she had to use a credit 
  card. The woman knew her name now. She noticed a wooden hair brush had been 
  added to her purse along with everything else. The woman's eye sparkled when 
  she saw all the stuff in Mary's purse. Mary was mortified that the woman saw 
  her toys. She felt a hot spasm in her pussy at the same time. 
  
  Lisa took Mary's leash and lead her back to the car with her newly pierced belly 
  button sporting a P visible to the world. "Do you know what P stands for pet.?" 
  
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon your pet believes the P stands for pet." 
  
  Lisa drove to the other side of the city and pulled up to a placed called Bare 
  Elegance. Lisa turned to Mary and explained the situation. "We are going in 
  here so that you can observe how the dancers work the stage and do private dances. 
  You are coming here on Thursday to enter the amateur contest and I expect you 
  to win. You will be practicing at least 2 hours a night until then. While we 
  are in here tonight you will be sitting at a table in the back. You will have 
  at least 3 girls do private dances for you. If any men come and sit with you 
  they are to be allowed to do anything except fuck you. You will masturbate each 
  guy and allow his cum to shoot all over your legs and skirt. You will then tell 
  them to see me at the bar and tell me how you did. If I get any bad reports 
  you will of course be punished pet. Maybe right here with the hairbrush." Lisa 
  handed Mary $30 dollars for the private dances and said "You will have to get 
  the gentlemen to buy your drinks. You may drink but don't get drunk. Oh and 
  one more thing. When there is no man with you I want to see you playing with 
  your bare pussy." 
  
  Mary was in shock as she followed Lisa into the establishment. She was permitted 
  to leave her collar in the car but she was still quite a sight in her outfit. 
  She was to masturbate any stranger who sat with her and allow them to take liberties 
  with her body. She was to play with herself in public. How could she do this. 
  It was very wrong. But her owner demanded it. Her pussy was soaked and her nipples 
  were poking holes in her thin top. They were still extremely tender from last 
  night. Mary moved to a table in the back that Lisa indicated in a daze. It took 
  2 minutes for a guy to pull up a chair with her. 
  
  The gentleman introduced himself as Paul. He asked if she would like a drink. 
  She ordered a sprite and as he talked with her she studied the stage. There 
  were two girls on the stage. One was totally naked and the other had removed 
  her dress and was wearing only a g-string. They were swaying and gyrating to 
  the music as men sat around the stage. When a man held up money the girls would 
  kneel on the stage in front of the guy and do a little special thing and then 
  he would put the money in her garter. They usually allowed the man a few 'feels' 
  while he tipped them. 
  
  As she looked around the room she saw girls doing dances at the tables. They 
  danced naked very close to the man, almost touched him. Some of the girls actually 
  allowed some touching and rubbed themselves on the guy's knee. She noticed girls 
  circulating offering dances to the seated men. Her eyes met Lisa's at the bar 
  and she felt an energy flow through her and she wanted to please her owner. 
  She wasn't ready to begin masturbating this guy so she motioned for a tall red 
  head with platform 6" heels that she wanted a private dance. 
  
  Mary was quite embarrassed as the nude woman danced for her. She pushed her 
  large breasts into Mary's face and Mary could feel the bare pussy grinding into 
  her thigh. She was most disturbed because her own pussy was beginning to leak. 
  
  
  After the song was over the woman placed her high heel shoe on the edge of Mary's 
  chair with the toe against her wet pussy while Mary slipped a $10 bill into 
  her garter. A knowing smile crossed the dancer's lips as she kissed Mary on 
  the cheek. 
  
  As she moved off the gentleman sitting with Mary moved closer and she could 
  feel his hand on her thigh. A glance at her owner and Mary let her hand slide 
  to the man's lap. She found a hard mass inside his tight jeans and whispered 
  to him," If you take that out I'll take care of it for you." in a soft sexy 
  voice her owner would be proud of. She couldn't believe she had said that and 
  was now sitting with a complete stranger sliding her hand up and down his hot 
  pulsating cock. His hand found its way to her sopping pussy and as he slid 2 
  fingers deep inside her she experienced her first orgasm of the night. Soon 
  after that she felt the hot splash of his cum on her thigh and skirt. The man 
  whipped his cock on her skirt and got up to leave. She asked him to please go 
  and tell Lisa how she had done. She so wanted Lisa to be pleased. 
  
  Before another man could join her she got the attention of a short well built 
  blonde dancer and had her second private dance. She watched what the dancer 
  did and took mental notes so she could make her owner proud on Thursday. She 
  couldn't believe she would be doing that here on Thursday. After tipping the 
  dancer 2 guys came over and sat with Mary. They obviously had seen what she 
  had done before and their pants were open and she was presented with two more 
  cocks. One began fingering her pussy while the other played with her super sensitive 
  nipples. As the guy in her right hand shot all over her she had another orgasm 
  herself. After the second guy added his load to her thigh they were off to tell 
  Lisa as Mary begged them to. 
  
  She began playing with herself without even thinking about it when a very tall 
  large black dancer came up and said Lisa had sent her over. She talked to Mary 
  the entire time she danced for her. Telling her she was a slut and she couldn't 
  wait to get her here on Thursday after work for some real fun. This made Mary 
  nervous but when the dancer shoved her toe into Mary's pussy she erupted in 
  another orgasm. 'What is happening to me?' she wondered. 
  
  By the time Lisa was ready to leave Mary had lost track of the number on men 
  who had cum on her. She could feel their cum running down her legs and a glance 
  at her black skirt showed it to be covered with white cum. She could actually 
  feel the cum running into her shoes. She had been mauled for hours and had orgasmed 
  repeatedly. Her pussy was worn out from the night before and now this. She had 
  not had this many orgasms in her entire life. All she could think about was 
  the fire in her pussy. She was watching the dancers but also watching the men 
  wishing them to come and help her put out her fire. 
  
  As she got up to leave there was a rousing cheer as her cum covered body walked 
  proudly behind her owner to the door. 
  
  As soon as they were in the car Mary's inexplicable began to cry. She didn't 
  know why but she knew this was all wrong as her fingers slid into her overheated 
  pussy and she cried all the way home. 
  
  Lisa permitted Mary to shower and then ordered her to do her nails and toes 
  nails in a bright red polish for tomorrow. She told her they would be going 
  to get 'real' nails put on tomorrow. 
  
  Mary went to bed on the floor with orders to wake her owner at 7:00 with breakfast 
  ready. She sobbed herself to sleep as visions of shooting cocks passed through 
  her mind and her fingers gently stroked her swollen pussy. 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 23 
  
  Mary awoke at 5:30 A.M. to find her fingers still in her soaked pussy. She immediately 
  completed her morning masturbation, struggling to stop before orgasm as required. 
  She forced her exhausted body to the shower. She took a long shower and felt 
  slightly better after drying her hair and doing her make up. Her mind was in 
  a turmoil. She couldn't understand why her pussy was constantly hot and wet. 
  She had flashes of hard cocks invading her mind and she had a unconscious desire 
  to please Lisa. What was wrong with her. She was a mother, wife and teacher. 
  These thoughts were sick. 
  
  So Lisa had some pictures of her. She should just face the music and get out 
  of this situation. But she knew she didn't have the courage to fight Lisa. The 
  pictures were bad but the videos would put her in jail. She had everything to 
  lose and nothing to gain by fighting Lisa but she knew what she was doing was 
  wrong. With her mind thoroughly confused she padded naked to the kitchen to 
  fix breakfast for Lisa. 
  
  At exactly 7:00 Mary woke Lisa. The aroma of toast and coffee filled the house. 
  Lisa slipped on a robe and lead her pet back to the kitchen. Lisa ate the delicious 
  breakfast while the hungry teacher stood obediently drinking a cum laced cup 
  of coffee. Lisa also permitted Mary to eat a dry piece of toast. 
  
  Lisa was headed for upstairs after eating leaving the kitchen for Mary to clean 
  when she noticed the answering machine blinking. She pressed the button and 
  heard Bill Clark's voice. He had called the night before and basically said 
  the normal miss you and stuff but what interested Lisa the most was the last 
  sentence. "I'll be home Thursday night around 6:30. Could you pick me up at 
  the airport?" Lisa hurried upstairs to get ready for school. 
  
  When Mary came up to her room she found her clothes for the day laid out on 
  the bed. A black garter belt with black stockings, a short full black print 
  skirt, a black camisole and an open weave knit vest with 4" black ankle strap 
  heels to complete the outfit. Mary inspected herself in the mirror and found 
  she actually looked 15 years younger. The only drawbacks to the outfit were 
  the lack of panties and bra. She was very aware that her bare ass was only inches 
  from view and her nipples were protruding through the camisole and if the vest 
  were to shift from the position she had arranged it they would be noticeable 
  to her students. 
  
  Mary went down to meet Lisa in the kitchen. Lisa handed her a lunch she had 
  prepared for her and said, "No peeking until lunch time pet." 
  
  "Yes, Ms. Simon" answered Mary as she removed her collar and leash and placed 
  them in her purse. She thought she would have to get a larger purse soon with 
  everything Lisa made her carry with her. 
  
  The morning went almost normally. The only distractions were her constant state 
  of excitement and the fact that she caught herself looking at the boys in her 
  class imagining the size of their cocks. Every time this happened she was repulsed 
  at her thoughts. 
  
  As lunch approached Mary became apprehensive. She knew Lisa always had some 
  disgusting, embarrassing activity for her in her lunch. When the bell rang for 
  lunch Mary took her lunch bag to the faculty dining room. People had stopped 
  asking her to sit. She went over to the corner counter and opened her lunch. 
  Inside she found a salad with crackers, a small apple a bottle of chili powder 
  and a note. 
  
  Pet, enjoy your lunch. There is nothing special for you to do before you eat. 
  After lunch you are to go back to your room and do your regular after lunch 
  playing. When the bell rings for the end of lunch you are to dip your finger 
  into the chili powder and dab It onto your clit. Do this just before you open 
  the door to let my class in. 
  
  L 
  
  Mary ate her lunch and then proceeded to her room. Locking the door she lifted 
  her skirt and fingered her pussy to the point of orgasm. Her mind told her this 
  was wrong but her body betrayed her. Stopping before she orgasmed was very difficult. 
  Her body craved release. When the bell rang Mary quickly dipped her wet finger 
  into the chili powder and dabbed it on her clit as ordered. She opened the door 
  and suddenly her pussy was on fire. Before she knew what was happening her body 
  was rocked by an intense orgasm. She had to grab the desk to remain standing 
  and bite her tongue to keep from crying out. 
  
  Her students filed into the room and while they gave her strange looks no one 
  could tell the problem. Mary's pussy continued to spasm as the chili powder 
  migrated through her wet pussy. She was afraid to move because she knew another 
  orgasm was on its way. 
  
  Mary struggled with her burning pussy. She was beginning to sweat and her pussy 
  was gushing trying to extinguish to fire. All of her students were now seated 
  and looking at her. She had to do something. "Class I want you to open your 
  books and read sections 2 through 9." 
  
  Mary glanced at Lisa and saw her shaking her head no as if she could read her 
  mind. Mary had planned to go to the restroom and quench the fire In her pussy. 
  But seeing Lisa she knew she was going to have to deal with it here. She would 
  have loved to sit behind her desk and try to cope with the burning but she wasn't 
  permitted to sit. A second orgasm rushed through her body causing her to grip 
  the desk tighter. By this time she was sweating profusely and her knees were 
  weak. Somehow Mary managed to get through the class. Lisa did ask about that 
  'smell' again before the bell sent the students to their next class. Thankfully 
  Mary had the next period open and went to the restroom and tried to ease the 
  burning with paper towels soaked in cold water. As she was leaving the restroom 
  after drying her self and her thighs of the copious juices which soaked the 
  tops of her stockings and the back of her skirt. The burning in her pussy was 
  diminished but there was no way to douse the fire completely. 
  
  The rest of the day Mary was constantly dabbing the moisture from her face and 
  between classes running to the restroom to dry the constant secretions of her 
  pussy. When the end of the day finally arrived Mary couldn't even remember what 
  she had taught during the afternoon. Her mind was totally centered between her 
  legs. 
  
  Lisa came strolling in as Mary was wiping her forehead. 
  
  "A little warm pet?" asked Lisa . 
  
  "Ms. Simon that was a terrible trick. I had three orgasms right in front of 
  my class. I can't afford to lose this job or my reputation." yelled Mary. 
  
  "You did well pet. I knew you would control yourself but it was amusing to watch. 
  If you get caught everyone will think you are the sick one. No one knows about 
  us remember." 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon. I'm sorry I yelled at you." 
  
  "Sorry doesn't cut it pet. Give me your purse and bend over your desk." 
  
  "Please Ms. Simon. Not here. I'm sorry." begged the teacher as she handed her 
  purse to her student. 
  
  Lisa flipped Mary's skirt up over her up turned ass and proceeded to spank her 
  ass with the hairbrush until it was bright red. Mary was squirming on the desk 
  and the tears were running down her face smearing her make up. Lisa noted the 
  flow between Mary's legs and knew she had this bitch. 
  
  Lisa ordered the spanked teacher to the corner. "Put your nose in the corner 
  and hold your skirt high so I can see your red ass when I come back. Don't move 
  an inch." Lisa left the room leaving the spanked teacher on display in the corner. 
  
  
  Mary wanted to die of shame. What if someone came by? Bubba was around. He made 
  her nervous. She could hear someone walking down the hall. Mary could feel the 
  juices running down here legs as her fear grew. She knew someone was at the 
  door but she dare not look. "Unwrap your cum collectors and place them in your 
  wastebasket for Bubba. He must think you're really hot stuff." said Lisa. Mary 
  breathed a sigh of relief that it was Lisa as she lowered her skirt and moved 
  to obey. Mary blushed making her face as red as her ass and placed the 7 used 
  rubbers in the trash. She hoped Bubba wouldn't notice them. 
  
  "I'll drop you at the gym pet on my way to take Amy to dinner. I want you to 
  drink 2 cans of orange juice for nutrition while you are there. We will pick 
  you up in 2 hours. Continue the same exercises as last week. They seem to be 
  working.' I made an appointment to have your nails done at 6:30." 
  
  After an exhausting workout Mary drank her two cans of orange juice and waited 
  outside for Lisa to return. Lisa pulled up at around 6:15 with Amy in the car. 
  Mary climbed into the back seat thankful to be able to sit down and rest her 
  weary body. 
  
  When they arrived at the nail salon Lisa told the technician that both Mary 
  and Amy were getting nails. She wanted them to be identical. Amy had been bugging 
  Mary for months to get nails but Mary had refused. 
  
  After a hour or so Mary and her daughter left the salon with identical long 
  dark red finger nails. Mary was upset that Lisa had permitted Amy to get nails 
  let alone long red ones. But she knew better than to disagree with Lisa. 
  
  When they got home Amy went off to her room to do her homework and Lisa sent 
  Mary off to practice her dancing. She had Mary dance in front of a full length 
  mirror in her bedroom. Removing her clothes and swaying and gyrating to the 
  music. After about a 1/2 hour Mary was about to collapse but Lisa simple got 
  the hairbrush out of Mary's purse and she forced herself to continue. Mary tried 
  to divert her eyes from watching herself stripping and dancing naked in her 
  bedroom but she couldn't avoid seeing herself preparing to win a contest she 
  didn't even want to be associated with. She knew she had to go along with Lisa 
  until she could find a way out without hurting her family. 
  
  Around 10:30 Amy knocked on her door to say good night. "Night Mom.". 
  
  "Night Amy" called the naked dancing teacher. 
  
  "Mom your supposed to call me Ms. Amy. Remember?" 
  
  Mary cringed. "Yes Ms. Amy. I'm sorry I forgot." 
  
  Lisa permitted Mary to go to sleep early with orders for breakfast at 7:00. 
  
  
  Mary masturbated quietly on the floor before going to sleep. Her pussy was still 
  tingling from the chili powder. As she drifted to sleep her mind was so confused 
  about everything. She was having a difficult time determining right from wrong. 
  Her values were constantly being assaulted. 
  
  The next day went along like a normal day. There were no surprises at lunch 
  and aside form masturbating twice everything was as it used to be before all 
  this started. After classes Lisa came to Mary's room and informed her that they 
  needed to go shopping after the gym to find something to wear to 'work' on Thursday 
  night. This brought Mary back to her real situation. 
  
  As they were leaving the school they ran into Bubba as he was cleaning the hall. 
  "Hi Bubba" said Lisa. Mary couldn't look Bubba in the eye. She was aware that 
  he was giving her a through look over while he chatted with Lisa. 
  
  The constant exercise and lack of substantial food was beginning to have an 
  effect of Mary. Her mind was also showing the effects of the stress and she 
  was too tired to think straight. She felt like she was floundering in a deep 
  pit but she couldn't find the ladder. Her body was constant aroused and her 
  mind wandered. As she waited for Lisa to pick her up at the gym she realized 
  she was lost and maybe there was no way out. 
  
  When Lisa picked up Mary at the gym she was alone. She told Mary that Amy was 
  at her mothers. 
  
  This disturbed Mary but she couldn't complain. 
  
  They headed for the mall and directly to Victoria's Secret. Lisa helped Mary 
  pick out several G-strings, various color wonder bras to enhance her ample breasts, 
  and some long slinky dresses. Lisa sent Mary to the changing room with orders 
  to change and come out and show her what she looked like. 
  
  Mary went to the changing room and as she began to remove her blouse she saw 
  her reflection in the mirror and stopped. She didn't even recognize this person 
  she had become. Why was she subjecting herself to this treatment. She rebuttoned 
  her blouse and without further thought stepped out of the dressing room to confront 
  Lisa. 
  
  Lisa saw Mary coming and had been expecting some rebellion soon. She grabbed 
  Mary's arm before she could say anything and lead her back to the dressing room. 
  Once in the changing stall Lisa backed the bigger, older teacher against the 
  wall and said," Listen pet, if you you think for one minute I won't release 
  the pictures and tapes you are sadly mistaken. You have two choices at this 
  point and 30 seconds to make up your mind. You can leave here and I guarantee 
  you will make the news tomorrow or you can get naked and bend over with your 
  hands on the chair and your ass in the air. Make up your mind." 
  
  Mary realized her mistake. She had gotten herself into a situation from which 
  she could find no escape. Her life was ruined but at least she could save her 
  husband and daughter from devastation. She slowly began removing her clothes 
  as quietly wept in despair. When she was naked and in the required position 
  Lisa opened Mary's purse and got the hairbrush. Lisa reddened Mary ass with 
  25 hard spanks with the hairbrush. The sound of the spanking could be heard 
  all over the store. Lisa walked out and ordering Mary be try on an outfit and 
  come out. 
  
  With no way to fix her smeared make up a very contrite teacher dressed in a 
  black g-string and wonder bra with exposed nipples and a sheer long spaghetti 
  strap gown walked from the changing area to the main store. Her eyes were downcast 
  but she could feel all eyes on her. Lisa made her turn and lift her gown displaying 
  her hot red ass to anyone who wanted to look. Lisa was satisfied with the outfit 
  and ordered Mary to purchase it along with 3 additional g-string/bra sets. 
  
  When Mary came out Lisa told her to thank the clerk for the use of her dressing 
  room for her attitude adjustment and to apologize for any disruption her correction 
  may have caused. Lisa walked out leaving the teacher to obey her instructions 
  but she remained near the door to witness her teachers humiliation. 
  
  Lisa walked to the checkout counter and said, "Thank you for allowing my owner 
  use your dressing room to correct my attitude. I'm very sorry for any disruptions 
  I may have caused." Her face was as beet red and she couldn't look the girl 
  in the eye. The sales girls mumbled, "That's ok." She was as embarrassed for 
  the woman as she was embarrassed and wanted to get these people out of the store. 
  
  
  Lisa took the penitent pet to the shoe store where Mary had collected her first 
  cum. Thankful for Mary the neither salesman was working. Mary had her buy a 
  pair of platform heels with 7" heels. They rode home in silence as Mary's mind 
  tried to come to grips with the despair she felt. 
  
  When they got home Amy was not yet there. Lisa sent Mary to her room and ordered 
  her to change into her dance outfit and start practicing. Mary went to her room 
  and forced her drained body to dress and begin performing for the mirror. She 
  danced and stripped and then got dressed and did it over and over. The new platforms 
  heels hurt her feet and were difficult to dance in but by the time her 2 hours 
  were up she had mastered them. 
  
  Lisa came in and watched the last dance. "I will be very disappointed if you 
  don't win." said Lisa. 
  
  " Your pet will do her best to make you proud Ms. Simon." 
  
  Lisa picked up the discarded g-string. "Pet you are soaked this g-string. Wash 
  it out before bed." 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon. Ms. Simon Where is Amy's?" 
  
  "She went to the mall with friends. She should be home by 11:00." 
  
  "11:00!!!!! It is a school night and she is to be home by 9:00 and in bed by 
  10:00." ranted Mary. 
  
  "Pet she is growing up now. She needs more freedom. She is now permitted out 
  till 11:00 on school nights and midnight on weekends unless I extend her curfew." 
  
  
  "I'm her mother and I make the rules for her." 
  
  "Not any more pet unless you want to be totally honest with her about everything." 
  
  
  Mary was speechless. She was losing everything. 
  
  "Go to bed now pet you have a very busy day tomorrow. I will even excuse you 
  from the gym but you must practice for an hour before going to your new job. 
  I will drop you off at 5:30 at the club." 
  
  "Please Ms. Simon don't let Amy stay out so late on school nights." 
  
  "Good night pet." said Lisa as she walked into the kitchen. 
  
  Mary sullenly walked up the stairs. She undressed and laying on her blanket 
  on the floor she fingered her pussy to the point of orgasm and then stopped 
  herself and tried to sleep. 
  
  Lisa was in the kitchen on the phone making plans for pet's husbands return 
  the next day. 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 24 
  
  Mary woke early. Her sleep had not been very restful. Her mind was whirling 
  out of control. Dreams of her teaching her class dressed in her dancing clothes 
  and of Lisa allowing Amy to do all sorts of things to which she objected kept 
  her sleep restless. Her fingers had found their way to her stimulated pussy 
  and she was near orgasm when jolted awake by the alarm clock. 
  
  Mary quickly showered and did her hair and make up. She slipped on a robe and 
  made breakfast for Lisa and Amy. Then she woke up the girls. Amy was very tired 
  and didn't want to get up. Mary was permitted toast and coffee with her special 
  cream. Then she cleaned up and climbed the stairs to see what Lisa had laid 
  out for her to wear. 
  
  Mary was quite surprised to find a conservative outfit compared to her normal 
  wear. She was required to be plugged and took a large thermos of cum laced coffee 
  which she was to drink throughout the day. 
  
  The school day went without incident. At the end of the day Lisa came to Mary's 
  room. She ordered Mary to remove the plug from her ass and leave it in her desk. 
  She then had her only partially close the drawer and took the dejected teacher 
  home to get ready to compete in a strip contest in front of complete strangers. 
  
  
  Lisa had Mary cook dinner for her and Amy and they sat at the table and enjoyed 
  a hot family dinner while Mary cleaned the kitchen because time was limited. 
  Mary was distrusting of the relationship Lisa and Amy were developing and she 
  felt she was being rendered more and more ineffective. She didn't know what 
  she could do about it now but she hoped Bill would be home soon to at least 
  take control of Amy. 
  
  After dinner Mary went to her room and after practicing for an hour packed her 
  bag for the nights activities. As the time approached she was becoming more 
  and more nervous yet her pussy was getting hotter and hotter. 
  
  At 5:15 Mary left with Lisa for the club. Amy was dressed to go out with friends 
  and then staying at another friends house. Mary was not pleased with the short 
  dress Amy was wearing but when Lisa said she had picked it for her she knew 
  it wouldn't do any good to object. 
  
  When they arrived at the club Mary dropped Lisa off and said she would be back 
  later. Mary felt very vulnerable as she walked alone into the club. She explained 
  she was there to enter the amateur contest. She was directed to the dressing 
  rooms. She was the first to arrive and found the dressing room empty. She put 
  her stuff down and walked out to the stage area. She had never been on stage 
  and found that even in the dark it was a scary place. 
  
  While Mary was exploring the stage and club area Lisa was heading for the airport. 
  She had spent most of the morning after leaving school getting everything together 
  she would need. She had been sure to get back to school before Mrs. C. class 
  so she wouldn't know Lisa had left the building. Lisa smiled as she drove to 
  the airport. Their plan would make things very interesting. 
  
  When Lisa arrived at the airport she parked in the short term parking and after 
  removing the bag from the trunk headed for the arrival area to meet Bill. 
  
  About 30 minutes later Lisa spotted Bill walking down the ramp from his flight. 
  She held up the sign with his name on it. He spotted the sign and walked over 
  to her. 
  
  "Mr. Clark?" 
  
  "Yes." 
  
  "Mr. Evans sent me to meet you. He asked me to give you this letter. He said 
  everything you would need is in this bag." 
  
  Mr. Evans was his boss. What could this be about? "Thank you." said Bill. He 
  ripped open the envelope. 
  
  Dear Bill, 
  
  Some very important business has come up in Saudi Arabia. I know you have been 
  away for some time but it is necessary for you to fly there immediately to handle 
  this situation. In order to provide you with more clout I am promoting to to 
  vice president in charge of overseas operations. This will be reflected in your 
  substantial pay increase which we will continue to deposit for you. All your 
  expenses will be covered by the company. This assignment may well last several 
  months. 
  
  In the bag are your tickets and passport. Your flight leaves at 7:15. All other 
  information will be waiting in your office when you arrive. 
  
  Steve 
  
  Bill was in shock. A promotion to vice president of overseas operations and 
  a substantial pay raise. He would have to be away for several months. What about 
  Lisa and Amy? They would be happy for him and Lisa was a very competent mother. 
  They would be fine. He would have to hurry to get his plane. "Miss could you 
  do me a favor and get a message to my wife?" 
  
  "Certainly Sir." 
  
  He quickly scribbled a note and giving Lisa a $20 tip rushed off to his plane. 
  ...... Mary was all dressed to undress and was doing her hair when she saw the 
  big black stripper coming toward her in the mirror. She could feel her knees 
  shaking. 
  
  The black woman tapped Mary on the shoulder and said, "Stand up". 
  
  A frightened Mary turned and stood in front of the menacing black dancer. 
  
  "I wanted to tell you the rules around her bitch. Win or lose you will tip the 
  bouncers $1 out of ever ten. The bartenders and waitresses also get 1 out of 
  10 and the DJ gets 1 out of ten. That means you only get 7 out of ten. From 
  that 7 you must put $25 into the kiddie. and new girls pay 1 out of 10 to the 
  association. That means you really make $5 a dance. If you should win the contest 
  you get to keep $100 of the $500 prize. After you have paid the association 
  $100 you get to keep $6 out of $10. Any questions?" 
  
  Mary was frightened of the woman and answered, "I understand the rules." 
  
  "After we close tonight plan to stay for initiation." said the coercive black 
  dancer. 
  
  "Ok" said Mary as she sat down to finish getting ready. She didn't want to be 
  here or do this but she knew she had to win the contest or else. 
  
  The contest was scheduled to begin at 9:00. Until then amateurs were not permitted 
  to do any stage or table dancing. Mary stayed back stage and talked to the other 
  dancers as they changed and went back to the floor. She peeked through the curtain 
  but couldn't find Lisa in the crowd. As the contest time approached Mary was 
  more nervous than ever before in her life. She was alone, Lisa wasn't there. 
  The other contestants were all younger by several years than she was. Her hopes 
  on being the winner were sinking as she watched the other 5 women dressing and 
  getting ready for the contest. What would Lisa do to her if she didn't win? 
  She really didn't want to find out. 
  
  Just before the contest started the DJ came backstage and explained that the 
  6 women would go on stage together for the first dance but they were not to 
  remove any clothing during that first dance. Then they would be sent on stage 
  individually to do their dance. They had 3 songs each. They were not to leave 
  the stage during their dance. After all 6 had danced they would be brought back 
  to the stage naked for one song then the audience would vote. Each patron was 
  given one 'Bare Elegance' dollar. They would give their dollar to the girl of 
  their choice. The girls would keep dancing until all on the dollars and been 
  distributed. The girl with the most dollars wins. Mary would be the 4th dancer. 
  
  
  Going on stage as a group allowed the women to get used to the stage. They could 
  not see into the audience because of the lights but they could hear the men 
  calling to them and making remarks. Mary felt like a piece of meat on display. 
  She didn't know if she could take her clothes off in front of all these people 
  or not. 
  
  The first girl was very pretty with long legs and long blonde hair. She got 
  a lot of applause and came off stage smiling confidently. The second girl had 
  short black hair. Her outfit was black leather and she was received enthusiastically 
  by the crowd. 
  
  As the third girl went on stage Mary realized she was next. As she paced the 
  backstage area she didn't think she could do it. Suddenly Lisa was there. 
  
  "Hi pet. Ready?" 
  
  "Ms. Simon your pet doesn't believe she can do this." 
  
  "Oh but you can and you will pet. If you don't win this you will be one very 
  very sorry pet." 
  
  "Please Ms. Simon this isn't right." 
  
  "That remark will cost you later now get out there and make every man and woman 
  in this club want your ass. You are nothing but my pet the slutty dancer tonight. 
  If you are good you can pretend to be a teacher and mother tomorrow. But tonight 
  is what you really are. Now get out there and win." 
  
  Mary knew Lisa was right. She had to dance her best and win to make her owner 
  proud. She couldn't let her owner down or she would be punished and her life 
  would get even more complicated. 
  
  Suddenly it was time. Mary tried to block out the crowd and pretend she was 
  in her bedroom in front of the mirror. She danced and swayed to the music. The 
  shouting was a distraction but she continued. She removed her dress and suddenly 
  she could feel the eyes on her. Her hips took on a mind of their own and began 
  to gyrate. She began thrusting her hip back and forth as she dropped her wonder 
  bra to the floor. Her breasts swayed as her body continued to prance around 
  the stage. Her g-string was soaked and her pussy was on fire. She literally 
  ripped off the tiny cloth protecting her bare womanhood from the eyes of the 
  lusting men surrounding the stage. As she moved through the third song her fingers 
  spread her pussy lips wide and she thrust her pelvis at the screaming crowd. 
  Shaking her breasts and fingering her pussy she humped her ass around the stage. 
  
  
  By the end of the third song Mary was exhausted. Her legs were about to give 
  out. She had given all she had for her owner. Lisa was not back stage when she 
  staggered to the chair. Her body was covered with perspiration and she could 
  feel her juices running down her thighs. She sat there on the chair and rested. 
  She wanted to get back on the stage and collect her dollars. Then she could 
  maybe get some relief for the fire between her legs. 
  
  It wasn't long before Mary was strutting her naked body on to the stage with 
  5 other naked women. They danced one song and then moved to the edge of the 
  stage to collect their dollars. Mary was pawed as she collected her money. She 
  felt fingers slipping into her wet pussy and spread her legs wide to allow better 
  access. She seemed to be collecting a lot of dollars. Finally all the dollars 
  had been collected. The women went backstage and the DJ counted the dollars. 
  
  
  The tall blonde had 40 the next girl had 25, dancer number 3 had 23, Mary had 
  57, dancer 5 had 29 and the last dancer had 52. She had done . She won. Her 
  owner would be so proud. Mary was lead back on stage and while standing naked 
  with her legs slightly spread she accepted the check for $500. She was the best 
  stripper of the night. She was so proud. 
  
  As she walked off stage she was suddenly hit by the thought. 'Why am I proud 
  to be a great stripper? I'm a teacher, wife and mother. Oh what if someone recognized 
  me.' She wanted to dress and run out of there but she was being congratulated 
  by the other girls. She saw Lisa coming through the curtain. 
  
  "Well pet you did it you won. I'll take the $500." 
  
  "Ms. Simon your pet only gets to keep $100. The rest go as tips and fees for 
  participation." 
  
  "Well pet I need $500 so you better get your ass out there and do about 40 table 
  dances to get the other $400." 
  
  "Ms. Simon your pet only gets to keep $5 from each table dance." 
  
  "Pet I need $500. You can do table dances or give blow jobs. I don't care but 
  when this place closes at 2:00 A.M. you better hand me $500." 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon. The girls say I have to stay for initiation after hours ." 
  
  "That's ok. Just give me the $500 and then you can stay as long as you like. 
  I'll see you in the morning." 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon." What was she going to do. How could she make $500 dollars in 
  4 hours? How would she ever get to work in the morning if she had to stay here 
  after 2? How was she going to get home? Again her mind was not functioning clearly. 
  She need to get busy or things would get worse. 
  
  Mary moved onto the floor and was immediately invited to sit with three gentlemen. 
  She declined saying she needed to work the floor. "Would any of you gentlemen 
  like a table dance?' she asked. 
  
  They all quickly agreed. 
  
  Using the things she had observed other girls doing Mary began dancing for the 
  first man. As she moved her naked body up close to the gentleman he moved his 
  hand to his thigh so that when she straddled his leg his hand was directly under 
  her shaved wet pussy. As she slide her body up and down his thigh his fingers 
  began playing between her spread legs. By the time the song was over and she 
  moved to the second man her body temperature was approaching the boiling point. 
  The second man followed the example of his buddy and played openly with her 
  dripping pussy. About half way through the song she shuddered in an orgasm and 
  was deeply embarrassed that she could cum in this disgusting situation, but 
  she never stopped moving. 
  
  The third man slide his finger past her drenched pussy and slide a finger into 
  her ass. Mary found herself sitting on the mans hand and forcing his finger 
  deeper inside her tight puckered hole. 
  
  Mary was shaken by her body's betrayal but she moved to the next table. She 
  needed to get $500 for her owner or she would be punished. As she worked her 
  way around the room Mary kept one eye on the clock. She had humiliated herself 
  several time by cumming as complete strangers played with her soaked pulsing 
  pussy. By 1:00 she had $300 but she realized she would never make her owners 
  required $500 before the place closed. She had to make a decision. Risk her 
  owners wrath or go beyond dancing to make the money. 
  
  It really wasn't a choice when she thought about it. She had got too far to 
  protect her family to risk losing it now. Besides Bill would be home soon and 
  she would be able to work some way out of this situation. 
  
  Mary went back to the table of the first man, " I'll give each of you a blow 
  job for $50 a piece." Mary's face burned with shame as she offered herself for 
  money. After a brief discussion between the men they agreed and Mary led them 
  into the back of the club. 
  
  Mary couldn't believe what she had gotten into as she found herself kneeling 
  on the hard cold tile floor with a long thick cock deep in her throat and a 
  cock in each hand waiting her her talented mouth. The men had had a good deal 
  to drink and bringing them to orgasm took longer than Mary had hoped but she 
  was back on the dance floor with only $50 to go with 10 minutes left. She had 
  swallowed all three loads and the taste of cum filled her mouth. 
  
  Many of the men were beginning to leave as closing time approached and Mary 
  moved swiftly to a guy sitting near the stage by himself. She whisper her offer 
  in his ear and he stood taking her by the arm and lead her into the back. 
  
  "You can get me nice and hard with your mouth but I want to fuck your ass for 
  $50. " 
  
  Mary was trapped. Time was running out so she agreed and after kneeling and 
  sucking his huge cock to its full 9" she raised her ass and lower her face to 
  the floor and allowed herself to be fucked in the ass. 
  
  When it was all over Mary felt dirty and used. She was nothing but a whore. 
  She wished Bill would get home soon. 
  
  Mary went back into the dance floor and saw Lisa standing by the bar. She walked 
  up to her and handed her the $500. 
  
  "Very good pet and it is only 2:05." 
  
  Mary was shocked. She thought she had made it. 
  
  "Don't worry pet you did well. I understand you will be staying here a while. 
  Joe, the bartender has agreed to bring you home later. Wake me at 6:30 pet. 
  You can sleep on the porch for being 5 minutes late with your money. 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon." 
  
  "Hey Miss contest winner, Come back here." called the black dancer. 
  
  "May I Ms.. Simon?" 
  
  "Have fun pet." 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 25 
  
  Mary walked to the back where the black dancer waited with 5 other dancers, 
  3 bouncers, a waitress and 2 other contest entrants. She hoped she could get 
  through this and get home to bed. 
  
  "My name is Goddess in case you didn't know that," said the black dancer. "You 
  three have decided to become at least part time dancers here at the club. Tonight 
  you will be initiated into the group. Most of the things we do are legal at 
  least on the surface but to insure everyone's mutual investment we conduct this 
  initiation session. After tonight if you would betray any of our activities 
  you would be in just as much trouble as the rest of us." 
  
  The head bouncer took over and explained, " Tonight you will be video taped 
  performing various sex acts for what will appear to be money and doing other 
  illegal activities. With this tape you will be in the position of having violated 
  several state and a few federal laws before the camera. This will help you to 
  keep your mouth shut about our operation. Everyone who works here has been taped 
  doing these same things and I have the tapes locked in my safe in the office. 
  Goddess will be in charge of the initiation program so I will let her get started." 
  
  
  Mary spent the next hour fucking and sucking in every possible position. Men, 
  women, 2 men, a man and a woman together all recorded on video tape. After each 
  session she was recorded accepting money. She was also recorded in what appears 
  to be a drug selling adventure. She rolled several joints and smoked them in 
  front of the camera too. By the time the initiation was over Mary was covered 
  in cum, exhausted and higher than a kite. She had orgasmed several times and 
  discovered she really enjoy the feelings she had after smoking pot. 
  
  The bartender made Mary ride in the back of his pickup truck because he didn't 
  want her to mess up the inside.When he finally delivered her home it was 4:30 
  AM. Her costumes were in a bag and she wore only heels and a light jacket as 
  she climbed the steps to her porch. She managed to set the alarm clock Lisa 
  had left for her on the porch and literally fell into exhausted sleep with cum 
  running down her legs from her pussy and her leaking ass. 
  
  In what seemed like only seconds Mary heard to buzzing of the alarm clock. It 
  was 6:00 AM. When she tried to open her eyes she found they were stuck shut 
  with dried cum. Her entire body ached and her ass was sore. As her mind wandered 
  back to the night before she realized her ass hurt from the beer bottle someone 
  had shoved in her while she was eating Goddess. 
  
  Mary struggled to her feet and gathered her things. Every muscle ached. She 
  climbed the stairs and went into the bathroom. As she squatted over the toilet 
  to relieve herself she saw her reflection in the mirror. She didn't recognize 
  the person staring back at her. 
  
  What she saw was a naked young woman covered with dried cum squatting over the 
  toilet with her bare pussy spread peeing. Her hair was matted and her breasts 
  were red and swollen. Then she realized she was looking at herself and quickly 
  shut her eyes and moved into the shower. 
  
  As the warm water splashed over her exhausted body her mind went back to last 
  night. She could feel all the men looking at her on stage as she bared her body. 
  She could hear the yelling and feel the hands all over her. She pictured herself 
  cumming on the guys over and over again. In her mind she saw herself kneeling 
  with her mouth filled with cock while she stroked two others in her hands. She 
  remembered her face on the floor while her ass was pounded by a complete stranger. 
  Her hand moved to her pussy where just the touch of her finger on her clit sent 
  her into the throes of an intense orgasm. The warm water caressed her breasts 
  as her finger continued to move over her swollen lips. Her mind remembering 
  all the fucking and sucking of the night before. Goddess with her powerful thighs 
  wrapping around her neck forcing her licking tongue deeper into her steaming 
  hot pussy while someone shoved an ice cold beer bottle into her gapping well 
  oiled hole. Mary sank to her knees as the water continued to cascade over her 
  washing the dried cum from her hair and body. Her fingers continued to play 
  deep in her fiery hole. 
  
  Suddenly Mary remembered she must wake her owner by 6:30. A quick glance at 
  the clock revealed that she had 10 minutes left. She hurried and shampooed her 
  hair and washed herself. She emerged from the shower and after drying herself 
  she rushed to wake up Lisa. 
  
  Mary gentle woke Lisa who was sleeping in her bed. To late she realized she 
  had not done her hair and make up. Lisa noticed this immediately. "My, my pet, 
  you must have had a hard night. You have made another error by forgetting to 
  make yourself presentable to your owner." 
  
  "Sorry Ms. Simon. Your pet has no excuse." said Mary in a quivering voice. 
  
  "Well I don't have time to deal with you now pet but I will add it to your list 
  for tonight. Go make my breakfast. You may have your special coffee and a yogurt 
  this morning." 
  
  Mary hurried off to the kitchen while Lisa when to shower and get ready for 
  school. When Lisa came down for breakfast she saw that Mary had quickly done 
  her hair and make up and was rapidly moving her naked body around the kitchen 
  with her ass swaying in her 6" heels. 
  
  Mary stood near the kitchen and ate her yogurt while Lisa devoured her breakfast. 
  The cum in her coffee was not even noticeable to Mary. She had drank so much 
  cum last night that the diluted cum in her coffee was nothing. 
  
  After cleaning the kitchen Mary dragged her weary body up the steps to see what 
  humiliating outfit Lisa had laid out for her to wear to school today. She didn't 
  know how she would make it through the day she was so worn out her mind wouldn't 
  even work. She kept thinking about last night and what disturbed her most were 
  these thoughts made her excited. 
  
  When she got to her room she was surprised to see Lisa had laid out a conservative 
  dressy business suit. A tan skirt reaching to within an inch of her knees, a 
  white silk blouse with the matching suit jacket. While the blouse was sheer 
  the jacket covered her completely. She also found a beige garter belt and suntan 
  stockings with comfortable 4" heels. 
  
  Mary quickly dressed and grabbing her purse and briefcase she met Lisa at the 
  door. She had not had an opportunity to check any papers at home all week and 
  she was getting really behind. Maybe over the weekend she could get caught up. 
  Lisa appeared to be easing the pressure a bit considering her choice of clothing. 
  Maybe things were going to turn out ok. 
  
  The ride to school was uneventful. Mary was so tired she almost fell asleep. 
  When they arrived at school Lisa's only comment was that she would meet Mary 
  in her room after school. 
  
  Mary hurried to her room to prepare for the day. She drank a cup of cum laced 
  coffee from her thermos to try to stay awake. Despite her exhaustion Mary felt 
  more normal than she had since this entire crazy thing had started. 
  
  Just before her first class as Mary was getting her things organized she opened 
  her grade book and was shocked to see the picture and note. It was a picture 
  of her naked and kneeling on a tile floor with a hard cock in each hand and 
  a third filling her sucking mouth. It had been taken last night. With tears 
  in her eyes she unfolded the note and read: 
  
  This is the real you pet. You're just pretending to be a teacher. 
  
  Mary folded the note and tried to remove the picture from her grade book but 
  it was glued to the page and she couldn't get in loose. Her students started 
  arriving for class so she slammed the grade book closed and put it in her briefcase 
  under all the papers she hadn't graded. She was so shaken by the picture and 
  note she could hardly teach. Her mind wandered back to last night. She could 
  feel the 2 cocks in her hands and the hot thick cock running over her tongue 
  and down her throat. She was dismayed that these thoughts would intrude on her 
  teaching but even more appalled that she was excited by the memories. 
  
  After class Mary had a few moments and avoided the grade book in her briefcase 
  as she pulled out some papers to grade. Attached to the second paper was an 
  envelope which said: pet..Open Immediately!!!! 
  
  With shaking hands Mary removed the envelope. She didn't want to open it but 
  she couldn't stop herself from obeying Lisa command. Inside was another picture 
  and note. The picture showed Mary on her hands and knees getting fucked while 
  sucking the black bouncer's huge cock. The gleam in her eyes showed that she 
  was enjoying the double fucking. This must have occurred after the smoking of 
  the pot because she didn't even remember it until she saw the picture. The note 
  said: 
  
  What wife and mother would behave like this? 
  
  She couldn't believe the cruelty of the note yet her hand was moving under her 
  skirt to scratch a definite itch between her legs. Maybe she was just a slut 
  and had been pretending to be something else. She enjoyed what she had done. 
  The pictures showed it. 
  
  With her mind in turmoil Mary got to lunch time. She headed directly to the 
  restroom before going to eat. While squatting over the toilet she rammed 2 fingers 
  deep into her drenched pussy. She needed to cum so bad but she knew now that 
  Lisa was not easing up on her and she would be severely punished if she allowed 
  herself to orgasm. 
  
  After reluctantly pulling her fingers from her sucking pussy she licked her 
  fingers clean without thinking and dried her thighs before going to eat lunch. 
  Her lunch consisted of a plain bagel and an apple. Mary finished the special 
  coffee in her thermos and returned to her classroom. Her nerves were on edge 
  but she was physically spent. Her mind was in even worse shape. 
  
  Lisa's class arrived and Lisa was extremely polite to Mrs. C. There were no 
  subtle references or embarrassing questions. The class went smoothly. On the 
  way out of class Lisa handed Mary another envelope. Mary couldn't imagine what 
  was in this one. It felt thicker than the other one. As soon as the last student 
  was out the door Mary ripped open the envelope before the next class arrived. 
  She was shocked and frightened by the contents. Inside were several pictures 
  of Amy. She was dressed in some very revealing outfits. Her hair was done up 
  and she was wearing entirely too much make up. She looked like a 17 - 18 years 
  old tramp. 
  
  Mary was angry, afraid and repulsed by the pictures. She angerly opened the 
  accompanying note: 
  
  We played dress up. What do you think? She looks 18 doesn't she? Almost older 
  than you when I dress you up. Do you wonder what she was doing while you were 
  parading your bare ass in front of a bunch of strangers and fucking and sucking 
  everything in sight? I promised not to tell. I guess these prove that you are 
  not only a cheating wife and a unfit teacher but also a very neglectful mother. 
  
  
  Mary fought back tears as she tried to control her emotions. What had happened? 
  How did things get so out of control? When was Bill going to call? He could 
  at least save Amy from Lisa. He hadn't called in 2 weeks. She struggled through 
  her last class and was waiting for Lisa when she came in at the end of the day. 
  
  
  "You leave my daughter alone", she yelled as soon as Lisa walked in the room. 
  "Do what you want with me but leave her out of this," demanded Mary as she rushed 
  up to Lisa ready to do whatever necessary to protect her daughter. 
  
  Out of no where came a resounding slap to the face which staggered Mary. It 
  was quickly followed by a second slap to the other cheek. "Now you listen to 
  me. I am in charge here and I will do whatever I want, to whomever I want, whenever 
  I please. You are nothing but my little pet. You can do nothing without my approval 
  and that includes with your daughter." 
  
  "If you ever raise your voice to me again I will beat you senseless and then 
  have you arrested for drug dealing and prostitution for starters. You will lose 
  everything and I will have your daughter and your husband to play with as long 
  as I like." 
  
  With tears running down her stinging cheeks a cowered Mary stood staring at 
  Lisa in total shock. Everything she said she would do she had the power to do. 
  Where did Bill come into this? Mary didn't know what to say but she knew she 
  was beaten. Her only hope was that Bill would save Amy from Lisa's clutches. 
  
  
  Lisa grabbed Mary's short hair and pulled her to her knees in front of her. 
  "Now listen carefully pet. Take the all the pictures and put them in the center 
  desk drawer. Leave the drawer partially open and then meet me in the car." 
  
  "Ms. Simon", whispered Mary. "May I keep the pictures of Amy?" 
  
  "I said all the pictures pet. Maybe Bubba will enjoy the new Amy. 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 26 
  
  Mary's mind was in turmoil as she opened the desk drawer and placed the seductive 
  pictures of her daughter inside. The picture were not obscene but very suggestive. 
  She had no choice but to obey her owner. Pictures of her daughter scantily clothed 
  being seen by the janitor was better than leaving Amy and her husband at the 
  mercy of Lisa and her family while she was in prison. 
  
  A very confused Mary left the school and walked slowly toward her car where 
  her owner was waiting. Her mind was confused and her body was physically exhausted. 
  She could barely make it to the car. She opened the door and slumped into the 
  front seat next to Lisa. "Well pet, I was going to give you the night off but 
  you went over the line in there. You were making so much progress up until then. 
  I am really disappointed." 
  
  "Your pet is sorry Ms. Simon." said Mary slipping back into her submissive character. 
  She knew she was going to pay for her attack on Lisa and she knew she deserved 
  everything she got. She had disappointed her owner. She only hoped her body 
  could stand the punishment in it's exhausted state. 
  
  Lisa said nothing on the drive home and when the car was parked in the garage 
  she told Mary, " Go up to your room and get dressed properly then meet me in 
  Amy's room." 
  
  Mary dragged herself up the stairs and removed her clothes in her room, Then 
  she put on her 5" heels and collar with leash and went to her daughters room 
  to wait for Lisa. When she entered the room she was shocked to see the wall 
  covered with enlargements of the photos Lisa had given her at school. As she 
  was studying the photos her mind wandered to the what she was doing while all 
  this was happening to her daughter. 
  
  Just then Lisa entered the room and seeing Mary looking at the pictures she 
  said, "Amy really enjoyed playing dress up and being a model last night." Now 
  I want you to pick out her outfit for her date tonight from the ones in the 
  pictures. By the way we charged all of them on your credit card. 
  
  "Ms. Simon, Amy is not permitted to date." 
  
  "She is now, and she has a date with very nice senior football player from our 
  English Class." 
  
  "Ms. Simon she is only in 9th grade." begged the distraught mother. 
  
  "Either you pick the outfit or she will wear this one," said Lisa pointing to 
  a picture showing Amy with a tight spandex halter which barely covered her budding 
  breast and extremely tight short shorts which hardly covered her ass. 
  
  A defeated teacher studied the pictures and pick the outfit which covered her 
  baby the most. A short flared skirt with a pale blue blouse cut just above the 
  waist showing minimal stomach. "Please Ms. Simon Amy is too young to be dating." 
  Begged the distressed mother slumping to her knees. "I'll be your slave forever 
  if you stop this." 
  
  "My pet you are my slave forever already. Don't worry I've talked with Amy all 
  about things and she understand what boys like." 
  
  Mary didn't know what to say. She was so confused. She wanted to protect her 
  family. Was this the right thing? She must trust her owner's discussions. 'I 
  can't think straight.' 
  
  "Come along pet we have things to do," said Lisa grabbing Mary's leash and pulling 
  the begging mother to her feet. Lisa lead Mary to the kitchen and ordered her 
  get her a coke. "Now pet I know you are tired from having so much fun last night 
  and I had planned to allow you to rest this evening but you decided to act up 
  so now I have to punish you." 
  
  "Your pet is sorry Ms. Simon." 
  
  "I'm sure you are but you understand you must be punished." 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon, your pet understands." 
  
  "Get me one of those popsicle we bought the other day pet. Get one for yourself 
  too." 
  
  Mary went to the freezer and grabbed two popsicle. She was so hungry she would 
  eat anything. 
  
  "Thank you pet," said Lisa taking her popsicle. As she unwrapped hers she told 
  Mary to open her's but not to lick it yet. 
  
  Mary's mind told her she was going to be ordered to put on a show for her owner 
  sucking and licking the popsicle like it was a cock. Boy was she wrong. 
  
  "Pet I want you to spread you legs as wide as you can and fuck yourself with 
  the popsicle." 
  
  Mary couldn't believe what Lisa wanted her to do but she unwrapped the freezing 
  treat and spreading her legs she tried to slid it into her sore pussy. It was 
  freezing. She began to shiver as she slid the icy probe into her steaming dripping 
  pussy. Why was she dripping doing this humiliating act for her owner? Why did 
  she feel compelled to please this abusing teenager? 
  
  The popsicle quickly melted in her pet's steaming pussy with the cherry fluid 
  running down her legs and dripping onto the floor. When it was entirely melted 
  Lisa ordered Mary to suck the stick clean. 
  
  The humiliated teacher stood naked in her kitchen with melted popsicle running 
  down her legs from her hot pussy. Her mouth working on the stick soaked in her 
  pussy juices. So many things had changed in the last two weeks. At least her 
  husband will be home soon to rescue her from the torment. But why was she so 
  excited by this treatment? Maybe she really was a slut and not meant to be a 
  wife, mother and teacher. Her thighs began to tremble as her stretched legs 
  began to tire and her mind couldn't concentrate on anything for more than a 
  few seconds. 
  
  "Pet lick up that mess you made and then go and clean yourself up. I'll be waiting 
  here for you." 
  
  Mary thankfully dropped to the floor relieving the spasms in her legs and licked 
  the floor clean of the combination of her juices and melted popsicle. She climbed 
  to her feet and moved as quickly as her heavy legs would carry her to the stairs 
  and up to the bathroom. 
  
  While Mary had been sliding the popsicle in and out of her pussy Lisa's mind 
  had been working overtime. She had to punish her pet severely for her rebellion 
  but she didn't want any marks for her debut tomorrow. She also knew her pet 
  was reaching the point of complete exhaustion and she would need her strength 
  to get through the weekend. She had the perfect solution. 
  
  As soon as Mary her dragged her body up the stairs Lisa went to work. She opened 
  two cans of beans and put them on the stove to heat. Next she went into the 
  downstairs bathroom and got a bottle of Castor Oil and a bottle of water pills 
  for that "blotted feeling". She returned to the kitchen and dumped a liberal 
  portion of the Castor Oil and several of the water pills into the heating beans 
  and stirred the mixture until the pills dissolved. 
  
  By the time Mary returned to the kitchen the sweet smelling warm beans were 
  in a bowl on the floor next to a very large glass of water. 
  
  Mary could smell the beans as she descended the stairs and her mouth was salivating 
  by the time she reached the kitchen and saw the bowl on the floor. Her heart 
  leapt as Lisa told her to kneel and eat the entire bowl and drink all the water. 
  The only restriction was no hands to eat the beans. Without a moment hesitation 
  the starving pet dropped to her knee and began eating the messy beans. She was 
  so hungry she ate the entire bowl in minutes. 
  
  "Drink your water pet." 
  
  "May your pet use her hands Ms. Simon?' 
  
  "Of course pet. Drink up." 
  
  Mary quickly drank the entire glass. "Your pet thanks you for the meal Ms. Simon." 
  
  
  Why am I thanking this girl for allowing me to eat a bowl of beans from the 
  floor? When will Bill come home a save me? How can he save me when he can't 
  know what is happening? She was so confused. 
  
  "I knew you would be hungry. Here drink another glass of water while I am in 
  a good mood." 
  
  Mary drank the water offered and waited for further instructions. 
  
  "Clean up this mess and then yourself and meet me in Amy's room." 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon." Why Amy's room? she wondered. 
  
  Mary quickly cleaned the kitchen and then washed the beans from her face. The 
  full feeling in her stomach was wonderful. She could even see a very slight 
  bulge in her tummy for the first time in weeks. When everything was cleaned 
  up she again climbed the stairs to Amy's room to find her owner sitting on Amy's 
  bed surrounded by ropes and a long pole. She noticed a gag and something else 
  she didn't recognize. 
  
  "Come here pet we must hurry, Amy will be home in about a 1/2 hour to get ready 
  for her date." 
  
  As Mary moved to Lisa she tried one more time to convince Lisa to forbid Amy 
  this date with the senior boy. "Please Ms. Simon your pet begs you to not allow 
  Amy to wear this revealing outfit and go on a date with this boy. He is much 
  too old and she is so young." 
  
  "Pet that is already been decided now turn around." 
  
  Mary turned her back to Lisa. 
  
  "Bend over Pet". Lisa inserted Mary's medium sized plug it her ass. 
  
  "Now stand up."Lisa took Mary's wrists and tied them tightly behind her back. 
  Then Lisa moved up the arm and tied her elbows together, pulling and tugging 
  until they actually touched. Lisa cinched the ropes tightly and then reached 
  around and placed the penis gag in Mary's mouth. The pet willingly opened her 
  mouth to accept the gag without protest. Her arms were strained with her elbows 
  pulled back but thanks to all the exercise and dancing she was fairly limber. 
  Her breasts were forced out even further by the bound position. 
  
  Lisa lowered Mary to the floor and bound her ankles to the ends of the wooden 
  rod. Then she rolled the trussed up pet on to her stomach which was beginning 
  to gurgle. " Now pet I want to to slither under Amy's bed. Be sure to get all 
  the way back so she can't see you. Oh one more thing." 
  
  Lisa took the item that Mary didn't recognize from the bed and moving around 
  the bound teacher she placed the thing in her pussy, right on her clit. She 
  was wet as usual. Lisa ran the straps snugly around Mary's waist and up through 
  her ass so the the thing wouldn't move from its position. 
  
  Lisa then explained to her bewildered and embarrassed pet. "That is a clit vibrator. 
  I have set it to vibrate for 5 minutes every 20 minutes so you get a 15 minute 
  rest in between. You are not to cum. Now get under the bed." 
  
  That was easier said than done as Mary quickly discovered. With her legs spread 
  and her hands and arms useless behind her the only way she could move was by 
  bending her knees sightly and dragging her breasts across the carpet. About 
  halfway under the bed the vibrator started and the vibrations right on her clit 
  sent shock waves through her entire body. 
  
  "Better hurry pet. Amy's is due any minute." 
  
  Realizing she could not let Amy find her like this she tried to ignore the waves 
  of pleasure coursing through her body. These pleasurable feelings were dulled 
  a bit each time she scraped her nipples across the carpet. 
  
  Finally she was entirely hidden under the bed and the vibrator had stopped. 
  Her breasts ached from dragging on the carpet and she was squeezed so tightly 
  under the bed there was no way to relieve the pressure as her entire upper body 
  was resting on her smashed breasts. She began to get an uncomfortable feeling 
  in her stomach and she hoped she wouldn't be here long because she thought she 
  would need to use the bathroom. She was surprised when Lisa dropped down beside 
  the bed and placed a mirror aiming it so that Mary could see the entire room 
  from the full length mirror on the door. Then Lisa got up and left the room 
  turning off the lights and closing the door leaving Mary bound, plugged gagged 
  and alone under her daughter's bed. 
  
  Even her uncomfortable cramped space the quiet darkness allowed Mary's exhaustion 
  to take over. Just as her eyes began to close and she was drifting off to sleep 
  the vibrator switched on sending waves of lust and pleasure through her tightly 
  bound body jarring her awake. After 5 minutes of constant stimulation directly 
  on her clit Mary was nearing orgasm when the vibrator suddenly stopped leaving 
  her hanging near completion. As her body slowly returned to it normal excited 
  state she could no longer resist the effect of the last 2 weeks and drifted 
  again into a deep sleep which even the vibrator couldn't disturb her enough 
  to wake her. 
  
  As she slept Mary's mind continued to try to make sense out of her situation. 
  Bill had to return soon but how could she explain what had happened. She had 
  to protect Amy from Lisa but how could she. She thought about cock all the time 
  and she was in a constant state of arousal. Teaching those young virile boys 
  was harder and harder yet with Lisa's constant torment she couldn't stop herself. 
  When she tried to rebel Lisa always made things worse. What can I do? 
  
  Mary was startled awake sometime later by the sound of voices and the light 
  coming on in the bedroom. She immediately became aware of cramps in her stomach 
  and the urgent need to use the bathroom as her bladder felt ready to burst. 
  Of less significance but still noticeable was the ache in her breasts from being 
  forced to lay on them for such a long time. Suddenly the vibrator switched on 
  and her mind shifted to her pussy and she could feel the wetness between her 
  spread legs. As her body responded to the sensations of the vibrator all the 
  other discomfort and pain became unbearable. She bit down on the gag to keep 
  quiet as Lisa and Amy came into the room while her body was buffeted from pain 
  to pleasure. 
  
  "I'm sorry Mark canceled your date tonight Amy.", said Lisa. 
  
  This was music to Mary's ears as her body continued to be attacked by cramps 
  and pleasure. 
  
  "Me too. I was so excited he asked me out but he did say something had come 
  up and we would have to postpone the date. At least he said postpone which means 
  he still wants to go out with me." 
  
  Mary couldn't believe her good luck that Mark had canceled their date. Tears 
  of thanks mixed with the tears of pain and pleasure running down her cheeks. 
  Mark, that must be Mark Evans the principals son. He is a real lady's man and 
  quite arrogant. What did he see in Amy? The need to use the bathroom was approaching 
  the critical state. She didn't think she could hold her bladder in check much 
  longer. 
  
  "Well at least you were able to get some new plans together for the weekend." 
  
  
  "Do you think my mother will allow me to go to the concert and stay at Grace's 
  house?" 
  
  "I said it would be ok and your mother is tied up somewhere so don't worry I 
  will explain it to her." 
  
  'Grace? The only Grace I know is Grace Klinger and she is already out of school 
  and has been in trouble several times. Why would Amy be involved with her?' 
  thought Mary as her cramps sent agony rolling through her body. 
  
  "I'm so glad you introduced me to Grace Lisa. She is really cool." 
  
  The cramps continued tearing Mary's stomach apart and shaking her to the core. 
  She felt herself losing control of her bladder but was able to gain control 
  just in time. 
  
  Mary heard a horn and saw Amy hurry out to meet her new friend. 
  
  "What time will you be home on Sunday?" yelled Lisa as Amy hurried down the 
  stairs. 
  
  "What time do I have to be home?" questioned the excited teen. 
  
  "No later than midnight", answered Lisa much to the displeasure of Mary. 
  
  "Ok" yelled Amy as she slammed the door. 
  
  "You can come out now pet", said Lisa as she flipped up the bed spread to see 
  her pet's face distorted in pain. 
  
  Mary began the slow agonizing process of slithering out from under the bed. 
  Her stomach was knotted with sever stomach cramps, her bladder was at the point 
  of bursting, and her body despite the pain was supercharged with sexual energy. 
  It took the tormented teacher 15 minutes to get out from under her daughter's 
  bed. She was drenched in sweat and she left a trail from her leaking pussy as 
  the vibrator again was doing its stirring of the molten pot. Her face was twisted 
  in severe agony as the cramps twisted her insides in impossible pain. 
  
  As her pet ground her breasts on the carpet getting herself out from under the 
  bed Lisa smiled and told her, "You see pet you should never question me, attack 
  me or disobey me." 
  
  Mary's entire body was in distress as the beans produced the desired effect 
  with the Castor Oil enhancing their effectiveness. The "water pills" were adding 
  to her torment yet her pussy was responding to the vibrator keeping her charged 
  body on the edge of sexual release. Lisa released Mary's ankles from the spreader 
  bar and ordered her to stand. Mary's initial reaction was to curl into a ball 
  to try to relieve the pain in her stomach. 
  
  Lisa bent over the contorted teacher and said, "Either you get up this minute 
  or I will leave you here like this for Amy to find when she gets home." 
  
  Mary jerked into action but getting up was easier said than done. With her elbows 
  and wrists tightly bound behind her and her stomach tearing itself apart, she 
  struggled to get up. Her bladder was painfully full and just as she began to 
  make progress toward getting to her knees the vibrator started which broke her 
  concentration and she had to begin the process all over. After much twisting 
  and struggling Mary finally managed to get to her feet only to be bent forward 
  by the pain coursing through her body. 
  
  Lisa attached Mary's leash to her collar and forced the bent pet to follow as 
  she lead her down the stairs and out on to the back porch. 
  
  Mary was surprised to discover that it was raining as her owner disconnected 
  her leash from her collar and ordered her out into the downpour. The rain felt 
  cold on her overcharged body which quickly chilled her and increased the severity 
  of the cramps. 
  
  "You may pee yourself pet," said Lisa. 
  
  Mary quickly spread her legs and without hesitation released the flood for her 
  stretched bladder. Mary could feel the pee splashing on her legs but she couldn't 
  slow the flow. As the relief of peeing set in the discomfort associated with 
  the cramps became more intense. 
  
  "Would you like to remove the plug and relieve yourself pet?" asked the smiling 
  student. 
  
  Mary frantically nodded her head. 
  
  "Kneel", ordered Lisa. 
  
  The bound teacher dropped to her knees in the piss soaked mud. 
  
  "Crawl up here Mrs. C." 
  
  Mary struggled on her knees through the mud and rain over to the porch and up 
  the steps as her body contorted with pain. 
  
  Lisa removed Mary's gag once her pet was out of the rain. She looked so miserable 
  it made Lisa smile. 
  
  "Please Ms. Simon your pet is very sorry and will not question you ever again..Your 
  pet will obey you and never attack you again. Please allow your pet to remove 
  her ass plug and relieve her cramps." begged Mary as her body doubled over in 
  pain. 
  
  "Well pet I don't know that you have been punished enough for your behavior." 
  
  
  "Please Ms. Simon your pet will behave. Your pet will do anything to make up 
  for her lack of respect and self control."pleaded the defeated teacher. 
  
  " I will give you a test pet. If you pass the test I will permit you to remove 
  the plug but if you fail the plug will stay in for the night." 
  
  "Ms. Simon your pet will work to please you and pass your test." 
  
  "Perhaps you should hear the test first my pet. I will release your wrists and 
  elbows. You will then crawl back out into the yard and fuck yourself to orgasm 
  with your favorite black toy. (Which Lisa throws on into the yard where Mary's 
  pee had mixed with the rain and the mud. If you orgasm in 5 minutes I will permit 
  your to remove the plug from your ass, put it in your mouth, squat with your 
  ass on the ground and relieve yourself." 
  
  Mary knew she had no choice but to try to please Lisa no matter how disgusting 
  her requests. She couldn't stand the cramps all night. "Your pet will try to 
  meet your expectations." 
  
  "You realize the penalty if you disappoint me again?" 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon your pet understands." Her guts were twisted in pain and she 
  had doubts about being able to cum in 5 minutes but she had to try. 
  
  Mary stood so Lisa could release her teacher's wrists and elbows from behind 
  her back. 
  
  "Go." 
  
  Mary's arms and hands were stiff and useless until the blood circulation painfully 
  returned to her limbs. Dropping to her knees she immediately crawled out into 
  the pouring rain and mud. She found the black monster her owner had tossed into 
  the mud and jammed the filthy phallus into her sopping pussy. Despite her knotted 
  insides and the humiliation, or maybe because of it, she was dripping and her 
  clit was swollen and protruding from its protective cover. 
  
  Mary felt the muddy black dildo slide over her clit and deep into her steaming 
  slit until it bumped the plug wedged firmly in her ass sending shivers through 
  her tormented body. Mary found herself kneeling in the mud with her make-up 
  and hair destroyed by the pouring rain, her insides stabbing her with constant 
  jabs of pain, and thinking of nothing else other than achieving orgasm to please 
  her owner, student, so that she can be free to stuff the shit covered plug in 
  her ass into her mouth and be free of the pain encompassing her body. Where 
  will it end? 
  
  Sliding the black rubber cock in and out of her spread pussy lips kneeling in 
  the mud and filth Mary was quite a sight. Lisa knew she was close to having 
  a very compliant little pet. After tomorrow she will be totally beaten. 
  
  With 30 seconds to spare the shivering drenched teacher succumbed to a powerful 
  orgasm while kneeling in the rain in her back yard. She was overwhelmed by the 
  intensity of her passion. 
  
  When Lisa saw her pet thrashing in the mud in the unbridled passion of a powerful 
  orgasm she smiled to herself and gave Mary permission to continue the test. 
  
  
  Mary understood what she had to do next and while repulsed at what she had to 
  do she literally had no choice. Squatting in the mud she removed the plug and 
  without hesitation shoved the smelly thing into her wide spread mouth. Dropping 
  her ass to the mud there was an immediate explosion of liquid shit from her 
  open ass. The shit had such force it splashed onto the ground and all over the 
  relieved teacher. The shit kept coming and coming as her body relieved itself 
  of the pressure that had been building for hours. 
  
  The exhausted teacher remained squatting in her own mess in her high heel shoes 
  and collar as the rain beat on her spent body. She didn't have the strength 
  to move. 
  
  Lisa tossed her pet a small lounge cover from the porch and ordered her to sleep 
  where she was for the night. "You are to sleep right there tonight pet. You 
  are not to move from that spot or get up off the ground. If you need to relieve 
  yourself any further just do it there." 
  
  Mary couldn't believe that Lisa expected her to sleep in the mess she had been 
  forced to make. It was raining and cold and the area where she was told to sleep 
  was disgusting. She removed the filthy plug from her stretched mouth and was 
  about to object when she came to the realization that to protest would only 
  create further problems and pain. "Yes Ms. Simon." the beaten teacher replied. 
  "Put the plug back in your mouth until you are given permission to remove it. 
  Good night pet." said Lisa as she turns and goes into the warm dry house not 
  even looking back as Mary puts the plug back in her mouth and sinks into the 
  smelly brown mess. 
  
  Mary tried to block her situation from her mind as she covered her abused body 
  with the cover as best she could to try to get warm. The pills, beans and caster 
  oil worked through the night as the once respected teacher wallowed in her own 
  excrement dreaming about thick young cocks filling her every opening in her 
  body as her body and mind continued to betray her. 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 27A 
  
  Mary was startled awake by the high pressure spray of icy cold water from the 
  garden hose directed at her defenseless body by her smiling owner on the porch. 
  "Time to get up pet. We have a busy day today" 
  
  Mary's night had not been very restful. Aside from her bowels churning and forcing 
  her to further dirty herself and her sleeping area her mind was so confused 
  she was just unable to get much sleep. She had remembered her life as it was 
  just a couple of weeks ago compared to her current situation and it made no 
  sense. But then she enjoyed most of what Lisa was doing to her and became sexually 
  excited by it. Despite her current filthy circumstances her pussy was sopping 
  wet and she found her fingers buried in her crotch playing with herself. All 
  she ever thought about anymore was sex. Everyman she looked at her first glance 
  was between the thighs and with women her first glance was at their breasts. 
  She had lost control of her precious Amy and now her daughter looked to Lisa 
  for direction. She tried to find a way to save herself and her daughter but 
  could think of nothing except obeying Lisa. WHERE WAS BILL????Why hasn't he 
  called? Her mind just continued to work. 
  
  Mary jumped up from her stinky sleeping area and turned around as Lisa directed 
  so she could be cleaned by the freezing water. She was forced to bend and spread 
  her cheeks and then spread her legs wide from the front so the stinging water 
  could find all the hidden areas of her body. Once she was as clean as the hose 
  could get her Mary was ordered to go up to the bathroom and take a long hot 
  shower. 
  
  You may remove the plug and be sure to brush your teeth. Don't say one word, 
  just get moving. Mary hurried to obey. 
  
  ********** 
  
  While Mary was taking that long hot shower and beginning to feel almost human 
  again Amy was just waking up at Grace's with a splitting headache. She was surprised 
  to find she didn't have on any clothes and tried to remember what had gone on 
  last night. She remembered the concert and smoking a couple of joints. Then 
  they had stopped at a video store after the concert and Grace rented a couple 
  of movies. 
  
  Then the group went to Grace's house where they drank some wine. Amy couldn't 
  remember much from the videos but they were different. 
  
  Amy pulled the covers a little tighter and tried to stop the pounding in her 
  head. Grace was still asleep next to her and the other two friends were asleep 
  on the floor. Amy felt uncomfortable as she looked around the room because all 
  the girls were naked like her. 'What can't I remember?' 
  
  ********** 
  
  After showering for an extraordinarily long time Mary was once again clean and 
  warm. She had scrubbed herself three time and washed her hair four times. As 
  she was toweling off Lisa walked into the bathroom. 
  
  "Your pet thanks you, Ms. Simon for the hot shower." 
  
  "You really did smell awful pet. You must learn to control yourself better." 
  
  
  "Your pet is sorry Ms. Simon and she will work to improve her control." 
  
  "Tell me pet what did you learn last night?" asked Lisa. 
  
  "Ms. Simon your pet learned never to question you or your decisions. Your pet 
  also learned to always obey and never disagree or fight you." answered Mary. 
  
  
  "Very god pet. Now we have a lot to do today to get really for tonight. First 
  we need to clean your insides as well as you have cleaned the outside. I want 
  you to bend over the sink and spread your legs as wide as you can." 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon," Mary responded as she hurried into position. She felt uncomfortable 
  without her high heels which Lisa had not given her time to put back on after 
  the shower. 
  
  "This exercise will serve two purposes pet. It will clean out your ass and allow 
  you to practice your control." Lisa then inserted an enema nozzle deep into 
  Mary's ass. The tube attached to the nozzle stretched up to the bag holding 
  2 quarts of warm soapy water. 
  
  Mary glanced back over her shoulder at the swollen bag hanging from the shower 
  rod and hoped she could take it all to please her owner. 
  
  Lisa opened the clamp and the warm soapy water began to flow into Mary's upturned 
  ass. Lisa set the flow slowly and ordered Mary to play with her nipples while 
  she filled up. She cautioned her pet not to cum. 
  
  Mary began twisting and pulling her swollen nipples as ordered. Jolts of electric 
  excitement shot through her dripping pussy. She looked over at the full length 
  mirror on the door and blushed a bright red at the sight of the tube running 
  into her tight upturned ass while she twisted and pulled her nipples and her 
  bowels filled with the warm soapy mixture. 
  
  ********** 
  
  While her mother's ass has being filled as she pulled and tugged her nipples, 
  Amy's need to use the bathroom became unavoidable. She needed to pee and wanted 
  to find some aspirin for her splitting head. There was only one cover on the 
  bed and Grace was lying on her half, She had no choice but to get out of bed 
  naked and make a dash for the bathroom down the hall. She hoped Grace's mom 
  wasn't up yet. 
  
  Tiptoeing out into the hall Amy made a dash for the bathroom. She made it safely 
  and as she relieved herself on the toilet she saw herself in the mirror on the 
  back of the door. She looked a mess and wished she could find something to put 
  on. 
  
  ********** 
  
  Mary felt her stomach stretching as the water continued to flow into her upturned 
  ass. She slowed her fingers manipulating her taut nipples as she could feel 
  her body nearing orgasm and she wanted to be obedient. Looking back she could 
  see the bag was half empty. 
  
  "Pet massage your stomach so we can be sure to get you really cleaned out." 
  
  
  The once respected teacher used both hands to massage her bloated stomach working 
  the warm soapy water into every nook and cranny. Mary began to feel some cramping 
  as the bag continued to send its contents deep into her bowels. 
  
  Finally the bag was empty. Lisa had Mary stand and face her. Pet's normally 
  taut stomach was stretched out before her as pet continued to work her hands 
  over her distended tummy working the fluids around inside her. "I'm going to 
  remove the nozzle now pet and I want you to hold every drop in until I give 
  you permission to release. Is that clear?" 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon, your pet understands." 
  
  "Good". Reaching between her teacher's legs Lisa slowly removed the nozzle from 
  her ass. Mary clenched her ass tight to prevent any leakage. She was determined 
  to obey her owner. " Go and get your heels pet and come back here. Be quick 
  about it." 
  
  Straining to hold the liquid churning in her bloated stomach Mary moved as fast 
  as she could to find a clean pair of heels and get back. She knew she could 
  do this and make Lisa happy. 
  
  As Marry returned to the bathroom wearing 5" heels fighting the cramps shooting 
  through her bowels as the water demanded release her mind was once again baffled 
  that she could be excited by this treatment and pain. Maybe this is what she 
  deserved. When she got to the bathroom she stood before her owner confused and 
  extremely horny. 
  
  "Very good pet," said Lisa as she patted her teacher on the head like she was 
  a good puppy."Squat over the toilet and release the water pet." 
  
  Even after all the embarrassing and humiliating things Lisa had forced her to 
  do, being forced to squat over the commode and release an ass full of watery 
  shit in front of her student brought Mary to tears. She wasn't sure whether 
  they were tears of embarrassment or tears of disgust for herself that she had 
  come to this and was excited by it. As the watery shitty mixture rocketing from 
  her splashed up all over her tight girlish ass the tears continued to flow and 
  her pussy continued to send waves of pleasure throughout her body. 
  
  Lisa then instructed Mary to fill the bag again with a cold water rinse. After 
  giving herself a cold enema Mary was to hold it for 15 minutes with no leakage, 
  expel it as before, use the disposable douche on the sink, shower and come into 
  the bedroom. She had 30 minutes. 
  
  Mary realized if she had to hold the enema 15 minutes she would have to take 
  the water much faster than the last time. Checking the clock Mary hurried to 
  obey her owner. 
  
  ********** 
  
  After first relieving her bladder Amy searched the medicine cabinet until she 
  found a bottle of aspirin. She quickly took two and checking the hall rushed 
  back to Grace's room. 
  
  When she opened the door she found the other three girls sitting around totally 
  naked chatting like they were in the school cafeteria. 
  
  "Hey, Amy. Where did you go?" 
  
  "I needed to use the bathroom." Amy replied somewhat embarrassed by everyone's 
  naked body including her own. She looked around the room for her clothes but 
  she didn't see them anywhere. She wanted to be cool and be accepted by the older 
  girls and not be considered a baby so she forced herself to act natural and 
  sat down on the bed and joined in the conversation. 
  
  ********** 
  
  Mary felt the rushing of the cold water into her ass. She was immediately chilled. 
  The cold water started cramping more quickly. Maybe because it was filling her 
  faster. Mary began to massage her stomach to relieve the discomfort. When the 
  bag was empty Mary noted the time. She had used 7 minutes. She had nothing to 
  do but stand around with her swollen belly and fight the urge to let it out. 
  She saw herself in the mirror. What a pathetic sight. Her hair was a mess, no 
  make-up, bloated stomach and she was shivering from the cold water filling her. 
  Her body was lean and muscular and her breasts were firm and capped with hard 
  swollen nipples. Her pussy was bare and she could see the moisture on its lips 
  and on her thighs. Her hair was so very short and the blonde streaks made her 
  look a whole lot younger than she was. She was embarrassed by herself and she 
  thought 'I bet Amy is embarrassed by me too.' 
  
  Finally the time was up and she expelled the foul smelling liquid her shivering 
  body splashing herself as before. She quickly mixed the douche and cleaned out 
  her pussy. 
  
  She jumped in the shower making it as hot as she could stand to warm her chilled 
  body. A quick washing including her hair and Mary was out drying herself as 
  she slipped on her heels and rushed into the bedroom with a minute to spare. 
  
  
  When she entered the bedroom she saw Lisa sitting on the bed using the phone. 
  She stopped and stood before the teenager completely naked and waited for instructions. 
  She couldn't get her pussy to stay dry. She could feel the juices beginning 
  to flow. 
  
  ********** 
  
  The girls sat around naked talking about nothing specific. Amy couldn't help 
  but look at each of the other girl's body and compare them to her own. They 
  all had larger breasts than she did. The girl named Susie had the largest by 
  far. Amy thought,'My nipples are so pink compared to theirs.' Grace had a rose 
  tattooed on her right breast. They all seemed totally comfortable being naked 
  together. That is everyone but her. 
  
  ********** 
  
  There is nothing more embarrassing than standing naked in your own home waiting 
  for instructions from a fully clothed person half your age. 'Why are my knees 
  shaking and my nipples so hard?' 
  
  Finally Lisa was off the phone. She looked over at Mary and tossing her a long 
  sweater said "Let's go, we have a lot to do." 
  
  Mary pulled the sweater over her head. It barely covered her ass and bare pussy. 
  "Ms. Simon, your pet is not dressed or prepared to go out." 
  
  Lisa looked back and said simply, "Yes you are." And she walked out the door. 
  
  
  Mary had no choice but to follow her owner. She tugged at the hem of her sweater, 
  ran her fingers through her undone hair and taking small careful steps she followed 
  Lisa out to the car. "Pet when you get in lift your sweater out of the way so 
  you don't sit on it reminded Lisa." 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon." replied Mary as she opened the car door, pulling her sweater 
  up in the back and put her bare ass on the cold leather seat. 
  
  Mary had no idea where they were going and Lisa gave no indication as she drove 
  in silence. Finally they reached their destination, the beauty shop where Mary's 
  hair had been cut and streaked and she had endured the humiliating waxing of 
  her pussy. She wondered what was in store for her this time. She would soon 
  find out. 
  
  First Mary's short hair was trimmed even shorter and then bleached totally blonde. 
  The transformation was astounding. Then the submissive teacher was lead into 
  the back room and ordered to remove her sweater and climb on the table for another 
  waxing. It was a different technician this time and Mary was again humiliated 
  to strip naked in front of a complete stranger. This technician was more touchy, 
  feely and not at all embarrassed by Mary's nakedness and her sopping pussy. 
  Mary simply laid on the table with her legs spread wide while Lisa and the technician 
  discussed her as if she weren't there. The hot wax set her fires burning hotter 
  and by the time she put her sweater back on her thighs were slick with her juices. 
  
  
  ********** 
  
  As the chatting continued no one moved to get dressed. Amy was becoming more 
  uncomfortable as the talk turned to sex. Apparently Amy was not the only one 
  looking at the naked bodies in the room because the conversation turned to a 
  discussion of their bodies. 
  
  Susie liked her big breasts but she complained that they attracted too many 
  boys. Grace felt that her body was just average and her face was ok. She lifted 
  weights to develop herself the way she wanted to sculpt her body. Wendy was 
  gorgeous. Except for smallish breasts her body was perfect. She had long blonde 
  hair (natural Amy noticed) beautiful white teeth and long firm legs. Each girl 
  stood up and displayed herself unashamedly and described what she liked and 
  didn't like about herself. Amy was very uneasy as it approached her turn. 
  
  ********** 
  
  Once Mary was covered as best the sweater could cover her she paid the bill 
  with her credit card and at Lisa's direction added a large tip for the girl 
  who did the waxing. 
  
  "Thank You and come back soon" said the girl. 
  
  "Oh we will. At least I'll send pet back. Maybe she can do something special 
  for a nice girl like you." Mary blushed a deep red as she followed Lisa back 
  to the car. She automatically lifted her sweater and deposited her bare ass 
  on the cold seat. She wonder 'Where next'. She knew Lisa was not done with her 
  yet. 
  
  ********** 
  
  Then it was Amy's turn. She didn't want the others to know she was nervous so 
  she stood and said how she wanted bigger breasts and more hair on her pussy. 
  She couldn't help but blush as she said these things. "All you guys have thick 
  sexy hair there and I just have a little starting to grow. 
  
  The other girls put their heads together and Grace said, "Well Amy since you 
  are our new friend and we want you to feel comfortable with us we decided since 
  you can't grow your pussy hair any faster we should all shave ours off so we 
  can all be the same. Let's get the shaving cream and razors and all get bald. 
  
  
  Amy was stunned. This isn't what she meant. She wanted to keep what hair she 
  had there. But she couldn't say no, they were doing this for her, to make her 
  comfortable. Grace went off to the bathroom to get the stuff. 
  
  ********** 
  
  Lisa drove to the mall. Getting out of the car Mary immediately tugged her sweater 
  down to be sure her tingling pussy was completely covered. If she moved carefully 
  she could avoid putting on a display for everyone. She hurried to follow Lisa 
  into the mall. Lisa headed for a specialty leather store. Mary followed silently 
  behind her owner. 
  
  The salesman greeted Lisa as if he knew her and they walked together to the 
  back of the store. Lisa motioned her Mary to hurry and follow. They moved into 
  a back private dressing room and Lisa ordered Mary to remove her sweater. 
  
  With a red face Mary once again displayed her naked body to yet another stranger. 
  The salesman proceeded to take Mary's measurements. "Mmmm 35" with about a c 
  cup, 22 1/2" waist and 32 1/2" hips" said the salesman as his hands lingered 
  on her body. 
  
  " Well pet, it looks like the diet and exercise are working," said Lisa. 
  
  The salesman left the room and returned in a short while with a black leather 
  garment which Mary soon discovered was a corset. He fitted it snugly under her 
  breasts and wrapped it around her body. Mary's first thought was that the man 
  had brought the wrong size since the two ends did not come near to meeting behind 
  her. She was ordered to lean forward slightly and grasp the stand before her. 
  The man then began tugging and pulling the laces, squeezing Mary's body as the 
  ends of the garment began to get closer. He continued pulling and tugging until 
  the side finally meltin the back. Mary could hardly breath as the air was crushed 
  out of her lungs. "Ms. Simon, your pet can't not breath. It is too tight." 
  
  "Nonsense pet. If anything we may try a smaller one if you continue to complain." 
  
  
  Mary fell silent and continued to struggle for air as the salesman continued 
  to tighten the laces until the corset was completely laced and tied off. Once 
  he finished he took the tape and measured Mary again. Sensing her submissive 
  situation he allowed his hands to roam freely as he measured his latest victim. 
  "35-19-32 1/2" , he announced proudly. 
  
  "That will do for now." said Lisa. "Pet put your sweater on and pay the gentleman." 
  
  
  Mary did as ordered wondering how she could pay all these new bills without 
  Bill finding out. 
  
  "Pet tell the gentleman you would love to spend a few hours with him privately 
  to thank him for spending his valuable time helping you." 
  
  A distressed Mary turned to the salesman and said, "Sir, Ms. Simon's pet would 
  love to spend a few hours with you, when you have time to thank you for your 
  expert assistance." Mary found it difficult to speak as the corset continued 
  to cut off her breathing. 
  
  "Well I get off at 9:00." he replied looking over the embarrassed customer. 
  
  
  "Pet will be busy this weekend. How about Tuesday at 9:00? She can meet you 
  here." 
  
  "Great and Thanks." 
  
  "No problem pet loves to thank people in whatever way they like." 
  
  Lisa lead the way back to the car as Mary struggled to keep up with the garters 
  hanging below the sweater on her bare thighs. Breathing was becoming a little 
  easier as she learned to take shallow breaths. 
  
  ********** 
  
  Amy watched in fascination as Wendy trimmed Susie's pubic hair very short. Then 
  she watched the shaving cream be spread all over Susie's trimmed pussy. Susie 
  laughed and complained that the shaving cream was cold. Sitting down between 
  Susie's widely spread thighs Wendy began the careful process of removing all 
  the remaining stubble until Susie's pubic area was completely bare. All of the 
  girls were joking and laughing as Susie became the first of the group with a 
  bald pussy. 
  
  Once Susie was cleaned up she traded places with Wendy and did the same to her. 
  She was very very careful not to nick her friend in that tender area. 
  
  Amy knew she would have to get involved as soon as Wendy was bare and she worked 
  hard to control her panic. This is not what she expected but what did she really 
  expect? These older girls were doing this for her. How could she not be involved? 
  They must really want her to fit in with the group to go to this extreme for 
  her. She wanted to be a part of the group too. She watched as Susie removed 
  the last of the stubble from between Wendy's legs. 
  
  ********** 
  
  When they got back to the car Mary discovered quickly that sitting in the corset 
  made breathing that much more difficult. With her bare ass on the cold seat 
  she struggled to get air into her cramped lungs. She knew not to complain or 
  Lisa might make her go back and get an even tighter one. 
  
  "Pet, I want you to play with your soft smooth pussy for me. Tell me how nice 
  and wet it feels." 
  
  Mary reached under the hem of her sweater and was shocked and appalled to find 
  her pussy dripping wet. "Ms. Simon your pet is very wet," answered Mary blushing 
  a deep dark shade of red. How could she be excited by this forced behavior. 
  Why did she still get embarrassed by her body's reaction. She was beyond confused. 
  She decided to just obey and not think she didn't understand anyway. 
  
  Lisa pulled into a McDonald's drive thru. Mary knew not to stop without being 
  told so she continued to finger her wet slit as she turned a deeper red with 
  Lisa pulling up to the window to order. Lisa ordered one large orange juice. 
  Mary felt a spasm in her pussy and a heat wave pass through her body as she 
  was displayed to the boy in the drive thru window. 
  
  "Pet stop playing with yourself now before you have an accident and cum all 
  over the seat." said Lisa loud enough for the boy to hear. " Give me a $1.34 
  for your drink." 
  
  Mary pulled her fingers from her pussy and digging in her purse she searched 
  for $1.34 . The entire time the young boy had a clear view of her bald glistening 
  pussy. Finally she found the money and handed it to Lisa. 
  
  "Don't give it to me pet. Pay the boy." 
  
  Mary leaned across the seat and handed the boy the money. Her face was beet 
  red. She took the drink and sat back in her seat lifting her sweater first giving 
  the boy one final look at her ass. 
  
  "Drink up pet we need you to maintain your strength. You won't be eating anything 
  with nutritional value for a good while." 
  
  ********** 
  
  Now Amy had no choice. "Since I have more hair than you Amy Why don't I do you 
  first? asked Grace. 
  
  Trying to be nonchalant and not show any of her discomfort Amy said. "Sure". 
  
  
  Amy sat with her legs spread wide with Grace rubbing the cool shaving cream 
  into her sparsely haired pussy. Her hair had been so thin the Grace didn't even 
  use the scissors first. As Grace slide the razor over her pussy Amy felt a stirring 
  inside her that she had never felt before. Grace used her free hand to pull 
  and stretch the area to allow for careful shaving and she used the same fingers 
  to innocently touch the young teen in places to send little charges of excitement 
  through her. 
  
  Amy had never even masturbated so these feelings were all new to her but she 
  knew she shouldn't feel these things with another girl. But they all had shaved 
  each other and must have felt the same things and they didn't seem to mind. 
  Maybe it was ok. It really did feel good. 
  
  ********** 
  
  When Lisa and Mary arrived home Mary quickly finished her juice and was ordered 
  upstairs to her (Lisa's) bedroom. "Time to get you ready for tonight pet. I 
  expect no problems from you this evening." said Lisa as she followed pet up 
  the stairs admiring her firm smooth buttocks and thighs. 
  
  "I want you to remove your sweater, go and use the bathroom if needed you may 
  not get another chance for quite a while, and then clean yourself thoroughly 
  and completely. Touch up your hair and do your make-up and meet me in the living 
  room in 30 minutes." 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon." 
  
  As Mary hurried to the bathroom to do her owner's bidding, Lisa began her preparations 
  for the evenings activities. She gathered the limited amount of clothing pet 
  would need and all of the bondage equipment needed for the evening. She could 
  hardly contain her excitement that tonight she would be presenting her first 
  slave to the group for their use and enjoyment. 
  
  Mary cleaned up taking care to keep the corset dry. Her mind began to wander 
  again. 'How had she come to this? When was Bill coming home to somehow save 
  her? How could he save her without finding out everything she has done? What 
  was Amy doing? ' Then she put everything out of her mind because right now her 
  most important task was to please Lisa to protect her family from shame and 
  to make Lisa proud of her pet. With five minutes to spare the corseted naked 
  teacher walked down the stairs of her own home and presented herself to her 
  teenage owner and she was proud to have obeyed. 
  
  ********** 
  
  Now it was Amy's turn to do the shaving. She moved between Graces wide spread 
  thighs and began to carefully clip Grace's thick bush. She had never been this 
  close to another girls pussy and while she was uncomfortable she was kind of 
  excited too. After the first few snips she lost her hesitancy and began clipping 
  in ernest. As the hair fell away Amy discovered that Grace's pussy was different 
  than hers. The lips were fuller and thicker and as she applied the shaving cream 
  she felt a wetness and noticed a scent which caused a tingling in her own pussy. 
  Carefully manipulating the razor Amy made Grace's pussy as clean and smooth 
  as her's, Wendy's and Susie's. When Grace was completely shaved they compared 
  their newly shaved areas and Amy found the differences fascinating and exciting. 
  Being grown up was not what she expected but it was fun. 
  
  Wendy suggested they shower and head for the mall. Amy was surprised and excited 
  when all of the girls headed for the shower together. They all jumped into the 
  shower laughing and joking as they washed each other and Amy found her nudity 
  and the others to be less uncomfortable and becoming almost natural. 
  
  ********** 
  
  Lisa directed Mary to put on the black sheer stockings on the couch and attach 
  them to the garters. She warned her to be sure the seams were perfectly straight. 
  
  
  Mary soon discovered what was normally a simple task was much more difficult 
  because of the tight corset pinching her waist. While she had learned to breath 
  by taking shallow breaths any bending or twisting made even shallow breaths 
  a challenge. But with great effort Mary was able to get the stockings on and 
  attached with seams perfect, no runs and not a wrinkle. She stood for inspection 
  by her owner with a sense of satisfaction. 
  
  Next Mary was handed a new pair of black leather 6" heels with ankle straps. 
  Mary again bent and twisted in the tight corset and put on the heels checking 
  to make sure her stockings were still straight. 
  
  Once Mary had straightened in her heels, Lisa stooped and locked each of the 
  shoes to her pets feet. Lisa then locked thick leather ankle cuffs to each of 
  her pets slim ankles before standing to examine her pet. Identical leather wrist 
  cuffs were locked to Mary's wrists. "Put your wrists behind your back pet" ordered 
  Lisa and the leather cuffs were locked together imprisoning her hands uselessly 
  behind her back. "I want you to stand here and do not make any moves without 
  my help," said Lisa as she turned and picked up a ring gag. "Understand, not 
  a step." 
  
  "Yes Ms. Simon your pet will not more without your help." 
  
  "Open wide." 
  
  Mary opened her mouth as far as she could and Lisa placed the large hard leather 
  ring gag in her mouth. After making the necessary adjustments the gag spread 
  Mary's lips and teeth so far open her jaws began to ache immediately. Mary watched 
  as Lisa placed plugs in each of her ears and all sound stopped. She could not 
  hear a thing. Her owner then placed soft pads over her eyes and a blindfold 
  over the pads putting her in complete blackness. The loss of sight and sound 
  was disorienting and Mary had to fight the panic raising inside her. She could 
  feel as Lisa placed something in her nose forcing her to breath through her 
  open mouth. 
  
  As the panic grew Lisa fastened a wide thick leather collar around Mary's slim 
  neck. This forced her to hold her head up and reduced her head movement to almost 
  nothing. Mary could feel the final addition to her bondage as Lisa pulled a 
  hood over her head covering her face completely except for a large opening over 
  her spread mouth. The hood attached to her collar which held in in place. 
  
  Lisa stepped back and admired her handiwork. Mary stood before her in total 
  black from her heels to the top of her head. The heels and the stockings accented 
  her long legs enticingly. The garters outlined her bare smooth pussy and framed 
  her tight ass from the rear. The corset pinched her waist giving her a perfect 
  hourglass figure with her hard tip breasts totally exposed. The collar was a 
  work of art, 5" wide and made of stiff shiny leather with D rings all around. 
  And the black hood completely isolating the teacher from reality. She could 
  not see, hear, smell or say anything. The ring on the top of the hood would 
  be of use later. The gag was perfect because her mouth was completely available 
  yet useless to her. Lisa smiled as the drool began escaping her pets open mouth. 
  Her nipples were hard and the dew on her teachers thighs was already visible. 
  
  
  Mary was completely severed from the outside world. She stood very still because 
  she had been so ordered and she was afraid to move. She jumped as she felt something 
  being wrapped around her body and attached to her collar. She had no idea what 
  it was other than it was cool where it touched her skin. 
  
  Lisa had covered her pet with a long black cape which completely hid her body 
  from neck to heels. The cape and the hood were the only things visible. 
  
  ********** 
  
  The four teens finished their shower and playfully toweled dry. Amy did not 
  feel uncomfortable being naked with her friends any more. As they left the bathroom 
  Grace said,"I'll go down and get our clothes." 
  
  Amy wondered why everyone's clothes were downstairs. Grace headed down stairs 
  while Amy and the other girls headed to Grace's room. 
  
  When Grace came back upstairs she had an arm full of dirty clothes and two small 
  bags. "Amy your bag is still in my trunk. We'll find something for you to wear 
  and get in out later. Ok?" 
  
  "Well sure but..." 
  
  "Don't work I have some stuff I grew out of I'm sure will fit you." said Grace. 
  
  
  "Ok", said Amy. What else could she do she didn't want to make a scene. 
  
  The other girls got dressed and Amy found herself sitting naked on the bed waiting 
  for Grace to get her the clothes. When all the other were dressed and she was 
  still naked the uncomfortable feelings began to return. 
  
  "Be right back." said Grace as she left to get Amy something to wear. She returned 
  quickly with an arm full of clothes. "I found the perfect thing to solve Amy's 
  other problem,' sad Grace, holding up a Wonder Bra. 
  
  Let me help you put this on. Grace quickly slipped the straps up Amy's arms 
  and hooked the bra behind her. "Just a little adjusting," said Grace as she 
  arranged Amy's budding breasts inside the bra. "Perfect." 
  
  Amy looked in the mirror and was shocked to see the difference. her smallish 
  developing breasts looked like the breasts of a much older teenager. While not 
  as large as Susie's they looked much larger. She was happy with what she saw 
  and instinctively gave Grace a hug. 
  
  "The only panties I have that will fit your slim hips are these, announced Grace, 
  holding up a pair of red thong silk panties. 
  
  Amy had only seen pictures of women wearing thongs in catalogs. They looked 
  so 'skimpy' but she had to be 'cool' and stepped into the panties pulling them 
  gently up her legs. The thong felt strange with the strap up her ass crack and 
  the front barely covered her newly shaved pussy. 
  
  "You look good enough to eat," said Wendy jokingly. 
  
  Amy blushed and hurried to get into the jeans Grace had given her. As she pulled 
  the jeans on she discovered they fit but just barely. They were like a second 
  skin but she could manage. Grace had also given her a sweater which was also 
  tight and showed off her newly found breasts The other girls raved about how 
  good she looked and when she checked the mirror she did look good even if she 
  was a bit uncomfortable in the thong and tight clothes. 
  
  Grace said since she was running with the big girls she would need to learn 
  more about make-up so she wouldn't look like the baby of the group. All three 
  girls worked on Amy's hair and make-up and when they finished she looked 17 
  -18 years old. 
  
  There was one more thing. Susie mentioned that all the older girls worn heels 
  with their jeans to show off their cute butts. Amy had worn gym shoes the night 
  before so Grace searched her closet and found a pair of 4" heels that matched 
  hers. 
  
  Amy had never worn anything higher than 2" but the other girls helped her learn 
  to walk and swing her hips like the others in the group. By the time they left 
  for the mall Amy fit into the group completely. Four 17 years olds looking for 
  some fun. 
  
  ********** 
  
  Lisa took Mary's arm and lead the blind, deaf teacher shuffling out to the car 
  and buckled her into the front seat. She then got behind the wheel and they 
  headed for their destination. 
  
  Mary could feel the vibration of the car and occasionally feel the force of 
  a turn but she had absolutely no idea where they were headed. After what seemed 
  like a long time, but with her sense basically gone time was hard to measure, 
  the vibration stopped and Mary thought the car had stopped. A few moments later 
  she was shocked by a hand on her arm pulling her gently from the car. She had 
  not even known the door had been opened. 
  
  Lisa lead the slowly moving teacher up to a huge house and knocked on the door. 
  All Mary knew was she moved a distance and stopped. The door was opened by a 
  woman slightly older than Mary in a tiny black maid's uniform balanced on 7" 
  heels. Lisa led Mary into the house. 
  
  Somehow Mary sensed she had moved inside. Suddenly she felt a second pair of 
  hands on her other arm. 'Who is that,' she wondered. She was lead by the two 
  pairs of hands to the center of a very large room with a wooden frame in the 
  center of the room and chairs and couches all around. 
  
  Mary felt her cape being removed and then her wrists were freed and attached 
  to the upper corners on the frame. Her arms were stretch high and wide. Then 
  she felt her ankles being pulled apart and attached to the bottom corners of 
  the frame. She found herself unable to move and stretched uncomfortable open. 
  Lastly the ring in the top of the hood was attached to a ring in the top center 
  of the frame. She was now totally helpless. 
  
  The panic began to grow as she realized her position. Practically naked....unable 
  to hear, see, talk, or move. She couldn't even smell. 
  
  Lisa and the other woman left the room but Mary didn't know. 
  



Owned Teacher
CHAPTER 27b 
  
  Mary's legs and arms began to ache from her stretched position. Her feet hurt 
  and her neck stiffened from being immobilized. She lost all track of time and 
  was completely unaware of what was going on around her. The ring gag stretched 
  her jaws painfully open and the spittle ran down her chin, dripping on to her 
  bare breasts above the tight corset. Her mind was free to wander through all 
  that had happen, what was currently happening and what the future would be. 
  Her nipples hardened and her naked pussy juices flowed down her stretched thighs. 
  
  
  Lisa had left Mary spread wide in the middle of the room and followed the woman 
  dressed as a maid out of the room and up the stairs to a private bedroom. The 
  "maid" assisted Lisa as she changed into an all leather outfit consisting of 
  a tight leather vest and short snug leather skirt with thigh high leather boots 
  standing on 6" heels. Lisa ordered the "maid" to kneel and polish her boots 
  with her tongue. The "maid" quickly did as ordered and spent the next 15 minutes 
  putting a glossy shine on the boots. 
  
  As the "maid" was finishing the second boot by sucking the heel deep into her 
  mouth the door opened and in walked Mark Evans, Bill's bosses son. 
  
  "Hi Lisa, hi mom", said the teenager nonchalantly. "Has she taken good care 
  of you Lisa? asked Mark. 
  
  "So far she has. You have trained her well. Is this what she is wearing to the 
  party tonight? 
  
  "No, I have a special uniform for her tonight. I'll let you wait until she makes 
  her entrance to decide if it is appropriate." 
  
  "Well I better get downstairs, the guests will be arriving soon. Will your mom 
  be dressed to answer the door in time?" 
  
  "Oh sure, I'll send her down as soon as I get her changed." 
  
  "Thanks", said Lisa as she left to go down with her pet. 
  
  ********** 
  
  Amy and her friends headed to the mall. Being a Saturday afternoon the place 
  was packed with teens. As they strutted around the mall Amy noticed the tight 
  jeans forcing the silky thong up inside her pussy. It felt good. 
  
  All the girls swung their asses and put on a show for all the mall customers. 
  Grace said she loved to parade in front of middle aged men and watch their expression 
  change as they tried to not notice her but the lump between theirs legs grew. 
  The girls bet on who could get the biggest reaction from older men and pulled 
  out all the stops to entice them. 
  
  Amy was not comfortable playing this game but she soon overcame her reluctance 
  and found the game exciting. She really looked older and was pleased with the 
  attention she was getting. 
  
  ********** 
  
  Lisa admired her displayed pet. She was indeed a beautiful sight and Lisa knew 
  she would not disappoint her this evening. 
  
  Soon Mrs. Evans was lead down the stairs on a leash by her owner son. She had 
  indeed changed her outfit. While still dressed as a maid her uniform was much 
  more abbreviated. Her breasts were bare and exposed as were her ass and pussy 
  The uniform consisted of a tight maids uniform with holes for each breast and 
  a skirt so short she was totally exposed. A garter belt and black hose with 
  a pair of 7" heels forcing her on to her toes completed her uniform. Her jewelry 
  consisted of gold rings in each nipple, a gold stud through her belly button 
  and several rings in her pussy with a bell attached so that with each step it 
  emitted a tiny ringing sound. With a smart smack on the ass Mark sent his slave 
  mother to the door to await the arrival of the guests. All of this took place 
  in the same room in which Mary was tied but she knew none of it. 
  
  By this time Mary had been tied to the frame for over 2 hours. She had no conception 
  that it had been that long and she had no idea anyone was in the room with her. 
  She thought she was totally alone. 
  
  Lisa heard the door bell as the first guests began to arrive. 
  
  ********** 
  
  "Lets get our belly buttons pierced", said Wendy. "I always wanted to do that." 
  
  
  "My mom will shoot me," said Susie," But lets do it." 
  
  "I'm game," said Grace. 
  
  Amy didn't know what to do. If she didn't they would think she was a little 
  kid and if she did her mother would punish her. Well maybe Lisa could convince 
  her mother that it was ok. "Count me in," said Amy. She knew Lisa would make 
  mom listen. 
  
  ********** Mrs. Evans opened the door and the first guest to arrive was Ms. 
  Wheeler, the principal's secretary. She was dressed in a severe business suit 
  with her feet shod in 6" heels. Her make-up and hair were done perfectly. While 
  you could not see she wore only a black leather garter belt hold her smoke color 
  stocking under her suit. She carried a leash in her hand which was attached 
  to a ring in the nose of Ms. Cindy Cooper the president of the board of education. 
  Ms. Cooper was dressed in a cute little girls outfit with bobby socks and oxford 
  shoes. She wore a short plaid schoolgirl's skirt and a plain white blouse with 
  her nipple rings clearly visible. Her hands were bound behind her back thrusting 
  her breasts forward. Ms. Wheeler gave a cruel twist to Mrs. Evans exposed right 
  nipple and moved to hug Lisa tugging her slave behind her. 
  
  Mrs. Evans winced and closed the door waiting for the next guest to arrive. 
  
  
  Ms. Wheeler admired Mary strapped to the frame and then led her school girl 
  slave to one of the couches where she sat and her slave knelt on the floor next 
  to her. 
  
  "Get our guests something to drink mother," ordered Mark. 
  
  His mother pranced into the dining room on her 7" toe shoes and returned with 
  a drink for Ms. Wheeler and also one for Ms. Cooper which Theresa took and placed 
  on the table so her slave could not get it. Mrs. Evans knew everyone's drink. 
  It was part of her training. 
  
  At the sound of the door bell the "maid" hurried to the foyer with her breasts 
  bouncing. Lisa and Ms. Wheeler were discussing the attributes of the stretched 
  teacher before them. 
  
  Mrs. Evans open the door and curtsied. "Good Evening Mr. and Mrs. Simon", she 
  said eyes to the floor. 
  
  "Hi maid barb," said Mr. Simon with a cruel twist of her nipple. 
  
  "Hello mom and dad", cried Lisa from the main room. 
  
  Following the Simons into the house was their slave couple. Both were totally 
  nude, shackled and gagged. Mr. Johnson was a history teacher at school who had 
  been discovered to have a taste for young girls. His adoring wife, in order 
  to avoid disgrace and jail, had allowed herself to be placed into complete servitude 
  with her husband to the Simons. Mr. Johnson was 25 yrs. old, 6' 180#. He had 
  a 8" cock which was locked inside a cage like box and had not seen release for 
  4 months now. His wife was a petite 23 yr. old with small perky breasts, small 
  waist and heart shaped ass. Her pussy and ass were kept full at all times and 
  the Simons use her frequently for their amusement and pleasure. She hated every 
  part of this situation but she loved her husband and wanted to protect him. 
  Mr. Johnson was also used for their pleasure while receiving no relief. The 
  shackled couple was left kneeling in the corner while the others continued their 
  examination of Mary. They did not touch her so she had no way of even knowing 
  they were there. 
  
  ********** 
  
  The girls headed for the Piercing and Tattoo Parlor. Amy was nervous but she 
  knew Lisa would stick up for her. 
  
  Amy volunteered to go first to show she wasn't afraid. It hurt some but mostly 
  she was excited In about 20 minutes all four girls had gold rings protruding 
  from the tight little tummies. They strutted down the mall planning their next 
  move. 
  
  They needed to find someone over 21 to get them some beer for the evening. They 
  searched the mall looking for a likely prospect. 
  
  ********** 
  
  Mary had no idea she was being studied. She tried to shift her position to ease 
  the strain on her stretched muscles and aching feet. 
  
  Mrs. Evans scurried about serving drinks and answering the door as more guests 
  arrived. Her nipples received several more painful pinches and twists and her 
  feet began to throb from the extreme shoes she was forced to wear by her son. 
  She knew the evening was just beginning. 
  
  Mr. Amos the principal arrived with his current slave linda, Susie's mom, in 
  tow. She was built like her daughter with large breasts, tiny waist and flaring 
  hips. Her breasts were bound tightly with coils of white rope with her nipple 
  supporting painful weights attached to her pierced rings. Her wrists and elbows 
  were tightly bound behind her back forcing her breasts into even more prominence. 
  Her only other clothing was her collar and 6" heels. She followed the principal 
  into the room and knelt next to him. 
  
  Mike arrived with kimmy dressed in a crotchless body suit with cutouts for her 
  breasts. She was barefoot. 
  
  Mr. Evans, Bill's boss, arrive from work with Dale and Beth Kemper. Mary would 
  be surprised to see them because Dale was dressed in a long slinky evening gown 
  slit to the hip, garters and hose with 4" heels and Beth was dressed in a very 
  short tight skirt which barely covered her tight ass and a halter top with tiny 
  cut outs showing her pierced nipples connected by a gold chain. Her make-up 
  was extreme and her hair was long and wavy. Her feet were locked into a pair 
  of red 6" heels. They both followed behind Steve and stood behind him at all 
  times. 
  
  ********** 
  
  Amy and her friends scanned the mall and decided on a guy sitting alone on a 
  bench as a likely candidate. He was about 25 - 26. not bad looking but obviously 
  with time on his hands. 
  
  Grace told the other to stick close and watch. She approached the guy and started 
  a conversation. She talked for a while and pointed over to her friends a couple 
  of times. Obviously he was enjoying the conversation and after a short time 
  Grace came back to the group and said, "Susie go with Sam here and he will get 
  us what we want. We'll meet you at the car." 
  
  After Susie had moved off with the guy Amy looked at Grace and asked, "Isn't 
  that dangerous for Susie to go off with that stranger?" 
  
  "Not really. It's her turn that's all." 
  
  "What do you mean her turn?" asked Amy. 
  
  "The easiest way to get booze and pot is to offer something that guys like so 
  they want to get it for us. We take turns giving blowjobs to get what we want. 
  It was Susie's turn. Grace got the stuff last night." answered Wendy. 
  
  Amy was shocked. She hadn't given any thought to where the booze and stuff came 
  from. Would she be expected to take a turn? She was sure she would. Could she? 
  While it would be scary she knew she could. She wanted to be a part of the group. 
  But she was nervous. 
  
  ********** 
  
  The last to arrive at the party was the head of the group. Bubba was dressed 
  in a white leather suit complete with hat. He lead two women into he room on 
  the end of a chain. Valerie Klinger, Graces mom and Patti Sphar, Wendy's mother, 
  were both naked, wearing 6" heels and hobbles. Their hands were locked behind 
  them and the healing welts on their backs and asses showed they had been punished 
  in the last week or so. Bubba threw them to the floor next to the Johnsons and 
  getting a drink from the maid stopped to examine the new slave on display. 
  
  "Well well." said Bubba. "The proud Mrs. C. Well done Lisa. How are the plans 
  for little Amy proceeding?" 
  
  "Right on schedule Sir. Sluts Grace, Wendy and Susie are following your instructions." 
  answered Lisa. 
  
  "Very good. Is everyone here?" 
  
  "Yes Sir". responded Lisa. 
  
  Bubba now took over the show and Lisa's slave was about to begin the test. 
  
  ********** Amy and her friends waited at Grace's car for almost 20 minutes for 
  Susie to return The girls talked about all the guys at the mall and their reactions 
  the girls. No one seemed concerned about Susie at all. 
  
  Amy was beginning to get a little worried when she saw Susie climbing out of 
  a red pick-up truck with 2 six packs of beer. Amy immediately noticed that Susie's 
  lipstick was slightly smeared and the driver was wearing a broad smile on his 
  face. 
  
  "Got it guys," said Susie. Let's go get the other stuff and head home to party." 
  
  
  The girls piled into Grace's car and headed into the downtown area. Amy had 
  no idea where they were going but she was concerned that she might be next to 
  have to pay for the "other stuff." 
  
  "Man, that guy was hung like a horse, " said Susie. "it was at least 9" long 
  and I could hardly fit it in my mouth. He really had staying power too. I had 
  to use every trick I know to make him cum. I wish I had more time I would like 
  to have climbed on that pole and taken a ride." 
  
  Amy was glad it was dark so the others couldn't see her blushing face. She had 
  never hear such things talked this way before. She kept hoping she wouldn't 
  be next. She had doubts as to whether she could do it or not. 
  
  ********** 
  
  Bubba yanked the chain attached to his two slaves and ordered them to stand 
  next to Mary and at his command each was to begin to lick and suck her nipples. 
  He then ordered Mr. Johnson to kneel in front of Mary and when ordered to lick 
  her pussy. Last he ordered Mrs. Johnson to kneel behind Mary and lick her asshole 
  when told. He cautioned them that no one was to touch Mary before his command 
  and they were to stop immediately when ordered. 
  
  As the slaves moved into position Bubba grabbed Mrs. Johnson as she walked by 
  and kissed her forcing his tongue deep into her mouth. He particularly like 
  to abuse Mrs. Johnson because she hated the position her husband had put her 
  in and even more so because she was from Alabama and had a powerful dislike 
  of blacks. 
  
  When the slaves were in position Bubba ordered them to begin gently on their 
  assigned areas. He and Lisa readied the things they would need for the next 
  phase. 
  
  Mary jumped at the sudden touching of her nipples followed by the gentle caress 
  of tongues on her ass and pussy. It took her a few seconds to realize that there 
  were four tongues caressing her most sensitive areas. A million thought flashed 
  through her mind. Who did these tongues belong to? Were there others watching? 
  How long had she been on display? 
  
  Her body, despite the aching and discomfort of being stretched open for so long 
  balanced on the high heels, began to respond. Her nipples hardened even more 
  and her pussy went from a drip to a fountain. She felt her body riding a wave 
  of pleasure beyond anything she had ever felt. She was climbing higher and higher 
  as the tongues danced over her nipples and clit. Her ass had never been so erotically 
  stimulated. She could feel she was hearing the top as her whole being centered 
  on those three areas. 
  
  "STOP," barked Bubba. All 4 tongues were immediately removed from the aroused 
  teacher. The slaves sat next to the denied teacher and awaited further instructions. 
  
  
  Mary didn't understand what was happening. She had been so close. She was left 
  in the darkness and silence as the soaring pleasure she had felt a moment ago 
  slowly left her body. She attempted to move her taut stretched body to find 
  the tongues which had been fanning the flames within her but there was nothing. 
  
  
  The guests watched as her body literally shook with frustration at being denied 
  release They laughed and and made fun of how she was reacting to the program. 
  They waited in anticipation of the next phase but they knew it would be a while. 
  
  
  ********** 
  
  Grace drove downtown and parked in front of a pool hall on one of the side streets. 
  Amy was so nervous by now that she didn't even know the name of the street. 
  Grace when into the pool hall and was gone about 15 minutes. When she came out 
  she climbed in the car and turned to the back seat where Wendy and Amy sat. 
  
  
  Amy's heart was in her throat. If Grace said it was her turn she would have 
  to go inside an give a complete stranger a blow job. She had never even touched 
  a boy's cock. She steeled herself to do it. Being part of this group was worth 
  it. 
  
  "Wendy, Joe is waiting for you," said Grace. 
  
  Amy let out a sigh of relief but it was premature. 
  
  "Amy I want you to come in with us so you can meet the guys and fully understand 
  what it takes to hang with us. 
  
  With only a slight hesitation Amy said, "Sure." She wanted to be a part of the 
  group more than anything. 
  
  ********** 
  
  Bubba waited for Mary to stop trembling and then ordered the slaves to start 
  again. As Mary again approached orgasm he ordered them to stop. The guests enjoyed 
  Mary's frustration while they began to make use of the other slaves. 
  
  Ms. Wheeler was calmly paddling the upturned ass of the president of the board 
  who was draped across her lap with her skirt raised and her bare red ass quivering 
  each time the paddle landed. The Simon's were enjoying the charms of Beth Kemper. 
  Mr. Simon was plowing into her ass forcing her mouth and tongue deep into Mrs. 
  Simon's overheated pussy. 
  
  Mr. Amos was passing the time chatting with Ms. Wheeler and playing with his 
  slave weighted nipples. kimmy was kneeling with her ass high and her tongue 
  licking and sucking Mike's toes while Mr. Evans used her well trained pussy 
  to pass the time while he enjoyed Mary's frustration. 
  
  Dale Kemper was kneeling before Bubba in his long slinky evening dress licking 
  Bubba's swollen balls which he had carefully removed from Bubba's tight leather 
  pants. Dale was a transvestite but not gay or bi which made this extremely humiliating. 
  
  
  Bubba continued to have the slaves bring Mary to the brink of release and then 
  force her to be denied for over an hour. The other guests played and the "maid" 
  was kept moving serving drinks and snacks. She also was made to suck several 
  cocks and pussys in her travels around the room. Her feet were aching, her ass 
  was now filled with a thick plug and her face was covered in cum. 
  
  Mary meanwhile was crazed with frustration. Her pussy lips were swollen and 
  her clit never retracted under it's protective hood. Her nipples were so sensitive 
  the slightest touch was almost painful. She felt her asshole spasm even when 
  the tongue was not worming itself deep inside her. Her legs felt like jello 
  and provided little support for her body and her brain was centered on achieving 
  release. 
  
  ********** 
  
  Amy followed Grace and Wendy into the pool hall. It was dark with bright lights 
  hanging over each table. She counted 7 guys playing pool but no one paid much 
  attention as the three made their way to the back office. 
  
  "Come in," the voice said from behind the door following Grace's knock. 
  
  Grace opened the door and the three young women walked into the small dingy 
  office. One guy sat behind the desk in the cramped office. Grace and Wendy seemed 
  very relaxed while Amy was ready to pee her pants she was so scared. She fought 
  hard to hide her fear and act brave. 
  
  "Hi Wendy," said the guy. "This must be the new girl, Amy is it?" 
  
  Grace made the introductions, "Amy this is Joe, Joe this is Amy." 
  
  "Hi Joe," said Amy with more confidence than she felt. 
  
  "My pleasure," answered Joe as his eyes scanned the tight little body before 
  him. 
  
  Wendy moved around the desk and gave Joe a long deep kiss. "Hi baby." 
  
  "How many bags tonight?" asked Joe. "I think two will do tonight Joe." answered 
  Grace. 
  
  As Joe's hands move to open Wendy's blouse Grace said to Amy, "Let me explain 
  the set up. We have a standing arrangement with Joe. One bag, a straight blow 
  job; two bags, a naked blow job and Joe's hands get free roam; and three bags, 
  a naked blow job and Joe's gets to eat our pussy. We've never asked for more 
  than three so I don't know what Joe would charge for that." 
  
  Amy glanced across the desk and she saw a naked Wendy kneeling between Joe spread 
  legs and opening his zipper while his hands moved roughly over her breasts and 
  nipples. She couldn't move her eyes as Wendy pulled Joe's hard swollen cock 
  from his pants. She had never seen a real live cock before. It look big but 
  not as big as the one Susie described in the car. The head was thick and purple 
  as Wendy's tongue licked all over it. 
  
  "Come on lets wait in the car," said Grace as she smiled at Amy staring at the 
  cock sliding in and out of Wendy's puffy cheeks. 
  
  About 20 minutes later Wendy came out to the car with the two bags and the gang 
  headed for Graces to party. 
  
  ********** 
  
  Bubba ordered the slaves to start again on the exhausted Mary. As their tongue 
  began their torment Bubba motioned for Lisa to begin. 
  
  Lisa picked up a long pair of tongs with padded tips. She reached into Mary's 
  open mouth and firmly grasp her tongue with the tongs and pulled her tongue 
  out of her mouth. 
  
  Mary felt her body again climbing the mountain. Then she felt something new. 
  Something had grabbed her tongue and was pulling it painfully out of her mouth. 
  She struggled to retract her tongue but it was held fast fully extended beyond 
  her lips. 
  
  Bubba picked up a long thick curved needle and after spraying an antiseptic 
  on Mary's tongue forced the needle through the middle of her extended tongue. 
  
  
  The pain was intense. Mary felt something forcing it way through her tongue. 
  Then suddenly she was over come by the most intense orgasm of her life. Her 
  body shook and she filled Mr. Johnson's sucking mouth with her cum. 
  
  Bubba inserted a gold post through the new hole in Mary's tongue and locked 
  it in place permanently. Then while Mary was still in the throes of her orgasm 
  Lisa moved the tongs to grasp Mary's tongue behind the new post and Bubba places 
  another hole near the tip of Mary's tongue and inserted a gold ring and permanently 
  locked it in place. 
  
  Mary felt the pain in her mouth begin to subside as her orgasm continued. Suddenly 
  her tongue was pierced again and her body was propelled into a second huge orgasm 
  more powerful than the first. 
  
  The slaves continues to lick and suck the orgasming teacher as Bubba and Lisa 
  moved on to Mary's breasts. Lisa using the tongs to pull the hard swollen nipples 
  out with Bubba piercing each nipple and locking a gold ring in each. 
  
  Mary felt her tongue being released and then she was aware her nipple was being 
  stretched and she new what was going to happen. She was unprepared for the intensity 
  of the sensation as her overstimulated nipple was pierced and her deprived body 
  launched into her third orgasm. 
  
  The audience watched intently as the piercing continued with each nipple receiving 
  a solid gold ring and then the watched as Bubba and Lisa pierced the once proud 
  independent Mrs. C's pussy placing tree gold rings in each of her swollen red 
  pussy lips. They were astonish that each piercing forced the bound slave to 
  have another orgasm with each seeming more powerful than the previous. 
  
  Mary was totally out of control. Her body was being torn apart with one powerful 
  orgasm after another. Her tongue and nipples ached and her pussy was on fire 
  at the moment. Then she felt something probing inside her pussy. 
  
  Lisa carefully grasped the tiny hood of Mary's inflamed clit. Bubba then pierced 
  the hood and locked the final gold ring into the new hole. 
  
  This piecing was too much for the bound teacher. The pain and pleasure was so 
  intense she passed out as her body again orgasmed intensely. 
  
  Bubba ordered the slave to stop and as Lisa carefully sprayed each new piercing 
  with antiseptic spray the remainder on the guests moved forward to examine the 
  teacher's new jewelry as she hug limply in the frame. They congratulated Bubba 
  and Lisa and talked about the intense show Mary had put on. 
  
  After everything was cleaned up and everyone had examine the fine work the guests 
  and their slaves moved into the dining room for dinner leaving the spent teacher 
  to rest and regain consciousness. 
  
  ********** 
  
  The girls arrived at Graces's house and as usual no one was home. They went 
  to Graces's room and sat around talking about what they had done that night 
  as each drank their first beer of the evening. 
  
  Amy couldn't get the image of Wendy on her knees with her lips stretched around 
  Joe's cock. She was smart enough to know that the next time would be her turn. 
  The thought both scared her and excited her. 
  
  "Let's do something" suggested Wendy. 
  
  "Any Ideas?" asked Grace. 
  
  "Wanna play strip poker?" asked Susie. 
  
  "That sounds like fun," said Wendy. 
  
  "Yea lets do it",said Grace. 
  
  Amy thought a second and then realized they had all been nude last night why 
  not. "How do you play?" asked Amy. 
  
  "I'll find some cards," said Grace, "You guys explain the rules to Amy." 
  
  ********** 
  
  Mary slowly regained consciousness. She was disoriented. Her body ached and 
  there was a particular ache in her private areas and her tongue felt funny. 
  Slowly the events of the previous hours came back to her. She shuttered as she 
  recalled the constant stimulation and denial. Then the intense orgasms as she 
  was subjected to intense pain. How did this happen? She remembered the pictures, 
  the forced sex, the threat of exposure, the humiliation, the pain, and the pleasure. 
  She had to do it. Her family needed protection from these people. She would 
  do anything to protect them. 
  
  The guests had enjoyed a wonderful relaxing dinner as their slaves entertained 
  them. The primary entertainment for dinner had been the Kempers. Dale was forced 
  to suck cocks hard and then insert them into his lovely wife's ass as she sucked 
  pussy after pussy. After each cock deposited it load deep in her ass, her darling 
  husband sucked it out and then prepared the next cock for her while she cleaned 
  the cock just removed from her ass.. The last had been Bubba who had the cum 
  covered wife hold her ass open and repeat over and over to her wimp husband 
  how great Bubba was. Her poor ass felt stretched so wide by the time Bubba finished 
  she thought it wouldn't close completely for a week. 
  
  Mrs. Evans served the entire meal from atop her heels. By the time dessert was 
  served she was near exhaustion but continued because she truly feared the wrath 
  of her son. When the other went back to the room where Mary remained tied she 
  began to clean-up. She knew she wouldn't be able to walk for a few days after 
  tonight but it was better than when her son sent her to the dogs. 
  
  As the guest returned to their seats, Lisa moved to Mary and removed the hood. 
  Next she removed the ear plugs and Mary could hear for the first time in hours 
  but there was no sound. Everyone was quiet. 
  
  As she became accustom to hearing she thought she could hear breathing. Yes, 
  there were several people all around her. Watching her. Had they been there 
  when she was being abused and when she had humiliated herself by orgasming to 
  pain? She wanted to see who they were. Suddenly she heard Lisa's voice. 
  
  "Hello pet," said Lisa. "Welcome back to the real world. Now I am going to remove 
  your blindfold and and gag but you are not to make a sound. Understand?" 
  
  Mary nodded her head in agreement. She would agree to anything to see who was 
  here and to be able to close her mouth. 
  
  Lisa slowly removed the blindfold and then the pads over Mary's eyes. 
  
  Mary blinked repeatedly as her eyes adjusted to the light. Finally everything 
  came into view. She couldn't believe what she saw. As she looked around she 
  recognized everyone there. She was confused by the way some of the people were 
  dressed. Her eyes went from one to another but kept returning to Bubba in his 
  white leather suit. She knew he was behind it but what now? 
  
  She heard Lisa's voice. "I'm sure you recognize everyone here. You can tell 
  from the way people are dressed some are owner and some slaves. You will learn 
  who belongs to whom later but rest assure each slave serves every owner willingly. 
  All of the slaves have been recruited just as you have. Something they don't 
  want the world to know. No slave knows the other's secret but the owners know 
  all the secrets and each has a complete set of document, pictures and tapes 
  of each slave so there are no secrets from the owners. You must understand from 
  this point forward you will obey every owner without question. Do I make myself 
  clear?" 
  
  A truly frightened Mary nodded her head yes as tears streamed down her face. 
  She was sinking deeper and deeper into this horrible nighmare. 
  
  "I'm going to remove your gag and I don't want a sound." 
  
  ********** 
  
  Amy was a little slow to catch on to poker but her luck was good. Wendy was 
  down to only her panties, while Grace and Susie had their bra and panties left. 
  Amy still wore her bra, panties and jeans. By this time each girl had 2 beers 
  and passed around three joints . Amy must have gotten better at smoking because 
  she was really feeling the effects more than yesterday. 
  
  Amy lost her jeans and Grace was now bare chested. Amy was excited. Being with 
  these girls made her feel grown up. The underwear Grace had lent her had become 
  a thrill to wear rather than an embarrassment. On the next hand Wendy had the 
  misfortune of losing and found herself sitting totally naked. 
  
  "Well I guess the game is over," said Amy with a smile. She was glad that she 
  hadn't had to bare her breasts and pussy again tonight. 
  
  "Not at all", said Grace. "Now the game gets interesting. Once a person losses 
  all their clothes they must do whatever the winner of the hand tells them to 
  do each time they lose." 
  
  As the reality of what Grace had just said sunk in, Amy began to feel she was 
  in over her head. What kinds of things would they make her do if she lost? She 
  had seen their behavior all night at the mall, getting the beer and 'trading' 
  for the pot. 
  
  As much as being a part of the group meant to her she was thinking about quitting 
  the game and calling her mom to come get her. Just then Susie handed her another 
  beer and Wendy passed a fresh joint. Her moment of uncertainty passed and she 
  knew she could do anything. 
  
  ********** 
  
  Lisa removed Mary's gag and the broken teacher attempted to close her mouth. 
  With a great deal of effort and no small amount of pain she managed to work 
  her jaw to relieve the stiffness and close her mouth. She could feel the post 
  and ring in her tongue as she closed her mouth and the tears began to flow anew 
  as she realized what they had done to her. 
  
  Lisa ordered the slaves whose tongues had provided the constant stimulus to 
  Mary's senses to release her ankles and wrists and lower her into a kneeling 
  position. 
  
  Mary was thankful they had supported her because she had no feeling in hers 
  arms or legs and would have fallen flat on her face. Fortunately they continued 
  to support her even as she was kneeling because she had no strength left. 
  
  Mary looked down at her breasts and confirmed what she had thought. Each nipple 
  had a shiny gold ring through it. She knew now for sure her pussy also had been 
  pierced. Her breathing in her kneeling position became labored as the constriction 
  of the corset made inhaling difficult. Slowly and painfully the feeling began 
  to return to her arms and legs as she continued to move her jaw and neck to 
  relieve the stiffness. 
  
  All eyes were on Mary as she was released from the frame and attempted to gain 
  control of her arms and legs. There were many smiles as the once proud teacher 
  knelt in submission before them. They imagined what was going through her mind 
  as they watched her looking around the room. They really enjoyed breaking in 
  a new slave. 
  
  ********** 
  
  Wendy survived the next hand as Susie lost her bra and Graces was forced to 
  bare it all. With both Grace and Wendy stripped completely Amy figured she would 
  soon find out what happened to losers once they were naked. 
  
  The next hand cost Amy her bra and Susie her panties. Now Amy was the only one 
  with any clothes at all and the tiny silk panties were not covering a lot. She 
  was anxious to see what happened next as she took another long swallow from 
  her third beer. Everything was getting hazy and Amy was feeling really comfortable 
  sitting practically naked with her three totally nude friends. 
  
  The next hand was lost by Wendy, her luck had finally run out. Amy lost her 
  panties too and now all four clean shaven pussys were totally exposed. Grace 
  had won the hand and told Wendy her assignment was to describe in detail the 
  first time she gave a blow job. This was an embarrassing task for her as Grace 
  and Susie laughed and joked the entire time she told the story. 
  
  Amy pretended to understand what they were talking about but since she had only 
  seen her first real cock that day and had never touched one she kept her mouth 
  shut for the most part. She hoped her luck would hold out because she would 
  either have to embarrass herself and admit her inexperience or make a fool of 
  herself trying to lie about it. She took another drag on the joint as it was 
  passed to her. 
  
  ********** 
  
  Mary could feel all eyes on her as the circulation return to her arms and legs. 
  Her jaw hurt terribly and she could hardly move her neck. She was beyond humiliation 
  that all of these people she knew had seen her cum repeatedly while bound and 
  pierced. Her own shame at her body's betrayal was indescribable. 
  
  "Welcome to our group slave mary," said Bubba. "You have been marked as a slave 
  by your new piercings and now you are the property of our group. Miss Lisa will 
  remain your primary owner but you are totally available to all owners at all 
  times. Should you refuse or disobey any order from any Master or Mistress all 
  of the materials we have collected on you will be sent to your husband, distributed 
  to the community and school via posters and the mail, and of course Children 
  and Youth Services would be very interested in the kind of environment in which 
  Amy is being raised. With poor dear Amy's father out of the country and her 
  mother a total degenerate I'm sure they would remove her from the family and 
  place her somewhere outside the city for her own protection. But of course her 
  foster parents would receive a packet suggesting like mother like daughter. 
  Have I described your position out clearly slave? I would suggest you make every 
  effort to keep us very happy." 
  
  Mary was in shock. When it was only Lisa she had felt she could somehow get 
  out of this situation but now she knew there was no escape. She nodded her head 
  in agreement as tears streamed from her red eyes and dropped to her bare breasts. 
  She knew she had lost any chance at saving herself and she was at the mercy 
  of these people. She had to protect Amy. 
  
  ********** 
  
  Amy's luck had run out. She and poor Wendy lost the next hand. 
  
  "Well what shall I have our new friend do?" said Susie thoughtfully. 
  
  Amy squirmed her bare butt on the bed waiting to hear her assignment for losing. 
  
  
  "Well I think she should do like Wendy and describe her first blow job for us." 
  said Grace. 
  
  "That sounds good," said Susie. "You have the stage Amy tell us about your first 
  oral servicing of the male member." 
  
  It was decision time for Amy. She knew she couldn't fool them so she decided 
  to come clean and said, "I've never given a blow job." She could feel her face 
  burning red. 
  
  The other girls looked shocked. "You've never given a blow job," said Wendy 
  unbelievingly. 
  
  "I can't believe that," said Grace. "Come on Amy tell us all about it." 
  
  Amy wanted to crawl into a hole she was so embarrassed. Now they would think 
  she was a baby. Her eyes filled with tears as she said' "Honestly I n-n-never 
  have. 
  
  "Well I'll be damned I guess we will have to settle for a description of the 
  first hand job you did," said Susie. 
  
  "I-I've never touch a boy there." said the demoralized young woman. She was 
  upset with herself for being such a goody two shoes like her mother. "I-I--I'm 
  sorry." 
  
  "Ok let me get this straight. You have never even touch a boy's cock?" said 
  an astonished Wendy. "I'll bet you never saw a cock before tonight did you?" 
  
  
  "Only in a magazine once," answered Amy. 
  
  "Man I thought you were really cool," said Grace. "Boy was I wrong. Your just 
  a baby." 
  
  Amy's greatest fear was realized. She had to do something or they would have 
  nothing to do with her. "I want to but I just haven't had a chance yet." sobbed 
  Amy. 
  
  Grace took over the discussion. She couldn't believe things were this easy. 
  "Amy if you want to be a part of our group you know you will be required to 
  trade sex for our beer and pot when it is your turn." 
  
  "I know and I want to be part of the group," 
  
  "You understand we couldn't allow an inexperienced cock-sucker to deal for us 
  or we wouldn't get much stuff?" 
  
  The word cock-sucker shocked Amy but she responded, "I want to learn so I can 
  be a part of the group." 
  
  "Susie reach into that drawer next to my bed and get out my dildo and vibrator." 
  ordered Grace. 
  
  Amy watched as Susie opened the drawer Grace indicated and took a a flesh color 
  vibrator. It was about 8" long and and a little more than an inch across at 
  the base. It was smooth and tapered at the head. Next she took out a bigger 
  black dildo. It was at least 10" - 11" inches long and over 2" across the base. 
  It was shiny black hard rubber replica of a cock complete with veins and a ridge 
  behind the head. 
  
  "Wendy you take the big one to start and give Amy the little one," ordered Grace. 
  
  
  ********** 
  
  "Since Miss Lisa discovered you slave you should crawl over to her and beg to 
  please her first," said Bubba. 
  
  Mary knowing she had no choice turned and began the long crawl across the room 
  to where Lisa was seated. She was aware that she presented quite a sight with 
  breasts swaying and her hips sundulating from side to side as she attempted 
  to crawl while the tight corset forced her to take shallow breaths. She had 
  to crawl with her legs slightly spread as the rings in her pussy kept getting 
  caught on each other. This allowed everyone in the room a clear view of her 
  moist pussy lips. 
  
  When the defeated teacher reached her student she said with a quivering voice, 
  "M-Miss Simon, how may your pet serve you?" 
  
  A quick slap to the face silenced the stunned teacher as she heard Lisa say, 
  " You are no longer my pet you are now officially my slave. You have no control 
  over anything anymore. You are totally under my control. Understood slave?" 
  
  
  "Yes Miss Simon, Your slave understands." 
  
  Another swift slap to the face almost knocked the confused teacher over. "I 
  am Mistress from now on slave." 
  
  "Yes Mistress, your slave is sorry Mistress." 
  
  "Better slave. I have waited until now to allow you the privilege of serving 
  my with your mouth slave. Crawl between my legs and you better do your best 
  tongue work slave," said Lisa as she slid her skirt up and spread her thighs 
  wide. 
  
  Mary crawled between her Mistress' spread legs and began immediately to lick 
  her shaved pussy. She could feel the slick juices of her Mistress and the hardening 
  little nub of her clit as the ring and the stud flicked over it. Mary struggled 
  to please her mistress as Lisa gave her directions and the group cheered her 
  on. Lisa ordered her to keep her ass high and her legs spread as she worked 
  her tongue to please the teenager. Mary could feel someone slide a finger into 
  her own dripping pussy as she wrapped her lips gently around Lisa's clit and 
  began to thrash it with the ring on the end of her tongue. 
  
  Lisa hips began to hump against the teacher sucking mouth as Mary felt a second 
  finger slide into her hot pussy. Soon Lisa grabbed Mary by her short hair and 
  forced her tongue and mouth deeper into the hoot molten depths of her pussy. 
  
  
  Suddenly Mary felt Lisa pussy spasm and shoot her hot juice down her throat. 
  Mary continued to lick and suck her Mistress' pussy bringing her to a second 
  and a third orgasm. Out of nowhere Mary felt herself wracked with a power orgasm. 
  Pleasing her Mistress, the fingers sliding in and out of her upturned pussy 
  in front of all the watching eyes and the fact that she had absolutely no control 
  of herself were too much. 
  
  Lisa pulled Mary's drenched face from her satisfied pussy and ordered her to 
  lick her clean. When she had completed cleaning her mistress slave mary was 
  ordered to crawl to Master Bubba and offer to meet his needs. 
  
  Without any hesitation Mary crawled to Bubba and asked, "How may I serve you 
  Master?" 
  
  "Lie down on your back slave and spread your legs." 
  
  Mary thought Bubba was going to fuck her. As disgusted as she was with herself 
  she wanted him to put that huge cock of his into her. She stretched out on her 
  back with her legs spread and her knees drawn up. 
  
  She was rewarded with a crack of Bubba's belt across her breasts. The pain was 
  the worst thing she had ever felt in her life. 
  
  "Did I tell you to pull your knees up slave? Don't ever try to anticipate what 
  I want. Do what you are told and that is all. You have no mind to think with 
  anymore slave." 
  
  Mary wanted to rub the red welt across her breasts but she was smart enough 
  not to attempt it. She lowered her legs and remained motionless as the pain 
  ebbed from her breasts. She saw Bubba step over her head and lower his ass to 
  her face. 
  
  "Lick my ass slave," ordered Bubba as he reached for Mary's nipples and began 
  to pinch and twist the recently pierced nubs. 
  
  Mary opened her mouth to scream and Bubba lowered his ass on to her open mouth. 
  Mary began to lick the black janitors ass hole. When she slowed he would pull 
  the rings in her nipples to get her going. She couldn't believe she was in this 
  position doing this in front of other people. She was a respected teacher, wife 
  , and mother. Not any more. 
  
  ********** 
  
  Grace had Wendy to demonstrate good cock-sucking technique for Amy. She began 
  by licking the head of the large black dildo. Running her tongue around and 
  around the head. Grace describe what Wendy was doing to be sure Amy understood 
  what was required. Wendy continued licking up and down the shaft, flicking her 
  tongue over the head each time. Then she put the head into her mouth sucking 
  gently. Grace explained that while the cock is in your mouth you must keep your 
  tongue moving over the swollen member. Wendy continued to swallow more and more 
  of the dildo as Grace explained how to deep throat and work the muscles of the 
  throat in a milking rhythm. 
  
  Amy watched in fascination as Wendy's tongue began licking the head and then 
  down the shaft. Once Wendy opened her mouth and began sucking Amy could only 
  watch as more and more of the huge black thing disappeared into her sucking 
  lips. 
  
  "Your turn Amy," said Grace as Wendy removed the saliva cover dildo from her 
  mouth. 
  
  Amy knew she had to do this if she wanted to be part of the group. The combination 
  of the beer and pot had lowered her common sense to the point she actually believed 
  she had to be a part of the group. She moved the hard plastic vibrator to her 
  lips and sticking out her tongue she began to imitate what Wendy had done to 
  the dildo. 
  
  As she slid her tongue over the hard plastic Amy was given instructions from 
  Grace and an occasionally from Susie. Wendy went back and demonstrated each 
  phase of the perfect blowjob as Amy copied her. 
  
  Amy was very self-conscious as she perform the practice blow job but she really 
  wanted to learn. When it came time to swallow the plastic vibrator Amy began 
  to gag and choke. Grace worked with her until she could relax and take most 
  of the toy down her throat. 
  
  Once Amy mastered the vibrator, the card game continued and each time Amy lost 
  she would have to practice her cock-sucking technique. After 3 more loses she 
  graduated to the larger black dildo and by the end of the night she could take 
  the head of the black monster down her throat without gagging. 
  
  Grace went to sleep with a smile. She had really accomplished much more than 
  she thought she would in one weekend. She hoped the Master would be satisfied. 
  
  
  ********** 
  
  Mary spend the next 15 minutes licking Bubba's black ass and heavy swollen balls 
  while she was displayed before the group. Bubba continued to torment her sore 
  nipples while her tongue felt like it was about to fall off. 
  
  Bubba lifted his clean ass from the teacher licking tongue. He had forced her 
  to even lick up inside his ass. She was going to be fun. Grabbing her by the 
  nipples he forced the exhausted new slave back to her hands and knees and suggested 
  she get his cock nice and wet. 
  
  Mary struggled to her hands and knees. She got her mouth open and began working 
  on Bubba huge cock. She was suspected why he suggested she get his cock wet 
  and feared what that enormous black bat would do to her ass. She worked her 
  mouth all over the thick cock making sure to get it soaked with her saliva. 
  She couldn't understand why she was so excited behaving this way while on display. 
  The fear of what was to come made her pussy spasm even more. 
  
  Bubba withdrew has spit soaked cock from slave mary's mouth and moved around 
  behind her. He ordered her to reach back and guide the battering ram to her 
  ass hole. She wanted to beg him to put it in her pussy where she needed it but 
  had already learned that what she thought or needed didn't matter. She grabbed 
  the janitor's cock and placed the head at the entrance to her ass. She could 
  feel him pushing forward and the huge head of his cock stretching her anal ring. 
  He kept pushing and pushing and the pain at the entrance to her ass increased. 
  She bit her tongue to keep from screaming as the head suddenly popped through 
  the ring and was lodged in her ass. 
  
  Bubba hadn't felt an ass so tight in a long time. He continued to push forward 
  sliding the thick tube deeper and deeper into the kneeling teacher. He delighted 
  in her silent sobs as she tried to control the pain in her ass. He didn't stop 
  until he felt his balls smacking her pussy. He had slid the entire thing into 
  her. Now the fun began. "Slave I want you to move your ass back and forth and 
  fuck your filth ass on my royal tool." 
  
  Mary did her best to comply with Bubba request and as her ass adjusted to the 
  invasion she was able to slide her stretched ass up and down his cock. It only 
  took a minute for her to spasm and have a powerful orgasm. She wanted to reach 
  down and play with herself but knew that would not be permitted. 
  
  The overwhelmed teacher orgasmed 4 times as she was forced to abused her ass 
  with Bubba's enormous cock. After the 4th orgasm Bubba pulled his cock from 
  her ass and moved around and shoved the filthy thing into her mouth. Within 
  seconds he was shoot gobs and gobs of cum into her gagging mouth. "Swallow ever 
  drop slave", cautioned Master Bubba. 
  
  Mary did her best to swallow the tons of cum Bubba deposited in her sucking 
  mouth. She fought to control the gagging from suck his cock which was covered 
  with her own shit. She cleaned Bubba cock and knelt awaiting further instructions. 
  
  
  Mike Evans was next and after she sucked him hard he roughly shoved his cock 
  into her dripping pussy. She came immediately and barely heard Mike saying, 
  "Slave this could have been your daughter. If you don't do a good job maybe 
  it will be next weekend." 
  
  Mary's body continued in a constant orgasm for hours as she was used in ever 
  imaginable way. Finally everyone tired and the slaves were put down for the 
  night. Mary's tongue ring was attached to Mr. Johnson's cock cage so her hot 
  breath would be a constant source of enticement for his caged cock while Ms. 
  Cooper's tongue ring was attached to Mary's clit ring. Needless to say no one 
  got a lot of sleep that night. 
  




Owned Teacher
Chapter 28

Mary spent a sleepless night despite her exhaustion. Every time she began to
doze either Mr. Johnson would move pulling painfully on her tongue or Ms. Cooper
would move and send a jolt of pleasure/pain through her distended clit. Every
muscle ached and her piercings were very sore. Her ass and pussy were both red
and swollen and her nipples and breasts were bruised and tender. The constant
hot breath of Ms. Cooper attached to her clit kept her in a high state of
arousal. Even lying down there was no rest since she couldn't move without
causing herself additional pain to her tongue and clit.

As light began to show through the drawn curtains Mary's nose picked up the
smell of bacon cooking. She immediately realized how hungry she was. She hadn't
eaten in over 24 hours. Very carefully she moved her eyes trying to find the
source of the smell. Soon she smelled eggs, toast and coffee too.

From her position on the floor she could not see the kitchen. The dining room
was visible and soon there was movement there. Straining her eyes she saw Mrs.
Evans (the maid) hobbling around setting the table for breakfast. Her feet were
badly swollen from the extreme shoes her son had forced her to wear.

The aroma of the cooking food was causing all of the slaves' hunger to become an
issue. None of the slaves had been fed for over 24 hours and with the extreme
physical demands placed on them, their bodies needed nourishment.

Soon all the owners were seated at the table with Mrs. Evans limping painfully
around the table serving each their breakfast. The owners talked among
themselves and totally ignored the snakelike chain of slaves attached tongue to
genital just across the room.

Once the owners had finished eating they began to toss bits of food on the floor
near the slaves and encouraging them to eat. Movement of any sort seemed
impossible to Mary but soon the snake was slithering around the floor as the
slaves somehow coordinated their movements to get the food. Mary's tongue and
clit were stretched and her sore nipples scrapped across the carpet as she tried
to get bits of egg and bacon from the floor.

When the food had been all cleaned from the floor Mary felt the sting of
humiliation as the owners sat laughing at their pitiful attempts to get
something to eat. They acted like animals just to get something to eat.

Once the owners had finished amusing themselves tossing food to their slaves
they said their good-byes. Each released their slave from the snake chain and
led them out to their cars to go home. Mary was forced to get into the trunk
with her hands bound behind her 'because Lisa didn't want anything so filthy her
car.

Once they got to Mary's house Lisa released Mary from the trunk, gave her the
keys to her heels and ordered her to go up to the bathroom, strip, shower, fix
herself up and come to the kitchen. She told Mary she would lay out her clothes
for her.

With greater effort than Mary thought she capable of she managed to get out of
the corset and into the shower. Since Lisa hadn't given her a time limit Mary
didn't know how long she had but she didn't want to keep her Mistress waiting so
she hurried to scrub the dried cum from her body and hair. She took the
opportunity to examine the rings in her nipples and pussy. She brushed her teeth
trying to get the taste of cum and pussy out of her mouth and examined the
piercings in her tongue. After drying and styling her hair Mary applied her
make-up the way Lisa liked it and went into the bedroom to see what Lisa had
laid out for her to wear.

Mary was surprised to find only a pair of 5" black heels with ankle straps and
locks. She quickly put the heels on and locked them in place. Her feet and legs
were very tired but wearing heels was normal now and didn't add to her fatigue.
She hurried down the stairs as fast as her exhausted legs could carry her.

Mary entered the kitchen to find her Mistress sitting at the kitchen table with
a bowl of cereal with a banana cut up in it and another bowl that looked like it
was filled with orange juice.

"Hello pet. Come and kneel by your Mistress," said Lisa. "I imagine you are
hungry and I think you will need your strength pet." Lisa bent and placed both
bowls on the floor at her feet. "No hands pet."

Mary realized how hungry she was and without hesitation began to lap the cereal
and juice from the bowls like a pet dog. She didn't care that her ass was high
in the air and her face was buried in a bowl of cereal and bananas. She was
starved and her body craved food.

After Mary had licked each bowl clean she knelt up on her knees before her
Mistress with cereal smeared on her face beyond the reach of her pierced tongue.

Lisa smiled as she reached out and wiped the cereal from her slave's face with
her finger and fed it to Mary. Mary opened her mouth and sucked her Mistress's
finger clean.

"As a dessert slave you may crawl up and eat my pussy."

Mary knew she had no choice so despite her exhaustion she crawled between her
Mistress's spread thighs and used her pierced tongue to please Lisa. She could
never have imagined two weeks ago that she would be licking a student's pussy
and enjoying it. The fact she enjoyed it crushed her self esteem. What time was
it? Where was Amy? When would she be home?



Amy awoke around noon to find Grace and Wendy already up and dressed. She looked
on the bed next to her and saw the black dildo. Last night came flashing back to
her mind. Why had she behaved that way? She wasn't that kind of girl. She
thought. 'I will not go out with these girls again. I can't do the things they
expect of me. It isn't worth it.'

"Look who's up," said Grace. "Wendy wake Susie so we can get started." Amy was
confused. "Get started on what?" asked Amy.

"We have a big shopping day planned," answered Wendy as she shook Susie to wake
her. If you plan to run with the older girls you will need to get a new wardrobe
and things to look like you belong. We're really glad to have you in our group."

Susie woke up and seeing Grace and Wendy dressed, immediately headed for the
bathroom and emerged a few minutes later also dressed. This left Amy the only
one naked and she was feeling uncomfortable.

"Your turn Amy. Take a quick show while we find something for you to wear to the
mall." said Susie as she finished dressing.



Mary's tongue flicked over her Mistress's clit bringing her to her second orgasm
and getting another mouthful of her nectar. Mary found the taste of her
Mistress's pussy sweet and satisfying...  She wanted to continue but deep down
she knew this was wrong.

"Enough pet", said Lisa pushing Mary away from her pussy. "You're going to be an
excellent pussy licker." Mary couldn't decide whether to be proud or ashamed.
She just lowered her eyes and said, "Thank you Mistress."

"Now pet, it is 1:00 and you need some rest before we continue. Your new bed is
in the basement. You remember the cage from mom and dad's house? Well that is
your new room. Lets go down and I'll tuck you in. You will get 4 hours sleep
then you will have to get busy."

"Get busy Mistress?" asked Mary as she followed her Mistress to the basement. A
feeling of dread swept over the humbled teacher.

"We'll talk about that later pet. Now get in."

Mary knelt and crawled into the tiny cage with the thin blanket Lisa gave her
and tried to get comfortable. Lisa locked the cage and climbed the steps. "See
you at 5:00 pet. Sleep tight," said Lisa as she snapped off the light and closed
the door thinking Now to get ready for Amy.



Amy took a quick shower and returned to the room wrapped in a towel. Grace was
on the phone and Amy noticed clothes on the bed.

"Try those on" said Wendy pointing at he clothes." I love going shopping.

Amy walked to the bed and found a pair on red thong panties, a crop top and
jeans. She dropped the towel and as she started to dress the others admired
their new friend. She looked so cute with her shaved pussy, budding breasts and
pierced belly button.

While the thong still felt strange as the tiny strap slid into her crack and
rested against her tight ass hole, they made her feel so sexy. The shirt was a
good fit and showed off her new belly button ring nicely. The jeans were a
little tight but looked really good in the mirror. She looked a little older
than she was but not as old as the night before.

Suddenly the night before came back to her. She was ashamed at what she had done
and then she remembered the pictures. As soon as Grace hung-up the phone Amy
asked, "Grace, what are you going to do with the pictures you took last night?"

Grace chuckled," We keep a scrap book of all our activities. We can look at it
later when we add your to the album but for now lets get to the mall."

Amy was still uneasy about the pictures but she didn't want to make a scene with
her new friends so she stood and said, "Let's go."



Mary was so exhausted she fell into an immediate deep sleep despite her
uncomfortable conditions. While her mind went wild with dreams and nightmares
her rest was undisturbed. Her body took over her mind and she got so of the rest
she desperately needed.

Mary could feel herself being nudged with the pointed toe of a shoe and
struggled to open her eyes. It couldn't be possible for it to be 5:00 yet but
there was Lisa standing outside her cage in the bright light with the door of
the cage open.

"Time to get up pet."

Mary crawled out of the cage with her muscles screaming from their cramped
position. She stretched trying to reduce the pain in her body and blinked her
eyes as they adjusted to the bright light. She felt a hand on her head holding
her in a kneeling position and understood immediately her Mistress wanted her
kneeling before her. "Stay on your knees pet and follow me," ordered Lisa.

Mary followed the teenage Mistress up the stairs on her hands and knees into the
living room where Lisa sat in the overstuffed chair that used to be Mary's
favorite comfy chair. Here she was kneeling in front of her Mistress awaiting
her instructions, Her body aching and her mind in an utterly confused state. How
had things changed so quickly? Her mind drifted to Amy and she wondered where
she was. It was 5:00 Sunday afternoon and she hadn't seen her in three days and
she was with those older girls. When would she be home? Would she walk in and
see her mother behaving this way?

"Pet, I want you to pay close attention to the new rules I am going to outline
for you. Many are the same but I want to remind you of them and of course you
know the consequences of failing to obey the rules...

RULES FOR LISA'S PET

1. I will remain naked with 6" heels at all times when at home unless directed
to do otherwise by my Mistress.

2. My standard uniform when leaving the house will be a skirt or dress approved
by my Mistress, garter belt and stockings, and 6" heels.

3. My hair and make-up will ALWAYS be done to my Mistress's specifications.

4. I will only eat what and when my Mistress approves and I will not use
utensils without permission from my Mistress.

5. I will never go anywhere without permission including the bathroom. I will
use the backyard at home and squat over the toilet when away from home. I will
ask permission from my Mistress to relieve myself.

6. My ass will always be lubricated.

7. My pussy will be bald at all times.

8. I will sleep in my cage every night unless directed otherwise by my Mistress.

9. I will wear my collar at all times.

10. I will exercise daily and keep my body fit for my Mistress.

11. I will make no decisions with out direction from my Mistress.

12. I will have my plug, my black dildo and my nipple clamps with me at all
times.

13. I will respectfully address my students with Ms. or Mr. and my Mistress's
friends as Master or Mistress.

14. I will always be smiling and willing to obey.

15. I will not orgasm without my Mistress's permission but will masturbate at
least 5 times a day.

16. I acknowledge I am willing becoming the slave to my Mistress and I am
obeying her because it is my desire to please her in every way.

17. I understand that my life is now in my Mistress's control to do with as she
may.

"In addition to these permanent rules there are a few addition rules for the
coming week which must be obeyed. You will live in the basement. You will stay
in your cage unless called out by your Mistress. You will shower in the basement
and use the floor drain as your toilet."

"Yes Mistress," said Mary, her eyes on the floor. I'm no more than an animal to
her. Living in the basement in a cage is inhumane. thought the despondent pet.

"You will go upstairs and move all your clothing, shoes, make-up and personal
things to your new home. When you are finished you will return to this position.
Remember Amy will be home any minute so don't dawdle."

Mary quickly started to rise and was reminded, by a quick slap, that she was not
to stand in the presence of her Mistress without permission. Mary crawled off to
move her things to her new home.



The girls all piled into Grace's car.

"Amy we are going shopping for some new things for you. We have your mom's
credit card so we won't have to worry what we spend. This is going to be so much
fun. By the time we're done you will be able to get rid of all those little kid
clothes and start dressing like the woman you are."

The girls laughed and giggled as they traveled to the mall. Amy felt like part
of the group and was getting excited about getting new clothes. She wondered why
her mom gave them her credit card but she wasn't going turn down the
opportunity.



It took Mary about 30 minutes and 8 trips from upstairs to the basement on her
hands and knees, struggling to balance her things on each trip. It was about
5:45 when Mary crawled before her Mistress to await further instruction. While
she was moving her things she began to wonder how Lisa was going to deal with
Amy if she was to be naked and living in the basement.

Lisa allowed Mary to kneel before her with sweat running down her face and her
hair in disarray. She could sense the Mary was getting more nervous by the
minute fearing Amy would come home and find her in this position...  Finally she
handed Mary a notebook. "Pet, you are to record, in detail, in your journal
every time you service a Master or Mistress, every order you are given and how
you obeyed it, each punishment assigned by a Master or Mistress, and each night
before bed at least three pages about your love of your new life."

Mary reached out and took the notebook. "Yes Mistress," She looked at the front
and it showed a picture of her with a huge black cock between her lips and a
large white cock in her bald pussy. The smile in her eyes said it all. The title
was "Amy's mother's slave manual" A shudder passed through her body as she
realized she was doomed. There was no way out and her only hope was to save her
family from embarrassment and shame.

Next Lisa handed her slave a large box of condoms. "Slave there are 144 condoms
in this box. You are required to present 6 filled condoms to me each evening
before I retire. You may not require a man to wear one but you may ask him to.
If he refuses you will service him anyway. I retire at 11:00 each evening so you
must be home before that. I will layout your dress each day and provide you with
any special instructions for collecting that days specimens. Go down to your
quarters and make yourself presentable while I get you something to wear.

Mary took the box and crawled toward the basement in a state of shock. 'Was
there no end to the depravity of her position.'

"Wait pet," called Lisa. "Here are the keys to your heels. Wouldn't want you to
ruin them."

When Mary reached the bottom of the steps she paused to remove her heels. She
found the hose attached to the cold water faucet. The teacher couldn't believe
she was here in her own basement, naked taking an icy shower from a garden hose
while a student ran her entire life. When she reached to clean her pussy she was
appalled to find it wet with her secretions. The thought of having to humiliate
herself and collect cum for her Mistress while living an animal's existence in
her basement excited her. She was hopeless.

It took the shivering wife longer than normal to make herself presentable since
she had never had to deal with such primitive conditions. Finally she was ready
to present herself to Lisa. She called up from the basement, "Mistress, I am
ready for you."

Mary watched from her knees as her Mistress descended the stairs carrying the
clothes she wanted Mary to wear tonight. "Put these on slave and wear the same
heels with the locks."

Mary recognized the pale blue business suit from her previous life. She usually
wore a blouse under the jacket but as she remembered the jacket would cover her
sufficiently and the skirt buttoned down the front to below the knees so the
lack of undergarments would not be a problem. She sat on the cold concrete floor
and attached the garter belt around her waist and carefully slide each black
stocking over her calves and up to her thighs where she attached them to the
garters. She forced her sore, swollen feet into the black heels and locked the
straps around each slim ankle. "May I stand Mistress?"

"Yes pet."

Mary stood and slid the skirt up over her hips and then she made a discovery.
There were only two buttons remaining on the skirt. The top two. The entire
lower portion of the skirt was free to open and display her most private charms
with each step she took. The jacket she found was no better. It had only one
button which barely held it closed and allowed her breasts to be almost totally
visible. With any movement they would pop out into the open. She couldn't
possibly go out in public like this.

"Turn around pet," ordered Lisa.

Mary slowly turned for her Mistress. She could feel the breeze on her bare pussy
as the skirt opened with her turning. Her breasts were shifting under the jacket
threatening to spill out at any moment.

"It is now about 7:00 pet. Here is your purse with your allotment of condoms for
this evening and $5.00. Be sure to be home before 11:00," said Lisa as she
turned to go up the stairs.

"Mistress!!"

"Yes pet"

"Mistress where is your pet to go and how is she to get there?"

"That pet is up to you. You have $5.00"

A very confused Mary asks, "May your pet have the car keys Mistress?"

"Ha ha," responded Lisa as she climbed the stairs.



"Before we get to the mall I want to make sure you understand the rules our
little group tries to follow," said Grace. "You know we like to party on the
weekends and what we do to get our party supplies. We are all virgins and that
is a requirement. We will not allow a non-virgin to be in our group. We have
decided that school is important. Those of us who didn't graduate are taking
courses to get a diploma and we expect you to work hard and make good grades.
You are a virgin, right?"

"Well yes," replied Amy.

"And your willing to do your part in getting our party supplies?" asked Susie.

"Well I'm not sure I can do that but I'll try." answered Amy.

"Don't worry we will help you practice before next weekend and you'll do fine."
said Wendy.

"But isn't doing that stuff like against the virgin rule?" asked Amy.

"Of course not. Being a virgin means you have not done IT. What we do doesn't
count."" said Grace.

Amy wasn't sure she understood but being with these girls made her feel grown up
and happy. Being a virgin and making good grades seemed like good rules and
would make her mom happy. She decided to make the effort to belong. Besides she
was going to new clothes that her mother didn't pick out. Cool.



Mary didn't know what to do. She stood stunned in her living room. Her Mistress
had always taken her to her encounters or sent her with specific instructions.
What was she to do?? It was Sunday, the club was closed. She brain hurt from
thinking. She had less than 4 hours to get 6 condom filled and get back home.
Mary walked to the door and headed for the bus stop walking careful trying avoid
showing her pussy and to keep her breasts inside the jacket. Her feet hurt and
she had no idea where she was going. A sudden thought passed through her mind
'what if Amy drove by on her way home and saw her'. She picked up the pace, her
mind in turmoil.

About half way to the bus stop Mary heard a car approaching from behind. Hoping
it was her Mistress coming to give her instructions Mary turn expectantly but
the pick-up truck drove by. A few minutes later Mary saw lights coming toward
her. She was almost to the bus stop by now and had decided she would go down
town and find an open bar and get her condoms filled. The lights slowed and Mary
noticed it was the pickup truck that had passed a few minutes before. As the
truck slowed Mary began to fear for her safety.

"Mrs. Clark is that you?"

Mary squinted into the light but couldn't see who was in the truck. "Yes it is.
Who are you? I can't see in the truck."

"It's Ken, Ken Roberts. I live down the road, graduated back in 90. You were our
class sponsor and my senior English teacher. What are you doing walkin alone out
here?" What Mary couldn't see was Ken staring at her practically naked body.
"Need a ride somewhere?"

What do I tell him? "Ahh, my car broke down and I was headed for town. Thanks
but the bus will be here soon."

" Didn't you hear on the radio, the bus drivers went on strike this morning."

"W-w-what!!!!! That can't be" stuttered Mary. What now.

"Yea they walked out for more money. The Mayor is worried about rush hour
tomorrow."

"What am I going to do" muttered Mary.

"I can take you downtown Mrs. Clark. I was just headed over to Pete's to watch
the game with some of the guys."

Mary's mind tried to work out the problem. If I let him take me to town how will
I get home? If I don't get my condoms filled I will lose everything. "I'm glad
told me so I don't stand here all night. I guess going to town is out of the
question. I was hoping for a little fun tonight." She couldn't believe she had
just proposition a guy she didn't even remember.

Now Ken's wheels were turning in his head. Mrs. Clark always was hot and that
outfit announced what kind of fun she was looking for. Reaching over he opened
the door and said, "Climb in Mrs. Clark I'll see what I can come up with.

"Thanks " said Mary. How do I get in this truck without humiliating myself? She
knew there was no way to get in without showing her pussy but maybe she could
get one or two condoms filled from Ken. What am I thinking?

Ken's eyes bugged out as Mary climbed into the truck and he saw her bare pussy
with the glint of the rings flashing through his vision. When her breast slipped
out showing the gold ring in her nipple he knew this was his luck day. "Where to
Mrs. Clark?"

"Call me Mary please. Didn't you say you were going to Pete's? Do I know him?"

"I don't think so. He went to Central High School. Mrs... Mary there will be 5-6
guys at Pete's?"

"Oh, well let's go there. The only thing is I must be home before 11. Will that
be a problem?"

"Not at all." To say Ken was shocked would be an understatement. Mrs., Clark was
always nice but very conservative, This woman looked and acted like an sexpot.
There are miracles.



When they got to the mall Grace lead the way. The first stop was Victoria's
Secret. Amy was very excited to be shopping with her new friends. Since it was
Sunday afternoon many families were at the mall and Amy hoped some of her
friends would see her with the older girls...  A couple of young men were
checking out the group as they walked by. She felt a tingling between her legs
and her nipples stiffed as the air conditioning and them rubbing on her shirt
stimulated them.

Once in the store the girls had Amy try on several different thongs with
matching wonder bras. A very tiny string bikini and several very brief sexy
night shirt and satin gowns. Everything was very sexy and revealing and Amy had
to step out of the dressing room to model everything to the girls who laughed
and giggled and were having a wonderful time. Amy had to admit all the sexy
underwear made her feel good and more grown up. The tingling between her thighs
grew stronger and her nipples were like little pebbles under her shirt. When the
entire bill was totaled Amy was shocked at the cost. Her mother would kill her.

Next they moved to the Limited. And again Amy spent over an hour modeling
outfits for the girls. They selected several items from shorts to dresses. Amy
was happy that the stuff they picked was very stylish and modern. A little older
in style than she was used to but still very nice. It made her feel good to wear
these clothes. They made her feel more confident and self assured. So far this
shopping trip was great except her mother would be mad when she saw the bills.

Then they made the rounds of the shoe stores. Amy felt overwhelmed with all the
attention as the male shoe salemen helped her try on shoe after shoe. Having to
walk around the store modeling each pair of shoes made her feel so sexy and
grown up. The shoes she got were very nice. All of them were sexy from the
sandals to the 5" heels. One pair of high boots with 4" heels were really nice.
By the time the were leaving the third shoe store all of the girls were loaded
down with packages.

Lets get these packages to the car. We still have a lot of shopping to do. Amy
was so thrilled with all the new stuff.



Mary sat in the truck as Ken drove to Pete's house. Her mind was very confused.
She wanted more than she cared to admit to please her mistress and get the six
condoms filled and be home by 11:00. Yet part of her knew this was very wrong
and she should be home taking care of her husband and daughter. A shiver ran
through her as she felt Ken's hand rest on her nylon covered knee. She had to
make a decision but she couldn't think clearly. She could feel her nipples
hardening and her pussy was getting ready. She knew this was wrong but she had
no choice.

Ken couldn't believe his good fortune. Here he was in his pick-up with one of
his old high school teachers practically naked next to him. He had his hand on
her knee and she made no move to stop him as he slid it up her thigh. He could
remember all the boys fantasized about Mrs. Clark back high school and here he
was actually touching her. He was surprised at the glint of gold he had seen in
her pussy when she climbed in the truck and he also noticed her tongue was
pierced. She was one hot lady.

Mary felt his hand sliding up her thigh reaching the bare skin above her
stocking and in spite of her misgivings she spread her legs apart for him.

"Mrs... Mary I want to make a stop before we get to Pete's. OK?" asked Ken.

Mary knew what he meant but said "sure Ken." anyway.

Ken pulled off the road into a deserted parking lot. Pulling the truck behind
the building and parked. He turned to Mary and pulled her to him and kissed her
passionately. As his tongue probed her mouth he discovered she had not one but
two piercings in her tongue. His hand moved to her breasts and slide inside the
practically open jacket and caressed her breasts. He was pleased that he nipples
were so responsive and tugged gently on the rings piercing her nipples.

Mary knew she had to go through this to please her Mistress. Her body wanted
this attention yet her mind was confused as she reached for Ken's pants and
began opening his belt.

"Lets get out and into the bed of the truck." said Ken. "We'll have more room."
Actually he wanted to get a good look at the once proper teacher he was about to
fuck.

Mary opened the door and slid out of the truck. Her jacket open and her gold
tipped breasts open to the night air. As she was closing the door she remember
the condoms and quickly grabbed her purse.

Ken literally ran around the truck and took Mary into his arms and kissed her
passionately. He could feel the rings in her nipples pressing against his chest
as her pierced tongue did battle with his own tongue. Mary could feel the jacket
slipping down her arms leaving her naked above the waist and she was disgusted
that she was responding to this former student she didn't even remember. She
thought 'it is one thing to have to do these disgusting things but to enjoy them
so much is despicable.'

Ken reached down and released the buttons on Mary's skirt and now she was naked
except for her garters, stockings and high heels behind a building with a
relative stranger and she couldn't wait to get his cock into her. She loosened
his belt and opening his pants she reached into his briefs and found a nicely
sized rock hard cock. She dropped to her knees and yanking down the zipper
quickly took his cock into her mouth. She couldn't understand why she was
behaving this way but she had too.

Ken was overwhelmed by Mrs. Clark's behavior. He could feel her hot lips
surround his swollen cock and the feel of the two studs in her tongue almost
sent him over the edge but he wanted to fuck her. Pulling her sucking mouth off
his cock he picked Mary up and moved her to the bed on the truck. The metal was
cold on her bare skin as Ken laid her back was on the bed with her ass on the
edge. Her legs spread and dangling off the back of the truck.

Mary felt Ken moving between her legs and whispered "condom please" through her
passion. "I don't have one" responded Ken moving his engorged cock to Mary
dripping pussy. "My purse, please", said Mary. Ken hesitated then reached over
to her purse and opening it took out a condom. Sliding it over his cock. He
quickly inserted it into Mary's glistening pussy. "Thank you" mouthed Mary she
gasping as Ken's hard cock slid into her sore receptive pussy. She couldn't
believe the instant orgasm the rocketed through her body. Raising her hips off
the truck she buried Ken's cock even deeper.

Ken pounded into his ex teachers steaming pussy. The guys are gonna love this
bitch he thought as he filled the condom with his hot thick cum while Mary was
going through her 3rd orgasm of the evening. Boy how lucky can a guy get.

Ken pulled out of the steaming hole between her legs but Mary wanted more. 'I'm
really sick... What is wrong with me?' She saw through the haze that Ken was
removing the condom and getting ready to disgard it. "Wait," cried Mary sliding
off the bed of the truck to her knees and carefully sliding the condom off his
cock and kissing his shrinking tool gently. She tied the condom closed and
carefully slid it into her purse.

"Why are you keep that?" asked Ken.

An embarrassed Mary said," It's just a thing I do."

Why question a good thing. "No problem"

Ken dressed and Mary self-consciously buttoned her skirt and jacket and quickly
climbed into the truck. She felt so ashamed and embarrassed to behave this way.
And her body wanted more. What was becoming of her?



The girls loaded all the packages into the trunk and climbed into the car.

"Where to now?" asked Amy.

"We have to stop over at the salon and make an appointment for you to get rid of
that little girl hair cut and for a make over so you can learn to do your
make-up. It is important to learn to do your make-up correctly from the
beginning so you take care of your skin and look as nice as you can. Make-up
will be an important part of your life from now on so you will look like you
belong with us.

"Amy understood what she was talking about because she was younger and needed to
look older so she wouldn't always be the 'young one.'

"The we have one other stop. You need to get you your own toy so you can
practice and be a contributing part of the group."

Amy knew this was true and she decided that this was a group she wanted to be
with. Party on weekends, study during the week, and remain a virgin. She felt
this could work.



As the truck pulled into the driveway of Pete's house Mary became nervous. She
needed the condoms filled and her body wanted sex but she knew this was wrong.
Her pussy, nipples and ass were all sore. The piercings were sore yet constantly
stimulating. Her stretched ass felt very unusual to her. She was very aware of
every tiny area of her body and they all seemed super charged. Yet she knew this
was wrong as she climbed out of the truck and allowed Ken to give her a
passionate kiss.

Taking her hand Ken lead the confused teacher up to the door. "Ken?"

"Yes"

"Please help me get my condoms filled and home by 11:00. It is very important."

While he didn't understand he was more than willing to be helpful. "Of course I
will Mrs... Mary"

Ken lead Mary up the stairs to the porch. A quick kiss and he knocked on the
door. Pete answered. He had a surprised look on his face. "Who's this beautiful
woman?" he asked as his eyes roamed over the very exposed teacher.

"This is Mrs. Clark, Mary, one of my old high school teachers. She is looking
for some fun and I thought you guys could help her find some."

"This is one of your old teachers?" asked Pete in disbelief.

"Yea, well she has changed a bit since I graduated but she was my English
teacher. Come on in. said Ken taking her hand and leading her past his stunned
friend.

Ken took her into the room where 4 other friends were watching the game.
Needless to say all eyes turned to Mary as Ken introduced her. Ken told the guys
who she was and that she was looking for some fun. To her embarrassment he
explained that she wanted them to use a condom and that she gets to keep it and
she had to be home by 11:00. Mary blushed deep red as she realized they all
thought she was her of her own free will and wanted to be fucked by total
strangers.

Ken hugged Mary and opened her jacket for all to see. "Why don't you take these
off and I'll pass out the condoms." A blushing Mary removed her jacket and
unbuttoned her skirt in front of 5 strangers as Ken passed out the condoms.
"Hey, there are only 5 left?

"I know but once they are filled you can go without condoms." said Mary as she
quivered with excitement, embarrassment and anticipation. Her mind and body were
in constant war now.

The 6 guys used Mary for over 2 1/2 hours. The condoms were quickly filled and
put safely into her purse and then they really got down to business. Once they
found out she was open to anything they used her over and over. Her mouth was
filled, her pussy and her sore ass were all filled repeatedly. They had her
making then hard after each fucking and she spent the entire time either on her
back or in her knees filled with cock. The 6 guys unbelievably came over and
over. She was cover in cum and her belly was filled. In spite of the depravity
of the situation Mary came over and over again. At 15 minutes to 11 Ken called
an end to the party and helped the exhausted naked teacher out to his truck. He
handed her her purse and her clothes. Mary just sat there is a stupor of sexual
excess. The next thing she knew ken was helping her naked body out of his truck
in her front yard.



The girls made an appointment at the salon for Amy on Monday after school and
headed for the adult sex shop out along the interstate. Amy was a little nervous
but was game for anything at this point. She belonged. These girls all cared
about her. Her mom had been so busy lately that she was feeling kind lonely and
her old friends were so boring. Lisa was nice but she acted more like a mom than
a friend sometimes.

They pulled into the lot and Grace lead the way as they went inside. The clerk
stopped them and said, "" You have to be 18 to come in here."

"We're all 18, " lied Grace. The clerk looked them over. He didn't get many
young girls in here and these one were good looking. "OK come on... "

The girls moved to the wall where there was a display of various size dildos and
vibrators. Amy was shocked that there were so many varieties. Grace looked over
the display and picked out a flesh colored dildo about 6 Inches long and 3
inches around. Then a large black dildo like the one from last night. Her final
selection was a special dildo with balls attached which could be filled with
liquid and then made to squirt like a real cock. "This one will help you learn
to swallow and learn to like the taste. Amy didn't know how they would do that
but if Grace said so it would happen. She was a good friend.

The girls headed for the counter and paid with Mary's credit card. The total
spent that day to turn Amy from a young girl to a woman was $1750.

They headed home and all the girls help Amy take her new clothes up to her room.
They needed to make room for all the new stuff so Grace and the others helped
Amy sort through her clothes. Getting rid of most of them and replacing them
with the new stuff. Lisa walked in and helped make the clothing decisions.

Amy's friends took all her old clothes out to the car in garbage bags. They
would drop them at Goodwill on the way home. They left Amy with Lisa about 9:30.

Amy and Lisa talked for about 30 minuets with Amy going on and on about her new
friends. Of course she didn't mention the night before or the three new toys
hidden in her drawer.

As per her new groups rules Amy was in bed by 10:45 and asleep before 11. She
had to get back into the school mode in the morning. As she was falling asleep
she wondered where her mom was...



Mary crawled out of the truck in her front yard. Lisa had left the lights on so
her naked cum covered body was clearly visible to anyone who happened to look.
Ken simply pulled the door closed and roared off not wanting to touch the cum
covered teacher anymore.

Mary looked for her watch but it was gone. It had been her favorite, A present
from her husband. Her husband, where was he? Why didn't he call anymore? How
could I behave this way, I'm happily married to a wonderful man. These thought
passed through Mary's brain as she wobbled around the house to the back door.

Lisa was sitting in the kitchen at the table when Mary staggered through the
door, naked and cum covered. Mary dropped to her knees and presented the condoms
to her Mistress.

"Well pet, from looking at you it seems you went far beyond the requirements."

Mary blushed and tears rushed unexpectantly to her eyes.

"Go down to your cage pet, complete your journal and have a good night sleep. I
have set your alarm for you and laid out your clothes for school tomorrow. Don't
bother to look at them tonight. Be waiting at the front door at 7:15 in the
morning. You will be picked up for school. Amy and I are going out to breakfast.
We plan to leave at around 7 so don't come up until after we are gone."

Lisa put the condoms in the refrigerator and walked up to Mary's old room
without another word.

Mary dragged her body down the stairs and crawled into her cage. She completed
her journal, which made her relive the entire evening. She was devastated with
remorse and humiliation to be required to write about her humiliating behavior.
As soon as she finished her journal with tears in streaming down her face, she
curled in a ball in her cage and was instantly asleep as visions of her
servicing all 6 guys at the same time passed through her mind and made her hand
slide to her ringed pussy.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  thumb


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





