BDSM Library - Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club 2




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club 2
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Great sequel to "Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club". Now the club is expanded. Come and find some more willing slave girls!
Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club 2

CyberSleuth (cyber_sleuth@hotmail.com)

NEIGHBORHOOD SEX AND TORTURE CLUB 2 - SEQUEL TO NS&TC




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club 2
                                CHAPTER 1

     It was Friday evening.  Bill and Connie sat at their kitchen table
discussing the final preparations for the party.  Their son Jimmy, and Kim, his girlfriend
who lived next door, had just left to pick up Angela.  She was one of Kim's friends
and was due to be initiated into the club tonight.

     It really hadn't been necessary to pick her up since she only lived on
the next block, but it made it easier to tell Angela's parents a convincing story if
they thought a group of the kids were getting together.  If Angela had said she was
sleeping over at Kim's house, her parents may have called or come by for some reason and
that wouldn't have been good.

     This was the first initiation of a new member and a lot of planning had gone into
making the event a memorable one.  Rosie, Kim's mother, had been there all
afternoon helping Connie with the refreshments.  Jimmy and Bill disappeared into the
basement to build a surprise piece of equipment for the evening's festivities.  By early
afternoon all the work was completed and the group gathered to hash out a few formal
rules and bylaws for their club.

     There had been no need for rules when it was just the two families involved,
but now that they were expanding, it was decided that it would be best for all
concerned if certain things were put down on paper.  This was not done hastily. 
There had been several conversations about most of these things over the last several
weeks, so today's task consisted primarily of just writing them down and organizing
them properly.

     The group chose The Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club as the name.  They
decided not to confine the membership to just the neighborhood as the name implied,
but would concentrate their recruiting efforts there because it made more sense
logistically and gave the club a more intimate atmosphere.  As a club, they wanted to
foster the idea that the members were all one big family.

     The group addressed the issue of secrecy first.  Since some activities of the
club were illegal, like sex with minors for instance, everyone would suffer if the
activities of the club became public knowledge.  Even if legality was not an issue, the
club members would be ostracized since society frowns upon what it considers
deviant behavior.  They decided to handle recruiting very carefully and included a rule
that allowed only the charter members to invite new participants to join.

     If an initiate knew of a likely candidate, they should inform a charter member
and introduce them.  After getting to know the candidate better, the charter member
would decide when, and if, to invite the prospect to join.  All new members would
participate in an initiation ceremony which would be videotaped.  This tape would
implicate the new member in any illegal activities and show a willingness to
participate.  Thus, if a member went to the authorities, they would be placing
themselves in jeopardy along with the rest of the membership.

     Force, the group felt, was an important issue.  Pain, humiliation, and
degradation were an integral part of what they did and it was imperative
that the submissive member actually wanted this to happen to them.  This would, for
instance, keep a husband from making his wife become a member against her will.  Any
applicants having second thoughts would be allowed to back out, even during
the initiation ceremony.  They recognized, however, that much of the allure of  bondage
and discipline depended upon the dominant member imposing his will upon the 
submissive one and the submissive being helpless to control the situation. 
Indeed, Rosie, Connie, and Kim wanted to be forced into doing things they ordinarily wouldn't
do because they could enjoy it without censuring themselves or suffering the guilt
feelings that often accompany depravity.  Because of this, they decided that once
committed, the member must continue through to the end of the session, no matter
what it entailed or how long it took.

     The rest of the rules were minor.  Bill was the undisputed leader until he chose
to relinquish the position.  There would be an effort to maintain an equal ratio of
dominant to submissive members.  Likewise, male and female members were to
be kept in relatively equal numbers.  Club members were free to play on their own with
anyone they chose, even if the partner was not a member of the club.  Every member
would be encouraged to relate fantasies they would like to act out.  

     Because of her own particular situation, Connie added the rule that married
couples must join as a unit.  She had almost lost her own marriage to Bill by seeking
out groups and individuals who would allow her to act out her bondage and discipline
fantasies.  It was only a stroke of luck that Rosie and Kim entered the scene and
saved her marriage.  Connie did not want the club to be responsible for the breakup of
someone's family.

     Satisfied that they had addressed most of the important issues, the talk turned
to the initiation ceremony.  Of course, it had to be different depending upon whether
the inductee was dominant or submissive.  Since Angela was going to be entering as
a submissive member, they decided to concentrate on that and discuss the induction
of dominant members later.

     Angela was a special case.  She was not only the first new member to be
accepted, but she was also a minor.  At seventeen, she was a year older than Kim,
but still too young to be considered an adult by the courts.  Having sex with her would
expose the adults to statutory rape charges.  This could not be avoided and was
deemed an acceptable risk by the group.

     The videotape would show the girl being asked repeatedly if she knew what
she was doing and if she were being forced into having sex or participating in any of
the bizarre activities.  They decided to require Angela to ask for specific sex acts and
go into great detail, enumerating exactly what she wanted done to her.  While they
knew it would not totally protect them, they hoped that it would show that Angela was
a willing participant.  Having done the best they could, the group adjourned, each
going their separate ways to make final preparations for what they hoped
would be an exciting evening.

     The evening started innocently enough.  If someone had dropped in, they would
have seen three teenagers sitting on a couch visiting with three adults.  Each teenager
was sipping a soft drink and munching on the hors d'oeuvres that Connie and Rosie
had prepared.  The older people had mixed drinks, which they were nursing, not
wanting to get drunk.

     Their conversation was general, small talk about school, movies, and what they
had seen on television recently.  If the person listened closely, they would have
learned that Angela was a visiting friend, while Jimmy and Kim belonged to the adults.   
There was certainly no clue that the homey group was about to engage in the most
bizarre and deviant sex that one could imagine.

     Bill went to the bar to fix another round of drinks for the adults.  On his way
back, he switched on the camera.  Settling in his chair, he cleared his throat, subtly
getting everyone's attention.

     "Angela, I have turned on the camera.  From now on, everything we say and do
will be recorded.  Would you tell us why you are here tonight, and a little of what you
expect to happen?"

     "Sure" she answered, looking straight into the camera.  "Kim has told me that
you all get together for some wild parties with lots of sex.  She said she usually cums
ten or fifteen times a night, sometimes so hard that she passes out.  I've had a little
experience with sex, but never anything like what Kim described."  She didn't know if
Kim had told the others about their time together, so she decided not to mention it. 
"In gym class I saw some welts and bruises on her legs and ass and asked her about
them.  She told me they were what made her cum like she did.  I knew that I always
came a little harder when a guy bit my neck or squeezed my boobs really hard while
we were screwing, so it made sense to me.  Kim said you guys are starting a club that
specializes in this type of sex and that I could join if I promised to abide by all the rules."

     "Very good" Bill said.  "Do you understand that to become a member of our
club you will have to pass the initiation?"  He paused, waiting for Angela's response. 
When she nodded, he continued.  "You will have to agree to be our slave.  During the
initiation, which may take several meetings, you will be whipped, spanked, caned, and
tortured in many other ways.  You're pussy, ass, and mouth will be fucked repeatedly,
and you will have sex with everyone in this room.  Is this a problem?" he asked.

     "Not at all" Angela replied, a little breathlessly.  "It sounds delicious!  Can we
start tonight?" she asked hopefully.

     Bill chuckled.  "Not quite so fast.  We need to know that you really understand
what you are getting yourself into and what this club is all about.  As a slave you will
have no rights and no will of your own.  You must obey every command given to you
by a Master and do so immediately.  To illustrate, this is purely hypothetical of course,
because I would never put you in such an awkward position.  If I came to your house
and was visiting with your parents, I might suddenly tell you to suck my cock.  You
would be expected to do as I said, right there in front of your mom and dad.  Do you
get my point?"

     Angela swallowed nervously.  "I see.  That's pretty heavy stuff.  I wouldn't really
have to do that would I?" she asked.

     "Of course not, but you may be exhibited in public and might have to show
perfect strangers that you are a slave and willing to do anything I ask.  As your
Master, I may make you walk from your house to a club meeting while you are
completely naked.  We would have spotters along the way to see if you obeyed.  If
not, then you could expect severe punishment when you arrived."

     "It's scary, but it sounds exciting too" the girl said, with a nervous giggle.  "I
think I'm most scared about being tortured.  Will I be really hurt?"

     "I can answer that" Kim interjected.  "Yes.  You will be hurt.  You'll scream and
cry, and think you're going to die, but I promise you that it will all be worth it.  After a
while, you will start to like the pain and even want it.  I'm not quite there yet, but
Connie and my mom crave pain.  They would rather be tortured than anything
else because they cum so hard and for so  long when they're really suffering."

     "Another thing to remember" Jimmy added, "is that we are all in this for fun. 
We like bondage and discipline because it turns us on.  If the ladies didn't like what
we did to them, there would be no club.  They like it because it lets them get as slutty
and depraved as they want, with no feelings of guilt afterward.  After all, they are
being tortured and forced into acting like sluts.  They can't help themselves, can they?"  

     Connie knew the fear that Angela was feeling.  It hadn't been so long ago that
Connie stood at the brink, desperately wanting to try this whole new aspect of sex but
terrified of it as well.

     Hoping to calm Angela's fears she said, "Don't worry, Angela.  We were all
afraid at first.  We'll start out easy and let you get accustomed to the feeling.  I'd be
willing to bet that you will be begging for more before the first night Is done.  It's just
the words that are so frightening.  When you hear about torture, your mind conjures
up visions of broken bones, disfigured bodies, and death.  The worst you will suffer
here are some bruises that last into the middle of the week.  I, for one, treasure those,
because every time I see them or feel them I am reminded of the incredible sex that
followed.  As Kim already told you, I crave the pain.  I spend the time between
sessions fantasizing about it and thinking up new ways that I could be hurt.  I start
counting the hours when I know a meeting is scheduled, and I get hornier by the
minute.  By the time we start I'm already in such a state of agitation that I barely feel
the pain as such.  It just registers in my mind as an intense form of foreplay."

     Bill was ready to get things rolling.  "Our bylaws don't allow you to participate at
the first meeting.  Tonight, you are here only as an observer, that is, if you even care
to continue."  He paused, waiting for Angela to answer.  When she didn't respond
immediately he continued, "This is just another safeguard.  You will see what we do
and perhaps get a better idea of whether it's for you.  We will strip you and tie you in
a chair so you will have a good view of all that takes place, but you will not be allowed
to join the proceedings.  At the end of the evening you will make a choice about
whether you wish to attend another meeting.  If you decide to continue with your
initiation, I will explain in detail what you can expect at the next meeting."

     Angela was disappointed.  "I don't need to watch." She protested. 
"I'm already sure I want to join.  Kim told me enough about what goes on that I had
already decided before I even came tonight.  I want to get started now."

     Without a word, Bill crossed the room to where the girl was sitting. 
Before she realized what was happening, he yanked her up to a standing position and
forced a ball gag in her mouth, buckling it behind her head with lightening speed. 
Spinning the frightened girl around, he quickly tied her wrists with a piece of cotton rope.

     Angela was still trying to comprehend her situation when Bill coolly remarked to
the others, "She's new at being a slave and doesn't understand the rules.  You see,"
he said, turning back to the wide-eyed teenager, "when I said you were not allowed to
speak, that is exactly what I meant.  If you can't keep your mouth shut on your own,
we have to help you.  Now, I can release you and let you leave forever, or you can go
over to Jimmy and let him take off your clothes.  Make up your mind quickly because
I'm ready to start the meeting."

     Connie and Rosie exchanged smiles as the young girl scampered over to
Jimmy.  She wiggled her ample hips from side to side helpfully as the boy tugged on
her tight shorts, finally getting them down past her knees and bunched at her ankles. 
Stepping out of them gracefully, Angela turned around, presenting her wrists so that
Jimmy could untie them and remove her shirt.

     Jimmy pulled Angela's T-shirt over her head revealing a stunning pair of
ripening tits.  They were not as large as Kim's or Connie's, and certainly smaller than
Rosie's mammoth jugs, but they were perfectly shaped and jutted proudly from her
chest with no hint of sag.  All eyes were immediately drawn to the girl's nipples, which
were huge.  The areolae were at least silver-dollar sized and covered the entire area
at the tip of her breasts.  The color could best be described as shocking pink, much
like the fresh new skin that forms over a severe cut or burn.  Her nipples tilted up
slightly from the center of the areolae and were already erect, clearly showing how
excited Angela was at being almost naked in front of the group.

     While the others were examining Angela's tits, Jimmy pulled her lacy bikini
panties down, leaving the quivering girl totally nude.  An admiring murmur ran through
the other members, showing their approval of the newest club member.  Angela was
tall.  At 5 feet 10 inches she towered over Kim, who was the shortest, being only
about 5 feet 4 inches, and was taller than all the other members except Bill, who, at
nearly 6 feet just barely edged the girl out.

     Connie and Rosie, who were both fine looking women, were envious of
Angela's body.  The teenager was firm, having lost all the baby fat of younger girls,
and was exquisitely proportioned.  Her legs were long and lanky, with slender ankles,
nicely muscled calves, and thighs that parted naturally at the juncture of her legs and
pelvis.  Angela's pussy was prominent, protruding from the center of her hips, and like
her nipples, angled slightly upward.  Long silky pubic hair that matched the rich golden
tone of the hair that flowed from her head to her shoulders, covered her tantalizing triangle.

     Angela had wide flaring hips that tapered gracefully to a tiny waist.  Her eyes,
now wide with excitement, were a rich ocean-blue.  They were set apart by her
delicate nose whose nostrils were flared, further betraying her arousal.  In short,
Angela was a blond haired beauty and Jimmy could hardly believe his good fortune.  
     
     Six months ago he had been a virgin.  Kim, his next door neighbor and
girlfriend, had lured him into a trap that ended with him losing his virginity to her
mother, Rosie.  By the end of that week he was more sexually experienced
that most men twice his age.  He had fucked Rosie, and Kim, and even Connie, his own
mother, in the pussy, ass, and mouth.  Jimmy learned that women, at least these
three, liked a little pain to enhance their pleasure.  With practice, he discovered how to
use bondage, whips, canes, and paddles to make a woman squirm with passion and
beg to be used and abused.  Now he was going to get to use his newly acquired
skills on one of the most beautiful girls at his school.

     Angela was as popular as she was pretty.  She had been elected as a
cheerleader for the last three years and was the head cheerleader now that she was a
senior.  Every boy in school lusted after her but she had never let it go to her head. 
The girl was pleasant to everyone and always took time to chat in the halls, even with
some of the boys who were considered "nerds."  What was most unusual was that she
was also well liked by the girls at school.  She had always avoided joining the cliques
that thought they were above everybody else, so she had a variety of friends from all
levels of the social strata at the school.

     Angela never dated anyone exclusively.  She would show up at every party or
dance with a different guy, rarely dating anyone more than two or three times.  Many
boys had set their sights on her, hoping to be the one to win her heart, but they were
all graciously but firmly rebuffed.  Angela was not a prude.  Some of the guys had
bragged about feeling up her titties or getting a hand job from her and a few laid claim
to fucking her.  Jimmy had heard the stories and was not sure he believed them, but
with so much smoke, there might have been at least a little fire.

     A few of the stories were true.  Angela had experimented with sex several
times but it had always left her frustrated and unsatisfied.  It was not that she minded
fucking, she had even found it rather enjoyable, but it just hadn't lived up to her
expectations.  She had wanted to see stars and feel skyrockets going off when she
came, but instead, there had only been a mild ripple of pleasure when she finally
reached her climax.  She noticed, as she had already related to the group, that she
seemed to cum a little harder if the guy inadvertently hurt her during sex.  That piqued
her curiosity and was the reason she approached Kim in gym class.

     Kim and Angela had been friends for years since they lived just around the
block from each other.  Kim had heeded her mother's warning about keeping her
sexual activities to herself.  She never told Angela what had been going on with
Jimmy and his folks the past six months, and had kept silent about what she had been
doing with her mom for the past couple of years.  Even so, when the conversation
turned to sex, as it often did when the girls got together, Angela could tell that Kim
was far wiser than she.  Certain things that Kim said led the older girl to believe that
Kim was very active sexually and that she was into some kinkier things that other girls
just whispered and giggled about.

     Angela had just had one of her more satisfying sexual experiences when she
saw the welts and bruises on Kim's buttocks and thighs while the girls were showering
after gym class.  The boy that Angela had been with was inexperienced and clumsy. 
He knew little about foreplay and was trying to go as far as he could before she
stopped him.

     In fact, Angela had been just about ready to call a halt to the sexual activities
when the boy pushed his hand into the leg of her tight panties, causing the elastic
around the leg hole to dig into her thigh.  Angela liked the way it felt so she kept quiet. 
Continuing on, the boy's fingers bumped into her pubic area, fumbling around until he
finally located her labia.  He had hurt her when he jabbed his finger roughly into her
dry pussy.  Angela was taken by surprise and yelped.  She grabbed his hand
with the intention of removing it from her private parts when she realized she was
no longer dry.  In fact, her pussy had just gushed, covering his finger with thick
slippery lubrication.  The flash of pain she had felt had evaporated into a small orgasm.

     The boy, urged on by her suddenly heaving hips, pushed harder, scratching the
inside of Angela's slick tube with his fingernail, and mashing her clit against her pubic
bone.  This new sensation of pain sparked an even bigger orgasm, probably the best
she had ever had.  The young couple ended by fucking in the back seat of his
parent's car, but that had been anticlimactic to Angela, who found that without the
accompanying pain she was unresponsive.

     One night at a slumber party, Kim had brought some bondage magazines and
a couple of pornographic novels that had several passages describing women being
tied up and beaten.  All the other girls giggled nervously at the pictures.    They
wondered how the women could let someone do that to them, and thought it was even
stranger that they appeared to be enjoying it.  Reading parts of the novels aloud, they
were horrified when the female characters were tortured and expressed disbelief that
the pain and humiliation could actually cause an orgasm. 

     Although she had kept it to herself, Angela had a different reaction. 
She was fascinated by the photographs, and had to tear her eyes away before the
other girls got suspicious.  The novels had made her horny.  When the passages were
read, she pictured herself as the suffering victim.  She borrowed the books from Kim
and read them so frequently the pages were dog-eared and the books finally fell apart.

     When they were making out and the boy had hurt her, the pictures flashed back
into Angela's mind.  Later, when they were fucking, she tried recalling the parts in the
novel that had turned her on so much, hoping it would help her cum.  It hadn't worked
but it had stuck in her mind and she made the connection between the pleasure and the pain.

     Seeing the stripes on Kim's backside made it all rush back to her. 
Remembering that it had been Kim who had provided the magazines and books, she
decided to ask the girl about it.  




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club 2
CHAPTER 2

     Kim had tried to wait until the locker room was clear before taking her shower. 
She knew her back and ass were still plainly marked because she could still feel the
soreness, especially when she sat in the hard desks in class.  Angela had walked in
on her unexpectedly leaving no escape and no way to conceal her condition.  Kim
tried avoiding Angela, which was difficult since they were the only ones in the room.

     Since Kim was reluctant to talk about her marks, Angela decided to try a
different approach.  She hastily told Kim about her recent date then reminded the
younger girl about the slumber party and the magazines and books that Kim had brought.

     "I was totally uninterested in doing anything with him until he hurt me."   Angela
said.  "He didn't mean to and I never mentioned it to him, but it made me so hot I
even let him fuck me."  She continued.  "I felt just like I did when I was reading those
books you gave me and looking at the pictures of the naked, tied-up women.  Those
always made me so hot I couldn't keep my hands off myself.  It sounds weird, but I
think I like getting hurt.  I keep seeing myself tied in all kinds of positions just waiting
for someone to do awful things to me.  Is it really possible to like being tied and
helpless?  Do some people really want to be whipped?  I can't get it out of my mind
since that date.  Are there people who actually do those things?"  

     Angela was so confused and pitiful that Kim decided to talk to her. 
"Yes, there are people who like that type of thing, and as you can probably tell from
the way I look, I'm one of them."  Kim knew she had to be careful.  She didn't want
to give Angela too much information.  "All someone has to do is fasten my wrists
together.  From then on I'm their's to do with as they wish.  Once I'm bound and
defenseless I change.  I am free to do anything I'm told because I'm no longer in control
of the situation.  There is no worry about what people will think of me or if what
I'm doing is right or wrong.  It's terribly exciting, because you never know what to
expect except that you know it will probably be pretty kinky.  You're not the only one
who is free.  The person in charge can let their imagination run wild as well, because
you will do whatever they want.  If you don't do it willingly, they can torture you
until you do."

     Kim could see Angela's nipples stiffen while she talked.  The way Angela
shifted her weight from side to side showed Kim that the girl was feeling it in her
pussy too.  "Isn't it dangerous?" Angela asked a little breathlessly.  "Couldn't you be
terribly hurt or even killed?"

     "Yes."  Kim answered truthfully.  "It's part of the thrill.  No matter how well you
know the person, there is always the chance they will go too far.  It's like going sailing. 
You know you're going to come back to the dock, but if your boat is solid enough
there is always the possibility that you could just sail on forever.  You're right to be
concerned.  It's important to completely trust the person if you are going to put
yourself at their mercy."

     When Kim didn't say anything more Angela knew she had to force the issue or
lose her chance.  "How do you get started?"  She asked.  "I don't know if I'd like it or
not, but I'd like to try it at least once."

     Kim looked at the girl pointedly as if trying to make up her mind.  Finally she
said, "You've already started.  You got turned on by the pictures, the books made you
horny and you had an orgasm when the boy hurt you.  All you really want to know is if
your cumming was coincidental or if it was the pain that actually made you cum.  I
imagine you also want to find out if enduring the pain is worth the result and if being
forced to do things is exciting."

     Just talking about it had made Angela horny.  Kim was right about everything
she had just said.  Angela did want to see if she could cum by being hurt and her
mind was filled with bizarre things she might be forced to do.

     Angela's heart skipped a beat when Kim said, "If you really want to try it, I'd be
willing to help you.  I usually like to be the submissive one but I'll make an exception
since you're a friend.  When do you want to do it and where can we go that we won't
be disturbed for a couple of hours?"

     Angela's critical test had arrived.  She had to put up or shut up.  Hesitating only
briefly, she haltingly said, "I have cheerleader practice after school.  They let us use
the gym and it's my responsibility to lock up when we're done.  When the other girls
leave, there's never anyone around.  Sometimes I work out for a while after practice
so no one would be suspicious about me staying."

     "Fine."  Kim said.  "I'll meet you here at five.  Make sure your folks don't expect
you home until at least seven."

     There was nothing more to say.  The girls finished their showers in silence but
Angela was in a state of turmoil.  She had committed herself and she wasn't going to
back out, but she was afraid.  Kim was her friend and Angela knew the girl wouldn't
really hurt her, but the livid welts and dark bruises on Kim's back and ass frightened
her.  Angela didn't know if she could take that much punishment.  She was torn
between wanting to see how real pain would affect her and hoping that Kim would
take it easy on her.  Thinking back over what Kim had said, she finally realized that it
wasn't going to be her choice.  Once Kim took control, Angela would have to endure
whatever the girl chose to put her through.

     Although she had tried to appear calm and aloof, Kim was also excited,
because she had been wanting to share her experiences with some of her friends.  
Knowing that there were people from outside their club with similar thoughts was a
comforting feeling to the teenager.  She couldn't keep her mind on her school work so
she spent the rest of the day planning her tryst with Angela.  By the time she was to
meet the girl, she knew exactly how she was going to handle things. 

     The other girls had already left when Kim walked into the deserted gym.  She
found Angela by the gymnastic equipment to one side of the room.  Angela was
wearing a skin-tight leotard that was cut high on her hips showing her exquisitely long
and shapely legs.  Kim noticed the absence of any bra or other undergarments and
nodded her approval.  Angela nervously eyed the duffel bag that Kim had brought with her.

     Opening the bag and going briskly to work, Kim said, "We don't have a lot of
time.  If you haven't changed your mind, we should get started." 

     "I'm ready." Angela replied, her voice quivering slightly.  "What do
you want me to do?"

     "Come here."  The tone of Kim's voice changed.  Angela had made her choice
and now Kim was giving orders.  She was no longer just making conversation or
giving Angela any options.  "Bend over this bar."  Kim directed, indicating a padded
rail that was about as high as Angela's waist.

     Taking Angela's left wrist, Kim used a piece of soft cotton line to secure the
girl's wrist to her left ankle then ran the tail of the line to the support beam of the rail,
making Angela move her leg out toward the beam.  Satisfied that this was going to
work, Kim completed Angela's bondage by tying off her right wrist and leg.  Angela's
feet were spread apart as far as possible.  Kim's target, Angela's nicely rounded ass,
was totally accessible and held rigidly in place.  Angela would not be able to escape
the paddle when Kim started spanking her.

     The thoroughly bound teenager silently surveyed her situation.  The long
muscles that ran up the backs of her legs, her hamstrings, were stretched.  This was
not an unpleasant feeling.  She always did stretching exercises before practice to
make sure she was limber and to keep from getting a strained tendon or ligament. 
Pulling against the ropes, Angela tested her mobility and found that she had none. 
She could move no more than an inch in any direction.  A shiver ran up her spine as
she realized how confined and vulnerable she was.

     There was an almost undefinable feeling that started in the pit of her stomach
and spread throughout her pelvic region.  It was fear, excitement and uncertainty all
mixed together.  Angela felt her nipples begin to harden and push against the tight
fabric of her Spandex gym suit.  At the same time there was the unmistakable feeling
of her pussy discharging lubrication, flooding with slick love juice.  That was when she
identified the unusual feeling the bondage was creating.  Angela was getting aroused!

     Kim took her time, wanting to allow Angela enough time to get used to her
situation.  Given a choice, Kim preferred sex with men, but she was not 
unaccustomed to lesbian sex or unappreciative of the pleasures that women
could give to each other.  Consequently, a quick flash of desire ran through her
as she admired Angela's lean firm figure.  She felt a twinge of jealousy as she eyed the other
girl's tight ass and long slender thighs.  Angela's buttocks were full and prominent,
with no hint of flabbiness or sagging.  They were, Kim noted, deliciously spankable,
which was just what the girl intended to do.

     Grabbing Angela's gym suit right above her ass, Kim jerked up forcibly, giving
the older girl what is commonly known as a "wedgie."  Angela let out a short 
"Ummmpphh" as her ass cheeks parted and the material dug into her crack,
separating her cheeks and digging into her asshole and pussy.  Kim was pleased with
the effect.  Angela's ass cheeks were now totally exposed and were even more
pronounced than before.

     Kim had chosen her tools wisely.  During the day, when she should have been
doing her school work, she decided that what Angela needed was an introduction to
bondage and discipline.  She would not try to beat the girl into submission or take a
chance on scaring her so badly that she would want no part of it ever again.

     Digging into her bag, Kim selected the ping pong shaped paddle first  Being
wide, it would give maximum coverage, warming up a large area with each blow.  It
would sound as if Angela was receiving a very hard spanking but there would be very
little actual pain.  The older girl's cheeks would be left a rosy pink color and she would
feel the heat as the blood rushed into the area.  Kim even liked this paddle used on
her as a warmup.  It toned the muscles in her ass and prepared them for the more
violent abuses that usually followed. 

     "Ten should be enough.  I'll give her five on each cheek."  The neophyte
dominatrix thought to herself.  She reached out and ran her hand lightly up Angela's
thigh and over her left globe, delighting at the way it twitched in response to her touch. 
Angela was unprepared for the first blow.  The loud crack of the paddle startled the
girl as it flattened her buttock and she let out a small yelp.  Kim quickly followed the
first hit with three more, two on each bouncing cheek.

     Kim stood back to examine the effect.  Angela's cheeks had taken on a flushed
pink color.  Kim could tell that her friend was feeling the effect of the paddle because
her hips were slowly swishing from side to side as much as her bound position
allowed.  Angela had taken the other blows in silence after the first cry of surprise.

     Moving back to the girl, Kim placed her hand in the small of Angela's back and
rained three hard fast blows on her left ass cheek.  Hardly pausing, she directed the
next three to the right one, finally getting a reaction from the girl. 

     "Ooohhhh!  It burns!"  Angela moaned softly.  "My ass is so hot!"

     She hadn't been hurt.  The paddle had stung her and she knew she was red
because of the tingling she felt in her ass.  Angela felt her pussy leaking and knew
she was soaking the thin strip of material that covered her snatch.  She could also feel
her pussy lips swelling as her excitement rose.  The crotch strap  of her gym suit was
slowly disappearing, being engulfed by her inflamed labia.  The thin wet band of
stretched material was now pushing up against the tiny hooded appendage of her clit,
arousing her even more.

     Kim saw the signs and knew what her blond friend was feeling.  Taking enough
time to allow the girl to cool down, she selected the next paddle that she intended to
use.  This one was a fraternity paddle, the kind used to initiate pledges into the social
clubs on college campuses.  It was wooden, about two inches wide, and had rounded
edges so that it wouldn't break the skin.  Kim knew from experience that this paddle
could hurt.  It concentrated the force of the blow into a much smaller area than the
other one.  It would sting like fire and could leave bruises if used energetically enough.

     Having decided on an additional ten whacks, Kim went to work.  The thinner
width of this paddle let her expand her target area, so she was going to let Angela
know  how it felt when the paddling included the backs of her thighs. 

     The first blow landed right at the base of Angela's left ass cheek, just on the
crease where her thigh swelled into her meatier buttock.  A red stripe sprung up
immediately and Angela let out a howl.  She was still trying to cope with the stinging
when Kim matched the first blow with one to her right side.  The next two cuts landed
lower, overlapping the first ones but catching the crying girl on the fleshiest portions of
her thighs.

     Kim switched from cheek to cheek and thigh to thigh as she gave the helpless
cheerleader the next six hits.  When she finished, Angela was sobbing openly with
tears streaming down her face.  Streaks of purple showed on her ass and thighs
where bruises were beginning to form.  Kim had noticed though, that for the last few
swipes, Angela had seemed to be pushing her ass out, raising it up as much as
possible as if inviting the paddle to crash against her tender hemispheres.  Her voice
had also changed, becoming huskier and betraying a sense of urgency.

     "Don't stop, Kim."  Angela rasped, disappointed when her friend quit pounding
her with the paddle.  "I want more.  It hurts, but it feels so good too.  I'm on fire back
there.  Please don't stop."  She begged.

     Kim wasn't going to waver from her plan.  She untied Angela and told her to
strip.  The last punishment would be given while she was completely naked.  
     Angela couldn't move fast enough.  She ripped off her gym suit and stood with
her back to the full length mirror on the wall.  Peering over her shoulder she looked at
her battered ass, and thrilled to the throbbing in her heated hillocks.  A shudder  ran
through her as she felt the soreness when she ran her hands gently over the welts that had formed.

     Kim saw that the girl's long golden pussy hair was wet and matted with love
juice.  The musky aroma of sex permeated the air.  Kim was wet herself and knew
that she was contributing some of that animal scent.  Suddenly her clothes were too
confining and Kim stripped as well.  If someone came into the gym there would be no
way to cover up what was going on, but neither Kim nor Angela cared.  They were
both so immersed in lust that nothing else mattered.

     After looping the rope around each of Angela's wrists, Kim led the girl to the set
of rings used by the men's gymnastics class.  She had Angela stand on a low stool
while she used a taller one.  The rings were about eight feet above the floor, much too
high for what Kim had in mind, so she tied the free ends of the ropes to the rings,
leaving enough slack so that Angela would hang with her feet almost touching the
floor.  She kicked the stool out from under the girl and stood back to admire her
handiwork.

     Angela was truly gorgeous.  Kim wished she had a camera because she would 
like to share this with the club.  Angela's smooth armpits were deeply hollowed
showing the strain in her arms as they held her entire weight.  Her breasts, smaller
than Kim's, jutted out proudly from her chest.  The large pink areolae were smooth
and puffy, with stiff, inch long nipples protruding from their centers.  Her stomach was
concave, rising slightly to her navel which was stretched into an oblong slit.  The
triangle of light silky pubic hair was split by the mound of her vulva.  Thick, puffy labia
betrayed the girl's arousal as did the quivering nub of her clitoris, now totally emerged
from its protective hood and glistening with the dew from her heated vagina.

     Although she had seen it often, this was the first time that Kim had really
studied someone in suspension.  It was no wonder, she reflected, that Bill and Jimmy
always seemed to find an occasion to hang at least one of the women in the club,
either by her wrists or ankles.  Angela, of course, was beautiful anyway, but the
suspension brought out all the lines and curves of her body.  That, with the
subservient attitude it created and the air of vulnerability, was stunning.  "If I look half
that good, I'd be willing to hang for hours."  Kim thought to herself.

     Angela wasn't aware of how desirable she was.  She only knew that her ass
and thighs were throbbing, pounding in synchronization with her heartbeat, and that
was causing a similar reaction in her pussy.  Hanging like she was, the tops of her
thighs, the plumpest portion, rubbed together.  Angela felt the wetness there and knew
her crotch was a mess.  No make-out session she had ever had with any boy had
caused her to have this kind of response. She was extremely horny and wanted Kim
to continue.  If the next part was as good as the first two, she knew she would cum. 
She was close enough now that it would have taken very little stimulation to send her
crashing over the edge.

     For the last demonstration, Kim had chosen a small, light six-stranded whip.  It
was the little brother of the dreaded cat'o'nine tails so feared by its victims of the past. 
Where the more vicious whip could rip the flesh right from the bones, this version
provided tentacles of pain that exploded against the skin.  Angela would feel a severe
stinging from each of the six strands as they dug into her, but she would not be cut. 
She would be left with several welts to remind her of their session but they would
vanish in a day or two.

     Knowing what her answer would be, Kim gave Angela a chance to quit. 
"Angela, we can stop now if you wish, but if we go on I'm going to give you
five hard cuts with this whip.  Your front will be as marked as your back and it will
hurt a lot.  You'll undoubtedly cry and probably scream.  It may hurt you so badly that
it turns you off, in which case you will have found out what you wanted to know.  On the
other hand, it may make you cum harder than you ever have."

     Kim paused, letting her words sink in, then continued.  "If that happens then
you, like me, will spend your time seeking out people who are willing to play bondage
and discipline games with you.  You will discover that the pleasure you get from sex is
directly proportional to the amount of pain you have endured.  The longest lasting and
most intense orgasms will come after you have suffered the most pain.  In just a little
while you will find yourself wanting to stretch your limits.  Knowing that greater pain
will bring greater pleasure, you'll ask for more.  It will probably even reach the point
where you know that you can't stand any more willingly.  When that happens, you will
have to find someone who will force you to go beyond your limits.  It's a very
dangerous way to live and you might prefer to stop right now."

     "No!"  Angela cried.  The urgency in her voice was evident.  "Don't stop now.  I
have to see . . .  I have to know.  I want you to whip me.  Please do it now."  Angela
was almost whining and it was clear to Kim that the girl was desperate  Angela was a
definite candidate to join their club.

     Almost before the other girl's voice had died away, Kim ripped her with the first
slash of the whip.  The six leather fingers fanned out, covering Angela's smooth white
skin from her navel down to the line where her golden pubic hair began.

     Angela thought she was prepared but she was wrong!  The pain was
indescribable.  Lines of fire burned the lower part of her abdomen.  She jerked on her
ropes, dancing like a puppet as the pain seemed to increase rather than diminish with
time.  She let out a pitiful moan, one of despair more than agony, because the poor
girl knew she had to endure this awful torment at least four more times and she didn't
think she could do it.

     Kim drew back her arm and sent the whip crashing into her suffering friend
again, this time aiming for hollow of her stomach.  Unashamedly, Angela screamed. 
One of the lashes had found its way into her navel, snapping against the delicate skin
that was rarely even touched, much less hurt.  Angela was still feeling the effects of
the first blow as this new agony took command of her body.  She was fascinated by
the fact that, while her body reacted to the new set of lashes, her mind focused on the
first ones.  The pain had dulled into what could only be described as sensuous
throbbing.  It felt as if some giant hand was giving her a deep massage that sent
tingles right into the depths of her womb.  The fiery lines left by the lashes had started
an inferno in her pussy.

     The third and fourth blows landed on her tits, covering them with angry red
stripes.  Angela screamed maniacally and swung violently on the ropes.  She had
never been in such abject misery.  Angela felt as if her mammaries, which had seldom
even been touched by anyone else, had been ripped away from her body.  It hurt so
badly that Angela was afraid that she may pass out.  

     Almost as quickly as it came, the pain vanished, leaving the sobbing girl
quivering and acutely aware of each individual lash mark.  It was highly erotic.  Angela
twisted slowly on the ropes, pulling herself up, then relaxing to let herself hang limply
as the incredible feelings of animal lust sprung from the deepest part of her being. 
The whip had brought her to the brink of orgasm and held her there.  Every nerve
ending in her body was raw and tingling, ready to explode and send the girl into that
blissful state of euphoria.  Instinctively, Angela knew where the last blow  was coming. 
Seemingly with a mind of its own, her pelvis pushed forward, poised and ready to
accept the caress of the horrible leather fingers of pain.

     Kim did not disappoint her friend.  Using all her strength, she directed the final
blow to Angela's pussy, snapping her wrist at the last moment to guarantee that
Angela would feel the awesome power of the whip.

     Angela froze as the terrible tentacles sought out her most private parts.  One
strand wrapped around her thigh, the tip digging cruelly into the most sensitive area,
the smooth inner part right below her sex.  Two more snapped against her labia which
were already red and puffy from arousal.  One even wormed its way inside her
pouting pussy, lacerating the pink scalloped inner lips and sending up a shower of the
juice that had collected there.  The last two strands found their mark with the precision
of a laser beam and almost as much power.  One hit her right above her clit, peeling
back the hood and exposing the tiny organ so that the other could strike it with full
force as it shimmered, naked and vulnerable.




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club 2
CHAPTER 3

     Angela never even felt the pain, although it should have been exquisite.  Her
shriek died in her throat as every muscle in her body contracted violently.   Her orgasm
swept through her, coming in wave after wave of pleasure so intense it was almost a
form of  torture itself.  She didn't know if she was experiencing one long orgasm or a
series of rapid-fire cums, but she knew she was in ecstasy.

     "Yes!"  She shrieked.  "Yes . . .  YES . . .  YEEESSSSS!  I'M CUUUMMINNGGG!"
     Angela was totally out of control.  Her body jerked spasmodically as she hung
from the rings.  Strands of long blond hair lashed her arms as her head whipped from
side to side, her mouth hung slack, and her eyes were rolled to the back of her head.

     Just as Angela's wild movements and ravings were beginning to calm down,
Kim tossed the whip aside and knelt before the twitching girl.  She reached between
Angela's legs and cupped the blond's abused ass bringing a moan from the girl as the
pain caused another small cum to flash through her.  When Kim pulled her forward,
Angela automatically spread her legs, putting them on Kim's shoulders and trapping
her friend's head between her soft thighs.

     Angela had never had sex with another girl.  She had only had her pussy licked
once, and that time was by a young and inexperienced boy who knew nothing about
how to please a girl.  He had licked up and down her pussy lips much like a cat might
do when grooming himself.  The boy had never found her clit or even put his tongue
inside her.  It had been pleasant enough for Angela but she had known that
something was missing.  The dirty books she had read and a few of the more
experienced girls had told her about the joys of having your pussy eaten, but Angela
had not found that to be the case.

     The moment she felt Kim's tongue she knew what they meant!  Kim swirled the
tip of her tongue around Angela's clit, sending sparks of pure energy through the girl. 
Kim continued, separating the cheerleader's thick outer lips with the sides of her
tongue while tickling the delicate inner ones with the tip.  Making her tongue round
and hard, Kim buried it into Angela's moist cave, sending the girl into raptures.

     "Oh . . . God . . . Yes, Kim!"  Angela sighed.  "Eat me.  Lick my hot wet pussy. 
Fuck me with your tongue."  She squealed, her hips pumping rapidly against Kim's face.

     All the pent-up energy was suddenly released.  Angela came again, flooding
Kim's tongue with thick liquid.  Kim swallowed repeatedly but was unable to keep up
with the volume of honey that flowed from her friend's pussy.  Kim felt the contractions
as Angela's cunt spasmed again and again.  She withdrew her tongue and sucked
Angela's hard bouncing clit into her mouth, beating the tip of her tongue against it and
chewing on it gently with her lips.

     Angela exploded again.  This time it was so violent that she lost contact with
reality.  Angela didn't know where she was or what was happening.  All she knew was
that her pussy was giving her pleasure far beyond anything she had ever felt, and she
wanted it to go on forever.  Her hips beat a staccato against her friend's face, crushing
Kim's nose against her pubic bone.  Every time Kim bit on her clit, a new orgasm was
spawned, one that was even better than the one before.  Finally Kim bared her teeth. 
She gripped Angela's clit between her teeth and bit hard.

     A flash of white-hot pain gripped the lust-crazed cheerleader and she shrieked
again.  Her muscles contracted and tremors ran up her spine.  The pain spread like a
wildfire.  It raged through her pelvis, into the pit of her stomach, licked at her tits, and
finally blossomed in her brain where it transformed into pleasure so exquisite that her
body was not able to handle the sensation.  The last thing Angela remembered before
losing consciousness was that she had found heaven and she never wanted to leave.

     Angela was so weak from cumming that her legs refused to support her when
Kim let her down.  She crumbled into a heap on the mat below.  Kim was so hot that
she didn't let Angela's condition stop her.  She rolled the older girl onto her back and
straddled her face, lowering her pussy over Angela's nose and mouth. 

     Angela was suffocating, smothered in Kim's hot wet pussy.  Tentatively at first,
then with more conviction, she snaked her tongue out, tasting her friend's juice. 
Finding that it was not unpleasant, she continued.  Remembering what Kim had done,
Angela copied the more experienced girl.  She lapped at Kim's clit and fucked into her
steaming pussy with her tongue.  Kim's hips rotated wildly as she ground her cunt into
her friend's face.  Suddenly the younger girl froze.  Angela felt Kim's pussy grip her
tongue, threatening to tear it out by the roots as it undulated and exuded gobs of thick
goo that coated her tongue and smeared all over her face.

     Kim collapsed on the mat beside her friend.  It took them both several minutes
to recuperate.  When they came to their senses, Angela gushed about her experience,
telling Kim how much she loved and appreciated her friend for introducing her to sex
with pain and bondage.  "I've never felt anything like it."  She marveled.  "How could
anybody enjoy plain old fucking and sucking once they've been tied up and whipped?"

     "Because most people have never experienced it."  Kim answered.  "Just the
thought of being tied up is enough to turn most women off, and even men usually
don't understand how exciting it can be to whip someone, exciting for themselves and
their partner.  We're conditioned to recoil from pain and regard anyone who enjoys it
as degenerate, disgusting, and sick."

     "Well, it may be sick, but I don't care!"  Angela said, obviously getting aroused
again.  "I wanted to see stars and feel skyrockets going off when I came.  I did that
and more.  No boy has ever gotten me as hot as you just did, and I have certainly 
never cum like that."

     "It's even better when a man is doing the whipping."  Kim explained.  "Once he
has you so worked up that your juices are leaking out all over the place and your body
burns from his whipping, he can fuck you until you think you'll die of the pleasure.  A
man is also stronger and can hurt you more.  They seem to have a fascination for all
your private parts and can really give you a time that you won't forget."

     "God, I don't know if I could stand it if it got any better, but I'd like to try!" 
Angela said, her eyes shining with excitement.  "Do you know a man who would be
willing to do it to me?"  She asked.

     Kim was silent for a moment, then answered slowly, "I just might be able to
help you.  Let me talk to some people and I'll get back to you soon." 
     "I hope so, and the sooner the better."  The cheerleader said.  "Now that I've
discovered this I want to learn more about it."

     Kim told the other club members about Angela.  After listening to her account,
they all readily agreed that Angela sounded like a perfect candidate to join their club,
and instructed Kim to set up the initial meeting for the weekend. 

     Standing naked and trembling in front of the group, Angela's heart pounded. 
She trusted Kim, and knew Jimmy from school, although he was a couple of years
behind her, but the three adults were unknown and frightening.  She had gone too far
to turn back and hoped she hadn't made a terrible mistake that she would regret.

     Jimmy had retied her wrists behind her back and had added a blindfold.
Angela was led to another part of the house they had called the dungeon.  After
managing to negotiate the flight of stairs without falling, Jimmy tied her to a straight
backed chair in the center of the room.  Her ankles were tied to the legs of the chair
while her arms were securely tied behind her and fastened to the chair back.  Shifting
slightly, Angela discovered she could barely move.  Jimmy completed her bondage by
running a rope around her waist and the chair, pulling it tight and making her
breathing difficult.  The final rope secured her knees to the chair seat.  Testing again,
the blond girl found that the only thing she could move was her head.

     Angela was left alone to consider her situation while Bill and Jimmy prepared
the other ladies for the evening's entertainment.  All three had stripped while Jimmy
was finishing with Angela.  Naked, they now stood in the center of the room awaiting
their orders.

     Earlier, Kim requested an extra special session for herself because she was still
extremely horny after her session with Angela.  She also thought it might make the
other girl more comfortable to see someone her own age undergoing the rigors of
sexual torture before she was called upon to partake of it herself.  Bill agreed and left
Jimmy to take care of Rosie and Connie while he led Kim to the new device that he
and his son had built especially for the initiation ceremonies.

     It looked like an old-fashioned set of stocks to Kim, except that there were two
holes instead of the customary three.  As they drew closer, the girl realized the holes
were positioned too closely for the wrists and were not large enough for the neck. 
Kim stood behind the device while Bill adjusted the center post.  Once this was done,
it was obvious that her breasts were intended to fit through the holes.  Bill reached
through the holes and grabbed Kim by both her nipples, pulling on them and guiding
her tits through the snug holes.  Once positioned, he pressed on the small of her
back, forcing her chest up against the device and trapping as much of her tit-flesh as
possible.

     When Bill turned the knobs around the holes, Kim felt something pressing into
her soft globes.  Although she couldn't see what was happening, she could tell that
something was digging into the base of both her tits.  They felt like round disks, about
the size of quarters and they came from all around her generous mounds, top, bottom
and sides.  As Bill kept twisting, Kim became decidedly more uncomfortable.
 The disks were compressing the base of her tits causing them to bulge like inflated
balloons.  She tried pulling back, but was held too tightly by the disks and her own
swollen flesh which had expanded too much to fit back through the holes.

     Bill fitted Kim's wrists into handcuffs which he snapped behind her,  and her
ankles into manacles attached to rings in the floor.  The young girl was effectively
immobilized with her taut, swollen mammaries the focal point of attention.  Placing his
palms on her nipples and moving them in a rapid circular motion brought a hiss of
approval as Kim sucked in her breath sharply in response to this stimulation.  Her tits
were amazingly sensitive.  She felt them pounding in time with her heart beat, which
was forcing even more blood into the already engorged flesh.  As her luscious boobs
became even more distended, Kim felt the skin become so tight she was afraid it
might split.  Her nipples had become rock hard and elongated.

     While his dad had been busy with Kim, Jimmy had attended Kim's mom, Rosie,
and his mother, Connie.  Rosie had been strapped into one of their favorite restraining
devices, a padded T-Bar.  Her wrists were placed into cuffs at the end of each bar of
the "T" while her legs were secured at the knees and ankles with wide leather straps. 
The bar was jointed in the middle, allowing the bound victim to be bent backwards at
the waist.  Two more straps, a thin one above the breasts and a wider one below,
kept Rosie pinned to the center post with her massive tits jutting out prominently.  It
was a perfect position for one of Rosie's favorite activities, having her tits whipped and
caned.

     Connie, on the other hand, preferred more stringent bondage and discipline. 
For her, more was better.  More pain meant more pleasure.  She enjoyed long
sessions of being tied in very severe positions followed by a harsh whipping and other
tortures.  Consequently, Jimmy placed her in suspension.  She hung by her wrists with
her legs spread wide, pulled apart with her cuffed ankles attached to rings in the floor. 
Her entire weight was supported by her arms.  The strain was already showing on her
face.

     Bill signaled for Jimmy to remove Angela's blindfold.  When her eyes got used
to the light and she was finally able to focus, she was stunned by what she saw.  Her
head swivelled from side to side, taking in all the gadgets and implements of torture
hanging on hooks along one wall.  The pieces of bondage equipment Bill had built
were scattered throughout the room, their purpose was unclear, for the most part, to
the boggled girl.  But what held her attention most, were the three women in bondage. 
Angela's mouth gaped open when she saw her friend Kim, with her bloated tits
sticking through the holes in the stocks.  Connie looked wonderfully miserable as she
hung by her wrists while her friend, Rosie, looked like she was nothing but tits in her
strained position.

     Bill removed Angela's gag.  "Since this is the first step in your initiation, I am
also relaxing the rule that slaves must remain quiet.  You may not ask for sexual
favors or protest the treatment given to the others. If there are any questions about
what we are doing or why, you can ask either Jimmy or me. When you do, address us
as Master Bill or Master Jimmy. If you have a question to ask a slave, it must come
through us, as they are not allowed to speak without permission. You may, of course,
ask to leave any time if you feel you have seen enough and want no part of what we
do." He said this last part more for the benefit of the camera than for Angela because
her heavy breathing, firm, hard tits, and damp pussy showed the girl had no intention
of leaving.

     Bill chose a small whippy switch. It was about half the diameter of a pencil,
tapering at the tip, and less than two feet in length. It was frayed at the end, showing
that it had been well used before. Angela saw her friend's eyes widen and her nostrils
flare with fear when Bill approached her with the switch in his hand. 

     The older man spoke softly but menacingly. "Kim, my dear. You've never had a
switch used on your tits before have you? I know we have put clamps on your nipples
and have used a leather whip on your tits but tonight will be your first taste of the
cane. When it's over, I'm quite sure you will agree that it is a new high in increasing
your pain threshold. Of course, you know your mother loves it. That slut starts
cumming with the first stroke and keeps cumming until I stop."

        Kim twisted frantically trying to free herself from the stocks. She knew how
painful the switch would be when applied to her highly sensitized breasts.  The most
excruciating session she had ever endured was when Bill had caned her ass and
thighs for the first time. It was a much larger and heavier piece of equipment, but it
was also used on a meatier and less vulnerable part of her body. Kim was still
ashamed that she had screamed after only the first cut and had begged for mercy and
pleaded for him to stop before she had taken half her ten blows. 

     She didn't want to disgrace herself in front of Angela on her very first night, but
she didn't know if she could handle the switch cutting into her precious melons. She
wished Bill would at least take time to warm her up by paddling her bottom first.

     It was not necessary because Bill knew exactly what he was doing. He traced
around the entire surface of both her swollen globes, touching her as lightly as
possible with the frayed bushy end of the switch. Kim openly relaxed as the tiny fibers
tickled her turgid flesh.

     On his second trip around, Bill used a light tapping motion. This time he paid
particular attention to Kim's pulsing nipples and puffy areolae. The young girl's nipples
stiffened and grew even more, and turned a fiery red color from the insistent
stimulation. Kim was going insane. Her nipples itched furiously from being so hot and
engorged with blood.

     She couldn't contain a moan when Bill placed the switch between her aching
mounds and rapidly flicked his wrist back and forth, switching her ever so lightly on
the sides of her palpitating tits. Her fear was forgotten. Now, she was a seething mass
of raw exposed nerve endings that screamed for relief. The tortured teenager had to
bite her lips to keep from crying out, begging for her Master to beat her tits. She
wanted to feel the cruel bite of the switch as it dug into her milky mounds of
femininity. Kim needed to feel the fierce stinging of the tiny cane as it sliced into her
pounding globes. She rutted shamelessly, like an animal in heat. Her thighs were wet
and sticky from the copious flow of juice from her overheated cunt. The sounds that
came from the girl were not the cries of pain or despair but were the deep 
unintelligible sounds of intense sexual arousal.

     The energy from Kim had electrified the room. Rosie's tits had hardened and
her nipples had stiffened as she projected herself into her daughter's place. She knew
Kim was enjoying herself but she selfishly wished she could trade places with the girl.

     Connie was moaning softly to herself as she twisted gently back and forth. Her
wrists hurt, both from holding her entire weight and from the straps that chaffed and
cut into her. Connie thought she was in the worst position possible. She hurt too much
to be comfortable and not enough to allow her to lose herself in sexual excess and
frenzy.

     Bill and Jimmy had taken time to strip off their clothes. The fact that they were
both excited was obvious. Their stiff cocks jutted out from their bellies like twin spears.
Anyone seeing only their cocks could not have told them apart. 

     Angela, the object of the evening's entertainment, was beside herself.  She
could feel the sexual aura in the room. Her nose picked up the unmistakable scent of
overactive glands, the pheromones, and like a wild animal, she was being driven to a
sexual frenzy. Her nipples were also erect as her mind played games with her body
while she imagined that she was the victim instead of her friend. If these people were
into torture, they had devised the worst of all by not letting her participate. Angela
would gladly have walked through the middle of town completely naked, if someone
would just give her what she needed.

     Not content to be just an observer any longer, Jimmy selected a cane.  He
chose one that was longer and heavier than the one his father was using on Kim.
Crossing over to Kim's mother, he laid the cane right across her ample bosom,
measuring the distance and testing the angle. Rosie could not contain the shudder
that ran through her. Jimmy's raging prick and the look of lust in his eyes told her that
she was about to get her wish.

     Almost simultaneously Jimmy and Bill drew back their weapons and slashed at
their hapless victims. Jimmy's aim was perfect. The bamboo cane landed squarely
across Rosie's nipples with a sickening thud forcing the sensitive buds deep into her
chest. Rosie's mouth gaped open in a silent scream as excruciating pain coursed
through her. Her eyes rolled upward, disappearing at the top of her head and saliva
drooled from the corners of her lips. The pain continued to build, threatening to
overload her circuits.

     Bill had chosen a different approach with Kim. He aimed for the area where her
areola merged with the whiter, smoother skin on the top of her breast. A thin red line
sprang up immediately and Kim howled at the pain. Although she hadn't been hit hard,
the super sensitive condition of her orbs made it seem worse than it actually was. The
second cut mirrored the first and landed on the underside of her agonized tit. This
made Kim's toes curl as the poor teenager tried frantically to free her captured globes
from the stocks. Kim had endured a lot of pain before, but nothing that she had ever
experienced was as overwhelming as what she was feeling now.

     Angela was having a hard time deciding where to look. She was interested in
watching her friend being punished but she was fascinated by the devastating blows
that Rosie's tits were absorbing and how the woman was beginning to react each time
the horrifying bamboo rod sliced into her huge, spongy breasts. Angela's head, the
only thing she could move, swivelled from side to side as she first watched Kim take
her punishment, then Kim's mother, Rosie, who was taking even greater abuse.

     Jimmy had given the older woman about ten whacks, each one gradually
increasing in intensity. By the fifth blow, the woman was screaming and tears were
streaming down her face. Her once creamy tits were well marked with streaks of angry
red and purple where the cane had bruised her. Her nipples stood up hard and proud
as if begging for more. 

     Rosie's attitude seemed to change after the fifth cut of the cane. Angela noticed
that the woman stopped screaming. Her voice deepened and took on a lustier tone.
Instead of screaming she was moaning, occasionally urging the boy to hit her again or
do it harder. She didn't try to avoid the cane but almost reached for it, pushing her
chest out as far as possible to meet the rod when it crashed into her orbs.

     By the end it was obvious that she was enjoying her treatment immensely.
"Ohhhh Godddddd YEEESSSSSS!" she shrieked. "Hit me harder . . . Make my
tits bleed . . . Oh Shit . . . I'm . . . C . . . Cu . . . Cummmmmiinngggg!!!" If the woman
hadn't been tightly bound to the T-bar she would have bounced off. Her whole body
shook as spasms ran through her. Her pussy came alive as it worked like a bearded
mouth chewing a tough piece of meat. The lubrication poured from her, turning her
crotch into a hot, damp swamp and matting her long, dark pubic hair. Rosie's body
was covered with a sheen of perspiration, further showing the intensity of her situation.

     While Rosie was cumming, she became the focus of attention and all other
action stopped. Bill and Kim kept their eyes riveted to the scene unfolding before
them. Angela didn't have to make a choice about what she wanted to watch, and
stared, mouth gaping, as the woman continued her orgasm for several minutes. Even
Connie stopped twisting and turning and simply hung limply by her wrists, envious of
her neighbor, and wondering how soon someone would remember that she needed
attention as well. Jimmy idly ran his hand up and down his thick shaft, not really trying
to jack off but reassuring his raging cock that it would soon be satisfied.




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club 2
CHAPTER 4

     When Rosie had finally finished cumming, Bill returned to his caning of Kim's
tits. Angela shifted her attention to her school mate, wondering how much Kim was
going to be able to take before she dissolved into an orgasm like her mother. The new
girl could tell that her friend was very close already.

     Jimmy released Rosie, tying her in a chair close to Angela. He eyed his mom
and selected a bull whip to use on her, knowing that watching Rosie had gotten her
hot, and that she required a substantial amount of pain to really get her juices flowing.
His cock was flaming red and jutting out stiffly from underneath his belly.  It wouldn't be
long before he was going to have to get some relief himself because his balls were
swollen and beginning to ache.

     Kim had watched her mother work her way through a terrific orgasm and it
helped her to see what she would get as a reward for undergoing such pain. It didn't
make Bill's caning hurt any less, but at least now she knew it was going to be worth it
in the end.

     Bill was just tapping Kim's breasts, not really caning them. He was hitting her
hard enough that her tits were beginning to show faint stripes, but there had been no 
bruising yet. He knew that the girl was still relatively inexperienced in breast torture
and that the stocks were causing her luscious tits to be much more sensitive than
normal. Kim was finally getting some pleasure from her situation. The caning had
made her swollen, blood-engorged tits itch madly. She was ready to move up to the
next step but knew she was not allowed to ask Bill to hit her harder.

     Asking was not necessary. Holding the cane no more than three or four inches
from her right nipple, he flicked his wrist rapidly, directing the thin tip of the cane so
that it ringed Kim's hard pulsating nipple. He tattooed her entire areola with a series of
stinging blows while judiciously avoiding the nipple itself. It started Kim off on her
climb toward sexual bliss.

     "Ohhhh God! It hurts" she hissed, through clenched teeth. "My tits are on fire.
They've never felt so big and my nipples have never been this long and hard. The
whole end of my tit feels like you held a match to it! It hurts a lot, but it feels so good
at the same time!" Talking was okay unless it had been expressly forbidden, she was
just not supposed to ask for anything during a session. Kim hoped that she was
communicating with Bill enough that he would realize she wanted him to use more
force and perhaps cane her nipples.

     She had and he did! His next cut came down vertically, starting out of her line
of vision above her head. The poor teenager didn't even have time to react as the
menacing weapon sliced through the air with a swish and buried itself into the base of
her right nipple.

     Kim's brain first registered the sound, a dull, sickening splat as the frayed tip of
the bamboo rod spread out to cover half her areola and the top of her erect nipple.
The next thing she felt was a sharp tug as the force of the blow drove her nipple
toward the floor, pulling the skin on top of her breast even tighter. Finally, Kim felt the
pain. It bored into her with the intensity of a laser beam. White hot agony seared her
tortured nubbin. It couldn't have hurt any more if her tit had been dipped into molten
lead!

     Kim screamed. It was a high-pitched scream of agony and despair that lasted
until she ran out of breath. The tears streamed down her face while she yanked,
fruitlessly trying to extricate her scalded tit from the awful device that held her so
securely. She knew another blow would soon come crashing into her other tit tip and
she desperately wanted to avoid that.

     "Nooooo!! Please don't hit me again. I can't take it . . . it hurts too much.
Please, Master, I'll do anything . . . anything at all . . . just, please don't cane my
nipples again!" Kim begged, sobbing. She didn't care that she was groveling or that
her friend was seeing her blubber like a baby. The girl only knew that her nipple was
still throbbing and ached so much that she was afraid it would drive her insane. "I'll
suck your cock until it shoots its load down my throat . . . You can fuck me in the ass
. . . You and Jimmy can both fuck me together . . . Please, just don't whip my nipple
again with that cane!" She was almost hysterical.

     Bill was patient, knowing that if he gave her enough time the panic would pass
and arousal would take over. He amused himself by moving behind her and lightly
patting her ass cheeks and pouting pussy lips with the cane. The effect was almost
instantaneous. Kim stopped wailing and quit surging against the stocks. She
unconsciously tried to spread her thighs a little wider, giving better access to the
gentle swish of the bamboo stick as it continued to bounce against her thickened labia
that had now spread open and were starting to leak some clear, slick fluid.  There was
no pain associated with this although there was still plenty left in her tortured nipple. In
almost no time, the girl had forgotten about the raging fire in her tit and concentrated
on the inferno that was starting to build in her pussy.

     When he knew that Kim's mind had been sufficiently diverted to her crotch, Bill 
quickly moved to the side and slashed at her other nipple savagely. This time was
different. The pain was just as intense, perhaps more so, but Kim was more aroused.
When she felt the tug at her breast and heard the splat as the rod crashed into the
base of her nipple, she knew the pain would soon follow. By the time it hit, she was
prepared. Even so, it was sickening. Kim felt it go right to the pit of her stomach and
spread rapidly as the heat rose to incredible heights in her tit.

     Kim didn't scream this time. Instead, she gritted her teeth and tried to ride out
the wave of nausea that overtook her. It felt like she had been punched in the
stomach, but it quickly subsided, leaving in its wake a different feeling. The girl was
very aware of the burning sensation in both her tits but she was even more cognizant
of the spasm in her pussy. Her vaginal muscles clamped down hard and locked tight.
Her ass cheeks slammed shut and quivered from the strain. Deep down, in the very
core of her being, Kim felt the first tremors of orgasm beginning to collect. They
gained intensity and speed, like a snowball rolling downhill, as they raced through her
body. By the time they surfaced as a full-blown orgasm they were stronger than
anything Kim had ever experienced in her young life.

     The pain was gone and forgotten as the teenager shook her way through the
tremendous cum. Her knees weakened and would no longer support her. At some
point, Kim wasn't sure when, she collapsed and was hanging by her tits. This pain,
although minimal by the standards already set, was enough to send her almost
unconscious body into another series of orgasms leaving her limp and floating in that 
ethereal stage between oblivion and awareness.

     When Kim began to emerge from the sex-induced fog that clouded her senses,
she became instantly aware of several things. First she realized that she was bound
into a chair near her mother and her friend. The second thing that got her
attention was a loud, cracking sound, much like the sound a small caliber pistol might make.
Kim was still too dazed to make much sense of what she was hearing but she could
understand the scene that was unfolding before her.

     Rosie was on her knees with her arms handcuffed behind her. Her head was in
Bill's lap and was bobbing up and down madly. His cock kept disappearing into her
slurping mouth as his hips slammed forward to meet her downward thrust. Kim saw
the contorted look on his face and knew he was fighting to keep from cumming.

     Angela's eyes were wide and her nostrils were flared as she stared, fixated on
something in the distance. When Kim followed her gaze and saw what so fascinated
her friend. Jimmy was whipping Connie with the bull whip. The cracking sound that
Kim heard was the result of the wide leather tip snapping against her neighbor's skin.
They had modified the whip so that it terminated in a piece of leather about two inches
wide instead of the thin tail of the whip itself. This caused an incredible amount of pain
without cutting the victim to ribbons. Connie was already marked with several angry
red lines where the whip had cut into her. If you followed the lines you could see
where it spread out leaving a much wider mark as the tip found its target.

     "My God." Angela said almost in a whisper. "She must be in terrible pain. Look
how the whip makes her swing back and forth when it cuts into her. No part of her
body is sacred. Her tits, ass, thighs and even her pussy, have felt the whip already,
and she hasn't even screamed yet."

     "Connie is a real masochist" Kim answered. "She hasn't screamed because the
pain hasn't built up enough yet. It takes an enormous amount of punishment to get her
juices flowing but once it happens there is nothing she won't do. She loves to be
forced into bizarre sexual situations and made to do humiliating things, the more
outlandish the better. Do you know many mothers who like being tortured and fucked
by their own son?"

     The question went unanswered because Angela was absorbed in voyeurism.
She couldn't tear her eyes away from Jimmy and Connie. Every time the whip cracked
Angela jerked in empathy with the abused woman. Deep down Angela knew that
Connie was taking far more pain than she could stand herself, but she still envied the
older woman and wished the dreadful whip were biting into her own body instead.

     The evening wore on and Angela was exposed to more forms of sexual
depravity than she had even known existed. When they finally released her, they
made her masturbate for them, which she did, furiously. She came almost instantly,
releasing several hours of pent-up sexual frustration. As she came, gushing on her
own hand, she heard what she had been wanting to hear. 

     They would meet again Sunday afternoon and she could join in as much as she
wanted. She only had to make it through Saturday then she would become a
participating member of the club. Angela knew it would be the longest day of her life.
 
     The girls were far too sore for much of a session Saturday so Jimmy and Bill
spent most of the day in the basement designing and building new equipment for their
games. Bill was pleased at the ideas he was getting from his son, who was beginning
to come up with some good plans for devices to build and scenarios to play out.

     Connie, Kim and Rosie, took the opportunity to soak in the hot tub to take some
of their soreness away. Sore as they were, they just couldn't seem to keep their hands
off one another and the hot tub session soon got even steamier than usual 
When Bill and Jimmy came upstairs on a break they found the women engaged in a
three-way daisy chain and moaning loudly enough to be heard over the bubbling water.

     Stripping off their clothes the men jumped into the tub, determined to get their
share of the action. A hot tub orgy followed. They paired off in every possible way and
each came several times in several different ways. 

     The guys started by being sucked by each lady. A game developed where each
girl had three minutes to try to make her man cum. The winner was rewarded with a
mouthful of hot jism. Connie won by making Jimmy shoot off first. Her prize was
getting fucked in the ass by her husband while Rosie and Kim worked on Jimmy to try
to get him back in action.

     The orgy lasted for over an hour and each person managed to cum at least
three times. Afterward, they sat in the warm, swirling water and discussed things. All
agreed that it had been a fun session but certainly nothing to match their other times
when they played bondage and torture games. All the women said they had enjoyed
their orgasms but had been left with the feeling that something was missing and they
had not been as totally satiated as they were after their other sessions.

     "In fact," Connie said. "Give me another hour to recover and I'll be ready to go
downstairs and try out what you boys have been building so industriously all day."

     Kim and Rosie concurred, so the hot tub party broke up in favor of fixing some
dinner and getting ready for another night of debauchery. They toyed with the idea of
calling Angela and continuing her initiation but decided to leave it until tomorrow as
originally planned. The anticipation would be good for the neophyte. Besides, they
didn't want to take a chance on raising her parents suspicions. They all recognized the
need to be cautious when bringing in another party, particularly one as young as
Angela. The stakes were too high to make a careless mistake by being overly anxious.

     As it happened the guys had been working on three new toys for their games.
This way there would be one for each woman. They talked about them over supper,
building the anticipation and excitement.

     By the time the supper table had been cleared and the dishes washed, the
group was ready for another round. Kim, Connie, and Rosie had listened carefully to
the guys when they described the new devices they had built. They had their own
secret wishes about which one they would get to try tonight, but knew that ultimately
the choice would not be theirs.

     Before beginning the Saturday evening "meeting" Bill made it clear that they all
needed to make sure that they were ready for Angela's initiation the next day. The
plans were to start in the early afternoon and go through the night or at least until
everyone dropped from exhaustion. Consequently, tonight must be a light session,
ending early in the evening so they could all be completely rested and ready for the
full days activities tomorrow.

     Bill and Jimmy decided to let the girls choose their torture for the evening. If the
same device was chosen by more than one person, they could draw straws to settle
the argument.

     Although the guys had described the new devices, the girls were eager to see
them for themselves. They were not disappointed. Each item was just as described
and very close to what the ladies had pictured in their minds. 

     The first was an angled ramp with swinging arms at one end. In his description,
Bill portrayed the victim being positioned so that the small of her back fit on the
padding at the higher end of the ramp. Her arms would be fixed to the lower end and
pulled back tightly on either side of her head with pulleys attached to facilitate this.
Swinging arms were in place for the legs. Padded ankle cuffs on short chains hung
from the ends of the arms which could be positioned in a variety of ways.  The women
shuddered when they visualized themselves strapped into the device. They would be
spread wide open, their inner thighs, pussies, and assholes totally accessible to the
whims of their Master. 

     Seeing it, they all had the same thought. This was a more diabolical form of a
doctor's examination table. The swinging arms just replaced the stirrups and allowed
for a more lewd and humiliating position. The incline would make their tits roll back
toward their face instead of off to one side, and they were all sure that Bill and Jimmy
would find some way to use this to their own best advantage.

     The second item was a yoke designed to fit behind the neck and under the
arms. Once in place, the girl's arms would be stretched out to the sides in a "T"
shape. Eyebolts had been strategically placed which the guys told them would be for
attaching the free end of chains fixed to nipple clamps. The girl's tits would be pulled
up and out to each side with several positions available for maximum pressure. This
device left the lower part of the body unfettered but kept the upper half virtually
immobile. They had installed heavier eyebolts for attaching pulleys, making the device
useful as a less painful method of suspension. 

     Bill explained, with a sadistic grin, that he wasn't concerned about their pain,
but with this device he could keep them suspended for much longer periods of time. It
didn't take much imagination for the ladies to see how this item would make their tits
available for all kinds of abuse.

     The third apparatus was by far the most elaborate of the three. Bill called it his
"Bondage Horse." He had fashioned it after a pommel horse, used in men's
gymnastics, with a few fiendish variations. He had installed a butt plug with a quick
release mechanism to allow for changing out the size of the instrument.  Bill explained
this was to keep the victim from bouncing around when the device was set into
motion. It would also provide the obvious advantage of anal stimulation. 

     A sliding track held the most ingenious part of the mechanism. There were two
projections. One was to be inserted into the vagina while the other could be moved to
fit snugly against the slit, extending up so the tip would be right against the clitoris.
The legs of the horse were heavy springs. An electric motor kept the whole device in
motion. Once started, the horse would move much like a child's bouncing toy, up and
down, side to side, and back and forth. The girls would be exposed to continual
stimulation in the ass, pussy, and clit. Bill described it as a "perpetual orgasm" machine.
 
     Their eyes grew even wider when he showed them the different sleeves he had
for covering the projections. Some were soft with flexible rubber knobs covering them,
others had firmer protuberances that were longer. The women could see that some of
these coverings would cause a great deal of pain when rubbing against their soft inner
tissues. 

     One such sleeve brought gasps of horror and disbelief. It was the covering for
the front projection that rubbed against their slit and clit. This one was covered in
coarse sandpaper. Every motion would grind away a tiny amount of skin covering
these sensitive areas. The ladies knew this would be an agonizing torture that would
stay with them for several days while the abrasions healed.

     Despite the painful possibilities of the horse, all three women chose it for the
evenings entertainment. Since only one would be allowed, straws were drawn.  Kim's
disappointment showed when she drew the yoke, although, after thinking it through,
she knew how much she loved being suspended and having her tits tortured. 

     Rosie would have preferred the horse but was still delighted that she had
gotten the ramp. She was sure that her pussy and ass would get a real workout and
with her huge tits falling back into her face, she knew Bill and Jimmy 
couldn't resist abusing them as well.

     Connie, of course, felt like the winner as she scurried over to the horse. Bill
lifted her up and positioned her so that her ass was over the butt plug.  Slowly lowering
her, he saw the plug push against the brown pucker of her tiny hole. The slender tip
penetrated the opening and Connie let out a small sigh as she felt her asshole
stretching to fit the thicker end of the plug. She felt completely full by the time her ass
cheeks settled onto the leather covering of the horse.

     Bill had her raise up slightly so he could insert the soft rubber cock into her
pussy. He had chosen one of the more innocuous ones first this first session, but
Connie was still unable to suppress a moan as the dildo split her pussy lips and
lodged deep in her womb. The stabilizing chains were snapped onto the wide belt she
wore and Connie rocked gently from side to side, making sure she couldn't bounce
high enough to dislodge the two appendages.

     Bill covered the front piece with a soft knobbed sleeve and slid it tightly against
her slit. Connie was already wet from the stimulation and her labia spread open to
engulf the device. She sucked in her breath audibly as she felt it rub against the entire
length of her slit and bump against her clit at the top. She was almost cumming
already and he hadn't even started the motor yet! The feeling of being double fucked
while having her clit rubbed was too much for the woman who could feel the telltale
flutters in her stomach as her orgasm began to build.

     Jimmy had busied himself with setting Rosie up on the ramp. By the time Bill
was finished with Connie, Rosie was splayed grotesquely on the ramp. Her legs were
obscenely spread, her feet almost in line with her hips. Her face showed the strain she
was under and the tendons stood out on the insides of her thighs, a further testimony
to how great the strain was in pulling her legs apart.

     As predicted, her tits billowed up into her face exposing the soft white
underside which she knew would come in for some abuse. With very little effort Rosie
could have sucked her own nipples. One thing was certain, Rosie thought to herself,
no doctor's examination had ever made her feel so open and exposed. This feeling
caused her to shiver and made her pussy fill with juice. Some of it overflowed and the
woman felt it leaking into the crack of her ass, coating her winking asshole.

     Both guys then turned their attention to Kim, making quick work of securing her
in the yoke, snapping nipples clamps on her hardening tit tips, then stretching them up
and over to the sides of the yoke. The continual bite of the clamps into her sensitive
nubbins turned the young girl on immediately. She felt her feet leave the floor as she
was hoisted up on the pulley causing a spasm in her pussy. Kim could feel the
moisture running down the insides of her thighs.

     With the three ladies all trussed up and waiting, Bill and Jimmy took time to
strip and admire their handiwork. Rosie was the only one really available for fucking in
her present position so the guys decided to start with her.  First, of course, she
needed to be heated up, although with Rosie that was easily accomplished.
The only question was what to whip her with and where!

     Confronted with such a wide-open display, Jimmy couldn't resist kneeling in
front of the woman and using his mouth and tongue on her spread charms. He found
he could stick his tongue all the way into her pussy and delighted at the way her cunt
muscles gripped at him, sucking his tongue just as if he had put it into her mouth.
Dipping his fingers into her maw, he used her own lubrication to coat his fingers.
When they were slick, he inserted first one, then two fingers into her ass, wiggling
them around which caused her cunt to ripple around his tongue which was still
plumbing the depths of her pussy. Rosie could not keep still. She pounded her ass on
the ramp, grunting and moaning like a wild animal in heat.

     "Deeper. Fuck me deeper with your tongue," she urged. "Ram your whole hand
up my asshole. I want you to fist-fuck my ass. Oh Goddddd! This feels sooo goooood!
Don't stop. Don't ever stop what you're doing to me!!"

     Sensing that she was about to cum, Bill made Jimmy stop, leaving the heaving
woman crazed with lust. Directing Jimmy to his mother, Bill mentioned to his son that
Connie was probably ready for the motor to be turned on. 

     "This is a more subtle form of torture," he explained. The pain will come
gradually after she has been forced into cumming many times. Her muscles will start
to cramp and she will strain to keep from cumming again. Of course, just the act of
trying to avoid it will force it to happen. She will cum harder and longer by trying not to
do it. After a while she will be in one continual orgasm that will just keep spiraling
upward until her body can no longer respond and she passes out. Tonight I don't want
to let it get that far, so let's be sure to keep a close eye on her. I think twenty or thirty
cums should give her a taste of what the machine can do."

     Jimmy flipped the switch to the electric motor sending the horse into motion.
Connie, who was already hovering at the edge of cumming from having the butt plug
in her ass, a dildo filling her pussy, and the knobbed dildo rubbing her entire slit and
clit, went into an immediate spasm.

     As the horse bucked the three appendages worked in and out, up and down,
and side to side, giving her different sensations with every movement. Before Jimmy
could cross the room to Kim his mother's unmistakable cry of orgasm rang out again.
He made a mental note to check on her again in about ten minutes.  Meanwhile, Kim
had been left hanging and alone. His dad seemed busy with Rosie so Jimmy decided
to take Kim for himself.

     The young girl was not hurting. It was, she thought to herself, the most
comfortable way she had ever been suspended. Most of the pressure was taken by
her underarms with the rest equally distributed along her arms. She had been hanging
long enough to let her body relax. Her ankles were crossed and her head drooped as
she tried to rest as much as possible. 

     Kim resembled the paintings he had seen of the Crucifixion, except that her
breasts were pulled up and out at an odd angle. His cock surged and he surveyed the
scene to find an outlet. His mom was shrieking out her fourth or fifth orgasm and
jerking like a puppet in a string. All her holes were amply filled. His dad had his cock
buried in Rosie's pussy and was casually slapping the underside of her tits with a
crop. The woman was yelling for him to fuck her harder and make her tits burn with
the crop. There was no room for him there. Rosie's mouth was available but he had
already been sucked off a couple of times and he wanted to fuck.

     Kim seemed the most likely candidate and Jimmy saw how it could be
accomplished. He didn't know how ready she was but knew he could fix that in just a
matter of moments. One thing he had learned about Kim was that she responded to
being eaten in almost any situation. Once a mouth touched her pussy she was off and
flying as high as a kite.

     Standing before her, Jimmy reached through her legs and gripped her ass
cheeks. Kim, seeing what he was about to do, parted her legs and raised them,
draping them over his shoulders and trapping his head between her soft thighs. Her
sweet smelling pussy was right in line with his mouth.

     Kim couldn't suppress the shudder that ran through her when she felt his
tongue lick all along her slit. He started at the bottom, near her asshole, and licked all
the way to the top, swirling around her tiny hooded clit. As she involuntarily hunched,
she felt the tit clamps pulling at her sore nipples. It hurt but just enough to make her
pussy gush with thick syrup. This delighted Jimmy who scooped it up with his tongue.

     After less than five minutes of this tongue fucking, Kim was wild with desire.
She was hunching madly, oblivious of the pain it caused in her tits and urging Jimmy on.

     "Oh yesssss!" she hissed. "Fuck me with that tongue. Stick it in me, lick my clit.
Harder!! Faster!!"

     Jimmy hit the switch that lowered the pulley. When Kim's head was about level
with his chest, he stopped the winch. Still kneading her ass cheeks, he slipped her
thighs off his shoulders and lowered her crotch to his. Perfect, he thought to himself
and he drove his cock into her hot, wet gash in one motion. Kim screeched as she felt
the long, hard rod split her pussy and lodge all the way into her. Her orgasm rushed
through her making her cunt ripple along Jimmy's steel shaft. He had to fight the urge
to cum immediately. She was as hot and wet as he could ever remember her being.

     Bill was slamming his cock into Rosie's tilted cunt with full force.  The closer he
came to cumming the harder he brought the crop down on her full, soft tits.  The white
underside had already turned a deep scarlet color but she was still urging him on. Just
as he felt his cum moving up his shaft Bill directed the crop to land squarely on
Rosie's turgid nipples. The sharp pain sent her into an orgasm to match his own and
the two of them jerked and babbled incoherently, their bodies slamming together so
hard it sounded like a spanking.

     Jimmy was only dimly aware of what was going on with Rosie and his dad. He
had moved his hands to Kim's waist, letting her hold her position by gripping him with
her thighs, and was pulling her against his hips with all his might. Kim had never been
fucked with such force and she was loving it. Each time she slammed into him her
breath was forced from her lungs with an "unnffff." Her own moans of pleasure mixed
with his to add to the cacophony in the room. All five people were grunting, groaning,
and bellowing as their orgasms peaked.

     In the aftermath one lone voice rang out and Bill and Jimmy both became
aware of Connie, still on the horse, and still grinding out orgasm after orgasm. At this
point they had all run together and she had long since lost count. The last one she
remembered counting was number eighteen. Her legs were sore from gripping
the horse, trying to keep as still as possible. Her stomach muscles ached from
clenching so tightly as each orgasm reached its peak.

     Connie was sure her asshole would never be the same. As she had
bounced up and down, and slid back and forth, the butt plug had remained deeply
lodged in her ass, thoroughly reaming her out. The poor woman's cunt ached
from being banged inside and out by the two front appendages and she felt
she had been rubbed raw. As they pulled her from the device she babbled,
"More. I want more." Later, when she told the other two about her
experience, she got an almost reverent look on her face. The Horse was
immediately renamed "The perpetual Cum Machine."




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club 2
CHAPTER 5

     Bill sent Jimmy upstairs to bring the women down to the dungeon. It had only
taken the two of them a few minutes to prepare because they had spent time that
morning before even calling Angela. Everyone had known that she would come when
they called. That had been clear enough from her reaction to the last session.

     Angela felt a little strange being the only one that was naked. She didn't have
long to contemplate the situation though, because Bill met her at the bottom of the
stairs and took control immediately. He dropped a black hood over her head,
cutting off her vision and much of her hearing, and quickly snapped handcuffs in
place, trapping her wrists securely. In seconds she was whisked off her feet and fastened to
a table, her ankles strapped down, a thick band cinching her waist, and another strap
across her chest just under her firm tits. The center chain to her handcuffs was
snapped into a pulley and was tightened quickly, causing her thin, muscular body to
stretch tautly.

     With the hood still in place Angela was not aware of everything going on
around her but she could tell there was some activity. Although a little muffled, she
heard Bill's voice clearly enough.
     
     "We are ready to begin, Angela. This is your last chance to leave. If you choose
to stay, the initiation will go forward until its conclusion, no matter what you say or do.
If you wish to continue, you must ask each of us to whip you. We have already
chosen the objects we will use on your body. No part of you will escape   There are
five of us and we will give you five blows each. When you have taken the first fifteen
on your front, you will be turned over to take the remainder on your back and ass. It's
time. Ask us to release you or call for one of us to whip you."

     Angela's heart skipped a beat and her breath caught in her chest. It was finally
time! She had to make her decision now. The girl was afraid, but the excitement and
the anticipation overwhelmed her. With just the slightest hesitation she said, "Please
Sir, I would like you to begin my initiation. Would you please whip me?" 

     Almost before the words were out of her mouth Angela felt a searing pain
across her thighs. It was a leather strap that had left a red stripe at least two inches
wide just below her pussy on the meatiest portion of her smooth legs. The sharp sting
caused the teenager to suck in her breath with a hiss, but it was not so awful that she
couldn't stand it. Angela felt an immediate flood of cream filling her already moist
tunnel.
     
     Bill's second blow landed between her navel and the line of silky hair that
formed the top edge of her pubic triangle. Angela knew that he had not used any
more force, but the blow seemed to hurt more than the first one, probably because the
area was more sensitive. She was glad the hood was still in place, because it allowed
her to bite her bottom lip to keep from crying out, and covered the tears that were
starting to fill her eyes.
     
     His third hit blistered her navel and brought the first sound from the bound,
hooded girl. It was a small whimper accompanied by violent contractions of her
stomach muscles as she tried to throw off the pain of the blow. The whole group could
tell how Angela was fighting to maintain control and not embarrass herself in front of
them.

     The fourth and fifth cuts of the strap filled the area between the first stripe and
her knees. Angela was glowing from her knees to her navel, but the strap had not
touched her pussy or her tits, which she had assumed would take the brunt of the
punishment. She didn't know if she was disappointed or glad about that. She still
feared being whipped in those intimate spots, but her body was telling her that she
needed and wanted it.

     Knowing Rosie's penchant for breast torture, Angela called for her next and she
was not disappointed. Kim's mom began by filling her hands with the girl's firm, jutting
titties and squeezing, gently at first but with increasing pressure. By the time Rosie
released her palpitating mounds Angela's nipples were stiff and digging into the older
woman's palms.

     Angela was still reeling from the pleasure of having her tits massaged when
Rosie snapped a thin leather strap into the underside of the girl's right breast. The thin
line of fire it caused took her breath away. Rosie immediately made the young girl's
tits a matched set by lashing Angela's left mound as well. The next two cuts popped
against the tips of each of her nipples, bringing a small scream from the poor tortured
girl as the pain raced through her milky tits and into the pit of her stomach. It hurt, but
it was not so bad that she didn't notice how her cunt was clenching and oozing thick
streams of fuck juice. Rosie reached down and grasped each of Angela's rock-hard
nubbins between her thumbs and forefingers and pinched them hard, twisting from
side to side as she pulled Angela up from the table by her nipples. It was almost
enough to send the teenager into her first cum of the evening, but Rosie, sensing the
signs, released her just in time and snapped the strap over the tops of both her tits
with fury.

     Angela was unable to keep from screaming this time. She had not been
expecting the blow and the pain was more than she could absorb with no reaction. It
also caused her to lose some tension that had built in her pussy. She writhed on the
table as much as possible and strained to shake her precious tits, hoping to shake off
the angry stinging that she still felt. When she calmed down a bit, she realized she still
had three people to go. She hoped with all her heart that she could stand the torment
that still awaited her. Thinking quickly, she decided that Jimmy was the best candidate
for sympathy and might give her at least a brief respite from her tribulations.

      Had the young girl seen what Jimmy had chosen to administer his first five
blows, she might not have been so eager to pick him. The thin, whippy, bamboo cane
in his hand was designed for maximum pain and the least amount of damage to the
skin. Used with enough force, it could bury itself deep into the soft flesh, causing
bruising and raising welts, and the boy was determined to see that the new initiate felt
the awesome power of the instrument.

     Once called upon, Jimmy wasted no time. His first cut landed across both
thighs, right below Angela's weeping pussy and brought a shriek from the poor girl.
Giving her no time to assimilate the pain, he quickly snapped the cane against her
skin four more times, raising vivid red stripes from her knees to her navel. Angela
writhed in agony, unashamedly crying out in pain. By the last blow the whole group
noticed that Angela's thrashing had changed. She was no longer wildly surging to
escape the cane. Instead, she was thrusting her hips and pelvis forward and up, trying
to meet the rod as it smacked against her body. She was hunching, like a woman in
the throes of orgasm. Her screams had also mellowed to the grunts and groans of a
rutting animal. A thin sheen of perspiration covered Angela's body, showing the strain
she was under.

     She was on the verge of exploding and it was only Bill's commanding voice
ordering her to control herself and the sharp, stinging slap in the face that kept her
from going over the edge. "Stop it, Bitch!" he ordered, "Slaves only cum when they
have been given permission. If you cum before I tell you to, you will have to suffer
much more punishment before we are through."

     Connie and Kim were still to come and Angela was desperate. She was afraid
that she couldn't last two more rounds of whipping without exploding into a massive
orgasm, and she was so close now that she could still feel her cunt muscles quivering.
Her stomach was tight, making the muscles ripple and giving it a washboard look. Her
tits were harder then they had ever been and her nipples ached from being erect for
so long.

     "Please Sir. I don't think I can hold off much longer. My whole body is burning
and I need to cum so badly. I have never felt this way before. It almost seems that
every blow goes directly to my pussy. I can't control it. Even the aching and throbbing
that is left after being whipped makes my cunt pound."

     Bill's voice softened as he replied, "Of course, my dear, I sometimes forget that
you are new to our games and haven't yet learned the true submissive ways of a
slave. I will allow you to buy an orgasm. We will postpone the whipping of your back
and ass for now and allow you to make each of us cum with your hands and mouth. If
you do it well, we will let you cum during the last portion of your whipping."

     Angela readily agreed and was released from the table. They removed  her
hood so that she could see for the first time. Her eyes fixed on the huge erections that
Bill and Jimmy sported and briefly noticed the obvious states of arousal in the women.
Everyone was tremendously turned on by what had been taking place. 

     Rosie took the lead. She grasped her right tit at its base with her right hand,
and the back of Angela's head with her left. She forced the mound of tit flesh into the
younger girls mouth. "Suck it, slut. Roll your tongue around my nipple and make it hard."

     Angela fought her gagging reflex and attacked the long nipple embedded in her
warm mouth. She swirled her tongue all around the rapidly stiffening object then
trapped it between her teeth, still laving it with her flattened tongue. 

     "Yes. Yessss. YYYeeeesssssss!!!" Rosie moaned. "I like that. Bite on it a little.
Make it hurt! Ohhhhhh . . . that's good. Keep it up, Bitch. Make my nipple feel your
teeth."

     Satisfied that Angela would keep going, Rosie released her grip on the girl's
head and used her hand to pull the crotch strap on her thong panties aside.  Pulling
her tit from Angela's mouth with a loud pop, the sex-crazed woman pushed her pussy
right into the teenager's mouth. Angela's nose bumped against Rosie's clit and the
slick lips of her mature cunt fit over the girl's mouth like a mask. 

     "Now suck that pussy, you whore! Make me cum."
     Angela spread Rosie's cunt lips, exposing her erect, vibrating clit and tentatively
licked it with her pointed tongue. Getting the response she wanted as Rosie's hips
slammed into her face, Angela continued with even more energy. Soon, her tongue
was buried in the woman's slick love tube, fucking in and out as if it was a tiny cock.
She used one of her hands to rub Rosie's clit back and forth with a fast motion,
almost like she was trying to polish it. Rosie moaned loudly and bucked her hips
against the newcomer's face lewdly, finally cumming with an unladylike roar. Angela
felt the cream gush from the woman and coat her nose and lips. The smell was
unmistakable and she found the taste pleasant as well.

     Rosie had hardly finished humping her way through her cum when she was
roughly pushed aside by Jimmy. His cock was stiff and his balls were heavy with jism.
With no preliminaries he sank his rigid shaft into Angela's soft warm mouth. She
gagged when he bumped against the back of her throat then got control as the
spongy head continued down her gulping tube. Her jaws were stretched uncomfortably
and her mouth was so full that she couldn't use her tongue on his thick shaft. The boy
didn't seem to mind though as he started fucking in and out of her mouth immediately.

     It felt so good to Jimmy that he knew he wouldn't last long. Grabbing the pretty
blond by her ears, he used them as reins to make her head bob up and down on the
glistening prick. He felt his balls begin to jerk, signaling his impending orgasm. "I'm
going to cum" he shouted, quickening his pace and slamming into her mouth harder
with each thrust. "Take it all, slut. Eat my cock . . .  drink my cum."

     Angela was new to cocksucking. She had done it only a couple of times and
had not minded it at all, but she had never swallowed the cream that spurted from the
hot, hard piece of meat. She had no choice this time and felt a little apprehension at
it. Rosie's juice had been sweet and slightly pungent. The girl wondered how Jimmy's
would compare.

     She didn't have long to think about it. Jimmy suddenly spasmed, almost losing
his footing. Angela felt a tremor run along the length of his shaft just before it started
pulsing. Suddenly Jimmy yelled and Angela felt the hot liquid splash against her
tonsils. Swallowing furiously, she was unable to keep up with the volumes that spurted
from his jerking cock. It ran thickly down the sides of her mouth and dripped onto her
heaving tits, forming milky-white strings that hung from her turgid nipples.

     Connie and Kim each took their turn, delighted to make their new club member
use her fingers and mouth on their assholes and pussies until they collapsed, hips
thrusting, as they each jerked their way spasmodically through a series of cums. Bill
was the only one left and he was ready to take his turn with the lowly initiate. He
made Angela kneel with her head thrown back and her mouth open. The girl
resembled a baby bird waiting to be fed.

     Bill moved directly over the submissive slave and let his balls dangle in her
uplifted face. She complied immediately when he commanded her to take his swollen
spheres into her moist mouth and gently roll them around with her tongue. In just
minutes he felt his spunk begin to move in his heavily laden testicles. He was not
ready to cum yet but this nymph and the sexually charged atmosphere had him
fighting to maintain control.

     Like a movie director he instructed his new starlet in the art of cocksucking.
Angela was a good student and learned her lessons well. She began to instinctively
know what would please her Master and how to use her lips and tongue to stimulate
his erect cock for maximum effect. She started at the base of his quivering rod and
gently nibbled her way up the thick vein that ran the length of his shaft. When she
reached the heart-shaped glans she swirled her tongue all around it and tried to push
the pointed tip into the slit. This brought a moan of contentment and satisfaction from
the older man and reinforced the fact that Angela was becoming an accomplished oral
slave. 

     For her part, Angela found that she enjoyed sucking cock and, indeed, had to
exercise some self control to keep herself from cumming. She loved the strength and
power that seemed to flow from Bill's cock into her mouth and throughout her body.

     Bill motioned to Rosie, who scrambled to his side. "Jack off my cock and make
it shoot all over this slut's face" he commanded. Angela moaned with disappointment
when the woman pulled Bill's cock from her mouth, not liking the feeling of emptiness
it left.

     Rosie was a master at masturbating a cock and went to her task with
enthusiasm. Her left hand gently squeezed his swollen balls while her right hand
moved up and down the thick shaft that had been made slick with Bill's pre-cum and
Angela's saliva. In seconds she felt his cock get even thicker and harder and his balls
begin to draw up into his wrinkled scrotum . Knowing that it signaled his orgasm,
Rosie slipped a finger into his asshole, massaging his prostate gland. The effect was
instantaneous. Bill's hips slammed forward and thick ropes of white cream flew from
his pulsating cock splashing on the teenager's angelic face.

     By the time he finished, Angela was covered with his cum. Her eyes were
matted shut and it dripped from the tip of her nose and hung in strings from her lips.
Not knowing if it was allowed, she tentatively licked her lips, savoring the distinctive
flavor of her Master's spunk. That brought a sharp slap from Bill. 
     
     "That's not for you," he barked. Turning to the other women he said, "get over
here and clean her off. Use your tongues to give her a bath. Make sure you get every
drop of my cum off her face."

     Connie and Kim joined Rosie. Each one staked out her own territory on
Angela's cum drenched face and cleaned it much like a cat might do if it was
grooming itself. By the time they finished, Angela was sparkling clean and very horny.
She had never had three women give her a tongue bath before and found the whole
thing very stimulating, especially when the three women decided to get all the jism
that had dripped on her tits and chest. Angela knew it wouldn't take much more to
send her crashing into a big orgasm of her own. She could feel it building inside her,
hovering near the surface, ready to burst forth at the least provocation. 

     It was quickly decided that Angela would hang by her wrists for the final phase
of her whipping. She was placed in the frame they used for suspension. Her arms
were fastened over her head while her legs were spread wide, ankles locked in
manacles and fixed to the sides of the wooden device. The effect was stunning and
the group just stood around her and marveled at how sexy the young girl looked.

     Connie took her place behind the dangling girl and prepared to use the rubber
cat on her taut back. The nine rubber fingers would cover a large area with thin lines
of fire as she snapped the fearsome instrument against Angela's smooth, unblemished
skin. Connie showed no mercy to the neophyte and had the poor abused nymph
shrieking and thrashing by the second blow. By the time Connie finished lashing
Angela, the girl was hanging limply and moaning softly to herself. She had never felt
such agony before in her young life. She knew she was cut and bleeding and felt as if
her back muscles had been ripped from her skeleton.

     In fact, this was not true. The rubber cat gave a great deal of pain but did very
little actual damage to its victim. If Angela could have seen her back, she would have
noticed several thin red lines and just a few places where the red was tinged with
purple where Connie had gotten particularly viscous. There was no blood or torn skin.

     Hanging there, dejected and miserable, Angela realized that this was exactly
what she had wanted. Contemplating her sore back, she found she could focus on
each individual stripe left by the cruel whip. The pain had subsided and left a burning
sensation in its place. As Angela traced each mark in her mind she discovered that
her breasts were hardening and her nipples were becoming stiff. They were throbbing
in unison with her aching back. It was also evident that her pussy had reacted to the
pain without her even knowing it. Now that the whipping was over, the girl became
vividly aware of her vibrating clit and felt the hot, thick liquid gathering in her moist
tunnel. 

     She was steaming! Connie's whipping had brought her so close to cumming
that just a flick of one of her stiff nipples or a touch to her clit would send her
screaming over the edge. To Angela, this was the worst torture of all. Hovering just at
the brink of cumming but not be allowed the blessed release that she so desperately
wanted and needed was far more agonizing than the whipping had been .

     "Please, Sir. You promised that I could cum during the last of my whipping."
Her voice was quivering, and was small and soft, almost pleading, as she begged Bill
to let her cum.

     "I remember and I will keep my word" he answered. He handed Kim a leather
covered ping-pong paddle, and motioned for her to step behind Angela. "Jimmy, let's
use your cock to help our new young slave climax. Get between her legs and put just
the head of your cock in her pussy. I think it's wet enough that you won't have any
trouble."

     Jimmy did as he was instructed, using a great deal of will power to keep from
plunging his entire cock into her hot canal. Kim knew what she was to do.
On command from Bill she would paddle her friend's ass furiously, driving her onto
Jimmy's waiting rod. The paddle and the stiff prick would cause Angela to explode.
The girl would not be able to separate the two things in her mind and would associate
the paddling with the orgasm, making it even easier to make her cum by using just the
whip or paddle in the future.

     Angela heard the crack as the paddle landed against her left ass cheek. She
was immediately deluged with a myriad of sensations. A sharp pain from the paddle
raced through her body. The suspended girl felt a warm glow covering her entire left
buttock that  extended into her crotch. There was an unmistakable tug on her wrists
as the force of the blow propelled her forward, and, of course, there was the delicious
feeling of Jimmy's hard cock splitting her pussy lips and sliding halfway up her love
canal. As she began to swing back, she felt the muscles in her cunt grasp at the cock
buried in her trying to hold it in place. It was no use. By the time she had swung back
,she was again left with only the head of Jimmy's cock in place.

     Before Angela's body had come to a complete stop, Kim swung the paddle
again, this time with even more force. The result was to send the swinging girl even
farther, impaling herself on Jimmy's cock almost to the hilt. By the fourth blow, Angela
was no longer aware of any pain caused by the paddle. She was only cognizant of the
fact that her body was slamming into Jimmy's, forcing his cock as far into her pussy
as possible, and grinding her clit between their pelvic bones. It was ecstasy and
Angela hoped it would never end. Each blow seemed to send her higher on the
plane toward orgasmic bliss, and any pain she was suffering was not only
tolerated but welcomed.

     The fifth and final blow brought Angela right to the brink of exploding but did not
send her over the edge. In a panic she begged for Kim to continue.

     "Please, don't stop!!" she shrieked. "I'm almost there. I need to cum.
Please Sir, let her keep on spanking my ass with that paddle. Just a few more times and
I'll cum. I'll do anything you ask. Please let Kim paddle my ass some more."

     "I promised that you would be allowed to cum during the last of your
whipping, but I didn't say anything about allowing you to have more punishment to get
there. If I let Kim paddle you until you cum you will have to pay for it by providing
the rest of us with some entertainment later. We will decide what you must do to satisfy
the requirement. Do you agree?" Bill really had no idea what he might ask
Angela to do, but knew this was a perfect opportunity to strengthen his hold on the young girl.

     "Yes. YES! Anything you say. Just, please let me finish."
     Bill nodded to Kim who reacted by putting her full strength behind the next
several blows. Angela started cumming with the second one and continued through at
least five more. She thought she would never stop while Kim kept pounding her ass
with the paddle and Jimmy's cock kept plowing her love tube. Exhausted, Kim finally
quit and allowed Angela to gradually come down from the bone crushing spasms that
raced through her. The girl was hanging limply, jerking occasionally, as smaller
orgasms continued to build and explode periodically.




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club 2
                                 CHAPTER 6

     The initiation continued for several hours with the entire group joining in and all
of them cumming more times than they could count. As the afternoon turned to early
evening Kim and Angela took a short break to call Angela's parents and get 
permission for her to stay over with Kim that night. This allowed the group to continue
their activities far into the night, much to Angela's delight. Before the sex party ended
Angela had sucked off both Jimmy and Bill and had even learned to swallow their cum
as a good slave should. She discovered it was one of her favorite forms of sex and
found she could cum herself while doing it.

     Another thing she found out about herself was that she liked having sex with
women as much as men. Some of her best orgasms came when she played games
with Connie, Kim, or Rosie. Usually this was a result of being "forced" by the guys.
Angela wondered how it would be to serve a Mistress instead of a Master and
remembered how much she had enjoyed her session with Kim in the gym. She
hoped that she would get the chance to explore this avenue sometime in the future.

     Over the course of the evening Angela was thoroughly fucked several times.
Jimmy and Bill used her mouth, tits, ass, and cunt. The other women even got into the
act by using dildos and vibrators on her. She was not whipped any more because her
body was still showing the effects of the initial punishment, but she was bound in a
variety of positions and had clamps attached to her private parts for much of the
evening. When she was not the participating she watched the guys work on the other
girls, and Angela found this voyeurism exciting as well. 

     Angela remained fascinated by Rosie's magnificent tits and was amazed at how
intensely the guys tortured them while Rosie just urged them on. Kim impressed her
with her knowledge about sex and sexual acts and her willingness to do anything and
everything the others suggested. Her friend was mature, at least sexually, far beyond
her years. But Connie was the one who held the most fascination for the new
member. Connie was a true masochist who reveled in the pain and humiliation
and seemed to have no boundaries. Everything the men did to her made her cry,
scream, or moan, but still she begged  them to do more or do it harder. Jimmy's mom
never seemed to get enough, whether it was fucking or punishment. Angela wondered
if the woman could go on for ever.

     Angela didn't get a chance to experience being double-fucked by Jimmy and
Bill. Bill felt that she was too new to everything and should leave this for another time.
It was something that the young girl got to watch with the other ladies and found it
terribly exciting. She was disappointed that she was not going to get to try it, but was
mollified knowing that she had it to look forward to another time.

     They got together often over the next couple of months. Angela fit in well and
soon learned the proper behavior for a sex slave. It was not a difficult task for her as
she was a natural at it. She was still not rivaling Connie in her zest for pure pain, but
she was well on the way to catching up with Kim in her knowledge about sex and
sexual games, especially those that dealt with discipline and bondage. As predicted,
her appetite increased as she experienced more things and her willingness to
experiment was unlimited.

     Bill brought in a guy from his office to participate. The women were glad
because the two men were finding it difficult to keep up with the four of them. Charles
was young and unmarried. He was not experienced in bondage and discipline but
quickly entered the spirit of things and was a welcome addition to their group.

     It was Connie who was responsible for bringing the club an entirely different
element. Jean and Mike were neighbors from around the corner. They were young, in
their early thirties, and had no children. Connie and Jean were not close friends but
had visited several times at neighborhood gatherings and had gotten along well
enough. At a holiday party they found themselves seated next to each other and
struck up a lively conversation that eventually turned to sex. Jean surprised Connie
with her openness, although the amount they had drunk may have had something to
do with it.

     During their talk Jean mentioned that she enjoyed being in charge and that her
husband liked it that way as well. Connie laughingly asked her if she tied him up and
spanked his ass. Jean hesitated just a moment, then fixed Connie with a deep stare
and answered that she did that and more. In fact, she continued, Mike was her slave
and did anything and everything she commanded, often for a whole weekend at a
time. Connie giggled and said she would like to see that, jokingly suggesting the four
of them get together sometime. 

     "It might be fun and I'll bet we'd fit together perfectly," Connie said. "Bill is my
Lord and Master and he enjoys making me be his sex slave. It might be fun
to have a man as a partner in submission. You and Bill could probably think up some
diabolical situations for Mike and me." Although she had said it as a joke, Connie could see that
Jean was thinking about the possibilities and wondering if her neighbor was being
serious. Connie wanted to lighten the tone of things but still let her know that what she
had said might really be possible, so she said "Why don't you come over tomorrow
morning for coffee. We can talk about it when the situation is a little less public." She
was delighted when Jean said that she would love to come and was interested
in pursuing the line of conversation if Connie was really being serious.
Assuring her that she was, Connie made the date for ten the next morning.

     That evening she told Bill about her interesting talk with Jean and
wondered what he thought about it. Bill was enthusiastic. He said, "It's worth
exploring. They might be an interesting addition to the club. Try to push her and see what
they do when they play, and if she has any experience dominating women as well as
men. If you feel comfortable, then set up a meeting with them. We can see how they
play and get a feel for whether they are right to join the club."

     Connie decided to meet Jean casually. If she was going to try to turn
the conversation to sex, she wanted to look the part without being too obvious.  She chose
a long lounging gown, cut low in the front, and made of a smooth silky material. She
went without a bra and, as an afterthought, removed her bikini panties. Studying
herself in the mirror, she could barely make out the dark triangle of her vee if she
stood in the light just the right way. She put on light makeup and let her hair fall
loosely around her shoulders.

     Jean was dressed a bit more demurely, because she had walked over from her
house, but clearly had also given some thought to the look she wanted to portray. Her
light, almost strawberry red hair was loose and flowing, framing her delicate facial
features, and set off the freckles that were so characteristic of redheads.
The sweatshirt she chose was oversized but did nothing to hide her generous breasts. Her
black pants were extremely tight, almost looking as though they had been painted on.
They were so tight that Connie could clearly see her pubic mound in front and the
crease of her ass in back. The material hugged each cheek and held them high and
separated.

     Jean took charge immediately, though she was the guest. Connie couldn't help
noticing that everything the woman said sounded like a command and she found
herself drifting off as she fantasized being a slave to this beautiful, demanding woman.

     Forcing herself to pay attention, Connie realized that  Jean was talking. "Our
conversation at the party last night intrigued me, and would like to ask you some
questions if you don't mind."

     "I don't mind," Connie answered. "But you will have to answer some for me
after you finish."

     "Fair enough," Jean said. "First, I want to know if you were really serious or if it
was just the alcohol talking. Do you and Bill really get into bondage and discipline games?"

     "We do," Connie acknowledged and added, "and we both find them very
stimulating and terribly exciting. I pushed Bill into it a couple of years ago and we
have been going at it hot and heavy ever since." Lowering her eyes and her voice she
added, "and we have found it even more exciting when we play games with others."

     Jean's raised eyebrows told Connie that she had gotten her neighbor's interest.
She decided to wait for Jean's response before committing herself any further. 

     "Tell me a little about what you do when you play B and D games" Jean said. "I
want details, enough so that I can decide if we might want to get with you or not. Mike
and I can get pretty rough at times and I wouldn't want you to get in over your head."

     Connie laughed out loud. "I doubt you two could get too rough for Bill and me,"
she said, still giggling. "Instead of telling you some things we do I'll just take you
downstairs to our playroom and let you see for yourself."

     Connie led the way and was rewarded with an appreciative murmur as Jean
surveyed all the bondage equipment in the basement. "As you can see, Bill and I are
very involved and take great pains to enhance our enjoyment. In answer to your
statement about you and your husband playing too rough for us, let me assure you
that Bill has never yet gotten me to use our safe word. He has suspended me for
hours at a time and whipped me to the point of bleeding several times. When we start,
I become his possession, a total slave and willing to do anything he commands. There
is literally nothing that we won't try at least once. Now tell me a bit about you and
Mike. Are you more into the domination and humiliation or do you tend toward
bondage and S and M?"

     "Before I answer that, let me ask you one more thing. How does Bill feel about
being a Master over another man? Has he ever done it" Jean asked? 

     Connie thought a few minutes before answering. "I don't really know how he
feels about that. I do know that he is totally heterosexual and would not consider
doing anything that bordered on any gay activity. He might enjoy dominating a man
and forcing him to perform sexual acts on himself and others, although he has never
done it. One of his pleasures is watching me have sex with other people, men and
women. Unlike Bill, I have no such qualms. I enjoy both men and women," she
added with a sly grin.

     "Then I will answer your question truthfully," Jean said. "Mike is not gay either
but he does like being dominated by a man. Personally, I think he just enjoys the
freedom of being totally under someone else's control, man or woman. He doesn't
have to worry about pleasing anyone or take the responsibility of making sure the sex
is successful. With me, he lets me tell him what to do to please me and then resists
just enough to turn us both on. I enjoy the power I have over him, and I like making
him do things he wouldn't ordinarily do. I also enjoy making him scream and beg."
Jean said this last with a slight raise of her eyebrows, almost as if issuing a challenge
to her neighbor.

     The comment didn't escape Connie's notice. "I'd be willing to bet you couldn't
make me scream or beg for mercy," she responded pertly.

     "Really," Jean said, her voice raising in a lilt. "And just what would the nature of
this bet be?"

     Connie paused for a few moments, lost in thought. "I think we should make it
worthwhile for the winner, but fair to both of us. How about setting a time limit, let's
say,  an hour. Bill will give me to you for an hour and you can do what you like to me
during that time. You may use of our playroom and all its equipment or bring  your
own. If you make me use the safe word, you will be the winner. At the end of the
hour, if I haven't used it, I will win."

     "Agreed." Jean said. "What are the stakes?"
     "If you win, I'll give myself to you for an entire weekend. I will be your slave
from 6:00 Friday evening to 6:00 Sunday night. If I win, you agree to turn yourself over
to my husband for the rest of the evening. He may decide to show you the submissive
side of things or he may just have you use your talents on Mike and me. Probably, it
will be a combination of both, but he will respect any limits you may have."

     Connie could tell that Jean was considering the proposition carefully.  Finally
she answered, choosing her words carefully. "I have never been on the receiving end
of things before and I admit there are some things I would like to experience first
hand. If Bill will agree to observe the safe word and will promise not to put me in a
position where Mike will dominate or punish me, I'll agree to your terms. I might like
being under someone's control, but I don't want it to affect my relationship with Mike."

     "Great! Then it's a bargain. When should we get together for this contest?"
Connie said, a little breathlessly. "Bill and I are available this weekend, if you and
Mike can come over. I'm excited about this and want to do it as soon as possible."

     "I'll have to check with Mike and make sure he hasn't made any plans, but I
think this weekend should be fine. Shall we plan on Friday? I'll call you later this
evening to finalize the arrangements." Jean had a lecherous grin on her face when
she added, "And be sure to clear your calendar for the following weekend. I think I
may need a French maid for a small gathering that I am planning. It will be the perfect
time for you to pay off your debt."

     "I'll be happy to serve my Mistress if I lose" Connie replied with an exaggerated
curtsy. "But I think you have better get some pillows to sit on because Bill is going to
simply adore turning your gorgeous lily white ass bright red. He likes to spank you
while you're sucking him off. The longer it takes you to make him cum, the more
punishment you suffer, and he can last a long time when he sets his mind to it."

     Rosie was on call and had to work Friday night but agreed to let Jimmy, Kim
and Angela use their house to play, especially if Jimmy promised to save something
for her when she got home a little after midnight! Charles had another appointment
that night and couldn't join them. Everyone was excited about adding another couple
to their membership, however, and made Bill and Connie promise to tell them
everything about the evening. Bill said he would see if Jean and Mike would
let him film the evening. If so, they could all watch the tape the next night, as a
prelude to an impromptu meeting of the club. 

     Friday night arrived and Connie was both nervous and excited. She was as
ready as she would ever be and hoped she would at least give a good accounting of
herself, win or lose. Secretly, she almost wanted to lose because shewanted to see
what it was like to finally reach the upper limit of her pain threshold.  She also thought
it would be fun to serve as a slave to Jean and a whole new group of people. Being a
toy,  a sexual plaything, for people she didn't even know, excited  her.

     At the appointed hour Bill answered the doorbell. He was a little taken aback
when the door swung open to reveal Jean, her thick red hair, wild and flowing over
her shoulders, dressed completely in tight, shiny black leather. Every curve of her
luscious body was not only exhibited but accentuated. Her husband, Mike, was on all
fours, wearing only skimpy leather briefs and a black leather collar. Jean held a leash
attached to his collar in one hand. Her other hand wielded a vicious looking riding crop
that she promptly used on Mike's bare back, urging him to crawl into the house, which
he did, howling like a dog and scampering as fast as he could.

     Handing Mike's leash to Bill, Jean breezed in the door saying,  "Take care of
this cur, will you? You can tie him in the kitchen if you don't want to bother with him,
although  he is well trained and won't climb on the furniture if you decide to let him
stay with us."

     Bill felt awkward. He didn't know what Jean or Mike expected of him, but finally
decided that the woman had given him a clue. She was treating her husband like a
dog and Bill followed her lead.

     "Come this way, boy," he said, giving the leash a sharp tug. Turning to Jean,
Bill said, "Connie thought you would be pleased if she was ready for you when you
arrived, so I have taken the liberty of preparing her for your contest." 

     Bill led the way to the basement while Jean followed, flicking her crop against
her husband's ass when he lagged behind. Mike had to go down the stairs slowly to
keep from falling so he received several harsh cuts of the crop before finally reaching
the dungeon. Mike had not seen the room before and he was impressed. It was
obvious that Bill and Connie meant business.

     Jean searched the room for her opponent of the evening. She found Connie,
completely naked, stretched out on a large doctor's examination table.   Connie's arms
were extended back over her head and secured to wrist cuffs at the end of the table.
Her legs were spread wide with her feet strapped into the stirrups. The poor woman
looked like she was preparing for a pelvic exam. Connie felt totally exposed and
completely vulnerable. Her tits had flattened out slightly and rolled off to each side.
Jean observed that Connie's nipples were already stiff and pointed and noticed the
moisture that had already gathered at the opening to her soft pussy.

     Jean quickly crossed the room to stand beside Connie. She ran her hands up
and down her neighbor's quivering body, stopping only to pinch a nipple or test the
resiliency of Connie's elastic cunt lips. Turning to Bill she said, "I have a free rein for
an hour tonight, right?"

     Bill nodded and said, "As long as you use common sense.  If she says
'Quit, I give up' you must stop immediately."

     "I have a few preliminary things to do before we get started. Why don't you see
if you can make that sniveling husband of mine learn some new tricks while I work. He
tends to play with himself once his cock gets hard. I've never been able to break him
of that habit. Maybe you have some ideas." While she was talking, Jean was digging
into the bag she had brought. "Do you have some hot water down here?" she asked.
She went to the bathroom that Bill had indicated and soaked a couple of washcloths in
hot water. Filling a bowl and picking up the hot wash cloths, Jean returned to Connie
who was showing a look of apprehension.

     "Don't worry, my sweet" Jean chortled as Connie surged at her bonds and
flared her nostrils. Her eyes were glued to the gleaming straight razor in Jeans's hand.
"I'm not going to cut you, I'm just going to shave all that hair off your pretty pink
pussy. When I start whipping you, I don't want anything cushioning the blows. You are
going to feel every stroke right to the core of your being. Besides, a freshly shaved
pussy is so much more sensitive. I think you'll agree that you have never been quite
so aware of your cunt. It will throb and tingle even before I start whipping it, and be
assured, I am going to whip it . . .  hard!" Connie tensed as Jean placed the hot wash
cloth right on her pussy.

     Bill busied himself with Mike. He removed the leash and fastened the man's
collar to a short chain attached to a ring embedded in the floor. He purposely left
Mike's hands free to tempt him into masturbating. Bill put a heavy belt around Mike's
waist and snapped a chain to the back of the belt. With a few yanks on the pulley,
Mike was lifted so high that his feet just barely touched the floor while his head was
held just inches from the ring. As a final touch, Bill manacled his prisoner's ankles and
made them fast to the same ring. Stepping back, Bill admired his handiwork.  Mike was
effectively suspended from his waist and totally unable to move anything except his
hands and arms. Popping the snaps on either side of Mike's leather briefs, Bill
whisked them off in one quick motion leaving the man naked and embarrassed, his
thickening cock slapping gently against his stomach.

     Jean worked quickly on Connie's nether curls.  First, she used a pair of scissors 
to cut away as many of the long blond locks as possible. After thoroughly lathering the
woman's pussy, she started shaving. Bill watched with admiration. It was obvious this
was not the woman's first experience with a straight razor as she expertly denuded his
wife's triangle with just a few swift strokes. Slowing down, Jean scraped gently in the
area between Connie's lower cunt lips and her ass hole, making sure that every
vestige of pubic hair was removed.

     Connie was deathly afraid of the razor scraping the sensitive skin so close to
her private parts, but it produced such overwhelming sensations she could not help
herself. Jean's fingers pulled the skin taunt, making sure the razor shaved close and
left no stubble. All this handling of her pouting cunt lips made Connie hot. She could
tell that much of the slickness down there was from her own juices as much as the
lather that was gradually disappearing along with her golden pubic mane. Connie's
mind was in turmoil. She'd had few experiences that were as sensuous as this. Try as
she might, the woman was unable to keep her ass from shifting back and forth on the
table. Occasionally she lost control as a small orgasm crept over her, causing her hips
to snap up and down rapidly. Jean enjoyed hearing the slapping sound and watching
Connie's ass cheeks flatten out as they slammed against the table.




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club 2
                                 CHAPTER 7

     Bill and Mike had their eyes glued to the scene between the two women. Mike
had to strain his neck to see from his vantage point, but Bill had a perfect line of sight.
Every time his wife had one of her orgasms, Bill, almost absentmindedly, pounded
Mike's ass with the flexible metal-studded leather paddle, continuing until Connie
stopped her thrashing. This resulted in a Pavlov type reaction from Mike. When he
heard Connie start to squeal, signaling an approaching orgasm, he yelled along with
her, knowing that Bill was going to crack the paddle against his sore red ass.

     "That's the way it's going to be all night," Bill hissed under his breath. "Every
time my wife cums, you're going to suffer. I should warn you that she cums a lot when
she is tortured. If your wife is as good as she seems, you are going to be in for a very
rough evening."

     Bill's words seemed to go right to Mike's cock. It stiffened perceptively and 
started pulsating. Without realizing it, his hand strayed to the rock-hard appendage
and stroked it. Bill reacted quickly, paddling the bound man below his ass, catching
the back of his thighs and his balls. Agonizing pain rushed through Mike's body, finally
settling in the pit of his stomach as a dull, throbbing ache. Before he had time to
collect himself, Mike felt Bill fumbling at his crotch. Horrified, he saw the man snap a
hose clamp just above his aching testicles. The clamp held a metal ring that Bill used
to attach a short chain. A heavy, bell-shaped fishing weight dangled from the end of
the chain and Mike was instantly aware of the pressure on his balls. He couldn't stifle
a groan when Bill raised the weight and let it drop. The sharp tug renewed the
sickening feeling in his stomach and seemed to build as the weight swung back and
forth like a pendulum. The threat was unspoken, but obvious, as Bill placed several
more weights of increasing sizes, on the floor where Mike could plainly see them. 

     Jean finished by slathering a thick lotion all over Connie's freshly shorn snatch.
Connie found the tingling sensation pleasant and very erotic but was not prepared for
the warmth that began to radiate from the area. Her wrinkled brow showed her
puzzlement, and the twitching muscles in her thighs made Jean laugh evilly   "It's a
special lotion that makes its own heat. It will continue to build in intensity until it gets
quite uncomfortable. It has another interesting quality that makes it even more fun in
situations like this."

     To demonstrate, Jean leaned down close to Connie's quivering pussy and blew
a steady stream of air against her bald cunt lips. Connie's muscles locked tight and a
moan caught in her throat as she felt the scorching effect of the airstream. It felt like
Jean was running a blowtorch over her pussy!

     "I use this stuff on Mike's cock and balls a lot. After about half an hour he starts
begging me to wash it off. If I leave it on another fifteen minutes he will shoot his load,
even without being touched. He says the heat becomes so intense that his cock just
explodes from the pain." 

     Connie's eyes widened and she noisily sucked air into her lungs as she 
watched the woman squeeze a dollop of the tormenting liquid directly on to her clit!
She felt the effect almost immediately. The tiny nubbin grew to twice its normal size,
protruding from its protective hood to stand proud and erect. What had started as an
almost imperceptible pulsation had grown to an overpowering throbbing sensation as
the terrified girl saw her symbol of femininity turn pink, then dark red as the lotion took
effect. The pain grew in proportion to the size and color of the pencil eraser sized
mass of exposed nerve endings. 

     In seconds, Connie was grunting audibly and twisting on the table trying to
throw off the effects of this painful stimulation. It was truly awesome. Connie couldn't
imagine it being any more agonizing to have a lighted cigarette touched to her clit.
Hot, salty tears blurred her vision and the muscles in her stomach began to cramp
from the strain as she fought for control. Just when she thought she couldn't stand any
more, she felt the familiar hardening in her nipples and the clenching of the muscles
that controlled her cuntal walls. Her toes curled as one of the most intense orgasms
she had ever experienced washed over her. Cream literally gushed from her gaping
pussy, running down the crack of her ass to pool on the table underneath. An eerie
wailing sound tore from her throat, not one of pain but rather of pure orgasmic bliss.

     Bill had switched to a riding crop to whip Mike. It caused more immediate pain
but did less damage. Mike's ass was already an angry red color and was showing
spots of purple where the metal studs had broken the skin. Jean usually chose a crop
when she was whipping him and Mike had come to love the feeling as the leather tip
snapped into his flesh. Bill wasn't using more force than his wife but the snap of his
wrist made the bite of the instrument seem harsher. The fishing weight attached to his
balls swung wildly, set in motion by his own inability to take his punishment without
dancing around. Each time the weight reached the end of its arc it jerked against his
balls, sending an electric shock through his system. Each crack of the crop and every
tug on the chain brought Mike closer to cumming. He knew that he would spill his jism
all over the floor pretty soon if Connie kept cumming as furiously as she was. He
shuddered to think what Bill might do to him if he shot his wad without permission.
Just thinking about it brought him nearer the edge.

     Exhausted, Connie was laying on the table limp and weak. Her body shuddered
now and then as the after shocks from her tremendous orgasm coursed through her
body. Just as her breathing returned to normal, Jean spread the woman's wet, sticky,
pussy lips apart and focused another stream of air right on the tip of her quivering clit.
The pain made the spent woman see stars. She felt the blood pounding in her veins
as she exploded into another orgasm as intense as the first. The sound of her ass
slapping against the table echoed through the room overshadowing even the crack of
the crop as it buried itself in Mike's ass and thighs. Their shrieks mingled into an eerie
duet of pain and pleasure. Unable to hold back, Mike's cock and balls released thick
ropes of milky liquid. Like his partner in despair, he seemed unable to stop cumming,
as each cut of the crop brought another spurt from the purple heart-shaped
head of his cock.

     Bill and Jean conferred while their charges were regaining their strength.  They
agreed that Bill would punish Mike for cumming without permission. Jean argued that
her time with Connie had not yet begun, but finally accepted a forfeiture of fifteen
minutes, since the woman had obviously undergone no small amount of pain.
Normally Bill would not have pressed the issue and he knew it didn't matter to his
wife. She was in exactly the position she most loved, being dominated and tortured. If
he knew her, she was absolutely unaware of the time and wouldn't have cared
anyway. His interest was purely selfish. He wanted Connie to win the bet because he
wanted to be the first to put Jean through her paces as a submissive. She was a
beautiful woman and her command and presence made her even more desirable.
He was anxious to try his skills on a woman who would offer him more
resistance than he found with his other slaves.

     Mike's ass was showing the effects of his punishment and Bill decided that part 
of his body needed to rest for a while. Bill released him and changed his position.
Suspended from his wrists with his legs held apart by a spreader bar, Mike swung
gently back and forth. The ring around his balls as left in place and Bill had
exchanged the weight for the next larger size. Although he had just cum, Mike's cock
was already beginning to stiffen in anticipation of his impending punishment. 

     He was not going to be disappointed. Bill clipped clothespins to the hanging
man's nipples and another to the tip of his cock. His stretched position made the bite
of the clothes pins more severe. The fact that he had cum so recently had left the
head of his cock much more sensitive than normal and the clothespin clamped 
on to it was agonizing. 

     When everything was in place, Bill added to Mike's discomfort by lifting the
weight as high as possible then letting it go. Sweat beaded up all over Mike's body
and the air rushed from his lungs with a whooshing sound. The sharp stabbing pain in
his balls made him forget the continual pain in his crushed nipples for a moment.

     While all this was going on, Connie had not been left alone. Jean had taken
just a few minutes trying to decide how she was going to make the woman suffer
enough to use the safe words. She knew it was going to have to be dramatic.  It was
obvious that Connie was a true pain lover and not just someone who had discovered
a new amusement to add some spice to a dull sex life.

     The effect of the lotion had worn off enough to let Connie relax, recover, and
consider the situation. Jean had unwittingly played right into their hands   Bill and
Connie both knew that once she had been tortured into cumming there was almost
nothing that could be done to her that would cause her to use the safe words. Connie
felt pain only until it pushed her into the first orgasm. After that, her mind automatically
converted all pain into highly erotic sensations of pure pleasure. More pain simply
brought more enjoyment.

     Jean discovered this, much to her dismay, when she began lashing her bound
victim with a thick leather strap. The first blow landed across Connie's stomach,
raising a red welt and forcing the breath out of her with a hiss. The band of fire burned
and caused her to twist and bounce on the table. 

     Jean whipped her neighbor like a woman possessed for several minutes,
covering Connie with angry, red, lash, marks, from the tops of her breasts to her
knees. The sound of the strap slapping against bare skin overshadowed even the
moans and screams of the tortured woman. Bill smiled to himself as he noticed the
tone and timbre of his wife's screams change. He knew, from experience, that Jean
was not accomplishing her goal, but was pushing Connie to higher levels of ecstasy
instead.

     Sure enough. Connie's body burned on the outside from the lashes and she
steamed on the inside as she reacted to the pain. It hurt, terribly, but she welcomed
the pain because each lash caused the molten lava inside her to move just a little
closer to the surface. Soon she would erupt. Her orgasm would boil up and out of her
with the force of a volcano. For Connie, this release was worth any amount of pain
she had to endure.

     Sensing that she was losing the bet, Jean decided to change tactics. She
stopped beating Connie, eliciting a groan of disappointment and frustration. She
moved the woman from the table and repositioned her over a low spanking horse.
Connie's ass was still white and unblemished. Jean chose a wicked looking bamboo
cane to rectify the situation.

     The first cut of the cane landed right on the meatiest portion of Connie's twin
half-moons. The thin red line immediately welted as the pain exploded in her ass,
causing her to surge wildly against the leather horse, and yell until her voice became
hoarse and raspy. Twenty-five cuts later Connie was limp, hanging on the horse and
sobbing quietly. She no longer felt the cane as it burrowed into her bruised and
bleeding backside. Jean had beaten her ass until it was numb. Connie had lost track
of the number of times she had cum. For a while, each blow had sent her reeling into
another orgasm, each eclipsing the one that had come before. At some point her body
just shut down, refusing to accept either pain or pleasure anymore. The woman was
barely conscious, and it was obvious that Jean was going to lose the bet. Secretly,
this was just what Jean had wanted to happen.

     Jean had long had fantasies of being submissive to a man. Her relationship
with her husband made this an impossible situation so she had pushed her own
desires aside and concentrated on fulfilling his. Over the years it had grown on her to
the point that she no longer minded being the Mistress and even enjoyed her role.
The bet with Connie had rekindled her sublimated desires and Jean was eager  to see
how it would feel. Looking at Mike, she knew becoming submissive to Bill would not
affect their own games. She could tell that her husband was thoroughly enjoying what
Bill was doing to him and was totally involved in the submissive scene. It would not
seem strange to him at all that his wife was also being dominated by this powerful
Master, especially if Bill would reinforce her position over her husband by exercising
his mastery by "commanding" her to abuse her husband. 

     This could ultimately be the best of both worlds for her. She could be dominant
over Connie and Mike but submissive to Bill. Bill and Connie had, of course, thought
about this aspect long ago and envisioned the scenario expanding to include Jimmy
as dominant over Jean, but Jean remaining dominant over the other women in the
club as well as her husband.

     Bill had removed all the clips from Mike's nipples and cock and had lowered
him from the suspension bar. Commanding the man to get on all fours, Bill snapped
the leash in place again and led Mike over to Connie. 

     "Use your tongue on her ass" he commanded. "Lick all of her wounds and
clean her up. Keep at it until I tell you to stop."

     Mike was thrilled at the command and went at his task eagerly. He traced each
of Connie's welts with the tip of his tongue, pausing to lap at the places where Jean
had broken the skin with the cane. Occasionally, as he neared the crack of her ass
cheeks, his tongue stiffened and dipped deep into her crack, tasting the acrid flavor of
Connie's asshole and pushing into the sphincter, penetrating the woman's ass. Gently,
he tongue-fucked Connie's ass. By lowering his head, he could run his tongue over
her slick pussy lips and savor the pungent taste of the juice that had soaked her pubic
region during her punishment. When she was clean, he repeated his tongue-fucking,
this time assaulting her pussy.

     Connie felt the soothing ministrations of Mike's tongue cooling the fires in her
ass. She moaned passionately and pushed back against his face when he started 
fucking her asshole with his tongue. She had always liked ass fucking and tongue
fucking after a severe beating was heaven to the woman. Her moans rose in pitch and
volume as his tongue continued down to her swollen pussy. When his tongue split her
slick pussy lips and invaded the spongy tunnel of her cunt, Connie could not contain
herself. She shuddered and flooded his tongue with slick cream as she came.

     Bill noticed Mike's raging hard-on and decided he was due some relief.  Jerking
on his leash, Bill pulled the man to his feet and moved him so that his cock was in
line with Connie's mouth.

     "Now it's your turn, slut" Bill said, addressing his wife. "This dog has certainly
done his part by making you cum like a shameless bitch in heat. Suck his cock and be
sure to swallow every drop when he shoots his cream. Every drop that spills will earn
some extra punishment for you."

     Connie went about her task with enthusiasm. She liked sucking cock. Getting to
suck a new one excited her and she considered it a special treat. Connie had long
ago discovered that all men tasted just a little different. Some cum was acidic and
pungent, some was almost sweet while others had a nutty flavor. She always thought
she probably could identify men by just tasting their cum. It was an interesting thought
and Connie reminded herself to talk to Bill about trying the experiment sometime.
Perhaps she could be blindfolded and "forced" to suck several cocks. She would have
to name each man as they came in her mouth. Of course, she would be punished
severely by anyone she failed to guess correctly.  At the very least, she would get to
suck off several cocks. That alone would make the exercise fun for her. 

     Bill was suddenly aware of his own discomfort. He had been sporting a massive
erection for some time now and his swollen, cum-filled balls were beginning to cause
him some pain. He toyed with the idea of waiting for Connie to finish with Mike, but
decided there was no time like the present to initiate Jean into her new role as a
submissive sex slave. She had lost the bet, and now was the time for her to begin
paying the debt.

     Jean wasn't aware of what was going through Bill's mind but had she known,
she would have agreed wholeheartedly. Watching Connie shake and moan through
over a dozen orgasms and seeing her husband shoot his load on the floor was 
enough to send the girl into orbit. Now, watching Connie's lips and tongue work on
Mike's cock had her hotter and hornier than she could remember being in years. The
whole scene had turned Jean on tremendously, and the thought of what was to come
was even more exciting. She was eager to pay off her bet and, as far as she was
concerned, the sooner the better!

     "All right, Mistress Jean," Bill said. "We have a score to settle. I am willing to
allow you more leeway than an ordinary slave since you are participating only
because you lost a bet. I respect your dominant nature but I do intend to show you the
submissive side of things. For the rest of the evening you will be a slave, mine to
command as I see fit, within certain bounds, of course. If you are willing and agree,
then come kneel at my feet and acknowledge me as your Master for the evening."

     Jean willed herself to move slowly, not wanting to appear too eager.  She fell to
her knees in front of Bill and raised her head, locking her eyes on his. He saw the
emotions smoldering behind them and knew the heat she felt and the depth of her
excitation. Her pale skin was flushed and her roan colored hair accented the deep,
almost emerald green of her eyes. Her lips were parted and pouting. Bill saw the tip of
her tongue dart out to moisten them, then linger as if to signal to him that she was
ready if he chose to use her mouth.

     "You have won me for the evening and I am ready to serve my Master,"  she
said softly, tearing her eyes from his to look down at the floor. "I ask for no special
favors other than those included in the bargain. If allowed, Sir," she continued, fixing
her eyes on his once again, "I challenge you to do your best to make me your slave
instead of just a prize for tonight."

     Bill saw the fires burning behind Jean's eyes and knew she was desperately
asking him to dominate her completely. She was easy to read. Her desire to dominate
others was strong. She used the power to fuel her lust and stoke her sexual fires, but
there was another need, almost as strong. It was the one she was ready to explore
now. Jean also needed to find the one who could dominate her as she dominated
others. She needed a Master to be completely fulfilled and Bill was being tested to
see if he could measure up. He had complete confidence in his ability to do so.

     Reaching down he filled his hands with her leather encased breasts.  Her
leather garment was so tight he could feel her hard nipples piercing the palms of his
hands. Kneading the soft mounds, gently at first then with increasing force, Bill felt the
hard nubbins grow even more. A soft moan escaped Jean's parted lips and she
panted, trying to maintain control as Bill slid his hands out to the tips of her tits and
grasped her nipples between his thumbs and index fingers. 

     Jean's eyes snapped up to lock onto his when he rolled her nipples between
his fingers. As Bill increased the pressure, he saw the uncertainty reflected there.
Looking into her liquid green pools Bill saw the gamut of emotions that Jean was
feeling. The uncertainty changed to fear, then surprise, disbelief, passion, and finally
lust. It was at this point that her moans rose in pitch and became decidedly animalistic
as she leaned forward, pressing her ample tits into his hands. 

     Pinching her nipples was really turning this girl on, Bill thought to himself. He
wondered how she would react when he started turning on the pain. If this initial
response was any indication she would find the rest of the evening very stimulating!

     With one final squeeze Bill pulled his hands away. Jean's face first registered
relief, then anxiety. He had been hurting her nipples and it felt good when he quit, but
at the same time, Jean discovered that she liked him hurting her and she wanted it to
continue. When he pulled his hands away, she was afraid he was going to stop.

     Her fears were short lived. Bill tugged at the zipper that ran from her neck to
her waist, laying open her tight, leather, top. In one swift motion he peeled the
garment from her, leaving her naked from the waist up and immediately filled his
hands with her bare breasts. This time his fingers formed into claws and dug into her
tits at each base.

     Jean threw her head back and hissed softly as she felt his fingers press into
her soft mounds. It hurt, but it also felt so good! She could feel her rock-hard nipples
digging into his palms, which were damp with perspiration. Bill's fingertips sunk into
her soft tit-flesh until they could go no farther. Jean's tits begin to bulge at the top, like
a balloon being squeezed in the middle. Her skin stretched tight as her tits hardened
and she felt them throb with each heart beat. As the woman's passion increased so
did her heart rate, making the throbbing almost unbearable. 

     "My ass," she gasped. "I want you to spank my ass. My pussy's on fire and my
tits feel like they're about to explode. My ass needs to feel it too! Please, Sir. Blister
my ass. Use anything you like. Spank me with your hand, paddle me, cut me
with a cane, or whip me, but please make my ass burn like the rest of me. I want
it. No, I need it! I have to have it. Show me no mercy, make my ass hurt! Make me
scream and cry and beg you to stop."

     Her pleading was all the encouragement Bill needed. He already knew Jean
was made to be a slave, although she had spent her life playing the other role. It was
gratifying, both confirming that he was right, and watching the transformation take place.

     Bill decided to leave Jean's tight leather pants on, at least for the moment. He
liked the way they looked on her and he appreciated the way they gripped her ass
cheeks and accentuated them. He was also aware that Jean was a neophyte to
sexual spanking and the extra padding, though it was mostly psychological, would be
a comfort to the woman during her first episode.

     Knowing the effect his hands had created in her tits, he was reluctant to leave
them with no stimulation. Bill quickly decided to use the bondage bra he had made for
Rosie and Connie. It was leather and consisted mostly of cups with the front half left
open and straps for tightening and lifting. The victim's tits were forced into the cups,
which gripped them tightly at the base and caused them to swell and spill out over the
cutout portion. The straps held them up and away from the body and adjusted the grip
of the cups. Bill usually soaked the bra in water first, making it soft and elastic, so that
it would stretch to accommodate the size of the victim's tits and mold itself to her
particular shape.

     After adjusting the straps as tightly as possible, the effect was stimulating and
long lasting, as the leather began to dry and shrink. During a long session, the
persistent and increasing constriction of the bra served as a lingering reminder to help
focus the victim's thoughts on all her sexual parts, even those that weren't being used
at the time. Connie and Rosie could attest to the fact that it also made their tits hyper
sensitive. Tit-whipping, while encased in the bondage bra, was truly an excruciating
but exhilarating affair!

     Jean was not yet aware of the bra's long-term effect, but she was delighted with
what it did to her tits. They felt so alive, almost as if they were being constantly
massaged and stimulated. Every movement was amplified and transmitted directly to
her nipples. Even now, they were longer and stiffer than she could ever remember.
Jean had never been so intensely aware of her nipples, although they had always
afforded her plenty of sexual pleasure in the past and had served as a focal point for
foreplay. It was something she delighted in forcing her husband to do to her. She
would often make him lick and suck her nipples while lightly lashing his cock with the
crop. This usually ended in an orgasm for both of them.

     This done, Bill sat down and pulled Jean across his lap, adjusting her position
so that his hard cock pushed up against her leather encased pussy. Jean could feel
the shaft and the bulbous head rubbing against her sensitive cunt as she shifted back
and forth on her Master's lap. Using just his hand, Bill began Jean's first sexual
spanking.

     The first blow landed flush on both ass cheeks making Jean surge. She 
hunched against Bill's cock as the warmth spread through her ass and right into her
pussy. Because of her tight leather pants, every blow sounded like a rifle shot as Bill's
hand rained down on her ass. The leather diffused the blows, making the warmth
spread through her entire ass. In just a few blows she was already climbing rapidly
toward a mind-blowing explosion. Her first sex spanking was even better than she had
imagined! Using his powers of observation, Bill brought Jean right to the brink of
orgasm before stopping abruptly. When she realized he was stopping, she groaned,
showing her disappointment. Jean sawed her hips back and forth in a futile attempt to
achieve enough friction to send her over the edge. Unceremoniously, Bill dumped her
on the floor, admonishing her to be still and wait for permission to cum. 




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club 2
                                 CHAPTER 8

     Jean's ass was on fire and her tits were throbbing. She needed to cum badly.
While she was writhing on the floor Jean tried to remember the last time she had been
this excited. When they had first started playing bondage games, Jean had gotten
very excited when she was dominating Mike. Even then, she knew that something was
missing. She had experienced some terrific orgasms but had always been left with the
feeling that there was something just a little bit better out there that she had missed.
Now she knew what it was! Jean needed to be dominated just like her husband. 

     She was loving what Bill was doing to her and was desperate for him to
continue. One part of her loved the power she wielded over her husband, but another
part craved the freedom she was experiencing now. To be sexually dominated like this
allowed her the freedom to focus on her body's reactions and lose herself in a world of
raw sexuality with no responsibility toward anyone but herself. 

     Bill interrupted Jean's daydreaming. "You have much to learn as a slave, but
you are new to the experience and I am inclined to give you some leeway.  Part of
your training will make you understand that your body is for your Master. I will use it
as I see fit, whenever and however I wish. Since you have given yourself to me for the
evening and I will tell you when you may cum. The other girls here have  earned the
right to cum when they wish, unless it has been forbidden. You have toprove yourself
before you are granted that privilege."

     "I am ready to move to the next level. Choose your punishment. You can go
over the spanking horse for a session with the paddle. This is rather mild so you will
be given no less than fifty swats, mostly on your ass, but also covering the backs of
your thighs. I will use the crop if you prefer. The whipping will only be for twenty-five
lashes but no part of you will be spared. I will whip your ass, thighs, tits, and even
your pussy. You will probably cum during the whipping which will earn you
more punishment for disobeying. What is your choice, slave Jean?"

     For Jean there was no real choice. She had spent years using the crop as her
favorite form of amusement with her husband. She could hardly wait to feel it cracking
into her own skin. The promise of having her tits whipped was also appealing to the
woman. The bondage bra had done its job well. Her tits were pulsating maddeningly
and were demanding attention. Exposing them to the lash of the crop was frightening
and exciting to Jean, but it was something she wanted to experience. 

     "If the choice is mine, Sir, I choose the crop. If it makes me cum, I will willingly
accept further punishment."

     "So be it," Bill said. "Remove your shorts. I want you naked, except the
bondage bra, so that you can feel the full effect of the crop when it snaps against your
skin. When you have finished come kneel at my feet and use your mouth to make me
cum. Prove that you are a willing slave and deserve more of my attention."

     Jean scrambled to do as he asked. She tugged her tight leather shorts down
her thighs and dropped them at her feet. The cool air hitting her hot ass made her
shudder. Jean dropped to her knees in front of her Master and gently lowered his
leather briefs exposing his cock and balls. Bill had not cum this evening so his purple
glans was covered with the slick secretion of his pre-cum. Jean slithered her tongue
around the heart-shaped crown, cleaning away all vestiges of the slimy goo and
causing Bill's cock to leap in response.

     It was quickly apparent that Jean was an experienced cocksucker and that she
enjoyed doing it. The kneeling woman worked furiously for several minutes until she
felt the telltale pulsing and saw his balls draw up in preparation for the explosion that
was soon to follow. Looking up into his eyes she said, "Should I swallow your cum, or
would you like to see it all over my face and tits?"

     Bill didn't answer, but drove his pelvis forward, plunging his swollen cock down
Jean's throat. The woman was taken by surprise and gagged briefly before adjusting
to the invasion. Almost instantly she felt Bill's shaft begin to jerk and spurts of thick,
hot cum splashed against the back of her throat. Jean swallowed frantically trying to
keep up with the seemingly endless flow of viscous liquid that erupted from Bill's balls.
His roar of release echoed through the room and his knees went weak. It took a great
effort to keep from collapsing on the floor.

     When he recovered sufficiently, Bill released Connie from the spanking horse.
"Jean has chosen to be whipped with the crop, my dear. Please prepare her the way
you would like it if it was you about to undergo the lash."

     Mike and Bill watched as Connie went about her task. She fastened padded
leather cuffs around Jean's wrists and attached them to the chain that dropped from
the ceiling. Each ankle was encased in a similar cuff that had a length of chain
attached. These chains were fixed to rings in the floor. Crossing to a control panel,
Connie pushed a button, setting the winch in motion. Jean felt her toes leave the floor.
Her shoulders began aching as they took the entire weight of her body. As the slack
went out of the chains her legs were drawn farther apart.  When Connie finally
stopped the motorized winch, Jean was hanging, spread-eagled, and drawn as tight
as a piano wire. The woman was wide open and totally vulnerable. Every part of her
was completely available to the caress of the whip. Unable to control herself, Jean
trembled with fear and uncertainty, and shivered as a thin sheen of perspiration
covered her body.

          Bill sat and admired the scene before him. "I want you to work on her tits," he
said, addressing Jean's husband. "Suck on her nipples. Twist them and bite them until
they are hard and standing at attention." He ordered Connie to work on Jean's pussy
and ass. "Bring her as close to cumming as you can. I want her screaming and
begging for an orgasm. You can both quit when she finally realizes the crop is the
only way she will be allowed to cum and she begs me to whip her. If you go too far,
either of you, and push her over the edge, I will torture you both until she is ready to
start again."

     Jean was already at a fever pitch with her exposed position and the fear of
what was about to happen to her. When Mike's teeth closed on her quivering nipple
she thrashed about and moaned. Her tits were so sensitive! How would she ever
stand them being whipped? Connie was a master at what she was doing. She
alternated licking gently, like a cat cleaning itself, with nipping softly using lip-covered
teeth. Jean's thighs, labia, clit, and asshole were all targets for her manipulations and
Jean was babbling incoherently in just a matter of moments. She went especially wild
when Connie tongue-fucked her ass, running her pointed tongue rapidly in and out of
the puckered opening.

     "Oh fuck! Shit! Eat me! Lick my pussy, bite my tits. Cum, cum cuummmm.  I
need to cum! Goddamn it! Make . . . me . . . cum!" Jean was clearly highly aroused
and almost ready for Bill. It took Connie and Mike only another couple of minutes to
get her to where Bill wanted.

     Jean knew what she had to do. Bill was not going to let her cum until she
begged for the whip. She fought it for as long as she could, but it was inevitable. Her
level of arousal finally overcame her fear and uncertainty. Quivering with desire and
trembling with fear, she screamed. "Oh Goooddddd! Whip me!" Her voice echoed
through the basement.  "I have to cum. Please whip me haaaarddddddd."

     It was all Bill wanted to hear. He rose from his chair and walked to the
quivering form hanging from the chains. He could see the look of extreme arousal in
her eyes. Her eyelids were swollen and heavy. Her lips were puffy and saliva drooled
from the corners of her mouth. Pulling Mike away from her tits, Bill saw that Jean's
nipples were stiff, standing up like twin cocks, and a deep purple in color. Slashing at
Connie's ass with the crop, he managed to move her from between Jean's splayed
legs. Jean's red pussy hair was matted from Connie's licking and from her own flow of
cunt juice. Her clit emerged from its protective hood leaving it totally exposed. The
delicate, scalloped inner lips of her pussy became blood red in color and fanned out
like a ripe peach that had been pitted. Looking closer, Bill could see Jean's cunt lips
pulsating gently. 

     She was ready and he was ready to give her the first orgasm she had ever had
under the whip. Bill knew from experience that it would probably not be her last. Once
a woman had cums under the whip she usually returns to it again and again. All his
girls had told him there was nothing quite like cumming under the whip and nothing
that approached being so satisfying.

     Bill circled the suspended woman slowly. Jean's eyes followed him, never
leaving the menacing tip of the riding crop. Her nostrils flared and a thin sheen of
perspiration covered her body. Bill could almost smell the fear. He could also smell
her intense arousal. The unmistakable scent of  a female in heat permeated the air.

     On his third revolution he began lightly tapping her with the whip, which tingled
more than anything else, and was designed to bring color and warmth to the area.
Jean quivered and made small gurgling sounds each time the tip slapped gently
against her skin. Bill continued circling the woman, gradually increasing the force of
the blows. After a half dozen turns, the crop was making a snapping sound as it
crashed into her sweat covered body. Each snapping sound was followed by a low
moan as the pain flowed outward from the impact. It reminded Jean of a flower
blossoming in response to the sunlight.

     Bill stopped in front of the bound woman to concentrate on her tits. The
bondage bra held them up and out providing a perfect target. The damp leather had
already begun to shrink making her globes balloon and throb with excitement. Bill
placed the tip in her cleavage and swished it back and forth rapidly. This brought a
sharp intake of breath from Jean as the leather tip beat against the smooth insides of
her tits. The pain was minimal but the effect was stunning as Jean watched in
amazement as her already swollen tits seemed to expand even more and her nipples
grew at least another half inch.

     Bill zeroed in on one nipple. He began by tapping it very lightly but rapidly. He
gradually slowed the speed but increased the force with each succeeding hit. In a
matter of moments he was using all the strength he could get using just a snap of his
wrist. Jean's moans rose in pitch becoming a whine and finally a screech every time
the broad leather tip snapped into her sensitive swollen nubbin of tit-flesh. The pain
was still not severe but lanced through her body with each blow. She noticed it
seemed to center low in the pit of her stomach, behind her sex, building in intensity
like a fire just getting started.

     Bill switched to the other nipple and continued fanning the flames he knew he
had already started in the woman. By the time he had finished with her second nipple
Jean was seething. Her tits throbbed with desire. Her pussy lips were swollen and
leaking thick fluid which ran down the insides of her thighs.

     Bill knew the last few cuts of the crop were probably hard enough to count
against Jean's total, but he decided to start counting now. He intended to make each
of her twenty-five lashes memorable.

     Leaving her tits for the moment, he aimed at the soft flesh just below her pussy
on the insides of her thighs. Three quick blows to each side changed her screeches to
full-fledged screams of pain as the tip of the crop left a trail of fire where it kissed her
between her legs. Bill framed her vee with three more sharp blows just at the top of
her cunt where the pubic hair ended. Jean's entire world was her crotch.  She surged
wildly against her chains and screamed until she was hoarse. This man was hurting
her with his whip and she desperately wanted him to stop, but she was confused by
the realization that she also wanted him to continue! Her hips were pumping and she
hovered just at the brink of orgasm. The fires that raged between her legs were as
intense inside as they were outside where his whip had lashed against her. 

     Moving behind her, Bill aimed the crop at the backs of her thighs, just below the
crease of her ass. Three on each side and three more to each cheek brought the
count to twenty-one. He decided to make the remaining four count. Taking careful aim,
he sent the tip right between her ass cheeks so that it snapped wetly against her
brown puckered asshole. He saw her freeze as the realization of what he had done
sank in and the pain began to work its way into her numbed brain.

     "Oh God Nooooooo! Not there!" Jean shrieked. 
     Almost before she had time to get the words out, he hit her again.  This time the
leather tip forced its way inside her opening. He was whipping her on the inside!

     "Aaaeeeigh!" Jean bellowed. Tears poured from her eyes and the muscles in
her jaws clenched tightly as she underwent the agony of having her asshole whipped.
As the pain flared up inside her, Jean noticed another feeling, one that was even more
intense than the pain. Her ass cheeks had slammed together trapping the crop
between them. Every muscle in her body was tense and straining. Her orgasm
was imminent and nothing would stop it now!

     Sensing what was happening to his charge, Bill hurried to apply the final blows
of the crop. The first was aimed right at Jean's pussy and split her wet lips with a loud
splat. A second, which followed the first almost immediately, landed squarely on her
clit. 

     Jean had never felt such agony in her life. Waves of nausea coursed through
her followed closely by a rush of sensation she could only describe as euphoric, as
her long awaited orgasm erupted. A steady stream of thoughts ran through her head
as she bucked against her chains and rose on wave after wave of cums, each 
seeming to build upon the last and rising to greater heights of sheer ecstasy. She had
never cum so hard or so long in her life. Nothing had ever made her feel this good for
so long. Just before her body shut down from exhaustion, Jean knew she would never
be satisfied with an ordinary orgasm again.

     The cycle had been completed. All four had cum and a rest period was in order.
     The two couples remained naked while they talked and recovered from the
intense scene they had just finished. The conversation, naturally, centered on sex.
Jean was the most outspoken member of the group, as she was the one experiencing
sexual torture and bondage as a recipient for the first time. She made it clear that she
had loved what had been done to her and would no longer be content with just being
Mike's Mistress.

     Mike also expressed his satisfaction with the evening. It was, he said, even
more exciting being part of a group that was being tortured and humiliated.

     "The whole experience lasted so much longer and was far more intense than
when just Jean and I play. I still want us to have our own games, but I look forward to
getting together for more sessions like this."

     As it turned out, Mike and Jean were too sore to continue that evening. They
eventually dressed and went home, vowing to get together again soon for a repeat
performance. Before leaving Jean expressed a desire for Bill to pull a "surprise" on
them one evening. She had always had a rape fantasy and wanted him to set up a
scene where an "unknown" invader took them captive, forcing the two of them to do
filthy, disgusting things, and torturing them when they refused to comply or were too
slow following orders.

     The idea appealed to Bill and he promised to start working on the idea
immediately. He planted the seed that perhaps someone else might be involved. Just
this thought made Mike and Jean both tingle with anticipation.

     Bill and Connie were not yet ready to expose Mike and Jean to the club. They
had enjoyed their time with them and were more than convinced about their sincerity
to pursue bondage and discipline games, but had not broached the subject of incest
or sex with minors. Since this was the most sensitive and illegal aspect of the club,
they decided to take things slowly and get a better feel for how the new couple might
react if confronted with Kim, Angela, and Jimmy.

     Bill knew that Charles would be willing to participate in a rape and torture scene
with him and began setting up the scenario. To make things as realistic as possible,
Bill would only use objects and equipment he found in Mike and Jean's house instead
of bringing along a bag of his own toys. 

     Together, he and Charles decided that a week night would be more surprising
than waiting for a weekend. Bill let a week go by without contacting the couple. Jean
normally returned home from work about 4:30 with Mike arriving about an hour later.
Charles and Bill met at 4:00 and went to their house. Getting into the garage was
easy so the pair donned their ski masks and waited in the darkened area for Jean to arrive.

     Expecting nothing, Jean opened the garage as usual, closing the automatic
door after pulling inside. She was just getting out of the car when someone grabbed
her from the back and pulled a cloth bag over her head. Before she could react, her
hands were tied behind her back and she was effectively immobilized. Although she
struggled valiantly, it was no use. She knew there were at least two people who had
captured her. From their voices she could tell they were men, although the bag
muffled her hearing enough that she could not identify them.

     One of them took her keys and opened the door to the house.  Jean stumbled
and almost fell as they pushed her inside. She wound up being carried and dumped
into a kitchen chair. They tied her ankles to the legs of the chair.  A rope around her
middle then fastened to the chair back completed her bondage. Jean tested her bonds
and found them expertly tied. Her head was all that could move and it was still
covered by the cloth bag. She tried to reason with the men and even offered them
money to release her and leave the house, but got no response.

     When she felt someone fumbling with the buttons to her blouse, Jean realized
these men were not here to rob her. She tasted the fear and felt the panic rise in her
throat. Who were they? Why had they chosen her? She had a brief flashback to her
conversation with Bill a couple of weeks ago. Was he one of the men? She hadn't
recognized his voice. While these thoughts had been running through her head, her
hands had been untied and she had been stripped of her blouse and bra. Too stunned
to react, she had allowed herself to be pulled to a standing position while her skirt and
panties were yanked down to puddle around her ankles.

     Willing herself to try to escape, Jean lashed out in the darkness with her free
hands. Flailing wildly, she struck only emptiness and almost fell in the process. All of
the fight went out of her. Jean stood limply while her ankles were untied and her
shoes removed. She was unable to shake the growing feeling of resignation that had
overtaken her. In a matter of moments she had been retied, this time splayed on the
kitchen table. Her arms and legs were each tied to a table leg. In her mind she
pictured how she must look. She was completely naked except for the bag over her
head. Her legs were spread wide apart. She knew her pussy was open and on
display. Her ample tits flattened out and rolled gently to each side. She
couldn't move and was completely at her captors mercy.

     With a start she realized she felt a tightness in her nipples that
signaled she was getting turned on! She also felt the telltale moistness begin to
collect between her legs.

     Charles did all the talking since Bill knew that Jean would recognize his voice.
He wanted to prolong her uncertainty and terror for as long as possible.

     "Look at those tits" Charles remarked. "Why, if I didn't know better I'd say this
red headed bitch likes what we're doing to her. Have you ever seen such hard little
nipples in your life? And look at her red cunt hair. It's already mated and soaked with
her sweet smelling pussy juice. This cunt is turned on."
     
     Jean blushed when she heard what the man said. She knew it was true and it
embarrassed her that he noticed.

     "We haven't even done anything to her, yet." Charles said. The emphasis he
put on the "yet" made Jean shudder. What was going to happen to her and when
would Mike get home. She had no idea of how long she had been a captive or when
to expect her husband. There was also a gnawing fear that these men also knew he
was coming soon and would probably be prepared for him.

     The men spent the next several minutes almost casually playing with her naked
body. They tweaked her nipples, rolling them between their fingers, and massaged her
tits with strong hands. Her pussy was prodded and poked with fingers and tongues.
One of them even pushed his finger up her ass! Jean was ashamed as she felt herself
respond to them. By the time they finished she was pumping her hips up and down
and moaning loudly. Her head rolled violently from side to side lashing her own arms
with her rich thick hair. By the time she calmed down her entire body was shining with
a light coating of perspiration.

     "My God," she thought to herself. "I am being raped here and I'm loving it!
What have I become?"

     The sound of the garage door opening pushed these thoughts from her head.
Mike was home! Jean could tell her captors had heard the sound too. They were
scurrying around as if preparing for her husband. Her lust evaporated as the fear took
over. What would happen to Mike? What would these men do to them?

     Mike came inside completely unaware of what had gone on in his house.  When
he entered the kitchen, he stopped, frozen at the scene before him. He had just a
moment to register the image of his wife, naked and tied on the kitchen table, before a
bag was pulled over his head. The bag of groceries in one hand and briefcase in the
other gave the men an advantage over him. Before he could defend himself
his wrists were locked into handcuffs and manacles had been snapped around his ankles.

     The brief struggle and muffled sounds told Jean what she needed to
know even before Charles announced it. "Sorry, Missy," he said, twining his fingers in her pussy
hair and pulling on it with short, gentle tugs. "If you were hoping your husband would
rescue you, it just isn't going to happen that way. You're both ours now, and we have
a lot of games to play before we're through."

     Jean's heart sank. There was no escape. She only hoped the men wouldn't kill
them both. Even while she was thinking this, she was horrified to feel the familiar
flutter that always appeared in the pit of stomach when she was sexually excited. It
had been there since she was a teenager and she felt it stronger than ever right now!

     Mike was a little less afraid than his wife. Just before the bag had been put on
his head he thought he caught a glimpse of Bill standing off to the side.  He had seen
enough to know that his wife was unharmed, at least for now. Since she was naked
and tied to the table but hadn't been hurt, the chances were good that these men
would just have their fun and leave. Mike knew he was trying to convince himself, but
right now it was all he had.

     He felt hands at his waist unbuckling his belt and pulling his boxer shorts down
past his knees. His cock stiffened in spite of himself. Mike could still see the bound
and naked image of his wife in his mind. Being stripped of his pants and underwear
triggered the unwelcome response. These men seemed intent on sex rather than
robbery or violence. If it really was Bill he had seen, then this was obviously the scene
Jean had asked him to play sometime. Mike just wished that he could be sure.

     The captive couple hovered at the edge of panic. With their vision cut off and
their hearing obscured by the bags their other senses seemed heightened. Mike had
been completely stripped and tied in a chair by his wife's head who was still sprawled
on the table like a feast that was ready to be consumed. In this position the couple
could talk to each other. Their kidnappers didn't seem to mind and even encouraged
them to converse.

     "That's right, Little Lady," Charles said. "You tell your husband everything we
did to you before he got here. Be sure to include how much you liked it.  Tell him
about your stiff nipples and wet snatch. That way, when you start yelling in just a few
minutes, he won't be so worried about you. We want you two to tell each other
everything that is happening to you. And now, since you know your big, bad husband
isn't going to rescue you, you might as well relax and enjoy the evening. You can
think of us as The Cum Bandits. We came here to steal your cums and we aren't
leaving until we get all you have to offer, and we mean to get what we came for, even
if we have to beat it out of you."

     These last words made Jean shiver involuntarily. She hastily told Mike about
her capture in the garage and the ensuing events. She felt herself flush when she
described how they mauled her tits and fingered her pussy. Her voice dropped almost
to a whisper as she told him about one of them sticking his finger up her ass.
 
     Although he knew it was wrong, Mike felt his cock get even harder listening to
his wife detail the events before his arrival. Secretly, he wished he  could have seen it all!

     Mike was picked up, chair and all, and moved to the other end of the table. The
men rolled his bag up halfway and secured it with some drawstrings. Now his eyes
and ears were still covered but his mouth was free.

     Grabbing the back of his head and pushing, Charles said, "It's time to get to
work. We want you to suck your pretty wife's toes. Make love to each one and be sure
to use plenty of tongue action."

     Although she was expecting it, Jean's foot jerked when Mike's mouth closed
over her big toe. Without her sense of sight, the sensation was very strong and it was
an involuntary reaction. Before her foot returned to the table she heard a loud crack. A
thin line of fire appeared across her tummy. It was right across her navel and ran from
one side to the other. While not terribly painful, it was enough to make her yelp.

     "Just so we all understand each other, Missy, when we tell either of you to do
something we expect you both to obey. If you pull back, refuse, or don't do a good job
you will be hurt. Sometimes we will hurt you, other times we will punish your partner
for what you did. Now do we all understand the rules?"

     Jean nodded her head and was rewarded with another crack of the strap.  This
time it struck just below the first about halfway between her navel and the top of her
pussy. It burned more than the first one, which was still smarting a little.

     "When I ask a question I expect an answer."
     Her voice quivered as she said, "Yes, I understand."

     Before the words had died away she was hit twice more. Each blow landed  a
little closer to her pussy. The second one was right at the line of her pubic hair. Jean
wailed. These two were much more severe than the first ones.  

     "Address me as Sir, and thank me when I help you remember your place."
     "Yes Sir, thank you, Sir." Jean's voice was barely under control as she burned
from the lashes. The first one was still stinging and the last ones seemed to still be peaking. 

     Mike could feel her quiver as he quickly mouthed her big toe. He sucked it like
a cock, moving his lips up and down its length, swirling his tongue around its girth.




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club 2
                                 CHAPTER 9

     Jean had never had her toes sucked before now. She was surprised that it felt
so sensuous. By the time her husband had worked his way to her little toe she was
having a hard time controlling the little moans that kept trying to force their way from
her throat. Her stomach muscles rippled and she could feel her pussy lips swell from
arousal. With a start, she realized that both her feet were being subjected to this
treatment! A kidnapper had obviously decided to get in on the act. 

     "Oh, Mike," she moaned. "Help me! I can't be liking this. I know I
shouldn't be, but I do!"

     Mike stopped what he was doing just long enough to answer. "It's ok, hon. We
can't do anything about it. Just do what they say. It doesn't matter what happens, or
what they make us do. Everything will be all right. Besides," he added hesitatingly, "I
like it too!"

     Charles was the other person who was sucking on Jean's toes. Hearing her
conversation with Mike, he reached up and placed his hand on her stomach, gauging
her reaction by how violently her muscles were fluttering. Bill captured both her
nipples between his thumbs and index fingers and rolled them gently from side to
side.

     "Oh God, Mike! He's got my nipples. I can't help it. He's going to make me
cum! Unghh! Unghhh! Uuunnngghhhhhh! Oh shit! I'm cumming!" 

     Jean's ass humped up and down on the table, flattening her ass cheeks each
time she came down. Bill had gradually increased the pressure on her nipples as he
felt her starting to cum. The mild pain darting through her tits sharpened Jean's
orgasm, and it spun on longer than she would have thought possible from just this
relatively mild stimulation she had been given. By the time her orgasm subsided, Bill
had flattened her nipples out between his fingers and was pinching and twisting them
cruelly.

     The unidentified abductors turned their attention to Mike now that his wife had
just shamed herself in front of them. He had been aware that she was going to cum
even before she had announced it. She always made little mewing sounds while
building toward her climax. He redoubled his sucking of her toes to help her over the
hump. Hearing her moans and feeling her thrash on the table had made his
cock get even stiffer. His balls were already heavy and beginning to ache. 

     Bill had rummaged in the kitchen drawers and had found a spool of heavy
cotton twine. He cut a length and tied a wide mouthed jar to one end. The other end
was tied into a slip knot which he fitted over Mike's hanging balls. Mike's balls tried to
pull up and his sac shriveled when he felt the fumbling around his private parts. This
brought a hearty laugh from Bill, the only sound he had made so far. He let Mike get
used to having the weight dangling from his scrotum before he had Charles explain
what he had done.

     Jean had heard her husband's groans and wondered what was happening. 
She felt both horrified and excited when Charles spoke.

     "This is a jar that looks like it might hold a pint or more. Every time you cum,
we are going to make you do it into the jar. When you fill the jar, we will leave. Of
course, every deposit you make will make the jar heavier and the string draw tighter
around your balls, making it harder and more painful for you to cum the next time.
When you've filled it, you and this redheaded bitch of yours can share a real cocktail."
Charles chuckled, amused at his pun.

     After making sure that Mike was thoroughly tied to the chair, the men released
his hands. "Now grab that jar and your cock. We want to see you jack off into it. My
buddy here is going to spank your lady's tits with a spatula while you're doing it. The
longer it takes you to get off, the more her gorgeous boobs are going to suffer. By the
way, if you spill just one drop, she is going to pay for it in a way she won't like."

     Mike heard a loud pop and a cry of pain from his wife. He started running his
hand up and down the length of his hard shaft. The pre-cum oozing from the head of
his cock coated his palm, making it easier to get just the right combination of grip and
friction that he needed.

     Every time he heard the spatula slap into his wife's tits Mike felt his cock leap
in his hand. After the first several swats, she began to cry softly, her sobs catching in
her throat with each smack. "Oowwww!" she cried out after a particularly loud one.
"Please hurry Mike. This hurts so much, and he's hitting me harder every time!" Jean
pleaded.

     It was true enough. Bill made sure each time he smacked one of Jean's globes
with the metal spatula it was with just a little more force than the previous time. He
was concentrating on the tops and sides of her breasts right now. Occasionally he
kept the spatula from rebounding and enjoyed the way her tit flesh oozed up through
its slots.

     Mike was slow in cumming. He hoped it wasn't because he was enjoying 
hearing his wife cry out in pain, but the truth was that he slowed the motion of his
hand several times when he felt his cum about to work its way from his swollen balls.
Bill and Charles both noticed it and Charles took it upon himself to let Jean know
about it.
     
     "Well, Sweet Meat. It seems like your hubby doesn't really care if you get your
titties spanked black and blue. I think he likes hearing you cry and yell when that thing
smacks you. And, buddy-boy, just so you don't feel too badly about yourself, your
wifey's cute little nipples are as hard as rocks and standing up in the middle of her tits
like bullets. They must be two inches long now and getting stiffer and longer every
time my partner hits her. I'll bet she cums once he starts driving those nubbins right
back into her chest."

     Jean was embarrassed when he said it, but she couldn't deny that it was true.
The last few blows had brought about a change. Her tits were warm, almost hot, and
she knew they must be crimson colored. She found herself sticking her tits out, waiting
for the next blow to land. It hurt, and she still cried out each time, but she was actually
wanting him to hit her again. She still felt the pain, more than before, but it seemed to
blossom in her pussy now. The flutter in her stomach was there and getting stronger
with each blow. She knew that the man was right. Her nipples were hard and she
could feel the tension in them. If he hit her there, she knew she would cum.

     "Mike," she screamed. "Don't . . ." her voice trailed off as another shot landed
on the top of her left tit. It just grazed her nipple, smashing into the dark magenta of
her aureole. She felt fluid fill her pussy as another blow matched that one, this time to
her right side.

     The signs were unmistakable. Mike's hand flew on his hard red cock as
he pictured his wife's tits, dark red, with huge jutting nipples being
flattened each time the metal spatula smacked into the soft globes.

     "Hold on, Babe," he grunted. "I'm almost there."
     "Nooooo!" Jean screeched, the panic obvious in her voice. "Don't cum yet! He'll
quit if you cum. He . . . has  . . .  to keep going." She was ashamed and embarrassed
as she stammered out her need, but that was overshadowed by her lust. "I want it,
Mike. I want him to spank my nipples. Aeeeigh!" Jean screamed lustfully as Bill drove
the metallic utensil into her nipple, burying the turgid piece of female flesh deep into
the softness of her breast. "Yesssss! Again. Hit me again, harder!" she shrieked.

     Bill rained blows onto Jean's nipples furiously, slapping first one then the other.
Jean continued yelling maniacally with each blow, her head whipping from side to
side, as her orgasm built to incredible heights before exploding like a volcano erupting.
Almost simultaneously, Mike's cock shot streams of hot, thick goo into the jar, filling it
at least a third of the way to the top.

     "Oh shit!" Their voices rang out in a duet of agony and ecstasy. Mike had lost
his grip on the jar which fell with a sharp tug to his balls. This caused another spurt of
milky cum to shoot from the end of his dick. Luckily, his cock had softened enough
that it drooped into the jar, so the precious fluid was not wasted on the floor.

     Jean collapsed. She had not even been aware that the muscles in her buttocks,
back, neck, and legs had been holding her several inches up from the table top. She
was sore, internally from the strain, and externally from the spanking, but she was
thoroughly satiated. With a jolt she realized that all this had happened without them
even touching her pussy. My God, she thought. How will it feel when they finally get
around to that? Her mind refused to relate to something better than what she had just
experienced, and the fact that it had been forced out of her by two unknown assailants
made it even more incomprehensible.

     Bill and Charles let the couple regain their senses for a few minutes while they
prepared for the next part of the agenda. Confident that the couple would not try to
escape, Jean was untied and allowed to rub some feeling back into her limbs. Mike
was kept tied to the chair with the jar, now heavier, dangling from his balls.

     Jean's hands were retied behind her back. They raised the bag over her head
like her husband's, exposing her mouth and nose, but still covering her eyes and ears.

     Charles spoke again, addressing Mike. "My buddy and I are feeling kind of left
out of things. You and this slut wife of yours have both cum and we're still high and
dry. You don't mind if we use her pretty little mouth for a while, do you?" 

     When Mike didn't answer immediately, Charles continued. "Of course, it doesn't
much matter to us. One mouth is as good as another. We don't mind if you'd prefer to
suck us off instead. We can always find something to keep your wife occupied."

     "It' s ok, Mike. I'll do it. They're going to make me do it before
they're through anyway." Jean said.

     "That's quite perceptive of you, Sweetie." Charles said, with a chuckle. "Since
you're so accommodating, we'll even give you a choice. You can drink our jism right
from the bottle or we'll dump it into the jar so you can have it out of a glass later,
more like the lady that you obviously are." 

     The heavy sarcasm was not lost on Jean, who was very aware of just how
unladylike she had been acting. At this point it just didn't seem to matter, though. She
was so caught up in the whole scene that she was determined to play it out all the
way to the end. She had lost much of the fear that had permeated her earlier.  Jean
was sure these men would go away and leave them alone once they were finished
humiliating and abusing them. Even so, the ache in her tits reminded her that they
were more than capable of causing pain when they wanted, so a small element of fear
remained.

     Charles put his hands on Jean's shoulders and pushed her to a kneeling 
position. She wished she could see, but had to admit that doing everything by touch
had its advantages as well. Her other senses were much more acute this way.
Her tongue felt every ridge and vein in the cock that was sliding past her lips and into her
throat. The heavy masculine scent filled her nostrils. As she bounced his balls in the
palm of her hands, she found she could feel every coarse hair and every wrinkle in
the rubbery sac. The soft tissue inside her cheeks was vividly aware of the spongy
cock head and the ring that marked his circumcision. His pre-cum tasted as heady as
a fine wine.

     Jean felt his cock expand and his balls begin to dance in her hand.
She knew the man was going to cum even before he did.

     "What's it going to be, bitch, your throat or the jar?" Charles said,
through clenched teeth. He was having a hard time holding back.

     Jean had already decided what she would do and asked him to use the
jar. Her stomach churned at the thought of having to drink an entire pint of cum, but adding
these men's cum to the jar would fill it faster and bring an end to their ordeal that
much sooner. The problem with her decision dawned on the woman as she got hotter
and more excited while sucking the kidnapper. She wasn't sure she wanted this to
end! The truth was that Jean was enjoying being a sex slut to these two men, and
knowing her husband was witnessing it made it that much more exciting.

     Jean was dimly aware of her husband's small groan as Charles added his cum
to the jar hanging from the poor man's balls. It was getting quite heavy now and the
string holding it had drawn very tight around Mike's ball sac. She was already lost in
sucking the other man's cock.

     Bill put his hands on each side of Jean's face and guided her to his prick. Her
lips formed a soft oval and she took his entire length, all the way to the root. His glans
lodged comfortably in the back of her throat. The taste, smell,  and feel of this new
cock pushed Jean into experiencing a brief moment of deja vu. Had she ever sucked
this cock before?

     The flashback was gone almost before it happened and Jean went happily
about the task of milking her kidnapper's raging piece of meat. She knew she
shouldn't be enjoying herself so much, but she couldn't help herself. She liked sucking
a man's cock and being forced to do it made it more pleasant and exciting.  Besides,
she had a purpose! Once the jar was full of cum, she and her husband would
be released, hopefully unharmed, but at least alive. Her lips gripped the hard
shaft tighter as she ran her head back and forth, drawing the cum from her abductor.

     Bill didn't last any longer than Charles and was soon groaning as he
felt his balls tighten and the cum beginning to move up the length of his shaft.
Pulling his cock from Jean's mouth with a loud pop, he aimed for the jar and dumped
several ounces of the thick, hot liquid on top of what had already been collected.
When he finished, the jar was well over half full and Mike's balls were hurting
even more than before.

     Everyone had cum and Jean felt a drop in the sense of urgency in the
kidnappers. Just like a man, she thought to herself. Let them cum one time and
they're content to let the world go by without them! She, on the other hand, had gotten
worked up while sucking two cocks in a row. The pain had gone from her tits, so her
entire focus was on her pussy, and it was steaming! She toyed with the idea of asking
someone to fuck her, but quickly pushed the thought out of her mind. Jesus!  These
were kidnappers. She had to get a grip!

     Charles had recovered and had been busy while Jean was taking care of Bill.
He had wandered to the back of the house, found their bedroom, and discovered their
cache of bondage equipment. He also noted that the family room had exposed beams,
perfect for suspension. Judging from the grooves in the beams, today would not be
the first time they had been used for this purpose.

     By the time Charles collected the items he wanted, threw a couple of ropes
over the beams, and made his way back to the kitchen, Bill was through and ready to
continue with the next phase of their plan.

     They led their captives through the house to the den. It was amusing watching
Mike walking so gingerly. He was trying to keep from spilling the jar of cum that still
dangled from his balls and avoid doing anything that would make it tug harder on his
jewels. Consequently, he shuffled like an old man, his feet wide apart and taking tiny
steps. By the time he finally got to the den, Bill and Charles saw that the pain in his
balls had made him hard again. His cock jutted out and bounced with each mincing step.

     They made Jean stand on a low stool while they placed padded cuffs around
her wrists and attached them to a rope over the beam. Bill pulled the rope taut and
tied it off. Stepping up behind the woman, he kicked the stool out from under her and
delighted at the sharp "uunnff" that escaped her lips when she took the full weight of
her stretched body on her wrists and shoulders. 

     Stepping up close to Jean, Bill pressed his naked body to hers. He ran his
hands down her sides from her elbows to her knees, pausing at the deep hollows of
her underarm's, his finger tips just brushing the sides of her firm, prominent breasts as
his palms traced her rib cage and continued to her small waist that flared exquisitely
out to exceptionally wide hips, and finally slid along the outside of her soft, lean
thighs. Jean shivered at the intimacy of his touch and felt an erotic flush as her skin
responded to the sensation.

     Taking a chance, Bill whispered, his mouth close to her ear and disguising his
voice as much as he could. "I just love the way a naked woman looks when she is
hanging by her wrists." He reached around her and cupped both her breasts, testing
their weight and gently massaging them. Jean sighed and leaned her head back,
cradling it in the hollow of his shoulder. His fingers slowly crept to her nipples where
he used his thumbs and two finger tips to capture the sensitive pieces of flesh in the
lightest possible grip.

     It was heavenly. Jean purred at his touch and arched her back against him,
trying to press her tit tips into his hands, wanting a firmer touch. Moving his thumbs
back and forth ever so gently, Bill felt her nipples begin to respond. They grew in his
hands and became noticeably thicker and harder. His cock followed a similar pattern
and pressed into the crevice between her soft ass cheeks. Jean was mewing now,
twisting slowly back and forth, loving the feel of his hard cock between her buttocks,
and reveling in the intense eroticism he was awakening in her nipples. 

     Mike was allowed to sit in a chair directly in front of his hanging wife. Charles
had found a ball gag amid the couple's equipment. He tied it in place, thus insuring
that the man wouldn't speak. He removed Mike's blindfold, pressing his finger to his
lips to indicate silence.

     It took a few minutes for Mike's eyes to adjust to the light. Blinking rapidly, he 
began to focus on the scene before him. Jean was hanging from the beam and should
have been terrified and fighting her captors. Instead, her head was thrown back  with
her face twisted into a grotesque mask of ecstasy. She was almost vibrating as Bill
toyed with her nipples and gently massaged her heavy breasts. 

     Mike knew instantly that his wife was immersed in the throes of passion. He
could tell by her raspy breath and the tiny animal sounds that seemed to catch in her
throat  If he needed further proof, he only needed to look at her mound. The coarse
red hair was dark and matted and her plump thighs were glistening from the love juice
that had leaked from her swollen pussy lips. He could even see the tip of her clitoris
where it had pushed itself from its protective hood and stood proudly erect, ready for action.

     Bill smiled at him and Mike nodded, unable to smile in the ball gag. His eyes
conveyed the message that he was willing to play along with what he now knew was
an elaborate game. He knew they would keep Jean unaware, at least for now   He
didn't know their plan. Perhaps they would leave without ever revealing themselves to
her. Secretly, he hoped that was the case. Mike was sure that he and Jean would
replay this scene over and over. It would be much more intense for her if she never
knew the truth.

     When Charles removed his ball gag, Mike fell right into the spirit of the game.
"I'm sorry, Jean" he said. "I'm supposed to protect you and I can't do a thing while
these maniacs do God knows what to you."

     Bill had slipped one of his hands down in front, over her flat, taut stomach and
into the hot, swampy morass of her crotch. He dipped his middle finger into her cunt,
flexing it up the press against the hollow above her clit. With his finger thoroughly
coated with her slick juice, he echoed what he had done to her nipples, but this time
swirling around her clit.

     One of Bill's hands still fluttered from nipple to nipple while the other worried at
her most sensitive piece of flesh. Jean was being driven insane with lust.  The
kidnapper's touch was just gentle enough to make her burn with passion but not firm
enough to let that passion blossom into an orgasm. She squeezed her ass cheeks
together, feeling the man's rigid cock trapped there. It pulsed every time she gripped
him. Jean knew her husband expected an answer but her tongue was thick with lust
and her brain couldn't focus on anything but the overpowering sensations this man
was making her feel.

     "Don't . . . worry . . . Honey . . . ungghhh." The groan slipped out despite her
efforts to conceal it. She didn't want her husband to know that she really didn't want or
need his protection. Of course, she was unaware that he was watching her the whole
time. "They . . . they're . . . ungghhh . . . not . . . hur . hurt . hurting me." Jean
stammered as Bill stepped up his action to her clit. He had circled it with
his thumb and two fingers and was jacking it off, just like a tiny cock, using the
gentlest touch and the tiniest motion.

     This man is a master, Jean thought to herself. He knows my body even
better than I do. His every action only fanned her fires higher. The flames were
licking at her, deep in the pit of her stomach and on the surface where he had turned her
tits into rock hard masses of quivering needy flesh capped with white hot terminals
that seemed to spark with electricity. Her pussy was so hot she could feel the
heat on her thighs and smell the rich aroma that filled her nostrils.

     "Nooooo!" She squealed when Bill stopped everything just as she felt
her cum about to crest. "Please . . ." Her voice was filled with panic, afraid that
he would leave her like this.

     "What's happening?" Mike said, grinning as he feigned concern. "What are
these assholes doing to you?" His cock had grown another inch seeing his wife so
wanton and slutty. He knew she was about to crack. He wanted to see her go over
the edge and crash into a sea of lust and depravity.

     "Nothing, Mike" she said, getting control of her voice. "It's nothing
to concern yourself about."

     Charles stood in front of Jean and held up the nipple clamps for his friend to
see. They were the Japanese sewing clamp variety. They had a strong grip that got
stronger when pulled. With enough weight or a strong enough pull, they would rip the
nipple off before slipping. Bill nodded and moved both hands back to Jean's nipples.
Twirling and squeezing them one last time to make sure they were as erect and hard
as possible. He made a loose circle of his thumb and first finger  and ringed her
nipples with them. Pulling her back against him, he drew the skin on her breasts as
tight as possible with her red, quivering nipples sticking out from the center. Charles
moved quickly and captured both pieces of overexcited tit flesh at once. He relaxed
his grip and the jaws of the clamps bit cruelly into Jean's nipples.

     A blood curdling scream tore from Jean's throat as flashes of pure agony raced
through her tortured tits. She shook her upper body like a wet dog, trying to throw the
tormenting devices from her chest. Realizing she was only making things worse, she
tried to quiet herself and allow her body to adjust to the pain. She whimpered while
Bill stroked her flanks, shuddering as particularly strong pangs lanced through her.

     Charles put his hand on her stomach, delighted at the way it rippled as she
tried desperately to gain control. "That's it, Sweet Cheeks. It doesn't really hurt that
badly. Take the pain inside and make it work for you instead of against you."

     His soothing voice and the gentle stroking calmed the woman almost
immediately. She realized that he was right. It was the surprise more than anything.
They had been treating her so gently and playing her body so expertly that she had
relaxed, forgotten that she was a captive, and that these men were here to  use her to
satisfy themselves. She had been lulled into feeling safe and secure. The pain in her
tits was the price she had to pay for making that mistake.

     Suddenly, Jean was struck by a revelation. This man was right about another
thing! The pain had quelled the raging inferno that had built up in her loins. As she
was writhing in agony, sex was the farthest thing from her mind. Lust and passion had
evaporated, replaced by the more intense emotions of pain and suffering. Now that
the pain had subsided somewhat, the other returned, redoubled! Fueled by the pain
and angry at being so rudely displaced, the lust reasserted itself and again took
control of her defenseless body.

     Jean became acutely aware of a growing need. It was gnawing at her insides
and pushing aside all thought and reason. She needed to be fucked! She didn't want
to be made love to and she didn't want to have sex. What she wanted and needed
,was to be used, to be the object of a man's, any man's, lust and depravity.

     Jean hadn't even been aware that she had been moaning and making
gurgling animal sounds while she was lost in her reverie. Mike's insistent voice
pushed its way into her consciousness. "What is it, Honey? Talk to me. Tell me what's
happening." Jean was not coherent enough to hear the insincerity in her husband's voice.




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club 2
                                CHAPTER 10

     "Oh God, Mike! Please forgive me. I don't know what's happening to me but I
can't control myself. Whatever happens, no matter  what I do or say, please remember
that I love you."

     With that said, Jean was stripped of the last vestiges of self-control. Her voice
turned low and guttural as she called out to her unseen captors. "Come on you sons-
of-bitches. You've made me this way, now do something! Whip me! I need to feel the
pain. Beat me until I scream for mercy and beg you to use my body in every filthy,
disgusting way you can imagine."

     Her tirade seemed to take the edge off her need. Jean hung limply on her
ropes, sobbing. Her tits still hurt terribly, but that wasn't the cause of her weeping. She
cried because she had sunk to the depths of depravity. Her own body had betrayed
her and made her act like a wanton slut. Mike, her husband, was listening, hearing her
beg these men to abuse her. She was afraid she would lose him forever. The worst of
it was that she didn't care. She knew that if she were whipped she would lose control,
would do anything and everything they wanted, and beg for more. The misery she felt
was worse than any pain they could ever cause.

     If Jean could have seen her husband she would not have felt so bad. He was
running his hand up and down the length of his cock, totally caught up in seeing
Charles and Bill humiliate and abuse his wife. Her tearful confession had almost made
him cum. He felt the humiliation as much as she, though he was privy to what was
really going on. Knowing that his wife of more than twenty years could be had by any
man who knew how to push her buttons excited him. He had enjoyed groveling at her
feet for years. Seeing Jean in the same situation made him hotter than he could
possibly have imagined. Later, he would find a way to tell her how he felt .  If she were
enjoying this as much as he thought, they would find a way to do it again. 

     Bill knew exactly what was going on with both Jean and Mike and he moved to
push them both to the next level. Moving quickly, he hung a couple of heavy triangular
fishing weights to the sewing clips on Jean's tits. Dropping them from shoulder height
brought the desired response. Jean renewed her screams when she felt the sharp tug
pulling at her tits. The pain followed instantly. As the weights pulled the clamps the
jaws tightened, mashing her swollen nipples flat. The pain was indescribable and so
was the sharp jab of lust that rose in her pussy.

     "And now you will get your wish" Bill said, whispering into Jean's ear. "I am
going to whip you. I am going to cover you with lashes from your tits to our knees,
front and back. When I am through, every pore in your body will ooze pain and you
will wish you could die to make it stop, but you will beg for more instead, because you
won't cum until I fuck you and I won't do that until I think you are ready.   Do you
understand?"

     Jean trembled with pain and fear but she knew what she had to do.
"Yes, Master. I understand, and I won't cum until you tell me."

     Before she had time to prepare, and almost before the words were out of her
mouth, Bill cracked a wide leather strap across her ass cheeks. What followed blurred
in Jean's mind, even when she tried to sort it all out later. Bill rained blows on her,
hitting her back, her ass, and the backs of her thighs. They were sharp, stinging blows
that brought explosions of pain when they hit but had a clinging quality that seemed to
grow with time. When he finally stopped, Jean was sure her entire backside was
bleeding. In truth, she was only a deep crimson color with only a few splotches of
purple where he had bruised her.

     Jean had taken the first few blows, five or six, she wasn't sure exactly how
many, silently, then the pain began to overwhelm her. When she could stand no more,
she screamed, and she continued screaming as if the sound would take the pain
away. It didn't, but it seemed the thing to do and, besides, she really had no control.
She could no more quit screaming than she could learn to disregard the searing
agony of the strap as it flailed away at her tender skin.

     It was several minutes before she realized that her beating had stopped. The
tongues of fire that licked at her backside burned with the same intensity as before.
Bill switched to her front and prepared to continue her whipping. He took both the
clamps in his hand and tugged on them. He wanted to force her mind off her back and
onto her tits. When he opened the clamps and removed them Jean thought she would
get some relief but she was wrong. As the blood rushed back into her flattened
nubbins the pain heightened, this time accompanied by a throbbing that threatened to
drive her mad. Jean's entire world seemed centered on her tits, the terrible pain of her
whipping pushed aside in favor of more immediate worries.

     Bill leaned forward and captured one of her tortured nipples between his lips.
Starting slowly, he circled it with his tongue, fluttering, barely touching her. Gradually
he increased the pressure of his lips and the contact his tongue made with the turgid
flesh. Jean's screams of pain changed to moans of pleasure and rose again to shrieks
of ecstasy. Her body trembled again, this time from pleasure so great her mind was
unable to comprehend it. She was propelled to heights of euphoria far in excess of
anything she had ever experienced. Jean would have sworn she was trapped in a
state of permanent orgasm except that she could tell the pleasure, as wonderful as it
was, hadn't crested yet!

     "Please" she begged. "I'll cum. I can't help it."
     "No. You won't." Bill whispered. "This is just to show you that the pleasure is
proportional to the pain. The pleasure at the end can be as great as you want it to be.
More pain initially means greater pleasure when the pain is over. Have you had
enough? Are you ready for the pleasure?"

     Jean astonished even herself with the quickness and vehemence of her reply.
"No!" She hissed. "More. I want you to whip me more . . . and harder!" 
     Bill smiled to himself as he cracked the strap against the soft white flesh of her
abdomen. Avoiding the obvious places, he covered her front with stripes, deep red in
color, many of them raising into welts. Jean felt the power in his strokes and tried hard
to fight off the pain. It proved too much for her though, and her screams soon filled the
room again. This beating was different though. This time she had a goal, a purpose. It
didn't make the strap hurt less, but through the haze of the pain Jean also felt the
pleasure escalate. 

     Finally Bill stopped. Jean quieted her wracking sobs. She knew what she had to
do, what she wanted to do, but was so afraid. She hurt. Oh, how she hurt!  As her
mind began to clear Jean noticed that she could identify the individual stripes. Even
the first blow to her ass was still etched in her memory and with just a little effort she
found she could separate it from all the others. With a courage that comes only from
great conviction and exceptional hunger, she forced her quaking voice to speak.

     "Please, Sir. Please whip my tits and my pussy. I . . ." The words lodged in her
throat as a sob of despair and agony came out. "I have to see. I have to know!" The
last rushed out in a torrent, as if she were afraid she would not get them  said.
Finished, she let her head fall to her chest and resumed her quiet sobbing.

     Charles greased his cock with a huge glob of KY jelly. Taking another dollop on
his finger, he smeared it around Jean's asshole, pushing some of it inside. The
woman seemed unaware that it was happening so lost was she in the swirling eddies
of her mind. Sensations of pleasure and pain whirled around her head, spinning so
fast that she was hard pressed to identify them individually. Jean saw them embodied
as powerful warriors in a battle for supremacy and her body reacted as each came
forward to claim victory.

     The most astonishing thing to the woman was how she reacted. It was the
same! She felt the same tingle, the same flush of excitement. Even the way her pussy
filled with juice was the same. Her confused body didn't seem to differentiate between
the pain and the pleasure. It was then that Jean finally understood. 

     Her limp body stiffened with resolve. She raised her chin from her chest and
would have looked her tormentor in the eye if she were not blindfolded. Her breasts
pushed out and her back arched, her ass wiggling on Charles's invading finger. Had
Bill been able to see her eyes, he would have seen them shine with fervor.  Jean was
ready and she wanted it!

     Bill understood and he knew she wanted it hard. Stepping to one side, he drew
back the strap. With a full arm motion and a snap of the wrist he sent the terrible
instrument crashing into Jean's left tit. It landed with a dull, sickening splat and
seemed to cling to her tortured flesh. He had hit her right in the center of the soft
globe. Her rigid nipple took the full force of the blow. It was driven deep into the softer
surrounding tissue like a hammer might drive a nail.

     Jean was pushed backwards by the force of the impact, impaling herself on
Charles's stiff cock. The delicate muscles around her sphincter tore slightly before
yielding and accepting his cock all the way to the hilt. If there was any pain, it was lost
on the poor woman. Jean's brain was short-circuiting on an overload of sensations. 

     The pain in her left breast soared to demonic proportions. She was sure it  had
been torn from her chest. A fire raged inside her that threatened to steal her sanity.
Through it all, and gradually conquering, was a feeling that was indescribable. Jean
soared, every cell in her body vibrating, bursting with elation that approached delirium.
In fact, an uninformed observer might have considered her delirious or insane from the
constant stream of babble and nonsense that poured from her lips. 

     "Oh shit . . . Yeeeeeeessssss!" she yelled, her voice thick and raspy with
passion. "Beat me, fuck me, hit me again, you bastard. Fuck my ass harder you son-
of-a bitch. Whip my tits, make me buurrrnnnn! God damn it, do it again. Anything . . .
I'll do anything you want . . . I'll be your whore, your slut . . . I'll drink your cum . . .
Please, please, please, whip me some more."

     Bill was impressed. For someone so new, Jean showed a remarkable ability to
turn pain into pleasure. Her threshold of pain was higher than anyone he knew, with
the possible exception of his own wife, Connie. 

     It was too much for Mike who had been jacking off furiously for the past ten
minutes. The sight and sound of the strap flattened his wife's tit, her foul-mouthed
string of expletives begging her tormentor for more, her buttocks jiggling as she fucked
the cock in her ass, and offering herself to a man she had never even seen, made the
sperm fly from his cock. His balls emptied themselves with spurt after spurt of white
jism. By the time he finished the jar was almost full. He groaned from the weight
pulling on his balls.

     Bill attacked Jean. He hit her left tit twice more and matched those blows with
equally hard shots to her right one. Pausing to take a deep breath, he aimed for her
dripping snatch, the first one slashing across both thighs and catching her flush on her
protruding mound. 

     Amazingly, and without her guidance, Jean's thighs parted, showing Bill a target
that was already swollen and red. Her pubic hair was matted with the thick secretions
of her pussy and was parted to either side, giving him a clear view of her plump
nether lips, which had peeled back to expose her more delicate and lacy inner labia.
Jean's clit protruded, unaware of the danger it was in, or welcoming it. 

     Coming from below, Bill snapped the strap directly into Jean's palpitating pussy.
The sound that emanated from her abused body was eerie. It was neither a scream of
pain nor a shriek of ecstasy. It seemed to come from deep within her and rose
steadily in pitch and volume. The sound was a mixture of the cries of pain of all the
people in the world and the combined squeals of joy of billions.

     Jean felt the two-inch band of fire from her asshole, where it had narrowly
missed Charles's cock, all along her slit, and ending at her clit. This was where her
agony was centered. This most precious of all female organs, the seat of pleasure
beyond reason, was now glowing. Heat radiated from it in all directions. It burned her
weeping cunt lips and seared her wet, sticky thighs. Jean was frozen in time, every
muscle locked, her lips were pulled back tight, her teeth bared, in a grimace of
appalling despair or exquisite euphoria.

     Charles had to stop fucking her ass. Her ring had grabbed him around the root
of his cock and refused to let go. The slick lining of her anal chute was rippling up and
down the length of his cock. Her ass was sucking him off and he  couldn't stop it!

     Bill threw down the whip and plunged his raging cock into Jean's pussy in one
motion, burying it to the hilt in her silky glove. He was awestruck by the heat. Never
had he fucked someone whose pussy was so hot. It was almost painful. The other
amazing thing was how her cuntal walls gripped him as he entered her. She was so
that wet he hadn't expected any problem getting his cock inside, even with Charles
filling her from the other end. That was true, there had been no difficulty. But now,
lodged deep inside her, he found it almost impossible to move. Her cunt held him like
the jaws of a vise.

     After a while, he began to feel the same rippling effect that Charles had been
experiencing in her ass. It was then he realized that she had been in full orgasm all
this time! It must have been approaching three minutes by now and was  showing no
signs of relenting. Looking closer, Bill saw that Jean wasn't breathing. He had heard of
oxygen deprivation where someone was slowly strangled through their cum. It
supposedly heightened the intensity of the orgasm. Jean had developed her own method!

     After another full minute, maybe longer, they felt her muscles gradually begin to
relax but were not ready for the onslaught that followed. Jean's hips took on a life of
their own. She snapped them forward, almost knocking Bill off balance, and
taking his cock to the base, then whipped them back, fully  engulfing Charles's cock,
flattening her buttocks against him. 

     Once she established the motion Jean increased her speed. Her
undulating hips became a blur. Charles and Bill were being punished each time she
crashed into them. In addition, Jean was uttering a steady stream of filth. "Fuck, shit,
cock, pussy, ass . . ." Occasionally, she paused, squealed in orgasm while her cunt and
asshole milked the two cocks embedded in her, then continued as before. 

     Charles had already filled her ass with cum once but the incredible
grip of Jean's rectum had not let his dick go soft. He was rapidly building toward
another cum. Bill felt the rumble in his balls and knew he wouldn't last much
longer. Jean showed no signs of slowing however, and had already ground her way through
a dozen orgasms at least, not counting the mammoth one to start. 

     They all reached their peak at the same time. Charles squirted weakly in her
ass while feeling Bill's pulsing cock across the thin membrane that separated Jean's
ass from her cunt. She froze again, her cunt and ass sucking the cum from
their balls, as she shook her way through yet another glorious orgasm.

     They all collapsed, Bill and Charles crumbling to the floor and Jean
hanging limply from the ropes. Mike had watched it all with  wide eyes  and a gaping mouth. If
he had not been a witness, he never would have believed it. His wife, who had always
been his symbol of power and strength, had dissolved into a sex slave. She had been
abducted by two men who then proceeded to whip and torture her. Not only had she
not tried to escape, she begged them to keep doing it to her! And, most amazingly,
she finished by taking one up her ass and the other in her pussy and fucked them
both until they were almost unconscious! He groaned as he realized his cock was
hard again!

     Bill and Charles finally got their strength back and pulled Jean down from the
ropes. She had been tied so long and was so weak from cumming that she was
unable to stand on her own. She slumped against Bill who she instinctively knew was
the boss, though he had rarely spoken and then never above a whisper. 

     Her eyes still covered, she raised her lips, searching for his.  Bending to kiss her
,she surprised him with the passion she managed to convey with her lips and tongue.
Braking off the kiss she said breathlessly, "Thank you, Sir. Whoever you are, thank
you. There are no words to describe the pleasure you have brought me today.  I will
never forget this. Even now, when I feel the soreness, a shiver goes up my spine and
I feel close to cumming again. I am yours. I will do anything and everything for you."

     "Thank you" Bill whispered. "Your husband has a hard cock again and I think
he deserves some attention." Charles had untied the jar of cum from Mike's balls and
had motioned for him to lie on the floor. Bill took Jean by the hand and led her over to
Mike. Pushing on her shoulders, he made her squat over him, sitting on his jutting
cock. The moment she felt it split her pussy lips Jean shuddered through a tiny
orgasm. "My God," she thought. "What will it take to satisfy me?" She started rocking
back and forth then moving up and down. Mike just laid there while she used him to
fuck herself.

     Reaching down, Bill took both her nipples between his fingers and gave them a
sharp twist. Jean winched, still incredibly sore from the clamps and the whipping, but
her pussy convulsed on Mike's cock almost forcing him into cumming. "Now drink this
while you get yourself off on your husband's cock" he hissed, placing the jar of cum in
her hand.

     She raised the jar to her lips and turned it up. As the thick, viscous liquid rolled
down her throat it all came flooding back to her, a collage of emotions.  She saw
herself being captured, having her tits spanked with the spatula, sucking off her
husband and her unknown assailants. A moan of despair escaped her as she 
remembered the awful whipping and she groaned with delight as images of her double
fucking swirled through her head. The jar dropped to the floor and she put her hands
on Mike's chest. Leaning down she kissed him. Together, they tasted the cum that still
coated her lips, and tongue. As she ground her pussy into him she heard the wet,
squishy sound as Bill's cum oozed out and ran down Mike's balls to puddle on the
floor. Jean began to shudder as her orgasm washed over her and she felt Mike's
familiar cock jerking inside her warm pussy.

     The last thing she remembered before passing out was saying, "We have
to do it again, Mike. I have to have it."

     Mike found an excuse to come to Bill and Connie's house that evening.  He was
ecstatic. He recounted the entire experience to Connie while emphasizing how grateful
he was to Bill for all he had done. "Jean is in bed, totally exhausted" he said. "We
fucked again after you left. She asked me to do it doggy style and spank her ass while
I was fucking her. She even made me ream her ass and asked if I would cum in her
mouth. We've never had sex like that, and I owe it all to you and your friend."

     Jean didn't know that Mike had been allowed to watch most of what happened.
He also hadn't told her the identity of her "kidnappers." Mike said, "I think I'll leave it
that way for now. She seems perfectly content thinking she was kidnaped and forced
into doing all those things. Maybe sometime in the future you'll want to repeat the
performance. I wouldn't want to spoil it for her."

     Bill groaned to himself when Mike left. He had seen the look in Connie's eyes
and the way she shifted around in her chair. He knew she wouldn't sleep until he had
taken her downstairs for a session of their own. The worst was that Jimmy was off
playing with Kim and Angela and wouldn't be there to help him out. "The life of a
Master is not always easy," he sighed, as he went off to the shower.

     Bill and Connie did take the time, after they finished, to discuss including Mike
and Jean into the club. They agreed that the couple would be an asset and a fun
addition to their group. Their reaction to the kids joining the games was  the only real
question. Bill promised to talk with them and try, as delicately as possible, to ascertain
how they might feel, both about joining the club and about the teenagers.  Another club
meeting was set for Saturday evening and he would try for an answer before then.

     There was another matter Bill wanted to discuss with everyone. He had been
toying with the idea of setting up a club vacation where they could all be together for
an extended length of time. He had finally located what he thought might be the
perfect place. There was a company in the British Virgin Islands who specialized in
group vacations on large sailboats. One of the Captains advertised in some bondage
magazines indicating that arrangements could be made for "specialized" agendas. 

     Bill exchanged letters and had a fifteen minute phone conversation, which
convinced him that Michael and Tracy, the Captain and his wife, would make their
cruise memorable. Michael and Tracy were also "players" so the fees were kept
modest for groups wanting to have bondage cruises. The club could have ten days of
sun, sailing, and sex for about two hundred dollars, not counting the air fare. With
spending money for souvenirs and some dinners out, Bill figured five hundred dollars
apiece would get them this dream vacation.

     Bill had already gotten flight information. Booking at least a month in advance
with group rates would cost them only another hundred and fifty dollars each. It took
ten people to qualify as a group. If Mike and Jean joined them, they would still be  one
short. Bill asked everyone to think of their most likely candidate. Since they were
under a deadline, they agreed to accept a single or couple, male or female, sub or
dom. Assuming Mike and Jean joined, they would have four men and five women so
the sex of the new candidate was not critical. With Jean going both ways, they had
four doms and five subs. Even if she chose to be a sub on the cruise, a ratio of three
to six was acceptable. The new member could fit into either category without upsetting
things too much.

     Polling the other members, he found their enthusiasm ran just as high as his
and they pressed him to get Mike and Jean into the club quickly so they would get the
group air fare. Besides, they knew it would be more fun to have more people.

     Mike and Jean had no plans for Friday evening so Bill invited them for drinks.
He mentioned that he had something he would like to discuss with them but a couple
of hours of fun was not out of the question. They readily accepted and arranged to be
there around 7:00 that evening.

     Rosie and Kim were already there when they arrived. Shortly after the drinks
were served, Jimmy and Kim excused themselves and went to Jimmy's room to listen
to a new CD he had bought. Mike and Jean had been disappointed, initially, because
they figured there would be no games that night with Rosie and the two teenagers in
the house.

     Rosie broke the ice by asking Bill if they were just going to drink or if he had
some entertainment planned for the evening. He answered that he had some videos
they could watch, but that he hadn't wanted to offend anyone by making them watch
his home movies. Falling into the spirit of things Connie said, "You could always tie
them up and make them watch. That's what you always do to me," she added with a giggle.

     Her interest piqued, Jean asked, "What are they, tapes of your vacations?"
     "Not exactly," Bill answered. "Although they are tapes of us relaxing and having
fun. As a matter of fact, I believe Rosie is the leading character in one segment. I
even have some footage of you and Mike that I could show."

     Jean and Mike were puzzled. They didn't remember being in on any holidays or
vacations with Bill and Connie. Looking at each, it suddenly struck them.  Bill had
taped their bondage session that first night! There had been no big deal made of it,
but they each remembered Bill switching on lights and some cameras before things
got started. He must have captured the whole thing on video.




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club 2
                                CHAPTER 11

     Rosie laughed out loud at their discomfort. "Sounds fun to me" she said. Then,
looking at Jean she added, her eyes twinkling,  "I'll show you mine if you'll show me yours."

     Mike and Jean exchanged glances and looked to Bill and Connie for support.
Bill told them reassuringly, "Rosie has been playing with us for a long time. While we
haven't told her about you two, she knows what is on the tape because her tapes are
all of the same thing. If you don't mind sharing your tape with her, I can promise that
you will enjoy watching hers."

     Once they understood that Rosie was also into the same type of sexual antics,
Mike and Jean visibly relaxed. After all, it was Bill's house and if he thought it was all
right then who were they to argue? Besides, they really wanted to see Rosie's tape.

     Bill sat where he could see the people in the room while the tapes were
running. The clip he had chosen to show of Rosie had extensive tit bondage and
whipping, ending with her yelling for more, even as the whip was breaking the skin
and covering her breasts with blood. 

     Jean watched, fascinated, her hands stealing to her tits to rub them as if to
assure herself that they were unharmed. By the end of the tape Bill noticed her hands
twisting her own nipples and breathing heavily. Jean was turned on! Mike's hard-on
was obvious and he made no effort to hide it.

     While the tape was rewinding Jean asked Rosie how she could stand that
much pain to her tits. Rosie answered, "Honey, once my boobs are tied up and the
nipples get stiff, there is no stopping me. I remember that session vividly. I came at
least ten times just from the whipping. When it cut into me and I felt the blood running
I went into an orgasm that seemed to last for hours. Later, when Bill was fucking my
ass, he reached around and grabbed those babies. When I felt his hands mauling my
tits and sliding around in that blood, he told me that I just about ripped his dick off
fucking him so hard. I came so hard I passed out and had to spend the night here."

     While they were watching Mike and Jean's session Kim wandered into the
room. Glancing at the screen casually, she remarked, "Are you guys watching dirty
movies again?"

     The couple was horrified at being caught until they noticed that Bill and Connie
seemed unconcerned and Kim's own mother just told her to sit and be quiet.  Still,
Jean was embarrassed when the teenager sat down to watch. They were just getting
to the part that showed Jean being suspended for her cropping. Kim added to
Jean's embarrassment by keeping up a running commentary on the action. 

     "Ooooh, great tongue action Connie. You're really giving her ass a workout."
     " Look at your nipples, Jean, they're so hard they look ready to explode."
     " Good job Bill, you tagged her right on the asshole with that shot." 

     Finally, when the tape was almost done, she said, "Wow, Jean. That was really
hot. I just love seeing a woman tortured into cumming like that. You're really beautiful,
especially when you're all tied up and hanging."

     Bill rewound the tape and called for Jimmy to come to the living room to join
them. When he came into the room Bill said. "Jimmy, I want you to take Kim 
downstairs and get her ready for punishment." 

     Turning to Kim he said, "You forgot your place in this house. When you are
here, you are a slave. You spoke without permission, you offered opinions, and you
embarrassed my guests. For their embarrassment, Jean and Mike will have you for
fifteen minutes. When they are done, I will take the next fifteen minutes to teach you
your place as a slave. After that your real punishment will begin. You will be tied so
that you will only be an observer for the rest of the evening. No one will touch you and
you will not participate in anything we choose to do."

     The evening was a huge success with Mike and Jean enjoying punishing Kim
and watching Jimmy in action with Rosie and Connie. Before it was all over Jean had
managed to get herself whipped by the boy who then fucked her in the ass while she 
sucked his dad off. The couple was hooked and jumped at the chance to join the club.
Since they had adequately displayed that they had no problems with either incest or
participating in sex with minors, the club members voted to start their initiation the very
next night.

     The next night, Kim was so horny from her night of just watching that she
fucked Bill, Jimmy, Charles, and Mike. She also had several oral sessions with Jean,
Connie, Angela, and her mom. 

     During breaks and rest periods they discussed the various candidates to fill the
vacant position. Most of them had at least one person in mind. They voted to narrow
the list down to the three most acceptable nominees and allow Bill to make the final
choice after interviews and possibly auditions. None of the choices were to be told
about the club or know that they were being screened as possible members.  

     Rosie's candidate was a young, single nurse she had gotten to know recently.
The girl had been in a relationship with a young doctor who had badly mistreated her.
Now that he had gone on to other conquests, Leigh Ann found herself alone and
strangely missing not being told how to act, what to wear, and being generally
submissive to a man. Rosie had talked with her and felt she would fit right in with the
group. She and her boyfriend had not engaged in bondage and discipline but Rosie
thought she was ripe for the experience.

     Charles had a single man in the office. Bill had a passing acquaintance with
him but had never considered that he might be right for the group. It wasn't that Bill
felt he was unsuitable, he just didn't know the man well enough to have an opinion
one way or the other. He was just a little leery of having another co-worker involved.
He had chosen Charles because he knew how discreet he was and thought his
manner and personality fit with them perfectly.

     Kim and Angela had a young girl in mind. She was in Kim's class and a
year behind Angela in school but known to both girls. They described her as pretty, well
developed, very interested in sex, but possibly a virgin. They also knew that she was
regularly beaten at home by her step father who she was sure was building toward
having sex with her. The girls said that Amy had talked about being whipped by her
step father. She was afraid of him but also a bit excited at the possibility of him
fucking her.

     Jimmy had a friend who he was sure would jump at the chance to have sex
with all the women in the group. He was smart, a straight "A" student, and athletic.
Jimmy thought he could be counted on to be discreet, but, when pressed, admitted he
didn't really know the guy well enough to vouch for him.

     Jean and Mike offered Julia and Jim. They were neighbors that Bill and Connie
knew and Rosie was acquainted with, as well. Jean and Mike admitted having done
some swapping with the couple, although it was all straight sex. Jim was reserved,
letting Julia take the lead. Jean thought that Julia would be more than willing to try
some kinkier things and that Jim would come along for the ride. 

     Connie surprised Bill by suggesting a friend of hers from work.   Natalie was a
single teacher. She was Spanish, with the characteristic coal black hair and eyes and
dark skin. Connie described her body as exquisite. She was on the petite side, but
with a full ass and firm rounded thighs. She kept herself in good shape by running and
working out. 

     They had started talking after Natalie had caught Connie in the bathroom.
Connie had her skirt up and was adjusting her blouse and pantyhose when Natalie
walked in unexpectedly. It was a day or two after a club meeting and Connie still had
some stripes on her ass and thighs. Natalie had seen them before Connie had a
chance to drop her skirt.

     "Looks like you and your husband got a little carried away," Natalie remarked,
casually. When Connie didn't answer, she continued, "My boyfriend liked to spank me
before we had sex. I got to the point that I really enjoyed it, especially when he started
tying me up so I couldn't squirm too much. The day that he moved was one of the
saddest days of my life."

     Connie told them that she and Natalie had been talking about things for the last
several months. Natalie had even confessed that she had tried to make some of her
dates dominate and spank her but it had just never worked out. They all seemed too
shy and uncomfortable with the situation or were afraid to really lay into her so she
wound up frustrated and wishing they would just go away. Natalie was already a
player and was a teacher so had to be discreet. They all agreed that she should be
the first person interviewed.

     Of all the choices Bill felt Natalie was the most likely, with Leigh Ann in second
place. They could always fall back on Jim and Julia if neither of the other two worked
out. He was afraid of Jimmy's friend and didn't want to be involved with a young girl
who might be entering an incestuous relationship with her step father. That seemed
too fraught with danger to suit him. The group agreed with his line of thinking and
urged him to follow up as quickly as possible.

     Connie agreed to talk with Natalie at school. She would feel Natalie out to see
if it was the experience she missed or the relationship with her boyfriend.  Rosie was
to do the same with Leigh Ann. If either of them got a favorable response, a meeting
would be set for the middle of the week. If it happened that both were successful, Bill
saw no reason to exclude either, although they would then be somewhat overbalanced
toward the female submissive side again. They all agreed this was a problem that
could easily be addressed after the cruise and would be no real cause for concern.

     It was Tuesday before Connie found the opportunity to speak with Natalie
alone. She was careful but direct. "Natalie, we've been talking about sex practically all
this year, and especially how we like some special things. Would you like a chance to
experience those feelings again with someone who knows what they are doing and
will take you as far as you want to go and maybe a little beyond?"

     The conversation obviously upset Natalie. She sat without speaking, staring off
into space for several minutes. Connie thought she had made a mistake and was
about to apologize when Natalie finally responded. "I'm sorry, Connie. I was lost there
for a moment. You can't believe how often I've tried to get up enough courage to ask
you if you knew anyone who might be willing to dominate me. I want it so badly, and
our talks have made matters worse. It's almost all I think about anymore.  Now that
you are offering, I'm almost too afraid to accept. I would be so embarrassed if I didn't
live up to expectations."

     "Don't be silly Natalie." Connie interjected. "There are no expectations. This is
something we do for fun and because it turns sex into something that is unreal. If you
want, I'll introduce you to the most accomplished Master I know, my husband. He will
take you where you are and go as slow or as fast as you want. If you want your limits
pushed, he will push you. If you are happy and satisfied with where you are, then he
will stay within those limits."

     Now that she had Natalie's full attention, Connie continued. "The only warning I
need to give you is that he is a true Master and he will expect you to be a true slave.
You will do what he wants, when he wants, and that includes sex in every form that
you can possibly imagine. In return, he will give you what you want. If you want to be
humiliated, he will do it. Do you want to be turned into a slut and a whore? He will
make you behave that way. Does exhibitionism turn you on? He will make sure
that you are shown off and exposed in public. You've already seen what he can do
with a whip, and I personally can assure you that he knows how to use many
different devices to get your juices flowing."

     "Oh Connie. That sounds so wonderful! It's a dream come true. I guess
I'm just not sure that I can do it. It's hard when you know it is not a real
relationship but is just for sex."

     "I'm not trying to push you. It is your decision. Just let me know if you want to
meet for an introductory session. You can see if he is what you are looking for and he
can see if you are acceptable as a slave in his stables. And, who knows.  Before it is
over, there may be a relationship there for you. If there is, at least you will know that it
will be one that you want and one that will keep you happy for years to  come."

     "Everything you are saying makes sense and my heart is pounding just thinking
about it. When do you have to know? I need some time to think it over."

     Connie told her reassuringly, "You take as much time you need. He will meet
with you when you are ready. I wouldn't want you to even think about entering into
something like this unless you are very sure it is something you really want."

     She left without knowing whether Natalie would take her up on her offer. She
thought it was likely, but also knew that the girl was torn between her desires and her
morals. Through their talks Connie had discovered that Natalie was a good Catholic
and having sex just for fun was a big step for her. She could justify it when it was for
love, but even that had given her trouble when she was younger.

     Connie was pleased when Natalie stopped by her room after classes. The
young teacher told her she had thought of nothing else all day. Lowering her voice,
she confided that she had taken her panties off at lunch because they were soaked
through! That was what finally helped her make up her mind. Finally, she decided that
if just thinking about it turned her on this much, then she owed it to herself to meet at
least once, if only to find out if it really was this exciting or was just something she
had blown out of proportion in her mind. Her mind made up, she pressed
Connie for a quick meeting. 

     Shyly, Natalie asked Connie if the interview would be just answering questions
and talking or if Bill would actually do some things to her. "Oh, rest assured, if Bill
decides that you are a likely candidate he will want to get things rolling as soon as
possible, and that means tomorrow night! If I know him, you will be given one or two
chances to change your mind and back out. If you decide to carry on, then he will
start things immediately."

     "There's no chance of me backing out now. I have my mind made up and I'm
going to see it through, at least for a while. I like being made to do things, sexually I
mean, and I like being spanked. Do you think he will do those things to me?" she
asked in a small voice.

     "Natalie, once my husband sees your tight little body and wonderful ass, I can
guarantee you that the first thing he will want to do is to strip you naked and spank
you until you cry. After that, I'm not sure what he'll do, but I'll bet you love it."
 
     Connie laughed as Natalie shifted back and forth in her chair, noticeably
excited, then said, "is tomorrow evening soon enough for you? Come home with me
after school. We'll have drinks and some supper then you can have your interview with
Bill. You'll be home by midnight, or you may decide to stay the night. You'd better
bring a change of clothes just in case."

     Natalie was too excited to sleep well that night. She kept seeing visions of
herself, naked and in bondage, whenever she closed her eyes. Her mind spun as she
fantasized scene after scene of being forced into all kinds of bizarre sexual situations
while Bill stood over her with a whip in his hand, lashing out at her quivering, naked
body every time she hesitated or refused a request. When morning came Natalie
should have been exhausted. Instead, she found herself curiously charged and ready
for the day. The adrenaline rushed through her, overcoming her lack of sleep and
keeping her agitated for the events of the evening. The final school bell
would come none too soon for the horny teacher.

     By the time Bill arrived home at 5:00, Connie and Natalie were well into their
second drink. Unused to alcohol, Natalie was already feeling calm and relaxed. Their
conversation had kept her nervously excited about the evening she was about to experience.

     Bill didn't make her wait too long before starting things. He fixed himself a drink
and freshened theirs. Handing Natalie hers, he grabbed her outstretched hand and
pulled her to her feet. Taking her place on the couch with Connie, he said, "turn
around. Let me see what you have to offer."

     Natalie flushed, turning beet red at being openly ogled by the couple.
Hesitantly, she turned slowly, trying not to spill the full glass in her hand. 

     "Very nice," Bill mused. "You certainly seem to have all the right things in all
the right places." He and Connie then launched into a conversation that left the young
teacher red-faced and humiliated as they discussed her body as if she couldn't hear
every word they said. Although mortified, she was secretly delighted while she listened
to her tits, ass, and legs being referenced in such glowing terms. She was proud that
she had apparently been found so desirable.

     Natalie could barely eat the dinner that Connie had prepared. Bill kept asking
embarrassing questions which caused her face to burn with shame. It was even more
unnerving when he would turn to Connie and scrutinize her answers. The worst of it
was that he seemed to know exactly what she was really thinking, no matter how she
tried to conceal her true thoughts and feelings.

     When he asked which she enjoyed more, pain or sex, she answered that the
pain made her hot so the sex seemed more intense and, therefore, more enjoyable.
Turning to Connie, he said, with a grin, "she's guessing and hoping that what she's
saying is true. I'll bet she has never even experienced any real pain in a sexual
situation. What has she done, just let her boyfriend spank her ass a few times?"

     It was true. How had he known? Natalie had told the truth, though.
When she had been spanked, her hot ass had made her pussy turn liquid with a fire
she had never before known. When they fucked she came harder  than she had thought
was possible.

     The dishes had been cleared and they were having after dinner drinks when Bill
asked her the question she had been expecting and had wondered how she would
answer when it came. "What do you want, Natalie, and just what is it that you expect
from me?"

     Taking her time and trying to clear her head from all the alcohol, Natalie
answered as truthfully as she could. "I know how much I liked it when I was tied and
spanked and it made me wonder if more stringent bondage and harsher punishment
wouldn't make the sex even better. I have seen the marks on Connie and I know that
she not only took them willingly but asked for them. She has told me about orgasms
that last for five or ten minutes, reaching a level so intense that she finally passed out.
I want to experience that, no matter what I have to suffer to get there. As for what I
expect from you, I'm not sure. I think I want you to take control of me sexually. Make
me do the things I don't have the courage to do on my own and force me into enjoying
my body and the pleasure it can bring me."

     Bill and Connie both smiled. It was a perfect answer and they were
sure that Natalie was going to be a great addition to their club.

      "If that's really the way you feel, and you're sure you don't want to change your
mind, I'm ready to begin our first session" Bill said. "Stand up and remove all your
clothes. I want you completely naked so I can see your gorgeous body."
     Natalie swallowed hard, but rose to obey his command. "Please give me the
nerve and the strength to do this" she silently prayed. She unbuttoned her blouse and
dropped it to the floor. As quickly as possible, as if wanting to get itover with before
her courage failed, she stripped off her bra, skirt, and panties and stood completely
nude before the couple.  Her nipples hardened, both from finding themselves free of
their confinement and from the excitement of the situation.

     Bill sucked in his breath sharply at the awesome sight before him.  This girl was
a true beauty. Her breasts were pear-shaped and stuck straight out from her chest
with no visible sag. She had an extremely small waist that flared to wide hips and
tapered to very full but firm thighs. Her coal black hair framed the Roman features of
her face and was matched with a full bush that almost covered her soft triangle. 

     Natalie's nipples drew their attention as Connie and Bill admired the nude figure
before them. The areolae were large, covering almost the entire ends of her tits. 
Natalie's excitement had made them puffy so that they stood up from the rest of her
breasts and had turned a dark magenta color. The nipples themselves stood out
proudly from the center of each tit and quivered with excitement and anticipation. Each
was at least a half inch long already. The couple knew they would grow another half
inch at least when stimulated.

     Being naked and exposed like this made Natalie uncomfortable, but it was also
very exciting. Bill ordered the young girl to strike different poses for the next few
minutes. Each pose was designed to be more lewd and humiliating than the last. He
finished phase one by having her kneel right in front of the couch where he and
Connie sat. Natalie was ordered to take her tits in her hands and squeeze them hard,
making the nipples pop out even farther, then offer them to be licked and sucked by
the older couple.

     It was all Natalie could stand. When Bill's mouth closed over her left nipple
while Connie mouthed her right one, the young teacher threw her head back and
moaned openly. She felt her pussy get damp. A flutter started deep in the pit of her
stomach. Natalie enjoyed being used and humiliated like this. It was turning her on.

     Sensing that the time was right to move to the next step, Bill placed Natalie on
the couch between them. While he selected a few of their videos to view Connie
managed to remove her clothes, leaving Bill the only one dressed. He quickly stripped
off all but his briefs before taking his place on the couch.

     Natalie sat between the older couple as they watched scene after scene of
bizarre bondage and discipline videos featuring Connie and several other ladies that
Natalie did not know. Later, she remembered being struck by how young some of the
women looked but it did not seem to matter at the time. The girl was entranced and
enthralled by what she was watching. The fact that the three of them were watching
these videos in the nude, and Bill and Connie kept their hands busy on her tits, thighs,
and pussy helped to keep Natalie's lust and desire at a peak.

     By the time the videos were over Natalie knew that she had to experience what
she had just seen. She had seen the looks in the girls eyes while they were being
whipped and she wanted to experience that ecstasy for herself. She watched with her
mouth agape while they jerked their way through powerful orgasms that were often
induced only by pain. Natalie was as horny as she could ever remember and was
ready for some action.

     Bill did not disappoint her. While the last tape was rewinding, he had Connie
retrieve a few whips and paddles from the downstairs "playroom." They had already
decided that it was too soon to introduce the young teacher to the dungeon and all the
toys on display there. This first session would be light, consisting mostly of humiliation,
light paddling and whipping, and lots of sex. They wanted Natalie to thoroughly enjoy
the evening and not have to overcome any fears about what was happening to her. 

     They had ropes, nipple clamps, and cuffs ready if some bondage was called
for. Of course, Connie had an awesome array of dildos and butt plugs in the drawer
beside the bed if they were needed.

     Natalie eyed the paddles and whips in Connie's hands hungrily. She and her
friend had talked about it all this year. She had finally committed to giving it a try, and
had just watched almost an hour's worth of videos. Natalie was hot and ready! Her
ass itched, her pussy was wet, and her nipples ached from being hard for so long. Not
knowing what to do or how to proceed, she waited for Bill to give her a clue.

     "Natalie, it is time to begin. This is your last chance to back out. Once I put this
collar around your neck you will become my slave for the rest of the evening. You will
do anything I ask and will be punished for not obeying quickly enough or refusing to
do something. If you don't please me with your efforts, I will punish you and make you
try it again. This will continue until I am satisfied. My only promise to you is that I will
not send you home with any marks that will last longer than a few days .  Whenever
you sit tomorrow, you will be reminded of what we did here tonight. I expect you to
phone me and tell me how it affected you at work. Come kneel at my feet and
let me make you my slave with this collar, or say goodnight and go home now." 

     His voice was so authoritative it frightened the young girl, but she had no desire
to leave. Indeed, she scrambled off the couch and crawled on all fours to kneel at his
feet and offer her slender neck for the collar. She wanted to be his slave, at least for
the rest of this evening and nothing he could have done or said would have persuaded her otherwise.

     Once the collar was securely in place Bill said "I am going to make this as fair
as I can. Connie will select the whips, paddles, and any other equipment to be used
on you. I wouldn't want you to get the idea that she is being unusually cruel, so I will
demonstrate her selections on her before using them on you. Since she is more
accustomed to the pain, she will have to take twice the punishment I intend
to give you."

     Natalie's eyes lit up. She was going to get a bonus! Not only would she get to
try out the bondage and discipline scene for herself, she would get to see her friend
undergo the same thing first. Watching the videos had heated her up beyond words,
now she was going to get to see some of it firsthand!

     Connie was well aware that this session was for Natalie so she chose the
devices with that thought in mind. She selected paddles that would give maximum
noise and coverage but very little real pain. The whips she picked would sting but not
break the skin. She avoided the nipple and pussy clamps that screwed tight and opted
for the Japanese sewing clamps instead. These would tighten when pulled but were
not terribly painful when first applied.

     Bill saw immediately what his wife was doing and smiled his approval.  When he
used these things on Connie, he could really put some effort into, making sure that
Connie enjoyed herself and that Natalie was properly filled with fear and apprehension. 

     Addressing his wife, Bill barked "Bring me the paddle." Connie jumped from the
couch, obeying without hesitation. She stood in the center of the room with a rubber
covered ping-pong paddle in her hand. With her eyes downcast, she meekly offered
the paddle to her husband. "Please, Sir. I have been a bad girl and I need to be
punished" she stammered.

     His eyes shining, Bill asked, "And what have you done that makes you think
you deserve this punishment?" Connie thought briefly before answering. "I have
brought Natalie here because I knew it would please you to introduce her to the joys
of pleasure through pain. Selfishly, I knew that I would also benefit by being allowed to
watch and participate."

     "Come here" he commanded. "Lay across my lap and offer your ass to the
paddle. Since you wanted to participate, I will show Natalie the effects of this paddle
by giving you twenty hard swats to the ass."

     Natalie jumped and gasped when the sound of the first cut echoed through the
room. It sounded like a shot from a small rifle. Connie's left ass cheek blushed into a
deep pink color and a moan escaped the older woman's lips. Natalie was not 
experienced enough to realize that Connie's moan was one of pleasure, not pain.
Connie loved the feeling of the paddle flattening her ass cheek and the quick flush of
warmth that followed the sharp jab of pain. This pain was not the lingering type and
vanished almost as quickly as it came leaving only the heat and an itching sensation. 

     From experience, Connie knew that both the heat and the itching would build
as the paddling continued. They would finally reach a maddening stage that pushed
some women over the edge into an orgasm. Connie had not had that happen to her in
a long while and now required much more stimulation to make her cum. For many
women this might be the whole game, but for Connie it was merely a mild form of foreplay.

     By the time Bill had finished giving his wife twenty swats with the paddle her
ass was bright red. The last few swats had brought tears to her eyes and Connie was
crying softly while noticeably shifting back and forth on her husband's lap. When
Natalie took her position on Bill's lap she would realize that Connie's wiggling was not
so much because her ass hurt but more because his hard cock jutted up and rubbed
against her pussy!

     Bill dumped Connie on the floor unceremoniously and motioned for Natalie to
take her place across his lap. Natalie eyed his cock as she shuffled over to him. The
head was large and bulbous. It glistened both from his own pre-cum and Connie's
cunt juice. When Natalie positioned herself, she felt the spongy glans pressing against
her slick pussy lips. A shiver ran up her spine. She didn't know if it was from
anticipation of the spanking or the electric contact of his cock against her cunt.

     The first swat landed flush against both her ample ass cheeks and Natalie
couldn't suppress the moan that escaped her lips. Her ass warmed immediately and
she felt a rush of juice seep into her tunnel and overflow onto Bill's cock. The
lubrication made her short, jabbing movements engulf the head of his cock
between her swelling cuntal lips sending flashes of pure pleasure to her sensors.

     By the fifth and sixth swat she was definitely in heat and was aggressively
humping against the growing piece of male manhood that was now more than halfway
ensconced in her tight love canal. She found that by shifting her weight just right she
could rub her clit against his stiff cock, sending sparks of electricity through her entire
body. The heat in her ass enhanced the feeling. The impact of the paddle distracted
her for a moment but she found that the effect rushed back almost immediately at an
even higher level than before. When he reached ten, Natalie was disappointed. She
would have liked her paddling to have gone on much longer. She was already
climbing the pinnacle to her first orgasm and felt that just a few more swats with the
paddle would have put her over the top.

     The next item Connie selected was a rubber stranded whip. It was a smaller
and less viscous cousin to the cat'o'nine tails that was once so feared by seamen.
This one would sting but would not cut the skin or leave deep welts. The pain was
stronger than the paddle but evaporated almost as quickly.

     Connie stood facing Natalie while Bill circled her, lashing out at her body with
the whip when she least expected it. Each time the whip snapped against her skin she
cried out softly and trembled, showing the expectant victim that there was pain. Even
so, Natalie noticed the way Connie's eyes shone through her tears and noticed how
she drew herself up to her full height between blows, pushing her body out as if
embracing the whip. 
     
     Bill ended by bending Connie backward by pulling on her hair, making her
stomach stretch tautly. He lashed furiously at the stretched skin and soft tits. Connie
shuddered and sank to the floor when he was done. Her hands pawed at her abused
tits trying to rub the pain out of them while writhing on the floor in anguish. Natalie
could see her swollen, distended nipples and her puffy cunt lips and the juice that
flowed from them. It betrayed how turned on and excited the woman was.

     When it was her turn Natalie was afraid but excited. The first sting of the whip
quelled all her fears. Bill hit her across her front, catching her tits and her stomach.
Webs of fire sprang up where the rubber fingers snapped into her tan skin, but they
were far overshadowed by the intense heat that rose in her pussy. The young teacher
felt her nipples stiffen and reach out for another kiss of the whip. She wanted it to land
there. Bill granted her wish and snapped the whip across both tits, bringing a gasp of
pain from the tortured girl but also causing her to scream for the first time. 

     "Yes!" She panted. "Do it there! I love it when you whip my titties!"  To
punctuate her cries she grabbed the base of both tits and squeezed, offering a clear
shot at her hard, exposed nipples. Bill acknowledged the gesture by bringing the whip
crashing down again, this time with more force.

     Natalie froze as the pain raced from nipple to nipple, consuming her entire tits.
Her mouth was slack and her eyes glazed over momentarily. Bill could see that she
was cumming, perhaps her first time ever under the whip, and allowed her time to
work her way through the overwhelming sensation. 

     Natalie's knees went weak. She almost fell while she shook her way through
the most intense orgasm she had ever experienced. Before she had entirely
recovered, he had moved behind her and was lashing her back, her ass, and
the backs of her thighs. Natalie shrieked. It was not because of the pain, which was
considerable, but because the whip fanned her fires higher and sent her crashing into
another amazing cum. Her body betrayed her and she crumpled to the floor.

     Her eyes, softened by tears and pain, fixed on the man holding the object of
her agony and ecstasy. "Thank you." She whispered. "Please don't stop. I want you to
do more. Hurt me and make me do dirty things with you and Connie. Make me
your slave and your slut."

     Bill and Connie smiled at each other. They knew they had another
convert and a club member to fill out the cruise.




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club 2
                                CHAPTER 12

     The flight had been a good one and the club members arrived at Beef Island in
the British Virgin Islands on time and with all their luggage. The bus was waiting to
take them to Tortola where they would meet with their Captain and load their gear
onto the boat. Excitement was running high as they all anticipated ten glorious days of
sun, fun, and sex in the Islands.

     They were not disappointed when they arrived at the dock and saw the yacht
that would be theirs for the next two weeks. It was sixty feet from stem to stern and
was rigged as a  three-masted schooner. Below, there were three staterooms and a
forepeak with four bunk beds. This did not include the accommodations for the
Captain and his wife. It was quickly decided that Bill and Connie would occupy one
cabin, Mike and Tracy another, while Charles and Rosie took the third. This left
Natalie and the teenagers to choose among the bunk beds forward.

     The group stowed their gear then went off to explore the town while Tracy and
Michael finished preparing the yacht for the cruise. The group was told to be back at
the dock by 4:00 P.M. They would sail to their first anchorage in time to have cocktails
and watch the sunset. Dinner would be around 8:00 P.M. with a group meeting
afterward to set the ground rules for the cruise and discuss the agenda.

     Although the town was interesting, the group was back at the dock early,
anxious to set off on their adventure. They sat around on deck, trying to stay out of
the way as Michael and Tracy scurried around, carrying provisions, loading snorkeling
equipment, and making last minute checks to see that all electronic equipment was
functioning properly. 

     Promptly at 4:00, Tracy cast off the lines and Michael eased the large craft from
the dock. In less than thirty minutes they had cleared the breakwater and set the sails,
bound for Norman Island.

     The guys in the group admired Tracy while she worked. She wore a tiny red
bikini that showed off all her assets, which were considerable. Small triangles of the
bra barely covered the nipples of her large breasts, which were darkly tanned, making
them all sure that she had spent a lot of time in the sun while completely topless. Her
ass was firm, hardly jiggling while she moved about her various chores. 

     Tracy's thighs captured Bill's attention. They were perfect, full but firm, and just
parting slightly at the juncture of her crotch. Even her mound was visible as it
protruded from the front of the thin material of her bathing suit. Muscular calves and a
hard, flat stomach completed the picture. Tracy was tanned a deep cinnamon color
which accented her flowing blond hair beautifully. She was a beautiful woman who
carried herself well and seemed totally comfortable with all the leering and ogling that
the guys were doing. She talked and joked with them when she had time.

     The ladies were not being left out. Michael was also getting the once over by all
the female club members. He and Tracy were a matched set. Both were blond , richly
tanned, and had bodies that looked as though they were chiseled out of granite. The
bulge at the front of Michael's bathing suit held great promise for the girls whose
mouths were beginning to water at the sight of him.

     It had never been made completely clear if Michael and Tracy would participate
in the fun and games with the group or would just be spectators. After seeing the
couple, everyone hoped they would want to join them. 

     The cocktail hour introduced the group to an exotic Island drink called a
"Painkiller." It was a drink that appeared, Michael explained, to appease the tourists in
the early days before most of the islands had electricity. Visitors came to the Islands
expecting Pina Coladas and Daiquiris which required blenders. The "Painkiller" was a
mixture of coconut milk, orange juice and dark rum with nutmeg and cinnamon floating
on the top. Served over ice, it was a suitable substitute and, being extremely potent,
satisfied most customers.

     Tracy's dinner consisted of grilled lobster tails, rice pilaf, and a green salad.
Local fresh fruit served as dessert. Stuffed and a little woozy from the drinks, the
group settled in the cockpit for the meeting. Captain Michael soon dispelled the doubts
anyone may have had about how the cruise was going to progress.

     "I run a tight ship" he began. "There is only one Captain and what I say is to be
considered law, especially when we are moving. All matters pertaining to the boat fall
under my jurisdiction will not be open to discussion. Once the anchor is down or the
mooring is picked up that will relax a bit. Tonight, we will try to arrive at how that part
of the cruise should be handled to make it as enjoyable as possible for all of you. I
should tell you that we charter captains have a flag we run up when anchored if we
don't want to be disturbed. It warns all the other boats to give us plenty of room and
that we are not open for drop-in visitors. I know many secluded anchorages where we
can be assured that we will be alone. You tell me if you want to stay in the more
secluded places for maximum privacy or if you prefer to visit the more popular places
where we will almost certainly share the anchorage with several other boats."

     "Captain" Bill interjected. "As the leader of this group, I can speak for them. We
have discussed this and have decided that it will be most exciting if we just put
ourselves totally in your hands and under your control from now until the end of the
cruise. I have given you a run down on all of us and what we prefer. How you put this
information to use is entirely up to you. From this moment on we are yours to command."

     Michael smiled. This was the way these cruises worked best. It allowed him the
freedom to structure things as he wished and usually provided the guests with the
excitement and uncertainty to make the vacation a memorable one. Having been
given the green light, he was ready to proceed.

     "Well then," he said, "let's turn this boat into a pirate ship. I will be the Captain
and Bill will serve as my First Mate. Jimmy and Charles will be the crew.  All pirate
ships had a cabin boy to do all the dirty work and serve as a whipping boy for the
others. I think Mike will fill this role beautifully. The ladies are all captives who will be
sold into slavery when we reach port. Our job will be to make sure they are all
properly trained to fetch the highest price when they are finally put on the trading block."

     Everyone murmured their approval of Michael's plan. It sounded very exciting to
them and made plenty of allowances for variety and creativity. The women were
especially pleased with the idea of being captured slaves for the remainder of the
cruise. They each formed mental images of what the pirates would make them do and
how they might be punished if they failed to please the Captain or crew. 

     Michael produced lined wrist cuffs and handed them to the men. "I think the
first thing we should do is examine our prizes thoroughly" he said. Reaching for the
nearest lady, which happened to be Natalie, he pulled her to her feet and fastened a
cuff around one wrist. Raising her arms above her head, he tossed the other cuff over
the boom before securing it to her free wrist. When he was done, Natalie stood on the
cockpit floor with her arms stretched above her head. 

     Once Michael had demonstrated what he wanted, the other men followed his
lead. Natalie, Jean, Connie, Angela, Rosie, Kim, and Tracy were lined up from one
end the cockpit to the other. Kim, being the shortest, was standing on her tiptoes,
barely touching the cockpit floor. Explaining that a sailboat offered some unusual and
unique opportunities for bondage, Michael moved to the mast and cranked on a winch.
The ladies found themselves being slowly lifted upward. In just a few turns of the
winch handle the boom had been raised enough so that all the ladies were gently
swinging, suspended by their manacles and unable to touch the cockpit sole. 

     Moving down the line, Michael removed the bathing suit tops from each lady.
He took the opportunity to massage their tits and tweak their nipples so that by the
time he reached the end of the line there were seven sets of firm breasts and stiff
nipples. Their suspended position accentuated the curve of their breasts and took out
most of the sag, although all the women were in good shape and had very little sag to
contend with anyway. 

     Making his choice, Michael returned to Rosie. Her huge boobs with their
obvious sensitivity fascinated him. With a sweep of his arm he indicated that the other
men should also choose a "captive." 

     Bill went immediately to Tracy and filled his hands with her ample bosom. He
dug his fingertips into the base of her tits, loving the way her flesh oozed out between
his fingers. Tracy threw her head back and sighed noisily. She loved having her tits
manhandled. The rougher it was done the better she liked it, and Bill was doing a
masterful job. She moaned when he rolled her hard nipples between his thumb and
forefinger, the moan rising in volume and pitch as he gradually applied more pressure.
"Yesssss!" She hissed when he crushed both her nubbins, making sure he dug his
fingernails into the tortured flesh. "Hurt them! I love to have my nipples punished!"
Tracy panted ecstatically.

     Jimmy had chosen Natalie, drawn to her by her dark brown skin and large,
purple areolae. Being suspended and on display had already turned Natalie on and
the boy's attention to her tits and nipples was driving her mad. She could feel her
pussy juice already collecting in her velvet well ready to spill out and run down her
thighs, much to her shame and embarrassment.

     Mike and Charles selected the two youngest girls, leaving Connie and Jean
hanging alone and frustrated that they were being left out. Their disappointment was
short lived, however, because Bill and Michael soon finished with Tracy and Rosie and
moved over to fill the void.

     Connie knew she was going to enjoy this cruise the moment her feet had left
the cockpit sole. She loved being suspended. It made her entire body so aware and
alive. When Michael started working on her tits any doubts she might have harbored
were dispelled. His hands were strong and he was not afraid to use that strength. He
kneaded her tits like they were stiff bread dough and twirled her nipples all the way
around, making them stand out even farther with arousal. Grasping both nipples
between his thumbs and fingertips, he gently pulled her toward him. When she was as
far forward as she could go he relaxed his arms keeping a tight grip on her turgid
nipples. Connie swung in a backward arc, only realizing what was going to happen at
the last second. When she reached the end of his outstretched arms she continued
her backward swing but he still had her nipples trapped between his fingers. Her tits
were pulled out, elongated like rubber bands, with the pressure centered on
her sensitive tips. She glanced down and saw her nipples stretching grotesquely. Sharp
pain darted from her tits and shot all the way up her arms then raced down her body
right into her soaking cunt. "Yes" she thought to herself as she moaned in pain, "this
is going to be a wonderful vacation."

     Bill chose a different style with Jean. He had moved beside her and was gently
patting her tits, moving from one to the other. The pats escalated to mild slaps and
Jean's tits took on a pink glow. Soon he was spanking her tits in earnest; the loud
crack of his hand meeting her flesh bringing cries of anguish from the abused woman.
His last two slaps, flush into the middle of her tits, brought Jean to the edge of orgasm
and would have pushed her over if he hadn't immediately gripped both her nipples
tightly and crushed them between his fingers. The sharp stabbing pain took her mind
off her impending cum and left her seething. Her tits burned from the spanking and
her pussy echoed the heat, as thick juice spilled out and ran down the smooth inside
part of her thighs.

     Michael tossed another pair of manacles to Bill and told him to fix Mike's hands
behind his back. While Bill complied, Michael explained the next diversion.   Without the
use of his hands, Mike would satisfy each lady orally. His job would be to make each
woman cum as quickly as possible. Jimmy was given a stopwatch and instructed to
time Mike when he began. After one minute, if the lady hadn't yet cum, Mike would
receive one stroke of the whip every fifteen seconds until he forced an orgasm from
the girl. After orgasm, the ladies' time would be recorded and the girl with the shortest
time to orgasm would be punished severely. This gave everyone a goal. Mike would
have to try his hardest to make them cum, while each lady would do her best to hold
off as long as possible.

     Jimmy went down the line first, removing their bikini bottoms. Mike followed, 
making each girl cum. By the time he was finished he had suffered several cuts of the
whip. His back and ass were streaked with red welts although his stiff cock was proof
that he was not disappointed with the outcome.

     It terrified Jean when she heard about the game. She knew that she was still
hovering on the brink of cumming and if Mike had started with her she was sure she
would lose. She felt relieved when he began at the other end of the line.  What she
hadn't counted on was how exciting it was to hear all the others shriek in ecstasy
while her husband skillfully sucked and licked their wet cunts. Jean had taught him
well over the years and she knew he could make a woman cum almost at will.  Jean
guessed, correctly, that he was purposely holding back with some girls just so he
would be whipped. She also knew that he had probably already chosen which girl he
would try to push into cumming quickly so that she would become the next victim. 

     Mike moved in front of her and flashed her a wicked grin. Jean knew that he
had chosen her. Her worst fears were realized. Natalie, being the newest member and
the most unused to this kind of stimulation, had cum quickly. She shivered through her
orgasm in just thirty-five seconds. Connie had made Mike suffer several agonizing
cuts of the whip as she lasted a little over two minutes. The other ladies had fallen
somewhere between. Only Angela and Kim had cum under the proscribed time
limit, saving Mike's ass from the whip. Rosie and Tracy had both managed to
survive well into the second minute of cunt lapping.

     Mike eased forward, trapping his wife's clit between his teeth. He bit softly, right
at the base and lashed at the tip with his tongue. Jean felt her stomach knot when he
started milking her clit with his lips and swirling his tongue all around the exposed
length of her sensitive organ. She was unable to control herself as wave after wave of
intense pleasure washed over her. She came loudly, jerking and shuddering,  as she
swung from the boom. Mike had forced an orgasm from her in twenty-five seconds!

     All the ladies except Jean were released from the boom but were quickly
manacled again, this time with their arms behind them and their ankles fastened
together. Michael stood before Jean, embarrassing her by studying every inch of her
nude body. Finally he spoke. "I believe you are the Dominatrix recently converted to
the other side of the arena. If my information is correct, you enjoyed using a riding
crop on your poor husband's cock and balls, whipping him while forcing him to lick
your pussy until you came. He learned his lessons well and now has placed you in a
serious predicament. Since the crop is your instrument of choice, it will also be the
means to your total submission. Women know how to hurt other women so much
better than men do. I am going to turn you over to the other female members of your
club. They will each give you two strokes with this crop." 

     With that he produced a vicious looking whip that was over three feet long. It
tapered to a thin tip capped with a leather loop. Michael snapped the whip against the
sail that was flaked over the boom. Jean jumped at the cracking sound the  whip made
and shuddered as she imagined it exploding against her bare skin.

     Michael explained his plan to the club members. "Each girl will take two cuts,
trying to land on an unblemished portion of her body. If I feel that one of you is taking
it easy on Jean, I will immediately make you exchange places and double the
punishment. After they are finished, Jean will come to each man and beg him to use
her like a slut. One, she will jack off, taking the jism all over her face. A second, she
will tit-fuck, making sure the cum coats her tits. A third will fuck her face. Any cum that
she doesn't swallow will have to be lapped up from the floor like a dog  Number four
will screw her pussy but will pull out in time to shoot his load all over her pubic hair.
The fifth person will ream her ass and spew his load all over her gorgeous ass
cheeks. If Jean hesitates or fails to please one of you, we will start all over from the
beginning, this time with each lady taking three cuts with the whip."

     Later, Jean would be hard pressed to recount her experience. Each girl had
betrayed their own special affinity for certain parts of the body. Rosie had lashed
savagely at Jean's tits, striping them vividly. Kim concentrated her two cuts on Jean's
alabaster ass, leaving it ribbed with two red welts. Tracy used her turn to burn the
older girl's nipples, leaving them sore and throbbing. Angela and Natalie focused on
her thighs. Angela cut them on the backs, right below the crease of her ass, and
Natalie stroked her inner thighs, one blow to each side, leaving her unable to close
her legs. This set up Connie who finished the whipping by bringing the crop
up right between her legs, searing Jean's delicate cunt lips and clit. 

     Jean came several times during her whipping but was driven almost insane by
Connie's blows. The pain was greater than anything she had ever experienced but
that was far surpassed by the intense pleasure she was feeling. Hot tears blinded
Jean's eyes. Her ears filled with her screams of agony. But her muscles contracted
and locked into place as every nerve in her body exploded with a white-hot release of
energy as she came. As she relaxed from one spasm the pain took over and forced
her into another orgasm even more intense than the preceding one. The other girls
told her later that she spiraled from one cum to another for almost a full five minutes
before her body finally gave up and she passed out from the strain. 

     Jean was dimly aware of the events that happened next. She only knew that
several hours later, when she came out the fog that had enveloped her, she found
herself covered with cum, most of it dried. Her asshole and pussy gaped open, a sure
clue that she had been thoroughly used. Her jaws ached and her tits still bore finger
marks where someone had squeezed them tightly around his cock. She never did find
out who did what to her, but she did know that she was more satisfied than she had
ever been.

     Michael watched most of the proceedings without comment and without joining.
He was impressed by this club. It was easily the most intense group that had ever
taken one of his bondage cruises. The groups who usually chartered his boat
consisted of two or three couples who only played at bondage and flirted with S and
M. They were usually much older, couples who had become jaded and were looking
for something to spice up their flagging sex lives. This group had youth and energy
and were all clearly committed and well schooled in the pleasure/pain facets of sex.
By the end of that first evening he had already decided to offer them a free annual
cruise. They would have to pay their own air fare but he would foot the bill for
everything else. He would consider it his own vacation and he could tell by the
brightness in Tracy's eyes that she would readily agree.

     That first day was the last time any of them wore clothes for the remainder of
the excursion. From then on they sailed in the nude, swam naked, and
lounged
around the deck in the buff. Happy-hour each night signaled the beginning of a new
session that usually lasted far into the night and left them all completely satiated. It
was to their credit and more than a little amazing that, although they went to bed
totally spent and exhausted each night, by the next evening they were all ready to go
again even harder than before.

     After the first couple of days Michael's plan became clear. All of them joined in
each night's activities but there was always one lady who became the focal point for
the evening. Kim drew the honors the second evening and would recall it as the best
night of her life. 

     Michael led the way with Bill assisting. She was slowly and skillfully tortured for
over two hours before they let her explode with her first orgasm. After that she came
almost continuously as she was fucked at least twice by all the men while she was
being licked and sucked by the women. Her mouth, tits, pussy, and asshole were so
used and abused by the end of the evening that she had to stay in bed most of the
next day because she was so sore she couldn't move. Even with all of her experience
she could never remember being so thoroughly satiated by a sex session. When
happy-hour signaled the start of the next day's round, she had to force herself to get
involved, although once the games began she forgot how disinterested she was in
having another orgasm!

     Angela's night was easily the highest point of the young teenager's life and
would remain indelibly etched in her mind forever. Michael didn't tell the girls how the
selection would be made that evening. He ordered them to be suspended 
upside-down from the boom. Clamps were attached to each side of their pussy
lips.  He then ran a short light cord from the clamps to their wrists, which were left hanging
free. Two more clamps were snapped onto their nipples, crossed on either side of her
neck, and similarly attached to their wrists. 

     His plan soon became diabolically clear. If they relaxed their arms to take the
pressure off their nipples, the cords pulled their pussy lips wide open, exposing them
shamelessly. Holding their arms up allowed them to keep their modesty and afforded
their pussy some protection, but pulled cruelly at their nipples!

     The girls were left to hang there for several minutes. Meanwhile, Michael fixed
drinks for the guys and explained the object he would be using. He called it a tawse. It
was a leather strap about six inches long and two inches wide that was feathered at
the end into hundreds of tiny, inch-long fingers. He provided dual sensations, he
explained. In one way it was just like a flexible leather paddle, slapping the target area
and producing a band of mild pain. But the feathered end made it similar to a multi
stranded whip that bit sharply into the skin and produced an intense stinging effect
that seemed to cling to the target area. Tracy had told him that it felt like she was
being stung by hundreds of bees at once and left a maddening itch when the
pain went away. 

     Depending on his aim he could lay the strap along the crease of his victim's
ass and let the feathered end dig into her pussy, or he could go the other way, with
the strap slapping her clit and pussy and the fingers clawing into her asshole. Used on
her tits, he had his choice of strapping her nipples and letting the strands eat into the
surrounding area, or reversing the process and laying the strap on the creamy
underside of her upside-down tit and allowing the feathered end to work its magic on
her nipples. The clamps served to maximize the effect, either laying her pussy wide
open to the strap or its fingers, or stretching her tits down toward her face, exposing
the tender underneath portion to the strap or leather feathers. Whatever she chose,
the victim was in for a stimulating experience.

     Hanging there, each tiny arm movement alternately tugging at their nipples or
spreading their pussies, had already gotten all of the women hot but it seemed to
affect Angela even more than the others. She had always been extremely turned on
with suspension but with the added excitement of pulling her pussy wide open and
exposing herself so totally, she was already close to cumming even before Michael
started using his tawse.

     The first blow landed squarely on her splayed slit. Angela heard the wet sound
and felt droplets of her own juice spray her stomach and thighs before her brain even
registered the pain. As the super intense feeling began to wash over her, the young
cheerleader froze. There was a choking gurgling sound that caught in her throat and
every muscle in her body contracted, turning her already firm figure into taut bands of steel. 

     Angela's pussy was the center of her universe and right now it was providing
her with a myriad of contrasting sensations. It tingled, vibrating as the blood rushed to
the area that was bruised by the tawse. The sensation was similar to the feeling that
ran down your arm when you accidentally hit the "funny bone" in your elbow.
It pulsated, throbbing in time with her heartbeat, alternately contracting and  relaxing as if
trying to draw an invisible cock deep inside itself. The heat Angela felt emanating from
the region was overpowering. She would not have been surprised to have seen flames
flickering up, licking the insides of her damp thighs. And, through it all, it radiated
pleasure so intense she knew she would faint if it continued. The indescribable feeling
fanned out in ever-expanding concentric circles, like pebbles dropped in glassy lake
waters send out tiny ripples, each wavelet pushing the previous one until it finally laps
gently at the opposite shore. 

     Angela was unaware of everyone and everything about her. She only knew
about the tawse, that terrible leather strap that bruised her so cruelly yet unleashed
such wonderful sensations throughout her body. It didn't seem to matter where
Michael aimed or how long it took him to move down the line to the other women and
return to her. Angela came with the first blow and continued in the throes of ecstasy
until the next bite of the tawse sent her spiraling to greater heights of passion and lust.

     Michael had intended to continue strapping the girls until all of them came, but,
after ten strokes apiece, only Angela and Natalie had been forced into an orgasm.
Angela was declared the "winner" and the ladies were released to prepare the
teenager for the rest of the evening.




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club 2
                                CHAPTER 13

     Since she was the star of the evening, Angela was allowed to rest and
recuperate while Michael conferred with the men about the remainder of the session.
Natalie had won a place as the secondary target. She would get the focus of the
activities when Angela was too exhausted to continue, although Michael still had plans
for the young teacher and looked forward to the night when she was chosen as the
central figure in the amusements.

     When Angela had recovered, Michael gave his instructions. Angela was to go
down the line of women who were still hanging upside-down from the boom. Her task
was to lick and suck each of them to orgasm and then release them. While she was
doing that Natalie would suck off each man. The first one to complete their 
assignment would receive the honor of being the first to get fucked by every man
while the loser would be bound to the boom and forced to watch as the orgy
progressed, not allowed to fuck anyone until all the other women had been satisfied.
She would also be available for anyone with an urge to whip someone or use any of
the array of toys that were left conveniently accessible.

     Listening the instructions affected the two girls differently. Natalie was mortified.
Since she had joined the club, her sexual appetite had grown at least a thousand fold.
The thought of having to watch everyone else enjoy themselves would drive her mad.
Natalie remembered the night of her formal initiation into the club. She had been
bound into a chair and made to watch an entire session without participating. When
the evening was over, they made her masturbate for the group. The young teacher
was so hot that she came the instant her fingers touched her pussy and ground
through at least five orgasms before they made her quit. The over excited girl had
spent the entire next day in bed with a dildo, fucking herself almost continuously for
hours. Even that did not satisfy her though. Natalie had remained uptight and nervous
until she was allowed to attend a meeting as a full member. It had taken every man in
the group to finally quench her thirst for sex.

     Angela, on the other hand, had already cum so many times under the strap that
she had lost count. The edge had been taken off her carnal cravings and she was
content to let her voyeuristic tendencies take over. Besides, her submissive side
thrilled at the idea of being on display and available for anyone who had a notion to
use and abuse her for their own pleasure. Angela knew some of these women would
jump at the chance to make sure she suffered and that prospect was even more
thrilling to the young blond than being fucked into delirium.

     Their mind set influenced how the two girls went about their tasks. Natalie
attacked the men with determination, trying her best to draw their cum out of their
balls as fast as possible. Of all the women, Natalie was the least experienced
cocksucker, but she more than compensated for her deficiency with enthusiasm.
Angela took her time, savoring each pussy and mentally comparing one taste
to another before plunging her tongue deep inside and bringing the woman to a
shuddering climax. Even so, the women were so hot from their strapping that
they came like firecrackers while the men seemed able to hold out longer.

     Jimmy and Mike were not much of a challenge. Natalie finished each of
them off in less than two minutes. Charles lasted longer but filled her mouth
with his cream after only four minutes of swirling tongue and hot mouth action. Before
Natalie moved on to Bill she glanced at her competitor and noted that she was comfortably
ahead. Angela had finished with Kim and had just started working on Rosie.

     Bill proved to be more difficult than the first three combined.  Natalie had to call
on all her newly acquired skills before she was finally rewarded with his hot cum in her
mouth. She began, as she had with the others, by staring into his eyes while running
her flattened tongue along the large vein from the base of his stiff cock to the head,
then quickly swirling her thumb around the huge purple glans, coating it with his pre-
cum, before popping the entire heart-shaped tip into her mouth and sucking like a
vacuum cleaner.

     Bill was incredibly turned on by her dark, Spanish eyes and youthful innocence,
and had to fight for control the first couple of minutes. He almost lost it again when
Natalie gripped his slick shaft in one hand and cupped his balls in the other, jacking
him off and gently squeezing his balls while nibbling at the blood-engorged head of his
cock. Bill knew, and Natalie sensed, that the end was near when she formed her lips
into a soft oval, flattened her tongue in her mouth and lowered her head, swallowing
his entire cock. His glans was lodged in the soft tissue at the back of her throat and
her soft guttural moans sent vibrations directly to it. Natalie didn't know it, but she was
performing the classic "deep throat" maneuver while simultaneously treating Bill to
what is often called a "hum job." The sensation was overpowering and, despite his
best efforts to prolong it, Bill felt the cum churning in his jerking balls and begin to
move up the length of his steel shaft.

     Natalie felt the spasms in Bill's balls which were still nestled in the palm of her
hand and noticed the head of his cock swelling even more. It was filling her throat and
would have cut off her air supply, had she not already been breathing through her
nose. Recognizing the signs, Natalie clamped her lips tightly around his shaft and
rippled her tongue along its length, sending Bill over the edge with a groan. Hot cum
spurted into her mouth, making her swallow rapidly to keep it from being forced out
through her nasal passages. The contractions caused by Natalie's animated 
swallowing stimulated Bill's cock even more. Bill couldn't ever remember it happening
before, but, without his cock getting soft, he felt his balls lurch again and another huge
orgasm washed over him. A multiple orgasm! This one was even more powerful than
the first, although the volume of cum was not nearly so great. Now he could see why
the women always went berserk when they were pushed into a string of three or four
cums in succession.

     Glancing over her shoulder, Natalie saw that Angela had fallen behind.  She
was just starting with Connie and still had Tracy to go. If Natalie could make Michael
cum quickly she should win. Sucking all these cocks and tasting their cum had made
her incredibly horny. The young teacher and newest member of the Sex and Torture
Club could think of nothing worse than having to watch the rest of the evening without
participating. Although unaware of it at the time, Michael had little chance of surviving
Natalie's voracious mouth for long. She was on a mission!

     Almost before she got started, Natalie heard Connie shrieking for Angela to
fuck her with her tongue. She could tell that Connie was already very close to
cumming and would soon explode, sending Angela to her last person as well.  

     Michael had forgotten about the contest and was lost in his own reverie. Being
last in line, he had watched Angela and Natalie work their way through every member
of the cruise. By the time it was his turn, his cock was rock hard and coated with the
clear, slick, pre-cum that still flowed out of his prick in a continuous stream. Natalie's
warm, soft mouth had already drawn him much too close to orgasm. He was at that
point where his mind and his body were fighting with each other. One wanted the
wonderful feeling to go on forever while the other wanted to feel the sweet release of
cumming. He might have stayed at that point for some time except that Natalie
remembered a recent conversation with Rosie.

     Stopping what she was doing, she moistened her middle finger. When it was
slick with a mixture of her saliva and his pre-cum, she used it to gently toy with his
brown, puckered asshole. Michael was unaccustomed to this and the sensation almost
made him lose control. Fighting desperately to hold back, he felt her finger penetrate
his tight sphincter, invading his dark tunnel. Natalie made a ring of the thumb and
index finger of her free hand and ran it rapidly up and down Michael's thick pulsing
shaft while she captured just the purple spongy crown of his throbbing cock in her
mouth. At the same time, she continued fucking his ass with her finger,
pushing it into him a little farther with each thrust.

     Michael's hips were pumping wildly, making Natalie's job more difficult. Finally
she drove her finger home, buried all the way up his ass. She left it there for just a
moment to allow his virgin tunnel to acclimate to its assailant then started probing,
moving her finger in small circles, looking for the kernel of his prostate gland. When
she found it and pressed gently, an electric spark shot through Michael's body sending
him careening over the edge into the strongest orgasm he could remember. It seemed
that he pumped gallons of thick hot cum into Natalie's nursing mouth while she
continued massaging him inside his ass and jacking off his cock. He kept cumming for
as long as she continued. Finally, his body could take no more and he slumped
against the cockpit coaming in a stupor.

     Tracy squealed as her orgasm overtook her but it was too late for Angela to win
the contest. The young cheerleader was quickly bound to the boom, unavailable for
sex but deliciously vulnerable for punishment, while the others immersed themselves
in every  possible form of sex and debauchery.

     Tracy and Rosie, both confirmed devotees of breast and nipple torture, wasted
no time in including the poor blond in their games. They each took a small crop and
positioned themselves on either side of the hapless girl. Slowly, and with great
deliberation, they thoroughly whipped Angela's firm tits which brought screams of
pleasure and pain from the bound beauty. When her tits were completely red and hot,
the two older women attacked her aching nipples with their teeth and lips.  Angela's
poor nipples soon took on the same angry color as the rest of her tit flesh and grew to
at least twice their former length. 

     Satisfied that Angela was as focused on her breasts as possible, Tracy and
Rosie simultaneously snapped sewing clamps on each tortured nubbin, bringing wails
of agony from the poor girl. Angela threw her chest from side to side trying to dislodge
the terrible instruments that bit into her tender flesh. This, of course, only served to stir
the passions of the rest of the group, who went back to their orgy with even more energy.

     By the end of the evening there was scarcely an inch of Angela's body that had
not felt a taste of the whip, or crop. When they finally released her, she collapsed onto
the cockpit floor, so weak she was unable to move on her own. She had lost track of
the number of orgasms she had endured. Although she had not been allowed to
partake in the sucking and fucking, every member of the cruise had used her
when they felt the need to hone their flagging appetites. The women, rarely
given the opportunity to indulge their dominant sides, had been especially cruel to
her. And she had loved it! While they were extremely harsh in their punishment, they
were also exquisitely soft and gentle afterwards, and never failed to bring the young
cheerleader to several sceaming orgasms with their mouth and hands. Angela decided
that it was this wide range of sensations and the fact that women knew all  the
"special" spots to bring both maximum pain and exquisite pleasure that made her love being a
slave to a woman.

     Natalie, as the winner, received more than her share of attention that night, but
was a little disappointed after it was all over. She had been fucked in every possible
way by every man there. She had managed to cum many times, but none of them had
been the bone-crushing, earth shattering orgasms that she experienced while being
tortured. Natalie realized that Angela had won after all and could hardly wait for her
turn to be everyone's toy for the evening.

     The next two nights belonged to Rosie and Connie. They were so intense that,
afterward, the crew opted for a day of rest and recuperation since the guys were all
"fucked out" and the ladies were sore and bruised. The day was devoted to
sightseeing, sampling the cuisine ashore, and snorkeling around a few of the
gorgeous reefs. That night, before going to bed, they met in the cockpit for a nightcap
and agreed the respite had done wonders for them and they were ready to continue
the following day. 

     Natalie slept fitfully. She knew that she and Tracy were the only two ladies who
had not yet been selected as the central figure for the evening's entertainment. The
girl was ready for her turn, even craved it, but she was still very afraid of what they
might do to her. She hoped she would not disgrace herself when her time came.

     Over drinks that evening, Michael proposed a simple game of poker, Five-Card
Stud, to determine whether Tracy or Natalie would be the "Chosen One" for the rest of
the evening. Natalie paired up jacks on her third card and that held up through the
remainder of the hand. Winning the hand gave Natalie the honor of choosing her fate
for the evening. She could take her turn now or put it off one more day. It was a
difficult choice. Natalie was ready to serve her turn now, but if she chose to be the last
participant she would spend the whole day as a sex slave to the entire party. It was a
choice of immediate gratification versus the potential for a day she would remember
the rest of her life. The need to experience as much as possible won out and Natalie
chose to wait for the following day. By default, Tracy was the victim for the evening.

     Bill was pleased on both counts. He had been anxiously waiting for a chance at
Tracy and he already had several things in mind that he was sure would bring out the
best in the beautiful blond. She and Michael had both indicated that there would be
few limits when it was Tracy's turn. But he was also pleased that Natalie would be the
last of his group to take her turn as victim. Being the newest member, he had not had
as much time to explore her tendencies and see what it took to unleash the sexual
animal he knew lurked beneath the surface of the hot-blooded Spanish girl. With a full
day at their disposal, he could orchestrate Natalie's session to include the widest
range of experiences.

     Once it was decided that Tracy was the victim for the evening, Michael pulled
Bill aside. "Tracy and I have talked about this night and we have a request to make.
She feels that I take it too easy on her when we play and I have to admit that she
may be right. I just can't seem to bring myself to be as rough as I know she wants me
to be and I feel uncomfortable when I am dominating her. We would consider it a
favor if you would take over tonight and really show her what it takes to be a slave
and how a true Master operates. She has watched you with the others so she is fully
aware of what she is in for and I believe it is something she truly wants to experience.
Earlier this morning she told me that, if chosen, she wanted to go through the whole
thing without a safe word. I have taken her to the edge several times but I don't think
she has ever reached the point where the pain and the humiliation were enough to
satisfy her. We have used it as elaborate foreplay, something to sharpen the senses
in preparation for the fucking that always followed, but the sex has never really been
made into an integral part of the game. When the sex began, the bondage play
always stopped."

      Bill nodded his head, remembering that he had gone through the same thing
with Connie. For that matter, Rosie and Jean had also asked for similar experiences.
Kim had been so totally dominated from the beginning that she obviously felt no need
to ask for more although she frequently urged the guys to spank her harder or tie her
tighter. Angela and Natalie, still new enough to the whole thing, were satisfied with the
way things were, at least for the present. Bill had no doubt that they would eventually
reach the point where they would ask for more just as the others had  

     Calling Tracy over to him he looked deep into her shimmering sea-green eyes.
"Michael has told me what you want but I want to hear it from you. Tell me exactly
what it is that you want me to do tonight."

     Tracy didn't hesitate. Still staring into Bill's eyes, she answered with conviction.
"I want you to take me where you have taken Connie. She loves the pain, craves the
humiliation, and revels in serving as your sex slave and slut. Make the pain do more
for me than just whet my appetite for sex and make my pussy wet. I want it to
consume me. I have never cum just from being whipped or paddled and I want to
experience that at least once. Mike has agreed to confine himself to the others for
tonight and to try to capture as much of my evening on tape as possible. Make me
your slut and slave for the night and force me into doing every filthy and disgusting
thing you can imagine."

     "Where you want to go is at  the end of a very long and sometimes painful
road," Bill said. "We will start the journey now, although I cannot promise that we will
reach our destination in just one day, since that depends mainly upon our starting
point." Looking at Michael, he continued. "I understand that you have turned Tracy
over to me and have agreed to stay out of the proceedings, however, I think the best
way for us to begin is for the two of you to give us all a show. I would like to see what
you do in a typical session. This will accomplish two things. It will give me a better
idea of what Tracy is used to and how much she can take. It will get us all heated up
and into the flow of things. Get our juices flowing, so to speak." He added with a wry grin.

     The group quickly settled around the cockpit while Tracy went below for
Michael's bag of toys and equipment. Natalie, knowing that she was the "Chosen One"
for the next day, took a place on Bill's right, hoping for some preliminary action from
him. Knowing that she was going to watch Tracy suffer awakened Jean's dominant
instincts, so she sat beside Mike and gave his cock and balls a firm squeeze to let
him know that she was in control. This was not lost on Angela who hurried to Jean's
other side, hoping the older woman would see fit to use her as well. Jimmy sat up on
the coaming behind his mother and immediately reached into her bikini bra, filling his
hands with her ample tits and giving her nipples a hard pinch. Connie moaned softly
and pushed her chest forward, letting her son know that she wanted more.  Charles
settled between Rosie and Kim, his cock leaping at the prospect of playing with a
mother-daughter team. 

     After pulling the boom to one side, Michael sat on a stool above the 
companionway. He and Tracy were center-stage and slightly above everyone else, so
there would be no obstructed views. Instinctively and without being told, Tracy lay
across his lap in the classic spanking position. She shivered as her husband slowly
peeled her bikini bottoms down her quivering thighs.

     The first spank was hard, bringing instant color to the woman's white buttock
and a sharp yelp from her lips. "One," she counted aloud, "thank you, Master." 

     By the time Tracy had counted twenty spanks, her ass cheeks were glowing
and tears streamed down her face. Michael paused long enough to rummage through
his bag for a flexible leather paddle. "Now that you're warmed up, let's see how you
like the next twenty with this," he growled, tensed his arm and flattened her half-
moons with a sharp snap of his wrist. The loud crack startled everyone and brought a
bloodcurdling scream from Tracy, who blubbered for several minutes before she was
finally able to count the stroke.

     The next twenty spanks took much longer than the first because Tracy had
such a hard time counting after each blow. Michael directed several cuts to the meaty
portion of her thighs and these drew especially animated gyrations and wails of agony
from the abused blond. 

     Rising from his seated position, Michael unceremoniously dumped his
blubbering wife from his lap. His gruff voice betrayed that he was now fully into his
role as Master. "Stand up and hold your arms over your head," he ordered.  While
Tracy scrambled to her feet and assumed the position, he dipped into the bag once
more, this time selecting a short multi stranded whip. "I know how much you love this,"
he said sarcastically, indicating the device that dangled from his wrist. "This is your
party so you choose. You can have the next ten on your ass and thighs or take them
on your tits."

     Every woman in the group empathized with Tracy. The choice was an awful
one to make. Her tits, yet unmarked, would suffer horribly under the whip, but her ass
and thighs were sore and bruised from the spanking and paddling she had endured.
Being whipped there, on top of her already sensitized skin, would be agonizing. Tracy
didn't think she could take ten lashes from the whip on her backside without breaking
down completely and she didn't want to do that, especially so soon into what promised
to be a long evening of pain and pleasure. Gritting her teeth and trying to steady her
voice, she said, "My tits, Sir. Please whip my breasts, and thank you for allowing me
to choose."

     Almost before she had uttered the words, Michael snapped his wrist, sending
the leather tentacles toward his wife's magnificent tits. Everyone in the boat reacted to
the crack that echoed across the water and the low guttural moan that tore from the
blond victim. Dark red lines appeared instantly, a testament to the strength behind his
first blow. To her credit, Tracy held her position. She kept her hands over her head
and fought off the overwhelming urge to dance around on the cabin top. A careful
observer would have even seen her back straighten and her chest push her out,
welcoming the blows that she knew would follow.

     Michael did not disappoint her or the audience. Nine more quick slashes made
her dissolve into tears and turned her perfect globes into a seething mass of welted,
overheated flesh. Bill gave Michael a nod of admiration. He had used the whip to
perfection. Every square inch of Tracy's tits was crisscrossed with dark red lines, but
there was no evidence of broken skin anywhere. Her nipples were thick and long,
engorged with blood, and at a height of arousal that she had seldom experienced.
Tracy felt the cool, sea breeze wafting over her hot tit-flesh and her highly sensitive
ass and thighs. It felt sensuous and moved her up another step in her climb toward
total depravity.

     The exhibition had its effect on the audience. All the men sported throbbing
erections. Each woman felt a tightness in her chest as her tits hardened and became
aware of the dampness in her crotch as lubrication flooded her pussy. Hands began to
stray to the nearest available body. Women grabbed at the cocks of their partners and
gripped them tightly while the men twirled and pinched nipples and strummed at
emerging clits.

     Even though he was occupied with Natalie, Bill focused on Tracy. He
recognized the glassy look and slack jaw that signified she was on the abyss. A little
push in the right direction and she would go over the edge, spiraling farther down into
the depth of depravity that she craved. Michael had grabbed her by the head and was
forcing his cock down her throat. Bill knew what would happen. The man would cum in
his wife's mouth and then lose interest in the game. She would be left hanging on the
edge, frustrated after having come so far and wanting desperately to go on, but being
denied because her husband couldn't bring himself to abuse or humiliate her beyond
this point.

     Bill knew that it was time to take over. He waited until Michael bellowed,
signaling that he was dumping a hot load of jism down Tracy's rapidly swallowing
throat, then quickly moved to the couple. Nodding toward Natalie, who was pinching
her own nipples and squeezing her clit, he said, "Let's trade places. Natalie could use
some help right now and I have some ideas for this cocksucking slut wife of yours."

     Tracy's eyes flashed as she filled with hope that this time would be different.
She had seen Bill work with the other women in his party and she knew he was
capable of taking her where she desperately wanted to go. She only hoped that she
had the courage and the stamina to go with him.

     What she didn't realize was that, at this point, she had no choice. Once Bill
stepped forward and took control, Tracy became his slave. She was his slut, his
property, and he could, and would, do with her as he wished. There would be no
turning back now, at least until she had gone at least one level deeper into the dark
recesses of her mind where her true desires lay waiting to be brought out, examined,
and explored.

     Bill used wrist cuffs to fasten Tracy's hands behind her back. He then pulled a
short length of rope above her elbows tight enough to make them touch and bring a
whimper from the bound girl. Using a crop, Bill pushed on the back of her head,
forcing her cheek to the floor and mashing her sore tits flat against the floor. Tapping
the inside of her thighs with the crop, Bill let the girl know he wanted her to spread her
knees as far apart as possible and get her ass up high into the air. When he finished,
Tracy had assumed the classic posture of a slave when she is "presenting"  herself for
her Master.

     Tracy was excited. She knew she was exposing her most private parts to
everyone on the boat and she knew the juice was spilling out of her overheated pussy
and running down her thighs. When she felt the tip of the crop tapping at her brown
puckered asshole she wondered if he would whip her there. The thought had just
darted through her mind when a searing white hot heat drove the thought from her.
Her brain was still trying to register what was happening to her when he struck again.
The third blow hit the area between her asshole and her pussy sending lightening
bolts of pain through her lower body. It occurred to Tracy that he was working his way
toward her pussy and soon the awful crop would be slashing against her most
sensitive area. Instinctively she brought her knees together and dropped her hips to
protect herself. 

     There was a collective intake of breath as everyone saw what she had done.
Tracy knew immediately that she had made a dreadful mistake and scrambled to
correct her error, knowing that it was too late and that she would suffer horribly for this
brief lapse.




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club 2
                                CHAPTER 14

     Over the course of their marriage, Tracy had been whipped, had clamps
attached to her nipples, and had been forced to suck and fuck men and women who
had cruised with them. She took it all without complaint and enjoyed the loose lifestyle
that she and her husband had adopted. She had always wanted Michael to push her
more, but was happy with what she got. What pain she had endured had been light
and short-lived. The humiliation of others seeing her abase herself was exciting. Tracy
enjoyed the whipping, especially when it involved her tits. It seemed to awaken her
entire body and stoked her internal fires until they raged, threatening to consume her.

     In all that time though, she had never had her asshole or pussy whipped and
just the thought of it sent shivers of terror through her body. She and Michael had
never discussed it but she had an extremely sensitive asshole. The toilet paper they
bought for the boat always had to be the highest quality because Tracy couldn't abide
the roughness of the cheaper stuff. Anal sex had never been mentioned and Tracy
was glad. She didn't want to refuse Michael anything, but the idea of him penetrating
her asshole with his hard stiff cock petrified her. The closest she had come to anal
sex happened during a cruise when a lady slipped her finger into Tracy's ass while
licking her pussy. She went into immediate paroxysms, cumming for what seemed like
hours, but had not connected it to the finger in her ass.

     The crop snapping against her asshole and moving inexorably toward her pussy
had panicked her. There was pain but it was not as much as she had already
withstood when Michael whipped her tits. Tracy knew that her pussy, the core of her
sexuality, the very seat of her being, was about to be whipped and her body 
instinctively moved to protect itself.

     Tracy's behavior showed weakness and poor training, something that Bill would
not tolerate.  All the women shuddered as they envisioned what their Master might do
to show this slave the error of her ways. 

     Moving swiftly, Bill yanked Tracy to her feet by her bound arms. Pain raced
through the girl's shoulders, which were almost dislocated from supporting  the weight
of her body. She scrambled to get her feet under her and take the strain off her
shoulders. Bill attached a thick belt around Tracy's waist and snapped the main
halyard  into the D ring in front. He removed the rope holding her elbows together and
disconnected her wrist cuffs from each other. Bill busily wrapped ropes around several
wenches and tied snap hooks to their free ends. Continuing, he quickly snapped
leather shackles around Tracy's slim ankles and connected each ankle and wrist to a
rope leading to a wench before finally pausing to survey his efforts.

     Summoning the group, he outlined his plan. One person would man each of the
self-tailing wenches and one would control the main halyard. When the main wench
was cranked, Tracy would be hoisted up, suspended from the D ring in front of the
belt around her waist. The other wenches would draw her arms and legs taut at acute
angles from her body, leaving her stretched into a human X with her entire weight
supported by the wide band around her waist. Tracy would be totally exposed, her tits,
cunt, and asshole completely accessible. It was a variation of a medieval rack made
even more painful by the midair suspension.

     Tracy fought her bonds, pulling and tugging furiously as they grew tighter. Once
she accepted the futility of her efforts, she calmed down and tried to assess her
situation. She was uncomfortable but not unduly so. The pain was bearable and
certainly not as bad as having her tits and pussy whipped. She still felt the throbbing
in her tits and ass from her earlier flogging, and was embarrassed when she realized
that her nipples were still stiff and hard from that experience. It was even more
embarrassing that her pussy was hot and dripping. She could feel the thick juice
running into the crack of her ass. Knowing that she was so obscenely displayed and
that everyone could see her arousal only made it worse for the poor girl. Occasionally
Tracy would pull at one of her ropes, trying to ease the strain. This was quickly
rewarded by each person cranking their wench one more click, drawing the ropes
tighter and increasing the strain on Tracy's splayed body. It only took a few of these
attempts before Tracy understood that she was not to move.

     A fumbling at her crotch caught the girl's attention. She tried raising her head to
see what was happening but the strain on her neck was too great. Besides, the arch
in her body made it impossible to see what the activity was all about.   After several
minutes, Tracy flushed a deep crimson color when she finally identified the unfamiliar
sensations. They were shaving her pussy! Whoever was doing the humiliating deed
was just finishing by carefully scraping all the hair from the area between her pussy
and asshole. Tracy felt a tingling burning sensation as lotion was rubbed into the
freshly denuded area. She could only imagine how she looked, but she did know that
now there was no way to mask her excitement at what was happening to her.  Her
weeping, pouting, pussy with her erect and throbbing clitoris was now visible to
anyone who cared to look. The woman had never felt so naked and exposed in her
life. With a start, she suddenly became aware that she had also never felt quite so hot
and horny before either! Tracy knew that she now looked exactly like the slut she had
always wanted to portray.

     As the image of how she must appear filled her brain, Tracy felt herself slipping
into a world apart from herself. She began to lose her identity and took on a role she
had always felt deep within her. She was a slut, a sex toy for anyone who wanted her.
Her body and her mind craved only one thing, to be used in the most bizarre ways
that anyone could imagine. The pain she felt in her tits and ass sharpened her senses
and made her want more. Her joints screamed from her bound position but she
reveled in the sensation, knowing that it would make her pleasure that much more acute. 

     Suddenly hands were all over her body, pinching, squeezing, and massaging.
Someone took one of her breasts in both hands, circling it at the base and squeezing
hard. Someone else worked at her turgid nipple, twirling it, pinching it, and thumping it.
Tracy felt her chest swell as she unconsciously tried to force more of her tit-flesh into
the grasp of her unknown tormentors. 

     Meanwhile, other hands were equally busy at her slick vee. Her clit was
tweaked, pinched and pulled, while her bald cunt lips were peeled back, opened like a
flower in early morning. Fingers entered her juicy pussy. First one, then two, and
finally three. The same scene was being echoed in her ass. Tracy would have never
believed that her tiny, puckered asshole could have accommodated three fingers deep
inside. Once inside the fingers took on a life of their own, wiggling in circles, plunging
in and out, and scraping the sensitive tissue along the sides of her cuntal walls and
asshole. All the fingers seemed to know just when to stop. Tracy soared to new levels
of arousal, but she was never allowed to peak. When they finally stopped,   Tracy was
quivering with excitement. She was so close to cumming that the slightest touch would
have pushed her over the edge.

     Bill leaned over and spoke menacingly in Tracy's ear. "Now you will learn how
a slave behaves herself under the whip. Everything you have belongs to me and I will
choose how to use it. If I want to whip your pussy or your asshole you will not only
allow it without complaint but you will welcome the opportunity to serve your Master in
any way he sees fit. To show that you have learned this lesson you will now beg to be
whipped, count each stroke, thank me, then ask for another. When you can't take any
more, you may ask me to stop. If I don't think you have had enough I will give you
twice as many as you have already taken, so take care that you don't try to quit too soon."
 
     "Yes, Master." Tracy squeaked, her voice trembling. "Please whip me. I have
disgraced myself and need to be punished. Use my ass and pussy any way you wish.
Punish me until I have earned your forgiveness."

     The first crack of the whip froze the poor girl. Her fingernails dug into her moist
palms and her toes curled so tightly her calves cramped. The wide leather tip of the
crop had landed squarely on her freshly shorn pussy. The pain fanned out in all
directions, sending lightning bolts of pure agony and lust through her taut body. 

     Panting wildly, Tracy managed to control her voice enough to count, "One!
Thank you, Master. Please whip me again." 

     Bill went from Tracy's pussy to her left tit, directing one blow to the turgid
nipple, one to the soft vulnerable area underneath, and one to each side before
repeating the process on her right tit. The tenth blow split her ass cheeks and landed
with a splat on her ass hole. She shrieked out, "Ten!" Tracy was losing control. Deep
in the recesses of her brain she knew she was supposed to say something but the
pain in her tits and throbbing ass hole forced the words out of her consciousness.

     Bill allowed her some time to recover before continuing. When Tracy finally
became aware of what was going on she felt soft hands massaging her tits, ass, and
pussy. The warm lotion they were using felt good and the stinging pain of the crop
gradually subsided, replaced by a glow in all her erotic zones. It was several minutes
before Tracy realized that the warm glow was becoming increasingly hotter, rising to a
level that was just below uncomfortable. 

     Driven by a need that was growing with each passing moment, Tracy shrieked,
"Please Master! Don't stop whipping me. Make it hurt. I need to feel the pain. Whip
me until I cum!"

     Every member of the group knew exactly how Tracy felt. At one time or
another, the women had all been in the same state of mind where nothing mattered
except the fires that raged inside, fueled by the stinging blows of a whip.  All thoughts
of fear and self control were pushed aside by the promise of reaching a new pinnacle
of sexual bliss and fulfillment.  The intense mental and physical stimulation turned
them into sexual animals, willing to do anything to achieve the ultimate release that
was just out of their grasp. There was not one woman in the group who would not
have traded places with Tracy in an instant if given the opportunity. 

     A cursory glance around the cockpit of the boat would have proven that
statement. There was not a dry pussy or limp cock to be seen!

     Tracy's eyes were glassed over. The muscles in her taut stomach rippled and
the tendons that ran down the inside of her thighs stood out. The lotion that had been
so soothing at first was now making her tits and pussy throb as the heat became more
intense, threatening to drive her insane with lust. Thick juice flowed from between her
thighs as the poor girl hovered at the verge of exploding into an orgasm that she had
only experienced in most intimate carnal thoughts.

     Her voice took on a strange guttural sound as she croaked out the hoarse
ravings of a lunatic, begging to be beaten and whipped. "More . . .  Hurt
me . . .  Whip me . . .  Whip me until I scream . . .  Make me cum," she chanted repeatedly.

     Bill had changed to the devastating cat'o'nine tails and was rapidly rotating his
wrist so that the leather fingers danced lightly over Tracy's entire body.  The pain was
insignificant, only a slight sting, but the effect was driving Tracy higher and higher on
her climb toward oblivion. With the knowledge that only an experienced Master can
acquire, Bill knew exactly when Tracy was ready. At that precise moment he tensed
his arm and sent the leather tentacles crashing between her legs. 

     Time stood still for Tracy. Her freshly denuded pussy was totally unprotected
from the awesome power of the whip. Pain exploded behind her eyes. She saw white
with little flecks of color as her mind seemed to analyze the individual effect of each
lash. One had snapped against the creamy smoothness of her left inner thigh echoed
by another on the other side. Two had slapped her lower belly between her navel and
pubic bone, framing her weeping pussy. Two others landed on the outer lips of her
labia, peeling them back with the force of the blow and exposing her quivering clit.
One found its way between her ass cheeks driving itself with incredible force through
her tightened sphincter and into her ass. Her pussy was similarly invaded as one
leather finger shot at least three inches into her gaping hole. The last was the most
exquisite. It started at the base of her exposed clit and rolled upward, flattening the
sensitive bundle of nerves against her protruding pubic bone. The leather tentacle
seemed to travel in slow motion as it moved up the length of her clit, the tip finally
snapping against the raw end of her most sacred piece of female flesh.

     It was everything Tracy had dreamed of, and more. Her orgasm started at the
tip of her ravished clit and spread slowly throughout her entire body gathering speed
and heightening sensations as it passed over each lash mark. Tracy recalled, with
vivid detail, each spank, cut of the crop, and snap of the whip against her
supercharged flesh. As her mind relived her experience, she spiraled higher and
higher on the plane to orgasmic bliss. Each surge took her to a new level of pleasure
that surely could never be surpassed, only to ebb slightly before another flashback
sent her careening upward to uncharted heights of sexual ecstasy. 

     The others watched with envy as their beautiful shipmate shook through
countless orgasms. They saw her mouth open in silent screams of raw pleasure. They
noticed her muscles bunch up and lock tight as each new wave washed over her. The
women stared, fascinated by Tracy's engorged nipples. They were rock hard and
almost purplish in color as they quivered and expanded with each new surge.  The
men could not pull their eyes away from her bald cunt which had taken on a life of its
own. Her outer lips puckered and pulled in, as if sucking on a thick milkshake, until
they almost disappeared. Once drawn in, they worked back and forth like they were
chewing a piece of tough meat. Finally, they exploded outward, blossoming like a
flower and emitted a stream of thick juice that coated her entire pussy, making it shine
in the bright moonlight. This ritual was performed with each new orgasm, making it
clear when each began, how long it lasted, and when it finally waned. 

     Time had stopped for Tracy. She had no idea how long she had served as the
centerpiece for the evening's entertainment and had long since lost track of the
number of orgasms she had experienced. She did know that this was exactly what
she had been looking for and that she never wanted it to end. These thoughts ran
through her head in the brief lucid moments between orgasms. There was nothing,
absolutely nothing that she wouldn't be willing to do to have this feeling again. Her life
had changed and would never be the same again.

     Her mind began to clear as her cums lost some of their intensity and she
realized her lungs were burning. She had been so overwhelmed by sensations
that she had forgotten to breathe! As she gasped for air, she realized that her
night was almost over. A small part of her was relieved, because she didn't think her
tortured body could endure much more, but she was mostly sad that her night of total
depravity was coming to an end and she didn't know when, or if, it would be repeated.

     Bill was not quite ready for the festivities to end. In fact, for everyone except
Tracy, the evening was just beginning! He watched her shiver through the last
remnants of her cums before stepping between her legs and lashing her sopping wet
pussy with his hard cock. While not painful, the shock jolted Tracy from her reverie.
She realized that she was about to be fucked while suspended in mid air.  The thought
drove her insane with a renewed desire she wouldn't have thought possible.

     This act was a silent signal that the orgy was about to begin. The ladies
stopped working on the hard cocks in their mouths and hands and prepared for the
main event of the evening. Natalie would have preferred being Bill's partner but was
satisfied with Michael. She had already worked her oral magic on him. His cock had
dumped a huge load into her hot, sucking mouth, which she swallowed with relish.
Watching his wife being tortured into ecstasy and Natalie's skillful tongue and lips
brought him quickly back to a full, throbbing erection. Michael was on his back with
Natalie kneeling over his quivering cock. She had given him a small multi stranded
whip to use on her once she impaled herself on his thick cock.  

     Connie couldn't have been happier that she was about to have her pussy and
ass reamed by her son. Jimmy didn't have the staying power of the older men but he
had the stamina and energy of youth. That, coupled with the utter depravity of fucking
her own son and watching her husband dominate their hostess, was enough to send
Bill's wife into that special place in her mind where lust took over and nothing else
mattered. She went down on all fours, her head resting on her arms and her ass high
in the air wiggling with anticipation. Jimmy had full access to either entryway and
Connie knew that he would use them both!

     Kim reluctantly turned Charles over to her mother and paired up with her friend,
Angela. She normally preferred men at these times but knew that the evening was a
long way from being over. The guys were all worked up to a fever pitch after watching
Bill take Tracy through her paces and she would undoubtedly be well fucked before morning.

     Jean tied a cord around the base of Mike's cock and balls and tightened it until
the poor man groaned and writhed in pain. His cock took on a deep purple color and
throbbed with anticipation. Pre-cum coated the spongy head and ran down the shaft,
covering his hairy balls with the slick, clear liquid. Jean straddled him and positioned
his cock at the entrance to her wet, hot cunt, waiting to impale herself when the time
was right. She faced away from her husband and held a short crop in her hand. She
knew that she risked hitting her own pussy while whipping him but considered it a
small price to pay since she knew it would drive him wild, making him slam into her
aching cunt with a vengeance.

     Bill grabbed his cock and swirled the head around Tracy's red, swollen labia,
coating it with the slick juice that poured from her abused cunt. He marveled at the
heat that emanated from it. Placing his hands on her hips, he smiled when he felt her
tense and strain against the ropes that held her. Her head, the only part of her that
could move, whipped from side to side as she babbled incoherently.

     "Uunngghhhh! Yessss! Fuck me. Oh God,  split me open with your cock   Fuck
me hard. Fuck me fast. Pound my pussy with that hard dick. Make it hurt.  Make it
bleed! Oh God, Yes, Yes Yeesssssssss!" Her voice rose into a shriek of hysteria as
Bill drove his cock into her with full force, sinking in all the way to his balls in one
hard, driving motion.

     Almost simultaneously four other cocks sliced into four other pussies bringing
similar squeals of delight from the recipients. The smell of sex filled the air as did the
unmistakable sounds of animal-like coupling. The casual observer would have had
little doubt about what was happening on the sleek yacht. Indeed, a couple on a boat
anchored several hundred yards away dropped the binoculars they had been using to
discreetly eavesdrop on their neighbors, and tore into each other with a passion they
had not felt in years!

     Dawn was breaking before the last of the revelers dropped in a heap on the
cockpit floor, exhausted but satiated. Tracy had not been released and was forced to
spend the night in stringent bondage. She was sore, uncomfortable, and slept fitfully,
but had never been happier in her life. The pretty blonde would have given anything to
remain where she was forever. Just before sleep overtook her, she shivered through
one last tiny cum as she relived her experience in her mind. 

     "My God," she thought to herself. "What kind of wanton slut have I become that
just thinking about it makes me cum?" The question went unanswered as she drifted
off to sleep, tired and in pain, but smiling contentedly.

     The next day was needed for rest, recovery, and planning. Bill spoke with
Natalie, who was, by default, the last "victim" of the cruise. She was the newest
member of the group and, while she had experienced a lot, she had not had her limits
tested. The black-haired, black-eyed, Spanish vixen was afraid but very excited. She
assured Bill that she was game for anything he wanted to try and that she wanted her
day to be special. Haltingly, she told him that she wanted nothing held back and no
"safe" word. She put herself into his hands and trusted that, no matter how he hurt her
or what he made her do, she would be grateful when the experience was over.

     It was exactly what Bill wanted to hear and he spent the rest of the day mulling
over how he would handle the responsibility. He had long, deep discussions with the
other members including Tracy, who had just gone through her own break-through
trial. Before bedtime he had formulated his plan and gathered the equipment he needed. 
     
     The whole crew had been in on the planning stages and excitement was
running high. Natalie was probably the most electrified one of the group.  Fear of the
unknown kept her anxious and nervous, but the desire to awaken her deepest, most
depraved sexual forces energized her. She knew that she would be driven to her
breaking point and maybe beyond, but she desperately craved the release that she
had seen in the others. Natalie sensed that she stood poised, ready to dive head first
into uncharted waters and a whole new life. She had witnessed the change in the
others and knew that she would not be the same after this. She had made a decision
that would possibly spell disaster for the rest of her life and she agonized over the
thought, but she had seen the look of pure lust and ecstasy on Tracy's face as she
shuddered through orgasm after orgasm and had witnessed the almost religious fervor
of Connie and Rosie as they suffered under the whip. Even Kim and Angela, as young
as they were, embraced the life-style and seemed secure and happy with their lot.
There was no turning back now and Natalie shuddered as she developed scene after
gruesome scene in her mind. She trusted Bill completely, and knew that she would
emerge unscarred with no permanent damage. It was a small bit of hope to cling to
but enough to give her the courage to face her ordeal.




Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club 2
CHAPTER 15

Natalie was up early, too excited to sleep. She spent time carefully 
showering, fixing her hair, and applying her makeup. She was standing, 
nude, in her cabin trying to decide what to wear, although she knew it 
wouldn't matter for long.

She finally chose her new white bikini. It was tiny, much more daring 
than anything she would have ever worn back home, and it set off her 
dark olive skin beautifully. Her breasts jutted out, completely filling 
the small triangles that served as the bra of the bikini. She noticed, 
with a slight blush, that her nipples were already hard and clearly 
visible as they threatened to poke holes in the material.

The bottom of the suit was disgracefully small and Natalie realized that 
she was going to have to do some serious bush trimming before she made 
her first appearance to the group. The back was just a thin strip of 
material that ran up the crack of her ass and concealed nothing except 
the puckered opening of her asshole. Tiny strings held everything 
together. As she studied herself in the mirror Natalie decided that she 
had achieved the effect she was looking for, sexy and hot, but slightly 
naive and virginal. Her outfit showed off her tight, firm body to the 
best possible advantage.

Natalie was fawned over at breakfast. The others waited on her, treating 
her like a queen. The young teacher enjoyed the attention and savored 
the slow build up of the sexual tension. By the time the dishes were 
cleared everyone was ready for the games to begin, especially Natalie, 
who was already trembling with a delicious mixture of fear, excitement, 
and anticipation.

Bill stood and moved out to the cockpit, a silent signal that he was 
ready to begin. The others filed out behind him, leaving Natalie alone 
in the salon. She knew that she would be summoned when they were ready 
for her.

The call came quickly. "Come here, Slut. Your day is about to begin," 
Bill barked..

Natalie moved on quivering legs up the companionway steps and stood in 
the center of the cockpit facing her Master, waiting for him to give the 
command that would start what would probably be the most exciting day of 
her young life. Her mind was in a turmoil as she fought for control. She 
was about to experience all the things she had fantasized about, yearned 
for, and even feared. She prayed that she would be up to the challenge.

Addressing the group, Bill spoke. "Natalie has told me that she wants to 
experience this day to the fullest. She has requested no safe word and 
has not set any limits. She is our least experienced member and is 
completely aware that the others can go places she can't yet travel. 
Even so, she has expressed a desire to extend herself to the breaking 
point. I have purposely avoided talking with any of you about this day 
because I wanted it to be spontaneous. Remember that we have the whole 
day. There is no need to rush things."

With that said Bill stood and stepped toward the young teacher. He saw a 
shiver run through her body and knew the rush that she was feeling as 
her day as a sex toy, slave, and victim was about to begin. He captured 
her wrists in padded leather cuffs and snapped them together behind her 
back. The D rings on the cuffs were fastened to a line running to a 
pulley on the boom. Bill took the slack out of the line and tightened it 
just enough to force Natalie to bend forward at the waist to relieve 
some of the pressure on her shoulders. Her ample tits hung down 
invitingly, practically unencumbered by the tiny swatches of material 
that served as a bra to her bikini.

Even that was more than Bill wanted, so he untied the string and allowed 
the bra to fall to the cockpit floor. Exposed to the gentle sea breeze, 
Natalie's nipples filled with blood and stiffened noticeably. Jimmy 
jerked on the strings at her hips allowing the bottom of the bikini to 
join its mate on the floor. Charles and Mike shackled her ankles to the 
sides of the cockpit, leaving her legs spread almost as wide as possible 
in an obscene pose. Natalie had never felt so open and exposed. She 
could feel the breeze wafting between her legs, gently stirring her 
long, dark pubic hair and rushing over the winking eye of her asshole. 
Her bent position had already caused her nipples to engorge with blood. 
Her spread position had put more pressure on her shoulders making her 
bend forward even more to get some relief. Now she felt her breasts 
harden as the blood pounded through them.

Natalie's vision was limited due to her position. She could not see 
anything that was going on behind her and very little at her sides. When 
she lifted her head to see what was happening in front of her the 
pressure on her shoulders increased so much that the pain soon forced 
her to lower her head. She did have a clear view of her tits hanging 
down and thought how inviting they looked. Since this was what occupied 
her entire field of vision, she focused on them, marveling at the 
throbbing nipples and feeling the subtle pounding of her heart as the 
blood coursed through the hardening mounds of female flesh. She knew 
that her precious tits would get a lot of abuse today and the thought 
excited her. They were extremely sensitive, especially once they had 
gotten hard like they were now.

Bill had already accomplished one of his goals. He had Natalie's mind 
focused on sex and her body. A slight burn in the muscles that ran the 
length of her thighs forced Natalie's attention away from her tits. She 
was proud of her legs and knew that they were one of her best features, 
always drawing admiring glances from men. She could tell that they were 
being shown off to their best advantage by this position. Spread wide 
apart as they were, the tendons that ran along the insides of her thighs 
stood out, as did the muscles in her calves and up the backs of her 
thighs.

This train of thought naturally led her to imagining what her ass must 
look like. It was the one feature of her body that had always been a 
point of concern with her. She felt it was too big and not firm enough, 
although since joining the club it had not worried her quite so much. 
All the guys seemed to like her ass, never failing to comment on how 
they loved watching it jiggle when they spanked her. It had not escaped 
her notice that someone always seemed to be patting or squeezing her ass 
during sex sessions with the group. She had almost overcome the negative 
feelings about her ass and had begun to think of it as one of her better 
features.

As with most people, playful sex spankings were what had first peaked 
her interest about this lifestyle. She found herself getting extremely 
turned on while being spanked and discovered that when she was both tied 
and spanked the sensation was almost overwhelming. Her efforts to 
explore these feelings in greater depth had been mostly unsuccessful 
until she found Connie and Bill and had joined the group. Although she 
was still relatively inexperienced, she had taken part enough to know 
that this was what she had been missing all her life.

Sex had been pleasant before but was certainly nothing that could have 
been described as earth-shattering. Now she found herself eagerly 
anticipating each gathering of the group. She fantasized for days before 
a meeting and relived each moment afterwards. She always reached orgasm 
during the sessions, usually several times, whereas before, during 
regular sex, she was frequently left frustrated, on the verge, but 
unable to go over the top. Natalie had alternately blamed her sex 
partners for their lack of expertise or herself for being unresponsive 
when this happened. Now she understood that fifteen minutes of breast 
and genital manipulation, sometimes with a little oral stimulation 
thrown in for good measure, was simply not enough foreplay to get her 
going. She loved the long, drawn out sessions, where her mind and her 
body became totally focused on sex. The pain and the bondage added a 
spice that intensified the episode and allowed her to immerse herself in 
the sensations her body was experiencing.

A persistent tickling sensation on her tits and the backs of her thighs 
forced Natalie out of her reverie. Her wandering mind now focused 
sharply on what was happening. She saw the long feathers attacking her 
hanging globes and identified the identical sensation behind her. 
Whoever was wielding these seemingly innocuous implements were driving 
her crazy! The feathers would lightly tap at her nipples, bringing them 
to full erection, then would move to the base and saw back and forth as 
if trying to lop them off. Occasionally they would leave her nipples to 
run rampant over the rest of her expanded and sensitive breasts. This 
left her panting and moaning, wishing for a stronger, more tactile 
sensation. After a few minutes of this tantalizing torture Natalie found 
herself ready to scream. She wanted someone to slap her tits, squeeze 
them, or whip them. She would gladly have begged someone to pinch her 
nipples hard and twist them cruelly. At this point she would have 
welcomed the punishing nipple clamps that hurt so badly at first but 
soon provided just the right amount of pain to send her soaring off into 
the subspace reserved for the truly submissive person.

The feathers evoked equally maddening responses behind her, perhaps even 
more so because of their proximity to her asshole and pussy. They seemed 
to work in unison, fluttering up the insides of her thighs, gently 
stroking her rapidly expanding and moistening pussy lips, curving around 
to caress the winking pucker of her asshole then gently cascading down 
the backs of her thighs to the sensitive area behind her knees. Natalie 
felt the muscles in her legs twitch in response to the gentle brushing 
of the feathers. She also felt the moisture well up in her pussy and 
knew that it would soon spill out and run down her thighs in thick, 
gooey rivulets. God! She was so turned on and the party had just barely 
begun!

As soon as Bill saw the first evidence of lubrication seep out of 
Natalie's swollen labia he nodded to the others to stop working her over 
with the feathers. It was time to move to the next level of stimulation. 
He knew that she was now acutely aware of all of her erogenous zones and 
that her nerve endings were primed and ready for stronger sensations. It 
was too early for her first orgasm so he knew they would have to handle 
the next step with care. He wanted to replace the gentle stimulation of 
the feathers with a light but perceptible layer of discomfort, nothing 
too painful, but enough to further heighten her awareness and help her 
begin her spiraling journey into submission and sexual abandonment.

He chose a very light multi-stranded whip for this purpose. The tails 
were about a half inch wide so that they wouldn't cut into the skin and 
were very thin. Even if wielded with a strong arm there would be little 
more than a stinging sensation and a slight reddening of the whipped 
area. Bill moved behind Natalie and let the tails of the whip rest on 
her back. Moving it slowly, he noticed her ass cheeks twitch when he ran 
the leather tips over the taut smoothness of her half moons. He began a 
slow circular motion which caused the leather fingers to brush against 
her skin raising goose-bumps as it traveled over her back to her ass and 
down her legs. Moving from one side to the other he was able to direct 
the gentle blows to the sides of her hanging tits and nipples. Natalie 
let out a surprised moan when Bill directed the whip into the hot vee of 
her crotch. She had never been whipped on her pussy and although this 
could hardly be classified as a whipping, it foretold of things to come. 
Her level of excitement was growing as was evidenced by the increased 
flow of thick lubrication running down her thighs.

Bill repeated the pattern five more times, gradually increasing the 
strength of the blows. By the final time, Natalie was being treated to 
yet another assault on her senses. She was not only feeling the leather 
thongs nip at her unprotected flesh but she could also hear the 
satisfying snap when leather made contact with moist, eager skin. By the 
time he finished, the young teacher was panting and moaning from 
excitement and was hovering just on the edge of an orgasm. She cried out 
in frustration when he quit, knowing that she would have to wait for the 
sweet release that she now so desperately craved. She was well on her 
way to finding that dark area of her mind that allowed her to lose all 
inhibitions and succumb to the carnal cravings of lust. The needs of her 
body were all that mattered and nothing was too outrageous or too 
depraved if it helped her reach her goal.

Natalie was so lost in the feelings of the moment that she was barely 
aware that she had been released and rebound in a different position. 
When her mind finally cleared she realized that she was now suspended 
from the boom by her outstretched arms. Her legs were still spread wide 
but had been attached to different points on the boat. Assessing her 
position, she could tell that she formed a human "X" and was, if 
anything, even more exposed and vulnerable than before. The pressure on 
her shoulders had been relaxed, and although she was supported only by 
the straps around her wrists, she was a little more comfortable than 
before.

Bill turned the whip over to Jimmy, much to Natalie's delight. She hoped 
that Jimmy, being so young, would not have the finesse of his father. 
She was hoping that he would be more aggressive and go too far in his 
eagerness. She had come down a little from her sexual high but was still 
in a state of  extreme excitation. If Jimmy made just a small mistake 
she knew that she would crash over the edge, something that she 
fervently wanted to happen.

Jimmy, however, had learned his lessons well. He was experienced far 
beyond his years and had been practicing on Connie, Rosie, Kim, and 
Jean, four women who knew what they wanted and didn't hesitate to 
explain and teach the young Master-in-training. He stepped behind the 
stretched, suspended form of the young Spanish lady and delivered five 
quick slashes to her back, using the forehand, backhand technique. 
Natalie was unprepared for the assault and let several yelps escape as 
the sharp pain shook her bound body.

The stinging continued long after the teenager had stopped whipping her, 
leaving Natalie to twist and turn as much as her severely limited 
position would allow. As she writhed and undulated, trying to get 
control, she realized that, in just a few seconds, Jimmy had managed to 
bring her right back to the peak of desire that she reached earlier. 
Circling her, Jimmy repeated the whipping on her front side, carefully 
avoiding hitting her tits or pussy. By the time he finished, Natalie was 
screaming, surging against the ropes that held her so tightly. Her 
stomach, from beneath her breasts to the line of her pubic hair, was 
criss-crossed with faint red lines, as were her thighs, where Jimmy had 
aimed the last two blows.

The pain had two conflicting effects. It had fanned the fires of her 
passion to a white-hot glow, but had been just severe enough to force a 
small part of brain to focus on the pain rather than the pleasure, 
leaving her short of her desired goal once again. What did not show was 
that Jimmy had successfully accomplished the mark of every Master. He 
had taken control of  his subject. She was his now, just as she had been 
his father's before. Natalie no longer saw Jimmy as a teenage boy. He 
was her Master and she was willing to serve him in any way he chose.

Bill recognized her change of attitude. She had now accepted two of them 
as her Master and he wanted to push her further into the depths of 
submission by making her understand that it didn't matter who controlled 
her. All that was important was that she was a slave and her role was to 
serve and accept anything and anyone who stepped forward to take charge.

It was time to move to the next level and Bill had two objectives in 
mind. Natalie was the primary player and he wanted to drive her deep 
within herself, to help her reach the level of submission that he knew 
she craved. A secondary, but important, part of his long range plan was 
to train one of the women in the art of domination. It was the one 
element that was missing in their club. Michael filled the role as a 
submissive male but none of the women had stepped forward to play the 
part of a Dominatrix.

Bill knew who he wanted to fill the position. Jean had played the part 
with her husband but had eagerly accepted the subservient role when 
given the opportunity, so she was not being considered. Rosie, Connie, 
and Angela were not good candidates. Rosie was the only one of the three 
with any experience since she had trained Kim before finding Bill and 
allowing him to take over, but her heart was not in it, and she much 
preferred the submissive role. Tracy, not being a true member of the 
group, was not considered. Kim was the best choice.

He had seen it from the beginning. Kim was a Dom playing the role of a 
Sub because it pleased her to do so and it was her ticket into playing 
sex games with the adults. He had watched the way her eyes sparkled 
while she described her scene with Angela before they inducted the young 
blond into the group. She had clearly enjoyed being the Mistress. 
Perhaps she was one of the very few who could actually go both ways and 
enjoy either role to the fullest. Most, like Jean, much preferred one 
role or the other and only switched out of necessity.

Calling Kim over, Bill spoke with her in whispers. The excited bobbing 
of the girl's head showed her approval of what he was saying. Once he 
had given his instructions Bill sat down next to Rosie to watch the 
show. He spoke to his neighbor quietly, "Watch carefully. After this you 
may find that you and Kim will be having a much different relationship 
than before. Instead of mother and daughter it may well be Mistress and 
slave, with you on the receiving end. Do you think you could handle 
that?"

"If she is a true Mistress then I wouldn't have any choice, would I?" 
Rosie answered. "Train her well. I need what you give me and if you 
think she is capable, then by all means, go for it. I think it might be 
very exciting to live as a full time slave to my own daughter. I hope it 
doesn't mean that you are abandoning me. I don't think I could stand 
that."

"Oh no." Bill answered quickly. "The club will go on as before and I 
will still maintain control. If this works as I think it will, Kim will 
act as a sub to me just as before. The only difference is that I will 
have a Mistress at my side to take over when I choose and add some spice 
to the sessions. I think our ladies would appreciate the feminine touch 
occasionally."

"I agree," Rosie said. "There is something about being under the control 
of another woman that is very exciting. It makes you realize that you 
are totally submissive, not just playing the role to please a man. It's 
also more frightening. Women know all the special ways to hurt another 
woman and they are more ruthless than men. A man, even a good one, will 
always hold back. A real Sub not only needs the pain but also needs the 
satisfaction that she has taken everything her Master offers and is 
willing to do more. We can tell when you are holding back and that 
taints the illusion a bit. A woman, on the other hand, doesn't have that 
problem. She knows that her Sub can stand more." She paused and flashed 
a sly smile to let Bill know that she wasn't putting him down before 
adding, "And, she isn't bound by the laws of nature that say a man is 
supposed to protect a woman."

Bill nodded understandingly. The hardest job he faced as a Master was to 
find the line where sex ends and true torture begins. It was different 
for each of his women and he was constantly fearful that he would go too 
far with one of them, breaking the bond of trust and giving them an 
unpleasant experience. The fact that they so often wanted to play 
without safe words made his task, and his responsibility, that much more 
difficult. Rosie was gently chiding him about what he already knew. He 
often erred on the safe side. It was easy to find the limit where the 
pain replaced any feelings of pleasure. What was so difficult for him 
was to know how far into the dark side he should go and how long he 
should remain there. With Kim having been there many times, he was 
hoping that she would help fill this particular need for the others 
while allowing him to observe and learn.

Kim surveyed her charge and trembled as the feeling of power surged 
through her. She was being given a chance to prove herself worthy of 
Bill's faith and trust. This was not a complete surprise to the young 
girl. They had talked about this before and Kim had let him know that it 
was something she wanted to try. Her experience with Angela in the gym 
had given her a taste of the other side and she had wanted to 
investigate it farther.

Natalie's face registered her disappointment. She had been looking 
forward to her day of submission and sex with her Master. She had never 
played sex games with another woman and didn't find the idea very 
appealing. She did realize, however, that she was the slave and had no 
control over the events of the day, so she voiced no disapproval, 
choosing, instead, to play her role to the best of her ability. She was 
Bill's toy, and if this was what he wanted, then she would try her best 
to please him.

Kim went to work immediately. She selected a red, rubber ball gag and a 
leather blindfold, Forcing Natalie's jaws wide apart, she strapped the 
gag into place. Natalie was already beginning to drool down the corners 
of her mouth by the time her vision had been taken away by the 
blindfold.

Icy shivers shot through her body when Kim said, "You made a mistake by 
choosing to not have a safe word. I'm going to hurt you badly and I'm 
not going to stop until he makes me quit. Later, I may take the gag off 
so that I can hear you scream and beg. Before we are done, you will be 
offering to do anything, with anyone, to make the pain go away."

Although she was very afraid, Natalie could not dismiss the feeling of 
extreme arousal that coursed through her body. This was exactly what she 
was looking for and had been hoping that Bill would provide. Unable to 
see or speak, Natalie knew there was no way out and no turning back.

Kim wanted to exert her authority and take control of the situation 
quickly but, at the same time, she knew she had to be careful to not 
push Natalie too far or too fast. With this in mind she selected a thin, 
whippy cane for her first round with the young teacher.

Natalie's nostrils flared when she felt the cool, smooth surface of the 
rod as Kim rubbed it slowly over her body. She identified it immediately 
and visions of previous sessions swirled through her head. She had 
witnessed all of the others having encounters with the cane and the 
images remained imprinted in her brain. She could still hear the moaning 
and crying as the vicious instrument sliced into white, smooth skin, 
leaving angry,  red welts that soon turned purple with yellowish 
outlines.

As the cane caressed her breasts, gently hefting each one, sawing back 
and forth across her nipples, stroking softly from her collar bone to 
her areolae, she remembered one particularly licentious evening when 
Rosie took a severe caning of her tits. She had asked for it and her 
wish had been granted. At one point she had even been suspended by her 
ankles so that the soft, undersides of her huge globes was exposed and 
beaten. Natalie had witnessed Rosie cumming at least 10 times from just 
the beating and remembered yearning for the same treatment. Now that it 
was about to happen she was flooded with conflicting emotions. The 
excitement made her breasts hard and her nipples stand out, quivering 
and ready, but the fear was almost overpowering. She knew that she was 
about to be hurt more than ever before and she desperately hoped that 
she would be strong enough to take it. More importantly, she prayed that 
the result would make it worthwhile.

The blindfold and gag heightened her other senses. She heard the swish 
of the cane cutting through the air long before she felt the impact as 
it sliced into the meaty portion of her breasts above her areolae. Time 
seemed to stop while she waited for the pain to register. When it 
finally burrowed into the deep recesses of her mind she felt an agony 
that far surpassed any she had suffered before. The ball gag kept her 
from screaming out loud but her thrashing and moaning were clear 
indications of  her torment. Kim delivered five hard cuts in rapid 
succession, the last one landing squarely across Natalie's nipples, 
driving them deeply into the surrounding breast flesh.

The first four blows convinced Natalie that she had been delivered to 
the nether region of Hell and into the arms of the Devil himself. She 
had never experienced such pain and was very nearly driven insane by its 
intensity. The last blow froze her. Everything seemed to move in slow 
motion. She clearly heard the whoosh of the cane and felt the contact of 
the smooth wood against her nipples. In her mind's eye she saw her 
nipples disappear into her breast flesh as the cane continued on, 
burying itself deep in her tortured tits, leaving each tit with its own 
deep cleavage as it, too, was engulfed by the soft tissue of her ample 
bosom.

Natalie had time to scream to herself, "No!!! Not there. It'll kill me!" 
before the pain hit. She felt it first in the pit of her stomach. It 
felt as if she had been punched hard, her breath driven from her lungs 
by a powerful blow. It spread like molten lava, consuming everything in 
its path. Her entire body was on fire. Every nerve ending sent out shock 
waves, warning of anguish beyond belief. Her nipples turned white-hot 
and throbbed so furiously she thought they would explode like Fourth of 
July firecrackers. Her toes curled tightly, tensing every muscle in her 
legs. She felt her fingernails drawing blood in the palms of her hands.

She screamed. The sound echoed through her head with a decibel level 
equal to the incredible pain in her tits. She kept screaming, increasing 
her cries of agony and utter despair as the pain kept spiraling upward, 
finally engulfing her entire body. Of course, the ball gag reduced her 
maniacal wailing to mere squeaks and sobs, barely audible over the 
gentle sea breeze.

While all of this took several minutes in her distorted sense of time, 
in reality it happened in a fraction of a second. By the time the cane 
had rebounded off of her bruised and tortured flesh the worst was over. 
She hung limply in her bonds as her muscles gradually relaxed, and she 
began to notice an entirely different feeling creeping through her, 
displacing the powerful sensations of pain and torment with equally 
strong feelings of urgency and arousal.

Her buttock and stomach muscles would not relax. They remained clenched, 
giving her that "washboard" effect so prized by body builders. Her pussy 
seemed to have taken on a life of its own. Natalie felt the rippling of 
her muscles way up inside her. She suddenly realized that she could not 
remember the pain. All that occupied her mind were unimaginably intense 
feelings of pleasure, desire and need. She had been driven to a level of 
excitement that far exceeded anything she had ever experienced.

At last it was clear to her. It was what the others had found but had 
been unable to convey to her in a way that she could understand. It was 
what kept them coming back for more abuse and begging for even harsher 
treatment. She was in the throes of a full blown orgasm that wouldn't 
quit and wouldn't peak! She kept cumming and cumming, existing in a 
state of indescribable ecstasy that seemed to know no limits but held 
the promise of even greater pleasure if one were willing to suffer what 
it took to get there. The last thing she remembered was thinking that 
she had to feel like this again. No amount of pain, no act of 
degradation or humiliation was too much to pay for another chance to 
reach this level of sheer erotic bliss. If there had been fear and doubt 
before, all questions had been answered and uncertainties dispelled. 
There was absolutely no question in her mind that she would dedicate the 
rest of her life to the pursuance of the state of being that she had 
just experienced.

Since time and awareness had stopped for her, Natalie was surprised when 
she finally came around and discovered that she had been released and 
was laid out on one of the cockpit seats. Later, she found out that she 
had orgasmed for more than five minutes, finally passing out from 
sensory overload. More than ten minutes had passed since she had been 
taken down. A quick check confirmed that she had been thoroughly 
chastised. Her tits showed dark bruises with tiny patches of broken 
skin. Gently touching her nipples, Natalie grimaced as fresh pain shot 
through her body. She would be sore for several days, but it was not 
something that bothered her. In fact, she wished she could do it all 
over again!

As soon as Kim noticed that Natalie was conscious again, she moved to 
continue her session with her. The young girl knew that her subject 
would not be able to take more breast abuse, but she still had several 
other avenues open to her. Natalie had never had her pussy or asshole 
whipped and that was exactly what Kim had in mind, but first it was time 
to get some of the others involved. Everyone else had been watching 
Natalie and Kim and were ready for some action themselves. The neophyte 
mistress knew that being a spectator for a while would excite Natalie 
and get her ready for her next ordeal.

As the sun rose the following day the vacation cruise of the 
Neighborhood Sex and Torture Club came to a close. The members all 
agreed that it had been one of the best times of their lives and that it 
must be repeated on an annual basis. Their new friends, Tracy and Mike, 
agreed and offered their boat, free of charge, for future bondage 
cruises. They also promised to visit the mainland every couple of months 
to participate in some "warm-up" orgies just to keep up with the rest of 
the group. Kim was now a confirmed Mistress and would take her place at 
Bill's side on those occasions that he wanted some help or to add some 
variety to their parties. Natalie was "broken" to the lifestyle and soon 
began rivaling Connie and Rosie in her quest for harsher treatment.

The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  CyberSleuth


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





