BDSM Library - Lynne




Lynne
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A very long slave training story, but it is also one of the best. After reading all 36 chapters, I still hope there are more :-D
Lynne
Author: Just Another Bloke
Email:justanotherbloke@my-dejanews.com

                                 ##### WARNING #####
The following contains material of a sexually explicit nature. Do not read any
further if you are under the legal age in the state/country in which you reside.
This story is meant for ADULTS ONLY.If you're not of legal age. EXIT NOW.
                              ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

COPYRIGHT 1998. As the author of the following story, I claim all rights in
accordance with international copyright laws. These rights are claimed legally
by me under the pseudonym of " Just Another Bloke."
                              ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 1. THE PARTY.

Lynne has always enjoyed flirting and flaunting herself when the mood is
right. And her husband likes to watch her. She's 32,  5'2" with long dark
hair, and  a pretty face. They didn't really know anybody at the party other
than the hosts, so  her husband  wasn't surprised that Lynne  chose to wear a
very low cut top and  no bra. She has great tits and doesn't mind showing
them off. She felt safe being a prick tease when her husband was around, and
didn't expect this party to be any different. She'd play the tart, flash her
tits and flirt with any man that was interested in her, and her husband would
watch as he mingled with the other guests. Then, when they got home, Lynne
would tell her husband about the men that had been hanging around her all
night while they fucked.

But this night didn't turn out as Lynne had planned.

She was up early the next morning and had a long hot shower, her mind and
body still glowing,  overwhelmed in the memory of the events of the night
before. She looked at herself in the mirror as she slid into a white silk
robe, and wondered for a moment whether the woman in the mirror really was
the same woman at the party last night.

When she walked out of the bathroom, with her long wet hair falling over her
shoulders, her husband gave her a diary and told her to write down what she
had experienced at the party. He had an almost depraved smile on his face as
he spoke, and there was something different in his voice and in his manner
toward her. But the thought  of reliving what had happened made the crotch of
her fresh white panties very wet, very quickly. So she smiled back at her
husband, and laid down on the bed and began to write.

For most of the night it was no different than dozens of other parties we've
been too. My top was cut too low and  my jeans were too tight. I'd had a bit
too much wine to drink, and half a joint I shouldn't have had at all. Men
were hanging around me , staring at my tits, occasionally brushing up against
me as we talked.  The party was winding down, a group men were huddled around
me, telling me dirty jokes, and making little remarks to themselves about my
tits. I was high, horny and happy, looking forward to going home and fucking
my husband.

But the hornier I got, the more obvious my nipples became, and the cruder the
men got, not just talking about my tits now....but talking about my nipples.
I loved it.

Then one of the men just reached out and pinched my nipples between his
fingers. I  tried to make out that I wanted him to stop, but I didn't
do anything to stop him. Then another guy had a turn squeezing my nipples,
then another. I just stood there and let them.

We were in the garage, just me	and 6 or  7 men, I wasn't sure how many
exactly. Two of them gently backed me up against the rough brick wall, and I
heard the sound of the roller doors being pulled down and locked, then I felt
a hand between my legs. I looked at the mans face, but all I could do was
open my legs wider for him. There was a man either side of me, and I put my
arms around their shoulders for support, they lifted my top to get at my tits
while the other man rubbed me between the legs. The rest of the men stood in
front of us watching, one was my husband.

After he smiled at me, I heard myself pleading with the man rubbing me to undo
my jeans. I moaned as I heard my zipper slide down, and then I felt the mans
fingers on my panties. The button on my jeans was still done up, he had his
hand in through the open zipper.

As soon as the man worked his fingers under the elastic  and found my pussy,
my head arched back, and I dug my fingernails into the shoulders of the men
supporting me. I begged them to bite my nipples, they laughed at me, then,
each grabbed one of my tits roughly , and lowered their mouths to my nipples.
I grunted loudly as first one, and then the other, took my nipples between
their teeth.

The other men moved closer, a  jumble of voices,...." What a  fucking slut!"
" The bitch loves it.".... " Who gets to fuck her first ? " They knew what to
say, what I wanted to hear.

I moaned quietly each time they called me a slut and a whore. Then, amid the
murmur of voices, I heard my husband tell the man to " stick a finger up her."

I was almost delirious, totally consumed by what the men were doing to me. I
felt a finger slide inside me, then two other men undid the button on my
jeans and pulled them down around my ankles. I almost came as I heard the
sound of my panties being ripped off me.

I was panting hard ,the two men that had pulled my jeans down were crouched
beside me, one to my left, one to my right, I watched  them reach between my
legs, they each grabbed one of my pussy lips between their fingers and thumb,
and gently pulled them apart, exposing my swollen clit. The men had cheered
as my panties were ripped off me, they cheered again as my clit was displayed
for them. The garage again echoed with the most disgusting and degrading
comments about the slut, about me, and I loved it.

That finger was still moving around inside me, and I was going to cum when
I heard my husband, he was calling out my name. I couldn't speak, I barely
had enough control over my body to lift my eyes toward his voice. The other
men stopped talking.  He called out my name again. " You get to pick ", he
said, looking around the garage. My head slumped foreword, I felt dizzy, I had
to cum." You get to pick someone to lick your clit." My knees buckled and gave
way as he said it, and the two men holding me tightened their grip.

After what these men had done to me, the thought of picking a man from the
crowd to lick me there, pushed me over the edge. I was panting and grunting,
thrusting myself against the mens fingers. Just as the first waves of my
orgasm were about to break between my legs and inside of me, the two men let
go of my pussy lips and I felt the finger slid out of me, and my nipples fell
 from the mouths that had been devouring them.

This wasn't happening, they couldn't stop now, I looked around the garage in
desperation, panting wildly as I did, my face pleading for just one of them
to say " let the slut cum," for just one of them to take pity on me, but none
did. My head slumped down in defeat, and a single tear rolled down my cheek.

I felt a hand under my chin, gently lifting my face, my husband stroked my
cheek and wiped away the tear. I  managed to whisper a low moaning
"please,"but he ignored me, and  I sobbed as I felt the orgasm that had
almost started to consume me recede.

The thought of picking a man from the crowd  to lick me there made my pussy
drip, and I bowed my head in embarrassment, imagining the comments the men
would make if they saw what was happening between my legs. But they hadn't
noticed, they were busy talking and laughing  about how big my clit was.

I looked at the faces of the men standing in front of me. There were more now,
at least a dozen. I couldn't remember any of their names, but I recognised
some of their faces. Then I saw him. He was standing at the back, behind the
others. He was tall and muscular. I had smiled at him a few times early in the
night, but each time he just looked me up and down and turned away. I had
tried to flirt with him once,  but he had ignored me as if  I wasn't there.

I had seen him kissing a young blonde, the huge bulge in his pants growing
even bigger as the blonde bitch rubbed it through his jeans, they caught me
staring at the outline of his cock and laughed at me. I despised him, he was
so smug and arrogant, his ego as big as his enormous cock. My eyes were
locked on his.

" I want him to do it."

" You've been watching me all night haven't you. " His deep voice dripped with
sarcasm. " Yes ." I couldn't believe I had answered so quickly. He wanted to
make a fool out of me, wanted me to degrade myself even more. And I was
more than happy to give in to him. " Why him ? " the blonde woman asked.

My head spun around in the direction of her voice. She was standing near a
side door just to my right. I had no idea how long  she had been there. A cold
chill ran down my spine as I saw the headlights of a passing car through the
open door. Anyone driving or walking past would have a clear view of me, as
would the houses across the road. " Shut the door ! " I gasped frantically.

" Don't tell me what to do you fucking little slut ! "

" I'm sorry." I whimpered to the blonde woman. I knew she could spoil
everything for me if she wanted to. " Please...I'm sorry. I shouldn't have
spoken to you like that." I hated everything about the stuck up blonde bitch,
but I would have got down on my hands and knees and licked her feet if that's
what it took for her to forgive me. She had looked down her nose at me all
night, now she had every right to.

A car pulled up in front of the open door, then disappeared into the darkness
as the driver turned off the lights. " Why do you want the door shut slut ? "
She knew that she had won, and she was going to make me squirm.

" I shouldn't have said anything .....I'm sorry. " I desperately wanted the
door shut, but not if  she wanted it open. If I was to get what I wanted from
these men, I was going to need her approval. She had seen me  look at her
with contempt a dozen times through the night, an hour ago I had called her a
flat chested bimbo as I passed her in the upstairs hallway. Now she was the
beautiful mistress of the house, and I was the lowly chamber maid, a  cheap
servant girl who had forgotten her place. I willingly humbled myself before
her.

" Why don't you just cover yourself up." She looked me up and down as she
spoke, her gaze lingering between my legs. The thought of covering myself had
never even occurred to me.  I didn't want to cover myself. I needed these men
to finish what they had started.

" I can't, they're not finished with me yet."  I looked at the men in the
garage as I spoke. I knew she wanted to think of me as a cheap slut, and  I
hoped this answer would please her, it did. I had submitted to her completely
now, we both knew it, and we both enjoyed it.

My mind was racing, I could see her as my mistress, I was dressed in a French
Maids uniform, I was kneeling at her feet  putting her shoes on her, then I
was taking her robe off her as I helped her into a bath she had instructed me
to prepare, then I was standing beside a lounge, holding a tray with a bottle
of Champaign on it as she made love to her boyfriend, then I was  lying on a
rug in front of a fireplace masturbating, while she sat in a huge leather
chair watching me, she told me she wanted me to cum now, I said "thank you
mistress " and came the instant she gave me permission to.

Her voice pulled me back from the fantasies. She was standing by the door.
For the first time I saw how beautiful she was. Everything about her had style
and class. I knew from the look on her face she was thinking how cheap and
slutty I looked. I felt a strange sense of satisfaction knowing she thought of
me in that way.

" It seems to me that you like an audience. I thought you would have thanked
me,now people can line up outside and watch you make a spectacle of yourself.
"

I should have hung my head in embarrassment as she amused herself at my
expense but I didn't, I felt no embarrassment I felt no shame,the pleasure of
what was happening was so intense so all consuming that I didn't care about
anything else anymore.

" Do you want me to shut the door slut ? " She was enjoying herself.

"  What I want doesn't matter. What you want does, it's up to you " I looked
into her eyes as I spoke. I wanted her to know that I meant what I said.

" You're pathetic ! " she said , as she flung the door shut and walked toward
me."Now, you were asking my boyfriend to stick his tongue between your legs,
weren't you." She was standing right in front of me, looking me up and down.

" He doesn't like you. You're too cheap, too easy. He likes women with a bit
of class about them." Her eyes moved down my body, and lingered between my
legs.

" Um sweetie...your pussy is dripping."  "I'm sorry." I cringed as I
apologised to her for being so wet."No you're not,don't lie to me you horny
little slut ! "

The men had been silent as they watched her take control of me. But they were
laughing now, making the most vulgar and crude comments about my pussy and how
wet it was. I felt myself getting even wetter.

" And look at the size of your clit ! No wonder you're such a slut. You must
get horny just walking down the street with a clit that big." Her finger was
only an inch from my clit as she pointed at it. If she touched me there, I
would cum all over her, and she knew it. She moved her finger up and down
slowly, pretending to stroke it. I couldn't help it , I thrust my hips
towards her finger, and she pulled her hand away. "  Ooh so you're a fucking
dyke too ! "

" Oh god I'm sorry, I didn't mean too. "  She moved her finger back to the
space an inch from my clit, again pretending to caress me. I couldn't stop
myself from panting loudly as she teased me, all my efforts were concentrated
on not pushing myself against her finger. It didn't matter that she was a
woman, I was there for anybody who wanted me.

" I'll tell you what we're going to do."  She stared into my eyes as she
spoke. " I will let you cum on my boyfriends tongue." I moaned loudly as she
said it.

" But first, I'm going to cum on your tongue." I couldn't take any more, I
was cumming, I grunted and dug my fingers into the men who were holding me. I
threw my head back as my orgasm took hold of me. But as quickly as it had
erupted inside me it faded away. Just a taste of the real pleasure that
awaited me.

I lifted my head towards the blonde woman.

" Oh god, please...rub it...please..."  I was thrusting myself against nothing
but the cool night air. I tried to touch myself, but the men holding wouldn't
let me. I begged her to rub me but she just laughed at me. I looked around
the room in desperation, pleading for someone to help me, but no one did.

I was almost hysterical, tears were rolling down my cheeks. I whimpered
"  Please." one more time, as I  slumped  into the arms of the men holding me.

My clit throbbed in frustration. I felt dizzy as I lifted my head, but I
could hear the blonde womans voice, she was calling out my name. I took
control of my breathing and concentrated on her voice. Slowly the dizziness
subsided into a hazy light-headed feeling.

" No one said you could cum you fucking little slut ! " Her words stung me
into consciousness. "  I'm sorry, I couldn't hold it back any longer  "

She touched me gently on the cheek, I closed my eyes and enjoyed the
tenderness of her hand as she stroked my cheek. " But you're worse off now
than you were before, aren't you." She understood.

" Then do as you're fucking told ! "

" I will, I'm sorry." My voice was still little more than a whisper. " Tell me
what you want me to do, I'll do whatever you want. "

"  You will cum on my boyfriends tongue, with the help of all these other
men, but first, you will make me cum with your tongue." I nodded  a few times
and bowed my head in shame,not because I had to go down on her to get what I
wanted but because I wanted to go down on her.

She put her hand under my chin and lifted my head.

" Once I'm finished with you, you will suck my boyfriend off, and you won't
waste a drop, do you understand." I knew what she meant, I answered her by
licking my lips.

" Ok boys, the slut likes an audience, but I don't. Wait outside." She was the
kind of woman who could get men to do anything for her. The men filed out
the side door, my husband smiled at me as he left. I could see them standing
near the door as the blonde woman closed it on them. They were hanging around
like a pack of  animals, waiting to get their turn with the bitch on heat,
waiting to get their turn with me.

" I'm sorry for the way I treated you earlier," I said " I was just jealous
of you."  But she had no interest in talking to me, she wanted me to know she
was just using me, that I was only good for one thing as far she was
concerned. She motioned for me to get down on my knees and I did, my top was
still pulled up under my arms, my jeans still down around my knees. She stood
 in front of me, my face only a few inches away from her crotch as she
reached under her dress and slid her white lace panties down to her ankles.
Then she lifted her expensive cream woollen dress and spread her legs.

She wanted me to do it now, but I'd never done this to another woman before.
I wanted her to enjoy me. I wanted to make it as good for her as I could.I
gently rested my hands on her thighs and parted her lips with my thumbs. She
was wet and her clit was swollen. I licked it and she moaned softly, I
flicked it with my tongue and she moaned again.

I enjoyed the way her body reacted to what I was doing to her. But she had
lost patience with me and grabbed the back of my head and buried my face
between her legs.I looked up at her as I licked and sucked on her clit, but
her eyes were shut, she didn't even want to look at me.

She was breathing heavy and rubbing herself against my mouth as I licked her.
Soon she was thrusting herself against my mouth, panting and moaning as she
came. When she'd finished, she turned her back to me as she  pulled up her
panties and adjusted her dress, before opening the door to let the men back
in.

When my husband came through the door she put her hand on his chest and
whispered something to him,  then she kissed him on the lips, he had his hand
on her arse. He looked at me and smiled, " Enjoy yourself" was all he said and
then left with the blonde woman. He was going to fuck her. I was happy for
him, but now  I was on my own with a dozen horny men. I'd felt safe while my
husband was there, now , these men had me to themselves.

My legs were weak and shaking as the two men supporting me lowered me to my
knees, at the feet of a man I detested. My hands shook as I undid his belt
and zipper, and he pushed them away. "	Useless slut !" He said as he pulled
his cock from his pants. I felt the blood drain from my face as I  saw his
cock for the first time. He laughed, and I knew why. He was still soft. He
had seen every part of my body, he had watched me squirm like a slut on heat
at the hands of the other men, but he was still soft. I hadn't aroused him.
It was the ultimate insult, everybody knew it. My humiliation was almost
complete.

My hands were still shaking as I wrapped my fingers around it. I guided it to
my mouth and wrapped my lips around it. I felt it begin to swell in my mouth,
as I sucked on it. He grabbed my hair and pulled my head foreword, making me
swallow more of his cock. It was hard now, and he pulled it out of my mouth
and told me to lick it.

I licked along the shaft, then his balls, then back along the shaft of his
cock again. I tried to play with myself but the men holding me slapped my
hand away. I looked up at the man I despised, his cock sliding in and out of
my mouth, while he looked down at me with that smug grin. His cock was
throbbing in my mouth as I felt his cum squirt against the back of my throat,
and I kept my promise to the blonde woman, I didn't waste a drop.

Then another one of the men stood beside me, undid his pants and pulled out
his cock. It was smaller, but already stiff and hard, he shoved it in my mouth
and before long my mouth was filled with his cum.

One after the other men walked over to me with their cocks in their hands
wanting their turn. They kept count as each of them came in my mouth and I
swallowed as much as I could.

They said " Seven " as a man pulled his cock from my mouth and another
stood in front of me and said "  I'm not sticking my cock in this dirty sluts
mouth." Then started jerking off and his cum squirted all over my face.

" Eight " I heard them say. As number nine walked up to me. His cock was
smaller than any of the others and I was able to take it all in my mouth. I
gagged as his cum hit the back of my throat. " Nine. "

The two men that had supported my body earlier were still standing beside me.
They hadn't had a turn yet. They told me to lie down over there, and pointed
to the dirtiest part of the floor of the garage.

There was a large black oil stain, and I was lying right on top of it as the
two men stood over me and I reached up and started jerking them off.

Their cum squirted all over me, my tits my hair, I was covered in cum.
" Ten and Eleven.....anyone else " I heard the men say. But they had all had
a turn. Now it was finally my turn to get what I wanted from them. What I had
been waiting so long for.

I was covered in their cum, and grease and dirt, one of them threw me a rag
to clean myself up with. Then two of them dragged me to my feet and  backed
me up to the wall again. I put my arms around them for support, just as I had
done earlier. One of them shoved two fingers up me and started	sliding  them
in and out of my pussy.The men who had pulled the lips of my pussy apart did
so again.

I looked at the man who was about to lick my throbbing clit. He hesitated, his
tongue only inches from where I wanted it.

" Please " I pleade." I did everything you wanted me too."I felt someone
moving behind me,hands behind me. I realised what was happening just as a
finger began to work it's way up my arse. I couldn't help myself, I rode the
finger until it was sliding in and out of my arse,in rhythm with the fingers
that were pounding in and out of my pussy. Then I felt his tongue on my clit
and I screamed out.

I don't know how many times I came. The intensity of what happened to me was
indescribable. Eventually, I had to plead with them to stop, I wanted more , I
just couldn't take anymore.

            ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 2. THE DINNER.

At first what had happened at the party last night had seemed more a dream
than a memory. But after reliving it all  through her own words as she wrote
in the diary, Lynne knew how very real it all was.

She'd wanted to talk to her husband about it, but she didn't know what to say,
and he'd said nothing except to write down what happened in the diary. And he
did fuck that blonde bitch, she knew he did. She was so confused, more than
anything because she felt no guilt or shame in what she had done. All the
memories of the events of last night did, was make her very wet, very quickly.

Lynne kept reaching between her legs to play with herself as she wrote. She
had to force herself not too, she had never felt the desire to masturbate as
desperately as she did now. When she'd finished writing about what had
happened at the party she leaned over to her bedside table and reached to the
bottom left hand corner. A feeling of relief came over her as her hand wrapped
around the hard plastic vibrator.

She didn't just want to masturbate,  she had too. She undid the belt on her
robe and slowly slid her soaked panties down her legs, and  threw them on
the bed beside her. The vibrator purred as she turned the knob on the end,
and brought it to her mouth. She licked the tip twice and then flicked it over
her stiff nipples. She moaned softly as she snaked the vibrator over the soft
skin of her stomach, and then the inside of her thighs. She held it against
the swollen lips of her pussy, and moaned again as she started to slide it up
herself. She felt her orgasm swelling inside her as she masturbated.

From past experiences she knew how make her  orgasm more intense. She would
bring herself to the edge by fucking herself with the vibrator, then just as
she started cumming, she would pull it out and push it hard against her clit.
That moment was almost upon her. " What the fuck are you doing ! "

Her husbands voice, filled with anger, shocked her out of the sexual trance
she had been in. She looked up at him, the room silent, except for the sound
of her vibrator. " Um......I was just....." He snatched the vibrator off her
and looked at it in disgust. " You were just fucking yourself with a piece of
plastic like some bored, frustrated little fucking housewife !" he roared.

"I'm sorry I..." She couldn't look at her husband.

"Where did you get this?"

" At a lingerie party at Jans last year.....but I never use it...This is the
first..."

" BULL FUCKING SHIT ! Don't lie to me Lynne ! How often do you use this ?"

She looked up at him, tears starting to roll down her cheeks. " Not much, I
don't use it much..........just sometimes if you're away or........"

She couldn't understand why her husband was so disgusted and furious with
her. Last night he had left her alone with a dozen men. Knowing that they
were all going	to get off on her. For all he knew they could have all fucked
her, not just cum in her mouth, or jerked off on her. So why was he so upset
to find her masturbating in the privacy of her own bed.

" You will NEVER use this again without asking me first, do you understand?"
She nodded her head, but she didn't understand. " You will Never masturbate
again without asking me first ! " His voice seemed calmer now.

" Yes, I'm sorry." she said softly. " I'll never use it again without asking
you."

" Or masturbate !" He demanded.

" No...I won't.....I'm sorry ..I won't masturbate again without asking you
first."

Her words brought a calm look to his face, and he smiled warmly at her.

" I'm glad you understand Lynne. Now clean yourself up,  I've made us some
lunch." With that, he threw the still vibrating toy next to her on the bed and
left the room. She desperately wanted to finish herself off. She was so close.
But she didn't want to get caught again. She'd knew she'd have to wait.

She showered again, and put on a pair of tight cut off denim shorts and a
white shirt, tied in a knot under her breasts. Her husband had always liked
her dressed like this, and all she wanted at that moment was to make him
happy. She actually felt nervous as she put on some light makeup, nervous
about having lunch with her husband.

Lynne wandered through the house looking for her husband, she heard his
voice coming from the study. " You knock before you come barging into a
room Lynne !" He spat at her, his hand over the mouthpiece of the phone.

" I'm sorry....." She replied quickly, nervously. " I'll call you back. " He
said quietly into the phone and hung up. " That's something else you won't do
again, isn't it Lynne ? " She nodded sheepishly. " No, I won't do it again."

They ate lunch in the  sunshine on the back patio. The atmosphere was
tense, the  conversation forced and trivial. He didn't want to talk about last
night, and she wasn't going to force the issue. " I thought we'd go out for
dinner tonight." he said. " That would be great hunny." A nice romantic dinner
together was just what they needed. Last night was a big mistake, she knew
that now. She had hurt her husband, and she wanted to make it up to him.
Dinner would be a good start.

The party where she had acted in a way that she would never had thought
possible had been on Friday night. Her husband had caught her masturbating
Saturday morning, and she had thought a romantic dinner together Saturday
night would help to start to put things right between them.

Now it was Sunday morning and she was lying alone on their bed, freshly
showered in her white robe, writing in the diary again.
I don't know what has happened to me since the party Friday night. Everything
is different now. I thought it was just a mistake. The wine, the grass, things
just happened, didn't they ? Or had my husband married a slut ?

After lunch Saturday my husband suggested I have a nap. I'd fallen asleep
quickly, still drained from the night before. But my sleep was filled with
dreams of the blonde woman. She was making me do things. Things I would never
have dreamt of just a day before. I woke up with my hand between my legs,
my pussy soaked again.

My husband came into the room as soon as I woke, and I pulled my hand away
from my crotch like a thief caught in the act. " I've run you a bath." he
said casually. I soaked in the warm water and bubbles for an hour drinking
the Champaign my husband had brought into me. He told me to wear my best
dress, " that nice black one." I spent an hour getting ready. G-String
panties, a black lace bra and garter, sheer black stockings and black heels.
I spent ages making sure my makeup was just right, that my perfume was just
the right amount. Finally I stood back and looked at myself in the mirror. I
looked good. Nothing like that woman in the garage at the party last night
looked.

We talked and laughed happily together as we drove into the city. He wouldn't
say where we were going for dinner. He wanted to surprise me. I admired my
husband in the light from passing cars	and streetlamps. He  has always been
a handsome man. But tonight he looked even more attractive and sexy than I
had seen him before in his sports coat and tie. I'd seen the clothes before,
but the man wearing them seemed different somehow.

We passed the Coke sign at Kings Cross and headed towards Elizabeth Bay.
I was surprised when we pulled up in front of a renovated town house in
Roslyn Gardens. I followed my husband up the steps and was about to ask
him what was going on, when the blonde woman opened the door.

She kissed my husband on the cheek. " You remember Lynne." He said
without looking at me, she glanced at me, but didn't say anything.

My mind was racing, I didn't understand. What was going on ? Why were we here
? Why was She here ! They walked off arm in arm and I followed them into a
large sitting room. The house and everything in it almost smelt of money.

They sat on a large leather couch, an identical one opposite it, with a huge
carved timber coffee table in the middle. A small fire was crackling in an
ornate fireplace to their right. I was standing behind the couch opposite
them trying to figure out what the hell was going on. From where I stood, I
could see a  dining room, with a large	round Tasmanian Oak table in the
middle. The table was set with expensive crockery, cutlery and glassware. A
magnificent candelabra stood, unlit, in the middle of the table. There were
eight places set. Surely we weren't going to have our romantic dinner here.
With Her !

" What's going on...." I started to speak, but a glare from the blonde woman
quickly silenced me.

" Do you always speak to your husband like that, " She said as if scolding a
child.  " No....I'm sorry....I was just wandering if...." The look in her eyes
made me stop talking. She had a presence, an air of authority that I couldn't
stop myself from submitting to.

" You were wandering if we are having dinner here, weren't you." I nodded
meekly. " We are." She said with an almost evil smile on her face. " And you
will be serving us our dinner. Come with me." I looked at my husband, but
he was looking at her.

I didn't want to follow her down the hallway, but I did. " In here." She said
abruptly, as she took me into a bedroom. Like the rest of the house, it was
lavishly decorated, with high ornate ceilings. A large four poster bed stood
against one wall, a matching dresser opposite. The blonde woman motioned
toward an Elizabethan style settee with a low table in front of it. I sat
where she pointed for me to sit, and she sat beside me. There was a bottle of
Champaign in an icebucket on the table in front of us. The same brand as my
husband had given me to relax with in the bath.

" Pour us both a drink Lynne." The blonde woman said softly. My hand was
shaking as I poured the champagne and I had to struggle so as not to spill
any. " Drink it and pure yourself another." She said in that demanding voice
that I seemed drawn to obey. My eyes watered as I struggled to drink the large
glass in one attempt, but I did, and I poured myself another as she spoke.

" You enjoyed yourself last night didn't you Lynne !" I motioned to speak but
she held up here hand, and I remained silent. " You enjoyed yourself very much
last night. And I enjoyed you, as did all those men. But your husband felt
somewhat.............left out.  As he did this morning when he caught you
masturbating." I nearly dropped my glass. He had told HER about that.

" You're a selfish little slut aren't you Lynne." I glared at her and snapped
back. " I'm not a slut ! " A smile lit up her face as she said " No, of course
not. You're all class, aren't you Lynne." She took a sip from her glass and
said firmly. " Don't interrupt me again Lynne !"  She paused letting her
command linger in the air for a moment,

" Do you love your husband Lynne ? " I wanted to answer but I didn't know if I
should. How could my husband not know how much I love him?

" All your husband and I expect from you tonight is that you do as you are
told! You didn't have any trouble doing what all those men with their big
cocks told you to do last night did you Lynne ? I told your husband that I
thought you were a selfish little slut who was only interested in herself.
That's why you threw yourself at anybody who wanted you last night, and
that's why you fucked yourself like a horny little schoolgirl with your big
toy this morning. But your husband disagrees. He thinks you will enjoy
sharing yourself with him tonight, by doing what we want. He believes in you.
He loves you. But we shall see who is right."

" I'll do whatever he wants me to !" I said defiantly.

" I hope for your husbands sake that you do." She said ominously." And that
means doing whatever you're told, without hesitation."

"  She won't let me down." My husband said from the doorway. " I trust her."

I looked at him, I  wanted to please him, to make up for the things I'd done
that had upset him.

" I'll do whatever you want, whatever she wants. I won't ever disappoint you
again." He smiled at me and walked away closing the door behind him.

The blonde woman explained what was expected of me. There were eight for
dinner including her and my husband. I was to serve the food and drinks, and
to do whatever else I was told to do. I was to address all the women,
including her as Madam, and all the men including my husband as Sir.

All the talk about serving people, and doing whatever I was told had started
to stir something inside me. Something that I found out about myself at the
party last night. I like to do as I'm told. I like to be put on show. I like
to be humiliated. And I knew that's what they were going to do to me. And my
pussy was getting wet thinking about it.

" I won't disappoint my husband, and I won't disappoint you." I said. And
I meant it. The other thing I had learnt about myself, was that I wanted to
please the blonde woman almost as much as I wanted to please my husband.
What had happened at the party had changed everything. There was no point
trying to deny that now.

The blonde woman looked me up and down, she was pleased with my answer, and
the sincerity with which I had given it. " That's a lovely dress " she said.
" But you won't be needing it tonight. Drink the rest of your Champaign and
take it off. " I only hesitated for a moment, but I sensed her displeasure,
so I forced myself to gulp down the Champaign, and stood up, undoing the zip
in the back of my dress. She sipped on her Champaign as she  watched me slide
out of my dress. " Lay it on the bed and take off the rest of your clothes."

I did as she instructed, I was laying my panties on the bed when  the door
swung open and an attractive young woman with very  short black hair walked
into the room.

My first instincts should have been to cover myself, , but I didn't  instead,
I turned so she could have better view of me. She was wearing a French Maids
uniform, complete with the white head piece, and she carried another in her
hand.

" I've brought Lynnes uniform as you instructed Mistress." She said timidly.

" Help her put it on Kelly." The blonde woman said. And Kelly knelt at my feet
with a pair of black G-String panties. Soon, with Kellys help, I was in the
frilly little uniform, the hem not far below my crotch.

The two of us stood before the blonde woman, her eyes roaming over our
bodies as she spoke. " Kelly knows what is required, and you will follow her
instructions. You will address her as Miss. She has authority over you, and
you will do whatever she tells you too.  Do you understand Lynne ? "

" Yes Madam, I understand." I answered respectfully. Just obeying her and
calling her madam aroused me.

" Thankyou Mistress " Kelly said politely, before leading me out into the
hall.

" And Kelly." The blonde woman called after her.. " Don't hurt her."

" No Mistress " Kelly said with a guilty look on her face.

As we walked down the hall toward the kitchen, I found myself admiring
Kellys legs and arse, something I wouldn't have done just  24 hours ago.
But so much had changed in that short space of time. Or maybe nothing had
changed. Maybe what happened at the party had just brought out something
in me that had always been there. Maybe my husband had married a slut.

When we got to the kitchen Kelly walked around me, looking at me with an
expression on her face that unsettled me.

" So....you're the new plaything hey !" She said with a hint of jealousy.

" I'm no ones plaything Kelly, I'm here with my husband, we're just having a
bit of fun. Now...."

" Don't you call me Kelly you Fucking Little Slut !" She shouted at me.

" I'm....I'm sorry." I stuttered.

" I may only be the little servant girl, but you're just the plaything. Your
the servant girls servant. That's why you have to call me Miss. Understand
slut!"

" Yes Miss." I forced myself to say.

She circled around me again. " If I bend over this bench and tell you to stick
your tongue up my arse you do it ! If I tell you ....."

" What's going on in here ! " My husband demanded from the doorway.

" I'm sorry Sir " Kelly said anxiously. This is my husband you fucking little
bitch. I thought to myself. I enjoyed watching the blood drain from her pretty
little face as she waited anxiously to see what my husband would do to her.

" It's not your fault Kelly."  he said softly. " You were told to address her
as Miss, weren't you Lynne !"  My husband was turning red with anger at me.

" You were told to do whatever she fucking tells you to do !......Weren't you
Lynne.!"

His expression changed to one of disappointment. " I guess I was wrong, you
are just a selfish little slut. I'll call you a taxi...." His voice trailed
off as he turned his back on me to walk away.

" No Sir. Please. I'm sorry !" I thought calling him Sir would please him.
Show him that I really did want to be whatever it was he wanted me to be. But
his face was empty when he looked back at me. Devoid of any emotion.

I really didn't understand what was happening to me. All I did know was that
I liked it. I liked it very much. Kelly was right, I was a plaything. And very
soon my husband, the blonde woman and six strangers would be seated around
that table as I served them. And I knew they were going to humiliate me,
degrade me in all sorts of ways, make me do all sorts of obscene things and
the thought of it made me giddy with anticipation.

The simple fact was I wanted to be their plaything. My husband and the blonde
woman already knew that, and the thought of being sent home in a taxi now
made me realise it now too. I had never been more arouse and excited in my
life. This wasn't going to end with me being sent home in a taxi now.

" Please...." I pleaded with  my husband. " I'm sorry, I won't disappoint you
again. I promise. " I moved over to Kelly.

" I'm sorry Miss." I'll do whatever you want." A gloating smile lit up her
pretty face, she was enjoying her victory over me.

" Please tell me what I can do to make it up to you Miss." I begged  her."
I'll do anything."

" Don't disappoint me again Lynne ! " was all my husband said as he walked
out of the kitchen. . " Now little slut." Kelly said with a sickeningly smug
look on her face. " Lift up your dress and bend over that stool."

I did as she instructed without hesitating. Being obedient was becoming
easier, more natural.As I was bent over the stool, with my dress up over my
back, she grabbed the waist of my G-String panties and pulled them up
hard into the crack of my arse cheeks.

" You're a bad little slut." She said menacingly." And bad little sluts have
to be punished."

I gasped each time her hand slapped across the cheeks of my bare arse.
She abused me in the most vulgar manner as her hand repeatedly smacked
hard against the soft skin of my arse. But mingled with the pain was a hint of
pleasure as she punished me.

" Hi Kelly." A voice I hadn't heard before said. A shiver of embarrassment
ran through my body, replaced quickly by pain as her hand smacked me
even harder.

" Hi Nathan." Kelly replied casually, as she looked down at me.

The voice belonged to a young man, more a boy really,  no more  than 16 or
17 years old. He was carrying trays of something, his eyes darted from my arse
to my face and then back to my arse again.

" Just on the bench here thanks Nathan." Kelly said as her hand slapped
hard against the now red cheeks of my arse again. He never took his eyes
off me as he put the trays down on the bench beside me. I was getting so wet
between the legs that I could feel drops of my juice running down my thighs
as I watched him watching me. And I moaned quietly as I saw the bulge grow in
the front of his jeans.

" This will give you something to jerk off to tonight Nathan." Kelly said as
her hand smacked me hard on my arse again.

" Kelly ! " The young man protested.

" Her name is Lynne. And she's been a bad little slut." Kelly said. "  Say
hello to Nathan Lynne."

" Hello Nathan." I panted.

Kelly slapped me hard, one more time, and then said " Alright Nathan, you
better go before you cum in your pants." Nathan looked at me for just a
moment longer, and left. Kelly reached between my legs and felt how wet I
was. I moaned again, louder this time as her fingers brushed over pussy.

" You are a horny little slut aren't you." She said, as if repulsed by the way
my body was reacting. " You like being punished, don't you. You fucking...."

" And what are you two little bitches up to ?" The blonde woman said as she
walked into the kitchen. She looked absolutely beautiful in my expensive
black dress.

Kelly and I fell silent, in awe of both her presence and her beauty. " Do you
like it Lynne." She asked in an almost seductive voice. " Your husband says
it looks better on me than it does on you."  He was right.

" I love the feel of these panties, they really hug you in all the right
places....don't they ? The bra is a bit loose, but your tits are too big."

She was wearing everything I had worn to have dinner with my husband. Not
just my dress, but my panties, my stockings,my  garter, my shoes.

" What are you doing Kelly ? " She asked ominously.

" I....I was just......She was...." I could hear the fear in her voice.

" You were just abusing the trust I put in you, again , weren't you Kelly !

" Yes Mistress. " Kelly confessed reluctantly.

" That is why you are only a little servant girl, and why you will only ever
be alittle servant girl. You're greed and impatience to satisfy your own
desires, shows you for the little slut that you are ! "

I could smell my perfume on the blonde woman as she leant down to bring
her face level with mine. " Did you enjoy the spanking Kelly just gave you
Lynne."

" Um sort of I....... "

" Tell the truth ! " She said sensing my hesitation.

" No madam, not really, No I didn't...."

" She loved it Mistress. "Kelly said quickly, a hint of panic in her voice."
She soaked her panties......"

" And you think it was you that made her pussy wet !" The blonde woman
interrupted. " You stupid little slut ! You arrogantly assume that you
spanking her made her sweet little pussy wet."

" But it did mistress. Feel her panties, they're soaking wet. The little
whore.."

" I know her panties are wet Kelly." The blonde woman interrupted again." But
it wasn't you spanking her that gave our little cunt a wet cunt. Was it
Lynne?"

She didn't give me time to answer. " What made her lovely little cunt drip
was having to stand here like this in front of young Nathan." She started
stroking my hair gently as she spoke. " And seeing his young cock grow stiff
in his pants as he watched you spank her really made her little clit twitch,
didn't it Lynne ? "  Again she didn't wait for me to answer. She didn't need
to. She understood me better than I understood myself.

" Do you want Kelly to continue spanking you Lynne ? " The blonde woman
asked me as she tenderly stroked my hair.

" No Madam I don't." I said, hoping she really did want the truth.

" See Kelly." The blonde woman said. " Lynne is not ready to be punished in
this way yet. When she is, she won't want it to stop. She'll beg for more. But
you can't see whether she is ready or not, and worse still you don't care. You
are just a horny selfish little dyke who can't control herself when she gets
her hands on a nice piece of pussy like this."

The blonde woman motioned for me to stand up. " Show me your panties Lynne. "
Obeying her was almost instinctive now, as I lifted the front of my dress to
show her what she wanted to see, my soaking wet panties,

" Show me your panties Kelly." Kelly, lifted the front of her dress, just as I
had done. There was a small damp patch on the crotch of Kellys panties.

" The two of you swap panties." The blonde woman said. I hesitated for a
moment, Kelly didn't. She obeyed immediately, sliding her panties down her
legs, giving me a brief glimpse of her bald pussy. I quickly did the same.
Kelly bit her bottom lip as she felt my wet panties against her shaved pussy.

Another new sensation ran through my body as I felt the damp crotch of Kellys
panties hug me between the legs.The blonde woman said something to Kelly but
I was too distracted to hear.Then she looked into my eyes and said

" Lynne has a long night ahead of her we need to keep her fresh."

Then Kelly was standing beside me with a large glass of cold water and a
bottle of scotch. I gulped the water down, it felt good.Then Kelly handed me
the scotch, and I took a long swig on the bottle, then another.

"Feeling better?" The blonde woman asked." Yes Madam" I said. "Thankyou"

The sudden cold of the water was refreshing, like diving into a pool of cool
water on a hot day. And the warm burning scotch had helped steady my
nerves.

" Kelly. " The blonde woman said sternly. " From now on you will call Lynne
Miss, and do whatever she tells you too. You will be her little servant girl
too."

" Yes Mistress." Kelly replied, her head bowed.

" Lynne. " The blonde woman said mischievously. " There are a few smudges
on your shoes. Have them attended to." With that she turned and left. God
she looked good in my dress, I thought to myself as I watched her.

My eyes wandered over Kellys body as I assessed the charms of the pretty
little lesbian in the French Maids Uniform.

" The blonde woman, the Mistress, what's her name ?" I asked as I ran my
finger across the outline of her swollen nipples.

" I don't know Miss. She's never told me and I've never asked." Her body
stiffened as I reached under her skirt and stroked her gently between her
legs.

" And just what are you ? " I asked with disdain. " Are you her servant....her
slave.....and what the fuck does she do with a slut dyke like you anyway !"

She moved her feet apart to open her legs for me, to make it easier for me to
grope her.

" Sometimes I'm her servant, sometimes I'm her slave, sometimes I'm just
her slut. I'm whatever she wants me to be. And I do whatever she wants me to
do." She said, her breath getting heavier as I rubbed my finger up and down
the outline of her slit.

" And how long have you been her...her whatever you are ?" I asked as I slid
a finger inside her panties and rubbed her wet bald pussy."

" I've been here a bit over a year Miss." She said, her hips starting to
thrust slowly against my finger as I stroked her slippery clit.

" I get jealous of new girls like you Miss." She added voluntarily. " I know
one day she'll get bored with me and replace me with a new girl. A girl like
you. You've got great tits Miss. And the Mistress loves sluts with big tits.

Her voice was getting softer her fists clenched. I knew she was close to
cumming so I pulled my hand out from between her legs. Her eyes pleaded
with me to make her cum. I stuck my finger in her mouth and she sucked her
juices off it hungrily. " Please Miss. " She moaned. " Please don't stop now."

' No dirty little slut Dyke like you is cumming on my finger." I spat at her.

" Of course Miss. I'm sorry. I don't deserve to cum on your finger." Her
pathetic little voice sent a shiver of excitement through me. " May I touch
myself please Miss, May I finger myself like the cheap slut that I am ? "  Her
eyes told me how desperate she was to cum.

" Maybe later." I said smugly.

" Thank you Miss." she panted, accepting my right to deny her the pleasure she
was so close to being consumed by.

" Excuse me Miss." Kelly said meekly. " Would you like me to take care of
those smudges on your shoes now ? " Kelly seemed to understand something
about this that I didn't.

" Yes Kelly "  I said, trying to sound in control.

I can't describe the sensation that ran through my body as Kelly sunk to her
knees in front of me, and then lowered her face to my feet, resting her weight
on her hands either side of me, and started cleaning my shoes with her tongue.

I had experience so many new emotions and sensations in the past 24 hours.
Watching this beautiful young woman, on her hands and knees, licking my
shoes was another one. The panties that she had worn a few moments ago
were now soaking up the juices pouring from my pussy.

She really would do whatever I told her too. Just the thought of it made my
clit swell.

" Is that satisfactory Miss ?" She asked looking up at me.

" No !" I snapped at her. " Crawl around the back and do my heals." She did
as I had ordered. I made her take my shoes off and lick my feet and suck my
toes through my stockings. I let her lie on the floor in front of me and
masturbate, while I called her a cheap little slut and a whore, but made her
stop just before she came. I made her lick my arsehole, but had to stop her
because I knew how much noise I would make if I came with her tongue up my
arse. I took my panties off and made her clean my juices off the crotch with
her tongue. I enjoyed her submissiveness. I enjoyed being cruel to the little
dyke.

" Hi Kelly, Hi Lynne." Nathan said shyly as he walked into the kitchen again.
He had another young man with him, who was even younger than Nathan, both
were carrying trays of food.

" Kellys been a very naughty little slut Nathan. Do you think I should punish
her." The thrill of making the little bitch do all these disgusting things
disappeared in an instant of panic as I heard the blonde woman walk into
the room.

" Hello Nathan, Hello Trent." She said casually. I grabbed Kellys arm and
pulled her up. I knew my face betrayed my guilt, but she didn't seem to
notice.

" Is that the last of the food boys ?" She said. They both nodded nervously.

" Start organising the food Kelly, Lynne, light the candelabra and then Kelly
will show you what you need to know. She started to leave, and suddenly
turned back. " Have you fixed the boys up with their tip Lynne." I shook my
head, " Um....No Madam, I'll um...I'll just get my purse."

Kelly and the two boys sniggered. " You won't need your purse Lynne." The
blonde woman said. "  Do it in the laundry."

Suddenly I realised what she meant. A wave of embarrassment swamped
me. Not because of what I was about to do to these two boys, but because
I was too stupid or naive to realise what she had meant in the first place.

Kelly led me and the two boys into a large laundry off the kitchen. " It
won't take long Miss." She said as the two boys lent up against the wall. I
crouched down in front of young Nathan, undid his zip and took out his stiff
young cock. Just as I wrapped my lips around it he thrust it into my mouth
and started humping my face. His cock wasn't all that big, but god it was so
stiff. He humped my face less than a dozen times before his young cum filled
my mouth. I swallowed it hungrily, but there was so much that some dripped
out the sides of my mouth. I wiped my mouth with my fingers, and licked my
fingers clean.

I crouched in front of his younger friend Trent. I didn't want to even think
just how young this boy was. His cock was small, but like Nathan, very stiff
and hard. I slid it into my mouth, and licked the bottom of it with my
tongue. He came straight away. I had all of his stiff little cock in my
mouth, so his cum slid easily down my throat.

When I walked back into the Kitchen, Kelly handed me my handbag and a
damp cloth. " You better clean yourself up Miss." She said politely. " You
might want to touch up your makeup too Miss."

After I had fixed myself up, Kelly showed me what was required of me. I kept
being as contemptuous and nasty to the little dyke as I could, and I enjoyed
every minute of it. Even more because she hated every minute of it. She hated
being the playthings servant. What did that say about her ?

I was reminding her of this very point while we were  lighting the candelabra.
" So little Dyke slut ! " I snarled at the little bitch. " If I'm the
plaything, and you're my servant, what the fuck does that make you ? "

" It makes me whatever you want me to be Miss." She said, trying to hide
her contempt for me. But it was obvious that she loathed me. I could see it
in her eyes. She hated me for what I had made her do since the blonde woman
gave me authority over her. I could almost hear her thoughts.

" If only the mistress hadn't caught me spanking you....you fucking slut.
You'd be sticking your tongue up my arse. If only...."

But she had been caught, and she had paid the price. And I intended to make
her keep paying all night. I was surprised at how cruel I could be with Kelly.
And surprised at how much I delighted in it.

She was lighting the last of the candles with a match she held between the
thumb and index finger of her right hand. She was about to blow the match
out when I told her not too. She looked at me with a mixture of horror and
hatred. We watched the flame dance down the match toward her fingers.
She gritted her teeth as the pain started to bite at her. I nearly came just
from seeing her wince in pain as the flame fizzled out between the tips of her
fingers. My panties were soaked again.

" Is there anything else I can do to please you Miss." She said defiantly
through the pain, still holding the dead match between her throbbing fingers.

" Oh yes little dyke slut." I sneered. " It's going to be a long night for
you."

I was lost in the  almost surreal pleasure of the moment. She was saying
something, but it was as if the world had gone silent for that instant.

" Excuse me Miss " She was saying. " Yes, little dyke slut." I said
disdainfully.

" Excuse me Miss, but you should get out there as quickly as you can."

I didn't understand what she meant. I was still dizzy from the thrill of
making her hold the burning match, but slowly the haze lifted from my mind,
and I could hear the tinkling of a bell coming from the sitting room, and a
sense of panic swept through me. " I haven't finished with you yet little
lesbian."  I snarled at her as I scurried off to the sitting room.

I stood in front of the couch where my husband and the blonde woman sat
talking. My husband had his hand on her leg.

" How can I please you Madam ?" I said, as Kelly had told me too.

" Tell me Lynne. Have you ever lied on the floor with your mouth open while a
woman squatted over you and pissed on your face. ?"

Even if I could have thought of something to say the terror that engulfed me
had left me incapable of speaking.

" I rang this bell four times before you responded. If that ever happens
again, you will find out what Kellys warm urine tastes like. Do you
understand me ?"

" Yes...Yes  Miss....Um Madam...I'm sorry...it won't happen again Madam....."

I was babbling almost incoherently. and was relieved when she cut me off.

" I'm glad you understand Lynne. And from now on, you will call me Mistress."

" Yes Mistress." I replied quickly, gratefully." Thank you Mistress. "

                   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 3. THE MISTRESS.

" I rang this bell four times before you responded. If that ever happens
again, you will find out what Kellys warm urine tastes like. Do you
understand me ?"

" Yes...Yes  Miss....Um Madam...I'm sorry...it won't happen again Madam....."

I was babbling almost incoherently. and was relieved when she cut me off.

" I'm glad you understand Lynne. And from now on, you will call me Mistress."

" Yes Mistress." I replied quickly, gratefully." Thank you Mistress. "

Lynne reread the last few lines she'd just written in the diary. Her
relationship with the blonde woman had changed at that moment.The blonde woman
was now her Mistress. She'd taken another step down the path she had suddenly
found herself on. She didn't know where it would lead her. But she wanted
to continue the journey. She needed to.

At first writing what had been happened to her in the diary was like writing
about what had happened to somebody else. It was like she was writing about
things she'd seen and heard, not things she had done and felt. But the diary
really was her story. She picked up the pen and started writing again.

" We'll both have champagne." My Mistress said, dismissing me with a wave of
her hand. My hands were still shaking as I poured the Champagne. I was
playing a game and I didn't know the rules. I didn't really understand what I
had got myself into. But it was too late now. I wanted to keep playing, it was
as simple as that. I knew she would carry out her threat, and I knew I would
submit to it if I had to.

Neither of them acknowledged my presence as they took their Champagne
from the silver tray. I moved away quietly after serving them, put the tray
behind the bar, and went back to the kitchen.

A woman who looked to be in her early 30s was putting a tray in the oven. She
had long red hair held into a pony tail with a black scrunchy. She was dressed
like a waitress. A very modest length black skirt, white long sleeved cotton
blouse, black pantyhose and black flat healed shoes. She wasn't unattractive,
but she wasn't the sort of woman who would turn too many heads.

She just seemed so out of place in this perverted little world I had stumbled
or been led into. She just looked so....normal. She looked like hundreds of
other women who work as waitresses. No different to the woman who had
served the spit roast at my brothers 21st birthday party two weeks ago. She
even had one of those cheap plastic name tags  that waitresses wear. It said
Desley.

She turned and looked me up and down, a look of disdain almost disgust on
her face. I didn't know whether I should say something or not. The silence
was deafening. It made me nervous, anxious. I didn't know what I was suppose
to do. The tinkling of the bell was a welcome intervention in this awkward
moment. I scurried off towards the sitting room, I wasn't going to be late
responding to the bell again.

" Yes Mistress how may I please you. " As the words came out I realised that
the game or whatever this was, had entered a new phase. The word Mistress was
a much more blatant expression of my submissiveness to her than Miss. or
Madam. I liked it. It almost made just addressing her seem like an erotic or
sexual act.

" The guests will be arriving shortly." She said, barely taking her eyes off
my husband as she spoke. I understood what I had to do, Kelly had told me
earlier. I was to stand in the Foyer and greet the guests as they arrived.

" Yes Mistress." I said obediently, and moved off towards the foyer. As I
walked away I wondered if my husband liked what he saw when I stood in front
of them. A twinge of jealousy ran through me as I realised he hadn't paid me
the slightest bit of attention since the incident in the kitchen with Kelly.
It was obvious the blonde woman, my Mistress , was the centre of his
attention.

I stood at the door, ready to greet the guests as they arrived.  Just standing
there in my little maids outfit was making me wet again. The Mistress was
right. I love to be humiliated, I love to be made do obscene and disgusting
things, I love obeying her. My husband had married a slut.

The doorbell rang, and I greeted the young woman as  I had been instructed
to. " Good evening Miss. "

" So you're Lynne." She said looking me up and down, inspecting me. She
looked disappointed with what she saw. I was so distracted with the look of
disappoint on her face, I hadn't even noticed that she knew my name.

" I'm here to serve you tonight, in any way that you desire "

" Yes I know." She said disinterestedly. But I doubt if there is anything you
could do to satisfy any of my desires. " She sounded almost bored. There was
obviously nothing about me that appealed to her. A shadow  of panic fell
over me.

" Please Miss,	if there is anything at all that I can do for you just tell
me. I'm here to make  your night a pleasurable one." She didn't even seem to
be listening to me. She walked off towards the sitting room, and I followed
behind her. " Is Kelly here ?" She asked.

" Yes Miss. She's......"  "Good, she interrupted. Perhaps the night won't be a
waste after all. Fetch me a glass of Champaign. "

I poured her Champaign and carried it on the tray to where she had sat on the
large leather couch opposite the Mistress and my husband. " What do you
think Jacqueline ?" The blonde woman said as I lent over to hold the tray in
front of Jacqueline.

" She's got slut written all over her, I'm sure you'll have a lot of fun with
her."

I could tell she was being polite. She didn't want to offend the Mistress  by
saying what she really thought of me. I felt her hand running up my leg, and
then up under my dress. I closed my eyes as her fingers gently brushed the
crotch of my panties.

" Is her cunt always this wet ?" She pulled her hand out and wiped her fingers
on my dress, took her glass of Champaign and waved me away.

" Do you need to change your panties again already Lynne ?" The Mistress
asked, laughing as she spoke. Then I heard Kellys voice behind me.

" I thought she'd need another pair by now." Kelly looked so different in her
black evening gown and expensive jewellery

" Here put these ones on." She said,  handing me a fresh pair of the black
G-String panties as  she sat next to Jacqueline. I took them off her, just as
the two of them devoured each other in a deep passionate kiss.

" I'm so glad you're joining us for dinner tonight Kelly." Jacqueline said as
she gave me a disapproving glare. Then the doorbell rang again.

" You'll have to change your panties after you get the door Lynne." Kelly
said.

" Yes Miss." I said,  confused at her appearance as a guest for dinner.
Walking to the door a feeling of dread engulfed me. What had I done ? All
those disgusting things I had made her do, the burning match, the spiteful
way I had treated her. The perverted pleasure I took in using her. And my
promise of worse to come. Now she was a guest for dinner and I would have to
serve her and submit to her. A shiver of excitement and terror ran through my
body as I pondered how she would extract her revenge on me.

Four people stood on the porch when I opened the door. Two glamorously
beautiful blonde women, and their strikingly handsome partners. The women
could have been the Mistresses sisters I thought to myself as they brushed
past me. " Not bad."  The taller of the two blonde women said as her eyes
roamed over my body. " Do you need to change your panties already  Lynne? "
The other blonde woman said noticing the fresh pair scrunched up in my hand.

" Yes Miss." I said with a surprising lack of embarrassment.

" Then do it Lynne "  The other woman said in a soft sensual voice.

I was beginning to understand how this game, or whatever it was I had got
myself into was played. She wanted me to change my panties with the door
open. Any of the cars or people that were passing by in the busy inner city
street would have a clear view of me in the brightly lit foyer.

I stood in the open doorway, facing out towards the bustling sounds of the
street below, and slid my wet panties down my legs and stepped out of them.
One of the men lifted the back of my dress exposing my still red arse for
their inspection. " I see you've met Kelly." He said in a deep masculine
voice.

" Yes Sir." I said as I stepped into the fresh G-String panties, and slid them
up my legs. The soft silky crotch hugged me between the legs, and the lacy
piece at the back slipped teasingly between the cheeks of my arse.

I turned to the woman who had given me the instruction and said. " Is there
anything else I can do to please you Miss ? " She took the wet panties I had
just taken off from me and shoved them in my mouth. " You talk too much."
She said casually. They all laughed quietly and walked off towards the sitting
room.

I waited until they had disappeared into the house before I removed my soiled
panties from my mouth. And then, for some reason, I threw them out onto
the street below. A young couple were walking past, holding hands, enjoying
being in love, as my wet panties floated down and landed in front of them.

They looked up at me like I was a freak of some sort. " Err Yuk." The young
woman said. " Fuckin weirdo ! "  Her man yelled up at me as they hurried
away. As I closed the door, I wondered who would pick up my dirty panties,
and what they would with them.

For the next half an hour or so I served them Champagne and horsd'oeuvres
The Mistress told them in detail of my exploits in the garage at the party the
night before. Hands wandered up my legs and under my dress  as I served
them, keeping a steady flow moister running between my legs.

Desley, the red head in the kitchen still hadn't said a word to me, she barely
even acknowledged my presence. She just pointed to different trays of food
on the bench for me to serve to the guests.

I was standing quietly to the side of the two big leather couches waiting for
someone to signal that they wanted something. It was a strange feeling
watching the four couples. The two blonde women with their men. Kelly and
Jacqueline, and my mistress with my husband.

Kelly clicked her fingers and I responded immediately. " Yes Miss." I said.
Part of me hoping this wouldn't be the start of her revenge, part of me
hoping it would be.

" I have some smudges on my shoes Lynne. Take care of them." I felt all their
eyes on me. I wasn't going to give her the satisfaction of seeing me hesitate.

" Yes Miss" I said with all the sincerity I could muster. I stood in front of
her,then slowly sank to my knees, and then down on all fours at her feet, and
started cleaning her shoes with my tongue. My pussy was dripping again, the
others were making all sorts of crude comments about me, and I couldn't
resist. I sneaked a hand up my dress so I could touch myself.

" Stop playing with yourself little slut !" Kelly snapped at me.

" Bitch!"  I thought to myself as I said " Sorry Miss " and continued licking
her shoes.

My husband started telling them about how he had caught me masturbating
with a vibrator this morning. My pussy dripped as they laughed at me and
made fun of me.

" I hope you don't mind." Kelly said to the Mistress. " But I can't wait till
after dinner."

" No of course I don't mind Kelly. That's what she's here for." The Mistress
replied.

Kelly pulled me up by the hair till my face was level with her crotch.

" Do a good job now little slut ! " She said leering at me.

I reached up under her dress and slid her panties off. She spread her legs
wide for me as I pushed her dress up. Her bald pussy glistened with her
juices, as I started licking up her thighs towards it. She grabbed me by the
hair again and buried my face between her legs. She moaned softly as  I
started licking her pussy lips and moaned louder when my tongue found her
clit.

Kelly was breathing heavily, loudly  and she started squirming around on the
couch.I could still feel all their eyes on me as I went down on the pretty
little lesbian.I looked up at her and saw that she was kissing Jacqueline
again. Long, hard passionate kisses. " Lick it you little slut." Jacqueline
ordered as she sensed Kellys orgasm was about to grab her.

The taste of Kellys pussy, the delicious humiliation of what she was making
me do in front of these people was too much. I started thrusting my hips
forward, making my tight panties rub me faintly between the legs. My own
orgasm was almost upon me, I would cum when Kelly came.

" You better not cum without permission Lynne." The Mistress said in a
threatening tone. " Remember the sort of punishment I have in store for you
if you disobey me."

I desperately needed to cum. But I couldn't bare the thought of Kelly
squatting over me and urinating on my face. Somehow I managed to fight off my
orgasm.

Kelly grunted as she came on my tongue, her hips thrusting her pussy against
my face. The intensity of her thrusts gradually eased as her orgasm
subsided.I felt her hand on the back of my head, then she pulled my hair
hard, and I fell back on the floor. My legs were spread apart, my face
covered in her juices.

I was giddy and exhausted from denying myself the pleasure that I needed.
" Does anybody else want Lynne before dinner ? " I heard the Mistress say.

There was a jumble of voices and comments, but the one that I heard clearly
was  Jacqueline.  " I'm not that desperate thank you."

I was still in a daze as I watched them stand and move to the dining room.
The Mistress glared down at me." Clean yourself up! It's time to serve
dinner."

I struggled to compose myself, to get control of myself. I washed my face in
the laundry, redid my makeup, and helped myself to a big glass of cold water
and a couple of swigs on the bottle of scotch. But the entrees were ready, and
I had to serve them.

Dinner was much like the pre dinner drinks. My husband talked about me,
told them all my intimate stories and details as I served them. And the
constant groping of hands up my legs and under my dress as I served their
food made my legs feel like jelly. I couldn't take much more.

After dinner they moved back to the couches, I served port and liqueurs and
stood off to the side by the fireplace as they talked.

I hadn't been to the bathroom since we got there,and with all the glasses of
Champagne and cold water I'd drunk, I desperately needed to go. I tried to
move away without being noticed but I was stopped in my tracks by the
surprisingly cold voice of the Mistress.

" Where do you think you are going Lynne ? " They all looked at me.

I had no choice but to say it, I had to go. " I just need to go to the
bathroom Mistress." I said quietly.

Kelly said." You don't just walk off when you feel like it. You're our little
slut. Someone might want your tongue up there arse. Now get back over there.
If you want to go to the bathroom, you excuse yourself and ask your mistress
for permission."

" I'm sorry." I said defeated, and walked back to my position. They continued
talking and laughing. When I couldn't wait any longer I said. softly." Excuse
me Mistress."

They all looked at me again, as the Mistress said. " Yes Lynne."

" I'm sorry to bother you Mistress, but I need to go to the bathroom."

" How badly do you need to go Lynne ?" She toyed with me.

" It's urgent Mistress." They all burst out laughing, and I know it must have
sounded so stupid, but I didn't care. I had to go.

" No ! The little slut will have to wait." Kelly interjected.

" I'll tell you what I'll do for you Lynne." The Mistress said. " See that
clock on the wall ?" There was a large antique clock above the fireplace that
I hadn't noticed before. " It's 11.00 o'clock now. I'll let you go to the
bathroom at....say......11.30"

" No ! That's too soon ! Kelly interrupted again.

" OK Kelly " The Mistress said, I'll let you decide when Lynne can go."

" 12.00 o'clock ! " Kelly said with an almost evil smile on her face.

" I'm sorry Mistress " I said pathetically. " But I don't think I can wait
that.."

" Then you better put some old newspaper on the floor in case you make a
mess." Kelly said as she walked towards me, grabbing two old copies of The
Sydney Morning Herald from under the coffee table.

I had done a lot of things to humiliate myself over the past 24hours or so,
but spreading newspaper on the slate floor in case I pissed myself was more
humiliating than anything else I had done.....So far.

I was standing there, on a bed of newspaper watching the second hand on
the clock move slower and slower around the face. The clock seemed to be
so loud now that it was all I could hear.

That's why I hadn't noticed Kelly move towards me. Her face was only inches
from mine as she whispered. " So if I'm a little dyke slut, what does that
make you ? " She let her words linger for a moment, and then handed me a
large glass of cold water. Drink it ! " She demanded, and reluctantly I did.
Then she ordered me to take off my G-String.

" We don't want you pissing in your panties, do we." She said smugly.

Every muscle in my body was tensed to try and hold it in. By 11.30 there were
three empty glasses lined up along the mantle piece like little trophies. By
11.55 there were six. But I was almost there, four and a half minutes to go.

I knew if I just focused my mind on the clock,I could hang on for another
four minutes. But the second hand seemed to be stopping at each of the lines
on the face of the clock now. Each second seemed longer that the last. But I
made it to 11.59. and watched as the second hand did it's last lap of the
clock before I could go.

Holding it in had become almost painful, but I knew I could make it. The
dinner guests counted down the last ten seconds. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. " Excuse me
Mistress" I said gasping for air." It's 12.00 o'clock, may I go to the
bathroom now."

The Mistress looked over at Kelly."Kelly, can she go now ?" Kelly looked at
the clock and then at me.

" No ! I've changed my mind. She can go at 1.00 o'clock"

The room was silent, except for the sound of my urine gushing onto the
newspaper as I wet myself.

The humiliation of wetting myself in front of these people, and the
stimulation as it poured from between my legs made me cum. Not a searing
orgasm, just a brief but delicious release of the frustration and torture I
had been subjected to. I closed my eyes and moaned softly as I came.

My gentle orgasm only lasted a few seconds. I opened my eyes and saw them all
still staring at me. I was still wetting myself, but the gush had turned to a
trickle, and then I pushed the last of it out. It hit the soaked newspaper
loudly again, a few last drops fell onto the newspaper from between my legs,
and I was finished. My humiliation was almost over. But I found myself
wishing it wasn't.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 4. THE SLUT.

My gentle orgasm only lasted a few seconds. I opened my eyes and saw them all
still staring at me. I was still wetting myself, but the gush had turned to a
trickle, and then I pushed the last of it out. It hit the soaked newspaper
loudly again, a few last drops fell onto the newspaper from between my legs,
and I was finished. My humiliation was almost over. But I found myself
wishing it wasn't.

I spent the next twenty minutes cleaning up the mess that I had made. I
was on my hands and knees scrubbing the floor with a brush and a bucket
of hot water with disinfectant in it. I listened to them talking about their
versions of me pissing myself as I scrubbed the floor.

Then I was told to have a shower and the two blonde women volunteered to
watch me to make sure I didn't masturbate in the shower. " The little slut
can't keep her hands off herself." Kelly had said.

I knew the Mistress understood that I had cum while wetting myself, but I
don't think anybody else even suspected that I had. I'm sure they thought
my gentle moans were simply from the embarrassment. But the little orgasm
had left me more desperate to cum properly than before.

The two woman watched me through the steam as I showered. They made
sure my hands didn't linger between my legs for too long. I dried myself as
they watched, making their little comments every so often. Then one of the
blonde women grabbed my towel and snatched it off me. I stood there with
my hands by my side as they discussed my body. They liked my big tits, with
my long stiff nipples, and my arse was OK too. But my pussy needed some
attention they decided.

They made me lay on the floor and soaped up my pussy with shaving cream,
and then with a razor each they began shaving my pussy.

" Don't you cum you little slut." They kept saying as the razors slid over my
pussy. I moaned loudly as they shaved my pussy lips. And again when they
did the area around my clit. I bucked my hips a couple of times and grunted
like an animal, but I didn't cum.

When they were finished, my pussy was bald, just like Kellys. It made my clit
seem even bigger as it poked out from between my pussy lips.

They took me to the bedroom I had been in earlier. A fresh Maids uniform,
bra, stockings, everything lay waiting on the bed. When I was putting on my
makeup they kept telling me to put on more.

" Sluts wear lots of makeup."  " Sluts wear lots of lipstick" And on it went.

They wanted me to look like the cheap slut I was, and so did I.

They led me back into the sitting room, and told me to stand on the coffee
table.

" Look everybody, we've helped the little slut make a few improvements."

They told me to pull up my dress so everybody could see. They had told me not
to put any panties on. " Sluts don't wear panties" They kept saying. Not a
cheap slut like me anyway.

They all had a turn inspecting my bald pussy, running their fingers over it.
All except Jacqueline.

" I'm not touching that sluts dirty little cunt ! " She said.

The Mistress was very pleased,she even stroked my clitoris very gently, once.

My husband looked at my bald pussy, and turned away unimpressed with
what he'd seen. " I much prefer your sweet little pussy Kelly." He said,as he
kissed her on the cheek and ran his hand up her dress.

I stood there on the table, holding up my dress so they could all see my cunt.
My freshly shaved cunt. The room went suddenly silent. Then I heard my
Mistresses voice. " Look at you Lynne. Standing up there showing off your wet
little cunt. What sort of woman are you Lynne ?"

I turned my body to face her, lifted my dress higher and opened my legs
wider. " I'm a slut Mistress." I said proudly. " I'm your slut."

" Yes you are." She said, as she gestured for me to turn around slowly so
everybody could have another look at me, at the slut.

When they were finished inspecting me and discussing my cunt, I got down off
the coffee table and served them some more drinks. Someone dimmed the
lights, and the sensual voice of Kate Ceberano spilled into the room from
speakers in the ceiling somewhere.

The four couples started kissing and touching each other. Soon the sounds
of sex filled the room. Kelly and Jacqueline had ripped each others clothes
off and were in a 69. Licking feverishly at each other.

" Where's the little slut ? " Jacqueline called out.

" I' m here Miss" I said without thinking, as I stood beside them. She was on
top. Her beautiful bare arse sticking up in the air as she fucked Kellys face.
She turned her head to look at me, her face filled with passion.

" Get behind me little slut. Lick the cheeks of my arse, and when I start to
cum stick your dirty little tongue up my arsehole." She panted.

" Yes Miss." I said eagerly. And positioned myself behind her. At last she had
paid me some attention, at last she had a use for me. It may only have been
to stick my tongue up here arse, but at least there was something I could do
to give her pleasure.

I licked the soft flesh of her arse. Her and Kelly were fucking each others
faces, and licking each others cunts  faster now. They wanted to cum together.

" I'm ready" Kelly screamed out. " I'm ready to cum"

" Wait Kelly." Jacqueline cried out frantically. Her head spun around and our
eyes met over the top of her lovely arse." Lick the outside of my arsehole
slut" She yelled at me through clenched teeth. She groaned loudly as my
tongue danced over her arsehole. Kelly was still screaming out that she was
ready to cum.

" Are you ready Jackie ....are you ready to cum with me? " Kelly panted
desperately.

" Lick my arsehole you dirty little slut." Jacqueline yelled at me.

Suddenly I felt her body go tense, she was going to cum. " Now Kelly." She
screamed and I slid my tongue as far up her arse as I could. They called out
each others names, and Jacqueline called out for the slut to lick her arsehole
as they came.

As the intensity faded from their bodies, Jacqueline reached behind her and
pushed me off the couch, and I fell onto the floor. I watched Jacqueline and
Kelly embrace, and kiss each other tenderly, enjoying the afterglow.

" Get over here little slut !" The taller of the two blonde women said as she
grabbed my hair pulling me up towards her. She was on her hands and knees
on the couch getting fucked from behind.
" Todd likes to fuck women up the arse." She said as he slid his big cock out
of her. " And only sluts take it up the arse."

I didn't need her to say any more. I was a slut, she knew it, and so did I.
I bent over the arm of the couch, and lifted my dress up over my back. She
lay on the couch, her legs hanging over the arm that I was leaning on as Todd
stood behind me and pushed his cock against my arsehole. She slid her body
forward, and started fingering herself.

" Shove it up the sluts arse." She yelled at him." Fuck the slut up the arse."

His cock was still wet with her juices and his cock slid up my arse in one
long painful thrust. He started sliding it in and out of me. My arsehole
grabbing at his cock as he fucked me. She grabbed my head and pushed it down
on her wet cunt. " Lick it slut, lick my cunt." She cried out.

I stuck my tongue inside her and licked her clit hard as her boyfriend fucked
me up the arse. He screamed out that he was cumming and I felt his cock
explode inside me. I sucked on her clit and she grabbed my head as she came
on my tongue.

She was still humping herself against my face when I felt his cock slide out
of my arse. He pushed me aside and went down on his girlfriend, and she came
again.

The atmosphere was intoxicating, god I needed to cum. But nobody was
interested in what the slut needed. A hand grabbed my arm and pulled me to
the floor.The other blonde woman was crouched in front of her boyfriend
sucking on his cock.

" Brad likes to watch women swallow his cum." She said as she jerked on his
cock." But only sluts swallow cum"  I got on my knees and put my face next to
hers and opened my mouth ready. She sucked on his cock again, licked his
balls then sucked his it again.

" I'm gunna cum." He said in a low growling voice. She took his cock out of
her mouth and shoved it in mine and I felt his hot cum fill my mouth. I
swallowed it all. When he'd finished, I cleaned his cock with my tongue. His
blonde girlfriend was masturbating when he came in my mouth but she still
hadn't cum yet.

" Oh fuck" She cried out in frustration as she rubbed herself with her fingers
trying to make herself cum.  " Come here you little bitch! " She said as she
lay on the floor with her legs spread wide open, and slid two fingers inside
herself. I lowered my head to go down on her, but she pushed me away.

" What do you think you're doing little slut ? " She asked as she fucked
herself with her fingers. She reached up with her other hand and grabbed me
by the hair. " You're just a slut aren't you !" She said as she pulled me
down onto the floor with her. Our faces only inches apart.

" You're just a slut aren't you !" She said again, moaning as she said it.

" Yes Miss." I said softly. " I'm just a cheap little slut." She moaned
louder. " Sluts like me aren't good enough to eat your pussy. But I could
lick your arsehole. Sluts like me love to stick their tongues up ladies
arseholes." Her moans grew louder as I talked to her." Can I please lick your
arsehole Miss."

" Yes little Slut " She gasped. " That's all you're good for, drinking cum and
licking arseholes." She quickly rolled over and got to her knees and stuck
her arse in my face. Her fingers stayed inside her the whole time.

" There you go little slut. That's what you wanted isn't it. My arse in ...."
She couldn't finish what she wanted to say, so I finished it for her.

"Oh yes Miss. Thank you. That's what I wanted. Your pretty little arse in my
face"

She was panting hard now, and I reached out and pulled the cheeks of her
arse apart, and pushed my tongue against her pink arsehole. She screamed
out and came with my tongue licking the outside of her arsehole. She buried
her face in the rug, and grunted loudly as she came.
She reached back and pushed my head away before her orgasm was
complete. And I watched her writhing on the floor. Suddenly I realised the
Mistress was calling me. I looked over,  she was fucking my husband. They
were lying on the other couch, my husband on top, drilling her with his cock.

I crawled over, I was too dizzy to stand up, and knelt on the floor beside
them, my face only a foot from my husbands cock as it pumped in and out of
her.

She was rubbing her clit as he fucked her and she rubbed herself faster as
she started to cum. My husband kept fucking her until she had enjoyed
every second of the pleasure her orgasm gave her. When he knew she was
finished, he pulled his cock out and his cum squirted all over her stomach.

They laid together for a minute, sharing the occasional kiss, then my husband
got up off her. There was a puddle of his cum on her stomach, and she looked
down at me and said. " Clean that up Lynne."

" Yes Mistress." I said as I lent over and licked my husbands cum off her. A
few drops had landed on her breasts, and she wiped them off with her fingers,
and I cleaned her fingers with my tongue.

She pushed me away, and said " Go into the kitchen and see if the coffee is
ready." I dragged myself to my feet. My legs felt hollow, my knees and hands
were shaking. But somehow, I managed to do as I was told.

As I staggered towards the kitchen, I saw the red headed waitress, Desley,
standing quietly in a dark corner of the sitting room. She looked straight
through me. How long had she been standing there I wondered ?

As soon as I was in the kitchen I grabbed the bottle of scotch and took three
big gulps from the bottle. I closed my eyes and breathed deeply, trying to get
control of myself.

My body still craved the sexual release I had been denied all night, my pussy
was still soaked with my juices, and my clitoris still ached to be touched,
but I was getting used to the denial of pleasure I had endured all night. I
had to cum soon, I would cum soon whether they let me or not. But for now, I
had regained a semblance of composure. As I did, I noticed  the aroma of
freshly brewed coffee. There was a  pot of rich black coffee sitting on the
bench.

Desley walked past me ignoring me, and opened the door to the laundry and
turned on the light. She just stood there holding the door open, looking as if
she were impatiently waiting for something. I wasn't sure, but I moved slowly
toward the door, she wouldn't look at me, but she obviously wanted me to go
into the laundry, so I did.

She followed me into the laundry, closed the door, and locked it. Then she
opened the louvered door of a pine cupboard and pulled something out and
handed it to me. It was a whip. It had a short black leather handle and lots
of thick strips of leather hanging off one end. It had THE CAT written up one
side of it.

I looked at her in disbelief and fear. I didn't really enjoy Kelly spanking
me and I didn't think I would enjoy being whipped with this thing. But if
that's what she wanted to do to me,then I would gladly let her. If I pleased
her, she might fuck me with the handle.

She had her back to me, and reached behind to the zipper at the back of her
skirt. She pulled the zipper down, and her skirt fell to the floor. She only
had nylon panty hose on, no panties. She turned to face me as she undid the
buttons of her blouse. She slid it off her shoulders and it fell at her feet.

She didn't have a bra on, and I admired her large firm breasts, but mostly my
gaze was drawn to the shiny silver nipple rings in each of her swollen pink
nipples.   " Rip my panty hose off me." They were the first words she'd said
to me. She caught me by surprise and I just stared at her.

" Rip my panty hose off me." She said again, her voice trembled as she spoke.

She moaned softly as I ripped a hole in the nylon that covered her crotch. The
sound the nylon made as I ripped it from her body was delicious. She turned
around as my hands grabbed and tore at her panty hose.

I stood back and looked at her standing there , naked , pieces of what was
her panty hose strewn across the floor around her. She turned around slowly
again, and I saw the bright silver ring that hung from her clitoris.

" I have to be punished." She said in a soft, sensuous voice. As she reached
up and slid the scrunchy down her long red hair. Her hair fell over her
shoulders, covering her breasts. She ran her fingers through her hair as she
turned around again, her back to me now, and spread her legs. She lent
forward and grabbed the sides of the washing machine in front of her to
support herself.

" I have to be punished." She said again. " I was watching you. I was
standing in the dark playing with myself like a dirty old man watching you.
I have to be punished."

I flicked the whip at her, and the leather fingers ran down her bare arse.

" Harder " she moaned, as she reached between her legs and started playing
with herself.

I drew the whip back and flicked it at her harder. It slapped against the
white cheeks of her arse. " Harder." She half demanded half begged. The
harder I hit her, the louder she groaned.

" Oh God Yes !" She kept screaming as I whipped her arse and her legs and her
back, leaving little red marks where the rough leather fingers of the  whip
had bitten into her body.

" ....playing with myself like a dirty old man." She panted. " ...jerking off
like a dirty little pervert...Punish me...I deserve it.....It's all perverts
like me are good for...."

I'd worked myself into a frenzy as I whipped her harder and harder, her back
and arse were covered in red strips. " Turn around you little pervert !" I
yelled.

Her face was a mosaic of expressions. Lust, pain, passion. But overriding
them all was a look of total complete ecstasy. She pulled the lips of her
pussy apart wide, exposing herself to me. It was the most erotic, most
arousing thing I'd ever seen. My pussy was even wetter than hers, and I
longed to bury my head between her legs and taste her. But that wasn't what
she wanted.

" Whip my dirty little cunt." She said breathlessly, her mind lost in the
pleasure that consumed her.

I whipped the soft flesh between her legs hard, and she screamed out each
time. I flogged her, and she loved it. Her breasts and stomach were a maze
of red lines where the leather fingers had ripped against her skin.

She came as the whip clawed at her between her legs, and collapsed onto
the floor, her fingers buried inside herself. I stood over her and whipped her
savagely as she writhed on the floor, lost in the euphoria of the pleasure and
pain that devoured her body.

I was in a frenzy as I stood over her, flogging her as she came. Something in
me suddenly realised that she was now only flinching in pain as the whip
lashed at her body. The orgasm that had grabbed her so viciously had let go
of her. The only sensation she felt now was pain. The pain I was inflicting on
her as I stood over her, still flogging her red, sore , exhausted body. I
stopped.

I stood over her, looking down at her, looking at what I had done to her. I
was breathing hard from the exertion of hurting her. I wanted to get down
on the floor with her and touch her, hold her, make love to her.

" Get out ! " She said contemptuously. Not lifting her head to look at me.

My whole body was trembling. and my head was spinning. I dropped the whip on
the floor, stepped over her, and left. I didn't look back at her, if I did, I
wouldn't have been able to leave.

I staggered to a corner in the kitchen, leaned against the wall, and felt
myself slide to the floor. Tears started rolling down my cheeks. I closed my
eyes and sobbed quietly.

So many thoughts were rushing through my mind. This game, if that's what this
was....this game had no rules. I knew nothing about how to play this game.
What was I doing here ? What had I become ? And why did all this arouse me in
such an incredible way.Why was my body still longing for more of this game?

I felt totally lost and confused. More so because as I sat there, curled up
in the corner crying, my juices still ran down my thighs from between my
legs. My nipples still throbbed almost painfully, my whole body still ached
for the . orgasm that it had been denied all night. The  emotion that still
controlled me was Lust.

I heard the sound of high heels on the kitchen floor. I looked up, tears still
rolling down my cheeks. Kelly was crouched beside me. She reached out and
gently wiped the tears from my face with her hand.

" Are you ok. Lynne ?" She asked, with a tenderness in her voice that I'd
never heard before.

" I hurt her." I sobbed quietly. Kelly smiled at me, and ran her fingers
softly over my face. She was so gentle, her smile so warm.

" No you didn't Lynne."  She whispered. " You gave her exactly what she
wanted......You didn't give her pain, you gave her pleasure. It's just that
you haven't experienced the desires and pleasures that Desley has, so you
don't understand them." She kissed me on the cheek and then on the lips. A
kiss filled with more love and affection than I had ever known. We were
staring into each others eyes, gently stroking	each others faces, as Desley
walked into the kitchen from the laundry. I looked up at her.

It was as if nothing had happened. She was dressed as before, the modest
black skirt, the cotton blouse, the black pantyhose, her long red hair held
in a pony tale with a black scrunchy. And she looked down at me with that
same look of contempt and disgust on her face that she had looked at me with
earlier.

Only this time, and just for a fleeting moment, her face lit up into the most
beautiful smile, I felt myself smiling back at her. But just as quickly and
unexpectedly as her smile appeared, it was gone. And that other look was
on her face. She banged a tray with coffee cups and a serving pot on it
loudly on the bench beside me, glared at me contemptuously  and walked
away.

Kellys pretty face was smiling at me too. God she was lovely. I moved my face
to hers and we kissed passionately. She ran her fingers through my hair and
said " There are so many pleasures you've missed out on Lynne. So many new
heights of bliss , so many different experiences of pure ecstasy that you have
never even dreamed of. But they're  there if you want them. You're an
amazing and beautiful woman Lynne, and there are so many  amazing and
beautiful pleasures waiting for you if you want them."

I leant over and kissed her again. I took her hand gently in mine and guided
it under my dress to my wet crotch. I liked her neck, and nibbled on her ear,
as her fingers gently caressed me between the legs.

" Oh God Kelly, Yes." I moaned loudly. " Keep touching me like that please.."

She kissed me on the lips, then pulled her hand away from my crotch, and
pushed me to the floor.

" You've got to serve the coffee you selfish little slut !" Her face was hard
and cold again.

" Yes Miss " I panted in frustration and exhilaration. This world I'd stumbled
into was so  cruel, so unpredictable. But God I loved it.

They were all dressed and seated on the couches when I served them their
coffee. It was as if the little orgy had never happened. They were making
fun of me as I served them. Talking about me meeting Desley in the laundry.
Laughing about how I actually thought that Kelly would make love to a slut
like me.

As I served her, Jacqueline said " The state the horny little slut is in at
the moment, she'd fuck her Mistresses dog if she was told she could."

The man with the taller of the two blonde women had almost made me cum
when I'd served him his coffee. He had slid his hand up my dress as I served
him, and his thumb had brushed against my clit a couple of times, but he
sensed what was happening to me and pulled his hand away.

I was standing quietly beside the fireplace,  enduring the agony of denial
that they continued to torture me with. I was standing  in the same spot where
I had wet myself in what seemed like days ago. Kelly walked over nodding
towards the mantle piece. She had a cigarette in her hand. She stood close
to me and held the unlit cigarette between her lips with her fingers.

I quickly grabbed the box of matches off the mantle piece to light her
cigarette for her. It was only when the red phosphorus tip burst into flame
that I realised what I'd done. I nervously lit her cigarette.

" Don't blow out the match." She said after I'd lit her cigarette. She made me
hold the burning match out in front of me as the flame moved down towards
my fingers. There was nothing I could do but wait for the pain. It started as
a warm sensation and quickly became a burning agony. I didn't take it as
well as she had. I grunted and squealed like an animal as the flame wrapped
around my fingers, and slowly fizzled out. But I somehow managed to keep
my hand where she had told me to hold it.

My fingers still burned with pain after the flame had gone.

" I didn't know you smoked Kelly. " I heard Jacqueline say sarcastically.

" I don't. " Kelly said, ungracious in here victory over me, as she flicked
the cigarette into the fireplace and started to walk away.

" Excuse me Miss." I said through the pain that still shot up my arm. " What
would you like me to do with this Miss ? " I said, showing her what was left
of the match that I still clutched in my stinging fingers.

" I don't care Lynne. You're the horny little slut who wants to cum so badly.
Why don't you fuck yourself with it ! "  The others laughed loudly as I threw
the dead match into the fireplace.

" So, are you going to let the little slut cum tonight ? " I heard Jacqueline
ask the Mistress. It felt as if my heart had stopped beating while I waited
to hear the Mistresses reply.

" I don't know." The Mistress said as if in deep thought. " What do you think
Kelly ? "

Oh God why did she have to ask her. " No way." Kelly said quickly. " I think
you should tie her up so she can't play with herself, and make her sleep on
the foot of your bed while you make love to her husband all night."

" Or why don't you just give her to Desley for the night." One of the blonde
women said.

" You could let her fuck your dog. I'm sure it wouldn't be the first dog  the
little slut has fucked."  Jacqueline suggested.

The thought of the Mistress telling me to fuck her big German Shepherd
disgusted me. It disgusted me because it aroused me. I was terrified that
she would decide to tell me to fuck her German Shepherd. Terrified because
I knew I would do it if she told me too.

For the next few minutes they talked among themselves as to whether I
should be allowed to cum or not, and how I should be allowed to cum.

As the minutes dragged on I didn't care what they decided, as long as they
hurried up. My need to cum was beyond desperate, beyond anything I can
describe. It was all that mattered.

I was almost delirious. Their voices had become just a noise in the
background, the people themselves were just indistinct shapes in the
distance. Then I heard the mistress calling me. Her voice pulled my mind back
from wherever it was I had been.

" Yes Mistress." I said, walking over to her  quickly, the anticipation of
finally being allowed to cum had cleared my head.

" One of the men would like to fuck you on the coffee table." I nearly came at
the thought of it. " Now clear the things off the table."

They all laughed at how quickly I was able to clear the coffee table. I hadn't
really taken much notice, but it was a very large coffee table. At least the
size of a single bed, about two feet off the floor, and very solid. Solid
enough to get fucked long and hard on.

" The table is ready Mistress." I said quickly, eagerly.

" Not as ready as you are Lynne." Kelly added, and they all laughed at me
again. I didn't care that they laughed me. All I cared about was getting
fucked on that coffee table.

I stood waiting for the Mistress to say something. But she was engrossed in a
conversation with my husband.

" Excuse me mistress. The table's ready Mistress" She turned and glared at
me.

" I heard you the first time you impatient little slut !" She shouted at me.

" I'm sorry Mistress..."    " You will be if you do that again." She
interrupted. " Now go and have a shower and try and make yourself presentable.
There are clean clothes for you on the bed." She turned away and resumed  her
conversation with my husband.

My knees nearly buckled from underneath me. I thought one of the men would
just push me down and fuck me, but no, the torture of waiting wasn't over
yet.

The two blonde women came with me to make sure I didn't play with myself
in the shower. They whispered and giggled as they watched me get dressed
and put on my makeup. A wet stain spread over the crotch of the white silk
panties as soon as I put them on. All the clothes that were left for me on the
bed were  bright white. White stockings and garter. A  white lacy bra, and a
short white backless dress with a plunging neckline that showed off the top
of my breasts.

I didn't recognise the woman in the mirror at first. And although I knew I
wasn't anywhere near as attractive as any of the three blonde women, I
thought I looked pretty good in the bright virgin-white dress. I certainly
looked fuckable.

I dabbed some more perfume on my neck and behind my ears, and turned to
the two blonde women who were watching me. " Not bad for a cheap slut."
One of them said. " Thank you Miss." I replied, a similar thought had crossed
my mind. She passed me a white handbag, all it had inside was a packet of
condoms and a tube of K.Y.

" Come on little whore." The other blonde woman said." You better not keep
him waiting, he might change his mind." I winced at the thought.

There was almost an air of ceremony about what was happening as the two
stunning blonde woman led me down the hall. I'd been trying to figure out
which one of them wanted to fuck me. At first I thought it would be my
husband, but he wanted to fuck the mistress again. I could see that in his
eyes. So it was either Todd or Brad or both. Then the thought crossed my
mind that it could be the two young boys, Nathan and Trent. Then it occurred
to me that the Mistress was more likely to go and get some dirty smelly
drunken bum off the street for me to fuck.

But I didn't care who it was. Twenty minutes ago I was ready to fuck  her
German Shepherd. As long as he had a cock I didn't care. But it was probably
Todd or Brad I said to myself one last time as we walked into the sitting
room and I saw the man I was going to fuck. He was lying on his back on the
coffee table. The biggest cock I had ever seen in my life sticking up in the
air, and huge hairy balls hanging down between his legs.

" This is Tom." The Mistress said with a wry smile  as Kelly finished filling
him full of air with a bicycle pump. The others were sitting on the leather
couches either side of the coffee table, and they all laughed loudly at  me.
But they were my audience and their laughter just aroused me more.

They saw Tom as a cheap blow up male sex doll. But Tom was real enough
for me. I'd make him real enough for me. " Hi Tom " I said softly as I moved
closer. I put my handbag down beside the coffee table and ran my hand up
Toms leg, towards his big plastic cock. My audience was quiet now.

I stroked his cock gently with my hand and then wrapped my fingers around
it and began jerking him off. His cock was a hard plastic, like my vibrator,
but much bigger. At least 10 inches long and too thick for my fingers to
meet when they wrapped around it.

Tom had a permanent smile, and his mouth was open, waiting for me to sit on
his face. He had black frizzy hair on his head, his chest and on his big
balls.

I walked around the coffee table and took his hand in mine. I helped him
slide his hand up my leg, up my thighs and then up my dress, and finally
to my wet crotch.

" Oh yes Tom"I moaned softly as he rubbed my wet pussy through my panties.

I took his hand away from between my legs and climbed up on the coffee
table with him. I was vaguely aware of my audience whispering comments to
each other as I squatted over him. I had one knee either side of his body,
his huge cock behind me rubbing up against my arse.

I lowered my face to his and kissed him. Then as I nibbled on his ears and
licked his neck I reached behind me and slowly slid the zipper of my dress
down. I sat back up and slid my dress off over my shoulders and threw it on
the floor. I massage my tits and pinched my nipples through the lace of my
bra. Then I undid the clip and threw my bra on the floor.

I helped Tom reach up with his hands and play with my tits, I helped him
squeeze my nipples hard between his fingers. Pulling on them till it hurt, and
then pulling even harder.

I got off the table and took my wet panties off and hurled them away. Then
I stood with my legs either side of Toms head and lowered myself onto his
face, climbing back up onto the coffee table with him as I did. I sucked on
Toms big cock while I rubbed my wet cunt on his face. His nose and mouth
rubbed hard against my clit as I fucked his face.

Tom was a silent lover, but I was making enough noise for both of us. I
reached down and squeezed his big hairy balls and gasped when I saw his
cum squirt out of the eye of his cock. I licked drops of it off his cock. Toms
cum was cold but sweet and salty.

" Oh Tom " I moaned. " You're going to make me Cum ! " I fucked his face
like a wild thing. The orgasm I'd waited so long for was about to carry me
away.

" Oh God Yes Tom....I'm going to Cum on your face....You're going to make me
Cum......Make me Cum Tom !" I squeezed his balls and his cold cum squirted
on my face, and then it hit me. An orgasm so intense it almost hurt. if there
was such a thing as ecstasy, this was it. And it seemed to go on forever.

Slowly the pleasure that grabbed hold of me gradually let go. Toms face was
covered with my juices as I kept sliding my cunt over his face, enjoying every
last second of my orgasm as it ebbed away.

Tom and I lay there in silence for a few minutes, recovering from what my
body had just been through. Then I sat up and swivelled around and
straddled his big hard plastic cock. I rubbed it against my cunt lips, and
then against my clit, and then I shoved it inside myself and thrust myself
down on it. His cock slid straight up me. All of it, I started to move up and
down on it, then I lent forward so our faces met. I licked my juices off his
face as I fucked him, and I came again.

When the last spasm of my second orgasm finished I sat up, and lifted myself
off his cock. It was slippery with my cunt juice. I positioned myself  where I
needed to be and rubbed the end of Toms cock against my arsehole.

" Oh Fuck Tom Yes." I screamed out. " Fuck your little slut up the arse."

With those words, his cock started to slide up my arsehole. I felt it
stretching me open. Wider than my arsehole was ever meant to be, but the pain
was delicious. But his cock was just too big to take it all up my arse, I
wasted about three inches of it, as I started riding his cock, rubbing my
clit as I did.

" Fuck me up the arse Tom."I panted." Fuck your little slut up the arse. "

My fingers were rubbing my clit hard. " I'm a dirty slut..I'm your dirty slut
Tom"

And I came with his cock up my arse. This orgasm was almost as brutal as
the first. This one did hurt. His big cock up my arse hurt, and I loved it.
I was still cumming when I reached down and grabbed his cock, it ended in
one last burst of pleasure and pain as I pulled his cock out of my arse in one
quick agonising motion.

I rolled off Tom, off the coffee table and landed heavily on the floor. I
crawled over to my beautiful Mistress and curled up at her feet. "Thank you
Mistress" I said as I felt her hand stroking my hair. I kissed her feet and up
her ankles.

My hand was between my legs again. I rubbed myself hard as I kissed and
licked her feet. " Thank you Mistress" I kept saying as a gentle orgasm swept
through my body. I was still cumming when I passed out.

I was still lying on the floor naked, curled up at her feet when I came too. I
kissed her feet and thanked her again. " It's time to go home Lynne."

I didn't want to go home. I wanted to stay on the floor at her feet all night.
But  she was my Mistress, and I wanted to obey her.

Kelly helped me get dressed in the clothes I had arrived in. When I got out
to the sitting room again, my husband was there alone. I sat next to him and
we cuddled for a few minutes, and then left for home.

I was physically and emotionally exhausted, I don't remember anything much
after that until I woke up in our bed  this morning. It was late. My husband
had left to play golf with some friends, only the diary was beside me on the
bed. After last night, there's no doubt anymore. My husband married a slut.

Lynne put the diary on her bedside table and lay back staring at the ceiling.
She was sore all over,but contented and fulfilled in a way she had never
known.

She wondered what disgusting plans her new Mistress and her husband had in
store for her next. What would they do to her next ?  What filthy disgusting
thing would they make their little slut do next? She drifted off to sleep,with
those thoughts playing in her mind.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 5. BECOMING A WHORE.

She wondered what disgusting plans her new Mistress and her husband
had in store for her next. What would they do to her next ? What filthy
disgusting thing would they make their little slut do next ? She drifted off
to sleep, with those thoughts playing in her mind.

Her body was still exhausted and she slept for hours. But her mind
couldn't rest. Her sleep was filled with images of the night before.
Images of her new Mistress and Kelly and Desley. Images of all the
disgusting delicious things she'd done.

Then she was dreaming about Tom. Only in her  dream Tom wasn't a
plastic blow up doll, Tom was real. It had seemed real enough to her
when she fucked it on the coffee table last night. But in her dream Tom
was real. A real man with a real cock that spurted real cum.

He was lying on the coffee table while Lynne knelt on the floor and
sucked his cock. Tom lifted his head and looked into her eyes as he
came in her mouth. His hot cum was just starting to slide down her
throat when the noise woke her up.

She sat up quickly and looked around the room. She was disoriented at
first, she didn't know where she was, or who was with her. Slowly she
looked around the room again and the confusion faded from her mind.
The noise was coming from outside. From under the bedroom window.

She slid off the bed and walked towards the window, and pulled back
one of the slats of the vertical drapes. The bright light of the afternoon
sun hurt her eyes, and she turned away. Gradually her eyes adjusted to
the light and she could see her husband. He was mowing the front lawn.

It was the noise of the mower that had woken her before she could
swallow Toms cum. Her husband saw her through the gap in the vertical
drapes and smiled.

The rest of the day seemed so bizarre, because it seemed so normal.
Just another lazy Sunday. Golf, gardening a few drinks on the patio while
her husband cooked some steaks on the BBQ. They hired a video and
went to bed about 11.00.

The rest of the week was the same. Her husband went to work, she
cooked and cleaned and shopped. Everything was so normal, and it all
felt so strange.

It was as if the events of Friday and Saturday night hadn't happened. But
Lynne knew they had. It was all she could think about.

Lynne and her husband made love Tuesday night, it was.....nice. But she
didn't cum. For the first time in her life she faked it. She knew her
husband could tell she had faked it, she also knew he didn't care.

Making love to her husband had never been so boring,  so uninteresting,
so unsatisfying. Lynne had to use some KY when he tried to enter her,
her body hadn't lubricated itself at all. Lynne wondered if she could ever
enjoy just making love to her husband again.

After all the things she'd done, just making love to her husband alone in
the privacy of their dark and  quiet bedroom wasn't enough for her. It
wasn't anywhere near enough for her now, and she knew it never would
be.

She felt no desire to fuck the man lying next to her in bed. Her husband
could fuck her if he wanted to, but she needed much more than that.
She needed her Mistress.

The days dragged on, time seemed to slow down as her obsession with
the blonde woman grew stronger. She kept waiting for something to
happen, but it never did.

By Thursday night Lynne couldn't stand the pretence that everything
was just as normal any longer. Her husband was lying in bed reading a
Grisham novel. Her was heart racing, her palms were clammy and her
face felt hot as she sat on the bed. Her voice shook as she spoke.

" We need to talk about last weekend, about the diary, about...."

" No we don't." Her husband answered without looking up from his
book. " We don't and we won't. Don't bring it up again."

Lynne wanted to knock the book out of his hands and make him pay
attention to her.

" Yes we fucking do need to talk, and we're fucking going to." She
screamed at him in her mind, but she remained silent.

Later, as her husband slept peacefully beside her, Lynne slipped out of
their bed and snuck out of their bedroom. She felt like a criminal in her
own home. Creeping around in the dark and fumbling through a kitchen
cupboard looking for the bottle of scotch which had become her only
friend in the last few days.

There were still three or four inches in the bottom of the bottle after
she'd had a few gulps before trying to talk to her husband. She found
the bottle of scotch exactly where she had left it. But it was empty.

" You Bastard!" She muttered under her breath" You fucking bastard."

She buried her face in her hands. She wanted to cry, to scream, to let
out all the emotions that had built up inside her. But she didn't.

She rummaged through the medicine cabinet and found a packet of
Mercandol and popped four tablets out of the foil packet and hungrily
swallowed them down.

Friday morning, Lynnes husband kissed her on the cheek as she slept
and left for work at 7.30. Just as he had done last Friday. Before all
the things that happened last weekend. All the things that had changed
everything for her, but had apparently changed nothing for her husband.

It was mid morning by the time Lynne dragged herself out of bed. As
she stood under the warm water in the shower her hands started to
roam over her body. Her mind was somewhere else, somewhere in the
blonde womans house.

Lynne only realised what her hands were doing when she felt the prickly
stubbles of hair that had started to appear between her legs.

It didn't feel as good as when the two women had shaved her, but she
loved the sensations that ran through her body as her razor slid over
the soft skin between her legs.

Lynne stood naked, in front of the mirror and looked at herself as one
hand caressed her freshly shaved crotch, and her other hand pulled
hard on her swollen nipples. She liked the way she looked.

Suddenly she stopped and for an instant she felt like she did that time
she was 15 and her mother caught her masturbating.

She put her robe on and fell onto the bed as she dialled his number
on the cordless phone.  As he had told her to, she was calling her
husband to ask for his permission.

It was the only thing that had happened all week that showed that things
had changed. If Lynne had wanted to masturbate a week ago she just
would have done it. She would never have dreamt of ringing her husband
for his permission.'

Lynne needed more of what they'd done to her. More of the things they'd
made her do.

Her every waking moment was filled with the delicious thoughts of the
disgusting things she'd done. And her sleep was filled with dreams of
the blonde woman, her Mistress. Obscene dreams from which she would
wake suddenly wet with sweat and wet between the legs.

It didn't appear that her husband or the blonde woman had any plans for
her tonight, and she just couldn't wait any longer. She needed some
relief from the torture of the past week.

As she listened to the phone ringing she wondered whether this call, and
what she was going to ask her husband would be some sort of catalyst
to restart what had started last weekend. Maybe her husband had been
waiting for some act or sign of obedience from her.

Lynne's excitement and expectations grew when she heard his voice.
She didn't waist time saying hello. She just asked him straight out if
she could have his permission to use her vibrator.

She was  jolted into a stunned silence for a moment when he said no.
Then with an increasing sense of desperation she asked if she could
masturbate without the vibrator. There was a long pause before he said.

" Yes......but not today. I'm busy, I'll be home at the usual time."

" Fuck You ! " She screamed into the phone after he'd hung up.

" Fuck You ! " She  said again as she threw the phone down and tore
her robe off and flung across the room. She fell onto their bed with her
hands grabbing  at herself between her legs.

Lynne leant over and rummaged through the draw of her bedside table
like a strung out junkie looking for her stash of smack.

Her fingers wrapping around her vibrator gave her a similar rush of relief
as the junkie got when her fingers wrapped around her syringe with the
magic liquid in it.

" Fuck You !" She said again to her husband sitting in his office.

But there was something wrong. Suddenly she realised that there was
something very wrong.

" You Fucking Bastard." She screamed at her husband 20 kilometres
away in his office. The vibrator was too light, there were no batteries in it.

She tried using the vibrator as a dildo and fucked herself with it, but it
wasn't the same without the vibrations. Then she rubbed some KY on it
and pushed it hard against her arsehole. It felt good and she licked her
fingers and started rubbing herself between the legs.

Lynne closed her eyes and imagined her mistress was standing over
her watching her. She let herself slide off the bed onto the floor,
pretending she was lying at the feet of her Mistress.

" Stick it up your arse slut." She heard her Mistress say. " You  like to
play with yourself, don't you little slut."

" I love to play with myself." Lynne said loudly. " I love you to watch me
play with myself."

She started to slide the vibrator up her arse, it hurt, so she pushed it
harder so it would hurt more.

" All the way little slut." She heard her Mistress again. " Shove your
vibrator all the way up your arse."

" Yes Mistress." Lynne answered the voice in her mind." Watch your
little slut shove her vibrator up her arse. Watch me shove my vibrator
up my arse. I'm your slut Mistress. I'm your dirty little slut."

Lynnes fingers rubbed her freshly shaved pussy faster and faster as
she lay on the floor at her Mistresses feet.

" Watch me play with myself Mistress. Watch me cum for you."

Lynne was almost there when the phone started ringing. She was so
close, she couldn't stop now.

Suddenly her body froze again. She could hear her husbands voice. He
was calling her name.

The answering machine, suddenly she realised her husbands voice was
coming from the answering machine in the kitchen. She crawled around
the floor frantically looking for the phone she had hurled away a few
minutes earlier.

" Hello..."

" What have you been doing Lynne ?" Her husband said cutting her off.

" I...Um...was out at the line hanging out the towels." She lied as best
she could, but she knew he didn't believe her. He knew what she had
been doing.

" Don't forget our date tonight." He said, seeming to overlook her
disobedience. " I'll see you later Bye."

' Don't forget our date tonight.'  She played his words over in her mind
again. A shiver of excitement ran down her spine.

What date ? She couldn't remember any plans for tonight. Not that she
had been thinking all that clearly lately. But she was just their little slut.
They didn't have to make arrangements with her. She just went where
she was told and did what she was told when she was told.

She could feel her heart beating in her chest. She could feel her pulse
in her neck and in her wrists. She was still their slut.

Lynne spent the rest of the day preparing herself for them. She took a
long bath, lying in the warm water and bubbles wondering what they
were going to do to her, what they were going to make her do.

Her hands kept wandering down between her legs, and pulling at her
nipples. She had to fight herself to leave her body for them to play with,.

She couldn't decide what to wear. But they would decide what she wore.
It wasn't up to a slut like her to choose how she would dress. So she
just put on a black G-String and a sheer, almost see through black robe.

She loved being their slut. The anticipation of what they would do with
her was intoxicating.

She'd been standing  the front door waiting for her husband for over
an hour and a half when his car finally pulled into the drive.

" Come on, you better get dressed Lynne." Her husband said as he
kissed her on the cheek, not noticinghow she had presented herself
for him.

" What do you want me to wear ?" She asked eagerly.

" I don't know, whatever you normally wear to the Football."

As she sat on the Hill at Shark Park with her husband, watching their
beloved Sharkies getting flogged by the Newcastle Knights Lynne was
in a daze. The blonde women and her husband had set a fire loose
inside her, and now they were just letting it burn wildly, uncontrolled.

The whole thing seemed so unreal. She knew she was clapping as ET
scored under the posts off a Mitch Healey grubber, but it was as if only
part of her was there.

The drive home only made it all worse.

" What shooting trip?" She heard herself ask her husband. He hadn't
mentioned a shooting trip.....had he ? She knew his fathers property
near Mudgee was over run with Roos since all the rain, but no one
had said anything about a shooting trip.

" It's been planned for weeks Lynne." She heard her husband say in an
irritated voice. " " The fucking Roos are eating dads place till there's
nothing but dust. You know he can't afford professional shooters. So
me and a few of the blokes are going up there for the week to cull
as many of the fucking things as we can. It's dad's only....."

He was still talking, but she could no longer hear him.

He kissed her on the cheek as she lay half awake in their bed at 7.00
Saturday morning.  " We should be back Friday afternoon."

It was only with the help of the last three Mercandol that Lynne had
got any sleep at all. But as she drifted in and out of sleep throughout the
night, she decided she wasn't going to be left like this for another week.

She couldn't take it for another week. She decided she would go and see
the blonde woman herself.

Frustration, confusion, anger, all these emotions swirled inside as she
drove into the city. The house looked different in the daylight. Much
larger that she'd realises. One those old five level semi detached town
houses built early this century.

She parked in a ' No Standing ' zone, and walked quickly towards the
blonde womans house. But the closer she got the slower she walked.
The house was about 20 metres away when she stopped.

She could see the door, the porch, the steps leading up from the
footpath. For a moment she thought about turning around, running
back to her car and driving home. But she knew she couldn't.

Lynne gave Kelly a nervous smile when she opened the door. She was
wearing the French Maids uniform again. But she stared at Lynne as
if she'd never seen her before.

" Yes, can I help you ? "

" I need to see her Kelly. I....." Lynnes voice trailed off as Kelly stared at
her blankly. " Kelly please....."

" You weren't told to come here were you !" Kelly said coldly.

" Kelly please. I have to see her." Lynne begged.

" Wait here." Kelly shut the door. Lynne looked at her watch,
it was 9.00am. At 11.00am Lynne was sitting on the steps staring out
at the street.

' What am I doing here ? ' Lynne thought to herself. ' What have I
become ? Is the pleasure this woman inflicts on me  worth giving up
every bit of dignity I have ? '

Lynne hung her head as she answered herself in a whispered " Yes."

The door opened again at 11.30.

" The Mistress is busy." Kelly sounded like a board receptionist.

" I'll wait." Lynne said  defiantly.

" A word of advice Lynne." Kelly's  voice was softer. " If you want to
have any chance of seeing the Mistress, you better do something about
the way you're dressed."

Lynne looked down at herself, she had worn the cut-off denim shorts and
the white blouse tied in a knot that her husband had always liked.

" What do you mean ......? "

" What are you Lynne ? What is it you think you want to be ?  "

" A.....A slut. " Lynne said hesitantly. "  I'm a slut . " She said  again with
conviction bordering on arrogance.

" Then start acting like one and dressing like one. The Mistress will be
busy for some time yet."  Kelly looked at her for a moment  then shut the
door. That cold detactched look back on her face.

Lynne looked down at herself again and started walking up the street
towards the steps that led up to Darlinghurst Road. She tried to cross
the street, but she had to wait for a parking police tow truck  to pass.
She saw the car, she knew it was her car being towed away, but  she
didn't car. She just wanted to get up to the shops at The Cross.

Lynne looked at the people around her as she walked up the heart of the
sleaziest part of Sydney. She looked at  the prostitutes standing in
doorways and on corners. She looked  at what they were wearing. She
wanted to look like them. She wanted to look like a street whore.

She went into a uni-sex clothing store and started rummaging through
the racks, looking for slut clothes. She noticed a young couple near the
change rooms. The young dark haired woman wasn't very attractive.
but her boyfriend was.

' You can do a lot better than that.' She thought to herself looking at the
man that had caught her attention. ' Not getting any out of Miss Pure
and Virginal are you.'

Lynne watched the woman  he was with  go into one of the change
rooms with a couple of the ugliest looking dresses she'd ever seen.

' They suit you.' Lynne said to herself.

The boyfriend was standing behind a  rack of dresses, pretending to look
through them, trying not to be noticed. Lynne wandered over to the rack
and smiled at him as she pretended to browse through the rotating rack
of " church dresses', He smiled back nervously as Lynne edged closer to
him.

" What do you think of these shorts ?" She said as she took his hand
and pushed it hard against the crotch of her cut off denim jeans. The
man seemed to freeze for a moment, then she felt his fingers start
to move between her legs.

" So, you like the feel of my shorts. Or do you like the feel of what's
underneath my shorts ? "  His eyes were fixed on the rack of dresses
as his fingers groped her. He obviously didn't have any idea how to
touch a woman. So Lynne took his hand in hers again and helped him.

Lynne bit her lip as she guided his fingers to her clitoris, and helped him
to rub it gently. " That's it, now rub it faster." She whispered as her
body responed to his touch.

She could feel a wet patch spread out over the crotch of her panties as
he rubbed her between the legs. She'd waited so long, she only hoped
she could control the noise she made when she came.

" What do you think ?" His girlfriend said as she slid the curtain back
and looked around the shop. " Daniel...."

" Bitch !" Lynne snarled under her breath as he felt his hand pull away
from her. She watched  Daniel scurry off and  tell the ugly cow how nice
she looked.

Lynne was looking over at them when she felt a hand on her arse.

" Maybe I could give you a hand." A  squeaky voice said nervously from
behind her. She turned around and saw a pimply faced boy in a shirt
and tie with a badge on the pocket that said ' Luke. '

" I might have something out the back you'd like to see." Luke said
with big wide excited eyes.

" Sure Luke." Lynne said with a wry smile. " You show me what you've
got."

Luke led Lynne through a door that said 'Staff Only', then into a small
lunchroom at the back. He locked the door behind them, then lunged at
her and grabbed  her roughly between the legs .

" You've gotta start off gently Lynne said. Taking his hand and showing
him what to do. Lynne liked being the teacher.

" How old are you Luke ?" She asked as she guided his fingers up and
down the zipper of her tight shorts.

" !5, well 16 next year..........." Luke replied proudly. Lynne's hips were
pushing herself against his hand and she moaned when he said he was
only 15.

" And what's that big bulge in your pants Luke." She said teasingly.

Luke grabbed her hand and shoved it on the lump in his trousers.

" I can think of something you'll like better Luke." She said as she
eased herself to her knees, his bulge only a few inches from her face.
She undid his belt and zipper, and pulled his pants and underpants
down in one quick motion. Leaving his stiff penis poking out from under
the bottom of his shirt.

Lynne licked the drops of pre cum off the head of his hard penis and
slowly slid her mouth over it.

" Oh Shit..." She heard him cry out.

She ran her tongue over the sensitive underside of his penis, and felt
it twitch in her mouth, she licked it again and he came in her mouth.
His body flinched each time his cum squirted out of the eye of his
penis and down her throat.

Lynne squeezed the last drop of his cum out of his penis, then looked
up at him and opened her mouth so he could see his milky white cum
on her tongue. He watched in stunned silence as Lynne swallowed it.

' I'm developing a taste for young cum.' Lynne thought to herself as she
stood up and undid the zipper on her shorts. Daniel shoved his hand
down the top of her shorts and Lynne noticed the look on his face when
he felt how wet she was down there.

Lynne leant her head back to enjoy his groping young fingers and a
sense of panic suddenly hit her from nowhere. The clock on the lunch
room wall said 12.13.

" Oh Fuck !" Lynne yelled out, as she pulled his hand out and fumbled
hurriedly with her zipper.

" What's the matter ?" Daniel asked, thinking he'd done something
wrong.

" Nothing Daniel, your a nice kid, but I've gotta go." She leant forward
to kiss him, but he turned his head away. He'd seen his cum in her
mouth just a few minutes earlier, and there was no way he was going
to kiss that mouth now. Lynne couldn't help but smile at the young boy.

For the next twenty minutes Lynne ran from shop to shop. Second hand
clothes shops. jewellery shops, chemists. Anywhere she might find what
she needed.

She dressed into her slut clothes in the changerooms in the shop where
young Daniel worked. He watched her go in dressed in her denim shorts
and shirt, but hardly recognised her when she came out.

" Mind these for me will you Daniel." She said as she passed him a
Woolworth's bag with her 'normal woman ' clothes in it." I'll come back
and get it. Maybe you can show me the lunchroom again. Thanks Bye."

By 12.55 Lynne was back on the steps of the blonde woman's house.
She looked very different now, in her slut clothes. She caught a glimpse
of herself in the tinted glass of the sidelight window next to the door.

She liked the way she looked. Thigh high red leather boots, red fishnet
stockings, a crudely short bright white leather skirt that barely covered
her red lace  G-String  and garter..

She had been looking for a top of some sort but had grown anxious
about the time. So she decided to wear her long sleeved white blouse
with no bra and no buttons done up. Just the shirt tied in a knot under
her large breasts.

Lynne sat back down on the steps to wait. To wait as long as it took.

" What do you want Lynne ?"  It was the blonde woman.  Lynne spun
around, but the door was still shut.

" What do you want Lynne ?"  Her voice was more impatient this time.

" I...I need to talk to you." Lynne said as she saw the intercom on the
wall beside the door.

" Then talk."

" I...I need to see you..."

" You're early, I wasn't expecting you until tomorrow. You are an eager
little slut aren't you."

An elderly couple passing by on the street below looked up at Lynne.
They obviously heard what had been said.  The blonde woman was
treating her like a slut again, and Lynne loved it.

" What do you want Lynne ?"  Lynne knew she had to answer her this
time.

" I just want to be your slut again Mistress."  Lynne walked closer to
the intercom, her face only a few inches from where her Mistresses
voice was coming.

" Did you masturbate yesterday after your husband told you not too?"

Her Mistress had caught her off guard again, but she was better at this
' game ' than she was last weekend.

" Yes Mistress, I did, I mean I started to, but he interrupted me before
I could cum." Lynne felt the dampness of her body spreading over the
crotch of her new panties.

" You'll be punished for that later Lynne. But your little vibrator had no
batteries in it, did it  Lynne. So tell me how my little slut tried to make
herself cum."  Her Mistresses voice was louder now, she'd  turned up the
volume so people passing by could hear more clearly.

" No Mistress. My vibrator had no batteries in it, so I tried to use it as
a dildo, and  I fucked myself with it,.......but I found a better way to use
it. I fucked myself up the arse with it. As it was sliding in and out
of my arse I rubbed myself. And all the time I was thinking of you
Mistress. I pretended you were watching me masturbate, watching me
slide my vibrator in and out of my arse......"

The people passing by on the street below responded  to what was
being said on the porch of the house in various ways. Some slowed
down so they could hear as much as they could of what the woman
with her back to them was saying. Others muttered insults and walked
off quickly. And then a group of young boys 12 and 13 year olds just
stood at the foot of the steps looking up at Lynne.

" You're desperate for some relief, aren't you little slut.?"  The voice said
loudly over the intercom.

Lynne leaned her shoulder against the wall so as her back was turned to
the eyes looking up at her from the street.

" Yes Mistress. Please let me come in. I'll do anything for you, please.."

" You mean please let me cum. Don't you, you horny little slut." Lynne
didn't answer, she turned her head and looked at the young boys
pointing at her, making snide little boy comments about her.

" I do like what you're wearing though." Her Mistresses voice said
through the intercom. Lynne looked around the porch and saw a
surveillance camera pointed down at her. "You look like a whore."

" Yes Mistress, I'm a whore, I'm your whore." Lynne's hand touched
herself through the leather of her skirt. She couldn't help herself
knowing her Mistress was watching her.

" No you're not !" The voice said angrily. " You're a slut, but you're not
a whore. And that's a problem Lynne."

" I am a whore. I'm your slut, your whore...."

"  Don't confuse being  a slut with being a whore Lynne. They're  not
the same thing at all. In many ways they're the exact opposite of each
other."

Lynne didn't understand. " I....I can be a whore for you, I can be what
ever you want me to be."

There was a long silence during which time Lynne felt beads of nervous
perspiration start to appear on her face.

" You know what I want you to be Lynne, and to become what it is I
want, you must be a slut and a whore, and more. Not many woman can
be all I want them to be."

Lynne knew what her Mistress wanted her to be. .

  " I want to be your slave Mistress. I'll do whatever it takes to be your
slave."

It was the first time Lynne had used that word about herself, and no
word had ever aroused her so much in her life. She suddenly realised
that that was what this was all about.

And she knew then she wanted be the blonde woman's slave. She had
done so since that night in the garage when she first knelt down at her
feet. It was only now that she realised it and accepted it.

" If you want to be my slave, then you have to be more than just a slut,
more than just a whore, and you're not even a whore. Do you see the
problem Lynne ?"

" I can be a whore. Just tell me what you want me to do." Lynne was
still pleading with her Mistress, but her voice was more relaxed. She
knew what she wanted now. She knew where all this was taking her.

" We'll see just how good a whore you are then Lynne." The Mistress
paused as she watched Lynne close her eyes. It was as if the word
whore had caressed her wet crotch.

" But a street whore needs protection. You need a pimp Lynne. Tony
will be your pimp, he'll look after you. Leave your bag at the door and
go with Tony. Come back here at Midnight Tuesday night. We'll know
how good a whore you are by how much money you can make for your
Mistress from selling your body. "

Lynne heard the intercom click, and knew the conversation was over.
She turned around and looked down at the foot of the steps. The
giggling little boys were gone. Standing where they had been standing
laughing at her was a  huge dark skinned man in a sports jacket and tie.
He looked like an Islander, Tongan or Somoan.

Lynne put her bag  in front of the door and walked down the steps
towards the big dark skinned man.

" Hi Tony." She said softly. She couldn't see his eyes through his dark
sunglasses, but she could feel them on her body.

" Follow me Lynne." Was all he said as he turned and started walking
towards Kings Cross.

Lynne followed along behind him. ' They're making me into a whore.'
She said to herself. And she loved the sound of it.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 6. THE FIRST CUSTOMER.

" Hi Tony." She said softly. She couldn't see his eyes through his dark
sunglasses, but she could feel them on her body.

" Follow me Lynne." Was all he said as he turned and started walking
towards Kings Cross.

Lynne followed along behind him. ' They're making me into a whore.'
She said to herself. And she loved the sound of it.

When Lynne woke up in her own bed Friday afternoon almost  a week
later, she saw the diary on her bedside table. Just as it was the weekend
before. Was it really less than two weeks ago when all this started.

It was almost as if the woman called Lynne who went to the  was a
different person to the woman called Lynne who came home from the
party.

The new Lynne went through what was becoming her ritual. She
showered, put on her robe and lay on the bed with the diary and started
to relive all that had happened as she wrote.

The week that they denied me, the week they tortured me by ignoring
me was followed by the most amazing week of my life. I can never go
back to the way things were. Not after what has happened.

I went to the Mistresses house out of sheer frustration and a sense
of being abandoned. But once I saw Tony, at the bottom of the steps,
I knew they still wanted me.  Wanted to play with me.  Wanted me to be
their slut.

I  followed Tony up Darlinghurst Road, and into a run-down bar with  a
few dozen people scattered around the tables.

Two waitresses behind the bar whispered to each other as they watched
me walking past them. " She's got big tits." One of them said.

A male voice behind me said. " She's new, you seen her before...."

A female voice off to my left said. " Tony's got a new one, not bad."

A male voice off to my right said. " Make sure I'm on her list Tony."

A female voice in front of me said. " We don't need any more fucking
whores on our block."

Other people made comments, but they're the ones I heard, they're the
ones I remember.

Tony was a few feet in front of me. We  came to a door that had a sign
on it which read. ' NO ADMITTANCE '. Underneath the sign someone had
written ' Keep the fuck out.' in black paint.

Tony pushed the door open and I  followed him into what looked like
another bar area. Whores and pimps and dealers and addicts sat
around tables doing business.

There was one waitress,  wearing nothing but a black G-String serving
drinks, and getting pinched and smacked on the arse as she moved
around.


She was a very attractive woman.  I noticed what a nice arse she had
as she lent over a table to pick up some empty glasses.

The people in this room  didn't seem to take much notice of me.. A few
looked up at me, but I was just another one of Tony's whores.

Tony unlocked another door with some keys attached to his belt on a
chain. I followed him in, and he told me to ' shut the fucking door.'

It was Tony's office. Nothing like the rest of what I'd seen of this place.
I noticed the smell of new carpet. The furniture was all Hi Tech modern
and very expensive.

Tony sat behind his desk and pointed at a chair in front of it and I sat
down as I looked around the room.

There was a bar in one corner, and a large L shaped lounge in another.

" OK" Tony said opening a large green alphabetical ledger. He ran his
fingers down the letters on the right hand side till he got to ' L ' He
flicked through some pages until he came to a page headed ' Lynne '
There were a few lines of writing that I  couldn't read, and the rest of the
page was blank.

I  couldn't believe how comfortable I felt in these surroundings. I'd
entered a world of pimps and prostitutes and drug dealers and thugs,
and I felt at ease, it all felt right.

Then I said the word prostitute to myself again. I hadn't thought
of myself as a prostitute until then. I'd wanted to be a whore, but
the word prostitute had a different sound to it. Suddenly I had a
sense of unease.

'Prostitute. ' I said to myself again. ' I'm going to be a prostitute'

Tony's deep voice drew me out of the conflict going on in my mind.

" This is how it works." He said as he took off his dark sunglasses, and
placed them gently on his desk with his big dark hands. His eyes were
a rich brown, but they were bloodshot, and had an angry almost cruel
look in them.

" There's a doorway five doors up the street, between the chemist and
the clothes shop. That's your doorway. You can go as far as the other
side of the chemist and the other side of the clothes shop. That's
your area. Two flights of stairs up from your doorway is  room 12. That's
your room."

He pushed a brass key across the table towards me, as someone
knocked on the  door. " Yeah !" He sounded annoyed at being
interrupted. It was the  waitress in the G-String with the nice arse. She
was carrying a tray with drinks on it.

" Sorry to interrupt Tony." She put a Bundy straight up  on the desk in
front of him and a Scotch on the rocks in front of me. I knew I shouldn't
have been surprised that the woman knew what drink I had acquired
a taste for, but things were still happening that surprised me.

" Anything else I can do for you Tony ? "The woman smiled nervously .

" Yeah, she needs a handbag. Usual type, bright red. Get Nick to grab
one off our little Indian mate."

" Yeah sure Tony, I'll be right back with it." She'd almost left the room
before she'd finished speaking.

Tony looked at me with those eyes, and started talking at me again.

" Two flights of stairs up from your doorway is  room 12. That's your
room. That's your key to your room. You work what hours you want,
Most of the girls on the block charge 50 for half an hour for straight sex,
and 60 for half and half. Ask for more if they're  Asian or American
tourists. I take 25%. And you pay me 25 a day for the room, if you want
the sheets washed, wash them yourself. Don't keep too much money on
you, when you've got 500, come down here and give it to me, and we'll
add it into your page."

" And what do I get off you for giving you 25% ?" I  tried to look him
in his eyes as I spoke. I didn't want him to know I was scarred of him.

Tony glared at me with those eyes, but I didn't flinch.

" It's not what you get, it's what you don't get. You don't get your
throat slit, you don't get your pretty little face bashed in every night,
you don't get picked up by the cops and you don't disappear in the
middle of the night because some other pimp thinks you're taking
business off one of his whores."

Tony let his words linger a moment, but I understood, I  understood all to
well.

" Now." Tony  continued. " Get them upstairs,  Get their money, Get them
up, Get them off, Get them out, and Get your arse back on the street and
Get another one. Does my little housewife whore understand that ?"

" Yes Tony." I muttered quietly.

" Good. And remember, A whore fucks anyone with the money to pay for
it......and you're a whore.  Always get the money first, Always stay within
your area, Always fake an orgasm when your client cums. Always hold
the condom as he pulls his dick out of you, Always charge women and
couples double ,and Always get the money first."

Tony looked at me for a moment to make sure the dumb whore
understood what he had said. Then he handed me a piece of paper
with a typed list of about 30 or 40 names on it.

" This is the list. Anyone on this list you do for free. It's up to you whether
you make your clients wear condoms, but nobody on this list has to wear
a condom. If someone wants to do you up your arse that's up to you,
you can normally get 100 for that, but if anybody on this list wants to do
you up the arse then you bend over and smile. Anybody wants you to
swallow their cum, that's up to you, you can get 200 for that.  If
anybody on this list wants you to  swallow their cum, you open up and
say Arrrr. Anybody wants to do some kinky shit that's up to you, charge
what you like, anybody on this list wants to do some kinky shit, you do
it, then you come and tell me.  Any questions. "

I had a lot of questions. I looked at Tony and said.

" No Tony, no questions."

" Good." Tony said as he skulled his rum and turned his chair to the side.
" Now come over here and get me hard. I always get to poke the  new
girls first. "

" Yes Tony," I said nervously as I gulped down the rest of  my scotch and
walked around the desk.  I had been expecting this. I knelt between his
huge legs, undid his belt and fly and reached in to grab his cock.

Tony smiled for the first time when he saw the look on my face as my
hand found his cock. It looked as thick as my husbands wrist, and he
was still soft.

When I pulled it out of his pants and saw just how big it was I couldn't
help myself, I stared up at him with a stunned look on my face. Tony
looked so different with that big smile.

I wrapped my lips around it and slid it into my mouth. My head bobbed
up and down as I sucked on his cock. Then I felt it start to swell in my
mouth.

When  it was hard, I couldn't fit it in my mouth, so I licked it and ran my
lips over it.

" O.K" Tony said. " Lean over the desk and lift up your skirt.


I got to my feet and stood behind his desk. I looked at him as I felt him
pull my panties down, then I stepped out of them, and he threw them on
the desk in front of me.

I felt light headed as I leaned over the desk and lifted up the back
of my red leather skirt. I felt Tony's cock rub against my arse as he
positioned himself behind me. He kicked my feet a few times and I got
the message and spread my legs wider for him.

Then I felt the tip of his huge cock pushing up against me. I was  wet, but
I gritted my teeth as I felt the head stretching me open. I thought he'd be
rough with me, but he seemed to be taking his time, putting it in me
slowly. giving my body time to adjust to his size.

Then I felt it start to enter me. It hurt, but it hurt good. I moaned loudly
as he pushed more of it into me. I could feel myself stretching wide for
him. I could feel his cock so far up inside me that it made me moan
again just realising he had it so far up inside me.

Then It was all in me. Tony just stood there for a moment as we both
enjoyed how good it felt, and then he started to slide it out again, when it
was about half way out he thrust it up inside me hard. My head slumped
onto the desk and I screamed. It felt like his huge cock was tearing me
apart. But I loved it.

Then he started fucking me, slowly at first, then  harder and faster. Soon
the pain was replaced with pleasure. I grunted like a pig everytime he
drove his enormous cock up inside me.

After a almost a week of being denied I couldn't hold back any longer,
I came in one huge groan as he shoved it up inside me again.I groaned
and panted and thrashed around on his desk as he fucked me through
one of the most amazing orgasms I've ever had.

I was still panting and moaning when someone knocked on the door.
The waitress with the nice arse walked in carrying a red handbag. Our
eyes met for an instant, but I knew she was trying not to look at me as
I stood there bent over Tony's desk while he fucked me from behind.

She put the handbag on the desk in front of me. She took longer than
she needed to, Tony noticed to because he yelled at her.

" Get the fuck out of here slut."

She quickly turned to leave, when I saw that arse of hers, I started to
cum again. But Tony pulled out of me.

" Don't stop Tony please, I'm cumming again." But he didn't care. He
grabbed my hair and pulled me off the desk and guided me to the floor.

" Suck it Lynne." He shouted at me. I felt my orgasm slipping away so I
grabbed his cock with one hand and fingered myself with my other hand.

I had as much of the tip of his cock in my mouth as I could when he
started to cum, and I came again as soon as I tasted it.

When he was finished, I had his cum all over my face and wiped it into
my mouth with my fingers as I lay on the floor behind his desk.

Tony put his cock back in his pants and buzzed someone on the
intercom on his desk to " Bring in a towel for Lynne."

The door opened and it was her again. My eyes were level with her crotch
as I wiped my face. Then I got on my knees, my face almost brushing
up against her as I wiped my juices off my thighs.

I stayed on the floor as she took the towel back. My face was level with
that beautiful arse of hers as she walked towards the door.

After I'd straightened my cloths up and put my panties back on, Tony
put fifty dollars in my new whore handbag. I thought I'd just earned my
first fifty dollars as a whore. But Tony looked at me and said.

" You'll have to buy condoms, tissues and lube. I'll add the 50 to what
you owe me." Then he put the brass key to my room in my handbag and
passed it to me.

" O.K Lynne, time to get your arse out on the street and earn some
dollars. You already owe me the 50 plus 25 for the room 70 for the
handbag and 5 for the scotch. You're into me for 150 already. Go make
some money for me."

" Yes Tony." I said, as all the whores did with Tony.

" Oh and Lynne." he said as I opened the door. " Don't fuck with me."

" No Tony, I'll bring you every dollar." I made myself not give into his
eyes as I said it. I wouldn't let myself look away. He nodded at me, and
almost smiled.

She was leaning over a table again when I walked out of Tony's office.
I just stopped and stared at her arse. She must have known I was
looking at her because she stood up and said ." Did you want
something."

" I want to grab hold of your arse and bury my face between your legs."
I said to myself.

" Yeah, Scotch on the rocks."  I followed her to the bar and watched
her pour my drink. She had great tits too. I hadn't noticed before, I
was too distracted by that arse of hers. I paid her with the fifty dollars
Tony had lent me and took a sip of my drink.

" I'm Lynne." I said hoping she'd tell me her name.

She looked at me and said. " Yeah I know." As she walked around the
bar with my change on a tray.

" Do I get a tip Lynne ?" She asked standing closer to me than she
needed to. She knew I liked her. I had a lot to learn about chatting up
other women.

" What do I get ?" I said before I could stop myself.

" You seem to like my arse." She said with an inviting smile.

" Yes I do." I said as I reached behind her and ran my hand over her
smooth arse. " And I like your tits too.

" Thanks Lynne." she said as she took the $5 bill off the tray.

I finished my drink as I watched her walking around the room. That was
an expensive grope I thought to myself as I put the forty dollars into
my new handbag. Then it occurred to me, Tony was charging me $70
for the handbag and he probably got it for nothing off one of the local
small businesses. I was going to have to fuck three men at $50 a go
just to break even for what I already owed Tony.

I walked out onto the street as a prostitute for the first time, and went
to find my doorway. When I found it, I just stood there and looked at it .
People looked at me, pointed at me, made comments to each other
about me.  God it felt good.

I went into the chemist to buy my supply of condoms, lube and tissues.

I walked out of the chemist with 1 tube of KY, 36 condoms a large box
Kleenex and $1.25 left from the $50 Tony had lent me.

I walked up my stairs for the first time, and found my room, to the right of
the landing. Number 12.

The stairway was poorly lit, but I could see paint peeling off the walls
and the carpet was worn and dirty.

I searched for my key, slid it in the lock and slowly opened the door. I
found a light switch and a single incandescent bulb hanging from the
middle of the ceiling lit the room. It was small, and had a  bit of a stale
air smell, but it looked clean. It wasn't as bad as I'd expected.

There was a double bed against the wall to my left, and an old bedside
table with an even older table lamp on it next to the bed.

A wardrobe that seemed to be leaning forward was  on the wall to my
right with a small sache window between it and a door against the back
wall.

The door led to a small bathroom, with a sink, shower and toilet. All old,
but clean. The shower curtain looked new, and there were some towels
and toiletries under the sink. There was a note on top of the towels, it
read. " Tony looks after his girls."  How much had Tony added to my
ledger for these, I wondered to myself.

The place needed to be aired out so I opened the small window, and
leaned out over the busy footpath that ran along Darlinghurst road. I
could see my doorway just to my right below me.

I looked up and down the street. There were prostitutes everywhere.
" You'd have to be desperate to pay to fuck her." I mumbled to myself
as I watched a distinctly unattractive woman across the street approach
the men that walked past her.

But I wasn't in any position to pass judgements on her or any of the
others. She was selling herself to pay for her addiction to heroin or
cocaine. I  had to sell myself for sex to pay for my addiction to the blonde
woman, my Mistress.

The smell of food from the various cafes and restaurants below
reminded me of how hungry I was. Apart from Daniel's and Tony's cum,
I hadn't eaten anything all day. But I didn't even have enough money to buy
a pie. I looked at my watch, it was just after 3.00.

" Well Lynne." I said to myself. " It's time you got your arse out on the
street and made some money." I organised my condoms and lube and
tissues on the bedside table. And headed downstairs.

I lent up against the wall between my doorway and the clothing store
where Daniel works and tried to figure out what to do next.

My husband and I had walked down this street plenty of times before,I
knew the sorts of things the prostitutes said. There was a constant flow
of people passing by. Some looked at me, some did everything they
could not to look at me, others didn't even notice me.

A number of men had walked passed me, but I had hesitated when I
started to approach them, and then it was too late, they were gone.

Then I saw a man in his early twenties walking toward me, I moved
towards him a bit.

" Do you want a girl ?"I was surprised how easy it was to do. How easy
I found it to try and sell myself for sex. But he just shook his head and
walked off. He didn't even look at me. I felt insulted. I couldn't believe
he'd knock me back. It was a weird feeling.

Then I saw an another man, probably in his early 40s, well dressed in a
sports jacket, with a mobile phone on his belt near his hip. He was
looking straight at me as he walked towards me.

" Do you want a girl ?"

" How much ?" He said looking me up and down.

" Fifty for straight sex and sixty for half and half."

" OK but no fucking condom." He grabbed my arm and I pulled away
from him.

" What's your problem cunt ? " He said in a voice that scared me.

" You've gotta wear a condom sweetie." I said as nicely as I could force
myself to.

" Who the Fuck do you think you are cunt. I'll give you seventy, but I'm
going to blow in your mouth and you're going to swallow every drop. "

I started to say something but he glared at me and said in a low angry
voice.

" You're new here cunt. You don't know who I am. You better just
get your fucking whore arse up those stairs and open your mouth."

" Is there a problem here Ray ?" A voice said from behind the man
abusing me. The voice belonged to a huge hulk of a man, dark skinned
like Tony.

When the man abusing me saw him, his face lit up in a huge nervous
smile.

" No problem Desmond. No problem at all mate."

" You're not trying to heavy our new girl with your no condom blow in your
mouth shit, are you Ray ?"  Desmond said in a voice that obviously
scared the man even more than his voice had scared me.

" Is this one of Tony's girls ?"  Ray was turning pale.

" Yeah. She's new. I guess you're going upstairs with her Ray ." I was
relieved that Desmond had intervened but I wished he hadn't said the
bit about going upstairs with me.

" Yeah Desmond we were just talking about that. She was asking too
much mate. You know how these new ones always think they're worth
more than the others. She was being a real fucking bitch mate."

" Stop being a bitch to your customers Lynne." Desmond said not shifting
his eyes off Ray. " She costs the same as the others Ray. 50 to fuck her
or 60 for a blow job. Which will it be Ray ?"

Ray looked over at me, I wanted to tell him to fuck off, but I knew I
couldn't. 'A whore fucks anyone with the money to pay for it. And I'm a
whore.' I said to myself.

" I give real good blow jobs Ray." I said, swallowing what little was left of
my pride.

" I'll just fuck her thanks Desmond."

" Up you go and enjoy yourself Ray. I'll wait down here. You can tell me
whether she's a good fuck or not. I haven't done her yet."

" Yeah ok....thanks mate. " Ray said still rattled by the presence of big
Desmond.

I smiled at Ray and he walked into the doorway ahead of me. I started
to follow him upstairs when Desmond grabbed my arm and gently pulled
me towards him till our faces were only inches apart.

"  Ray's a fucking strange bloke, but he's harmless. He's got a real thing
for prostitutes. He's here every night. If he enjoys himself, he'll be back."

" Thanks Desmond." I said, and I meant it.

" You can thank me later." I heard him say as I turned to head up the
stairs.

" Come on get your fucking arse up here." Ray yelled down at me.

Why did I have to get someone like this for my first customer. I really
didn't want to fuck this man. But as I neared the door to my room I
couldn't control the sense of excitement that made my hands shake as I
unlocked the door.

Once we were inside I tried to act like I knew what I was doing.

" That'll be 50 thanks Ray."  Always get the money first.

But Ray was experienced with prostitutes, he already had his wallet out
and handed me a $50 bill. It was a strange feeling taking the money off
him.

He folded his clothes and hung them over the end of the bed as he
got undressed.

" Leave your clothes on, just take your knickers off ." He said as he hung
his trousers over the end of the bed. His voice startled me. I was just
standing there holding the $50 note, looking at it. Feeling it in my hand.

" Sure Ray." I tried to sound calm as I put the fifty dollars in my bag,
and took a  condom off the table. He watched me reach under my skirt
and pull my panties down. He was naked, his cock was soft, and small. I
put my panties  on the floor as he got up on the bed.

" Get me hard." He said abruptly. So I sat on the bed beside him and
started playing with his little dick. Slowly it started to grow and I was able
to wrap my fingers around it and jerk him off. His hands were groping me
as his cock became hard.

I tried to get the condom out of the packet, but I had trouble opening
it. By the time I got it out he was soft again and swearing at me. I
smiled at him as I massage his cock and got it hard again. When it
was as big as I thought it was going to get, I put the condom on it.

" Lie down and lift up your skirt." He said as he knelt up on the bed."

The big leather boots made it awkward but I did as he said, and lifted up
my skirt and lied on the bed in front of him.

" Ooh  look, she's got a shaved cunt." He said as if there were someone
else in the room he was talking to. Then he got on top of me, and I
helped him stick his cock inside me.

I didn't really feel anything as he entered me. Then he just started
fucking me, he didn't say anything, he didn't make any noise at all. The
only sound in the room was the slapping together of our bodies as he
fucked me.

He just glared down at me as he fucked me. I moaned a few times, and
he seemed to like it, so I moaned a few more times.

' Always pretend to cum when your client cums.' Tony had said to me.

So I did, when he threw his head back as his cock exploded in the
condom, I panted and moaned as he came. Then he collapsed on top
of me. I could feel his cock shrinking inside me, so I reached down and
held the condom in place as I slid his cock out of me.

He rolled over and put his hands behind his head as I took the condom
off him, and wiped him with a couple of tissues.

He got up, got dressed and left. I was back on the street a few minutes
later. The whole thing with Ray had taken less than fifteen minutes.

But I had fucked my first customer.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 7. TOO GOOD FOR YOU.

He got up, got dressed and left. I was back on the street a few minutes
later. The whole thing with Ray had taken less than fifteen minutes.

But I had fucked my first customer.

It wasn't that I didn't trust Tony, but I wanted to keep a record for myself
of my first stint at prostitution. I ran across the road to the newsagency
and bought a small exercise book,a pen and a ruler which wiped out my
$1.25. I wasn't going to spend any of my $50 whore money I got off
Ray. I didn't know whether Tony would approve, and I wasn't going to
find out the hard way.

I went back up to my room and quickly ruled up a few pages.

Day_ Name_Sex/Age__$____Comments__________________________
Sun   Ray      M40?    $50    Prick ! Little dick,15min,Clothes on. !1st

I made my first entry and went back downstairs. It was 4.00 o'clock and
there was still a steady flow of people up and down the street. I was
comfortable with my line. " Do you want a girl ?"  And I must have used
it thirty times over the next twenty minutes with a variety of responses.

Some men smiled nervously and politely said " No thanks." Others just
ignored me. Some would look at me and say nothing, others would look
at me and say things like.

" You would have to pay me." and " You're a fucking dog."  But the most
common reply I got when I said " Do you want a girl ? " was.

" Yeah, do you know where I can find one ?" It wasn't funny the first time,
and it grew less amusing as the night wore on.

The first few insults got at me a bit, especially being called a dog. But
I got used to it surprisingly quickly. The other thing I noticed were the
number of women who seemed to be checking me out. I'd never really
taken a lot of notice of other women before, but over the last week I had
come to realise that I was more attracted to other women now than I was
to men. I'd discovered how much more interesting women's bodies are
than men's.

I hadn't had any sexual contact with  another woman in my entire 32
years. And then in the space of one week, I'd become bi-sexual with a
preference for women.  I guess I always was, I just didn't know until the
blonde woman came into my life.

I was lost in thought about her, about my Mistress, and the ultimate
point of all that I was doing when I heard the voice.

" How much ?" He was hiding behind a pair of dark sunglasses and
looking around nervously. Early twenties, and he had a gold wedding
ring on his finger that he played with nervously. I guess I was getting
a feel for the whore business, because I looked at him and said.

" We'll talk about it upstairs. " Then I took his arm and walked up the
stairs with him. I just about knew his life story by the time we got to my
door. His name was David, he was 23, and had been married for over
four years. The lovely Mrs David was 7 months pregnant, and not
remotely interested in sex.

A picture of her pretty face smiled out at me from his wallet when he
gave me the hundred dollars I asked for. He got even more nervous as
we got undressed and got on the bed together. There was no need to
get him hard, his cock was sticking up at me from under his shirt when
he took his pants off.

I put a condom on him, and some lube in me, and he got on and shoved
it in. I don't know how long poor David gone without, but he fucked me
at a hundred miles an hour as soon as he was inside me.

I moaned a couple of times and he came. I thought the whole of the
Eastern Suburbs would have heard him. ' God you needed that.' I
thought to myself.

He said " Thank you." about five times as he got dressed quickly and left.

'What sort of a women ignores her husbands sexual needs just because
she doesn't have any ?'I wondered to myself about the stupid bitch with
his baby in her stomach. He obviously didn't want to cheat on his wife,
but what's a bloke like him suppose to do. " Stupid Bitch !" I muttered
as I pulled the zipper up on my boots.

We'd gone into the room at 4.24. I was back out on the street at 4.36.
If my first two customers were any indication, 10 to 15 minutes was all
it took.

I looked at the people walking up the street, saw an older guy that looked
a likely taker and said. " Do you want a girl ?"

I heard the voice screaming at me as he got closer.

" What the fuck do you think you're doing bitch."

I didn't see where the impact came from, but with the heals that were on
my big leather boots I lost my balance and ended up on the dirty
footpath with the cigarette butts and food wrappers and all the other
rubbish  that littered the street.
I looked up and saw her. She was obviously a prostitute, and she was
screaming at me. " Fuck off out of here you fucking little mole....."

Then she went suddenly quiet. Desmond's big hand struck her across
the cheek and she fell onto the footpath beside me, a trickle of blood
coming from the corner of her mouth.

I could feel every eye in the street on us. It was as if the whole street had
stopped and was silent. Everybody was looking at the two whores
lying on the dirty footpath.

Desmond stepped over me and stood over the other woman.

" Lexy, this is Lynne. Say hello to Lynne Lexy."

She lifted her face toward me and said " Hello Lynne." I've never had
someone look at me with such hatred as she had in her eyes.

" Say hello to Lexy Lynne." Desmond said as he grabbed me by the arm
and pulled me to my feet.  " Hello Lexy." I muttered, still stunned from
the impact with the concrete.

" Get up Lexy." Desmond said in a cold voice, and she dragged herself to
her feet.  " Tony isn't going to like this Lexy. Tony isn't going to like this
at all."

" I'm sorry Desmond, I didn't know.....Please...Don't tell Tony....."

Desmond wasn't listening, he just turned and walked away. The hate
in her eyes had turned to sheer terror.

" Oh Fuck !" She shouted as she rummaged through her handbag and
pulled out a cigarette and lit it. The street suddenly seemed to come
to life again. The noise, the movement of people on the footpath, the
traffic passing by. The incident with the two whores was over.

" I'll get you, you fucking bitch." Lexy said, smoke coming out of her
mouth as she spoke, the hatred back in her eyes, as she ran up my
stairs,  our stairs.

I ran up the stairs behind her. Not to catch up with her, but to run to
my room. I slammed the door shut behind me and fell onto the bed.

I laid there for a while, curled up into a little ball, like a scarred little
girl. This had gone too far. What did I think I was doing ? This wasn't
a game any more. Why was I here selling myself for sex? How did I ever
agree to go along with this? How did I get myself into this?

There was a knock at the door. " Who is it ?" I sobbed like a frightened,
angry child " It's Kelly Lynne. I've got your things."

I ran to the door and burst into tears again as soon as I saw her. She
walked in and hugged me. Patting me on the back like a mother
comforting her daughter.

" The Mistress knew you wouldn't be able to handle it. I've got your
things. It's all over Lynne. "

" What do you mean it's all over ?" I sobbed as I squeezed her tighter.

She pulled away from me and held up the bag I'd given to Daniel, and
my handbag I'd left on the steps at the blonde woman's house.

" Get changed, I'll fix Tony up with what you owe him, I'll get you a taxi,
and you can go back to your old life, to the way things were."

I ran my hands through my hair and  sniffled a few times. I didn't want
to go back to my old life. I couldn't. I just wanted to be with the blonde
women. I wanted to call her Mistress, I just wanted to beher slave.

Kelly seemed to know what I was thinking.

" It doesn't work like that Lynne. You don't get to pick and choose. You
just do as you're told. The Mistress won't waste her time on women
who can't handle it, women who don't really need to be what she wants
them to be. Now get changed and we'll get you home."

" But I am home." I heard myself say. " All I want is to be her slave. I
have to see this through Kelly. You can't send me back to that other
life now......please."

I hadn't realised that there was still a part of me that didn't accept what I
had become. A part of me that didn't want to be a slut and a whore
and ultimately a slave. But the sudden prospect of being sent back to
live out my life as the other Lynne made everything very clear.

Even that part of me that had still had doubts was terrified at the
prospect of going back to the life of the other Lynne. " Please Kelly, I'm
sorry."

" It's over Lynne." Kelly said softly. " You can't handle it."

" I can Kelly...Please..... just give me one more chance. I'll do anything
she wants me to do.......anything. Tell her. Please tell her Kelly." I was
beginning to lose it. There was no way I could go back now. I was furious
with myself for carrying on the way I did. Whores fight on the streets of
Kings Cross all the time. It was no big deal. But it had cost me everything
I needed. Everything I wanted to be.

Kelly had pulled a mobile out of her handbag  and I could hear the
ringing tone. " She says she's sorry, that it won't happen again. She
wants another chance to show you that she can be whatever you want
her to be."

I watched as Kelly listened to the Mistress. Kelly's face was blank,
expressionless. I was desperately trying to think of a way of proving I
meant what I said. And I did mean what I said. Every part of me meant
it this time. There was no longer any part of me that didn't want to be a
slut and a whore and a slave. There was no part of me that didn't need
to be all that and more. There was no doubt at all anymore.
" Tell her to punish me." I said desperately. " Tell her to punish me the
way she said she would. I deserve it. Tell her I know I deserve it. Please."

Kelly turned her back to me and whispered into the phone so I couldn't
hear. She only spoke for a few minutes, but it seemed an eternity. It
was like waiting for a doctor to tell me if I was going to live or die.

In a way it was a matter of life and death. I couldn't live the way the
other Lynne used to live. Not now, not after all that had happened.

The mobile bipped as Kelly pushed a button to hang up. She took her
time putting the phone back in her bag, and then turned and looked
at me. But she didn't say anything. I couldn't take.

" What did she say Kelly.....Do I get...."

" She's very disappointed with you. She likes you, but she has had her
doubts about you all along.......But......."  The room was silent.

" But what Kelly ? Please, what did she say ?"

" She could hear you begging to get punished in that way, and that
pleased her."

" I meant it Kelly. I should be punished. I want to be punished. I..."

" Do you understand  what punishment you're suggesting I inflict on you
Lynne. Do you really understand ?"

" Yes Kelly." I said eagerly, grasping at the glimmer of hope I saw in her
words. I understood what would happen to me when  I suggested it. It
was the only way I could think of to prove myself. And I knew deserved it.

" Very well Lynne." Kelly said staring at me coldly. " The Mistress
has instructed me to punish you in that way. If you take your punishment
well, you get one  more chance. But it will only be ONE more chance"

" It won't happen again Kelly I promise. And I want you to punish me.
I want to show her....."

" Shut up Lynne. You talk too much. That is going to have to change too."

I nodded meekly at her, and waited for her to continue.

" You know what's involved in this punishment, take your clothes off."

As I undid the zipper on my boots the door opened and the huge dark
frame of Desmond entered the room. He was carrying a six pack of
Mineral Springs Water. He took a bottle out and swept his huge arm
across the top of my bedside knocking my tissues and lube and condoms
onto the floor, and put the pack of bottled water on the table.

Desmond And Kelly exchanged more than friendly smiles as he opened
a bottle for her and passed it to her. Kelly took a long drink, half
emptying the bottle.

" Hurry up little whore." Kelly snapped at me.

I had my boots off and was undoing the zipper on my skirt as she yelled
at me. Desmond circled me as I removed my whore clothes, and
eventually stood there completely naked, as Desmond continued to
circle me, looking at my body. He didn't look particularly impressed.

Doubtless he had seen far better bodies than mine. Far more attractive
women than me. He made me feel inferior, not up to the required
standard.

Kelly had finished the first bottle of water and Desmond opened her
another, again they exchanged that look and smile as he passed it to
her. Then he started walking around me again. He stopped behind me
where I couldn't see him, but I could still feel his eyes on my body.

No one had said anything since Kelly ordered me to get undressed. The
silence was so intense I could almost feel it on my skin.
" Is she worth all the trouble ?" Desmond's deep voice said finally
breaking the agonising silence. " She doesn't look like she's worth all
the trouble to me. She's a bit old isn't she ?"

I was glad I couldn't see him as I listened to what he had to say about
me.

" She was 32 a few weeks ago. " Kelly said, then she  took another long
drink from the bottled water. " I think she's worth it."

As stupid as it sounds, Kelly had just given, what was  to me , the biggest
compliment I've ever had. I realised then that the feelings I had for Kelly
were more than sexual.

" Each to his own." Desmond said dismissively. " She has got nice tits
though."

I wanted to show Desmond that I was much more than just a nice set
of tits. I wanted to show him how much pleasure I could give a man given
the chance. I wanted to show him how obedient I knew I now was.

" But she's got a fat arse." His words stung me again.

" She hasn't really." Kelly said. " She's just....big hipped. She could have
looked after her body better, but I still like what I see."

They spent some time discussing my body as Kelly drank the water.
Desmond found all sorts of faults with what he saw, and Kelly defended
me. Then they talked about the punishment I was waiting to receive.

They discussed every disgusting detail of what was going to happen to
me. But I had no second thoughts, no nervous reservations. I knew now
what I was and what I wanted to be. I'd take whatever punishment they
chose to give me. In my own mind, I was already the blonde woman's
slave. Then suddenly Kelly said.

" She knows how to suck cock don't you Lynne. Why don't you show
Desmond what a good little slut you can be. You haven't thanked him
yet for helping you with Ray."

"  Only if she cleans her teeth and does something with her face first."
His voice said behind me.

Kelly nodded her approval and I turned to go to the bathroom and
bumped straight into the huge man standing close behind me. He
pushed me away with a look of  loathing on his face. I fell to the floor
at his feet like a rag doll.

" Stupid fucking whore." He swore at me as he brushed the areas of
his jacket I had touched.

" I'm sorry." I whimpered from the floor. I dragged myself to my feet and
staggered to the bathroom. I looked at my face in the mirror. My eyes
were a bit puffed from crying, but they were filled with passion. I loved
being treated the way they were treating me. I loved being treated like a
slut and a whore, and I craved to be treated like a slave.

I washed my face and redid my makeup. I made myself look as good as
I could, but I was still filled with feelings of inferiority. I had always
thought I was a reasonably attractive woman, but that's not what I
saw as I looked in the mirror.

I went back out to the bedroom, determined to show Desmond what
a useful little slut I am. Kelly was lying on the bed, drinking from the
third bottle of water. I hadn't noticed before, but she was wearing cut off
denim jeans and a white shirt tied in a knot under her breasts. The
Mistress had dressed Kelly the way I had dressed for her.

Desmond was standing near the bedside table, opening the fourth bottle
of water for Kelly. I looked at Kelly not sure what to do next.

" Go on Lynne. Show him that you are good for something."

I knelt at his feet and undid his belt and zipper. Kelly moved towards us
on the bed. My face was level with Desmond's  crotch, and Kelly moved
so as her face was level with mine from where she lay on the bed. She
leaned on one elbow and rested her head against her hand, and drank
from the new bottle of water in her other hand.

" Go on Lynne, do your stuff."

I reached into his trousers, pulled his jocks to one side, and took his
penis out. It wasn't as large as Tony's, but it wasn't much smaller.

" Come on Lynne, get him hard, show him what you can do."

Her face was only a foot or so from mine as I took Desmond's huge soft
cock in my hand. Kelly laughed as  it flopped around in my hands as I
tried to  wrap my  lips around the large circumcised head.

I was able to get a few inches of it in my mouth and I sucked and licked
it like only a slut can. Then  I buried my face in his open zipper and licked
his balls while I massaged his soft cock in my hand.

His body wasn't responding to what I was doing to him. I put his cock
back in my mouth and swallowed as much of it as I could and tried to
slide it in and out of my mouth, but it was too soft. I heard him breath
out hard in boredom.

" Come on Lynne, this is one of the few things you're any good for."

I held his cock up by the head and licked the sensitive underside below
the head, but still his cock didn't respond to me. I sucked on it again,
licked his balls again then put it back in my mouth and sucked on it
and licked it frantically.

He pushed me away and I fell to the floor beside the bed. His huge soft
cock hung down between his legs. I hadn't aroused him at all. He looked
down at me with contempt.

" Why don't you show her what a real woman can do to a man Kelly."
Desmond said as he looked down at the beautiful young woman lying
on the bed.

" Sure Desmond." Kelly said with a mischievous smile on her face.

I just laid on the floor where I had landed as I watched Kelly reach
out and gently stroke his penis. They both smiled at each other as his
cock responded to her touch. I watched it grow and swell as Kelly just
stroked it with her hand.

Then she leaned forward and took it in her mouth. Her head moved up
and down a couple of times as she slid it in and out of her mouth. Then
she slid it all the way out and it stood up at her stiff and hard from being
in her mouth.

" See what I mean Kelly. I don't know why you're wasting your time with
her." He said in a voice that made me feel even more pathetic than I
already felt. " She's not getting too many second looks down on the
street. Ray only fucked her because he's already fucked every other
whore in the Eastern Suburbs a dozen times. And he won't be back. He
told me she was a dud fuck."

" What about the young bloke with the wedding ring." Kelly said as she
rubbed her hand up and down his huge erect cock.

" He was that horny he didn't care what he fucked." Desmond said, a
breathlessness beginning to change the way he spoke.

" I still like her." Kelly said. " If she takes her punishment well, and the
Mistress decides to give her another chance, I'm sure she'll make a
good whore."  They talked about me as if I wasn't there.

Kelly wrapped her hand around his cock and began  to jerk him off,
slowly at first, then faster and faster. She knew when he was about to
cum and wrapped her lips around the head of his cock just his balls
started to  pump his cum up the shaft  of his cock.

I watched the contortions on his face as his cum squirted into Kellys
mouth. When he was finished, he gently pulled his cock from between
Kelly's lips. She opened her mouth to show him how full it was with his
white cum. She kept her mouth open so he could watch his cum slide
down her throat till her mouth was empty. Then she licked a few drops
off her lips, and washed down what was left of his cum with the bottle of
water she still held in her left hand.

His body didn't even respond to anything I had done to him. But Kelly
had been able to get the big man hard and get him off in a matter of
minutes.

" You're incredible Kelly." Desmond said as he lent down and kissed her
on the top of the head.

" Go and lie on the bathroom floor Lynne. We'll be in shortly."

I didn't say anything. There wasn't anything to say. I just did as she had
ordered me to.

The tiles on the bathroom floor were cold as I lay there waiting for the
punishment I had suggested. They left me waiting for some time. They
probably thought I was lying there filled with fear at what was about to
happen. Waiting for me to change my mind as I laid there thinking about
what she was going to do to me.

But they were wrong. I couldn't wait for her to do it. I knew this would
show them I meant what I said. I wanted to show them that there would
be no more hesitation, no more emotional outbursts.

The thoughts that filled my mind were of the ugly whore Lexy, who had
caused all these problems for me. Of Desmond, and how I had been
unable to arouse him in any way, of how unattractive he must have
found me. And as always, thoughts of the blonde woman .

I just wished Kelly would hurry up and punish me so the blonde
womanwould be pleased with me. Pleased with the way I took my
punishment.  Ijust wanted to do whatever it took to make the blonde
woman happy with me so that she would forgive me, and not send me
away.

I looked up at Kelly as she walked into the bathroom.

" You've been a stupid little whore, haven't you Lynne !" She said glaring[
down at me.

" Yes Miss I have, I'm sorry. It will never happen again I promise."

" Sorry isn't enough Lynne. You have to be punished."

" Yes Miss, I know, I deserve to be punished, please punish your stupid
little whore."

She looked down at me as she unzipped her shorts and stepped out of
them. Desmond was standing in the doorway leaning against the door
arch. He was going to watch Kelly punish me. She handed him her
shorts, and then slid out  of her panties and Desmond held those for her
as well. He glared down at me with a look on his face beyond contempt.

Kelly stood over me with a leg either side of my head. My eyes were fixed
on the beautiful soft flesh between her legs. I felt  myself getting wet
when I saw her beautiful bald pussy. I always got wet when I saw Kelly's
pussy.

" What are you Lynne. What do you want to be. ? "   Kelly said softly.

" I'm a slut and a whore." I said as I moved my eyes to hers. " And I
want to be her slave, I need to be her slave."

" You have a lot to learn before you become anyones slave Lynne."

" I know Miss. I know I've disappointed her. But I will never disappoint
her again. And I know I must be punished for what I did."

" You know what I'm going to do to you, don't you Lynne."

" Yes Miss. I deserve it. Please punish me. Please do it to me."

" Don't ever disappoint her again you dirty little whore."

She squatted over me, her pussy was right above my face. Then she
looked down at me. I opened my mouth when I saw her stomach
muscles tighten as she pushed down to squeeze her urine out of her
body.

We looked into each others eyes the whole time.

When she was finished, she reached down between her legs and started
rubbing herself. Her pussy was only six inches from my mouth as she
masturbated.

She licked her finger and rubbed herself hard on her clit  Punishing me
in that way had aroused her so much that she brought herself to the
brink of an orgasm very quickly. I could tell by the look on her face she
was about to cum, and she screamed out. " Lick me Lynne. Lick my cunt
you dirty little whore. "

I stabbed her clitoris with my tongue and she came. She fucked my
wet face as her orgasm ripped through her body. Then she pushed my
head away and masturbated through her final moments of pleasure.

She grabbed one of the towels Tony had left me and wiped herself
clean. I'd started masturbating when I saw her stomach muscles
tighten, I was still masturbating when she said.

" Hurry up and have a shower. We'll wait for you in the bedroom."

I was close to cumming, but I had been holding back thinking Kelly would
finish me off. She never took her eyes off me as she put her shorts on.
I could tell she liked the way I looked, lying on the floor playing with
myself after what she had just done to me.

Then I looked over at Desmond,  Kelly brushed past him as she left the
bathroom, the disgust he felt for me was more intense than ever now.
But I loved the look on his face. I loved being thought of as a dirty
whore, as a disgusting pathetic little whore.

Watching him looking down at me like that pushed me over the edge and
I started to cum. He watched me through part of my orgasm but started
to leave before I was finished.

" Watch me Desmond." I begged through the spasms of pleasure that
shook my body. " Watch the dirty little whore fuck herself, look at the
little who covered in  Kelly's P...." I couldn't say the word. Just thinking
it made me scream in ecstasy.

My orgasm quickly subsided as soon as there was no one left watching
me. I lay on the floor catching my breath, trying to bring the world back
into focus.

I mopped up the floor with Kelly's towel and some disinfectant I'd found
under the sink. I was glad Tony had left the toiletries . I scrubbed my face
and body in the shower and shampooed and conditioned my hair three
times.

Then I scrubbed my face again, and brushed my teeth twice. I didn't feel
dirty. I didn't feel that what I had done was dirty or wrong. How could it
be, we both had orgasms from doing it. All I had done was taken the
punishment I deserved. The fact was, I enjoyed my punishment, like a
good slave would. And I knew I could be a good slave for her.

I didn't care what Desmond or anybody thought about me, anybody
except the blonde woman. What  she thought and what she wanted was
all that mattered to me.

But I wanted to be as good a whore as I could be for her. I wanted to
smell nice for the men who would pay to fuck me.

But I still didn't know for sure whether taking my punishment had given
me the second chance I had begged them for. I thought I had proven
myself to them. Surely I had after what I had just done. But I still didn't
understand this world of theirs.

I found a clean pair of panties in amongst what Tony had left for me.
and they were all I had on when I walked out into the bedroom combing
my long wet hair. Desmond was gone, Kelly was talking on her mobile.

" Yes, she even opened her mouth without having to be told to, the dirty
little whore. She wanted it.....Yes she did, she masturbated all the way
through it, and she had an orgasm on her own fingers, we didn't touch
her...........Yes Mistress."

Kelly sat on the bed looking at me. I waited as long as I could stand it.

" What did she say ?"  I pleaded, no longer able to endure the wait.

" You get your second chance." Kelly said as she walked to the door.

Then she stopped and turned around and looked at me.

" Don't fuck up again Lynne. She won't give you any more chances. Just
do as you're told. I'll miss you if you fuck up again."

I collapsed on the bed in relief. I realised how close I had come to being
sent away without fulfilling my ultimate goal. And that was not going
to happen. There was no more doubt. There was no longer any part
of me that wasn't sure.

" I'm a slut. I'm a whore. And I am going to be her slave. There is no way I
am going to fuck up again."

If there had been anybody in the room to hear me, the determination in
my voice would have left them in no doubt that I meant what I said. I
wasn't going to give her an excuse to send me away.

I got dressed in my whore clothes,  put on some makeup, and went back
down to get myself some customers.

They obviously had people watching me. I knew now just what sort of a
slut and a whore  I was, and I was going to show them.  I wanted them to
know what I now knew about myself.

It was 6.30  when I leant back against the wall. I'd wasted nearly
two hours of whore time with my little emotional outburst. But I was
learning more about myself all the time. Maybe I needed an incident like
that to finally let go of what ever was left of the other woman called
Lynne. But I knew she was gone now.

And perhaps I needed to show myself how far I was prepared to go to
become her slave. There was no doubt now how far I was prepared to
go. As disgusting as it sounds, thinking about what Kelly did to me in
the bathroom makes my bald little pussy drip.

I saw Lexy down the street approaching the men that walked past her.
She had nearly cost me everything, I don't think I have ever felt such
hatred for another person in my life than I did for that whore.

And I didn't think she was particularly attractive either. She was about
my height 5'2", but she looked like she was a bit podgy under her
whore clothes. She had a black dress on. Really low cut, her tits  looked
fairly big, but nothing special. Her dress was too short, her thighs were
just a bit too big for a dress that short.

She was obviously trying to look a bit classier than the other girls on the
street with her black dress and  black stockings and shoes. But I didn't
think there was anything classy about her. She was sort of pretty, with
long black curly hair. And although I was finding myself more and more
attracted to other women, Lexy didn't do anything for me. I wasn't
attracted to her at all. The more I looked at her the uglier she seemed
to look. I despised the ugly  whore.

I was staring at Lexy, thinking how much I hated her when I heard
Desmond's deep threatening voice behind me. I turned to face him. I
knew what he thought of me. It was all over his face as it had been up
in my room. But I didn't flinch from his cold gaze. I was everything he
thought I was, and although it disgusted him, it thrilled every part of me.

His eyes said more about what he thought of me than his words as he
spoke in that deep voice of his.

" I've met some desperate pathetic women  in my time on the streets
Lynne. But I've never met a woman who disgusts me the way you do.
I don't know what you are, I don't know what word to use to describe
you. I don't know if there is a word to describe what you are. But one
thing I do know, the word whore is too good for you.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 8. A SELFISH LITTLE SLUT.

His eyes said more about what he thought of me than his words as he
spoke in that deep voice of his.

" I've met some desperate pathetic women  in my time on the streets
Lynne. But I've never met a woman who disgusts me the way you do.
I don't know what you are, I don't know what word to use to describe
you. I don't know if there is a word to describe what you are. But one
thing I do know the word whore is too good for you."

Perhaps he was right. Perhaps the word whore was too good to describe
me, to describe what the blonde woman had turned me into. And  I'm
sure it would have disgusted Desmond even more if he realised just how
much  being spoken to the way he spoke to me aroused me.

I don't know if there is a word to describe what I had become, but there
is a word to describe what I  so desperately want to be. All that matters
to me now was becoming her slave.

I know that the blonde woman is testing me, training me, pushing me to
explore my sexuality, to explore the perverse new world into which she
has led me. And forcing me to test what limits, if any, there are to what I
will now submit myself to.


Eventually if I prove myself to her the day will come when she will let
me surrender myself completely to her by becoming her slave.

She will whip me and punish me in all sorts of cruel and disgusting ways.
She will humiliate me and abuse me in ways I couldn't  even imagine.
And I will love every minute of  whatever she does to me, whatever she
has others do to me and whatever she makes me do.

But as Kelly had said, I had a lot to learn before that day would come.
Some of it I would learn as a whore on the streets of Kings Cross. But for
now, I was just one of many whores on the streets of The Cross.

Seven men paid to use me over the next four hours. All but one paid $60
for a head job plus sex. The other one just paid the $50 it costs to fuck
me.

There was nothing particularly notable about any of them. I wasn't really
taking that much notice of them anyway. I just wanted to get as many
upstairs as I could, to make as much money for my Mistress as I could.

Lexy and I passed each other a few times over that period, each time
the glares of hatred we exchanged grew in intensity.

It was nine o'clock and I had $560, so I headed down to see Tony. I
went through the door that led to the bar at the back. The place was
again full of prostitutes and pimps and dealers. My little friend with the
nice arse wasn't there. Two other women wearing the same type of
G-Strings  were serving drinks. But their arses weren't as nice as my little
friends.

I asked one of them if Tony was in and she smiled at me and said.

" You must be Lynne. Do you want a scotch? I can run a tab for you. We
run tabs for all of Tony's girls."

" No thanks, is Tony in ?" She was an attractive woman, but I didn't have
time to play.


" He's in his office." She said in a huff and walked off. I knocked on the
door and waited for permission to enter.

Desmond was there when I walked in, and he left as soon as he saw
me. He couldn't stand to be in the same room as me. Tony called after
him, but he stormed off. It seemed odd, everybody was scared of Tony,
everybody jumped when Tony said to, but not Desmond.

" Don't worry about Desmond. " Tony said. " Like you, my little brother
has a lot to learn. He's going to see kinkier things than Kelly pissing on
your face if stays around here. Sit down."

I sat in the same chair as I had sat in earlier while he counted the money
and wrote some numbers in the ' Lynne ' page of his green ledger.

" OK." Tony said. " You got 560, my cut is 25% which is 140,"

I noticed how Tony only said numbers when he was discussing money.
It was Five Sixty and One Forty. Not Five Hundred and Sixty and never
any mention of Dollars.

" You owe me 150, plus 100 for the stuff I left in your room for you."

The towels and toiletries had cost me $100. They couldn't have been
worth more than $50, but I  wasn't going to argue with him, and he
knew it.

" So that leaves 160 for you." He divvied up the money and handed me
my $160. I had fucked 9 blokes and all I ended up with was $160. I
smiled at Tony and said ' Thank You ' as I took the money off him. I don't
know why, but for  some reason I liked Tony.

I  had a couple of toasted sandwiches and a cup of coffee  at a cafe,
and was back at my doorway at 9.45. The streets were getting crowded
as the night wore on. By 2.00 am another 10 men had paid $60 to
fuck me and have me suck their cocks. And I took the money to Tony.

My share of the $600  was $450 this time, and I left it with Tony to look
after for me. From then till 5.00 am, another three men paid the  fifty
dollars it costs to fuck me and nine paid the extra $10 dollars it costs for
me to suck their cocks before they fuck me. I headed for Tony's with
another $690 of which I would get $520.

" Is this ok for a Saturday night" I asked  as Tony tallied up the numbers
in his ledger ?"

" 31 customers isn't bad, but Lexy had 36 and she started later than
you."

I felt the hair on the back of my neck stand up when he said her name.

" Which reminds me." He pushed the button on his intercom and said.

" Tell Lexy to get her arse in here. "

I wanted to say something but I knew I couldn't. Lexy and I glared at
each other as she entered Tony's office. He didn't offer her a chair or
even acknowledge that she was there. He only looked at me as he spoke.

" A mate of mine saw your little cat fight earlier and wants to watch you
two go down on each other."

" I'm not going down on her." I  snapped before I could stop myself.


" It's worth  150 to each of you, after my cut." Tony said, obviously
annoyed with my attitude.

" I don't care, I'm not going down on her.You said I get to pick who I.."

" O Fucking K then Lynne. But I'm taking my 100 out of your earnings.
You gotta pay for Lexy's share of my cut too."

" That's fine Tony." I said as politely as I could. " It's worth it not to have
to go down on her."


" I don't give a fuck as long as I get my cut. Now get your arse back out
on the street and make us some money Lynne. "

Lexy still hadn't said anything, she just kept glaring at me. But she
looked terrified when Tony said. " Lexy, you stay, we need to have a talk."

I had two more customers, both $60 half and half jobs. Which meant
another $90 for me and  $30 for Tony. It was 6.15 am and the streets
were getting quieter as the sky began to lighten as sunrise approached.

I was thinking of calling it a night when a middle aged woman walked
past me and whispered " Follow me." and headed up my stairs. She
stopped at the first landing and turned and looked at me. Her eyes were
roaming over my body. " What's your name? "

" Lynne." I replied, as my eyes wandered over her body. She wasn't bad.
She had long tinted brown hair, a reasonably pretty face, and her body
was slim, and it looked like she had fairly large breasts. She was dressed
like she'd just been to a very formal function. Expensive black dress,
lots of expensive jewellery, long manicured nails painted a rich red.

Everything about her said money. " Show me your arms Lynne."

" What ?' I said, genuinely confused by what she had said. She peeled
a twenty dollar bill from a roll of notes in her hand and dropped it on
the floor. " Show me your arms Lynne." The plastic note floated down
and landed at her feet.

I bent down and grabbed it, then stood up and held out my arms. She
gently grabbed my left arm and slowly turned it around, inspecting it.
Then she did the same to my right arm.

" Good." She said. " Let's go to your room."

I realised as we walked up the stairs together that she was looking for
needle marks; She didn't want a junkie.

When we got inside she told me to take my clothes off.

" You don't get a strip show for twenty bucks lady." I said, in my new
whore voice. She took a fifty from her hand and dropped it on the floor,
again I bent down and picked it up.

She sat on the bed as she watched me take off my boots.

" Now your shirt." She said with a hint of excitement creeping into her
voice.

I undid the knot in my shirt under my breasts and tried to look seductive
for her as I  peeled it off.

" Hmmmm very nice. You've got big nipples. Now the skirt."

I undid the zipper slowly and wiggled my arse for her as I pulled the skirt
down.

" Do you want me to take my panties off now ?" I asked, with as sexy a
voice as I could.

" Yes Lynne, I want to keep them." She dropped another twenty on the
floor, and I slid out of my panties and held them out for her.

" My panties will cost you forty." I said, realising there was a lot of money
to be made out of this woman. She dropped another twenty to the floor
and  took my panties and put them in her handbag.

" Why did you shave your cunt?" She asked as I was kneeling on the floor
picking up the forty dollars.

" Two women shaved it for me."  Her green eyes lit up when she heard
what I'd said.

" How many men have fucked you tonight Lynne ?" She said waving a
twenty in front of her face.

" About 30." I said as I reached out for the note. She pulled it away.

" Did they all wear condoms ?"

She looked disappointed when I said " Yes."

" Anyone fuck you up the arse ?"

" No. Not tonight."  She put the twenty in my hand, then moved toward
me and gently stroked my nipples. They responded to her touch. Then
she slid her hand down my body and stroked me between the legs. She
smiled at me as she felt my body beginning to lubricate itself.

She took a small vibrator from her handbag and told me to stick it up
myself.

" That's going to cost...." She shut me up by shoving a fifty dollar bill in
my mouth. I took the vibrator off her and moved my feet wider apart
and slid the vibrator up myself.

" Let go of it and hold it inside yourself." She said as she caressed my
breasts again. I did as she said, tensing my muscles so my body would
hold the vibrator inside me, and slowly let go of it with my hands.

" Hold it in you for as long as you can." She said as she shoved another
fifty in my mouth.

I stood there naked, except for my stockings and garter, with four
twenties  and one fifty dollar bill in my left hand, and two fifty dollar bills
in my mouth, and the end of a vibrator hanging out of me between my
legs.

I held it for as long as I could, but I was getting wet, and the wetter I
got, the harder it was to hold the vibrator inside me. As I felt it start to
slip out of me I tried to squeeze my pussy tighter around it, I tried my
best to hold it inside me as long as I could for her, but I was getting
wetter and eventually it slid out of me and fell to the floor, glistening with
my juices. I bent down, picked it up and passed it to her.

" This is what we're going to do Lynne." I took the money out of my
mouth as she whispered into my ear telling what she wanted me to do.
Whispered as if there were people listening to the disgusting things she
was saying.

" Two hundred." I said, I probably should have said three hundred.

" I've already paid you enough. Don't get greedy little whore." She said as
she started to get undressed. " But I will give you another two hundred if
you give me a good time."

" One hundred, and another two hundred if I give you a good time." I
said as I squeezed her breast through her bra.

" Get your filthy whore hands off me." She screamed. I pulled my hand
away, startled by her response. She reached into her handbag and threw
a handful of five dollar notes in my face.

" Now crawl around the floor and pick up your money whore." She said
angrily.

I had all the other notes she had given me in my left  hand, and lowered
myself onto the old carpet and crawled around on my hands and knees
picking up my money as she watched me.

She told me to sit on the floor and count my whore money. There were
twenty three five dollar notes, one hundred and fifteen dollars.

" Happy now little whore." She said, now completely naked.

" Yes, thank you." I said as I looked at her body. She was in great shape.
She obviously worked out and spent time under the tanning lamps. She
was shaved too.

" You know what to do." She said in a low soft voice.

I put all the money in my top draw and lied on my back on the bed
propping my head up on the pillows.

She stood beside the bed, her face flushed in anticipation.

" Get up here slut !" I yelled. Her eyes closed in pleasure as I called her
a slut. Then she got up on the bed.

" Crawl over here and lick my whore cunt." She buried her face between
my legs and started licking my cunt.

" Do you know how many cocks have been in my whore cunt tonight."

I was enjoying it as much as she was, I felt myself getting wetter as
her tongue lapped at me between my legs.

" Over thirty cocks have fucked my little whore cunt tonight. And you're
licking it you dirty little slut." She moaned loudly and reached down
between her legs to play with herself. " Can you taste all those cocks
little slut. Can you taste all those cocks ? "

My clit had swollen as her tongue licked me, and darted in and out of
me. " Stick your tongue out little slut. I want to rub my whore cunt on
your pretty little tongue."

Her eyes were closed and her tongue was poking out eagerly from her
mouth as I slid myself up and down against her face.

" Look at you." I said sounding disgusted. " Lying there playing with
yourself while a whore fucks your face."

I was close to cumming, my clit was throbbing as I rubbed myself against
this woman's tongue. But she didn't want me to cum. Whores don't cum
she had said to me. So I pushed her away and told her I wanted to
watch her play with herself.


She rolled onto her back, and spread her legs wide as she fingered
herself. Then she grabbed one of her tits and lifted it to  her mouth and
sucked and bit on her own swollen nipple.

" Show me your cunt." I yelled at her. Her tit fell from her mouth as
she reached down and  pulled her cunt lips apart for me.

" Wider." I shouted at her." Pull your cunt open wider for me little slut."

She groaned loudly as she stretched herself wide for me, her fingers
glistened with her juices as she pulled her lips apart further.

" I want to see you cum slut. Play with yourself and cum for the whore."

She rubbed her clit hard with one hand and reached under herself with
her other hand and slid a finger up her arse.

" Look at you. You've got my cunt juice all over your face. You've got
a whores cunt juice all over your pretty little face. "

She groaned loudly as she started to cum.

" You love the taste of a whore's cunt, don't you little slut."

I abused her all the way through her orgasm. Then she let out one last
loud moan and slumped on the bed. Her hand still rubbing herself
gently.

" I haven't finished with you yet. I know what else you like the taste of
little slut. You like the taste of a whore's arsehole don't you. You want to
stick your tongue up my little whore arsehole, don't you."

She moaned quietly as I rolled over and stuck my arse up in the air.

" Come on little rich bitch. The whore wants her arsehole licked."

I heard the purring sound of her vibrator, then I felt her hand on the
cheek of my arse, then  her tongue was on my arsehole. I had to bite my
lip to hold back the sounds I wanted to make.

" Now stick your tongue up the whores arse." I desperately wanted to
reach between my legs and rub my clit and cum with her tongue up my
arse. But that wasn't what she wanted. It wasn't what she had paid for.

I was finding it hard to speak. My body didn't agree with her comment
that whores don't cum. I could hear the different sounds the vibrator
made as she fucked herself with it. Louder as she pulled it out of herself
and a more muffled sound as she shoved it up inside herself.

I couldn't talk with her tongue on my arsehole. All I could do was close
my eyes and try not to cum as I listened to her grunting and moaning as
she came again.

When she was finished, I watched in silence as she wiped her face with
some tissues and got dressed. She checked herself in the mirror in her
compact, then, looking like the stuck up rich bitch she was, she walked
over to the bed, and sprinkled four fifty dollar bills over my body.

She turned and walked to the door, then stopped and looked down at
me on the bed. " Enjoy your money little whore." Then she was gone.

I grabbed one of the fifty dollar bills and started rubbing  my pussy with
it. I reached under myself and slid a finger up my arse as I came.

I had fucked 33 men in the past 16 hours, but the only orgasms I'd
had were the ones I'd given myself.

It was nearly 8.00 am and I was exhausted. I fell asleep with my finger
still up my arse.

When I woke up at two in the afternoon, I counted the money the woman
had given me. $545.00.  With the $120 I had from the two men that
I sucked and fucked, I had another $665.00. That would be $500 for
me.

I got my little book out and filled in a line for the woman. My little book
showed that  I had fucked 33 men my first night as a prostitute. Plus the
woman who had paid $545 to eat a whores cunt.

I had grossed $2395 in a little over sixteen hours. It could have been
more if I hadn't lost those two hours because of Lexy. And after taking
all Tony's cut and other costs out, I had made $1540 for the blonde
woman, less what I needed to spend on food and condoms and the other
necessities of a whores life.

" Oh Fuck !" I swore out loud. I hadn't deducted the hundred dollars it
had cost me to not go down on Lexy. But it still left me with $1440 from
my first night as a whore.

After I took the money to Tony, I bought a fifty pack of condoms, some
new panties, a couple of new shirts and a few pairs of  stockings. I had
some bacon and eggs and a quick cup of coffee in a cafe, and headed
back to my room to prepare for my second night as a prostitute.

I showered and put on the new underwear and a new shirt, caked my
face in the cheap makeup Tony had charged me so much for, and
headed down to my spot on the street. It was 4.00pm.

Lexy wasn't in her spot down from me, a very young and very attractive
woman stood there propositioning the men that walked past. When she
saw me she walked toward me.

" Hi Lynne, I'm Brook." She wouldn't have been much more than 18 or
19, but she seemed older somehow. But she looked good from a
customers point of view.

Young, slim, blonde, large firm breasts behind her little white tank top,
and long tanned legs that lead invitingly to the hem of a very short tight
white skirt.

I couldn't imagine any bloke preferring to pay to fuck me rather than fuck
her. That thought made me wonder about Lexy. I wondered what Tony
had done to her after I left them in his office. I wasn't concerned about
her, the bitch deserved whatever she got, but business would be better
for me with Lexy here instead of Brook.

" Have you heard ? " Brook said, her eyes  coming to life.

The USS Missouri had  docked in the harbour yesterday,  and was due to
sail for some joint exercises off the coast with the R.A.N. But there'd
been some sort of problem and it wouldn't be sailing  until Tuesday
afternoon, and the Captain had granted shoreleave to 4000 sailors.

4000 American sailors who had been at sea for over seven weeks. The
whores of Kings Cross were going to make a lot of money, me included.

Shoreleave started at five. From shortly after five till eight the next
morning, I fucked 68 sailors, and grossed $7880. That meant $5910
for me. For me to give to the blonde woman.

All sorts of men paid to fuck me.White men, black men, Asian me.Harsh
New York accents and grating southern drawls;One minute a man would
be lying on top of me, fucking me madly, the veins in his neck bulging as
he shot his load into the condom, the next minute I'd be walking upstairs
with another one  groping me and sticking his hand up my skirt.

I never had time to fill in my little book properly. All I had written was
' Sailor ' with 67 ticks underneath it and an amount in the end column.
At one stage there was a group waiting at the entrance to the stairway,
cueing up to fuck me.

I never had time to enjoy any of them, they all came within minutes of
entering me anyway. One young white guy actually came when I was
putting the condom on him, and I think a couple of them paid to fuck me
more than once.

It was an amazing night. After it was all over  I had a long  shower  put on
a new pair of panties, and lay on the bed thinking about all those men
who had paid to fuck me.

My body had started to grow accustomed to achieving orgasm several
times a day, and when I touched myself, I felt how wet I was from
thinking about all those men.

I was exhausted from the long night, and from having my pussy pounded
by 68 desperately horny sailors, all be it briefly by most of them. But I
needed some pleasure myself, and lying in the bed, masturbating alone,
seemed a pretty boring way of getting off.

I was a whore, with lots of money, in the middle of the sleaziest part of
Sydney. I thought I'd earned some pleasure for myself. So I got dressed
stuffed some money in my red handbag and went down into the streets.
It was 8.30.am.

I know my husband and the blonde woman read what I write in this
diary. But I know now what she meant when she said that whores and
sluts are not the same. That they're opposites. A whore simply fucks and
sucks for money, she derives no pleasure in what she does, she does it
only for the money.

A slut enjoys being slut. She performs all sorts of sexual acts  for the
pleasure it gives her. A slut would enjoy getting paid to fuck someone,
but the pleasure for her comes from the sexual act, not the financial
transaction.

I've already proven at the party and the dinner at the blonde woman's
house what a slut I am. And after the last two nights   I've proven what a
profitable little whore I am. Even Tony was impressed with the number of
men who paid to fuck me that night. Only a real whore could fuck 68
men in 15 hours and earn over $7000 doing so.

I was a whore while these men fucked me, interested only in the money
I could make selling my body to them for sex. But I was still a slut the
next morning. Still desperate to satisfy my own needs. I know I've shown
that I am both a slut and a whore, just as she wanted me to.

That's why I didn't think doing what I was planning would displease her
too much. At worst, I was just being a selfish little slut. Perhaps I will
be punished for it, but I'm sure I'll enjoy my punishment anyway.

I returned to my room from my little shopping trip with some new sheets
for the bed, more condoms and a few other things, including' a really
daggy frock. A housewife frock.

I changed out of my whore clothes and into my housewife bra, panties,
pantyhose and shoes; And my bright flowery housewife frock.

I looked in the mirror and was surprised to see the old Lynne looking
back at me. I looked like the old Lynne, but she didn't exist anymore. The
image in the mirror was just a reflection of the past, it was the new Lynne
who snuck down the fire escape into the filthy alley.

There was a light shower of rain, and I hid myself under the large black
umbrella I'd bought, and kept my eyes on the footpath as I walked briskly
towards a bus stop in Ward Avenue, timing my walk so that  I could jump
on the first bus that came along without having to stand around.

The bus went to Randwick, from there I caught a cab to Surrey Hills. I'd
seen ads for the brothel on late night T.V. It was classy and expensive.
An elegant woman in her 40s greeted me at the door. There was no
hesitation or surprise in her voice or body language that I was a woman.

It wasn't the reaction I'd expected. I was dressed in my  daggy mummy
clothes, but the woman simply smiled and escorted me into a tastefully
decorated lounge area, and invited me to take a seat on the couch.

I accepted her offer of a glass of Riesling as she explained that they had
seven ladies available at the moment. The price surprised me a bit,
$250 for an hour, all inclusive.

" What does ' All inclusive' mean ?" I asked as I took a sip of wine.

" The Ladies will explain that to you." The Madam said as a stunning
redhead walked into the room. She was absolutely beautiful.

" Hello. I'm Sally." She said in a rich Irish accent  that added to her
appeal.

" Hello Sally." I stuttered as my eyes devoured her body. She wore a
sheer, almost  see through red gown which she had left open at the
front. She stood in front of me just long enough for me to catch a
glimpse of her bright red bra and panties. Then she smiled and slowly
walked away.

" Hi I'm Samantha." I heard the voice, but I couldn't take my eyes off
Sally. " Sally's absolutely beautiful isn't she." I turned towards the voice
when Sally disappeared from view through a doorway.

A young woman with shoulder length blonde hair was standing in front of
me." Hi Lynne, I'm Samantha." She was dressed in lingerie too. Black
lingerie that contrasted with her blonde hair and soft white skin.

" You're beautiful too." I said smiling at her. " But not as  beautiful  as
Sally " I said to myself.

" You look pretty good yourself Lynne." She said with a cheeky smile on
her face, her soft blue eyes staring straight into mine. " You remind me
of a girlfriend of mine. I bet you taste as good as she does too."

I bit my bottom lip as I felt my clitoris respond to what she had said. It
was as if her words had stroked me between the legs, and she knew it.
Samantha lingered for a moment, making sure I realised just how
beautiful she really was and then turned and walked away, just as Sally
had done.

Another five woman paraded themselves in front of me, just as Sally and
Samantha had. They were all beautiful, all dressed in expensive
lingerie, all smelling of delicious fragrances of perfume. I would have
enjoyed myself with any of them, but I wanted Sally.

The Madam returned after the last of the women had introduced them
selves and asked which lady I would like to see. " Will you be using
cash or a credit card ? " She asked politely after I told her I wanted to
see Sally.

I fumbled through my new housewife hand bag and held out $250 in
cash for her. " Sally will be with you in a moment." She said as she took
the money and then left the room.

I felt like a nervous, horny little schoolgirl as Sally sat next to me on the
couch. " Would you like another glass of wine before we go upstairs ?"
She put her hand on my leg as she spoke sending a shiver of excitement
through my body.

" No thank  you."  I bit my lip again as I felt her hand gently caressing
the top of my thigh.

I followed her up a flight of stairs covered in a plush pinkish carpet, then
down a wide hall and into a large room. The lights were dimmed, and
Mariah Carey music played softly in the background. To my left was a
large four poster bed, a black marble spa was in the corner in front of
me. Black metal stands with thick white candles stood on either side of
the bed.

Sally closed the door behind us and moved toward me." What does 'All
inclusive ' mean ? " I asked nervously, trying to take control.

Sally gently ran her finger over the top of my dress, down my cleavage
and across my stomach.

" For you, it means whatever you want it to mean." She looked into my
eyes as she slid her gown off her shoulders and let it fall to the floor.

I had come here expecting to pay a woman to do what I wanted her to
do. I thought I'd be in control of the whore I chose to satisfy me, but it
wasn't turning out the way I'd thought.

So much had happened in the short space of time since that night in the
garage. But I really had very little experience with other women and none
with a woman as breathtakingly beautiful as Sally. She was in control,
not me. I had very little control over myself as her finger snaked it's way
down my body, let alone any control over her.

She kept moving closer until our bodies were touching. I could feel my
breasts against hers, my thighs against hers, my crotch almost against
hers. She reached behind me and slowly unzipped my dress, then peeled
it off my shoulders as she lent forward and gently kissed my neck. My
head arched back and I moaned softly under her touch.

I held her around her waist as she kissed and nibbled on my neck and
ears and she guided me towards the bed. My dress had slid down my
body as we moved and fell to the floor around my feet.

I felt her hands slide inside my panties and grab me firmly on the cheeks
of my arse. My hands did the same to her and we pulled our bodies
together, our crotches pushing hard against each other.

We thrust and rubbed that part of our bodies together as we kissed
each other on the lips and bit each other on the neck.

She seemed as consumed in the passion of the moment as I was.

" Oh God Yes Lynne. Rub yourself against me. Rub your pussy against
mine." She panted.

Our hands grabbed at each others bodies and I felt my panties sliding
down my legs, and we fell onto the bed locked in each others arms. We
rolled around on the bed, the passion building as we pulled each others
bras and panties and stockings off.

Then suddenly she stopped. We were both completely naked and she
was lying on top of me, our pussy's almost stuck together with our juices.
I opened my eyes and looked at her and the expression  on her face
made me moan loudly. I knew what she was going to do, and my eyes
closed again in anticipation.

I felt her tongue on the nipple of my left breast, then I moaned again as
she sucked the nipple on my right breast. I grunted loudly as I felt her
tongue lick it's way down my stomach to the tops of my thighs.

Then she stopped again. My eyes opened  and I looked down at her.
She had a hand around each of my thighs and her face between my
legs, just a few inches from where I so desperately wanted it.

" Oh God Sally please do it." I pleaded as I watched her mouth move
closer. I could feel her breath on my pussy. I could see her tongue
moving closer and closer to my swollen clitoris. I  knew I would cum the
second her tongue touched me there.

She licked the air an inch from my clit. Then moved her mouth a little
closer and licked the air a half an in from my clit. I thrust myself up
towards her mouth in desperation but she pulled her head back and
licked the air above my clit again. I groaned in frustration.

" Are you going to cum Lynne ? " The blonde woman said from the
doorway. My head spun in that direction. It took a moment or two for me
realise that the blonde woman really was standing there.

" Get over here you stupid little slut ! " The seething anger in her voice
cleared my head from the haze of pleasure in which I had been engulfed
just a few seconds before.

I almost fell out of the bed in my rush to obey her and I staggered over
and stood in front her. She grabbed me by the hair and I screamed as
she pulled my head down towards the floor until I fell onto the carpet at
her feet.

She still had hold of my hair and pulled my head back so as my face was
looking up towards her. Her eyes drilled into mine for what seemed an
eternity.

" What the hell's going on ?" I heard Sally ask nervously.

" Shut  the fuck up Sally." Desmond's deep voice roared as he walked
into the room.

" I'm sorry Desmond...I...I didn't see you there, I..." Sally stuttered and
went quiet. Even $250 an hour whores are scared of Desmond.

" Do you know where you were about to stick your tongue Sally ?"


The blonde woman said shifting her eyes towards Sally. But She didn't
answer.

" You were about to lick the dirty little cunt of a cheap street whore."

The room was silent until the blonde woman pulled on my hair again,
almost lifting me off the floor by my hair until my face was looking
straight up at Sally.

" Tell her Lynne. Tell her what you are."

" I'm a street whore." I said as defiantly as I could . " I'm a cheap street
whore."

Sally looked as surprised as she was disgusted. Not just with me, but
with what she had almost done to me.

" She's more than just a cheap whore." The blonde woman said as she
dragged me by the hair towards the bed. " Stand up Sally."

I sensed her reluctance, but Sally did as the blonde woman had
instructed her too, and the blonde woman threw me onto the floor.

"  I think you should show Sally how sorry you are for trying to get her to
lick your dirty little cunt, don't you Lynne ?"


" Yes Mistress." I answered meekly.

" Lick her feet." The blonde woman ordered, and I crawled over to Sally,
brushed my hair out of the way, and started licking her feet.

" She's so much more than just a whore, aren't you Lynne ?"

" Yes Mistress. I'm whatever you want me to be." I only stopped licking
Sally's feet long enough to answer the question.

" Tell Sally how much it costs to fuck you Lynne?"

" Fifty dollars Mistress. It only costs fifty dollars to fuck me."   Again I
only
stopped licking Sally's feet long enough to answer the question.

" But of course your pimp takes his cut out of that doesn't he Lynne ?"

" Yes Mistress."

I heard voices behind me and tried to hear what was going on as I moved
my mouth to Sally's other foot and started licking between her toes. I
soon figured out what the noise was. All the other whores of the brothel
had gathered at the door to see what was going on.

A delicious shiver of humiliation ran down my spine as the blonde woman
invited them in to have a look. I knew I couldn't look up, but out of the
corners of my eyes  I could see high heel shoes and stocking clad ankles
walking beside me.

Some of the women laughed at me, some of them gasped in horror at
what they saw me doing. The humiliation made my pussy juices flow
again.

" Alright, you've had your fun ladies." Desmond said, and the women
quickly left the room, still talking about me as they did.

" You're a very beautiful woman Sally. " The blonde woman said as she
moved closer to her. " I wouldn't mind having that pretty little tongue
of yours between my legs, or up my arse. But you're just another whore,
I can have you whenever I want you."

Sally's toes curled and dug into the carpet when the blonde woman
spoke. Sally obviously didn't like being called a whore.

I heard more footsteps behind me and suddenly someone grabbed my
arms. They pulled them roughly behind me, and  tied them tightly behind
my back. The rope cut into my wrists as I was pulled to my feet by two
men I hadn't seen before. They were both as ugly as each other and
covered in tattoos.

" Get that little bitch out of here." The blonde woman said, her eyes still
feasting on Sally's naked body.

As the two men dragged me towards the door I heard the blonde woman
say. " Well, Lynne has paid for your services Sally.  And I'm sure you're as
talented a little whore as you are a beautiful little whore."

The last thing I saw before the two men pushed me out the door was
Sally kneeling in front of the blonde woman as she lifted her skirt up and
buried her face between the blonde womans legs.

The rope burned my wrists as the two men dragged me down the stairs
and out a rear door. It was only when we got outside that I realised I
was still naked.

" Please let me put some cloths on." I begged them, but they ignored me.
There was a car parked in the small backyard, and to my horror, they
pushed me into the boot and slammed it shut.

A sense of terror engulfed me. I had no idea who these men were, or
where they were going to take me, or what they were going to do to me.

It was pitch dark and I could smell petrol fumes. I don't think I have
ever felt more frightened in my life. I could hear my heart beating loudly
and quickly. I could hear my breathing, fast and shallow.

Then the engine  started and I was thrown against the back of the boot
as the car took off quickly. I was thrown against the rear of the back seat
as the car screeched to a stop. Then against the back of the boot again
as the car accelerated away again. I don't know how long I was in the
boot of the car for. It could have been five minutes or it could have been
an hour.

I didn't even realise that the car had stopped when the boot opened
and the two men reached in and lifted me out. I think we were in a
garage of some sort, but I couldn't really tell because there were bright
lights that hurt my eyes after the darkness I had endured.

I heard myself saying ' thank you ' over and over to the two men as they
led me through a door and down a flight of stairs. I was still thanking
them when I saw Kelly standing at the foot of the stairs.

" Put her in here." Kelly said as she opened the door to what could only
be described as a dungeon. The two men threw me onto a thick bed of
straw in the corner behind the door. Kelly never said anything as the
three of them left and she closed the door behind them.

I lay there for a while catching my breath and collecting my thoughts. I
should have known better than to try to sneak off like that to pursue
my own pleasure without permission. And I realised that all this was just
the start of my punishment for being a selfish little slut.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 9. SHOWING OFF THE NEW LYNNE.

" Put her in here." Kelly said as she opened the door to what could only
be described as a dungeon. The two men threw me onto a thick bed of
straw in the corner behind the door. Kelly never said anything as the
three of them left and she closed the door behind them.

I lay there for a while catching my breath and collecting my thoughts. I
should have known better than to try to sneak off like that to pursue
my own pleasure without permission. And I realised that all this was just
the start of my punishment for being a selfish little slut.

I knew I just had to lie there and wait to be punished. Although I

Lynne put the pen down and looked out the window. It was dark outside.
She'd been writing for hours and had lost all track of time as she relived
what had happened to her through her words in the diary. But something
had interrupted her, a noise.

" What are you doing Lynne ?" Her husband's voice startled her and she
spun around to face him.

" You're back."

" Yeah, but there are plenty of Roo's that didn't make it home this week."

As she looked at her husband she realised that she had hardly given him
a moments thought through all that had happened this last week. Three
weeks ago, her whole life revolved around him, but she wasn't sure what
part he would play in her life from now on.

" The blokes are here,  get us some beers and fix us something to eat."

" Yes Sir." Lynne said obediently, as she had been instructed to. From
now on she was to address all men as Sir or Master and all women as
Miss or Mistress. Failure to do so would put her ultimate goal at risk.

" What do you want me to wear Sir? "

" What you've got on will do for now but put some makeup on and fix
your hair. We'll be in the lounge room."

The red silk robe wasn't all that short, it ended about three inches above
her knees. But she was completely naked underneath it. She could
present herself to them in a much more appealing way, and it would
only take a few minutes. But if this is how her husband wanted her
dressed to serve his friends, then that's what she would wear.

She went into the bathroom and quickly brushed her hair, applied a
touch of makeup and more than a few squirts of Lou Lou perfume. She
looked at herself in the mirror as she  opened the front of her robe to
expose of bit of cleavage.

The four men were siting on the large L shaped lounge as Lynne walked
past them to the bar in the corner of the lounge room. She grabbed four
stubbies of V.B. from the bar fridge, and walked back to hand them to
the men.

" In glasses for fuck sake Lynne." Her husband snapped at her.

" I'm sorry. I'll only be a minute." She could feel the eyes of the four men
on her as she scurried back behind the bar. She quickly grabbed four
glass beer mugs off a shelf on the mirror tiled wall behind the bar.

She had her back to them as she twisted the tops off the stubbies and
poured their drinks, but she could see them in the mirrored tiles. They
were all staring at her. They were talking, and although she couldn't hear
what they were saying, she knew they were talking about her.

She placed the mugs on a woven cane tray and carried them out to her
husband and his mates. Her breasts swayed inside her robe as she lent
forward and served each of them their drink. They all enjoyed the view
behind the gap in Lynne's robe as they took their mugs off the tray, all
except her husband. He didn't bother looking.

" I thought I'd order some pizzas if that's ok Sir. There isn't really..... "

" Anything would be better than your fucking cooking Lynne." Her
husband interrupted. The other men laughed nervously. They weren't
used to him treating Lynne like this, or to Lynne's submissive behaviour.

She went back to the bar, opened four more stubbies and the front
of her robe a bit more then went back to top up their drinks. Her breasts
almost fell out of her robe each time she lent over to fill up one of the
mugs.

She was leaning over topping up one of the men's drinks when she
heard her husband say.

" I think the boys would like something to nibble on Lynne. Got any
ideas."

" See anything you like ?" She asked the man she was serving.

Their laughter was less nervous this time. But none of them said
anything. She poured some pretzels and chips into two bowls, loosened
her robe some more and walked over to the lounge.
The men could see the nipple on her left breast when she lent forward
now. Even her husband looked this time, and he smiled approvingly
when he saw how hard and swollen her nipple was.

She ordered the pizzas and continued serving them drinks but they
seemed to lose interest in her and in looking at her breasts. Lynne
wished that her robe was shorter so that they could see that she had no
panties on. She'd found a number of excuses to bend over in front of
them as served them, but she knew they couldn't see all the way up the
back of her robe.

She served them the pizza's from the boxes and kept filling up their
mugs for another hour or so. In between serving their drinks and food
she was fetching them napkins and plates and putting on music, wiping
spilt beer off the coffee table, and picking up pieces of pizza off the floor.

Her husband referred to her in increasingly crude and degrading terms
as the night went on and the drinks went down. He started calling her
bitch instead of Lynne when he wanted something. Bitch soon became
slut, which soon became whore which  eventually became cunt.

The others started calling her bitch, once or twice one of them called
her slut, but to her disappointment none of them would call her cunt.

They'd had seven or eight beers each and were talking louder and
swearing more with each drink. She was pouring a drink for one of them
when he said.

" Make sure you give me enough head Lynne." Their laughter was  more
boisterous now.

" You'll get all the head you want whenever my slut of a wife is  around
mate." Her husband said loudly.

The more they drank, the more comments they made about her. None
of their little remarks were particularly clever or funny, although the men
thought they were. Lynne was just happy that they were talking about
her, taking notice of her.

One of them flicked his coaster off the coffee table and said. " Pick that
up for me Bitch." When she stood in front of him and bent over to
pick up the coaster he said. " You've got a nice smile Lynne."

The men burst into laughter again, and Lynne stayed bent over a lot
longer than she needed to as she enjoyed their laughter. Then eventually
she stood up and put the coaster back on the table and said.

" Is there anything else I can do for you ?"

" I can think of a couple of things smiley." He said setting off another
round of laughter.

" Excuse me Sir." She said to her husband." I'll have to get some more
beer from the fridge in the kitchen. Her husband didn't look at her or
say anything, he just waved her away with his hand.

She stacked the tray with stubbies of Carlton Crown and walked back
into the loungeroom. She was on her knees, restocking the bar fridge
when she heard her husband. He was telling them how she was always
playing with herself and some of the methods she used to get herself off.

" Hey cunt, get your fat arse over here."

She smiled when she heard his voice. He wanted to embarrass and
degrade her in front of his mates some more and she liked the thought
of it. She opened the front of her robe even further, and walked over and
stood in front of her husband.

" I was just telling the boys what a fucking little slut you are."

Lynne smiled at her husbands friends, the beer had really loosened them
up now, and they were enjoying the way she let her husband treat her.

" Tell them what you have to do if you want to masturbate Lynne."

" I have to ask you for permission to masturbate ." Lynne said looking at
her husband. Then she made eye contact with each of the other men.

" I love playing with myself, I'd do it three or four times a day if I was
allowed, but I'm not. If I want to masturbate when he's at work, I have to
ring him up and ask him, if he's away, like he has been all week, I just
have to wait."

" If you ask nicely, I'll let you masturbate now Cunt. ?"

Lynne was already wet, and she could feel herself getting even wetter
talking like this in front of these men she'd known for so long.  And she
knew that showing people what she was, what she had become, was an
important step in reaching her ultimate goal. Especially showing people
who knew her.

People who knew her as the old Lynne had to be shown what sort of
woman the new Lynne was. She was totally committed to the new life the
blonde woman had offered her and she wanted to show people just what
sort of woman she had become. And her husband's mates were a good
place to start.

" Please Sir, can I masturbate, can I play with myself."

She smiled as her husband nodded his approval. None of the other men
made a sound or moved in their seat. They just sat there watching,
amazed at what was happening.

" Thank you Sir." Lynne said as she slowly ran her hands over her thighs
and up over her stomach. She looked at the other men as she cupped
her breasts in her hands. Her nipples were stiff and she closed her eyes
enjoying the sensation as she squeezed them hard through the soft
material.

One hand slid down her stomach and undid the robe. It fell open giving
the men a good view  of her large breasts and shaved vagina. She looked
into their eyes as she licked the middle finger of her right hand and
moved her feet wider apart.

" I'm so wet." She purred.

" You're always wet." Her husband retorted sarcastically. " And your
bald little pussy is dripping wet now after prancing around here all night
in that skimpy little robe flashing your tits and arse at anybody that will
look. Isn't it little slut?"

" Yes Sir it is." She moaned softly as her finger found her clitoris.

" I was thinking." Her husband said to his friends who were sitting there
staring at his wife as she masturbated. " That stripper we were going to
hire for Mick's buck show tomorrow night is going to cost three hundred
dollars. Lynne would do it for nothing. I know Lynne's nowhere near as
young and attractive as that stripper, but all the blokes will be three
quarters pissed anyway."

Lynne's breathing grew heavier as she soaked up the humiliation of her
husbands words, and the act of playing with herself in front of his
friends.

" You'd like to be Mick's stripper wouldn't you Cunt."

" Yes I would." She panted. " I'd love to be Mick's little slut stripper."

Lynne looked at the faces of her husbands friends as they watched her
masturbating. Stephen was a nice bloke, big and blonde. She'd always
liked him, but had never been particularly attracted to him. His big
blue eyes met hers and he quickly looked back down between her legs. It
was just like Stephen to be embarrassed by what she was doing. But he
still stayed and watched her.

Darren was the one she'd always had a thing for. Young, short dark hair,
as sexy a man as she'd ever met. He smiled at her when their eyes
met, and she moaned softly, her head slumping forward from the
pleasure his smile gave her. When she looked back  at him, his eyes too
were fixed on the wet patch between her legs as  she rubbed herself.

Ross was the one she didn't like. He was a slob and a borderline
alcoholic. And although he thought of himself as one of god's gifts to
women, he was not an attractive man.

She felt her first twinge of embarrassment when her eyes met his. He
had a lecherous smile on his face which showed off his nicotine stained
teeth. She forced herself to smile back at him and watched his eyes
move back to where the attention of the others was focused. Her bald
wet pussy with her finger sliding in and out of it.

" Do any of you want to fuck her?" Lynne's husband asked as if asking
if they wanted another drink or some more pizza. They all shook their
heads sheepishly.

" What about a blow job. She gives great blow jobs. "

Again the three men shook their heads.

" No takers Lynne. You're going to have to lose some weight off that fat
arse of yours if you want to be a slutty little stripper or your audiences
will keep walking out on you."

" I'm sorry." Lynne gasped. " I'll try to look better next time. I promise
I'll try and loose..."

" Shut the fuck up and  get your robe off so they can get a good look at
you."

Lynne slid the robe off her shoulders and flung it away. Her fingers
wasting no time getting back to her swollen clitoris and nipples.

" She's not that bad really I suppose." Her husband continued his
commentary about her body. " Her stomach's still pretty flat, and her
thighs aren't big like a lot of women her age. But she could loose a few
pounds off her arse. Couldn't you Cunt. ?"

" Yes Sir. I have got a bit of a fat arse. I'm sorry. I'll try harder to look
better. "

" But at least she hasn't got any cellulite on her arse or thighs. I wouldn't
have let her take her robe off if she did. Turn around so they can see."

Lynne turned slowly so her husbands friends could see every part of her.
But she kept playing with herself as she did.

" But you must admit, she's got great tits." He leaned over and spun her
around to face them again and grabbed the nipple on her left breast.

" And look how big her nipples are."

" What about my clitoris Sir ? You've always said I've got a really big clit."

" Yes you have Cunt. Show them how big it is."

She moved the hand that had been squeezing her nipple down to her
pussy and pulled her lips apart to show her husband's friends how big
her clitoris is.

Her husband was right, Lynne did have an unusually large clitoris. When
it was swollen as it was now, it poked out from between her legs like
a little penis. Her husband's friends obviously agreed.

Lynne had been on the brink of orgasm several times and pulling her
lips apart to show them her big clit left her desperate to cum.

" May I make myself cum now please Sir." She panted. Her husband let
her words and his wife hanging for a few moments before saying.

" Well no body wants to fuck you so you may as well."

" Thank you Sir." She said and quickly licked her fingers a few times
and started rubbing herself hard.

" Can I lie on the floor please Sir."

She was close now, but having an orgasm standing up is not as
pleasurable for her as it is lying down and her husband knew it. That's
why he said no.

" Tell us when you're going to cum Lynne." He said, almost sarcastically.
as he watched his friends watching his wife.

" Almost." She gasped. " I'm almost there."

Lynne's hand was almost a blur as she rubbed herself faster the closer
she got.

" It's coming....It's coming.....I'm cu..."

" Stop !" Her husband yelled and Lynne obeyed, groaning loudly as she
pulled her hand away from between her legs. Her face was flushed and
she was breathing heavily, a look of desperation filled her face.

" I think you should ask my guests if you can cum or not."

" Yes Sir I should." she panted. She felt light-headed as she turned to
each of the three men in turn.

"  Can I cum please....Can I make myself cum now please...Please..."

They were as keen to see Lynne have an orgasm as she was desperate
to have one. Stephen nodded but wouldn't look at her face. Darren said
" Yes Bitch."  And Ross said. " Yes slut you can cum for us."

" Thank you....Thank you..." Lynne said in a voice that was barely more
than a whisper. " They said I could cum Sir." She said looking back at her
husband. " They said I can make myself cum now."

" Ok Cunt. Get yourself off for then. "

Lynne's fingers buried themselves between her legs again.

" Arrh Yes." She moaned."  It's coming....I'm nearly there...It's coming"

" Hang on a minute Cunt." Her husband yelled at her again. Lynne didn't
think she could hold it back this time.  Her knees buckled and she
grabbed the coffee table to stop herself from falling to the floor.

" Oh Fuck..."

She had stopped touching herself as her husband had instructed, but
she thought she was going to cum anyway. He had told her to Hang on a
minute and she was only just hanging on.

" Would you like to do yourself with your vibrator Cunt.  Would you like to
show them how you shove your big  vibrator up yourself ?"

" Oh yes pleaseSir I would." Lynne suddenly had more control of herself.
Her orgasm would be much more intense with her vibrator. " I'd love to
show them how I fuck myself with my vibrator."

" I know you would, that's why I'm not going to let you use it."

Lynne's head slumped forward. Her husband was playing with her the
way the blonde woman did, and she loved it. He enjoyed showing off the
new Lynne, and she knew that this would only be the start of it.

She waited for permission to finish herself off with her fingers, but her
husband just stared at her, his face beaming. When she couldn't wait
any longer she said softly.

" May I continue masturbating with my hand now please Sir ? "

Her husband remained silent. She had to bite her lip to stop herself
from asking again. Eventually her husband said " Yes, you may."
Lynne let out a long almost pitiful moan.

" But if I say to stop again, and you cum anyway, I'll make you suck the
dog off. Do you understand ? "

" Yes Sir. I understand." She said unconvincingly. She understood what
he meant, but she knew she wouldn't be able to stop herself from
cumming next time.

She had a vision of herself lying on the floor in the laundry giving the
big Rottweiler a head job. She flung her head back trying to shake the
vision from her mind. Her husband and the Blonde Woman knew how
effective their threats of making her do things with dogs were. And they
used the threats well.

Lynne moved her right hand back between her legs slowly, warily. She
knew once she started touching herself again there would be no stopping
this time. She knew if he said to stop again, she would end up on the
floor in the laundry sucking off the dog.

She licked the fingers on her right hand and slid them down her stomach
towards her  bald wet pussy. She'd been giddy and weak in the legs
since her husband had made her stop the second time. The fear of what
she might have to do in the laundry only made it worse.

" You can only use your left hand cunt." The fog started to lift from her
mind as she heard what her husband had said. " Put your right hand
behind your back. If you touch yourself with your right hand, you've got
yourself a date in the laundry with the dog. Do you understand."

She looked at his three friends again. They were like pubescent boys
who had snuck into an R rated movie the way they looked at her.

Her head fell back with a huge smile on her face and she let out a noise
that resembled laughter.

She was floating  in a cocktail of emotions and physical sensations. The
pleasure of being humiliated in front these men that she knew, the
fear of having to satisfy the dog, the frustration of being offered and then
denied her vibrator, and now the frustration of only being allowed to use
her left hand mixed with the physical sensations that grabbed at her
body from between her legs.

As she stood there soaking up all the delicious sensations she realised
how right she had been to choose to become a slut.

Suddenly the fear of servicing the dog became part of the pleasure that
consumed her body and would soon take control of it. Lynne's right hand
slapped against her back as she did as she had been told and she
grabbed  herself between the legs with her left hand.

Her fingers groped around in her wet flesh as she tried to part her lips
and get at her clitoris. But she couldn't get the fingers on her left hand to
do what she wanted them to do. The wet folds of her pussy lips kept
slipping from her fingers.

" Oh Fuck !" She yelled through gritted teeth as her lips slipped from her
fingers again. She closed her eyes as her hand fumbled around between
her legs. She spread her legs wide, bent herself at the knees slightly and
leant back in a desperate attempt to get at herself better. She almost
lost her balance and had to move her legs closer together.

" Can I lie on the floor please Sir." She pleaded with her husband but
he ignored her.

She wiped her hand on her stomach hoping to dry her fingers enough
so she could touch herself the way she needed to. " Ah Yes ! " She
moaned softly as she was finally able to part her lips with the index and
ring fingers of her left hand. She buried the two fingers deeper into the
wet folds of her swollen pussy lips, making sure they couldn't slip from
her grasp again.
Her clitoris was exposed now, and her middle finger hovered above it.
" Oh Yes." She gasped again in relief at finally getting her fingers to do
what she wanted.

" Can I kneel on the floor please Sir ? " She knew how pathetic she must
have looked and sounded, and it sent a rush of pleasure through her
body, but her husband ignored her again.

She looked at the faces of the men watching her, and groaned as she
pushed the finger hard against her clitoris. She looked at Darren and
started rubbing and shaking the hand that was impaled between her
legs. She stumbled as she lost her balance slightly.

" Can I lean against the wall please Sir." She begged her husband, but
yet again he ignored her.

She whined in frustration and looked back at Darren as her body started
thrusting and shaking itself against her fingers as she tried frantically to
rub herself faster.

Her breathing grew heavier and louder as she got herself closer and
closer to the orgasm her body so desperately craved. She felt  it building
inside her. She was  panting wildly when her husband spoke.

Her head spun in his direction. She hadn't heard what he'd said. But
she didn't care anymore. She couldn't stop, if she had to suck the dog
off, then she would. But she had to cum.

" It's cumming...It's cumming...It's cumming.." She chanted. " Now....
Now...I'm cumming......."

Her words became noises as she came. Her body was bucking wildly as
she thrust herself against her hand faster and faster.  She threw her
head back hard and grunted and moaned and squealed like an animal
as each wave of her orgasm ripped through her body.

She had been looking into Darren's eye's when her orgasm hit and his
eyes were the first thing she saw as her orgasm started to slowly subside
and she returned to a level of consciousness

She was rubbing herself hard through the last moments of pleasure
as her husband pulled her hand away and said.

" Alright we've seen enough ."

Her head slumped forward and she whimpered loudly as she felt her
orgasm fade away a lot earlier than it should have.

" Get us some beers and start cleaning this fucking mess up."

" Yes Sir." She answered breathlessly as she staggered over to pick up
her robe. Small ripples of pleasure were still running up her body from
between her legs.

Her hand was covered with her juices and she used her robe as a towel
to wipe her hands before she put it back on. Her body still ached from
being denied those last moments  of pleasure. It wouldn't take much to
make her cum again.

She was in a daze as she staggered toward the bar, but she wasn't
alone. Stephen, Darren and Ross sat on the lounge in stunned silence.

They had never seen anything like what Lynne had just done in front
of them. They'd seen strippers stick beer bottles and conduit bends up
themselves. They'd seen them fuck each other with strap on dildoes.
But they'd never seen a show like the one Lynne had put on for them.

They'd seen their wives and girlfriends have orgasms, they'd seen
whore's screaming and moaning as they faked orgasm. But they'd never
seen a woman have an orgasm as intense and all consuming as the
orgasm they had just watched Lynne give herself.

She was jolted into a higher level of consciousness when she heard her
husband's voice close behind her.

" You didn't hear what I said just before you climaxed, did you Lynne ?"

" No Sir." She stuttered, afraid to turn around, afraid to look at him.

" You fucking look at me when I'm talking to you Cunt !" He said angrily
as he grabbed her hair and pulled her towards him.

" You don't know whether you have to do the dog or not, do you Lynne."
He had a smug almost depraved smile on his face.

" No Sir I don't" She whimpered. He laughed at her and turned and
walked away.

The fear of having to do it had started to swell in the pit of her stomach.
But the anxiety, the feeling of dread from not knowing her fate was even
worse.

She tried to fight off the vision of herself lying on the floor in the laundry
with the big Rottweiler, but the vision kept returning, more graphic, more
disgusting each time.

Stephen, Darren and Ross all lived within walking distance, and two of
them left without saying much almost as soon as Lynne had climaxed.
But she hadn't noticed until she returned to the lounge shakily holding
the tray with the stubbies on it.

Her husband and Ross sat on the lounge drinking their beer, discussing
the noises she made when she came as  she started  cleaning up the
mess the men had made.

" It's more of a loud whine and a squeal......" She heard her husband say
as the two men tried to find the right words to describe the noises she
made when she came.

" I'm fucked if I know." Ross said. " But I've never heard a woman make
noises like that. She sounds more like some sort of wild animal than a
woman."

" Lynne's more of a fucking wild animal than a woman mate." They both
looked at her and laughed.

Lynne was wiping the coffee table with a wet cloth when she heard Ross
say to her husband.

" Listen mate, now that the others have gone, is that offer to fuck her
still open?"

" Sure." Her husband said. " Take her into the bedroom and fuck the
arse off the little slut."

Lynne pretended not to hear. She wanted to fuck Darren, even Stephen
would be alright. But she really didn't want to fuck Ross.

" Lynne, Ross wants to fuck you." She looked up at her husband and
forced herself to smile and then to say.

" I was hoping he would." She looked at Ross who  had that sickly
smirk on his face again. " I've wanted to fuck you for ages. I often think
about you when I masturbate. I was watching you the whole time I was
cumming......"

" Get your fat arse in the bedroom Lynne he wants to fuck you not have a
conversation with you." Her husband said cutting her off.

Ross enjoyed the way her husband spoke to Lynne, but not as much as
Lynne did. She walked over to him and gently took his hand in hers as he
staggered to his feet.

" You sure this is ok mate." Ross said hesitantly. " I mean, we've been
mates for a long time and she is your wife...."

" Yeah mate but you're thinking of Lynne as a normal wife like Debbie.
There's a big difference between a wife like yours and the slut of a thing
I got stuck with."

" Yeah I know that, but...."

" Look mate if you don't fuck her, she'll just sneak out later and find
some other bloke to fuck her."

Lynne stroked Ross's hand with her thumb as she listened to them
compare her to Ross's wife.

" She won't say anything to Debbie will she ?"

" No way. She knows what I'd do to her if she did. And besides, she
knows you wouldn't be able to come around and fuck her anymore if
she did."

Lynne felt Ross relax, the last comment had cleared his mind of any
last doubts he had as to whether he should fuck her or not.

" Do you want to fuck me now Sir ?" Lynne asked softly. Ross looked at
her with a confused expression on his face. She squealed as her
husband grabbed her roughly by the hair and pulled her face close to
his.

" Don't call him Sir." He whispered. " He doesn't understand the
significance of it, and he wants to hear you call his name."

" I know you've waited a long time for Ross to fuck you Lynne." He said
loudly this time. " But he'll fuck you when he's ready. Understand ? "

" Yes Sir." She said through the pain as her husband pulled on her hair.

" I'm sorry Ross. I'm sorry for being such an impatient little slut. I...."

She yelped as her husband pushed her away. " Don't expect too much
Ross." Her husband said as she led Ross toward the bedroom. " Despite
all her experience, she's a pretty dud fuck."

Lynne didn't expect Ross to be the sort of man who was big on foreplay,
and she was right. When she asked him how he wanted her he said.

" On your back with your legs open."

Lynne did as she was told, she took of her robe and positioned herself
on the bed the way he wanted her. Ross pulled his Shooters Party T-shirt
off, undid his belt and knelt up on the bed between her legs.

He pulled his jeans and underpants down just far enough to get his cock
out. It was already hard, he grabbed hold of it, pushed it against Lynne's
pussy until he found her opening, and shoved it inside her.

He moved around positioning himself on top of her. He put an arm
either side of her head to support himself, and started fucking her.

As she lay there with his cock sliding in and out of her Lynne thought
about all the times Ross had tried to come onto her. The mere thought
had always repulsed her.

She remembered one time at a BBQ, Ross was drunk and had been
trying to chat her up all night. As the night wore on and Ross got drunker
he cornered her on the Patio and tried to grope her. His hands were all
over her as she fought him off. All this happened as a dozen other people
including his wife Debbie watched on in embarrassment.

Stephen had had to come over and drag him off her. Lynne knew that
if they had been alone he would have raped her.

Debbie had walked over to her later and said. " I wish you would let him
fuck you Lynne. Then I wouldn't have to fuck him when we get home."

Debbie wouldn't have to worry about doing her wifely duties with Ross
tonight.
Lynne's mind had wandered off, but her attention suddenly returned to
the man she was having sex with as Ross groaned loudly and squirted
his cum inside her.

He gave one last deep thrust, then pulled his cock out of her and rolled
onto the bed beside her. He was breathing heavily, Lynne ran her fingers
through the hair on his chest and licked the beads of sweat off his
cheeks.

" Did you like that ?" He asked, sounding pleased with himself. Lynne
nearly laughed.

" You know I did." She whispered as she nibbled on his ear.

" Then get me hard again and I'll give you some more."

" Mmmm, Yes Please." Lynne said as she started licking her way down
his hairy chest and stomach till her face was level with his cock. It was
soft, and covered with his cum and her juices, she licked it a few times
and sucked it into her mouth.

She hadn't taken much notice of how big it was when he fucked her. It
had all happened so quickly, and she was surprised at just how well
endowed Ross was.

" You like my big cock, don't you ?"

" Mmmmmm, I love your big cock. I love it inside me. I love to suck on it"

He wasn't as big as Desmond or Tony, but she had to agree with him, he
did have a very big cock, and he was still soft.

" But having a big cock is one thing Ross, knowing what to do with it is
another." Lynne said to herself.

Lynne knew that with all  that he'd had to drink getting him hard again
and getting him off again so soon wasn't going to be easy. She could be
stuck in the bedroom sucking on his cock for hours,

Just the thought of it was enough to make her suck his cock harder and
faster. Lynne was relieved when she felt it start to swell in her mouth.
She pulled his jeans and underpants down a bit further and started
licking his balls. She felt the way his body reacted, he liked having his
balls licked.

She started jerking him off with her hand as she kept licking and sucking
on his balls. His cock grew stiff and hard in her hand.

" Go and grab me a beer before I do you again Lynne."

" Jesus you're a fucking pig." Lynne said to herself.

" Yeah sure Ross, don't go anywhere I'll be right back. You've made me
all wet again and you said you'd fuck me again remember."

" Having fun ?" Her husband asked as she walked past the loungeroom.

Lynne stopped and faced him." Yes Sir we are." She answered politely.

" He's hung like a horse isn't he. I'd love to see the look on your face if
he decides to fuck you up the arse."

Lynne was caught off guard for a moment. The thought that he might
want to fuck her up the arse hadn't occurred to her. His cock was too big
too thick for her to take it up the arse.

" May I go now Sir ? He wants a beer before he fucks me again." Her
husband nodded his approval and she scurried off to the kitchen.

She was thinking about how much it would hurt if Ross decided to fuck
her up the arse as she got a stubby from the fridge and twisted the top
off.
It wasn't just the size of his cock he was so rough. She knew he wouldn't
give her any time to adjust to his size, he'd just stick it up her. And who
knows how long it would take him to cum again so soon and after all
he'd had to drink.

Then she thought about the man attached to the cock. Ross was a
missionary position and blow job man. He really wasn't the kind of man
who would be into anal sex.

By the time she was walking past the loungeroom again she wasn't
concerned about Ross wanting to fuck her up there.

" Maybe I'll suggest it to him." Her husband said as he appeared in front
of her. He startled her at first, but she quickly composed herself and
stood in front of him submissively.

" Whatever pleases you Sir."

He saw the look in her eyes and an evil smile spread over his face.

" Yes, I think I will."

" May I go now please Sir, he's waiting for me." Lynne almost ran down
to the bedroom after being given permission to go. She wanted to get
Ross off again before her husband suggested he do her up the rear.

Ross was lying on the bed with his jeans and underpants around his
thighs and his big cock lying across his leg. He was soft again.

" Hey Rossco." Her husband yelled as he walked into the room. Lynne
was lying beside Ross on the bed with his big soft cock in her mouth
doing all that she could to get him hard again as quickly as she could.

" Why don't you fuck her up her arse. That's her favourite."

" Yeah well it's not mine mate." Ross said as he downed half the stubbie
Lynne had fetched for him.
" Tell him how much you like it up the arse Lynne."

Lynne knew that anal sex with this pig of a man would be an excruciating
experience. But she was going to have to do her best to talk him into
doing just that to her.

She slid his semi erect cock out of her mouth and looked into his
bloodshot eyes.

" I really love it up the arse. I'd really love your cock up my arse Ross.
It's so big." She squeezed it as she spoke. " And you'll love it. I've got a
really tight little arse hole. Please Ross. Let me get you hard again and
you can fuck me up my little arse hole with your big cock."

His cock had grown hard in her hand as she spoke, he liked the idea.

" Just get me hard again and we'll see." He said smugly as he took
another swig on the stubbie. He really did think she'd enjoyed fucking
him, he really believed she wanted his ugly cock up her arse.

" Get me another beer bitch." Ross said as he threw the empty bottle
on the bed beside her.

" Sure Ross. Don't go anywhere, I'll be right back so you can stick this big
cock of yours up my arse." She kissed his cock as she spoke and then
excused herself as she walked around her husband.

Ross was soft again by the time she returned. She handed him the beer
and crawled back onto the bed until her face was level with his cock
again.

Lynne watched her husband out of the corner of her eye as she lifted
Ross's cock up off his stomach. He was uncircumcised and the head had
shrunk behind his foreskin. She flicked her tongue through the folds of
his foreskin and licked the head and eye of his soft cock.

" I need a piss."  Ross said as he pushed Lynne out of the way  and stood
up.

"Lynne will help you Ross,  she likes holding men's cocks while they take
a piss."

Lynne's head spun towards her husband, but she couldn't stop herself
from smiling at him. She loved being  degraded and humiliated  in such
imaginative ways.

" You're fucking joking." Ross said as he  pulled up his under pants and
jeans and did up his zipper and belt,

" Why  did you put your pants back on Ross. I thought you were going to
have a piss and then do Lynne up the arse?"

Ross looked down at his jeans. " I don't fucking know." He laughed.

" Because you're drunk and you're a dickhead." Lynne said to herself.

" Can I please hold your cock for you while you take a piss Ross. Please."
Lynne pleaded.

" Yeah....alright I suppose...."

" Thanks Ross." She said like an excited little girl. She kissed him on the
cheek and took his hand in hers and led him towards the bathroom.

" The blokes at work are never going to believe this." Ross mumbled as
Lynne knelt down on the tiles.

" Just send them around." Lynne said. " They'll believe everything you tell
them by the time they leave."

She undid his zipper and put her hand in through the opening of his fly.
Her hand fumbled around  inside his underpants finally managing to get
his big soft cock under the elastic on the leg of his underpants and
through the opening of his fly. She took it in her hand and pointed it at
the bowl.

" Whenever you're ready Ross." She said excitedly.

Her eyes moved from his cock to his face and then back to his cock
when she heard the sound.

Ross felt uncomfortable as Lynne held his cock while he pissed. To her
surprise, Lynne felt her pussy getting very wet very quickly.

" Oh God. You are a disgusting little slut." Lynne said to herself as she
watched. When he was finished she put his cock back in his underpants.

" Do you want to watch me take a piss Ross ?" She asked as she knelt
in front of him looking up at him.

" No I fucking don't you queer bitch. Just get your fat arse back in the
bedroom."

" Whatever you want Ross." Lynne said as she followed him back into
the bedroom. Her husband was gone but the door was still open. She
knew he was out there in the dark somewhere watching them, listening
to them.

" Are you going to fuck me up the arse now Ross ?"

" I dunno. Just get me hard again."

Lynne could feel Ross's disgust with her. He'd wanted to fuck her for so
long, now that he had her and could do whatever he wanted with her he
wasn't enjoying her as much as he thought he would.

When he'd fantasised about fucking Lynne he'd imagined her as a
normal woman like Debbie or the other women he'd had sex with over
the years. But there was nothing normal about Lynne. Even the
prostitutes he'd paid to fuck were more normal than her.

Like all men Ross had dreamed of having a dirty little slut to play with.
Now that he had one at his disposal, he didn't really know what to do
with her.

Lynne knelt on the floor in front of him undid his belt and fly and pulled
his jeans and underpants down to his knees. His cock was hanging
straight down over his balls and she opened her mouth wide and pushed
her head up from between his legs and his cock fell into her mouth.

She flicked his foreskin with her tongue, there was a bitter almost sour
taste that wasn't her juices or his cum. She lifted his cock up and was
licking his balls when her husband walked in.

" Here's another stubbie for you Rossco."

" Thanks mate."

" Lynne's into all sorts of weird stuff Ross. Aren't you Lynne."

" If you spend some more time with me Ross, I can show you just what
a kinky little slut I am." Lynne said as she licked his balls.

" Why don't you have her for a weekend Ross. Take her to a cheap motel
somewhere. We'll tell Debbie you and I are going fishing."

" I'll pay for the motel." Lynne said. " I'd love to spend a weekend with
you and your big cock Ross."

" I gotta be honest with you mate." Ross said between gulps on the
stubbie. " Lynne's too fucking cheap and weird for me." He looked down
at Lynne as she knelt on the floor licking his balls and sucking his cock.
" Don't get me wrong mate I know she's your wife and I enjoyed fucking
her, and I want to do her again. But that'll be enough for me. Debbie's
a better fuck anyway."

" Debbie's a better everything mate." Lynne's husband said casually.
" You can't compare a classy woman like Debbie to slut like Lynne.
Anyway enjoy yourself Ross. And make sure you do her up the arse, She
goes right off."

Lynne knew one reason her husband had kept interrupting them was to
make it more difficult for her to get Ross hard again and it had worked.
She'd been sucking and licking on his cock and balls for ten minutes but
he was still soft.

Lynne smiled to herself as she reached down between her legs and
started playing with herself.

" Oh God Ross." She panted. " You make me so wet, you turn me on so
much. And your cock is so big I could cum just looking at it." She jerked
off his cock with one hand and played with herself with the other as she
looked up at him.

" Sucking your big cock makes me want to cum Ross. You make me want
cum Ross. Oh God you're so fucking hot you're going to make me cum."

Lynne felt his cock grow stiff and hard in her hand as she faked an
orgasm. She didn't put much effort into it. She doubted Ross had ever
given a woman a real orgasm. She wondered how much effort Debbie
put into faking it with Ross.

His cock was fully erect now and she couldn't wrap her fingers all the
way around it. "  Are you going to do me up the arse now Ross?"

" Yeah alright."

" Thanks Ross." Lynne said sounding excited but knowing how much it
was going to hurt. She started to move to her bedside table where she
kept her KY. " I'll just lube myself up for you."

" Fuck that." Ross said. " Just get up on the fucking bed."

Lynne hadn't considered that Ross would not allow her to use some
lubricant. But what they did and how they did it was up to him. For now
she was his little slut and she'd do whatever he said. But she realised
that it was going to hurt even more than she had feared.

She got up on the bed on all fours and stuck her arse up in the air for
him. She felt his rough hands on the soft skin of her buttocks, then she
felt his cock between the cheeks of her arse, then  the head of his
big cock was pushing against her tight little arsehole.

" Oh God Ross Yes. Stick your big cock up my arse."

Her words gave him a rush and she grunted in pain as he tried to force
his cock inside her. She felt him moving around behind her trying to find
a position that allowed him to enter her.

" This is no fucking good." he whined.

" Let me help you." Lynne said." Let me help you get it inside me."

She reached down between her legs, grabbed his cock and guided it
towards her arsehole. " There.....now push it in slowly."

Lynne felt her arsehole stretch as he pushed the head of his cock inside
her. " Oh Fuck." She screamed in pain and a surprising amount of
pleasure.

Ross was sliding the head in and out and she could feel herself opening
up for him. With each thrust a little more of his cock slid inside her.

" Oh My God." She yelled and buried her head into the mattress and
grabbed hold of the doona with her hands as her head rocked back and
forth.

" Oh Fuck it's inside me." She panted. " It's up my arse. Oh Fuck Ross
your big cock is up my arse." She wasn't faking anything this time.

After that all Lynne could do was pant and grunt and chant.

" Oh Fuck Yes...Oh Fuck Yes......."

She couldn't wait any longer, she reached  down between her legs
rubbed her clitoris and came.

Ross had never seen a woman thrash around and scream and swear
and yell out the way Lynne did as wave after wave of  pain and pleasure
seared through her body.

The things Lynne did and said and the noises she made pushed Ross
over the edge and he came. But Lynne was lost in the intensity of her
own orgasm. She didn't feel him ejaculate inside her. She didn't notice
him stop and slump over her.

Lynne didn't know what was going on around her. She didn't know what
she was doing or saying. It felt like her orgasm was never going to let
go of her body. But gradually the force of her orgasm did begin to
weaken and she could hear herself.

" Fuck Your Little Slut Up The Arse Ross... Thank you Ross...Thank  you.."

Just a few weeks ago the thought of Ross even brushing against her as
he walked passed repulsed her. Now she was writhing around on her
bed screaming out his name as he fucked her up the arse. Thanking him
over and over for doing it to her. So much had changed in just a few
weeks.

Ripples of pleasure were still running through her body when Ross pulled
his cock out of her. She yelped and fell onto the bed, still rubbing herself
between the legs, still panting " Thank You Ross." over and over.

She looked up at the man she used to refer to as " The Pig." and said.

" That was fucking incredible Ross. You're fucking  incredible Ross."

Ross had never seen a woman in a sexual frenzy the way Lynne was.
No woman had ever called out his name with such unbridled passion
and no woman had shown such fawning almost pathetic gratitude the
way Lynne did.

She still had a wild look in her eyes.  " Oh God I Love Your Big Cock."

She lunged at him and devoured his cock."Let me make you cum again."
She pleaded. " Let me make you cum in my mouth."

Ross had grown hard again watching her and listening to the things she
said. Listening to the way she thanked him over and over for what he
had done to her. But there was no way he could cum again.

" No I've had enough." He said as he pushed her away. But she crawled
straight back over to him, grabbed his cock and started licking his balls.

" I said I've had enough." Again he pushed her away, and again she
crawled straight back over to him. Ross knew he couldn't cum again,
not three times in one night, but he didn't want her to know that.

" Please." She begged him as she ran her tongue all over his cock and
balls. " I can make you cum again. I want you to cum in my mouth. I
want to taste your cum. Please."

" Yeah alright" he said reluctantly."But I'm getting bored with you Lynne"
He added, pre-empting his excuse for not being able to cum again.

" Thank  you Ross." She sounded almost pitiful as she thanked him over
and over again. She threw herself onto the floor at his feet and sucked
on his cock while she tried to pull his jeans and underpants down further
He shoved her away and she landed heavily on her back. But she still
had that wild look in her eyes, she was still rubbing herself between the
legs.

" You are a fucking slut." He said with disdain as he pulled his jeans
and underpants off and threw them at her.

" Yes I am Ross. I'm a dirty little slut. I'm your dirty little slut."

" Well, come on then slut." He said as he lay down on the bed.

Lynne had his cock back in her mouth before she was back on the bed
with him. She positioned herself between his legs and licked and sucked
on his balls and his cock like a wild thing. It felt good, it looked good, but
he knew he wouldn't be able to cum again. And it would be her fault.

After a while he'd grab her by the hair and throw her onto the floor again.
He'd tell her what a useless little slut she was. How he was bored with
her already. He'd tell her how her fat arse turned him off. He'd tell her
how much nicer his wife's arse was, how he always came at least two
or three times when he fucked his wife, and he'd been fucking her for
nearly twenty years.

Lynne took his cock out of her mouth and started jerking him off with
her hand while she cupped his balls in her other hand and lifted them up
so she could lick the sensitive  skin underneath. Then she stabbed his
arsehole with her tongue.

" Holy Shit !" Ross yelled. " What the fuck are you doing.."

Lynne flicked her tongue over his arsehole again and felt his body stiffen.

" OH Shit." He cried out.

Lynne's tongue licked and poked and pushed against his arsehole and
she felt his cock grow even harder in her hand and she jerked him off
faster and faster.

He groaned loudly when she slid her tongue up his arse, and kept
groaning as she moved it around inside him. The faster she moved her
tongue the louder he groaned  the heavier his breathing became, and
the faster she jerked him off with her hand.

The first squirt of his cum shot into the air and landed on his stomach,
the second spurted onto Lynnes face, but she had her lips wrapped
around his cock in time for the rest of his cum to fill her mouth.

She sucked every drop out of him, and kept sucking until he grabbed
her hair and pulled her away. She picked herself up and knelt between
his legs again and proudly opened her mouth to show him it was still
filled with his cum.

She closed her eyes as she felt it slide down her throat. She wiped the
cum off her face and licked it off her fingers. She spotted the little
puddle of cum on his stomach and hungrily licked it up.

" Let me clean your cock for you." She panted. Ross didn't have the
strength to push her away again. He'd had too much beer and too much
Lynne. He drifted off to sleep while Lynne cleaned his cock with her
tongue.

" You haven't killed him have you ?" Her husband said as he walked into
the room.  Lynne smiled at him as she continued cleaning Ross's cock.

" Can you feel his cum seeping out of your cunt and your arsehole?"

" Yes Sir." Lynne said closing her eyes to concentrate her mind on
those parts of her body.

" And you can you taste his cum in your mouth ?"

" Yes Sir." She said licking her lips.

" You're not to have a shower tonight. You're not to clean your teeth
or rinse your mouth tonight. I want you to taste and feel his cum in all
your holes all night. Get up."

He grabbed her robe off the floor and wiped her between the legs with it
then threw it at her and said." Put this on. You have a visitor."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 10. OBEDIENCE.

" You're not to have a shower tonight. You're not to clean your teeth
or rinse your mouth tonight. I want you to taste and feel his cum in all
your holes all night. Get up."

He grabbed her robe off the floor and wiped her between the legs with it
then threw it at her and said." Put this on. You have a visitor."

She knew straight away that either Stephen or Darren had come back
to fuck her. Stephen was a nice bloke. But Darren was the one she
wanted.

" I need to take a piss Lynne." She knew what he meant and followed
him into the bathroom and held it as she had done for Ross. But he
moved and some of it squirted on the tiled floor before she could adjust
the direction she was pointing his cock in.

When he was finished he looked down at the small puddle on the floor
and said. " Wipe that up."  Lynne took off her robe and got down on the
floor and wiped up the mess with her robe.

" I've wiped it up Sir." She said almost defiantly as she put her robe
back on. She knew he'd moved on purpose but she hadn't hesitated
she'd just done it and she was smugly pleased with herself until he said.

" I meant with a towel you stupid bitch."

In a perverse sort of way she felt her pride was at stake if she didn't obey
quickly and without flinching. She'd done it without thinking, not out
of obedience but out of stubbornness, out of an attitude of  " I'll show
you." She'd let her emotions interfere with the simple role she had
of doing as she was told.

" I'm sorry Sir I just thought...."

" It's not for you to think Cunt. We will do your thinking for you. All you
have to do is to do as you are told. Simple obedience bitch,  dogs
understand it so what's your fucking problem ?"

" I don't know Sir I'm sorry....I can learn...I can learn to be obedient....."

" Oh you will Lynne, believe me, you will."

His voice was low and threatening but the smile on his face frightened
her more.

" Now come with me, you have a visitor waiting to see you."

She caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror. Her hair was knotted and
twisted, her makeup smudged and she had little white cum stains on
her face. Her robe was stained with her juices, Ross's cum and her
husbands urine.

In that instant she understood what Desmond had meant. She couldn't
think of a word to describe what she saw in the mirror.

Ross had regained consciousness and was getting dressed when they
walked back into the bedroom. " How was she Ross ?"

" I haven't got any skin left on me dick." The two men laughed. " I know
she's your wife mate but fair dinkum she's like a mongrel dog on heat,
she's feral. She's probably out in the backyard fucking your dog when
you're at work."

Lynne saw the look on her husbands face. She'd forgotten about what
she might have to do with the dog and it seemed like her husband had
forgotten too. Now Ross had reminded them both.

" Have you been fucking the dog Lynne ? Have you been giving the dog
head jobs ?"

" No Sir. But I would if you told me to." Her voice shook.

" I know you would Lynne." He could almost see the blood drain from her
face. She looked so  scared, so confused  and vulnerable. Lynne  knew
her husband was enjoying her anguish. The mental torture he was
inflicting on her. She could see the pleasure her discomfort gave him
all over his face.

The worst part for Lynne was not knowing. She wished he would just tell
her if she had to do it or not. And if she did she just wanted to get it over
with. But he wasn't going to tell her, her agony gave him too much
pleasure.

" Go and get Ross's joggers off the porch."

" Yes Sir." Lynne said relieved to have an excuse to get away from the
tormenting silence that had descended upon the room.

The fresh air outside felt good and Lynne took a few seconds to enjoy
it before returning to the bedroom with Ross's dirty  joggers. Ross was
sitting on the bed and her husband instructed her to put his shoes on
him.

Lynne tried to ignore what they were saying about her as she knelt  on
the floor at Ross's feet putting his shoes on him and doing up the laces.

" Why don't you kick her out on her arse mate, you can do a lot better."
Ross said.

" Eventually I will." Her husband replied casually. " But I'm not ready to
kick her out just yet."

They were still talking about her as her husband walked Ross to the front
door.

" You're a lucky man Ross. What I really want is a woman like Debbie. "

Lynne never heard Ross's reply as her husband shut the door. But she
did hear her husband say. " Actually Ross old mate, what I really want
is Debbie. And Lynne's going to help me get her."

" Aren't you Lynne ?" He said walking into the bedroom. "You're going to
help me bed the lovely Debbie, aren't you ?"

" If that's what you want Sir." Lynne was surprised at the ripple of
jealously that swept through her.

" Oh that's what I want Lynne. Debbie is what I want. And you're going
to help me get her. Just like...."

He didn't finish what he'd started to say. " Time to entertain your guest
Lynne."

She followed him down the hall to the games room at the back of the
house. Darren was sitting on the couch watching the end of the Tigers
V Dragons game as he sucked on a can of Tooheys Draught. He was
obviously even drunker than when he'd left earlier. He looked up and
saw Lynne walking towards him.

" Jesus Fucking Christ."

" Hi Darren, I'm glad you came back. I..."

Darren leapt up from the couch as Lynne stood in front of him, there
bodies collided, Lynne stumbled but managed to keep her balance. The
can of beer was jolted from Darren's hand and fell back onto the couch.

" Clean that up you stupid bitch." Her husband roared, as beer spilt
from the can and ran out across the slate tiles.

" What with Sir ?" Lynne asked, not wanting to make the same mistake
as before.

" With your filthy fucking robe cunt." He snapped back  as he pulled the
belt on her robe undone. Lynne quickly removed the robe and started
crawling around the floor mopping up the frothy mess.

" What the fuck...." Darren had looked at Lynne, and he didn't like what
he saw. He stood up again and stepped over her like she was a piece of
garbage on the footpath.

" Jesus Christ Almighty...."

" You can take her into the bedroom and fuck her as soon as she's
cleaned up the mess she made." Lynne's husband said delighted at
Darren's disgust.

" No fucking way mate. I'm drunk, but you could never get me drunk
enough to fuck that."

" I know she doesn't look too good at the moment Darren, but I'll clean
her up a bit for you."

" Don't bother mate. She's a fucking bush pig."

" Just turn the lights off mate and you won't have to look at what you're
fucking."  He was talking to Darren but looking at Lynne.

"I'm going home to fuck my wife." Was all Darren said as he staggered
out onto the patio and down the stairs.

" So. The one you wanted can't stand the sight of you. You disgust him.
How disappointing for you." Her husband said mocking her. " He almost
ran out the back door when he saw you, didn't he Lynne ?"

" Yes Sir." Lynne mumbled.

" From now on you will call me Master."

" Yes Master." She said meekly as she stood up and put her robe back
on.

" I've got something else for you to do anyway. Come with me." He said
moving towards the kitchen. The Telegraph was open on the bench, she
was trying to see what her husband had been reading when she heard
the low growling bark of the Rottweiler coming from the laundry.

Her body froze, and a cold chill ran down her spine.

" What's your fucking problem." Her husband asked sarcastically.

" Nothing Master." She said trying to steel herself for what she had to do.

The Kitchen was a galley style and the laundry was at one end of it. She
walked slowly towards the door, her hands and knees shaking, her
head spinning. She stood in front of the sliding door, and forced herself
to reach out and slide the door open.

The big dog growled when he saw her. Lynne had never liked the big
Rottweiler. He was too big, too aggressive and unpredictable. And the
dog didn't like Lynne either. But she knew that the huge animal would
change his opinion of her after she had done it to him.

She lowered herself to the floor and crawled towards the dog. Her
husband sat at the kitchen bench reading the newspaper while she did
it. He looked up through the open door to the laundry as he heard the
loud yelping noises his dog was making.

Lynne staggered into the kitchen, her face drawn and pale.

" I've done it master." She said in a pathetic whisper.

" Done what Lynne ?"

" I've sucked the dog off like you told me too." Her voice shook.

" I didn't tell you to suck the dog off Lynne."

" But you said......You told me...." Lynne's mind was racing. She looked
around the room frantically then back at her husband's face trying to
make sense out of what he was saying.

" I told you I had something for you to do. I didn't say anything about
sucking the dog off. By the way, it's a pity you didn't hear what I said to
you just before you made yourself cum for the boys. I told you that you
could lie on the floor if you wanted to. You would have enjoyed your
orgasm more not having to stand up like you did."

Tears started to roll down her cheeks as she realised what she'd done,
what her husband had done to her. Anger started to seethe inside her.
She wanted to tell him what a fucking bastard he was. She wanted to tell
him how much she hated him.

Lynne ran from the kitchen through the house, sobbing loudly until she
came to a stop at the sink in their bathroom. She held onto the sides
of the sink as she cried quietly.

Then she looked up and saw herself in the mirror. She saw what was
on her face. She wanted to wiped it off.She wanted to scrub the skin off
her face, but she didn't. She just stood there staring at herself.

She had looked more pathetic each time she had looked at herself in a
mirror over the past three weeks. She had watched herself descend into
what she had become, she had written about it in the diary.

She suddenly felt strangely calm. The tears stopped. She liked what she
saw in the mirror. She couldn't describe how she looked and she didn't
understand why she felt the way she did. But she knew that this was
how she wanted to look, how she wanted to feel.

She suddenly felt ashamed of herself. Not for what she had done in the
laundry, but for the way she had acted towards her husband. It wasn't
his fault. They'd told her many times that all she had to do was to do as
she was told. But she hadn't done that. Her husband hadn't told her to
do it. If she'd waited and done as she was told like she was suppose to it
wouldn't have happened. It wasn't her husbands fault that she was a
stupid slut.

She realised that he had just taught her the most important lesson she
could learn if she was to become the Blonde Woman's slave. Obedience.
It sounded so simple, just do what you're told when you're told. But she
hadn't done that, and she had paid the price. She thought she now knew
the true meaning of obedience.

She wiped her face, and was about to brush her hair and straighten up
the robe that was now stained in a few more places when she realised
she was doing it again. She hadn't been told to do any of this. If he
wanted her to wipe her face or brush her hair he would tell her to.

" You stupid fucking slut." She said to herself in disgust.

Her husband was still sitting at the bench in the kitchen when she
walked back in. He didn't look up at her as she moved towards him.

She dropped to her knees and wrapped her arms around his leg and
rested her head on his knee.

" I'm sorry Master. I'm so sorry."

" It's alright Lynne." He said in a gentle, loving voice. " It's alright."

He allowed her to cry for a while and then reached down and stroked
her head and ran his fingers through her hair.

" You've come a long way in a short time. Just make sure you never do
anything like that again."

" I won't Master. You know I won't. I love you."

"  I love you too." He said softly.

He felt her hug  his leg tighter when he told her that he loved her. And
he kept stroking her hair as he let her cry herself out.

Shortly after the tears stopped he heard her laughing quietly to herself.
She looked up at him. " What was it you wanted me to do master ?"

" I'm horny. I need a good old fashioned fuck."

She closed her eyes and savoured his words. It seemed an eternity since
she had fucked her husband. She quickly rose to her feet and stood
beside him.

" How can I please you Master ?"

He looked at her face and into her eyes. To him, she had never looked as
beautiful as she did at that moment. They stared at each other for a
long time, their eyes telling each other how much they loved each other.

He passed her the newspaper he had been reading. It was open at the
Adult Services section. " Pick a whore for me to fuck. I'm going to have a
shower. When she gets here, pay her and tell her to wait for me on the
bed, but  don't let her get undressed. I want to undress her myself."

A huge smile spread over Lynne's face. She loved this new life her
husband and the Blonde Woman had given her.

" And tidy up the bedroom before she gets here. You and Ross made a
hell of a mess in there."

She watched her husband disappear down the hall then started reading
the adds.

' Jane. Mature, Busty Lady available for Outcalls. All suburbs.'

" No. Mature means old." Lynne said to herself. She wanted the best
prostitute she could get for her husband.

' Asian Angel. Attractive Thai Lady. Slim Sexy, High Class Service..."

" Hmmm Maybe." Lynne said as she grabbed a pen from phone
organiser and circled the Asian Angel add. She spent the next few
minutes reading the adds, circling the ones that she liked. Then she
found the one she wanted.

' Melanie. 20 yo. Busty, Long Blonde Hair. Very Sensual. I love to
touch and to be touched. I'm Available for you now. Outcalls only. Phone
me now on.....'

" Hi, this Melanie."

" Hi Melanie, my name's Lynne, how are you."

" I feel really good Lynne."

" I need a really special lady for my husband Melanie."

" Ooh, that sounds like fun Lynne. Is it for both of you or just your
husband?"

" I don't know Melanie. He may want me to watch, or he may want me
to join in, or he may want me to wait outside. He'll decide while he's with
the lady I get for him."

" Well let me tell you about myself Lynne. I'm twenty years old, 5'4"  and
I've got long blonde hair. I'm slim, a size 8, about 51 kilos. I've got soft
milky skin and fairly large breasts, but I don't wear a bra, I don't need
any support. My nipples are a soft pink, they're not very big, but they're
very sensitive.

I'm a natural blonde and my pussy hair is trimmed into a neat little
triangle, and I love to have my clitoris touched and licked."

" I want a woman who will touch and kiss my husband all over. Will my
husband have to wear a condom Melanie."

" Yes, he'll have to wear a condom Lynne, but I love kissing and licking
and touching. Your husband won't be disappointed when he sees me
Lynne. He won't be disappointed when he touches me and when he
feels himself inside me."

" If you  look half as good as your voice  sounds Melanie, he won't be
disappointed about anything."

" Thank  you Lynne. It's $120 for half an hour and $180 for the hour.
And he can cum as many times as he wants. So can you if he lets you
join in. I hope he does Lynne."

" So do I Melanie. And I'll give you a lot more than the $180 if you please
him."

" I'm sorry to waste any time Lynne, but I'll need your number so I can
call you back. I'm sorry, but I have to check..."

" That's Ok Melanie I understand."

Lynne gave Melanie the address and phone number and hung up, the
phone rang a few seconds later.

" Hi Melanie."

" Hi Lynne, I'll be there in ten minutes or even quicker if I can. I'm
coming now, bye."

" I'll wait for you out the front Melanie. Bye."

Lynne ran into the bedroom, made the bed, and tidied up the mess that
she and Ross had made. Her husband called out to her from the
bathroom.

She knocked on the door, and waited for his instructions.

" Get your arse in here Lynne."

She opened the door and walked in. She could see her husband in the
shower through the clear glass screen. She'd forgotten what a great body
he had.

How many times had she seen him in the shower and not taken the time
to enjoy what she saw she wondered to herself. When did she start
taking his body for granted and  why. Why had she stopped appreciating
how lucky she was to have him?

" There's a woman on her way Master." As soon as she said it she knew
she'd done the wrong thing again. He hadn't given her permission to
talk. He hadn't asked her if she'd ordered a whore for him. She should
have stood there and kept her stupid mouth shut until he told her
otherwise.

The concept of obedience is as complicated in practice as  it is  simple in
theory. Lynne knew she still had a lot to learn. But her husband ignored
her indiscretion this time.

" You'll frighten her away if she sees you like that. Put on a nice
negligee, and try to fix yourself up a bit."

" Yes Master." Lynne did as instructed. She made it out onto the front
porch just as the white Magna pulled into the drive. The light came on
inside as Melanie opened the passengers door. Lynne could make out
the figure of a large framed man in the drivers seat.

She heard the sound of high heels on the concrete driveway as Melanie
walked towards her. Melanie had not exaggerated how attractive she
was. Lynne couldn't believe that a young woman as stunningly beautiful
as Melanie would be working as a whore.

She looked like a Hollywood model on her way to an awards night. Her
long blonde hair and her soft milky white skin looked incredible
contrasted against her expensive black dress, black stockings and heels.
The dress plunged at the neckline, displaying her large firm breasts.

Melanie stepped up onto the porch. " Hi Lynne."

" Your absolutely gorgeous Melanie." Lynne said without thinking.

" So are you Lynne." Melanie replied, her deep blue eyes looking at
Lynne invitingly.

Melanie was exaggerating, but  Lynne did look good in her long sheer
black lace night-gown. She had nothing on underneath, and Melanie
could see the outline of Lynne's body. She had done her hair and put on
some  make up. Lynne had seen herself in the mirror, she knew she
looked good, but she also knew she looked nowhere near as good as
Melanie.

And Melanie had a style and elegance that Lynne did not. Class was one
of the words that Lynne used in her mind to describe Melanie. She may
be a whore, but Melanie had class. A word Lynne knew could not be used
to describe her. Not any more.

Lynne opened the door for Melanie and led her into the bedroom.

" My husbands in the shower. You're to wait on the bed until he's
ready for you." Lynne put six folded fifty dollar bills in Melanie's hand.

" There's three hundred dollars there, and there's another  hundred
for you if my husband enjoys himself. "

" Thanks Lynne." Melanie said as she put the money into her handbag
and sat on the bed.  Lynne hadn't noticed her legs until she crossed
them slowly as she sat on the bed. They were long and slim and Lynne
had an almost overpowering urge to kneel at Melanie's feet and lick
her way up the sheer black stockings that hugged Melanie's legs.

" Do you know if you'll be joining in with us Lynne ? "

" No she won't be." Lynne's husband said as he walked into the room
wearing nothing but a white fluffy towel around his waist and some
Cool Water cologne. " She'll just sit on the floor in the corner and watch.
Hopefully she'll learn something."

Lynne noticed Melanie's response when she looked at him. Melanie
obviously liked what she saw. She stood up and moved seductively
toward him.

" Hi, I'm Melanie."       " Hello Melanie. "

Melanie put her hands around his waist and stood close to him, just
close enough so as their crotches gently brushed against each others.
She lent forward and kissed him hard and passionately on the mouth,
running her hands up over his chest as she did.

Lynne couldn't help but wish that it was her. She wished that it was her
kissing her husband, and her kissing Melanie. She watched her husband
as he took Melanie into is arms and kissed and nibbled her neck.

Lynne was standing at the foot of the bed, she didn't know whether she
should go and sit in the corner or wait for her husband to tell her what
to do. She decided to wait to be told what to do.

He looked at Lynne and pointed to the corner, she scurried off  squatted
on the floor and watched as her husband  undressed Melanie and  gently
laid her on the bed.

For the next hour Lynne watched as her husband and Melanie sucked
and fucked each other with a passion that seemed out of place between
a prostitute and her client. They were so gentle, so tender with each
other it was as if they were making love not just fucking.

Her husband came three times, twice while he was  inside her, and once
in her mouth. Each time Lynne had to remove the condom from her
husbands cock and dispose of it in the bathroom. She loved the way
she could taste Melanie's juices on the used condoms.

Melanie faked orgasm the two times he came inside her, Lynne knew
she had to be faking, but god she was good at it. She moaned and
panted and thrashed around underneath him, her face flushed, her
eyes wild with excitement.

When the hour was up Lynne listened from the bedroom as  Melanie and
her husband took a shower together, and then watched as they  helped
each other get dressed.

Lynne passed Melanie the extra hundred dollars as she  walked her to
the door. " Thank You Melanie, he  really enjoyed himself with you."

" Thank You Lynne. You're husbands a wonderful man, make sure he
calls me again like he said he would. Maybe next time he'll let you join
in."

" I'm sure he will."  Lynne said, knowing full well that he would call
Melanie again, but that he would never let her join in.

" Where did you get the money to pay her from Lynne ?" Her husband
was standing behind her as she watched the white Magna disappear
down the street. She turned to face him, she wasn't sure if he knew
what she had done this last week.

" I paid her with some of the money I made as a street prostitute in the
Cross Master."

" How much did you pay her to fuck me ?"

" Four hundred dollars."

" And how much did you charge men to fuck you."

" Usually fifty dollars, and my pimp took twenty five percent."

Her husband smiled at her and walked back into the bedroom. But he
had made his point. She had fucked ten men to make the money it had
cost her to pay Melanie to fuck him.

So much had changed since that night in the garage. Everything
was different now. Dark was light, wrong was right bad was good, usually
much better than just good. But of all the things that had changed
the one Lynne loved the most and understood the least was her now
seemingly  insatiable appetite for sex in it's various forms.

Back when she was the old Lynne, before that night in the garage,
before the blonde woman took control of  her life, Lynne had sex two
or three times a week with her husband. She climaxed on most
occasions but not always and wasn't overly bothered if she didn't. And
unlike most couples their sex life had become more interesting and
imaginative the longer they were married.

She'd  masturbated a lot as a teenager and as a single woman in her
early twenties, and had continued to do so after marrying her husband
four years ago. She spent a lot more time with her vibrator than she had
admitted to her husband that time he caught her.

But her hunger for pleasure both physical and psychological had become
like an addiction. The more pleasure she received the more she craved.
It was as if her sole reason for existing now was for the pleasure and
the pain they inflicted on her body and on her mind.

Watching her husband fuck Melanie had left the bald soft flesh between
her legs dripping wet. She'd cum twice in the past few hours yet her body
ached for relief again.

" That negligee is too good for a cheap slut like you, isn't it ?" Her
husband said as he grabbed the front of the negligee and started ripping
it off her body.

Lynne moaned softly as she heard the sound of the material tearing
and the moister from between her legs started to roll down her thighs.

Like most women, Lynne had her own rape fantasy that occasionally
crept into her mind. And more than just a few times in the past it had
been her rape fantasy she thought about when she masturbated.

She closed her eyes and saw the tall faceless man standing over her,
ripping her clothes off her.

" Get on the fucking bed bitch." Her husband demanded but she never
heard him. The tall man was throwing her on the floor. Then he was
ripping her panties off her. The tall man shoved his cock inside her.
Lynne cried out as the back of her husbands hand struck her hard
across her face.

She fell to the floor landing on top of the shreds of material that were
once the beautiful negligee her husband had bought her for their
anniversary.

" Listen when you're being spoken to cunt." Her husbands voice was
low and angry.

" I....I'm sorry Master." She grabbed at the stinging pain in her cheek
and felt the trickle of blood that had run down her chin from the corner
of her mouth, just as it did when the tall man hit her.

" Get up on the fucking bed."

Lynne tried to pull herself up onto the bed but her head was still spinning
from the force of the blow to her face. Her husband helped her by
grabbing his wife by the hair and dragging her up off the floor and onto
the bed.

For a few seconds Lynne neither saw nor heard anything. Having her
clothes torn from her body, being struck violently across the face and
tasting her own blood from the blow had been even more thrilling as
when the tall man did it in her fantasy, and it left her in a daze.

" What were you thinking about Lynne ?" Her husbands voice was calm
almost gentle this time. He grabbed her arms, pulled them behind her
back and bound them with a pair of cold heavy steel handcuffs.

She was lying on her stomach, her arms shackled behind her back.

" I....I was thinking about being raped Master,"

" Tell me what happened when he raped you Lynne."

Lynne closed her eyes and moaned softly as  she strained against the
cold steel of the handcuffs.

" It happened when you were over in the Perth office for a few weeks
last year. You rang me from Perth airport and said you wouldn't be able
to make it to the bedroom when you got home, and that you'd have to
fuck me on the floor in the entry.

You're flight was due in Sydney at 9.20  which meant you'd be home
around 10.30.

I took a long hot bubble bath and put on that beautiful black negligee
you bought me for our anniversary. Then I sat in the loungeroom with
the lights dimmed and some soft music playing waiting for you.

I'd been sitting there waiting for you since about 6.30 drinking wine and
thinking about what we were going to do when you got home. About
8.00 o'clock the door bell rang. I thought it was you. I thought you were
teasing me, playing games with me. I ran to the door and saw the
silhouette of a man standing on the porch. A tall man.

I couldn't see his face because the porch light was out, which I thought
was odd because I'd put it on for you earlier and it worked fine. But he
started talking and I didn't  think anymore of it.

He said he and his wife had bought the house next door, you know the
one that had been For Sale and empty for months, and he'd just popped
over to introduce himself.

He was just making friendly Smalltalk about his wife and kids. I don't
know if it was the wine or whether I was distracted thinking about what
you were going to do when you got home, but it never occurred to me
that I was standing there in that skimpy sexy little a negligee. And I
know it was a dumb thing to do but I unlocked the screen door and
opened it. He was just trying to be friendly and it seemed rude to talk to
him from behind a locked security door.

But he just kept on chatting away the way a new neighbour does. He
asked about you and whether we had any kids. I told him you were
away and no we didn't have kids.

He said something about how nice all the trees and shrubs were and
looked out over the front yard and said how much privacy they gave us.

I still couldn't see his face and I couldn't remember if he'd said what
his name was. Then I remember he said ' Well, you've got company.'
And I know it was a stupid thing to say but I said ' No I'm alone at the
moment.'

Everything felt wrong as soon as I said it. The porch light not working,
the porch hidden from view by the shrubs and trees. Telling him that
I was alone. And I suddenly became aware of what I was wearing
And I knew. I knew the faceless man wasn't our new neighbour.

Then it was like everything was in slow motion. His head turned back
towards me and although I still couldn't see his face I knew he was
smiling.

Suddenly his hand was around my throat choking me as he threw me
up against the wall. The entry light went off and I heard the door slam
shut.

I couldn't breath his hand was squeezing me tighter around my throat
and I pulled at his hand with mine trying to get away from him. Then he
let go of me, I was coughing and gasping for air and trying to scream.

He hit me with a closed fist across my face and my head thudded
against the wall as I fell to the floor.

He grabbed me around the throat again, dragged me to my  feet and
pinned me up against the wall. He told me if I screamed he'd hit me
a lot harder than he did the first time. I wanted to scream but I didn't,
he hit me again anyway and told me ' That was for wanting to scream.'

I started crying the first time he hit me but I was sobbing after he hit me
the second time. He pulled me towards him by the throat, our faces only
inches apart in the darkness and said ' Shut    the    fuck    up'

Despite his words his voice was the same calm friendly voice he had
when he was pretending to be our new neighbour. He said he wasn't
particular about the women he raped, but he liked to rape them in the
comfort of their own homes.

He let go of me and there was a terrifyingly long silence. Then the light
came back on. I looked up at him and he had a balaclava on. I just stood
there frozen in fear. I could see the lust in his eyes  and the smile on his
lips through the little slits in the balaclava.

He started tearing my negligee open at the front. But he did it so slowly
almost sensuously and the sound the material made as he ripped
it open seemed so loud. It was torn open to about my crotch level, and
he ripped the rest of it in one fast almost violent motion and he peeled
it back. I could see his eyes wandering over my body through the little
slits in the balaclava.

I almost screamed when he grabbed my breasts  but I held it in. Then his
hands were squeezing and pinching and pulling hard on my nipples and I
couldn't help it, I screamed from the pain.

He threw me onto the floor and started yelling all sorts of threats at me.
His voice was different this time, loud and angry as he told me what he'd
do to me if I screamed or cried again.

He leant down and started pulling at my panties. I heard the tearing
sound as he ripped them off me and I saw the smile on his lips as he
stuffed them in my mouth.

He pulled my legs open so far and so hard that I grunted from the pain.
Then he undid the zipper on his black jeans, took his stiff hard cock out
through his open fly, and threw his body on top of mine knocking the air
out me.

I could feel his cock rubbing me between the legs as he pinned my arms
to the floor with his hands. His breathing grew heavier as his cock
started stabbing me between the legs trying to find the opening that
would allow him to enter me.

I closed my eyes but he told me to open them, I obeyed him. I looked up
at him just as his cock slid up inside me with one violent thrust. He
buried his cock as deep inside me as he could force it and stopped. He
just laid on top of me, enjoying the feeling of being inside me.

Suddenly he laughed and started fucking me. He fucked me on the floor
of the entry just like you said you were going to. And it seemed to last
so long, he seemed to last so long. His body just kept pounding against
me.

He told me to listen to the sounds of our bodies slapping together and I
obeyed him. He told me to listen to the sound his cock made as it slid in
and out of me and I obeyed him. He told me to tell him how good it felt
and I obeyed him.

Every so often strands of my pubic hair would get caught in the mettle
teeth on his zipper. I grunted loudly each time one of the little hairs was
pulled from my body.

I kept looking over at the door to see if you were there. At first I wished
I would see you there. See you running to save me,to  rescue me from
the man who was raping me. But after a while I was wishing and hoping
that I wouldn't see you there.

I didn't want you to see what the tall man was doing to me. I didn't want
you to see him raping me. I didn't want you to hear the noises we made
as he raped me. But most of all I didn't want you to see me cum."

Lynne's husband had listened in silence as she recounted how she had
been raped. The way she told it, the expressions on her face, the tone
of her voice, the movements of her body, it was as if it had really
happened.

She had started grinding her crotch into the bed as she told her story,
by the time she had finished the story she was thrusting herself  against
the bed as if she were fucking it.

" Do you want me to undo the handcuffs so you can play with yourself
Lynne ? "

" Yes....Yes please Master I do..."

Lynne grunted loudly as her husbands hand smacked her hard on the
cheeks of her arse. She stopped humping the bed and just laid there
on her stomach with her hands shackled behind her back waiting to
feel the pain again.

Her husband grabbed her hair and lifted her up till their eyes met, their
faces almost touching.

" What you want doesn't matter Cunt ! "

" No Master. What I want doesn't matter. I'm only hear to do as I'm
told....." She spoke quickly and breathlessly through the pain as he
pulled on her hair.

" Then why were you humping the bed Cunt ? You weren't told to do
that."

" No Master I wasn't I'm sorry I...."

He threw her back on the bed and smacked her hard across the arse
again.  " Look over here Lynne." He reached into the draw of her bed
side table and took out her vibrator.

Lynne's eyes lit up for an instant, but it soon gave way to a glazed
confused almost sad look. She was learning. She bit her lip to stop
herself saying anything.

" Do you want me to put this under you Lynne? Under your wet pussy?"

Lynne closed her eyes and moaned softly at the thought of it.

" Oh Fuck Yes." She said to herself. " What I want doesn't matter
Master." She said to her husband.

He slid the vibrator between her wet crotch and the bed. Lynne had to
force herself with every ounce of willpower she had not to start humping
herself against the hard plastic cock.

" Look at the clock Lynne." She turned and looked at the red numbers
on the digital clock on the bedside table. 12.03 AM.

" When the clock ticks over to 12.04 I will turn the vibrator on for you
Lynne. You will hump yourself against it and cum before it clicks over to
12.05. Do you understand ?"

" Yes Master I understand thank you Master thank you for..."

The sting of his hand on her arse again shut her up. As she knew it was
meant to. The handcuffs cut into her wrists again as she squirmed on
the bed positioning her clitoris on the vibrator all the while staring at the
bright red numbers on the clock.

Her breathing was getting heavier and her crotch was getting wetter just
from the anticipation of the clock ticking over to 12.04. But there is no
second hand on a digital clock, no flashing lights to indicate each second
as it passed by. All she could do was stare at the 3 and wait for it to
become a 4.

" This will be your last orgasm for a week Lynne,"

She heard him and knew what he said was right, but she couldn't
remember why. But her mind and body were too consumed in watching
and waiting for the 3 to become a 4 for her to think clearly.

The vibrator purred to life between her legs as the 3 became a 4. She
humped herself hard and fast against it, the bed rocking from the force
of her thrusting body.

She buried her face in the pillow and started grunting loudly as her
orgasm grew closer. Her breathing got faster and shallower as she felt
the first waves of pleasure about to rip through her body and she started
chanting: " No  Oh Fuck No Oh......"

The clock had ticked over to 12.05 and her husband had pulled the
vibrator out from underneath her.

" You were told to cum before the clock ticked over to 12.05." Her
husband said with a smug smile on his face.

" I'm sorry."  Lynne sobbed pathetically. " Please Master....Please don't
leave me like this please...."

" We're sick of hearing you say you're sorry Lynne." He put the vibrator
on the bedside table beside the clock. It still purred at her, teasing
her. "  You could have had an orgasm Lynne if you had done as you were
told. You would be thrashing around on the bed cumming right now if
you had been obedient. "

Lynne started crying  softly as her husband left the bedroom and closed
the door.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 11. THE PUNISHMENT.

" I'm sorry."  Lynne sobbed pathetically. " Please Master....Please don't
leave me like this please...."

" We're sick of hearing you say you're sorry Lynne." He put the vibrator
on the bedside table beside the clock. It still purred at her, teasing
her. "  You could have had an orgasm Lynne if you had done as you were
told. You would be thrashing around on the bed cumming right now if
you had been obedient. "

Lynne started crying  softly as her husband left the bedroom and closed
the door. She looked over at the vibrator which still purred away, just
beyond her reach on the bedside table as if mocking her. The frustration
both physical and emotional had drained her and she drifted off into a
restless sleep.

She woke suddenly the next morning as her husband dragged her to the
side of the bed and undid the handcuffs. He told her to have a shower
a long bath and another shower. He wanted every hint of Ross's scent
and what he had deposited in her body washed away.

She staggered toward the bathroom in a daze still half asleep and still
fully aroused. " Don't get yourself off in there Slut." Her husband said
menacingly.

" No Sir...Master...I won't..."

The hot water felt good as it ran over her body at first. But fingers of
water started to run between her legs teasing her. She reached up and
directed the soft jets of water directly at her crotch and moaned softly
as it sprayed between her legs.

She looked nervously toward the door her husband could walk in at
any time but the water felt so good down there. She decided to disobey
him. She didn't really have any choice, her body made the decision for
her.

She turned the taps on full and held onto the shower head as the water
squirted her hard between her legs. It felt like her clitoris had stayed
swollen all night and she started to gently sway her body against the
stream of water.

Suddenly she opened her eyes. " Oh Shit." The water had lost some
pressure and was cold. It was late August and the mornings were still
cold and the water coming out of the shower was freezing.

" Oh Shit " She cried out again as she tried to move her body out of
range of the icy stream of water. " Get back under the water Cunt."

Her husband was standing in the doorway a look of absolute disgust on
his face. " Your Mistress will not want to see you again when I tell about
this. You're fucking hopeless."

Panic swept through her body, she could feel her heart beating in her
chest.

" Please don't tell her. I'm sorry. It  won't happen again I promise."

She stood back under the cold water pleading with her husband. The
water was so cold it hurt as it hit her skin. But she didn't flinch. She
fell to her knees and looked up at her husband in complete submission.

" Please, I'm begging you. Please don't tell her. I'll do anything, please
Master Please."

He looked at her on her knees as the cold water ran over her body. He
took a deep almost pleasurable breath and let it out slowly. This was
better than any orgasm he could ever have. A woman on her knees
in complete submission begging him pathetically for his forgiveness
as the pain of the icy water ran through her body. And she wasn't just
any women, this was his wife.

He just stood there looking down at her, savouring the sight and the
sounds. After what seemed an eternity to Lynne he took another long
breath and said. " I'm too soft with you Lynne. But believe me this is
your last chance."

" Thank you master Thank you." Lynne sobbed loudly as she thanked
him over and over until he'd had enough and told her to shut up.

She washed her hair and finished her shower in the cold water and then
soaked in a hot bath for over an hour. The water in the bath felt like it
was rubbing her between the legs but she ignored her bodies needs.

She showered again and rinsed her mouth and cleaned her teeth until
her mouth and throat were cleansed from what she had done the night
before.

The panties that were left for her on the bed grabbed at her between her
legs and she watched as a damp patch spread quickly over the crotch.
She didn't know how she could deny her body the relief it craved, all
she knew was that she had to.

He'd told her to finish writing what had happened to her over the last
week in the diary. He'd left it on the bedside table with her vibrator on
top of it.

Lynne picked up the vibrator and held it in her hand for just a moment
before finally forcing herself to put it back on the table. She grabbed
the diary and opened it up to where she had been when she was
interrupted.

" Put her in here." Kelly said as she opened the door to what could only
be described as a dungeon. The two men threw me onto a thick bed of
straw in the corner behind the door. Kelly never said anything as the
three of them left and she closed the door behind them.

I lay there for a while catching my breath and collecting my thoughts. I
should have known better than to try to sneak off like that to pursue
my own pleasure without permission. And I realised that all this was just
the start of my punishment for being a selfish little slut.

I knew I just had to lie there and wait to be punished. Although I

As Lynne read the last few lines she'd written before she'd been
interrupted she realised how little she had learnt.  Last Monday she'd
snuck off without permission to pursue her own pleasure. And despite
being punished for it, she'd done the same thing in the shower six days
later. Lynne suddenly understood why they were losing patience with her.

She lied on the bed and hoped she could escape from the torment of
denying her body what it needed by losing herself in the memories of
what she had experienced last week.

She read the last line again and started writing.

I knew I just had to lie there and wait to be punished. Although I had no
idea just what my punishment would be. The room was dimly lit but
there was no doubt that this room was set up as some sort of dungeon.

There were chains on the concrete walls, posts and crosses that were
obviously used to tie people to, and all sorts of racks and cages and
things I couldn't see clearly enough to describe. But I could guess what
they were used for. One wall had all sorts of whips and chains and things
hanging from it.

I don't know how long I'd been lying there, I'd drifted off to sleep and
awoke as Kelly was untying my arms. She didn't speak and looked at
me in a way that told me that I wasn't to speak either.

She took my hand in hers and I squeezed it tight, trying to tell her how I
felt about her. It felt so good when she squeezed my hand too and
looked at me with that beautiful smile on her face.

She led me down a hallway and into a large bathroom. When we got
inside I noticed she was wearing the little French Maids outfit again. She
was still the Blonde Woman's little servant girl.

Kelly helped me into a large corner bath overflowing with scented water
and bubbles. She was so tender the way she washed me with the soft
sponge. Over my shoulders down my arms across my chest. My nipples
were stiff and throbbing as she slowly ran the sponge over them.

I moaned softly as she ran the sponge down my stomach. I opened my
legs wide for her, waiting for her to wash me down there. But she
stopped just above where I wanted her to go. She smiled and gently ran
the sponge over the inside of my thighs and down my legs then slowly
back up to my thighs again.

Over the past few weeks I'd fucked women and done things for them
and they had done things to me, but I still hadn't made love to a woman.
And I desperately wanted to make love to Kelly right then. And I could
tell from the look on her face that she wanted me too.

Then I felt the sponge move slowly up my thigh and brush gently over
the soft flesh between my legs. We were looking into each others eyes
as she slowly stroked me with the sponge.

The door opened and a woman I hadn't seen before walked into the
room and Kelly's eyes were suddenly filled with fear. She quickly pulled
the sponge away and signalled for me to stand up.


The woman was tall with long black hair and she had a hard almost
cruel face. She wore black leather boots, black stockings  a short
black latex skirt, and a black leather bra with metal studs on it. I loved
the way she looked, it was the way I saw the Blonde Woman in my
fantasies.

" Does she need to be shaved ?"  She said coldly.

" No Mistress Rebecca." Kelly said nervously " She doesn't "

Mistress Rebecca moved over towards us and shoved her hand roughly
between my legs. " No she doesn't."  She said as she squeezed me hard
between legs. " I'm going to enjoy you slut."

Tears were begging to well in my eyes as she increased the pain she was
inflicting on me. But I didn't move. I didn't scream. I didn't move my
eyes from hers. I just stood there and let her do with me as she pleased.

Mistress Rebecca seemed pleased with me, and she slowly loosened
her grip. I don't know why but I smiled. I thought I'd pleased her but
the look on her face when I smiled sent a cold shiver down my spine.

" Oh....You think your a clever little cunt ?

I looked over at Kelly but she was just standing there her head bowed
staring at the floor. Suddenly I was screaming, tears were rolling down
my cheeks. Mistress Rebecca had grabbed my nipples and was pulling
them hard lifting my breasts up as she pinched and rolled my nipples
around in her fingers.

" Where's the stupid smile gone Cunt." She said as she pulled and
squeezed even harder.

" I'm sorry Mistress Rebecca, I'm sorry Mistress Rebecca,...." Was all I
could say through the pain. Suddenly she let go and walked over to
Kelly.

" Hurry up and get her ready." Kelly never looked up from the floor until
Mistress Rebecca had left the room. After that, Kelly didn't look at me
much either. She finished bathing me, painted my fingernails and toe
nails a rich red and sprayed my body with a beautiful scented perfume.

Occasionally her eyes met mine as she applied some makeup to my face
but she was obviously terrified of Mistress Rebecca. Too afraid to even
be caught looking into my eyes.

She wrapped a short white jagged bottomed skirt around my waist  and
tied it in a knot near my left hip. It had wide splits up each side and
Kelly had tied the knot so it could be undone in one pull on the end.
I was told later it was to allow easy access to me for anybody who
wanted me.

Then Kelly wrapped a sheer white silk scarf around the back of my neck
crossed it over my chest, cupped my breasts in the soft material and tied it
in a knot behind my back.

She clipped gold chains around my stomach, ankles and wrists and a
black leather collar with silver studs around my neck. She looked at me
for a moment and then walked me over to a mirror and I saw what I'd
been waiting so desperately to see. A little slave girl dressed and
decorated for her owners enjoyment.

Kelly looked at the door nervously then whispered.

" You look beautiful Lynne. I wish......Just do as you're told and you'll
get through this." She spoke the last few words quickly and then kissed
me tenderly on the cheek.

Kelly clipped a shiny chain leash to the collar around my neck and led
me back into the room that had looked like a dungeon in the darkness. It
was no longer in darkness, bright lights shone down from the high
ceilings, and it no longer just looked like a dungeon, it was a dungeon.

I could see the blonde woman sitting in a medieval style carved wooden
chair with Mistress Rebecca standing beside her. It's hard to describe
the feelings that ran through my mind and body as Kelly led me towards
them and helped me to my knees before handing my leash to the Blonde
Woman.

" Well Lynne. Do you like being dressed up as my little slave girl ?"

She has the most sensual and erotic voice I've ever heard. Just listening
to her speak to me arouses me.

" Yes Mistress. I love being dressed up as your little slave girl. I am your
slave Mistress, if you want me."

" You aren't my slave yet Lynne. You're just a horny little slut who thinks
she wants to be my slave. But you're a stupid slut Lynne. You're
suppose to be out  on the streets making money for me showing me
what a good whore you are. Aren't you Lynne ?"

" Yes Mistress. And I am a good whore I made...."

I stopped speaking when Mistress Rebecca stepped forward and stood
over me. The Blonde Woman raised her hand and Mistress Rebecca
moved back beside her.

" I know how much money you've made Lynne. You were doing well until
the selfish little slut in you took over."

" I'm sorry Mistress."

" Not as sorry as you're going to be Lynne."

Mistress Rebecca walked over to the wall and took down a small black
whip and held it in front of my face. It had strips of leather hanging out of
one end of a black wooden penis shaped handle.

" A hundred lashes with this I think should make you very sorry. " The
blonde woman said as I watched in horror as Mistress Rebecca  whipped
the air with it, demonstrating what was in store for me.


I knew she was going to punish me and I knew being whipped was one
possible punishment. And I thought I could take it, I thought I would
enjoy it somehow. My thoughts were very different when I actually saw
the whip and I saw the sadistic hard faced bitch wielding it.

" But you're not ready to be whipped yet, are you Lynne ?"

I didn't speak, I couldn't. I just shook my head and bit my lip like a
frightened little girl.

" Then someone is going to have to take your punishment for you."
Mistress Rebecca's voice had a chilling edge to it.  " Aren't they Kelly?"

My head spun around and I looked at Kelly. Her hands were shaking
and she'd turned pale. She looked at the Blonde Woman pleading with
her Mistress with her eyes.

" Yes Mistress Rebecca." Kelly said in a whisper.

They made me undress Kelly and tie her between two wooden posts.
with heavy chains that I fixed to her wrists and ankles with thick leather
straps.

I couldn't look at her. They were doing this to her because of me,
because of what I'd done. They knew how Kelly and I felt about each
other. My punishment was going to be watching Kelly being punished.
I wanted to tell them to whip me not Kelly but I didn't. I let Kelly take
my whipping for me.

Kelly was standing there naked, her arms and legs spread wide between
the two posts as Mistress Rebecca walked slowly toward her.

" You have to share her pain Lynne. Stand up."  The blonde woman
smiled as she spoke. As I got to my feet Mistress Rebecca pulled the
knot undone on my slave skirt and it fell to the floor, then she pulled the
knot on the scarf that was wrapped around my breasts and it too fell to
the floor.


" Stand in front of Kelly and push your body against hers and hold her
face up so you can see her pain." The blonde woman said and I slowly
moved over towards Kelly.

It felt good as our bodies touched and then pressed hard against each
other. Her nipples against mine, her stomach and legs against mine and
her crotch against mine.

I wrapped my hands around her cheeks and looked into her eyes. I
mouthed the words. " I'm Sorry." And Kelly smiled at me for an instant
and then her eyes closed and her face grimaced as the first lash of
the whip struck her across the soft cheeks of her arse.

" Thank you Mistress Rebecca." Kelly said  through gritted teeth.

" You better help Mistress Rebecca keep count Lynne. We wouldn't
want to lose count and have to start again."

" Yes Mistress." I said nervously not really sure what to do. " That's one
Mistress."

" Very good Lynne. You did learn a few things from those movies you
watched with your husband."

My head spun towards her. Like most couple my husband and I had
watched porno movies in bed together even some  B&D movies, actually
mostly B&D movies for the last year or so. Was that part of my training,
part of the process in making me ready to become what I was now.

Either way I didn't have time to think about it. Mistress Rebecca had
struck Kelly again several times while I was off thinking about things
from the past that no longer mattered.

" Please don't lose count." Kelly whispered to me.

" That's two Mistress." I said looking back anxiously at the Blonde
Woman. " Actually that was four Lynne but you're the one keeping
count."

I looked back at Kelly and mouthed the words again. " I'm sorry,"

I felt her body stiffen and push harder against mine as the whip struck
her across her arse again.

" Thank you Mistress Rebecca." Kelly panted.

" That's three Mistress." I said anxiously as we all waited for the sound
of the next one. It became almost like a ritual. Mistress Rebecca would
slap the whip across Kellys arse or back and I'd feel her body tense as
I held her and pushed my body harder against her.

" Thank you Mistress Rebecca." Kelly would say.

" That's 33 Mistress." I would say, and on the punishment went.

Kelly's eye's had been full of love and lust when we had looked at each
other earlier. By the time the whip cracked across her body for the fiftieth
time she had a very different look in her eyes.

By the time the whip hit her for the seventieth time she was sobbing
loudly and tears rolled down her cheeks. I cried with her. But by the
time Kelly was hit for for the eightieth time the tears were gone and she
just stared at me, her eyes full of hate for me. The pain no longer made
her cry or scream, each blow just made her hate me more.

The Blonde Woman knew how we felt about each other. She spoke to
Kelly just as the whip hit her across her back with it's leather fingers.

" How do you feel about Lynne, Kelly, do you like her ?"

" I hate her Mistress." Kelly panted and whispered through the pain.
" She's a selfish little cunt. I hate the ugly fat arsed fucking bitch."

Kelly's words hurt me more than the whip would have. As they were
meant to. And the way she looked at me as she struggled through the
last few lashes told me she meant what she said.

When the whipping was over I was told to untie her. Kelly slumped
to the floor when the chains holding her up were removed. Her back
and buttocks were glowing red and covered with marks left by the whip,
but the skin hadn't been broken anywhere. Mistress Rebecca knew how
to whip a woman.

" Tie her up." I heard the Blonde Woman say and Mistress Rebecca
grabbed me and tied me where Kelly had been tied just minutes before.

The Blonde Woman just sat there looking at me while Mistress Rebecca
helped Kelly to her room. She needed to rest the Blonde Woman had
said then she too left, the lights going out with her.

I stood there tied to the posts for what seemed a long time but I had
no way of knowing how long. Suddenly the lights came back on and
The Blonde Woman walked to her chair and sat down facing me and
Mistress Rebecca knelt down in front of me.

I didn't understand what they were going to do to me. Then Mistress
Rebecca lent forward and started licking her way up the inside of my
thigh and worked her way up towards my crotch. Then her mouth was
over my pussy and I felt her tongue on my pussy lips.

Mistress Rebecca knew how to please a woman as well as she knew how
to whip one. I felt my clitoris swell and poke out from between my legs.
I moaned loudly when her tongue ran lightly over it. She sucked my
clitoris into her mouth and I threw my head back from the sudden jolt of
pleasure.

Then she reached behind me and started rubbing my arsehole with her
finger, she stabbed my clit hard with her tongue at the exact same
moment as she slid her finger up my arse.

I was panting and moaning and thanking Mistress Rebecca for what she
was doing. Then she stopped and walked back over to the Blonde
Woman.

My pussy was aching for that tongue and I pulled my arms and legs
against the chains that held me spread eagled in front of them. The
Blonde Woman opened her legs and I caught a glimpse of her pussy.
Her swollen lips glistened with her juices.

Just seeing her pussy made me moan again. Mistress Rebecca knelt
down in front of the Blonde Woman and buried her face between the
her legs.

" She's good at eating pussy. Isn't she Lynne ?" She said looking straight
at me. " Her tongue's right on my clit. I love the way she licks my clit "

All I could do was stand there and watch as the Blonde Woman came on
Mistress Rebecca's tongue. When she was finished pleasuring the
Blonde Woman Mistress Rebecca walked back over to me and knelt
down in front of me again.

" Oh please Mistress Rebecca." I begged her. " Please eat me."

She lightly passed her tongue over my clitoris a few times until she
sensed I was about  cum and stopped again. I cried out in frustration.

" Shut the fuck up Cunt." Kelly snapped at me. I hadn't noticed her
come back into the room. She was wearing a slave girl outfit the same as
the one she had dressed me in only hers was a bright red.

" Kelly I'm sorry."  I was panting hard as I pleaded with Kelly to forgive
me.

Mistress Rebecca stood in front of me and grabbed hold of my shoulders
as Kelly knelt behind her. Mistress Rebecca lent forward slightly as Kelly
lifted up her leather skirt and started licking her pussy and arsehole
from behind.

Her face was only inches from mine and I watched the
contortions on her face as she enjoyed Kelly's tongue. I felt my juices
dripping down my legs as I watched Mistress Rebecca cum. She
squeezed my shoulders and buried her face against my chest as the
waves of pleasure tore through her body.

When she was finished Mistress Rebecca knelt down in front of me
again. I could feel her breath on my pussy. I knew what she was going
to do. Bring to the edge and stop again. She only licked me once and
then walked away. If she'd licked me a second time I would have cum.

Kelly and Mistress Rebecca walked behind me and undid the straps
that bound my arms to the post and roughly tied my hands behind my
back.

" Get on your knees bitch." Mistress Rebecca snarled at me. My legs
were still held wide apart tied to the posts and the straps cut into my
ankles as I fell to my knees.

They walked around and stood in front of me, Mistress Rebecca pulled
the knot on Kelly's red slave girl skirt and it fell to the floor. Kelly moved
closer toward me and grabbed me by the hair and buried my face
between her legs. " Do a good job slut." Mistress Rebecca said from
beside me.

I didn't release being whipped had aroused Kelly so much, her pussy
was soaked and she came as soon as my tongue found her clit. She
thrust herself against my face and called me a slut and a whore and
a cunt as she orgasm consumed her.

My face was smeared with Kelly's juices as they tied my hands on the
wooden posts again. Then Kelly knelt in front of me pretending to lick
my pussy. " Oh please Kelly lick me please lick me." I begged her but
she didn't. She just kept pretending to, making out as if she was going to
lick me right on my clit and then pulling away and swearing more abuse at
me.

My head slumped in front of me and I whimpered " Please Kelly" again.

Then someone grabbed my hair and pulled my head up. It was Mistress
Rebecca. She was standing in front of me holding the whip with the
nine fingers of leather that she had used on Kelly.

" Too bad you're not ready to be whipped yet Cunt." She said mockingly
and flicked me between the legs with the whip. " Oh my God." I cried
out. The sensation was incredible.

" I am ready to be whipped Mistress Rebecca. Please whip me."

" Is she ready to be whipped Mistress." She asked the Blonde Woman.

" Perhaps."

" Oh I am Mistress." I said looking over at her. " I am ready to be
whipped, I deserve it." I looked back at Mistress Rebecca " Please whip
me.....Please."

" Whip the little slut Becky." I heard the blonde woman say and I moaned
softly in anticipation.

Mistress Rebecca looked at me, her eyes roamed over my body as she
ran the leather fingers of the whip through her fingers while she decide
where to whip me first.

Then she walked slowly behind me.The sound of the heels of her leather
boots on the concrete echoed throughout the dungeon. I could feel her
behind me. " Please whip me Mistress Rebecca " I begged her.

She laid the leather fingers of the whip over my shoulder and ran them
down my back. Then I heard the sound as the whip whistled through
the air. I braced myself waiting to feel it slap against my flesh. I heard
the sound as the leather fingers hit the post beside my head and I
looked up in time to see the leather fingers unwrap themselves
from the wooden post and fall away.

I moaned softly through a huge smile that had filled my face. Then I
screamed out as I felt the whip bite into the soft skin on my arse.

" Thank you Mistress." I gasped. The whip struck me across my back
and I thanked her again. Then I felt it 2, 3, 4, times across my bare
arse and I grunted loudly and thanked her softly.

The dungeon fell silent except for the sound of my breathing which had
become fast and erratic. " Please more Mistress Rebecca." I pleaded
with her. And then I thanked her as she struck me with fast hard blows
across my back and arse.

I was still panting " Thank you Mistress Rebecca." long after the whip
had stopped grabbing at my skin. My words faded to a whisper as I
heard the sound of her heels moving beside me and then in front of me.

I could barely hold my head up, my face was covered in perspiration
and my arse and back stung deliciously. " Whip me please Mistress
Rebecca." My voice was so soft I doubt that she could hear.

I watched as she moved closer and stood in front of me. " What did you
say little slut ?"  She twirled the whip menacingly, teasingly as I tried
to answer her. " More please Mistress Rebecca, Whip me more please."

I had barely finished gasping the words when I felt the whip strike me
hard across my breasts. I threw my head back just as the leather fingers
bit into the flesh of my breasts again. My nipples were swollen and
throbbing and she aimed the next four blows at them and hit her target
with precision each time.

Then she started flicking the whip at my breasts and stomach in an
almost gentle tender manner. The tips of the leather fingers scratched
at my body and I groaned loudly each time.

Mistress Rebecca walked up close to me until our faces were almost
touching. I lent forward and kissed her passionately. Our mouths locked
together, our tongues flicking wildly at each others.

She pulled away suddenly and just stood there looking at me again while
she twirled the whip slowly in the air. I wanted to ask her to whip me
but I couldn't speak. So I just  closed my eyes and waited for her to hit
me again.

I grunted from the pain as she hit me on my feet hard and fast first one
foot and then the other. Then I felt the stinging sensation on my ankles
and then up higher near my knees and then higher again as the whip
stung the tender skin on the inside of my thighs.

I was moaning louder and louder as the leather fingers worked there
way up my legs. I thrust my crotch forward as she whipped my thighs
and I groaned at her trying to beg her to whip me between the legs.

Then the pain stopped. The sound of the whip on my body stopped.
The only sound was the pathetic whimpering noises I was making,

I managed to drag my head up to look at her. When I did she flicked the
whip hard against  the wet folds of flesh between my legs. I screamed
from the pleasure the pain gave me.

My head slumped forward again and I heard the sound. Mistress
Rebecca was twirling the whip in a circular motion and moving it
closer and closer to my crotch.

I could feel the rush of air over my wet pussy as the whip flew over it
on it's upward swing. The sound the whip made as it twirled through the
air sent a shiver of pleasure up my body.

And then the whip hit me hard between the legs,  the leather fingers
grabbing at my pussy lips and clitoris. She twirled the whip a few more
times without hitting me. Then suddenly she hit my pussy again and then
again and soon the hard leather was biting into the soft skin of my pussy
with every upward swing.

I thrust my crotch  forward as far as I could to make it easier for Mistress
Rebecca to whip my cunt. The whip was swirling faster and faster threw
the air hitting me harder and harder on my cunt and my orgasm erupted
inside me. At first I screamed from the waves of pleasure that crashed
between my legs and through my body, but the pleasure was so intense
and lasted so long that it reduced me to the whimpering, sweaty,
pathetic little slut that I am.

                  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 12. An introduction to Submission.

I thrust my crotch  forward as far as I could to make it easier for Mistress
Rebecca to whip my cunt. The whip was swirling faster and faster
through the air hitting me harder and harder on my cunt and my orgasm
erupted inside me. At first I screamed from the waves of pleasure that
crashed between my legs and through my body, but the pleasure was so
intense and lasted so long that it reduced me to the whimpering, sweaty,
pathetic little slut that I am.

Somehow I ended up back on the bed of straw on the floor in the corner,
naked, my hands tied behind my back with rope that burnt into my
wrists. They left me there like that in the dark again and I drifted off to
sleep, exhausted from the pain and the pleasure from what they had
done to me.

I woke up suddenly when someone grabbed me and started pulling me
across the cold concrete floor of the dungeon by my hair. I screamed
and clawed at the hands that had hold of me.

" Let me go ! " I yelled out. And I slumped to the floor as whoever it was
who had been pulling me by my hair let go of me. I looked up but I
couldn't see clearly, my eyes hadn't adjusted to the bright lights that
again filled the dungeon. I could make out someone standing in front
of me and then I heard the sound of high heels on the concrete as
someone else walked towards me.

" Get Up, and Get Out !" The Blonde Woman said, spitting her words
at me. I could see more clearly now. The Blonde Woman was standing
right over me, looking down at me with a look of disgust on her face.
The other person standing near me was Mistress Rebecca. She was the
one who had dragged me across the floor.

I didn't understand why The Blonde Woman was so angry with me. I
thought she'd be pleased with the way I took my whipping, the way I
enjoyed it so much.

" Why, Mistress, why do you want me to leave. I did ..."

" Don't call me Mistress you little slut !" She snapped back at me. " You
are not my little slave girl and I am not your Mistress. I don't have slaves
who behave the way you do."

I didn't understand what I'd done wrong, all I wanted was to be hers,
to be her slave. " I'm sorry Mistress. Please I'm sorry." Tears started
to roll down my cheeks as I dragged myself to my knees and begged
her to forgive me. I didn't  know what I'd done wrong, all I knew was
that I had to see this through. Becoming her slave was now my
obsession, my addiction, nothing else mattered anymore.

" You don't even know what you're sorry for do you Lynne ?"

" No Mistress I don't...." The words came out before I could stop them.
I could feel my heart racing in my chest when I realised what I'd said.
I knew she'd throw me out for sure now.

" That's better Lynne." The Blonde Woman said in a softer voice. The
expression on her face had changed too. " I'm pleased you didn't try
to lie to me again. Slaves don't lie to their Mistresses Lynne, not if they
want to stay a slave, or become one in your case."

" I'll never lie to you Mistress." I sobbed. " And all I want is to be your
slave. You know that, you know I'll do anything you tell me to, anything.
Please tell me what I've done wrong and I'll never do it again....."

My voice trailed off as I sobbed pathetically. I caught a glimpse of myself
in a mirror behind a whipping post. It's hard to describe what I saw.
I was naked, my body still carrying some faint marks from where I was
whipped earlier. I was on my knees, with my hands tied behind my back
at the feet of two women who stood over me. I could see the trail where
the tears had rolled down my face as I had pleaded to be forgiven,
without even knowing what it was I was pleading to be forgiven for.

All that mattered to the pathetic woman in the mirror, all that mattered
to me  was for the Blonde Woman to let me be her slave. To teach me
how to please her. To tell me what she wanted of me, and to tell me what
I'd done wrong.

I'm not sure what I saw when I looked at myself in the mirror, and I can't
explain why, but I loved the way I looked. It makes me wet just thinking
about it.

I was still staring at myself in the mirror when I felt the sole of Mistress
Rebecca's boot slap against my chest and I fell to the floor, the rope
cut into my wrists as I landed heavily on the concrete floor.

The Blonde Woman walked over to me and kicked my breasts gently
a few times with the tip of her expensive black shoes. She looked
absolutely beautiful with her long blonde hair falling over the shoulders
of a short black evening dress. The neckline plunged in a V at the front
offering  a teasing glimpse of her breasts.

I felt myself getting wet as she poked my tits and stomach with the toe
of her shoe and looked down at me. My nipples grew stiff for her and she
flicked them with the cold metal tip on the heel of her black stilettos.

" I like the way you look too little slut." She said looking into my eyes.

" Thank you Mistress." I moaned softly. " All I want to do is to please
you. You must know that by now. I mean it when I say I'll do anything you
tell me to. Just give me the chance to be your slave and I'll show you,
please......"

" We'll see Lynne," She said curtly still poking parts of my body with the
toe of her shoe. " Lick my shoes little whore."

" Yes Mistress. Thank you Mistress." I said as I dragged myself onto
my knees and positioned myself on the floor at her feet and started
running my tongue over her shiny black stilettos.

" Do you really understand what it is you want Lynne ?  Do you really
understand what it means to give yourself  to another completely ?
Do you really understand what it means to be a slave ? "

I didn't say anything, I didn't think I was suppose to, I just kept licking
her delicious leather shoes as she spoke.

" We need to talk Lynne." She pulled her shoe away from my mouth and
turned to Mistress Rebecca.

" Get Kelly to clean her up and then bring her to me."

Kelly didn't have the same look of affection and passion in her eyes as
she did last time she bathed me, she didn't have the same tenderness in
her touch. She hadn't forgiven me for letting her take my punishment. I
kept trying to tell her I was sorry but she never  spoke to me the whole
time, she couldn't even bring herself to look at me. I knew I had to find a
way to make it up to her."

Kelly motioned for me to get out of the bath and then dried me with a
large fluffy white towel. But there was no affection or feeling in the
way she ran the towel over my body, not like there was before. It was as
if bathing me and drying me was a chore, an unpleasant one at that.

After Kelly had dried me she pointed to some clothes folded neatly on
a dresser in the corner. As soon as I saw the clothes I recognised them.
They were mine. Or they were mine. They belonged to the  woman called
Lynne before that night in the garage.

The panties and bra were the white lace one's the other Lynne had
bought at David Jones a month ago. The cheap body tone pantyhose
were still in the packet they were in when the other Lynne bought them
at Coles months ago. The dress was one that Lynne the little house wife
had worn many times. It was  pale cream with a very modest hem and
neckline. The shoes were an old pair of white low heels she had been
going to throw out ages ago.

I grew increasingly nervous as Kelly helped dress me and applied a
touch of blush to my cheeks, a pale pink gloss to my lips, and few dabs
of Avon perfume. The nervousness became a sense of panic almost
when I saw myself in the mirror as Kelly brushed my hair.

I looked in the mirror and saw the old Lynne staring back at me. I had
a horrible feeling that this was the Blonde Woman's way of telling me
she didn't want me.

" What's going on Kelly ? " I asked, afraid to hear the answer. But Kelly
said nothing. What I saw in the mirror told me. I was the other Lynne
again. The little house wife who liked to cook and to read John Grisham
novels and to watch the Sharkies. I didn't want to be that Lynne again.

I thought back over all the things I'd done over the past few weeks. I
wasn't that Lynne anymore and never could be. They'd turned me into
a slut and cheap street whore. I'd been whipped and humiliated in so
many ways,  and I'd loved every moment of it all.

Kelly had punished me in the most disgusting way and I had  let her, I'd
let her do it again if the Blonde Woman told me to.

I'd done so many disgusting things, had so many disgusting things done
to me. What more did I need to do to show the Blonde Woman that I

meant what I said. What more did I need to do to show her how much I
needed to give myself to her, to become her slave.

I looked over at Kelly, standing near the door in her little red slave girl
outfit. I wanted to be dressed like her. I wanted to belong to the Blonde
Woman the way she did.

" This way please Miss." Kelly said softly with her head bowed.

A cold shiver ran down my spine when I heard her. They'd unleashed
all these feelings inside me that now consumed every part of me, and
now they were just going to throw me away.

What was I suppose to do ? Pretend all this hadn't happened ? Pretend I
didn't feel the things I felt ? Was I suppose to go back to being just
another boring little housewife living in the suburbs with her husband.
Did I still have a husband to go back to ? I couldn't go back, not now.
And they knew I couldn't.

My head was swimming as Kelly led me through a maze of hallways and
staircases. Kelly stopped at the top of a landing and opened a door
and then stood back with her head bowed and said;

" In here please Miss."

I brushed past Kelly and walked into the sitting room where so much had
happened that night of the dinner party. The Blonde woman was sitting
on one of the couches, her legs crossed, her arms folded in front of her
with her chin resting in her hand. She tapped her finger gently against
her cheek as she watched Kelly escort me to the couch opposite.

As I sat down I looked at the coffee table that separated us. The coffee
table where I had entertained the Blonde Woman and her friends
with Tom the night of the dinner party.

I could feel the Blonde Womans eyes on me and I desperately wanted to
say something but I had no idea what to say. The silence was agonising
and I was relieved when it was interrupted when Kelly offered me a glass
of Champagne from a silver tray. The tall glass shook in my hand as
I lifted it to my mouth.

After serving me Kelly walked over and put the tray behind the bar, her
bare feet making a soft pattering sound on the slate floor as she moved
quietly around the room and then she stood beside the fireplace to my
left with her hands by her side, her head bowed slightly and her eyes
looking down at the floor. She was standing in the same spot where I
had been made to humiliate myself by wetting myself in front of every
body the night of the dinner party.

That terrible  silence returned to the room. My heart was beating so hard
in my chest I felt sure that both Kelly and the Blonde Woman would have
heard it.

" Please don't do this to me Mistress." I mumbled softly. I couldn't take
the silence any longer. I couldn't bare not knowing what she was going to
do with me any longer.

" Do what Lynne ?" The Blonde Woman said disinterestedly as she leant
forward and picked her glass of champagne up off the coffee table and
took a delicate sip.

" Please don't send me away. I can't go back to the way things were, not
now. Everything is different now. I just want to be yours. The way Kelly
is."

" Why should I care what you want  ?"

I looked up at the Blonde Woman, I didn't know how to answer her.
There was no reason for her to care what I wanted.

" Kelly is my slave Lynne, she gave herself to me completely and obeys
me without hesitation. What she wants doesn't matter to me any more
than what you want does. But more importantly what she wants doesn't
matter to her either. All that matters is what I want."

" I want to be your slave too Mistress...."

" There you go again Lynne, talking about what you want. I just told you
I'm not interested in what you want. Kelly doesn't want to be a slave
or need to be a slave, it's just what she is. You don't seem to understand
the difference. "

She was right I didn't understand the difference. There were a lot of
things I didn't understand but I knew what I wanted, even if the
Blonde Woman didn't care what I wanted. I looked into her eye's
and saw a tenderness I hadn't seen in her eye's before.

" Do you even understand what a slave is Lynne ?" She asked me in
a gentle voice. She was staring into my eyes just as I was staring into
hers. I wondered what she saw in my eye's.

She took another sip from her glass and put it back on the coffee table
and said; " The use of the word slave in the context we use it is very
different to what most people perceive it's meaning. Kelly is my slave,
but I don't use her as a tool of labour like slaves in the past were used.
And I don't hold her as my slave against her will.

Slave, Sex Slave, they're only words Lynne. But the words have
significance in so far as they express the ownership of one person by
another. I own Kelly, if I get bored with her or she displeases me I will sell
her to somebody else, and Kelly will allow herself to be sold to someone
else. Kelly is a slave because she is totally and completely submissive.
That's just what she is and she can't change what she is."

" Of course there's a certain erotic and sexual feel to the word slave.
It conjures up all sorts of images. As a Mistress it arouses me because
it adds to my sense of ownership and dominance and as a slave, it
arouses Kelly because it adds to her feelings of submission and of being
owned. It's a very sexual and very powerful word."

I understood what the Blonde woman was saying. And I knew I was the
same as Kelly, I knew I was just as submissive and needed to be owned
just as much as Kelly, but I had to find some way of convincing the
Blonde Woman. Of at least letting her give me another chance to show
her that I was just like Kelly.

" May I speak Mistress ?" I asked politely, trying to show that I
understood and that I was learning.

" Yes Lynne you may speak"

" Thank you Mistress. I've learnt a lot about myself over the past few
weeks since that night in the garage and I know now that being a slave
is just as much a part of me and what I am as it is a part of Kelly.

I look back over the things I've done over the past few weeks, at how
quickly I've become what I am now, and I realise that this is what I've
always been. I just didn't know it until you showed me."

The Blonde Woman was listening to me, not just hearing me but actually
listening to what I had to say. She took another sip from her glass and
looked at me again and said;

" I agree Lynne. You've come a long way in a very short time, and you've
still got a lot to learn about what is required from a slave, but that's
not the problem."

" Then what is the problem Mistress, what have I done wrong ?"

" You've done a lot of things wrong Lynne but that in itself isn't
necessarily a problem. Teaching a woman how to be an obedient
and submissive slave is an enjoyable experience for a Mistress."

" Then teach me Mistress." My eye's were pleading with her, and she
smiled at me with a warmth she hadn't shown towards me before.

" It's a matter of limits Lynne." She said as she turned to face Kelly.
" Come here ! " She ordered Kelly in a much different voice than the one
she had been speaking to me with. Kelly quickly scurried across the floor
and stood by her Mistresses side. The Blonde Woman gently ran her
hand up Kelly's leg and caressed the inside of her thigh.

" She's absolutely gorgeous, isn't she Lynne ?" The Blonde Woman said
as she devoured Kelly's body with her eyes.

" Yes Mistress, she is." I answered meekly. I knew what the Blonde
Woman was going to say next. She was going to say that I just wasn't
attractive the way Kelly was. I knew I wasn't, not many woman are.

" You are nowhere near as attractive or sexy as Kelly is, are you Lynne?"

" No Mistress I'm not." I couldn't look at her when I answered.

The Blonde Woman smiled at me again. " I'm glad you were honest
with me Lynne. But the fact that you're not as beautiful or physically
appealing as Kelly isn't the problem either. You're more attractive than
some women I have as my slaves and less attractive than others. That
isn't what's important either. As I said Lynne what matters is limits."

The Blonde Woman's eyes were still roaming over Kelly's body as she
spoke.

" You see Lynne, Kelly has no limits on what she will do to please me.
She has no limits on her obedience or her submissiveness. She is
totally submissive and completely obedient. Her sole purpose is to serve
me and anybody else  I choose to give her to. Pleasure for Kelly comes
from being obedient and being submissive. And of course obedience and
submission brings other pleasures with it too, doesn't it Kelly ?"

The blonde woman slid her hand up Kelly's skirt  started stroking her
gently between the legs.

" Yes Mistress." Kelly moaned softly as she opened her legs slightly to
allow her Mistress easier access to that part of her body.
The Blonde Woman's fingers glistened with Kelly's juices when she
removed her hand from under Kelly's skirt. She held her hand up
and Kelly hungrily licked her juices off her Mistresses fingers. I felt
myself getting wet as I watched.

" Mistress." I said nervously. " What about all the things I've done over
the past few weeks, doesn't that show what I am ?"

The Blonde Woman looked at me as if she'd been waiting for me to say
something like that.

"   A lot of the things you've done over the past few weeks you've done
for yourself, for your own pleasure. That show's that you're a slut Lynne,
but it doesn't mean that you're a slave. The streets are full of slut's,
but do you really have the natural instincts of submission that a woman'
like Kelly has. "

" I know I do Mistress, just give me the chance to show you."

The Blonde woman ran her fingers affectionately through Kelly's hair.

" Then why did you yell at Mistress Rebecca to let you go ?

Suddenly The Blonde Woman grabbed Kelly by the hair and stood up and
dragged her around the room towards me. Then she threw Kelly on the
floor at my feet.

" Clean her shoes for her little whore." The Blonde Woman growled at
Kelly. And Kelly knelt at my feet and started licking my shoes. I looked
down at Kelly and saw her tongue lapping at my shoes. Watching her
made me even wetter. I felt my panties soaking up my juices

" See." The Blonde Woman said as she looked down at Kelly.  " She
didn't resist me dragging her around the room by her hair. She didn't
tell me to let her go and she didn't hesitate when I told her to clean
your shoes."

" But I........"  I didn't know what to say and I was relieved when the
Blonde Woman interrupted me.

" It's instincts and limits Lynne. Kelly's instincts are to submit and she
has no limits to her submission or her obedience. Take Lynne's shoes
off and lick her feet Kelly."

" Yes Mistress." Kelly said as I felt her slide my shoes off. Then I felt
her tongue licking my feet through my pantyhose.

" What do you think of Lynne Kelly, do you like her ? "

" No Mistress, I hate the ugly slut." Kelly said just as she wrapped her
mouth around my toes and sucked them into her mouth.

" Do you like licking Lynne's feet Kelly ?"

" Yes Mistress. I love licking her feet. It makes me wet."

The Blonde woman let Kelly's words hang in the air for a moment.

" Why do you love licking Lynne's feet if you hate her so much Kelly . Why
does it make your sweet little pussy wet doing it ?"

" Because you want me to Mistress. And I love doing anything you want
me to. Doing what you want me to makes me wet."

The Blonde Woman looked down almost proudly at Kelly.

" Do you see Lynne." She said looking up at me. " Kelly's pleasure comes
from doing as she's told, from doing what I want her to do."

" Yes Mistress, I understand." I said softly as I watched Kelly sucking on
my toes. My pussy was dripping. I wanted Kelly's tongue between my
legs.

" But there's also an element of humiliation in having to lick the feet of
someone you hate."  The Blonde Woman said as Kelly started licking
the soles of my feet. " That's part of the reason Kelly gets pleasure from
doing it. It's humiliating for her to have to do it, and she enjoys being
humiliated. Being humiliated arouses her, it makes her wet. But
ultimately she wouldn't be licking your feet if I hadn't told her to. So
Kelly receives pleasure in doing it for a combination of reasons. Being an
obedient little slave girl, being humiliated and the act itself all combine
to make it a pleasurable experience for her which arouses her."

The Blonde Woman smiled at me again.

" Submission is a lot more complicated than those who have never
experienced it think it is Lynne."

The Blonde Woman took another sip from her glass of Champagne  and
told Kelly to stand up. " Are you wet Lynne ? "

" Yes Mistress I am." I said looking her straight in her eyes.

" Did you hear what she called you Lynne. She said you were an ugly
slut."

" Yes Mistress I heard her." I wasn't sure how I was suppose to react or
what she expected me to say. The Blonde Woman glared at Kelly and
she fell to her knees at my feet.

" I'm sorry Miss. Please forgive me. Please tell me what I can do to show
you how sorry I am Miss." Kelly said looking into my eyes, looking back
into hers I could tell that she was sorry. She was sorry because her
Mistress wanted her to be sorry.

" Get me the paddle Kelly and then lie across Lynnes lap." The Blonde
Woman said angrily. Kelly scurried off and quickly returned with a black
leather paddle. She lifted her skirt exposing her beautiful bare arse and
and her shaved pussy and layed across my lap. Her body felt warm
against mine.
The Blonde Woman walked over to us and Kelly held the paddle out
for her. " I want to hurt you Kelly."

" Please hurt me Mistress I deserve it. " Kelly panted.

" See how she begs me to punish her Lynne. See how she wants me to
hurt her. A slave enjoys the pain her Mistress inflicts on her. A slave
wants to be punished if she's displeased her Mistress."

The Blonde Woman started smacking Kelly hard on the soft skin of her
bare arse. Kelly thanked her each time the paddle struck her and she
begged for more.

" Tell Lynne how sorry you are for what you said bitch."

Kelly lifted her head and looked back over her shoulder at me as the
Blonde Woman continued to belt her with the paddle.

" I'm so sorry Miss. I deserve to be punished for what I said to you. I
only said it because I'm jealous of you. I'm jealous that the Mistress
will pay you more attention than she pays me. I'm jealous of your body
too Miss. I wish I had beautiful breasts like you. I'm the ugly slut Miss,
not you. I'm a stupid flat chested slut Miss. Please let me show you how
sorry I am. A cheap slut like me isn't worthy to lick your sweet pussy,
but I could lick your arse for you Miss. I could stick my tongue up your
arse for you. Please let me Miss. Please let me show you how sorry I am"

Kelly's arse was glowing red and her head slumped forward. She couldn't
speak anymore. I felt her body flinch on my lap as The Blonde Woman
continued to punish her with the paddle.

" Do you want me to stop hitting you Kelly ?"

" No Mistress." Kelly panted breathlessly, her face buried in the couch as
she forced herself to endure her punishment.

" See Lynne." The Blonde Woman said as she started hitting Kelly on the
inside of her thighs with the paddle. " Kelly enjoyed the pain for a while
but now the pleasure has gone and there is only pain. But a slave never
wants her punishment to stop until her Mistress is ready to stop. She
knows that what she wants doesn't matter anyway. All that's left for her
is to wait for the pleasure she'll receive when the pain stops. Do you
understand Lynne ?"

" Yes Mistress, I understand." Watching Kelly being punished and
listening to her talk about sticking her tongue up my arse had made my
pussy drip even more. I knew there was a wet patch on the leather couch
where I was sitting.

Suddenly the Blonde Woman stopped hitting Kelly with the paddle.
Kelly's arse and thighs were glowing red. " Thank you Mistress." I heard
Kelly say. Her voice a breathless whisper. " Thank you for punishing me
Mistress. I deserved it."

The Blonde Woman reached over and  grabbed Kelly by the hair and
pulled her off my lap. She landed heavily on the floor at my feet.

" Did you listen to what Kelly said to you Lynne. She meant what she
said. She is jealous of you. She is jealous that I will pay you more
attention than her. She is jealous of your body. She does wish she had
big tits like you. But she hates you. No body with any self respect or
dignity or pride  would admit that to you. But a slave has no self respect
or dignity or pride. And nobody treats a slave with any respect or dignity.
A slave is just there to be used. And a commodity to be sold or given
away when she is of no further use. Do you understand Lynne ?

" Yes Mistress I do. " I understood a lot of things now. And I wanted to
be used the way the Blonde Woman was using Kelly.

" Do you want Kelly to show you how sorry she is in the way she
suggested Lynne ?" The Blonde Woman asked as she sat down on the
couch opposite me again.

I desperately wanted Kelly to do that to me. " What I want doesn't matter
Mistress, what matters is what you want."I said hoping it was the right
answer. The Blonde Woman smiled at me again.

" Get up and lean over the coffee table so Kelly can show you how sorry
she is."

My legs felt hollow when I stood up. I bent over the coffee table and
and put my hands on the top of the table to support myself as I moved
my feet apart a little more.

I heard Kelly moving behind me then I felt her hands reaching up under
my dress and pulling my panty hose and panties down to my knees.
Then she pushed my dress up over my back exposing my arse.

My face was only a few feet away from the Blonde Woman who stared
into my eyes as I felt Kelly's tongue licking it's way up the back of my
legs. I moaned in anticipation.

Kelly licked the cheeks of my arse a few times and then I felt her tongue
lick my arsehole. I moaned loudly from the sensation of Kelly's tongue
on my arsehole. She licked me gently at first and then suddenly stabbed
my arsehole with her tongue, pushing her tongue deep up inside me
and I screamed out and came.

I was lost in the pleasure Kelly was giving me but I knew the Blonde
Woman was watching me, and knowing she was watching me just made
my orgasm more intense.

I'd never cum from just anal stimulation before and it was an amazing
experience. Different to any other orgasm I'd ever had. I could feel my
arsehole pulsing, grabbing Kelly's tongue as I came.

My head slumped onto the coffee table as my orgasm subsided.

" Fix Lynne's clothes up and pour us some more Champagne you dirty
little slut." The Blonde Woman said to Kelly without even looking at her.

After Kelly had slid my panties and panty hose back up my legs and
straightened my dress she scurried off to get the Champagne and I
sat clumsily back on the couch.

After Kelly served us our Champagne the Blonde Woman told her to
get the strap on vibrator. She wanted to show me something. Kelly
was gone less than a minute and returned holding something that
looked like a belt with all sorts of things on it.

" Explain to Lynne how it works as you put it on and then lie on the coffee
table." The Blonde Woman said as she pulled the knot at the side of
Kelly's little red salve skirt and it fell to the floor exposing her bald wet
pussy and still glowing red arse.

" Yes Mistress." Kelly said as she moved over to me. " See Miss. This
little rubber finger goes up my arse." Kelly sucked on it a few times to
get it wet and then slid up her arse, moaning quietly as she did.

" The plastic cock goes up my pussy Miss." She said in a panting voice.
" And this little knob rests on my clit." Kelly spread her legs a little and
slid the six inch plastic cock up her wet pussy. She paused for a moment
taking a few calming breaths before she continued.

" They all vibrate and the intensity of the vibrations is controlled by this
knob on the front Miss.  And the belt goes around my waist to hold it in
place." Kelly did the belt up tightly around her waist and then layed on
the coffee table between the Blonde Woman and me as she had been
told to.

" Turn it on about 1/3 of the way Kelly." The Blonde Woman said as she
sipped on her Champagne. Kelly did as instructed and the room was
filled with the faint buzzing sounds from the vibrators inside Kelly's body.

Almost immediately Kelly's breathing grew louder. Her chest moved up
and down as the sensations ran through her body.

" Can you feel it up your arse Kelly, can you feel it inside your dirty little
cunt ? " The Blonde Woman said in that seductive voice of hers.

" Yes Mistress I can." Kelly panted.

" Turn it up all the way for her Lynne." The Blonde Woman told me, so
I leant over and turned the knob all the way up. The sounds of the
vibrators were much louder now and I could only imagine how good it
must have felt.

The Blonde Woman leant back into the couch and watched Kelly
squirming around on the coffee table for what seemed an eternity.

" Do you want to cum Kelly ?" She asked as she leant over her.

" Yes please Mistress, if you want me to." Kelly moaned.

" Well I don't want you to cum yet little slut."

Kelly let out a pathetic little whimper and grabbed the sides of the coffee
table. Her arse was lifting up off the coffee table and her knuckles were
turning white as she hung on tighter to the edges of the table.

" A slave doesn't cum without permission Lynne. Do you understand."

I understood. I had cum without permission. The Blonde Woman was
showing me how an obedient slave like Kelly behaves.

" Yes Mistress, I understand." I said hiding my face by looking down at
Kelly.

" Do you still want to cum Kelly." The Blonde Woman asked in a half
mocking tone.

" Oh God Yes Please Mistress." Kelly screamed out. " If you want me to."

" You can cum on the count of ten. Do you understand Kelly."
" Yes Mistress," Kelly moaned loudly. " Thank you Mistress."

The Blonde Woman started counting slowly, and Kelly started bucking
fast and wildly on the coffee table.

" 7..." I could see Kelly trying to hold back the tide of her orgasm that
threatened to swamp her at any second.

" 8....9..........I've changed  my mind Kelly I don't want you to cum."

Kelly let out a long loud whine and quickly reached down and turned
the vibrators off. " Thank you Mistress." Kelly panted, her face was
flushed and her voice a desperate whisper.

" Get up slut." The Blonde Woman snapped at Kelly and we watched
as she undid the belt and slid the little rubber finger out of her arse.
From the look on her face I was sure Kelly was going to cum as she slid
the plastic cock out of her dripping wet cunt. But she didn't.

Suddenly the expression on the Blonde Woman's face changed.

" You look good in your housewife clothes Lynne. They suit you."  She
was still smiling at me as she spoke but it was different somehow.

" What I'm wearing doesn't change what I'm feeling Mistress.  I am a
slave Mistress. I need to give myself to you completely, to submit to
you completely. I'm sure I can do things to please you and that you can
find ways to use me for your pleasure or amusement. You can use me in
any way you want Mistress. I know I've made mistakes but I will do
anything you want me to....anything.  I will obey you completely if you give
me another  chance to show you. "

I know how desperate and pathetic I must have sounded. Tears had
started to swell in my eye's. The Blonde Woman looked at me with a hint
of a scowl on her face.

" You've learnt a lot in a short time Lynne but I'm not a patient woman
You better start learning faster.

" Yes Mistress, I will, thank you  Mistress." My words ran into each other
as I spoke. She was giving me another chance and I've never felt so
relieved or grateful for anything in my life.

" This is the only time we will ever talk like this Lynne. From now on you
will be treated as the slave you think you are. Don't ever disobey me or
displease me again. And don't think this means I have accepted you as
my slave yet, I haven't. You still have a lot to do to prove you're worthy.
And I'm still to decide whether I want you. "

" Yes Mistress, thank  you , I won't disappoint you."

" We'll see little whore. Now get up and follow me !"

Just hearing her call me a little whore again sent a shiver of excitement
through my body. " Yes Mistress." I said as I stood up and followed her
towards the hallway. Kelly was standing off to the side. The expression
on her face told me the torture her mind and body was trying to recover
from, and still enduring.

The Mistress suddenly stopped as she walked past Kelly. " I want you
to cum now Kelly." She said in a voice that expressed little interest in
her.

" Thank you Mistress." Kelly said as her eyes lit up. I could see her hands
and knees trembling, it seemed like she had to struggle just to stand
up. " How do you want me to cum for you Mistress ?"

The Mistress turned to me and said. " See Lynne, a slave cums for her
Mistress not for herself, and she always asks how her Mistress wants
her to cum."

The Mistress looked back at Kelly. " Get down on the floor and hump
Lynne's leg like a mongrel bitch dog on heat."

" Yes Mistress, thank you Mistress." Kelly spat her words out quickly and
threw herself onto the floor and crawled over to me. She squatted on
the floor beside me opened her legs wide and pushed her crotch hard
against my leg. I felt her hands wrap tightly around my thigh as she
hung on and started humping my leg just as she had been told to, just
like a dog on heat.

She left a trail of her cunt juice on my stockings as she slid her wet
crotch up and down my leg and pushed herself hard against me. Her
grip around my thigh got tighter as she got closer.

" Cum for me Kelly." The Blonde woman said and Kelly screamed out
and came in a wild humping moaning  frenzy. She grunted like an
animal as wave after wave of the orgasm she'd fought off was suddenly
released. Kelly was still cumming when the Mistress pushed her off my
leg.

" Finish yourself off with one of Lynne's shoe's." The Mistress said and
Kelly quickly crawled over to where I had been sitting and grabbed one
of my shoes off the floor and started fucking herself with it saying,
" Thank you Mistress, Thank you Mistress..." over and over.

I could hear Kelly cumming again as I followed The Mistress down
the hall. She stopped in front of a door,  it took me a few seconds to
realise that I was suppose to open the door for her.

I opened the door and stood back to allow the Mistress to walk into
the room first and I followed behind her. The room was a study or an
office of some sort. There was a large desk under the window opposite
the door and a row of book shelves on the wall to my right. To my left
was a large fire place, two men were standing in front of it enjoying
it's warmth. They looked at me and I recognised them straight away.

They were the two men who had thrown me in the boot of the car when
they caught me at the brothel in Surrey Hills. The impression I had of
them that time was right, they were both as ugly as each other, their
arms covered in tattoos. They looked like brothers. Both were tall and
muscular with dark complexions, and short dark hair. They both wore
grubby blue denim jeans and T-shirts. One had work boots on the other
cheap joggers. But both had the same sickening little smirks on their
faces.

There was a woman sitting on the dark brown leather couch in front of
the fire place with her back to me.

" Is this her ?" The Mistress asked the woman.

I felt my pulse quicken when Lexy stood up and said.

" Yes. That's the little whore." Lexy's eyes drilled into me. I could see the
hatred she felt for me on her face. I hadn't seen her since that night
in Tony's office. I didn't know what Tony had done to her because of me
but I knew it wouldn't have been pleasant for her.

The Mistress told Lexy to sit down and told me to go and stand in front
of her, then she sat on the couch beside Lexy.

I didn't know what to do or where to look as I stood on the polished
floorboards in front of Lexy. Not being able to see the two ugly men
with the sickening smirks on their faces behind me only added to my
growing nervousness.

" Do you remember what you wrote about Lexy in your diary Lynne ?"
The Mistress asked in a sarcastic tone.

" Not exactly Mistress, I know I didn't like her." I stuttered.

Suddenly I felt a clammy hand on my arm from behind. The ugly man
in the dirty joggers passed me a photo copy of an exert from my diary.
I noticed he had dirty finger nails too as I took it off him.

" Read to Lexy what you wrote about her Lynne." The Mistress said.


I pushed my shoulders back and tried to look composed as I started
reading what I'd written about her.

" I saw Lexy down the street approaching the men that walked past her.
She had nearly cost me everything, I don't think I have ever felt such
hatred for another person in my life than I did for that whore.

And I didn't think she was particularly attractive either. She was about
my height 5'2", but she looked like she was a bit podgy under her
whore clothes. She had a black dress on. Really low cut, her tits  looked
fairly big, but nothing special. Her dress was too short, her thighs were
just a bit too big for a dress that short.

She was obviously trying to look a bit classier than the other girls on the
street with her black dress and  black stockings and shoes. But I didn't
think there was anything classy about her. She was sort of pretty, with
long black curly hair. And although I was finding myself more and more
attracted to other women, Lexy didn't do anything for me. I wasn't
attracted to her at all. The more I looked at her the uglier she seemed
to look. I despised the ugly  whore."

I forced myself to look at Lexy as I read and when I'd finished reading.
I didn't want to, but I knew the Mistress wanted me to, and that's all
that mattered. The look of hatred on her face grew stronger the more I
read. When I finished reading and looked down at Lexy I was waiting for
her to leap off the couch and attack me, just as she'd done on the street.
All that seemed so long ago now.

" You think you're better than Lexy, don't you Lynne ?" The Mistress
said as she ran her fingers through Lexy's long black curly hair.

" Yes Mistress, I do." Not lying to the Mistress was already proving to be
a lot more difficult than I had thought it would be.

" Yes, I know you think you're better than her Lynne." The Mistress said
with a contemptuous smile on her face. She let me endure my
humiliation and embarrassment for a few moments and then looked
back up at me and said.

" Lynne, you get on your knees in front of the one in the joggers and suck
him off , and Lexy you get on your knees in front of the one in the boots
and suck him off."

"Yes Mistress." I said obediently and I knelt in front of the man in the
dirty joggers. Lexy didn't say anything, she just got up and knelt on the
polished floorboards in front of the man in the work boots.

Lexy and I were only a few feet apart and we glanced at each as we
undid the fly on their jeans and took their cocks out. Neither of them
were circumcised and both were still soft.
    .
I took his cock into my mouth and sucked on it to get him hard. I saw
Lexy out of the corner of my eye, she was holding her mans cock in her
hand and running her tongue over the underside of it and jerking him
off. Lexy's man got hard before mine did.

I felt my mans cock growing hard as it slid in and out of my mouth. When
he was hard I sucked and licked his cock with a passion that surprised
me. I loved sucking on the ugly man's cock. I wanted the Mistress to see
him cum in my mouth. I felt myself getting wet as he fucked my face.

Lexy was still just jerking her man off, and I noticed her put something
in her mouth. Then she slid his cock all the way into her mouth, as she
slid it back out of her mouth I saw the condom over the head of his cock
and Lexy rolled it down the shaft of his cock with her hand and then
sucked it into her mouth again.

We were both kneeling on the floor holding onto our men's arses as
we sucked there cocks while they fucked our faces. Lexy's man grabbed
her hair and started fucking her face faster and faster he grunted as
he came in the condom.

Soon after my man grunted a few times and  I felt his cum squirting
down my throat. Some of his cum dribbled out the side of my mouth
and I wiped it off with my fingers and licked and sucked every drop
off, and then cleaned his cock with my tongue.

Lexy started to take the Condom off her man but the Mistress stopped
her. " Lynne will do that Lexy, come and sit back on the couch with me."

I thought I knew what she wanted me to do but I hoped I was wrong.
I crawled over to the man in the work boots and gently slid the condom
off his cock which was only semi erect now.

" A good slave never wastes good cum Lynne." The Mistress said and I
heard Lexy groan in disgust at what I was going to do.

" Yes Mistress." I said, trying to sound as if I really wanted to do this.
But as I held the cum filled condom to my lips I realised that I really did
want to do it.

It was an incredibly disgusting thing to do, particularly with the men
and Lexy watching, but it was the fact that it was such a disgusting
thing to do that made me wet when I did it. And I made sure Lexy and
the two men had a good view of me as I did.

After I'd poured all the cum into my mouth that would come out, I
turned the condom inside out and sucked it clean, then I screwed it up
into a ball and put in my mouth and chewed on it like a piece of gum.
Lexy and the two men looked down at me in disgust. The Mistress looked
down at me with a hint of a smile on her face.

My pussy was dripping and I was hoping the Mistress would make me
play with myself in front of Lexy and the two men as I chewed on the
used condom.

" Did doing that make you wet Lynne." The Mistress asked.

" Yes Mistress, very wet." I said as I rolled the condom around in my
mouth.

" Your such a dirty little slut Lynne." She snapped at me. " Crawl over
to the bin beside the desk and spit the filthy thing out."

" Yes Mistress." I said, aching to touch myself but knowing I couldn't.
I felt their eyes on me as I crawled over to the desk and spat the used
condom into the bin.

 " Crawl over here you little slut and stand in front of Lexy."

 I looked into Lexy's eye's the whole time I crawled across the polished
 timber floor. The look on her face made my pussy drip even more. I
 can only imagine what I must have looked like doing the things I did
 dressed in my pretty housewife dress.

 As instructed I stood in front of Lexy who stared up at me from the couch
 and waited for the Mistress to tell me what to do next. I looked down at
 Lexy, she seemed a lot prettier than I remembered. She wore the same
 short black dress and shoes that she wore the night we had the catfight.
 But she didn't have any stockings on, and her thighs still looked too
 big for a skirt that short, and she was a bit chubby, but she was a lot
 more attractive than I gave her credit for that first time I saw her.

 The Mistress handed Lexy three one hundred dollar bills and Lexy said
 " Thank you." As she took the money and shoved it into her cheap black
 handbag on the couch beside her.

 " Lexy is a cheap street whore Lynne." The Mistress said as she looked
 over at Lexy. " But she's not ashamed of what she is, and nor should
 she be. She fucks men for money, that's how she makes a living. She
 insists the men use condoms, she doesn't let anyone cum in her mouth
 or inside her without a condom and she spends the money she earns
 enjoying her life. She doesn't use her body to feed a drug habit, she
 has a partner, an apartment, and she enjoys her life."

 I glanced over at Lexy, she had a smile on her face. I'd never seen her
 smile before and it made her look very different somehow.

 " Lexy got $300 for sucking her man off, what did you get Lynne ?"

 " Nothing Mistress." I said softly.

 " You didn't make your man use a condom like Lexy did.......... did you
 Lynne ?"

 " No Mistress, I didn't." I said in an even softer voice.

 " Do you think you're better than Lexy Lynne."

 Sucking the man in the dirty joggers off was degrading and I'd loved
 doing it. Drinking the cum from the condom was disgusting and
 humiliating  in a way that aroused me and made me wet. But saying
 what I had to say now was even more humiliating and embarrassing
 than any of the other things I'd done.

 " I did Mistress. Before tonight I thought I was better than her. Now I
 know I'm not. Lexy may be a cheap street whore, but I'm even cheaper
 than that. There isn't a word to describe what I am. She's better than me
 Mistress. She has more class than I'll ever have. I'm not fit to lick her
 shoes."

 " Maybe she'd like you to lick her arsehole for her Lynne ? The Mistress
 said looking up at me. " You should do something to show her how sorry
 you are for writing those things about her that you wrote. Would you
 like Lynne to lick your arsehole Lexy ?"

 " Maybe....." Lexy said with a look on her face that scared me a little.
 She hated me before, she hated me even more now. But it was more
 than that. I disgusted her. I could tell she despised me. It was written
 all over her face.

 " You can take Lynne home for the night if you like Lexy. She'll do
 whatever you tell her to. Just make sure you bring her back in the
 morning."

 My eye's darted over to the Mistress. I didn't want her to give me to
 Lexy to take home for the night. I didn't know what she'd do to me.

 " And it doesn't cost me anything...." Lexy said hesitantly.

 " No." The Mistress said in a reassuring voice. Take her home and do
 what you want with her, and it won't cost you a cent."

 " Take Lexy out to the foyer." The Mistress said to the two ugly men that
 Lexy and I had sucked off. " Lynne will be down in a few minutes."

 I watched nervously as Lexy glanced back at me with a strange look on
 her face as the two men escorted her from the room and closed the
 door.

 The room was silent. The Mistress sat on the couch in her beautiful
 black evening dress looking up at me. She knew what I wanted to say
 and how much I wanted to say it. She was seeing if I could keep my
 mouth shut and just do as I was told.

 " There's something else you need to understand Lynne." The Mistress
 said after a few long minutes of nerve wracking silence. " When a
 Mistress gives a slave to another, the slave obeys that other person as
 she would her Mistress. She does whatever she can to please that other
 person as she would her Mistress. Do you understand Lynne ?"

 " Yes Mistress, I understand." I said with a tenseness and unease in my
 voice that I knew she could hear.

 " Good." The Mistress said as she stood up and walked over to me. She
 started running her fingers through my hair and looking at me as if
 admiring me. " And there's one other thing Lynne. A slave has complete
 trust in her Mistress. She trusts that her Mistress would never do
 anything to put her in any real danger. Obedience, submission and
 trust in her Mistress, a slave must have all of these, or she can never
 really be a slave. Do you understand Lynne ?"

 " Yes Mistress, I understand." I knew she could hear the sense of relief
 in my voice. I did trust her completely, and this was my chance to show
 her.

 " And make sure Lexy enjoys having you Lynne. I'll be checking with her
 on how obedient you were for her and whether you satisfied her needs."

 " I understand Mistress." I said enjoying the feel of her fingers running
 through my hair. " I won't disappoint you.........or Lexy."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 13. A WHORE'S WHORE.

" Yes Mistress, I understand." I knew she could hear the sense of relief
in my voice. I did trust her completely, and this was my chance to show
her.

" And make sure Lexy enjoys having you Lynne. I'll be checking with her
on how obedient you were for her and whether you satisfied her needs."

" I understand Mistress." I said enjoying the feel of her fingers running
through my hair. " I won't disappoint you.........or Lexy."

" You won't be given an opportunity to disappoint me again if you do
Lynne." The Mistress pulled her hand away from me as she spoke.
" Now go, Lexy's waiting for you."

" Yes Mistress." I said with a tone that I hoped showed her that I meant
what I said.

There was a soft knock on the door and I turned and saw Kelly standing
there in her little French Maid's outfit.  She threw my shoes on the floor
at my feet.

" Did you clean Lynne's shoes after you were finished with them Kelly?"

" Yes Mistress." Kelly said avoiding looking at me as she answered.

I picked my shoes up off the floor and followed Kelly down the hall and
out into the sitting room where Lexy was waiting with what looked like
a mixture of anticipation and unease.

" So I can do whatever I want with her....Right ?"  Lexy asked still not
sure why I was being given to her like this.

" You can do whatever you want with her and she will do whatever you
tell her to. Just make sure you have her back here in one piece in the
morning." Kelly said, unable to hide the enjoyment she got from saying it.

"Now come with me Lexy The Mistress wants to speak with you."

Lexy stood up nervously and followed Kelly back down the hall. A few
seconds later Kelly came back into the sitting room.

" Follow me slut !" She snapped, and I followed her out into the
foyer where we waited for Lexy. We probably only waited for a few
minutes but it seemed like hours. Kelly stared at me the whole time. A
hateful disgusted stare. I couldn't look at her. She hated me so much
for letting her take my whipping for me. And then The Mistress had used
her to demonstrate to me just what being a slave really means. There
was no hint of the affection and passion Kelly felt for me before all that
happened. But I still had those feelings for her.

Lexy had an almost smug look on her face when she finally came back
down the hall and into the foyer.

" Get the door for Lexy you little bitch." Kelly snarled at me. I opened the
door and Kelly moved close to me as Lexy walked out onto the porch, our
faces only inches apart.

" So you're a Whore's Whore now Lynne." Kelly whispered disdainfully
as she glared into my eyes.

" I'm whatever the Mistress wants me to be." I answered defiantly before
brushing past Kelly and onto the porch. Lexy was already at the bottom
of the stairs and I hurried to catch up to her.

" Come on Lynne. You're my little bitch tonight."

I followed Lexy as she weaved her way through some back streets  and
up through the Fitzroy Gardens into The Cross. As I walked along behind
her I realised I didn't even know what day it was let alone what time it
was.

It was Monday morning when the Mistress had caught me in the Brothel
in Surrey Hills. But so much had happened since then.

There was an elderly man sitting on one of the bench seats. He was
sitting up straight with both hands resting on his walking stick in front of
him as he sat and watched the odd assortment of people who make up
The Cross go by.

" Excuse me Sir." I said hoping Lexy couldn't hear me or didn't turn
around to see where I was. " Could you tell me what time it is please?"

He looked me up and down suspiciously for a few seconds, I guess I
must have looked 'normal' in my housewife dress.

" Five Twenty Three." He said in a shaky voice as  he looked at his watch.

" And it's Monday...." I knew how stupid it must have sounded to the
nice old man but there was no other way to say it.

" No its Tuesday." He said with the suspicious look returning to his face.

" Thank you." I almost had to jog to catch up with Lexy. She'd gone up
Victoria St and I didn't want to lose her in the crowd.

Lexy turned down Roslyn St and I caught up with her just as she
walked into a shop advertising Adult Toys & Novelties. It was really
crappy on the outside but quite clean and modern and well laid out
on the inside.

" You still selling those things for computers  David ? " Lexy said as she
marched up to the counter. David was an incredibly sexy blonde guy,
probably in his late 20s. He wore a really nice white silk shirt, the top few
buttons undone showing off the smooth taut skin of his chest. He
obviously worked out but his tight black trousers showed how really well
built he was.

" Stick your tongue back in your mouth Lynne." Lexy said sarcastically.
I knew I was staring at David but I didn't know it was so obvious.

" Hi Lynne."  David said in a soft sexy voice. He had  deep blue eyes that
I could stare into all night. " That's a nice dress, it really suits you."

He liked me. I felt myself blush like some silly little school girl.

" Thanks David.....I like your shirt too...." I stammered nervously and felt
myself grow even more red in the face.

" That was a stupid thing to say" I said to myself. " That's really going to
impress him."  But his face was lit up with a friendly smile.

" I'm Lynne." I stuttered, trying to cover my silly reply but he already knew
that.

" Hi Lynne, It's really nice to meet you." We just stood there staring at
each other. I knew it was my turn to say something but I couldn't think of
anything to say. I hadn't felt like this in a long time.

" What about the things for the computers David !" Lexy said, obviously
annoyed with both of us.

" Do you mean the screen savers Lexy ? " David asked. He was even
more annoyed with Lexy than she was with us. He wanted to keep flirting
with me.

" Yeah, the one's The Geek asked me about."

" You said you weren't interested. You said you weren't that desperate."

" I'm not. I don't do kinky shit like that. But she does."

I could see the disappointment on David's face. His smile disappeared
when he looked at me again. I couldn't look back at him this time. But
I could sense what he was thinking.

" Is that right Lynne ?" His voice was different when he spoke to me
this time.

" Yes." I answered softly.

" Do you know what's involved with this Lynne?" I think David was still
hoping it was some sort of misunderstanding.

" She does whatever I fucking tell her to." Lexy said savouring my
humiliation and embarrassment. " She's my little Bitch, aren't you
Lynne ?"

I could feel David's eyes on me. I didn't mind saying I was her little
bitch, in fact I liked being made to say it. I just didn't like having to
say it in front of David.

" Yes. I'm your little bitch."

" I see." David said, his voice still full of  disappointment as he realised
I was just another cheap whore like Lexy. The look on Lexy's face was
almost sickening it was so smug.

" Yes, we still do the Screen Savers." David said looking away from me.

" The Geek said a 1,000 bucks."

" The Geek said what ?" A scrawny young man with oily hair and wire
rim glasses said as he walked through a curtain behind the counter.

" You said 1,000 bucks to make them things for the computers."

" Changed your mind have you ?" He said in an irritating voice.

" No ! I don't do weird shit but she does."

The Geek looked at me with a sickly smile on his face.

"  Only 500 for her."  David said abruptly.

"  Bull Fucking Shit ! "  Lexy said angrily. " Why....."

" Because she's not all that attractive and she's got a fat arse."

The Geek looked at David with a puzzled expression on his face.  He
obviously thought I was attractive and didn't have a fat arse. But David
had a nasty streak in him that I didn't see when I looked into his eyes
earlier.

Lexy was swearing and arguing with David but he just folded his arms
and lent on the counter only half listening to Lexy's tantrum.

" $500 or the pair of you can get your slut arses back on the streets now.
I haven't got time to waste with $50 whores like you pair." David said
calmly but firmly. He'd made it clear that that was the deal. Take it or
leave it.

" Alright !" Lexy said begrudgingly. " But your a fucking cunt David...."

David ignored her and told us to follow him out the back. We walked
behind the counter and through the curtain into a large tidy room full of
shelves with videos and CDs and all sorts of Sex Toys neatly packaged
and stacked.

There was a work bench with computer equipment at the back and
David picked up a digital camera and told me to stand against the
wall beside the work bench.

The floor was bare concrete and the wall was painted black. David threw
a piece of shiny black silk material about the size of a blanket at me
and told me to spread it out on the floor.

" Just so you know what you're getting yourself into Lynne this is the sort
of screen savers we make and sell."  David still couldn't believe that I
was going to do this. He still couldn't believe that the nice woman in the
nice dress that he flirted with would do this.

As I watched the images appear on the monitor I realised that I'd
reached the point where I had to decide whether becoming The Blonde
Woman's slave was really what I wanted.

Anybody could have these sorts of pictures of me on their computers.
People I know, friends, relatives, acquaintances, anybody. They could
print them out, stick them on notice boards, E-mail them to who ever
they wanted.

The types of photo's I saw appearing on the monitor could not have been
any more explicit or degrading. Did I really want to have those sorts of
pictures of me freely available to anyone.

I could see people I know passing around those sorts of pictures of me
in offices and homes and school buses and warehouse lunchrooms and
god only knows where else.

Not even a cheap street whore like Lexy was willing to do something as
disgusting and public as this. Was I really willing to show the world what I
was. What I had become ?

David sensed my hesitation and started hitting the enter button on the
keyboard faster. One disgusting picture appeared on the screen after
the other. Each photo jolted me. Like a visually transmitted electric
current stinging me for an instant and the next stinging even more.

I just didn't know. I needed time to think but there was none. Up until
then I was sure it was what I wanted, that nothing else mattered. But
this made what I was doing hit home in a way that nothing else had.

I looked at the woman on the screen and wondered why she would ever
lower herself like that. How could she let herself be used like that ? How
could she degrade herself like that for all the world to see ?

Then a picture appeared on the screen that answered my questions.
It was a picture that had a clear shot of the pretty young woman's face.
She was smiling. Not a faked smile but the smile of a woman enjoying
what she was doing. And her eyes were so alive. So full of passion and
lust. She did it because she wanted to, because she enjoyed it. She
didn't care how others judged her.

Then another picture appeared with the pretty womans face contorted
in ecstasy. Was she in the midst of an orgasm or just on the edge, I
wasn't sure. Then the next picture appeared and she had her head
thrown back, her long dark hair sprayed around her as the camera
captured that instant of bliss that consumed her.

I thought again about people looking at pictures like that of me and what
they would think and what they would say.

" Look at this fucking slut."    " Look at the cunt on this thing."

" Wouldn't you like to fuck that !"   " Look at this sick bitch."

" I know that whore from somewhere. "     " Shit it's Lynne ! "

I felt myself getting wet as all sorts of thoughts and images ran through
my mind. I wondered why I hesitated at all. I knew what I was and what I
wanted.

I'm a slut and a whore. And I want to be the sick bitch on peoples
computers. I want disgusting pictures of me on notice boards and
handed around offices and stuck on walls. But most of all I want to be
the Blonde Womans slave.

" What do you want me to do now David ?" I said as calmly as I could,
pretending I'd never hesitated at all. He knew I really was just another
cheap slut now and he treated me accordingly after that.

He took a few pictures of me looking normal and innocent in my house
wife dress and then watched as I got undressed. He shook his head
and looked away in disgust when he saw the wet patch on the front of
my panties.

" You're a fucking hypocrite David." I thought to myself as I smiled at him
through the lens of the camera. " I know I'm just another slut posing for
disgusting pictures. But you're taking the pictures. You're going to sell
them. So what does that make you."

I would have loved to have told David what I was thinking, but it wasn't
my place to say anything. "A good slave keeps her opinions to herself
Lynne. No one cares what a slave thinks." I could hear the Mistress say.

David had me lie on the blanket and crouched between my legs and took
some close ups of my cunt. I didn't feel humiliated or embarrassed
anymore. But I was growing increasingly aroused with each click of
the camera only inches from my wet cunt.

" OK now pull yourself open as wide as you can." David said without
looking at me. I reached down and pulled my lips apart and he took a
couple of pictures.

He handed me a big black dildo and told me to stick it up myself. I
was well lubricated but the dildo was really thick and I needed to ease
it inside myself.

" Come on Lynne hurry up. I'm sure you've had plenty of big things up
there over the years. You should be well and truly stretched down there."
David said in a contemptuous tone.

" Yes I have been." I said defiantly as I shoved the rest of the dildo
inside myself in one quick motion. I did it out of spite and it hurt a bit,
but it felt good too.

David clicked away on his camera as I slid it in and out. Then he told
me to turn over so he could get some shots of my arse.

" Pull your cheeks apart so I can get some shots of your arsehole."

He gave me some KY and a smaller dildo and told me to stick it up my
arse. I lubed up the dildo and my arsehole  and moaned quietly as I
heard the camera clicking away when I slid it up my arse.

David took pictures of me standing up and squatting and bending over. I
had to stick a big green cucumber up my cunt and then a banana and
then the handle of a cricket bat.

He made me lie on my stomach with my arse in the air and stick the
handle of a wooden spoon up my arse. I had to let go of it and hold it
up by squeezing my arsehole around it. Then I had to do the same with
one of those balloons on a stick that say. " I love you." But the stick was
too thin, I couldn't hold onto it the way he wanted me to at first. It took
several attempts before I could do it right which didn't make David or
Lexy very happy.

David made me stick all sorts of things up my cunt and arse and took a
few pictures each time. I was lying on my back sucking and biting my
nipples when some guy just walked up to me and undid his jeans and
took his cock out. I had to get on my knees and suck him off while David
took some pictures and when the guy  came I had to take his cock out of
my mouth so he could cum on my face.

I had to smear the cum all over my face and lick it off my fingers as
David kept clicking away with the camera.

" Now squat down against the wall and open your legs as wide as you
can and play with yourself and pretend to cum." David said as threw me
a towel to wipe what was left of the cum off my face.

I could have cum several times but didn't let myself. I didn't want to do
anything wrong. But I couldn't have stopped myself much longer. I
reached down and started rubbing myself.

" OK, pretend to cum." David said sounding almost bored.

" I'll cum for real if you give me a minute David." I said, moaning as
I rubbed myself hard on the clit.

" Alright but hurry up and make sure you look at the camera when you
cum."

" Nearly there." I panted. " I'm nearly there." I heard the camera click
again and it pushed me over the edge.

" Fuck I'm going to cum !" I cried out.

" Look at the camera."

" I'm cumming David." I grunted as I Iooked straight into the lens of the
camera. David reached out and pulled my hands away from between
my legs.

" What are you doing ?" I moaned desperately as I tried to pull my arms
out of his grip but he held onto them tightly.

" I've got all the pictures I need Lynne."

" Oh David please, I'm cumming.....please let me cum...."

" He said it's over Lynne." I heard Lexy say and saw her standing over
me.

" OK..." I said breathlessly from the torment as my orgasm stopped
before it had really started. " Ok......"

I was light headed and a bit disoriented as I got dressed, but the fresh
air helped clear my head once we were back outside. But it did nothing
to cool the fire between my legs.

" You're one sick fucking bitch !" Lexy said as she walked ahead of me.

Her words only made me need to cum even more than I already did.
She had no understanding of how much pleasure the look on her face
gave me. I was a whore's whore Kelly had said and I loved it. Just the
phrase whore's whore makes my juices flow.

I never said anything to her. I just followed along behind her. I'd go where
ever she took me and do whatever she wanted me to do. She knew that
now.

Lexy walked ahead of me and turned left up William St. I felt strange
when I saw the spot where I had stood trying to sell myself to every man
that walked by. There was another whore standing in my spot offering
herself to the men that passed her. I should have still been there. If I'd
been a good whore for The Mistress I would have still been there making
money for her.

Lexy said something that I didn't hear to the whore who had replaced me
as she pushed past her.

" Yeah well Fuck You Lexy !" The other whore yelled. I didn't look at her
as I followed Lexy up the stairs. The same dirty smelly stair way that I had
walked up as a whore so many times in just a few days.

Lexy walked up to a door marked 1A off to her left and bashed the door
hard a few times with her fist. The door swung open and a huge man
stood there looking suspiciously at Lexy.

" What the fuck do you want Lexy ?" His voice was deep and loud.

" I'm here to pay the rent Garry."

" Rents not due till Friday. What's going on...."

" My little friend Lynne here is going to pay my rent for me." Lexy stood
back so the fat man could see me. It was obvious he liked what he saw
but he was still suspicious.

" She looks like a fucking Avon lady Lexy. Why's she paying ya rent..."

" It doesn't matter why Garry. But I reckon she's worth 3 weeks rent
on the fucking rat hole upstairs..."

" There's plenty of whores who would take your " Fuck Room" if you don't
want it Lexy. And this bitch aint worth three weeks rent."

" Come on Garry look at her." Lexy grabbed me and pulled me over till
I was standing right in front of the big fat man. " Christ Garry, she's
almost a virgin."

Garry looked me up and down for a while considering how many weeks
rent I was worth.

" Two weeks rent." He said abruptly and turned around and walked off
towards another room inside the flat.

" Here." Lexy said as she passed me a few condoms. " Make sure he
wears one of these once you get him hard. I don't want him getting a
taste for it without a rubber."

I took the condoms off Lexy and followed Garry as he waddled into
another room. The top of his huge bum hung out of the back of his grotty
denim jeans and rolls of fat strained against his blue singlet. I don't
think I've ever seen a fatter more unattractive  man in my life. I wasn't
sure what I was going to have to do for him. I hoped I only had to fuck
him, and that I could be on top.

The bedroom was small and messy and smelly like the rest of the flat.

" Get me hard." He said with a nicotine grin. I knelt in front of
him and undid the zipper and button on his jeans and  tried to pull them
down. They fell to the floor easily once I got them over his huge bum
and I helped him step out of them.

He didn't have any underpants on and I could hardly see his cock or
balls underneath the rolls of fat that hung down in front of him.

He had a small cock for such a huge man and it was difficult to get
at it. I managed to push my face between his fat thighs and get it into
my mouth.

" Get him nice and hard slut." Lexy's voice told me how much she was
enjoying watching me do this to the big fat ugly man.

" How many times have YOU done this with him Lexy ?" I thought to
myself. But I didn't want to look at her. I didn't want her to see how
much I hated what she was making me do.

Garry started rocking back and forth sliding his cock in and out of my
mouth as it grew harder. I just grabbed the sides of his legs and held on
with my eyes closed trying to imagine I was some where else. Some
where with The Blonde Woman, my Mistress. And as soon as I started to
think about her I felt different. I wasn't doing this for Lexy, and I wasn't
doing this for Garry. I was doing this for my Mistress.

I could see her standing there watching me sucking on the huge man's
little cock and it made me feel good. It made me wet again.

I was still as horny as hell from posing for those disgusting photo's. I
would never have thought it possible for anyone to actually enjoy sex
with someone like Garry, but I knew I was going to enjoy it.

When he was hard Garry pushed my head away and told me to get
undressed and get up on the bed. I did a bit of a striptease thing for him.

I danced around a bit as I undid the zip on the back of my dress and
slowly pulled it off my shoulders and slid it down my body to my thighs
and then let it fall to the floor.

I played with myself for a while. Rubbing myself between the legs and
squeezing my tits through my  bra. Garry just stood there ogling me with
an almost dazed look on his face.

I sat on the bed and took my pantyhose off and then stood up again and
slowly slid my panties down my legs and left them dangling off one foot
before kicking them away.

Garry was almost drooling when he saw my wet shaved pussy.

I turned around and bent over showing off my arse and then looked back
at Garry over my shoulder and asked him to help me with my bra. He ran
his clammy fat hands  over my body and I felt his hot smelly breath on
my neck as he started biting and kissing me on my neck and shoulders.

He fumbled with the strap on my bra but his fat fingers were unable to
undo the little clips.

" Here, let me do it for you Garry." I said as I turned around and reached
behind myself to undo my bra. Garry grabbed my tits roughly with his
huge hands as soon as they fell out of the lacy cups.

I held his head tenderly as he grabbed at my stiff nipples with his mouth.
He sucked and bit on them hard and I moaned softly.

" Fuck me Garry." I whispered into his ear and he almost threw me onto
the bed.

I positioned myself for him with my legs wide open and rubbed myself
between my legs. The sound of my wetness filled the room.

The bed sunk suddenly as Garry lowered his huge frame onto it. The bed
creaked and sunk further as he crawled over and positioned himself
between my legs.

" I'll have to put a rubber on you Garry." I said as nicely as I could,
trying not to look at what I was about to fuck. He grabbed one of the
condoms out of my hand and ripped open the foil packet and quickly
rolled it up his  cock.

The bed rocked almost violently as he positioned himself to enter me.
It took him several attempts before he could get his stomach and his
cock into a position in which he could put his cock inside me.

My cunt was dripping wet and his cock slid easily inside me. I grunted
loudly as he lowered his body on top of mine forcing the air out of my
lungs. His breath smelt of beer and cigarettes and I was almost
glad that I could hardly breath with his huge weight on top of me.

The bed rocked and creaked as he started fucking me. I ran my hands
over his big arms and shoulders as I felt his cock sliding in and out of
me.

Each thrust of his huge body forced me to exhale and he fucked me with
a rhythm governed more by momentum than anything. It was the most
unpleasant and uncomfortable sex I've ever had, but I needed it.

I'd been so close to cumming when David stopped me out of spite. I
was going to make the most of whatever man and cock I was allowed
to have.

"Oh God Fuck Me Garry.....Fuck me faster" I panted as the orgasm I
was denied before swelled inside me again. Garry was grunting and
dribbling as he fucked me as fast and as hard as he could.

I grabbed the sides of his enormous arse and tried to help him fuck me
faster. I wanted to thrust my body up against his but I couldn't move
under his weight.

He was grunting louder and I knew he was going to cum.

" Oh God Not Yet Garry." I moaned desperately. " Wait for me. Keep
fucking me and I'll cum with you. I'm nearly there Garry. Please keep
fucking me...."

But Garry couldn't wait. He let out a loud groan as his cock started filling
the condom with his cum.

" Oh God No...." I cried out. I was so close. I closed my eyes and
imagined my Mistress was standing there watching Garry fuck me. I
imagined her playing with her beautiful wet pussy. I came as my
Mistress slid a finger inside herself.

But I came more from desperation than stimulation. My orgasm was just
a teasing taste of what it could have been if I'd had someone who could
fuck me properly. I was still cumming when Garry collapsed on top of me
forcing the breath and what was left of my orgasm out of me.

I moaned loudly one more time . A moan of pleasure and frustration at
the same time. My body thrust itself up against Garry's trying desperately
to hold onto the orgasm that I needed so badly. I tried to reach between
my legs to touch myself but I couldn't get my hand between our bodies.

I whimpered softly almost pathetically as Garry lay slumped on top of
me and I gave into the inevitable. I couldn't breath or move with the
full weight of Garry's body pushing down on me.

After what seemed an eternity he dragged himself up off me and sort
of rolled off the bed.

" Come on bitch. you've got things to do." Lexy said as she turned and
walked out behind Garry. I almost ran around the room picking up my
clothes and got dressed as quickly as I could. I was still doing up the
zipper on my dress and trying to adjust my pantyhose as I followed Lexy
back down the stairs.

She headed down William Street and across the road into Porky's, a strip
club I'd been to before with my husband when I was a very different
woman. But she didn't go down the stairs into the strip part she went up
the stairs where the peep booths are.

The man with the tattoos and the Italian accent behind the counter
wanted a 60/40 split his way but he and Lexy ended up agreeing on a
50/50 split.

After the financial arrangements had been settled Lexy said she'd be
back for me in a few hours and disappeared down the stairs.

The man with the tattoos led me up a few steps and into a room behind
the "stage" where the girls worked the booths.

" Give us a look at ya." He said in a disinterested tone. I undid my dress
and pulled it off over my shoulders. His facial expression didn't change
when I slid my panties off and he saw my shaved pussy. There probably
wasn't much he hadn't seen.

" You got fucking big tits," Was all he said as I undid my bra and stood
naked in front of him. " Here put these on." He said throwing me a pair of
G-String Leopard Skin panties. It was obvious another woman had been
wearing them earlier.

Once I had the panties on he led me to a door  that opened onto the
back of the stage. He pointed at the row of windows that looked out
onto the stage. There were about ten of them.

The windows were about a metre or so above the floor. There was a
woman standing in front of one of the windows rubbing her cunt up
against the glass and I could just make out the face of a man in the dark
booth behind the glass.

" It's simple." The tattooed man said. " They put two bucks into the
slot and the screen slides down so they can see in. When you see the
screen open get your arse over there and flash a bit of tit and pussy
at them. You gotta get them to slide money through the slot. Tell them
whatever they want to hear and do whatever they want you to do but
get as much money through the slot as you can. They gotta keep
putting coins in to keep the screen down so keep them interested as
long as you can. And the rooms behind here are for private shows. You
gotta get them to want to see you put on a private show for them. Tell
them $30 and get it off them before you take them into the room. But
the $30 only gives them 5 minutes and no sex. If they want to fuck you
it's another $50. There's condoms and stuff in the rooms but whatever
they want the main thing is to get them off as quick as you can and
get your arse back out there. Do you understand ?"

" Yes I understand." I said with more than a hint of sarcasm. I wanted to
add " I know you think I'm just a whore and a slut but I'm not stupid."
But I didn't.

One of the screens slid down and he smacked me on the arse and said.
" Go do your stuff."

Most of the men on the other side of the window were either really old
or really young. This was the lowest and cheapest way for a bloke to get
off or for a woman to make money. Even the Strippers downstairs
and the street whores looked down their noses at the women that
worked the booths. That's what Jan, the other woman working the
booths told me. She was quite an attractive woman, slim and pretty. I
could only guess why she lowered herself to do this.

Jan obviously hated every minute of it but I was enjoying myself. Most
of them just wanted me to rub my cunt on the glass for them. Some
of them jerked off while I did. Others just pretended to lick my cunt
or the trail of juice I left on the glass.

Some of them would pay $5 others $10 but no more than ten. A few
guys wanted me to bend over and spread my cheeks so they could see
my arsehole. I would have liked it if there were  a few more men who
wanted me to do that.

Not many were interested in a private show. I did a few. But they were
just young guys who jerked off watching me finger myself. They all
came very quickly.

I'd had a few couples pay to watch me through the glass. It was their
idea of being naughty. But none of them stayed for long. It was all too
sleazy for couples I think.

I don't know how long I'd been there but I was really enjoying myself.
Even as the old Lynne I was a bit of an exhibitionist, as the woman I was
now I loved showing myself off. Rubbing my wet cunt on the glass with
horny men on the other side watching me just made me wetter. I'd
nearly cum rubbing myself on the glass a couple of times.

One of the screens slid down and I moved over and danced around in
front of the window for a few seconds and then bent down and put my
face near the glass.

" Hi honey. Slip $10 through the little slot and I'll take my panties off
and rub my big wet cunt on the glass for you."

" How are you Lynne ?" The voice sent a cold shiver down my spine. I
knew the voice. I just couldn't put a face to it. I squinted trying to see
who it was in the dark behind the glass.

" Does your husband know you're doing this?"

The voice was so familiar. But I just couldn't put a name to it.

" Who are you ?" I said nervously.

" It doesn't matter does it Lynne ? My money's as good as anybody else's
isn't it. Now rub your cunt on the glass for me Lynne."

I saw a $10 bill poking through the slot.  I moved away from the window
and called out to Jan. She dragged herself over to the window and took
the $10 and slid her panties down and started rubbing herself against
the glass, staring off into space as she did.

" Who is it ?" I kept asking myself. The voice was so familiar. Was it
a neighbour or someone I had worked with or a relative ? It was
definitely some one I knew very well. For a moment I thought it might
have been my brother in law but it couldn't be. I was still trying to
think, trying to put a name to the voice when the door behind me
burst open and the man with the tattoos stormed in and grabbed me
by the arm and started yelling and swearing at me. Who ever it was in
the booth had complained about me and the man with the tattoos was
furious.

" Please you're hurting me." I said as he threw me up against the wall.

" I'll fucking hurt you in a minute bitch ! Now get your slut arse over
there and give the bloke what he paid for."

" OK Ok I will..." I cried out as he grabbed my hair and bashed my head
up against the wall.

" I don't want to hear any more complaints about you. Do you
understand slut ?"

" Yes I understand You won't get any more complaints...."

He pushed me up against the wall one more time before letting me go.

My heart was racing and beads of perspiration had appeared on my
forehead. I had a vision of the man with the tattoos pulling out a
flick knife and holding it against my throat. I had to remember where I
was and what sort of people I was mixing with and what they were
capable of.

I took a few deep breaths and tried to calm myself down. Then I heard
the screen slide down and I saw the silhouette of the man in the booth
behind the glass. Slowly I walked over to the window, still trying to figure
out who it was.

" I've always wondered what your cunt looks like underneath those
short skirts you wear Lynne."

I should have known who it was. I should have been able to put a face to
the voice it was so familiar, but when I closed my eyes and listened to his
voice no face appeared in my mind, I don't know why but I just couldn't
put a name to the voice.

" I didn't think I'd have to complain to your pimp to get you to do what
you're paid to do Lynne." He said as he poked a $10 bill through the
little slot. " Now show me that nice big cunt of yours Lynne."

I took the $10 off him and put it in my money tin on the floor. Maybe
it was someone from the mall where I shopped. The News Agent or the
Butcher. I'd seen the way some of those men had looked at me in the
past. It could have been, but I really didn't know, I was only guessing and
it didn't really matter now anyway.

I felt his eyes on me as I slid the Leopard Skin panties off and moved
closer to the window.

" I always knew you'd have big cunt lips Lynne. I could see the outline of
them in those tight jeans you wear sometimes. But I didn't know you
shaved your cunt. I really like your big cunt Lynne, I knew I would. I
just never expected it would only take $10 to see it. You could have
shown me your cunt years ago if I knew that. I've usually got $10 on
me."

The way he was talking to me and the familiar sound of his voice  had
the effect on me that I was afraid it would. It made me wet. I could feel
my lips and clit swelling as I pushed myself against the glass.

" Look at that big clit of yours. I knew you'd have a big clit Lynne and
I've waited a long time to see it."

I started sliding my cunt over the glass, smearing it with my juices.

" Now turn around and bend over and show me that pretty pink arse
hole of yours Lynne."

I moaned softly when I heard him say it and again as I bent over and
pulled the cheeks of my arse apart.

" I bet you like it up the arse don't you Lynne ?"

" Yes. I love it up the arse."  I said to myself with my eyes closed enjoying
the humiliation and the mystery of what was happening.

" Now turn around and rub that big wet cunt of yours on the glass again
so I can pretend to lick it."

My legs were shaking as I pushed myself hard up against the glass again.
I tried not to enjoy it. I tried with every ounce of will I had not to let it
happen the way I knew it would. But my body won the battle with my
mind.

But I didn't care anymore. I had been holding in the sounds I so badly
needed to make as I felt my cunt sliding over the cold glass. I started
moaning loudly and Jan wandered over to see if I was alright.

When she saw the look on my face and realised what it meant her
face was filled with the same look of disgust and contempt that so
many people had looked at me with lately. Jan backed away from me as
if  I was diseased, as if she could catch whatever it was that was wrong
with me. All the time I was pushing myself harder against the glass. He
was still talking to me but I couldn't hear everything he said.

" Oh God No ! " I panted softly a few times as I felt it about to happen.

Then the voice said. " Is that your cunt juice all over the glass Lynne ? "
And that's when I came. Jan watched me as my body bucked and my
head thrashed from side to side as I moaned in ecstasy. Seeing the
disgusted look on Jan's face just made me cum harder.

It took me a while to catch my breath after my orgasm was complete,
and I bent down to have another look in the booth at the man I knew
but didn't recognise. He was gone.

Jan never spoke to me again after that. She went off to do a private
show for an ugly couple and I never saw her again. Lexy turned up a
few minutes later and before I knew it we were back on the streets of
The Cross. The fresh night air helped clear my head.

I don't know how long I'd been in the booth or how much money I'd
made for Lexy but she seemed happy enough with the rolls of notes
she put into her bag.

For the rest of the night Lexy used me to settle debts, earn some
favours and make a few quick dollars. It was an experience beyond
anything I could have imagined.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 14. A NIGHT IN THE SHADOWS. PART 1

For the rest of the night Lexy used me to settle debts, earn some
favours and make a few quick dollars. It was an experience beyond
anything I could have imagined.

I followed her back down Victoria St and into one of the sex toy shops
which even I knew was a shooting gallery.

" You seen The Leach or any of his lot ?" Lexy said to the small Asian
man behind the counter full of vibrators and nipple clamps and all sorts
of interesting things.

" Yeah The Leach is in watching a porno...."

" Which room ?" Lexy said as she headed for a doorway with a dirty
blue velvet curtain across it.

" Three." The little Asian man said  disinterestedly.

I followed Lexy into the small room behind the curtain. There were
rows and rows of really heavy porn video's. The covers showed pictures
of men pissing into the open mouths of seemingly eager women and
women tied up and being whipped upside down or having candle wax
dripped on them or pegs  clamped onto their pussy's and nipples.

" You're probably into all this aren't you ! " Lexy said looking at the
covers of the video's and then at me. It's hard to describe what it feels
like when a cheap street whore like Lexy looks at you with a disgusted
look on her face. I didn't answer her, I didn't need to.

Lexy's face was full of contempt for me, she turned away as if she
couldn't stand to look at me. She didn't understand what it was that
had made me into what I had become. How could she, I didn't
understand it myself.

Lexy opened a door at the back of the small video display room and I
followed her into a dimly lit hallway. The sounds of women crying out
in ecstasy filled the air. But they were only the sounds of porn actresses
coming from the rooms down the hall where men sat and watched
porno movies for $5 and jerked off.

Lexy walked up to a door with a pitted old brass " 3 " on it and opened
the door and walked in. The room wasn't much more than a cupboard.
Just enough room for a TV against one wall and a grotty two seater couch
against the other with a crappy old lamp table beside it with a box of
tissues and a tube of KY on it.

The man sitting on the couch looked old but I sensed he wasn't as
old as he looked. He didn't flinch as we barged in. He turned and
looked at Lexy and then back to the TV screen where he watched a
close up of a woman frantically eating the shaved pussy of another
woman.

The man never stopped jerking off his big uncircumcised cock either.

" Hey Leach." Lexy said trying to get his  attention. He had a drawn
gaunt face with two or three days growth on it. His clothes looked like
they were from an opp shop. An old grey cardigan over a dirty white
shirt and black track pants around his ankles as he sat there jerking
himself off.

" She's selling." Lexy said gesturing towards me.  I had to look away
when he looked at me and sort of smiled. He had no teeth and one eye
looked off at an angle.

" I can't fuck this.......thing." I said to myself. Knowing full well I'd have
to
if Lexy wanted me to. Lexy grabbed my arm and pulled me closer to
" The Leach. "

I could feel his eyes on me but I still couldn't look at him. I could see
his hand out of the corner of my eye, still moving up and down as he
jerked off.

" How much." He coughed as he spoke.

" How much you got Leach ?" Lexy said. She was really enjoying herself.

" Dunno." Leach said as he reached into the pocket of his cardigan
and pulled out some notes and a few coins. Lexy took two 20s off him
and gave him back the rest.

" Forty bucks. Sound fair Leach ?" Lexy said showing him the two
20s.

" Yeah...I suppose."

I wanted to run out of the smelly little room and away from this pathetic
smelly little man, But I knew I'd never see The Blonde Woman again if I
did. I had no choice. I was going to have to fuck this......man. I was going
to have to fuck him for forty dollars.

" Take your pantyhose and panties off Lynne." Lexy said in a voice that
reeked with contempt and amusement. There was no point wasting time
stalling. The sooner I got this over with the better.

I stepped out of my shoes and slid my panty hose off and then pulled
my panties down and stepped out of them. All the time I kept waiting
for Lexy to pass me a condom. " Please let me at least use a condom."
I kept saying to myself.

" Give Leach your panties Lynne." Lexy said with a strange look on her
face. I didn't get it at first. Leach reached over and grabbed my panties
off me and  started rubbing them over his face.

" And the silks." Leach spluttered. " I get the silks too right..."

" Give him your panty hose too Lynne." Lexy said and I passed them to
him. I'd finally caught on. I wasn't going to have to fuck him. Lexy was
just selling him my under wear. But she knew I thought I was going to
have to fuck him.

I felt faint and giddy by the time we got back out on the street. Lexy
stopped suddenly and turned and looked at me. Her face just full of
confusion and disbelief now.

" You would have fucked Leach wouldn't you Lynne ?"

" Yes." I said as defiantly as I could. " If you wanted me to I would have."

" Why ?" Lexy's voice echoed the disbelief on her face.

" Because the Mistress told me to do whatever you said Miss."

Lexy stood there just staring at me. I met her gaze and refused to let
myself look away. Eventually Lexy slowly shook her head and her eyes
drifted away from mine. She didn't understand and she didn't want to
understand. She had me for the night and she'd use me while she could.
In the end that's all that really mattered to her.

After the thing with The Leach, Lexy  took me down Macleay St to what
looked like a nice apartment block where a reasonably good looking
middle aged man paid Lexy $200 to watch me stand in the shower
and urinate while he sat on the toilet and jerked off. I had to spread my
legs and my pussy lips wide so he could get a good view of me. And I had
to urinate just as he came.

Then Lexy took me back up to The Cross and down Roslyn St into a small
run down shop that seemed to sell general grocery items. A large middle
aged man with oily black hair and a thick black moustache started
yelling at Lexy as soon as we walked in. I didn't understand much of
what he said, he spoke with a heavy middle eastern accent and not
everything he said seemed to be in English. He reached under the
counter and pulled out a piece of paper and was waving the paper
and his arms around.

" One Hundred Twenty Seven Dollar ! " He started saying over and over.
Obviously Lexy owed him money.

" She take's it up the arse." Lexy said and the man suddenly went quiet
and turned and looked at me. I didn't like the look in his eyes. He looked
like one of those fanatical Saddam Hussain supporters you see on the
news. That's the best way I can describe the look in his eyes. Irrational,
dangerous.

" You. Come here." His English was much better when he spoke at me.

Before I knew it I was behind the counter bent over a stool with my dress
up over my back as he examined my arse. " Very good. Very good."
He said a few times as he ran his hands over the cheeks of my arse and
roughly poked my arse hole with his finger.

I heard the rattle of the beads that hung down over the doorway into
the shop. A young guy in dirty denim jeans and a leather jacket walked
into the shop.

" Hey Asiff ! What's happening man." He had a real spaced out look
about him. I wanted to cover myself at first, but  enjoyed knowing that I
couldn't.

" You like ?" Asiff said proudly as he patted me on the arse.

" Yeah....Nice piece of pussy Asiff." The young guy said as he watched
Asiff spread the cheeks of my arse wide apart.

" Give us a foil will ya Asiff."

" You got money ?"

" Yeah Yeah I got money." The young guy's speech was slurred and he
fumbled through the pocket of his jacket and threw two 50s on the
counter. Asiff reached under the counter and threw a small rolled up
piece of Aluminium foil onto the counter.

" Enjoy Enjoy" Asiff said smiling.

" You too Asiff." The young guy said as he looked down at me and then
picked the packet of heroin off the counter and wandered back out onto
the streets.

The little shop went quiet all of a sudden as Asiff admired my arse and
ran his hands over me. The silence was broken by the sound of the
metal zipper on Asiff's jeans being pulled down.

Asiff pushed me around until I was in the position he wanted me. I
looked up at the door to the shop. Lexy saw me.

" That's the least of your worries Lynne. Asiff isn't exactly gentle."

I jumped as I felt something cold on my arse. It was a cream of some
sort. " At least he's lubricating me first." I thought to myself. Then
I felt his cock pushing hard against my arse hole. It didn't feel like he
had a condom on but I didn't want to turn around and look at him.

It hurt a bit at first as he slid his cock up my arse but my body soon
adjusted to take his size. Lexy was right, he wasn't at all gentle. But I
liked it any way. I had no shame, no dignity left. I was staring out
through the door hoping some one would come in and see what I was
doing. My body started to move in rhythm with his. I reached down
between my legs and started rubbing my clit as Asiff fucked me faster
and harder. I came when he did. I didn't even try fighting it this time. I
couldn't help how good Asiff's cock felt up my arse and I couldn't stop
my hand from rubbing myself between the legs, I didn't want to anyway.
I made more noise when we came than Asiff did.

It had only been a short time since I'd had an orgasm with big fat Garry
and another in the peep booth with the man that knew me. But there
seemed no limit to the amount of pleasure my body wanted and needed
now. The more I came the more I wanted and needed to cum.

I think the raw physical pleasure I've enjoyed over the past few weeks  is
a part of my  addiction to the Blonde Woman and part of my obsession to
become her slave. There is a lot more to it than that, but the intensity
and the frequency of the physical pleasure I receive at the hands of The
Blonde Woman is definitely a part of it.

Asiff gave me a towel to clean myself up with after he'd finished and
ripped up Lexy's account for $127.00. I straightened myself up without
looking at either Lexy or Asiff. No woman should have cum being used
like that but I did. I wasn't ashamed that I had but I knew they thought
I should have been.

Lexy didn't speak to me as we walked back down Victoria Rd. When we
got to the Fitzroy Gardens Park she told me to wait in a very dimly lit area
near the fountain.

The park benches were littered with old men that people used to call
bums, but now called " The Homeless." I grew increasingly nervous and
edgy the longer Lexy was gone.

Then I heard footsteps coming towards me. I spun around and was
relieved to see two policeman walking towards me.

" Follow us Lynne." One of them said as they walked past me. I looked
around anxiously as I followed behind them like an obedient dog. No
questions, no hesitation I just did as the two men told me to.

I followed them through the park and  into Kings Cross Police Station.

" What interview rooms are available Mick ?" One of them said to the
Policeman behind the counter.

" Take C." Mick answered with a knowing smirk on his face.

Interview room C had a table in the middle with a few chairs around it
and a couch against a wall under what I assumed was a two way mirror.
It was on the couch that the two policeman and three others took turns
to fuck me. None of them wore condoms and my cunt and thighs were
covered in cum by the time they were all finished with me. Lexy wasn't
going to be hassled by the NSW Police for a while now.

Mick was the last one to fuck me and I asked him for something to clean
myself up with when he was finished but he just laughed at me and told
me to get dressed and get out before they arrested me and kept me for a
few days.

I didn't understand why they wouldn't give me a rag or something to
clean myself with. I found out why a few minutes later.

Lexy was waiting for me when I walked out of the Police Station and
she quickly headed off down the steps and into Ward Avenue when she
saw me. I could feel the sticky cum between my legs and running down
my thighs as I followed after Lexy. She walked into the Foyer of what
used to be The Camelot Inn but had been refurbished into expensive
apartments.

She pressed the buzzer for 4B and a deep female voice answered.


The woman who opened the door to 4B was smoking a cigarette and
looked to be in her late 40s early 50s. She was dressed in a white silk
robe and wore lots of expensive jewellery. Just one of the rings on her
finger would have been worth more than my car, the old Lynne's car.

She was reasonably attractive for a woman her age. Lots of expensive
face creams and lots of time spent at the beauty parlour. But she'd
bleached her shoulder length hair blonde too often.

Her eyes darted over me excitedly as Lexy told her about the five men
that had just fucked me and how none of them had used condoms.
I could see the passion growing in her eyes as she listened.

" Very good Lexy. Very Very good." She said in that deep voice. Then
she handed Lexy a roll of bills, but I didn't see how much she'd paid for
me. " Wait outside Lexy. You.....Come with me."

I followed her into her bedroom and then into the adjoining bathroom.
She made me take off my dress and lie on the cold tiled floor, with my
head beside the toilet and told me to spread my legs. Then she knelt
down between my legs and started licking the drying cum off my thighs.

She slid a hand inside her robe and started playing with herself as she
hungrily cleaned me with her tongue. I moaned softly the first time her
tongue stabbed at my cunt.

" Don't you cum you dirty little slut !" She yelled at me as her tongue
lapped away between my legs and on my thighs.

How could she expect my body not to respond ? How could I not cum if
she was going to keep licking and sucking on my cunt like that ?

Her breathing was getting heavier and her hand was moving  faster
under her robe as she buried her tongue deep inside me. I wanted
to cry out, to let myself go and enjoy what she was doing but some how
I had to fight off the urges that were swelling inside me.

I looked up at her head bobbing up and down between my thighs and
tried to think of some thing else. I tried to think how pathetic this woman
was. How she was an even dirtier slut than I was. How she was even
more pathetic than I was. But those thoughts just made me wetter.

It seemed to take an eternity for her to lick me clean. To lick every drop
of the cum off my body, but some how I managed to hang on. When
she'd licked every last drop off me and all that was left was the shiny
glow from her saliva she lent back and stared down at me, at my cunt.

Her hand was almost a blur as she rubbed herself faster and harder
and licked her lips and rolled her tongue around in her mouth.

Suddenly she grunted loudly and buried her face between my legs as
she came. Her orgasm went on and on. Wave after wave of pleasure
made her body twitch and shudder.

Her orgasm had only just started to ebb away when she yelled at me
to get out. " Get out you filthy little whore get out...." She screamed at
me turning her head away so I couldn't see her face.

I grabbed my dress and shoes and almost ran out into the loungeroom.

" She's a real fucking sicko. Isn't she Lynne ?" Lexy said as I closed the
door to 4B behind me. " She's almost as fuckin weird as you."

Lexy thought her comment would sting me but it didn't. But it did make
me think. " Is that what I'll be like in twenty years time ?"

I was surprised and confused when Lexy pressed the " up " button on
the lift. She looked at me waiting for me to ask her why we were going up
instead of back down to the lobby. But I didn't ask. She obviously had
something else or someone else for me to do.

Lexy rang the door bell on 6C and the door opened almost immediately.

" Your late." A tallish woman with long Strawberry blonde hair said. She
seemed a bit nervous, on edge.

" Yeah well shit happens Mrs Stevenson." Lexy said casually as she
walked into the apartment and motioned for me to follow her. Lexy
had obviously made arrangements with these people. How many
appointments had Lexy made for me I wondered.

" This is Lynne Mrs Stevenson. What do you think ?"

Mrs Stevenson looked me over for quite a while before she answered.

" Not bad Lexy...She's no beauty queen but she's not bad at all....."

Mrs Stevenson wasn't bad either. She was probably in her early 30s.
She wore a pretty knee length floral summer dress. Her long shiny hair
fell over the soft skin of her shoulders and the top of the dress hugged
her tightly around her large breasts.

She seemed like a normal housewife type of woman, but so did I. She
handed Lexy an envelope and took my hand gently and said.

" Come with me sweetheart, it's time for your bath."

" Be a good little girl for Mrs Stevenson Lynne." Lexy said before leaving
the apartment.

" Yes, I'll be a good little girl." I said hoping it was what I was suppose to
say. Judging by the expression on Mrs Stevenson's face it was.

She led me into the bathroom where she had a big bubble bath waiting.
She stood behind me and slowly undid the zipper on my dress and
eased it down my body.

" Where are your panties Lynne ?" She said firmly when she saw my
bare arse. " Good little girls always wear panties Lynne."

" I'm sorry Mrs Stevenson. I must have forgotten to put them on."

" That's alright Lynne. You can borrow a pair of mine."

" Thank you Mrs Stevenson." I said more confidently as she helped me
step out of my dress. I had a better idea of what this woman wanted
from me.

" You've got very large breasts for a little girl Lynne." Mrs Stevenson
said as she stood behind me and undid my bra. I thought I heard her
moan softly as she slid my bra off and her hands faintly brushed over my
nipples.

She helped me into the warm foaming bath and tenderly washed every
part of me with a soft pink sponge. It was me who moaned quietly as
she kept running the sponge up my thighs and between my legs.

My whole body glowed pink from the hot water when she helped me
out of the bath and gently dried me with a fluffy white towel.

" Come with me Lynne." Mrs Stevenson said as she took my hand and
led me into the adjoining bedroom. She sat me in a chair in front of a
mirrored dressing table. The white cane seat was cold against my bare
skin and I gasped softly.

I watched Mrs Stevenson in the mirror as she brushed my long hair and
tied it into pig tails. I could see the passion in her dark brown eyes as she
ran the brush tenderly through my hair. Every so often her eyes would
steal a glance between my legs, so I opened my legs a little to give her
a better view.

When she had the pig tails the way she wanted them she put the brush
down and ran her fingers through my hair as she admired me in the
mirror.

" Come on Lynne, it's time I fed you."

She led me over to a large white cane chair with a large leaf shaped back
on it in the corner near the window. She let go of my hand and sat
down and gestured for me to sit on her lap.

She opened her legs slightly so my weight was on the chair and cradled
me in her arms. " Are you hungry Lynne ?"
" Yes Mrs Stevenson. I'm very hungry. Would you feed me please ?" I
answered. She closed her eyes and moaned softly as if my words had
caressed her between the legs. It was what she wanted me to say.

" You know what to do Lynne." Mrs Stevenson said motioning at her
breasts with her eyes.

" Thank you Mrs Stevenson." I said as I reached up and slowly untied the
straps on her dress and rolled the top down over her large breasts. She
licked her lips in nervous excitement as I did.

" That's a good little girl." She whispered.

She wore a maternity bra. I'd seen friends of mine use them and reached
up and undid the little clips and her breasts fell out of the cups.

Drops of breast milk leaked from her nipples. They were hard and
swollen and a deep red almost purple colour.

" That's a good little girl Lynne." She whispered again as I took her
left nipple in my mouth and gently sucked her milk from her breasts.
She moaned softly as I suckled on her. Her milk was slightly bitter, but
it tasted sweet.

Suddenly I felt her body grow tense. " I've never hurt anybody Lynne. I
only ever pay women to do this to me. Adult women."

Mrs Stevenson obviously carried a sense of guilt with her about her
particular fetish. But I could tell she'd never hurt anybody, I knew she'd
always paid to satisfy her needs before she said it.

But she obviously wanted me to know she'd never hurt anybody to
satisfy her desires. And she wasn't hurting anybody now. I was enjoying
feeding on her warm breast milk, and I'd enjoy anything else she wanted
me to do for her.

" I know that Mrs Stevenson." I said softly as I looked into her eyes. " But
I'm still hungry. Will you feed me some more please ?"

She smiled at me and closed her eyes in anticipation. " Yes Lynne. I'll
feed you some more."

She moaned softly again as I wrapped my lips around her swollen nipple
and sucked the milk from her breasts.

" That's a good girl Lynne." She whispered. " That's a very good little girl.

She moaned as I moved my mouth from one nipple to the other. Her
moans growing louder the longer I sucked on her. Suddenly she flinched
in the seat.

" You bit me Lynne you naughty little girl !"  She said angrily as she
looked down at me. I hadn't bitten her but I knew what to say.

" I'm sorry Mrs Stevenson, I won't do it again."

" You better not Lynne or you'll have to be punished. Bad little girls have
to be punished."

" I know Mrs Stevenson. I won't bite you again I promise." I lifted her
right breast to my lips and wrapped my lips around her swollen nipple
again and sucked some more of her warm milk into my  mouth.

Mrs Stevenson was moaning loudly now and squirming in the seat. I
took her nipple between my teeth and bit it hard.

" You bad little girl !" She yelled at me as the pain stung her. " I'm going
to have to punish you now."

" I'm sorry Mrs Stevenson. I know I have to be punished. I was a bad
little girl to bite you again."

Mrs Stevenson told me to lie across her lap on my stomach so she could
punish me. She held onto my head by the pig tails she'd tied my hair
into and started running her hand over my thighs and arse.

The slap of her hand on the cheek of my bare arse made me flinch.

" This is what happens to bad little girls Lynne."

" I know I was a bad little girl Mrs Stevenson. I know you have to punish
me."

She spanked me a lot harder than I thought she would. My arse was
stinging and glowing red by the time she was finished punishing me
and her face was as flushed as mine.

" Now we better get you some panties and put you to bed." She said
and I lifted myself off her lap and watched her walk over to her dresser
beside her bed. She took out a pair of her cotton underpants. They had
little yellow daisy's on them and she watched me put them on.

" Now it's time for your nap Lynne." She said as she took my hand and
led me over to her bed.

" Do you want me to lie with you for a while Lynne ?" Mrs Stevenson
said as she tenderly stroked my face.

" Yes please Mrs Stevenson. I get scared on my own."

Mrs Stevenson slid out of her dress and stood in front of me. She had on
a pair of the same cotton panties with the daisy's that she'd lent me.


She enjoyed me looking at her body for a few minutes and then lied on
the bed beside me and wrapped her arms around me.

" Are you still hungry Lynne ?" She said after a few minutes.

" Yes I am Mrs Stevenson, would you feed me again please."

She sat up and rested her back against some pillows and I laid across
her lap and eagerly grabbed one of her nipples with my mouth.

" You are a hungry little girl aren't you Lynne ?"

" Yes Mrs Stevenson." I said as I sucked on her milk again. " Thank you
for feeding me again. I love your milk Mrs Stevenson."

She pulled her lips into her mouth and moaned softly when I said it.

" I'm glad you like my milk Lynne, but be a good girl, don't you bite
me again."

Mrs Stevenson slid a hand under me and down the top of her panties.

" I really do love your milk Mrs Stevenson. And there's so much of it."
I moved my mouth to her other nipple and sucked hard filling my mouth
with her milk. Her hand was moving quickly between her legs and
I felt her body grow tense as she grew closer.

" What are you doing Mrs Stevenson ?" I asked innocently as I looked
at her hand moving frantically inside her panties.

" Mrs Stevenson is sore down there Lynne. I'm just rubbing it better."
She answered breathlessly.

" Do you want me to rub it better for you Mrs Stevenson ?"

" Oh God...." She moaned loudly. " Yes Lynne, rub it better for me while I
feed you."

I slid my hand under the elastic on the top of her panties and buried
my fingers into the wet folds of her flesh between her legs. I pulled her
lips apart with my index and ring finger and rubbed her clit with my
middle finger.

" Oh that's a good girl Lynne." Mrs Stevenson panted as I took her
nipple into my mouth again and drank her warm milk.

" That's a good girl Lynne.....That's a very good girl......Rub it better for
me Lynne...."

" Thank you for feeding me Mrs Stevenson I really like your milk. It's
so much nicer than my mummy's milk."

She grunted loudly and came when I told her how much I liked her
milk. I rubbed her faster as she came and sucked harder on her swollen
nipple. Her orgasm lasted a long time and she savoured every moment
of it.

When her orgasm was finally over she pulled my hand out of her panties
and we just lay there for a while with me still feeding on her breast milk.

" You'll have to get dressed and leave now." Mrs Stevenson said
suddenly and abruptly. She slid off the bed and disappeared down
the hall. I got dressed, put on some makeup I found in the bathroom and
headed for the door.

" Could I have those panties back please Lynne ?" Mrs Stevenson said
from the doorway to the kitchen. She looked really attractive in a bright
red kimono. But she looked very nervous and embarrassed too.

" Sure Mrs Stevenson." I said and I walked over and stood in front of her.
I looked into her eyes as I lifted my dress and slid the cotton panties
down my legs. Mrs Stevenson's eyes kept glancing down between my
legs, so I took my time taking the panties off.

I stepped out of them and handed them to her. She screwed them up
into a tight ball in her hand.

" Thank you Lynne."

" Is there anything else I can do for you Mrs Stevenson ?"

" No thank you Lynne." She said smiling for an instant before
disappearing into the darkness of the kitchen.

Lexy was waiting for me in the hallway.

" Have enough to drink did you ?" She said sarcastically.

I didn't bother answering her. Mrs Stevenson was a nice woman who
had a particular need. Lexy didn't understand it and neither did I really
but I wasn't going to condemn Mrs Stevenson for it or make fun of her
about it.

It didn't surprise me this time when Lexy pressed the "up" button again
on the elevator. But it did cross my mind that there were some
interesting people living in this building.

The man in 7A was very nervous when he opened the door. He looked
up and down the hallway several times before almost dragging us inside.
He was a District Court Judge hearing some case that must have
involved Lexy somehow. From what they said to each other the deal was
that he'd get to use me and the case against Lexy would be thrown out
on some sort of technical point of law.

This was a big favour he was doing Lexy. I wondered what I'd  have to do
for him in return as I watched him walk Lexy to the door.

He paused for a moment as if catching his breath after he closed the
door behind Lexy. Then he slowly turned around and stood there looking
at me. He was a very distinguished looking man, late 50s, dark hair with
flecks of grey. He was casually but smartly dressed in brown trousers and
a pale blue long sleeved shirt.

" Did Lexy tell you what is required of you young lady ?" He said in a very
formal voice.

" No Sir she didn't." I answered politely, growing more concerned at just
what I was going to have to do for this man.

" There's a note on the kitchen bench through there that will explain
everything." He said and walked over to a large old armchair in the
corner of the lounge room. I headed off in the direction he pointed and
found the note.

I had to get undressed and crawl around the floor. There was a red
collar with a bell on it that I had to wear. It sounded weird enough but
harmless enough. There had to be more to it than this I thought.

I got undressed and put the collar on and crawled out into the
loungeroom trying to meow like a pussycat the best I could. At first the
hardest part was not laughing.

But the longer I crawled around naked on the floor while this man
watched me pretending I was his little pet pussy the more I got into it.

The little bell on my collar tinkled as I crawled around the room and
rubbed up against the furniture and the judges legs. He got up and
walked out of the room for a minute and put something on the floor
a few feet in front of his chair, and then sat down again. There WAS
more to it than what was written in the note.

I curled up on the floor at his feet. Trying not to think about what he was
going to make me do and what other surprises he had in store for me.
But I couldn't stop thinking about it. And strange and perhaps sick as it
was, thinking about it made me wet.

The note said I had to lick his feet and I'd noticed when I crawled out into
the loungeroom that he'd already taken his shoes and socks off.

His feet smelt clean and his toenails were neatly trimmed. At least he'd
given me some consideration in all this. But I didn't find it funny anymore
as I started licking his feet.

He lent down and patted my head as I ran my tongue over the souls
of his feet. The little bell on my collar tinkling softly as my head bobbed
up and down.

" That's a good pussy." He said as I heard him undo his zipper.

He jerked off while I licked his feet and sucked on his toes. He lent over
and patted me on the arse a few times. His fingers occasionally sliding
into my crack and brushing lightly over my arse hole.

" You should use your litter tray before you have an accident little pussy."

I looked over at the large plastic tray filled with shredded newspaper.
I hesitated for an instant, but just an instant. I was learning to be
obedient, I was getting better at it. A good slave does what she's told
when she's told, the Mistress had taught me, and I was determined to
be a good slave.

The little bell on my collar tinkled loudly as I crawled over to the plastic
tray and positioned myself with my arse facing the judge. I was on all
fours and spread my back legs as wide apart as I could.

There was a mirror on the wall in front of me and I watched the judge
jerk himself off slowly as he watched and listened to me urinate on the
shredded newspaper.

When I was finished I wiggled my arse a few times to shake myself clean
and crawled back over to the judge. He patted me on the head and ran
his fingers through my hair. " That's a good little pussy."

The thought of him making me do it had aroused me, but actually
doing it while he watched aroused me even more. My pussy was soaked
and my nipples were so hard they throbbed.

I curled up at his feet and started licking  them again. I licked them
with enthusiasm and passion this time. I wanted to lick his feet for him
this time.

He made a lot of noise when he came. I thought I better keep licking
his feet until he told me to stop.

" Here, this is for you pussy." He said as he lent over and put a saucer
on the floor beside his feet. He'd collected his cum in the saucer.

" Lick up your special treat pussy." His voice was deep and almost
tender." That's a good pussy." He said as I started licking his cum from
the saucer. My little bell jingled loudly as I hungrily lapped up his cum
from the saucer. I wanted to reach between my legs and play with myself
but I was doing this for his pleasure not mine. That was another thing
the Mistress had taught me.

He watched me lick the saucer clean and then stood up and left the
room. " You may go now young lady." Was all he said to me.

I got dressed in the kitchen and had a glass of water to wash his cum
down with and left the apartment. Lexy was waiting for me in the hall
again.

Lexy never said anything this time as we rode down in the elevator and
walked through the foyer and across the road to a motel on the corner.

There was only one person on the reception desk. A guy in his early
20s who wasn't bad looking at all.

" Is this her Lexy ?" He said looking at me as we walked in.

" Yeah, this is my little bitch."

" She's alright." He said sounding a bit surprised. " Come around here
and give me a look at you Lynne."

He ran his hands up my arm and over my tits and stomach. He stared
into my eyes as he reached down and lifted the hem of my dress.

" Woh !" Was all he said when he looked down at my bald pussy." Ok
Lexy. It's a deal." He added, still staring at my shaved pussy.

" And this makes us even right ?"

" Yeah, this will take care of everything Lexy..."

He told me to get on the floor under the counter and suck him off.

There wasn't  a lot of room under the counter and I hit my head as
I reached up to undo the zipper on his trousers. He was already hard
when I took his cock out of his pants and wrapped my mouth around it.
He let out a long low groan as he felt my tongue dancing over his cock.

As I reached up to undo his belt I thought about how casually I had
done what he told me to.

" Get under the counter and suck me off." That's all he said, a man I'd
never met before, and I just did it. I did it without even thinking about it.
Had I always been a submissive little slut ? If not why had I so quickly
become one.

My thoughts were interrupted by the Ping of the elevator. I kept sucking
on his cock as I heard footsteps approach the other side of the counter.
The man whose cock I had in my mouth moved closer to the counter
so the person on the other side couldn't see me, or what I was doing.

" Can I help you ?" He said in a surprisingly controlled voice.

" Just dropping in our breakfast order thanks." A woman with an English
accent said.

" Thank you Madam. That will be fine." He said, a little less controlled
this time.

I heard her walk back over to the lift, then the lift doors opening. He let
out a long low moan as soon as the lift doors closed.

" Lick it Lynne." He said looking down at me on the floor under the
counter as he reached for the telephone to his left. I did as he said
and took his cock out of my mouth and ran my tongue over it's length
and licked the head.

" Hello sweetheart how are you ?" He said into the phone. " I know it's
getting late but I just rang to say I miss you and I love you."

He had a wedding ring on so I assumed it was his wife he was talking to
while I sucked him off.

He kept chatting away to his wife as I licked and sucked on his cock. He
told her how much he missed her and how he couldn't wait to get home
to her just before he came in my mouth.

He covered the mouth piece with his hand but he didn't make a sound
as he shot his hot cum in my mouth and down my throat. I swallowed
it hungrily without even thinking. It was just what I did now.

I licked his cock clean as it grew soft and he told his wife again how
much he loved her and how much he missed her.

" That was great Lynne." He said as he pulled his soft cock out of my
mouth and put it back in his pants.

" Do you want me to get out now ?" I asked.

" Yeah. He said half heartedly. He wasn't particularly interested in what
I did now he'd got what he wanted. But that was ok. It was his pleasure
that mattered.

I crawled out from under the counter and walked around to the foyer
where Lexy was sitting smoking a cigarette.

" Thanks Lexy." The man said. " We're square now."

Lexy led the way back out into The Cross and up Roslyn St. I'd almost
forgotten about David and the photo's until I saw the shop with the
"Adult Toys & Novelties" sign. There was a display in the window
advertising screensavers including a computer monitor with some of the
tamer pictures David had taken of me appearing on the screen.

" You're going to be famous." Lexy said mockingly. " A celebrity slut !"

Whores whore, celebrity slut. What other names were people using when
they talked about me I wondered ?

Lexy took me into the ladies toilets in a bar on Victoria St so I could
clean myself up, touch up my make up and brush my hair.

" You better rinse your mouth out too." She said sarcastically as she
handed me a little plastic bottle of Listerine from her handbag.

" Your breath smells of cum...."

I fixed myself up including the mouth wash but Lexy wasn't happy. She
made me brush my hair again and put on more make up.

" That'll have to do." She said eventually. "That's probably about as good
as you look."

She hailed a cab in Victoria St which took us down to Lindsay Avenue in
a very expensive part of Darling Point. The cab stopped in front of a very
impressive looking house. The porch light was on and I saw the curtains
move. Someone had been looking out waiting for us.

An attractive man in his late 20s opened the door before Lexy rang the
door bell. " Your late." He said in an annoyed tone. " Quick, come in."

He looked up and down the street nervously a few times before closing
the door. " So you're Lynne." He said as his eyes roamed over my body.

" Come in here so I can get a better look at you."  He grabbed my arm
and almost dragged me into an expensively furnished lounge room
which was littered with children's toys.

He stood me in the middle of the well lit room and ran a finger down
my arm as he moved around me, assessing me.

I'd been checking him out too. He was quite good looking, about 5'10
short dark hair. Nothing special but certainly fuckable. He just looked
like a very normal guy. Black denim jeans, Nike's and a chequered long
sleeved shirt.

He had a wedding ring on and there were pictures of him and a woman
and 3 kids scattered around the room. The house and furniture was
expensive, but it had a real " Family" feel to it.

Wife, kids there was probably a dog and a cat in the backyard with
a swing set and a trampoline, and a pool of course.

" She's not quite what you made her out to be on the phone Lexy." He
said sounding a little disappointed with what he saw when he looked
at me.

" Don't try and screw me on the deal now I've got her here Paul."

He lifted the front of my dress and smiled when he saw my shaved
pussy. " She's not all you made her out to be, but she'll do."

" Is she any good Paul ?" A woman's voice said nervously from some
where down the hall.

" We've had a lot better Rachael but she'll do for a once off." Paul
replied still holding my dress up and staring at my shaved pussy. " But
she's not worth what you're asking for Lexy."

" You fucking arse hole Paul we had a deal....."

" Yeah and the deal was based on your description of her. She's nowhere
near as good as you made out on the phone and she's a lot older than
you implied too."

I just had to stand there with this man holding up my dress as he argued
with Lexy about how much I was worth.

" How old are you Lynne ?" He said moving his eyes from my pussy to
my face. " 35 ? 36 ?"

" No. I'm 32." I said as politely as I could.

Lexy had been swearing and waving her arms about but Paul remained
very calm.

" I come all the fucking way down here and now you try and screw me
on the price !"

Paul let go of my dress and took an envelope out of his top pocket.

" Half of the price you said on the phone Lexy. Take it or leave it. That's
still more than this slut is worth and you know it. "

Paul held the envelope up to Lexy. I could see the outline of some fifty
dollar bills through the envelope but I had no idea how much was in
there. I wanted to know how much he was prepared to pay for me but
knew I never would.

Lexy stared at the envelope only inches from her face. I could see how
pissed off she was but I knew she'd take it. Whatever half was, it
was better than walking out with nothing.

" I never made her out to be any better than she is. She's just another
fucking whore for Christ sake does it really matter." Lexy snapped at him
as she grabbed the envelope.

" Wait outside on the back porch Lexy." Paul said as he motioned for
her to follow him out the back. " You just wait there and don't fucking
move." He said pointing his finger at me.

" Why the fuck....."

" Because we don't trust you in the house when we're not around."

Lexy swore some more as she followed Paul out the back. When he
returned Paul told me to follow him. We walked up the hall that the
womans voice had come from and went into a large bedroom.

There was an ensuit bathroom ahead of me as I walked in. I could see a
woman moving around in there through the slight gap where the sliding
door hadn't been closed all the way.

There was a huge King Size bed with a white doona against one wall
and a video camera on a Tri-pod in the corner.

" Put this on." Paul said throwing a soft silk and lace night gown at me.

" Did you check the kids Paul ?" The woman said from the bathroom.

" Yeah Rachael, they're all asleep and I shut their doors and the hall
door." David replied as he walked over and locked the bedroom door.

" Come on Bitch !" He yelled at me. " Put the fucking nighty on like you
were told! Don't fuck me around !"
He startled me the way he shouted at me. It wasn't just what he said
or how loud he said it, it was the way he said it.

" I'm sorry..." I mumbled. The way he looked at me frightened me.

He glared at me as I reached behind and pulled my zipper down and
slid out of my dress. His expression softened a little as I stood there
naked except for my bra. He was smiling when I took my bra off and my
tits spilled out in front of me.

The nighty was a deep rich red colour. Very sheer, very sexy and very
short. It felt good against my skin.

Paul stood in front of me and moved the little straps of the nighty on my
shoulders and brushed my hair a few times with his hands. He had a very
gentle almost tender touch.

I liked the feel of his hands on my skin. I liked it when he stood close to
me, our bodies gently brushing against each others. I wanted to touch
him, to stroke his cheek and kiss him gently on the lips.

Our eyes met and mine told him what I was thinking, how I was feeling.

" There, that'll have to do." He stood back and looked at me as if he
wasn't totally satisfied with what he'd paid for and then walked around
to the other side of the bed where the video camera was.

I felt a twinge of embarrassment after he said it .He wasn't interested in
soft  kisses and tender caresses. Not with me anyway. I was just some
whore he'd paid for.

" You're absolutely beautiful." Paul said.

My head spun to look at him. I couldn't remember the last time some
one said something like that to me. But Paul wasn't looking at me. He
was looking at his wife, standing in the doorway to the bathroom wearing
a short red nighty exactly the same as the one I was wearing.

Rachael did look absolutely beautiful. She was slim with shoulder length
curly blonde hair that fell over the soft pale skin of her shoulders. She
was probably in her mid 20s  and her large breasts sagged a little
from having already had 3 children. Her nipples were stiff and poked
against the thin material of her nighty.

Having children hadn't had any affect on her legs though. Rachael had
long slim legs that would attract attention anywhere she went.

" What do you think sweetheart ?" Her husband asked.

Rachael's pale green eyes danced nervously over my body as mine did
over hers. She looked so pretty, so innocent almost. She was a lady with
class and style. The kind of lady  I used to think I wanted to be.

" Show me that shaved cunt of yours slut !" She said in a soft but
stinging voice.

I liked what I saw when I looked at her, and I'd smiled at her hoping
she liked what she saw when she looked at me. But I hadn't  expected
her to say anything like that. She caught me off guard and I just stood
there staring at her.

" Do as you're fucking told bitch !" Her husband yelled at me.

" I'm sorry..." I stammered as I lifted the front of my nighty to show
Rachael what she wanted to see.

" Well honey? What do think of our little whore ?"

" She's pretty ordinary. We've had much more attractive whores than
her" Rachael said in an almost spiteful tone as she moved towards me.

" Do you think you're pretty little whore ?" She asked me sarcastically
as she stood close to me.

" No Miss. I don't think I'm pretty." I said softly, still holding up the front
of my nighty for her.

" Neither do I." Rachael added with an evil smirk on her innocent face.
" But you've got a big wet cunt !  Haven't you Lynne ?"

" Yes Miss. I've got a big wet cunt."

" How many people have you fucked tonight Lynne? How many cocks
have you had in that whore mouth of yours ?"

" I don't know Miss, I'd have to think about it...." It was a stupid thing
to say and they both laughed at me and made snide remarks about
how hard it must be for a cheap whore like me to keep track of how
many people had fucked her in one night. But I really didn't know off
the top of my head exactly how many people I'd fucked and how many
men I'd sucked off that night.

" I'm just a whore Miss." I said defiantly interrupting they're laughter and
I stood there still holding my nighty up to show her my shaved pussy.

" Yes. We know that bitch! And for now you're our little whore." Paul
said with an arrogant look on his face.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 15. A NIGHT IN THE SHADOWS. PART 2

" I'm just a whore Miss." I said defiantly interrupting they're laughter as I
stood there still holding my nighty up to show her my shaved pussy.

" Yes. We know that bitch! And for now you're our little whore." Paul
said with an arrogant look on his face.

They made me lean against the wall and finger myself as David filmed
me with the video camera.

Rachael walked over and flopped on the bed and watched me perform
for the camera. She looked incredibly sexy lying on the bed, her nighty
riding up giving a glimpse of her blonde pubic hair.

She reached up under her nighty and started playing with herself as she
watched me finger myself. The room was filled with the sound of my
finger sliding in and out of my wet pussy.

I looked at the camera and then at Paul and then at Rachael as I
fingered myself. I needed to reach down and rub my clit with my
other hand but I knew I'd have to wait for Paul or Rachael to tell me to.
They didn't. I was working myself into a frenzy as I watched the little red
light on the video camera. Paul had the camera pointed right at my wet
cunt and Rachael was moaning loudly as she played with herself. It was
too much, I couldn't wait, I needed to rub my swollen clit.

" Do you want me to rub my clit for you? " I panted at Rachael and then
Paul. " Do you want me to rub my big swollen clit for the camera?"

" No we don't little whore." Rachael said, her face flushed with passion.
" Turn around and stick a finger up your arse !"

I'd managed not to make any noises when I was fingering myself for
them but I couldn't hold back the grunting sounds I made as I slid a
finger up my arse.

" You like that don't you little whore." Rachael said in a low breathless
voice as she slid off the bed and moved towards me.

" Yes...I love it..." I half panted half moaned as I saw her moving towards
me.

" Look at the camera slut !" Paul snapped as Rachael slowly moved
closer and closer to me. I turned my head and looked into the lens of
the camera as Paul had instructed me to. I thought my knees were
going to give way underneath me. If I didn't have the wall to lean against
I'm sure they would have.

" You like that don't you little whore." Rachael said again. She was
standing beside me now. I could smell her perfume, I could almost
feel her breath on my neck as she spoke.

" Oh God Yes....." I cried out as I felt our bodies almost touch.

" Look into the Camera little slut." Rachael whispered. " Finger your
whore arse hole for the camera."

They watched me and filmed me fingering myself up the arse for a
while. I was desperate to rub myself between the legs, desperate to
let loose the orgasm that teased me. I was so close.

" Do you want to cum for the camera little whore ?" Rachael said in
a mocking tone. I knew they weren't going to let me cum but I had to
ask them if I could anyway.

" Please let me cum for the camera Miss, please let me cum for you...
..........I'll do anything you want me to, please let me cum...."

Rachael's face was flushed with passion and her eyes almost wild with
excitement as she watched me fingering my arse hole for her and
listened to me beg her for permission to cum.

" You'll do whatever we tell you to anyway little whore ! Won't you !"
Rachael's face was only inches from mine and her voice barely more
than a whisper. I almost came when I saw the look in her eyes.

" Yes Miss." I answered softly, helplessly. " I'm your little whore and I'll do
whatever you want me to."

We stared into each others eyes for a few seconds. I could see the
pleasure my torment and submission gave her, and I knew she could
see how much pleasure it gave me.

Rachael slowly drew away and spread herself on the bed. She lay on
her back with her head resting on some pillows. I could see up her
nighty. Her beautiful blonde pussy glistened with her juices.

" Come here and do your stuff little slut." Rachael said breathlessly.

My arse hole didn't want to let go of my finger and my pussy ached to
be touched. But I was here for their pleasure not mine. I moaned loudly
and my head banged against the wall as I pulled my finger out.

I saw the camera follow me as I moved to the bed and crawled onto
it with her. I kissed Rachael tenderly on her foot and toes and gently
worked my way up her legs to the soft skin of her thighs. She moaned
softly as I kissed and licked my way up the inside of her thighs pushing
her nighty up as my tongue danced over her body.

My mouth was only inches away from her beautiful blonde pussy. I
looked up into her eyes as I moved my tongue closer and closer to
her wet and swollen pussy lips. I was just about to taste her for the first
time when she grabbed me by the hair and pushed me away.

" Not there little slut. I don't want your dirty whore tongue on my pussy.
I want it some where else."

She rolled over and got up on her hands and knees. I crawled over to
her again and started kissing and licking up the back of her thighs and
slowly pushed her nighty up over her back.

I kissed and licked the cheeks of her arse, slowly moving closer to where
she wanted my tongue.

" That's it little whore"  She moaned quietly.

I ran my hands gently up her thighs and over her cheeks as I flicked her
arse hole with my tongue.

" Oh Fuck Yes !" She cried out. " Lick my arse little whore."

I could see Paul standing behind the video camera and the little red
light seemed to be glowing even brighter, he'd moved closer but I
hadn't noticed. He was only a few feet away now with the camera
pointed at Rachael's arse as I licked her eagerly.

" The camera's taping everything you do little whore." Rachael moaned.
" Lick my arse hole for the camera little whore......"

Rachael cried out again as I stabbed her arse hole with my tongue. I
pulled her cheeks apart and slid my tongue as far up her arse as I
could. Rachael buried her face in the pillows.

" Stick your tongue up her arse slut !" Her husband yelled loudly. Rachael
was saying things too but I couldn't understand her.

I felt Rachael's body grow tense as I fucked her up the arse with my
tongue. " Yes....Yes....Yes...." She started chanting and suddenly she was
thrashing around on the bed as she came.

The pillows muffled the grunting noises Rachael made as waves of
pleasure seared through her body. Several times I thought her orgasm
had peaked and was letting go of her, but each time she'd cry out
again as she came again.

I don't know how many times Rachael came, but eventually she
collapsed on the bed in exhaustion and Paul pushed me away from her.

" Get off the fucking bed bitch !" He snarled at me.

I slid off the bed and fell onto the floor. I tried to stand up but my
legs were shaking and my head was spinning. I couldn't stand up. I
just lay on the floor as I watched Paul and Rachael kiss and caress
each other tenderly.

Rachael started to undress her husband and I watched as they made
love. It was so gentle, so tender. They looked into each others eyes
as Paul lay on top of his wife and slowly slid himself inside her. She
wrapped her legs and arms around him and they made slow
passionate love. I wanted so much to be made love to like that.

Slowly the intensity of their lovemaking grew and I heard Paul whisper to
his wife that he was going to cum.

" Come for me sweetheart." Rachael panted.

Paul took his cock out of her and Rachael and I watched as he covered
her stomach with his cum and then collapsed on top of her.

They lay together like that for a few minutes enjoying the afterglow of
their love and lust for each other. Then Rachael kissed her husband
gently on his lips one more time before he slid off the bed.

They looked at each other, their faces glowing with the love and passion
they felt for each other. But their expressions were very different when
they looked down at me.

" Get up here and clean this up whore !"

I dragged myself up onto the bed and crawled over to Rachael. Paul
moved the camera into a better position to film me licking his cum off
his wife's stomach.

" Every drop slut !" She demanded, and I obeyed her willingly.

I thought they'd want to film me getting myself off in some humiliating or
disgusting way. I'd heard a dog barking in the backyard and I could
see myself tied up on the floor as their dog licked my wet cunt. I could
see Rachael looking down at me in contempt as Paul video taped me
telling their dog how good his tongue felt, telling their dog to lick me
faster.

I could see the look of disgust on their faces as I told their dog he was
going to make me cum. And I could see the red light on the video camera
as I came on their dog's big drooling tongue.

But they'd gotten what they wanted. They weren't interested in seeing
the whore cum. They'd got what they paid for and they just wanted the
whore out of their house as soon as possible.

Before I knew it I was dressed and standing on a corner with Lexy a few
blocks from Paul and Rachael's place. They didn't want their neighbours
to see two whores waiting for a taxi near their house.

My wet cunt still ached to be touched. I was still incredibly aroused and
desperate for some relief, but the cool night air cleared my head a
little and a sense of shame and disgust ran through me. How could I
have thought what I did about them using their dog to get me off ?

How could I have fantasised about it as I licked her husbands cum off
Rachael's stomach ? I couldn't look at Lexy. No one knew about the
sick disgusting fantasy I'd had. But it felt like Lexy knew. The guilt I
felt for even thinking about doing that made me ashamed of what I
was, whatever it was  I had become.

Lexy and I rode in silence in the taxi as we travelled up through The
Cross and down Oxford St. Lexy had told me to sit in the front. She
couldn't stand the thought of me sitting in the back with her. What would
she have thought of me if she really did know what I'd fantasised about ?

By the time the taxi pulled up in front of the apartment block in Oxford
Street the guilt and shame had gone. It was only a fantasy I kept
telling myself. A sick strange fantasy but that is all it was. I hadn't
actually done it and I never would do anything like that.

I tried to convince myself of that, but I knew I would do it if my Mistress
told me to. There was no point trying to deny it.  And there were no
feelings of guilt this time as flashes of the fantasy danced through my
mind again.

I followed Lexy up the steps of the building.

" Is this where you live ?" I asked without thinking.

" It's none of your fucking business bitch !" Lexy snarled.

" I'm sorry.....I know that.....I'm really sorry..... "

Lexy ignored my apology and pushed the door open. We walked up one
flight of stairs and towards a door with loud music coming from behind
it.

Lexy opened the door with her key and the noise and smells of the
party spilled out into the hallway.

" What have you got there Lex ?" A tall unattractive woman with short
dark hair said as she walked over to us. I looked around the room and
knew how I must have looked to all the faces staring back at me.

There were 15 or 20 people looking at me. They were all women I think.
Mostly dressed in jeans and T-shits, a lot with nose rings or tattoo's.

I'd always assumed Lexy was a lesbian for some reason, she just didn't
seem like a woman who liked men at all. But I thought of her as the
"Butch" one. Those thoughts changed when Lexy and the tall woman
locked their mouths together in a deep passionate kiss.

Someone turned the music off and another voice said:

" Well come Lex. Who's the little Princess ?"

Lexy's friend grabbed her by the hair and pulled her face away from
hers. " Come on Lex, who is she ?"

Lexy smiled in a way I'd never seen her smile before. She was enjoying
showing me off to her butch Dyke friends.

" She's my little bitch for the night. And she does whatever I tell her to."

There was a mixture of cheers and laughter and applause. Hands groped
me and grabbed at me as Lexy led me to the middle of the crowded
room.

They passed me around the room taking it in turns to dance with me.
They groped me and tongue kissed me and rubbed themselves
against me while we danced. Most of the women weren't all that
unattractive up close. Just hard faced and butch.

I was dancing with a reasonably attractive woman with short reddish
hair. I think her name was Karen. She had quite a pretty face and wasn't
as rough and crude as the other women who had had a turn with me. It
was a slow dance, our bodies were close together, our crotches rubbing
against each others, our lips and tongues locked together.

I didn't want it to happen like this but I couldn't stop it. My body had
been desperate for some relief since  Paul and Rachael had left me
so agonisingly close an hour or so earlier. And after being past around
the room from woman to woman the way I had been I couldn't hold it
back any longer.

I started kissing her more passionately and thrusting myself against
her harder and faster. " I'm going to cum." I whispered into her ear
as I buried my face in her neck and braced myself for it.

I felt a hand grab my arm and pull me away from her and spin me
around. " We all want to see you cum Lynne." Lexy said with her tall
masculine girlfriend standing next to her with her arm around her.

" Fuck you Lexy !" Karen yelled out. " It was my turn with her."

" Yeah Fuck you too Karen !"

I whimpered softly from frustration as they argued about whose turn it
was with me. I was so close I could almost taste the orgasm I nearly had
with Karen. I felt weak and light headed, I had to cum.

Lexy and Karen and some of the other women argued and swore at each
other about whose turn it was with me. I didn't care whose turn it was
I just wanted to wrap myself around one of them and rub myself against
them and enjoy the orgasm that I so desperately needed.

More voices joined in the argument. I was in a bit of a daze and I didn't
hear or understand much of what was being said about me. Suddenly
there were hands all over me. The zipper on my dress was undone and
my dress was pulled off me. Then hands were grabbing at the clips of my
bra and my bra was undone and ripped off me.

Before I knew it I was just standing there naked as the women circled
around me. They were saying all sorts of things about my shaved wet
cunt and my big tits and what a hot and horny little bitch I was.

I nearly came just listening to them talk about me. Then there were
hands and fingers grabbing at me again. One of the women touched
me between the legs and I moaned loudly and threw my head back
jolted from the pleasure.

" Lie on the floor Lynne." I heard Lexy say. And I obeyed her immediately
and flopped onto the thick carpet on the floor. I looked up and saw
the women gathered around me looking down at me. Some had drinks
or cigarettes in their hands, and they all had lustful and excited looks
on their faces.

I reached down between my legs and slid a finger inside myself groaning
loudly as I did. Someone pulled my hand away. I reached back down to
touch myself again, but again someone pulled my hand away. I
whimpered loudly as I realised they weren't going to let me cum yet.

Then I saw Lexy's friend. The tall dark haired woman with the hard
almost cruel face. She had a big black strap on dildo in her hands.

" Do you want me to fuck you with this Lynne ?" She said in a voice
that was deeper than a womans voice should be.

" Oh God Yes Please." I panted.

" Come on Cindy." Lexy said." I brought her home for you, fuck her."

As heated and worked up as I was I found myself thinking that Cindy was
such a feminine name for such a masculine woman. But those thoughts
were fleeting as I watched Cindy step into the straps and tie the dildo
around herself. She didn't even bother to take off her jeans.

She got on her knees between my legs and held the tip of the dildo
against the opening of my wet cunt.

" Do you want me to fuck you Lynne?" She asked in a teasing tone
as the other women looked down at us.

" Oh God Yes Please ! Fuck me with it please !"

I heard a jumble of voices saying " Fuck the bitch" and " Stick it in her!"
and " Shove it up her !"

" Make her beg for it ! " Lexy said as the tip of the dildo touched my clit
making me arch my back and moan loudly.

" Beg for it bitch !" Cindy said as she teased me with the dildo.

" I'll get on my hands and knees and beg you to fuck me with it if you
want me to." I panted in desperation." I'll do anything you want me to
just please fuck me with it please....."

Cindy smiled and pushed it hard between my swollen lips and deep up
inside me. I screamed out as I felt it almost tear me open.

" Oh god yes !" I panted. " Fuck me with it."

I groaned loudly as I felt it sliding slowly out of me. It was so long and  so
far up inside me and felt so good as it slowly slid out of me. When it was
nearly all the way out she quickly and roughly shoved it all the way back
up me again and then slowly slid it out of me again.

" Maybe I should fuck you up the arse with it."  Cindy said as she started
fucking me faster.

" Oh god yes !" I moaned. " Fuck me up the arse with your big dildo."

I looked up at the faces of the women looking down at me one more time
and then closed my eyes as my orgasm erupted inside me. Cindy's
body slapped against mine as she pounded the dildo in and out of me.

I thrashed around on the floor and screamed out from the intensity of an
orgasm that felt like it would never end.

But slowly the waves of ecstasy did become gentler and less frequent. I
was able to open my eyes and look up at the women's faces as the last
few spasms of pleasure jolted my body. When it was finally over I just lay
on the floor exhausted from what my body had been through.

I never felt Cindy pull the dildo out of me. All of a sudden I just noticed
her standing over me with the dildo still strapped around her and
covered in my juices.

The show was over and the women quickly lost interest  and dispersed.
The music was put back on again and the party continued while I lay
exhausted on the floor.

Lexy didn't let me lie there for long though. I was soon back up dancing
with her friends. They wouldn't let me get dressed so I had to dance
naked with whoever wanted to dance with me.

Most of the women took me into a bedroom and made me go down on
them and I enjoyed going down on most of them. I enjoyed watching and
listening to them come on my tongue, but I enjoyed going down on Karen
the most. She had a really nice pussy which was dripping wet before I
even touched her and she was so loud when she came.

All the women called me slut or whore when I licked them and when
they came, all the women except Karen. She called me Lynne. She said
" I'm cumming Lynne." As I slid my tongue deep inside her.

I was on my knees on the floor in the bathroom with my face buried
between the legs of a young woman called Michelle when I heard Lexy
calling out for me.

Michelle  had very short blonde hair a good figure and a tight pussy. I
was enjoying making her squirm, hearing her breathing getting heavier
and watching her face contort as I licked her clit and lips.

She was leaning up against the bathroom wall with her jeans and
panties around her ankles. " I'll have to go." I said looking up at her.

" Not yet slut I'm nearly there !" She snapped at me and pushed my head
back into her wet cunt. " In here Lex."

I heard the bathroom door open and could sense Lexy standing there
looking at me. " Hurry up and do your stuff Lynne, we've got to go."

I reached up and spread Michelle's lips apart with my thumbs so I could
get at her clit better. " Oh yeah that's it slut." She moaned.

I stuck my tongue deep inside her and felt her body respond.

" Lick my clit." She panted quickly. " Lick it....Lick it...."

I slid my tongue out of her and stabbed her clit hard and then licked it
the way she wanted me to. She was grinding herself into my face and
I knew she was going to cum.

" Faster......Lick me Faster...."

She grabbed my hair and let out a long low groan as she came.

When Michelle was finished Lexy threw my dress and bra at me and
told me to get dressed. It was only then that I realised I still had my
shoes on.
I was no sooner dressed and we were back on Oxford Street getting into
a taxi. Again Lexy told me to sit in the front. It was then that I realised
that I'd done nothing to pleasure Lexy at all so far. I'd gone down on
everyone of her friends, including Cindy, but not Lexy. Maybe she didn't
want to use me in that way for herself. Did I disgust her that much that
she didn't want me to pleasure her at all ?

I caught a glimpse of a clock on the dash. It was 5.00 am. It would be
light soon and she'd have to take me back to the Blonde Woman's
house. The people of the world Lexy lived in were nocturnal. They lived
in the shadows through the day and came out to play of a night.

The taxi dropped us off  in Bayswater Road. Lexy paid the driver and
headed down into Kellet St. A dark dingy lane littered with rubbish and
used needles and cheap brothels. Lexy walked into one of the brothels
and I followed in behind her.

There was a dimly lit waiting room with three worn and grotty couches
and a TV. Three ugly whore's sat waiting for their next customer.

" It could be a long wait." I thought to myself.

" What the fuck do you want bitch ?" A voice said from behind us. It
belonged to a tall thin man of Asian appearance. He thought he looked
good in his expensive trousers and blazer, but he was a very unattractive
man.

" One shift. 6 to 6 on a Saturday night....."

" We've been through this before bitch. If you wanna work here then
that's fine but it's the same deal as the other bitches. 50/50 split and
when I tell you to, not a once off when it suits you." He lit a cigarette
with what looked like a gold lighter as he spoke.

" I work for myself H.J.  I don't want to work here full time just a
few shifts, you know that."

" Why are you here wasting my time bitch. We been through this. I
don't employ no casual whores. You either work for me or out on the
streets. I don't give a fuck either way."

" But I got a different deal for you this time H.J. The rest is the same
the 6 to 6 on a Saturday night with a 70/30 split my way, but......"

Lexy grabbed my arm and stood me in front of H.J.. He'd noticed me
but he hadn't taken any notice of me.

" But...." Lexy continued. " You get a head job off The Princess here
as well. No condom. You can add her to your collection......"

H.J. noticed me now. I found out later that his nick name, H.J. was
short for Head Job. The walls in his office were covered with Polaroid's of
women with their mouths full of his cum. The women signed the photo's
and H.J. wrote the date and photo number under their signature. His
brothel was a sleazy little dump, but everybody in the Cross knew H.J.
and had seen the walls in his office.

He boasted that he had pictures of 311 women who had sucked him off,
I could see in his eyes that he saw an opportunity to make it 312.

" You're a clever bitch for a whore Lexy." H.J. said with a smile on his
face. " Who is this mummy looking bitch anyway ?" He said looking
me up and down. " Bitch looks like she's on her way to a Tupperware
Party. You got a thing for plastic bitch ?"

He thought he was good looking and he thought he was funny. But he
was neither. I knew Lexy would be pissed off if he didn't agree to what
she wanted. I knew she expected me to help her " Sell Me " to him.

" No, but I've got a thing for big hard cocks H.J." I said in as sexy a voice
as I could muster talking to this creepy  man.

" You wanna suck H.J.'s cock bitch ?" He said as he ran his fingers over
my lips. I gently grabbed his hand and started sucking on his middle
finger.

" I'd love to suck your cock H.J. but I'm Lexy's bitch, and she won't let me
do it if you don't agree to what she wants." I licked his finger and then
slowly pushed his hand away. I saw Lexy out of the corner of my eye.
I could tell she was pleased with me.

" OK Lexy. One shift. 6 to 6 like you said, but 60 / 40 your way. I can't
do 70 /30. I got overheads bitch."

" It's a deal H.J." Lexy said quickly while his cock and ego were doing the
negotiating for him.

" Come with H.J. Bitch." He said as he took my hand and led me down a
hall and into his office.

" See Bitch." He said pointing at all the pictures on the walls. " 311."

It was a strange room with 311 pictures of women with cum in their
mouths covering the walls. H.J. was going to need a bigger office soon.
There was hardly a space on the four walls that didn't have a picture
on it.

Most of the women I saw in the photo's were unattractive or outright
ugly. And I assumed that most of them if not all of them were whores.

" See. Here's Lexy." H.J. said proudly walking over to one of the pictures.

She looked different in the photo. A lot younger, a lot softer in the face.
She'd signed the bottom right hand corner and it was dated just over a
year ago. I couldn't believe how much she'd aged in that time. And there
was something else different about  her in the photo. It took me a while
to realise what it was. She was smiling. She had a mouth full of
H.J.'s cum but she looked happy. I hadn't seen Lexy look happy before.
I guess a year or so on the streets of The Cross doesn't leave you a lot
to be happy about.

I hadn't noticed H.J. walk around and sit behind his desk.

" Come on bitch." he said impatiently.

I walked around behind the desk and kneeled on the floor at his feet
and undid the zipper on his trousers.

" Now you get H.J. nice and hard and when I blow in your mouth don't
swallow until I've taken your picture. Do you understand bitch ?" He
picked up a Polaroid camera off his desk as he spoke and showed it
to Me. He was obviously very proud of that camera.

" Yes H.J. I understand." I said as I pulled his cock out of his pants. He
was soft but his cock was fairly big. Long but thin.

I leaned forward and took his cock into my mouth and started sucking it
and licking it.

" Oh that's it bitch. Get H.J. nice and hard." I felt  his cock start to grow
stiff in my mouth. I took it out and licked along the shaft up to the head.
He sort of growled and said. " Oh yeah that's a good little bitch."

Then he suddenly pushed me away and stood up to take off his trousers
and underpants so I could get at him better. His cock looked good
sticking up in the air glistening with my saliva. It was still long and thin,
just as it was when it was soft. He was not an attractive man but he
had a nice cock.

When he sat down in his high back swivel chair again I held his cock
in my hand and ran my tongue over his balls and then slowly up the
long shaft again.

" Put it in your mouth and suck bitch !" He said looking down at me
on the floor at his feet. I did what he wanted. I wrapped my lips around it
and slid it into my mouth as far as I could. He grabbed me by the hair
and started pulling my head up and down making his cock slide in and
out of my mouth as I sucked on it.

" Remember not to swallow until I've taken your picture bitch." He
panted as he pulled my head up and down faster and faster. I thought
he must have been going to cum but he didn't, he just kept fucking
my face.

My head was bobbing up and down on his cock for what seemed a
long time before he started telling me he was going to cum. He let go
of my hair and I slid his cock in and out of my mouth as fast as I could.

" That's it bitch. Faster....Do it faster....."

He let out a long loud groan and I felt his hot cum filling my mouth. I tried
not to swallow any, but there was so much some slid down my throat and
out the sides of my mouth.

Gradually  his cock stopped pumping my mouth full of his cum and he
let out one last groan and pulled it out of my mouth.

" Don't swallow yet bitch." He said angrily as he reached for his Polaroid
camera on the desk in front of him. I was still on my knees on the floor
trying to stop anymore of his cum from sliding down my throat or seeping
out through my lips when he stood up and pointed the camera
at me.

" Ok, now tilt your head back and open up and show H.J what you've got
in your mouth. I lent my head back and opened my mouth as he had said
to. Some of his cum started to run out of the sides of my mouth as soon
as I opened it. I could feel it as it ran over my cheeks and dripped onto
my shoulders.

" Look at the camera bitch." He said and my eyes stung from the flash.
" Stay like that." he said as he took another two shots, the flash making
everything go black for a second or two each time.

" OK Bitch. You can swallow now."

I left my mouth open so he could see his cum disappear down my throat
as I swallowed it. Then I licked up what had escaped onto my lips and
cheeks.

" There's some on your shoulder bitch."

I looked down and there was a little puddle of his cum on the right
shoulder of my little house wife dress. I lifted the material to my mouth
and sucked it clean. But it left a dark damp stain on my dress.

The photo's rolled out of the bottom of the camera and HJ laid them on
his desk and watched excitedly as the images of me with my mouth full
of his cum slowly appeared.

" Now....Which one goes on the wall ?" He mumbled to himself.

I stood up and saw the images of myself. It was me in the photo's but
I didn't recognise myself. I'd changed so much in the past few weeks.
It seemed now that I was even starting to look different.

" This one." HJ said as he picked one up off the table and admired it.

It was a clear shot with no "red eye" and I had a hint of a smile on my
face. My mouth was wide open, and full of his creamy cum that had
started to dribble out of the corners of my mouth.

HJ shook the photo a few times to make sure it was dry and then passed
it to me and told me to sign it. I put the photo on the desk in front of
me and signed " Lynne " in flowing running writing on the bottom right
hand corner with the blue felt pen H.J. had handed to me.

He grabbed the pen and the photo off me, wrote the date and the
number 312 underneath my signature and moved over to the wall to his
right and pinned the photo to the wall with a thumb tack, right next to
311.

311 was a very young looking woman with sandy blonde hair. She was
quite pretty.  She'd signed hers Sarah and it was dated about a week
ago. I wondered why Sarah had lowered herself to do it.

I looked around the room at all the photo's of women with their
mouths open, full of H.J.'s cum. There were 312 now, but somehow
the photo of me seemed to stand out from the others. I know it wouldn't
to anybody else. I was just one of the 312 dirty sluts with their picture on
the wall.

H.J. called Lexy and his whores into his office to show them my photo.
His whores didn't look particularly interested but Lexy looked as happy
as I'd seen her when she saw the photo of me on H.J.'s. wall.

We were soon back outside walking down the dingy little Laneway called
Kellet Street. Lexy stopped in front of an old run down townhouse that
I assumed was just another cheap brothel. There were no streetlights
just the glow from a red bulb above the door.

" Wait here." Lexy said without looking at me as she opened the door.
Light spilled out onto the footpath for the few seconds the door was open
but disappeared with Lexy as she went inside and closed the door
behind her.

I felt my pulse quicken as I looked up and down the dark deserted
Laneway. The morning fog glowed red around the door from the bulb
above it. It was an eerie feeling.

The Mistress had told me to trust her, that she would never put a slave
in any real danger. But she had no control over what could happen to
me here. This was not the sort of place a woman, even the sort of
woman I had become should be.

The crime rate in the inner city was out of control. Rapes, stabbings,
murders. They happened regularly in well lit busy city streets let alone
a dark deserted Laneway in a backstreet of Kings Cross like this.

A sense of panic had started to take hold of me. I wanted to go inside
but I knew I couldn't until Lexy told me to. I was staring at the door
willing it to open.

" You're a hot looking piece of pussy."

I jumped in fright and my head spun towards the voice.

" She's got fucking big tits." Another voice said as I felt a hand grab my
arm. I hadn't heard them approach it was like they just appeared out of
the shadows.

There were 5 of them and they were moving closer to me, touching me.
They were all young, 16 or 17, but their faces looked almost depraved in
the glow of the red light in the morning fog.

I screamed out as one of them reached up under my dress and grabbed
me between the legs.

" She's got no cunt hair." The young voice said.

" Please don't...."

" Please don't what ?" Another one of them said as he grabbed my
tits in his hands and squeezed them roughly.

I wanted to push him away and scream but I couldn't move I couldn't
speak. I just stood there frozen in fear as they grabbed at me and ran
their hands over me and made jokes about what they were going to
do with me.

" Shouldn't you boys be at home in bed cuddling your Teddy Bears."
The familiar low deep voice said. The boys all turned towards the voice
and their faces became very pale very quickly when they saw Desmond.

His huge frame stood over them menacingly. It was as if Desmond had
appeared out of the shadows too.

One of the boys reached into the back pocket of his jeans and pulled out
a flick knife and pointed it at Desmond. The silver blade reflected the red
light from the bulb above the door as it shook in the boys hand.

" You're a dumb fuck kid." Desmond said as someone grabbed the
boy from behind and threw him up against the wall.

" Don't ever pull a knife on one of us you piece of shit!" The man was
big and dark skinned like Desmond.

The boys quickly took off in both directions but they all stopped as
suddenly as they had started.

Two big dark skinned men walked casually but threateningly from both
ends of the Laneway. The boys had nowhere to run. Their faces showed
the fear that ran through their bodies.

" Shit !" One of them said as he stopped and watched the men
approach. But it was all any of them said. It was their turn to be frozen
with fear.

Had Desmond and his mates been watching over me all night ? Is that
what The Mistress meant when she said to trust her, that she would
never put a slave in any real danger.

" So you were going to take it in turns to fuck her." Desmond said as
the boys looked up at him with panic on their faces and in their eyes.

" Did you think to ask her if she wanted to fuck you ?"

" She's just a whore." One of them said nervously.

Desmond slowly walked over to the one that spoke and stood over him.

" How much did they offer to pay you Lynne ?" Desmond said to me
while he stared angrily at the boy.

" They weren't going to pay me they were going to rape me." I said
angrily.

" It's not rape when it's a whore..." The boy said with growing desperation
in his voice. " It's not rape it's just fucking her without paying...."

" Like shop lifting ?" Desmond said laughing.

" Yeah yeah like shop lifting." The boy said laughing nervously with
Desmond.

" Do you know what we do to people who shop lift off one of our friends?"
Desmond said softly, the smile gone from his face.

" We weren't going to hurt her we were just going to fuck her....."

" Do you want to fuck them Lynne ?" Desmond said cutting off the
boys shaky voice.

" No. They're all ugly. Look at the pimples on that ones face...Yuk!  I
couldn't fuck that. Even if they paid me."

I really enjoyed humiliating the little turds. I kept saying how ugly
they all were and how little their dicks would be.

" Do you want us to teach them how to treat a whore properly Lynne?"

I looked at each one of them. Their eyes were pleading with me to say
no.

" Yes ! "

I looked at the fear on their faces. I enjoyed watching the little bastards
shit themselves.

" We'll get you Bitch !" One of them said.

" I don't think so little boy." I said smugly.

Suddenly light spilled out onto the street as Lexy opened the door and
stepped out into the red glow and fog that surrounded us.  " I think she
does want to fuck them."

A cold shiver ran down my spine as everybody looked at Lexy with
confused and suspicious expressions.

" Please Lexy, I've done everything you've told me to, please don't do
this to me....."

" Why shouldn't I ?" She said in a cold voice. She must have hated me so
much.

I walked over to her, my heart thumping in my chest, a cold sweat
breaking out over my skin.

" Please Lexy. Don't do this to me." I begged her in a whispered voice.
" Let me do something for you. I'll do anything you want me to...."

" You have got a nice tongue Lynne." Lexy whispered back. " Maybe I'll
get you to stick that nice tongue of yours up my arse."

" I'd love to lick your arse for you Lexy. I'd love to stick my tongue up
your arse...."

" I'd enjoy that Lynne." Lexy whispered with a smile on her face. " But
I'd enjoy making you fuck these little brats even more."

Lexy and I stood there glaring at each other for a few seconds. But
she'd already won and we both knew it.

" OK Lexy." I said in submission. " You know I'll do whatever you want."

" How much money have you boys got?"

The boys started searching their pockets hurriedly. But they were
obviously still suspicious of what was going on. After a few minutes
they'd come up with Eleven Dollars and Eighty cents in notes and coins
between the five of them.

It was a humiliating experience standing there watching the boys
nervously count the coins and pass the money to Lexy.

" Eleven Dollars and Eighty cents. "Lexy said loudly. " You'll fuck five
young men for Eleven Dollars and Eighty cents won't you Lynne ?"

I didn't answer I just nodded meekly.

" Are you sure about this Lynne ?" Desmond asked in a confused but
genuine voice.

" Yes I am." I said as defiantly as I could. Desmond looked at me with
the same confused and disgusted look he'd given me in the past. He
looked up at the boys and then walked off.

" Thanks Desmond..." I called out after him.

He looked back at me and I thought I saw a hint of a smile, then he
disappeared into the shadows and the morning fog with the others.

" Bring her down here." one of the boys said and two of them grabbed
me by the arms and half dragged half carried me down a narrow lane
way between two buildings which opened up into a small rectangular
area surrounded by high brick walls. A fluorescent street light that
flickered on and off hung off the back wall.

" Stand her under the light so we can get a better look at her."

The two boys who had hold of my arms pushed me up against the wall
under the light and then stood back with the other three to see what
it was they were going to fuck.

" She's not bad." One of them said. " Bit old." Another added.

" We told you we'd get you bitch." The one that had talked to Desmond
said angrily as he moved towards me. " What are you going to do now
.....Hey Bitch ?"

" Whatever you want me to do."

The light above me would come on for a few seconds and then go
off for an instant plunging us into darkness and then come back on
again. It was an eerie atmosphere.

I was terrified when they dragged me down the lane way. But as they
stood there looking at me, making comments about me and what they
were going to do to me, I also got the chance for a better look at them.

They were all young, 16 or 17 like I'd thought when they first jumped
me up on Kellet Street, but they weren't junkies. They all wore expensive
jeans and jackets and Nike or Reebock joggers, and they all had styled
haircuts. They weren't the tough doped out street kids  I'd thought they
were. They were just teenage boys out looking for some fun.

I was sure none of them expected they would have as much fun as they
were going to when they snuck out of their houses.

The one that had talked to Desmond seemed to be the leader of the
little group and he told the others to make a mattress for " The Lady"
out of some cardboard boxes that were stacked beside a dumpster
near the back wall.

I watched the boys hurriedly tear the boxes open and make a mattress
for me out of view behind the dumpster. I could tell how excited they
were thinking about what they were going to do with me. I could see
the outline of their hard young cocks in their tight jeans.

I felt strangely calm as I lifted my dress up and lied on the cardboard
when they told me to. I looked up at their young faces as they looked
down at me. They weren't angels but they weren't punks either. They
weren't going to hurt me, like all teenage boys they just wanted someone
to fuck. And in a way I was happy to be that someone for them.

Lying on the cardboard was better than lying on the cold black tar, but
not much better. It was still hard against my back as the first of them
climbed on top of me and shoved his stiff young cock inside me. He
hadn't taken his jeans off, he'd just undone the belt and zipper and
pulled his jeans down far enough to get his cock out. His zipper hurt a bit
as it rubbed against the tender skin on the inside of my thighs, but he
didn't last long anyway. He came very quickly.

The next one got me to pull the top of my dress down and take my bra off
before he fucked me. He lasted a bit longer than the first one and really
enjoyed biting and sucking on my nipples.

The third one told me to get on my hands and knees so he could fuck
me doggy style. He lasted a lot longer and his young cock felt good
as he fucked me hard and fast with the enthusiasm that comes with
youth. The forth one fucked me doggy style too, but he came almost as
soon as he put his cock inside me.

Cum was running out of my pussy and dripping down my thighs when
the last of them walked up for his turn. It was the one that had done the
talking. Although he was obviously the leader of the little group he was
also the youngest. He wouldn't have been more than 16, but he was
a lot older than a normal 16 year old.

He told me to suck him off, so I got up on my knees and undid his belt
and zipper and reached in and pulled out his stiff young cock. The others
looked on in envy as I sucked and licked his throbbing rock hard cock.

He grabbed me by the hair and pulled my head towards him as he came
forcing his cock and his cum down my throat. When he'd finished he
wiped his cock with my hair and told me to lie down again.

I was lying on my back looking up at him when he said:

" I told you we'd get you Bitch !"

He pointed his now semi erect cock at me and the other boys cheered
as his hot urine hit the skin on my stomach and started snaking a trail
up towards my face.

" Piss on her face." One of them yelled out but he didn't need any
encouragement. I closed my mouth and eyes as I felt it on my tits and
then my neck and then on my face and in my hair. When he was finished
I opened my eyes and looked up at him. He shook his cock a few times
and the last few drops floated down and landed on my face and on the
cardboard I was lying on.

The sky had suddenly started to lighten and the boys quickly ran off.
They too were nocturnal, creatures of the night. I wondered what they
were like through the day when they were at home with their parents
or at school with their friends.

I heard Lexy's heels on the tar as the night suddenly became day. She
stood over me looking down at me as I picked my bra up off the
cardboard and wiped my face with it.

The expression on her face told me what she was thinking.

" You can go back to that woman now." She said contemptuously.

" Thank you Lexy. Are you sure there's nothing else  you want me to
do ?"

Lexy didn't answer me, she looked at me one more time and just
turned and walked away. I watched her till she disappeared from
sight.

I dragged myself to my feet and fixed my dress up as best I could and
threw my bra into the dumpster. I was combing my hair with my fingers
when I heard footsteps and a strange squeaking sound coming down
the now brightly lit Laneway. The place didn't seem as intimidating in
daylight and I just kept tidying myself up as best I could but my dress
was dirty and stained with cum and urine.

I didn't know what my Mistress would say when she saw me. But it was
her that gave me to Lexy for the night. I'd only done as I had been told
to do. Like a good slave is suppose to do.

The sound I'd heard was an old woman dragging a shopping trolley full
of her "possessions." She was an old woman hunched over slightly as
she walked. But I noticed she had a watch on.

" Could you tell me what time it is please ?" I asked politely. As another
three old woman came down the Laneway.

" Shoes." She answered in a deep shaky voice. She'd tell me the time if I
gave her my shoes.

" Forget it." I said as I headed for the Laneway.

" Shoes." She called after me. I stopped and looked back at the pathetic
old woman. My old house wife shoes could probably buy her some food,
and I didn't need them anymore anyway.

" OK" I said as I took off my shoes and she snatched them from my
hands. "  7.32." The old woman said looking at her watch.

" Thank you."  I'd been with Lexy for over 14 hours.

I walked up the Laneway and down Kellet Street. I didn't know the
backstreets the way Lexy did so I had to go down Victoria Street
which I knew would still be busy at this time of the morning as people
made their way home after big nights out and as others started the day.

Everybody I passed gave me strange looks and made sure they didn't
brush against me as we passed each other. I couldn't blame them, I'd
caught a glimpse of myself in a few shop windows.

I was physically and emotionally exhausted as I dragged myself up the
steps of the Mistress's house and rang the doorbell.

Kelly answered the door dressed in her little French Maid's outfit.
" Looks like you've had a big night." Kelly said sarcastically as she looked
me up and down. " Leave your shoes somewhere Lynne ?"

" Can I come inside please Miss ?"

" No !  Go around the back, I'll have to hose you off before you can come
inside."

" Yes Miss." I answered politely as I staggered down the steps and
headed for the Laneway behind the Mistress's house, my mind filled
with images of what I'd done that night.

People talk about the seedy side of Sydney or the dark side of society.
I never really knew just what they meant until that night. It was like
I'd had a glimpse of another world.

Maybe that's why The Mistress gave me to Lexy for the night. I didn't feel
that I was as weird or as strange as I had before. Not after what I saw
and experienced when I spent a night in the shadows with Lexy.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 16. NOT A GAME ANYMORE. Part 1.

" Can I come inside please Miss ?"

" No ! Go around the back, I'll have to hose you off before you can
come in."

" Yes Miss." I answered politely as I staggered down the steps and
headed for the Laneway behind the Mistress's house, my mind filled
with images of what I'd done that night.

People talk about the seedy side of Sydney or the dark side of society.
I never really knew just what they meant until that night. It was like
I'd had a glimpse of another world.

Maybe that's why The Mistress gave me to Lexy for the night. I didn't feel
that I was as weird or as strange as I had before. Not after what I saw
and experienced when I spent a night in the shadows with Lexy.

It wasn't quite 3 weeks since that night at the party in the garage and
yet so much had happened. Just as was the case in the 14 hours Lexy
had me for. Now that the night with Lexy was suddenly over I was equally
as suddenly exhausted.

I had to shield my eyes from the bright winter sun as I staggered around
the corner and up the narrow Laneway behind the row of big expensive
old Townhouses. I wasn't sure which house was the Mistress's. But then I
thought about how large her house was, hallways and rooms everywhere.

The dungeon they'd locked me in was obviously in a remodelled
basement or cellar, but as I looked down the alley at the row of attached
houses I wondered how many belonged to The Mistress.

The houses were late 19th Century, 5 levels high including what looked
like attics. The houses along the entire block were all joined together,
each house shared a "common wall" with the next. I wondered how many
of the houses were linked together with hallways to make The Mistress's
house.

" In here !" A voice growled at me from behind a high corrugated iron
gate that had been partially opened. The voice belonged to one of the
ugly scruffy looking men that Lexy and I had sucked off for the Mistress
the night before. "The Night Before..Was it really only last night that we
got on our knees and sucked the men off while the Mistress watched?"
It seemed a week ago.

" In here you stupid fucking bitch !" He yelled at me again. I'd been
lost in my thoughts but the tone of his voice and the look on his face
snapped me out of my daydream.

" I'm sorry." I said meekly as I squeezed past him. He stunk of beer and
sweat and cigarettes.

He gabbed my arm and dragged me across a small paved courtyard. A
large arched Oak door swung open and he passed me to the other man
from the previous night who grabbed my  arm and pulled me into a large
and bare room. There was nothing in the room at all. Not one piece of
furniture. Just a bare concrete floor and Sandstone block walls, and
some floodlights throwing bright white light down from the timber
ceiling.

Another large arched Oak door on the other side of the room swung open
and Kelly walked in and held it open for The Blonde Woman, my
Mistress.

She is a stunningly attractive woman. That was the first thing I'd
noticed about her at the party a few weeks ago when this all started.
And every time I'd seen her since she looked just as magnificent
as she had that first night.

This time she was dressed in a short black leather skirt and a tight
long sleeved black woollen sweater that hugged her body. Her soft
blonde hair fell down over her shoulders and a few inches down her
back.

She never seemed to wear much if any make up. She didn't need to. Her
skin was naturally soft and smooth. Her deep blue eyes and rich pink
lips were  inviting enough without mascara or eye shadow or lip
gloss like most women need.

" Get on your knees slut !" The man holding me said angrily as he pushed
me onto the floor. I landed heavily on the cold hard concrete. My hands
slapping loudly on the floor as I tried to cushion my fall. I grunted loudly
from the pain and shock of my unexpected impact with the floor.

" Where are your shoes Lynne ?" The Mistress asked as she walked
towards me. I looked up at her, in awe of her.

" Get up on your fucking knees you slut!" The man yelled at me
impatiently.

" Thank you Trevor." The Mistress said as he grabbed my hair and pulled
me to my knees.

The rough concrete rubbed hard against my skin as I knelt in front of
her. She stopped a few feet in front of me and my eyes followed the
inviting trail from her black high heeled shoes up the sheer silk stockings
that hugged her long slim legs, up to the top of her thighs and over her
skirt  and top to her face and eyes.

I don't know whether it was because I was so tired or whether my mind
was just lost in the beauty of the woman who stood over me but I didn't
answer her. I just knelt in front of her, looking up at her, admiring
everything about her.

" Where are your shoes Lynne ?" She asked again in a voice that
snapped me out of the trance her presence had put me in.

" I'm sorry Mistress." I answered nervously stalling for time while I
tried to compose myself and tried to remember what had happened to
my shoes.

After a few agonising seconds of silence I told her about the old woman
who wanted my shoes. She asked me a few questions about what I'd
done for Lexy the night before and then she asked me what all the stains
on my dress were.

" Cum and urine Mistress."

She enjoyed listening to me tell her what had happened to me with the 5
young boys.

".......and after he came in my mouth he made me lie on the ground
again and stood over me and pissed on me. Mainly on my stomach and
chest but on my face and in my hair as well."

" I need a piss." I heard Trevor say behind me. I didn't want to look
at him so I just looked up at my Mistress trying to ignore him and hoping
she wouldn't let him do it.

" I need a piss too." Kelly said wearing a lecherous smile.

The Mistress enjoyed letting their words hang in the air. She enjoyed
watching me beg her with my eyes not to let them do it to me. But the
look in her eyes told me she was going to let them.

" Hose her off, sterilise her and then put her in a cage." I'm sure my body
slumped in relief when I heard her say it.

Kelly opened the door for her and she left without looking at me again.

" Take your filthy dress off bitch !" Trevor snapped at me as he opened
the metal doors to a large cabinet recessed into the wall. He rolled out
a thick black rubber fire hose as I reached behind myself and undid the
zipper on my dress.

They made me go outside naked and put my soiled dress in a large
garbage bin at the back near the fence. Neither of them wanted to touch
my dress.

Then they made me stand in the middle of the room and Trevor pointed
the nozzle of the Firehose at me. Trevor and Kelly exchanged smiles just
before he pulled a lever which sent a jet of cold water from the fire hose
which hit me like a punch in the stomach.

The force of the water hurt but the icy coldness of the water hurt even
more. I screamed and  squealed and  jumped around  and  begged him
to stop. But the more I did all of that the more they enjoyed doing it to
me.

Suddenly the water was hitting me with a lot less pressure. Trevor  told
me too open my legs so he could hose off my dirty little cunt. Then Kelly
told me turn around, bend over and pull the cheeks of my arse apart and
Trevor hosed off my arse and between the cheeks of my arse.

I was cold and sore and humiliated by the time they were finished hosing
me off. Trevor turned the hose off and threw it at Kelly and told her to
hose the room out and told me to follow him.

He led the way through the door and down a long hallway. I was naked
and shivering as I followed him.

Another woman I hadn't seen before passed us in the hallway. She was
dressed in one of the red slave girl outfits that Kelly had worn before.
She bowed her head and said " I'm sorry Sir." as Trevor  pushed past
her, and she laughed quietly to herself when she saw me.

Trevor led me into a room that was almost as bare and cold looking as
the room they hosed me off in. There was a bath in one corner a toilet in
the other and a shower head on the wall opposite a small hand basin.
The hot water stung my cold skin at first but it felt good. Trevor  made
me soap myself up with industrial hand cleaner and scrub myself over
and over.

" We have to sterilise you after what you got up to last night you dirty
little whore." He said smugly as he watched me wash away the remnants
left on and in my body from the night before.

After washing myself a dozen times in the shower Trevor  made me lie on
the cold floor while he gave me an enema. He was not at all gentle when
he inserted the tube inside me. I hated him giving me the enema, if I had
to have one I wished Kelly could have given it to me. But as much as I
hated the look on Trevor's face as he gave me the enema,I hated the
look he gave me as he watched me sit on the toilet even more.

" A slave has no dignity Lynne." The Mistress had told me.

He made me douche myself three times, then I had to get back in the
shower again. It felt like they really were "Sterilising"me.
I had to gargle with a strong antiseptic tasting mouth wash a few times
and then clean my teeth four or five times and then gargle again with a
peppermint flavoured mouth wash and then clean my teeth again.

Trevor gave me some shaving cream and a razor to shave my pussy with.
I didn't really need to shave myself down there again just yet, I think he
just wanted to watch me do it. After I'd shaved myself  he gave me a
cream to rub into the soft skin of my pussy. He said it stopped the skin
from chafing, it probably did, but he seemed to enjoy watching me rub
the cream into my pussy and the skin around my pussy, but not as much
as I enjoyed rubbing myself.

Trevor ran a beautifully scented bath for me and gave me a soft pink
sponge to wash myself with. It felt so good lying in the hot water, the
steam rising around my body.

Kelly came into the bathroom as I was  drying myself with a big fluffy
white towel and said. " You're bodies clean now Lynne, but you're still a
dirty little slut."

" I know I am Miss." I answered casually. " And so are you." I said to
myself.

" Do you want me to take care of the little bitch now Sir ?" She asked
Trevor politely.

" Yeah, I've seen enough of this bitch."  He said casually as he looked
me up and down. " Do you think she's attractive Kelly ?"

" No I don't Sir." Kelly answered quickly.

" No. Neither do I. There's plenty of really hot young sluts around, why
are we wasting our time with 30 year old whores like this fucking bitch."

Kelly sprayed me with a beautifully scented perfume and applied layers
of makeup to my face. Foundation,powder,  blush, red lip gloss, mascara.

I  couldn't stop thinking about what Trevor had said. I was only 32 but I
felt like an old whore as I looked at Kelly. She was so young and sexy and
pretty without all the makeup they seemed to feel I needed. I felt like an
old whore and I hated the way it felt.

Kelly brushed my hair and gave me one of the little white slave girl outfits
to put on. I wrapped the short white jagged bottomed skirt around my
waist  and tied it in a knot near my left hip. Kelly wrapped the sheer
white silk scarf around the back of my neck crossed it over my chest
cupped my breasts in the material and tied the it  in a knot behind my
back. Then she tied a black leather collar with gold studs around my
neck and clipped a leash to it and led me back out into the hall.

The collar cut into my neck each time Kelly pulled on my leash as she
walked me through a maze of hallways and down some stairs. I thought
she was taking me to the Dungeon but when she opened the door and
pulled me into the room by my leash my chin dropped in amazement as
I looked around me.

The light in the room was that yellow Sodium light. But it wasn't the
strange yellow light that had me looking around in astonishment, it was
the rows of " Prison Cells".

Kelly could see the expression on my face." This isn't a game anymore
Lynne." She said looking at me with more affection than she had shown
me since I betrayed her. " If you go ahead with this you have to realise
that this is very real. What we do here is very real. We don't pretend to
be slaves we don't play games where we imagine we're slaves. We ARE
slaves Lynne. Completely and utterly submissive to the Mistress. We
belong to her in every way, she owns us just as she owns her dog. And
she does whatever she wants with us.........That includes keeping us in
cages ."

Kelly went silent, her lecture was over. I looked around the room. There
were five " Cages " on each side of a narrow walkway. The floor was bare
concrete and the walls were large concrete blocks. The cages were about
5' x 5' with bars at the front and between them. Each cage had a small
bunk,a toilet and a hand  basin in it. There were no windows anywhere. I
was sure the Cage room was below ground.

The low roof was the same cold grey concrete as the floor with a small
vent and a large steel hook in each of the Cages.

I could feel the walls closing in on me as Kelly led me slowly down
between the rows of cages. The walkway and the cages glowed eerily
from the soft yellow light that spilled down from cast iron bulkheads on
the roof. And the faint sound of water dripping somewhere echoed
around the concrete cavity where the slaves were kept.

Kelly was right, it was all very real.

There was someone lying on the bunk in one of the cages to my right, but
they had a blanket pulled up over themselves so I couldn't see them
clearly, and they never moved or said  anything.

"This is where we spend our time when the Mistress has no use for us."
Kelly said as she moved down the walkway between the cages. She
stopped at the end of the walkway and leant against the concrete block
wall. I followed along sheepishly behind her. I hadn't expected this. I
don't really know what I expected but not this.

" Are you still sure this is what you want Lynne ?"

I wasn't sure, I needed time to think but there was none, as there never
was when I was faced with deciding whether this lifestyle was what I
really wanted. The door swung open and Trevor stormed into the room
with a bundle of keys in his hand that rattled loudly as he moved.

"Get your fucking slut arse upstairs Kelly the Mistress wants you."

" Yes Sir." Kelly said quickly and politely and almost jogged out of the
room. She obviously knew not to keep the Mistress waiting.

" Kelly..." I called after her. She stopped and turned around with an
anxious expression on her face.

" What Lynne ?"

" Which is your cage ?"

" That one." She said pointing to the last one on the left. " It's opposite
yours." She did run from the room now that I'd held her up.

Suddenly Trevor grabbed my arm and dragged me to what would be my
cage. The big steel bar door squeaked slightly when Trevor opened it and
pushed me in.

I watched him close the door to my cage, I listened to him lock it and
then to his footsteps as he walked down the walkway and out of the
room where the cages were. And then there was silence.  The cage
opposite me, Kelly's cage was about 4 feet away, and I could see the
woman lying on the bed through the bars between her cage and mine.

" Have they gone ?" The woman whispered from under her blanket.

" Yes." I answered warily. The blanket was suddenly thrown back and a
beautiful young blonde woman dressed in a Red Slave Girl outfit walked
towards me.

" So you're Lynne." She said running her eyes over me as she spoke.

" Um....Yes..." I wasn't quite sure what to say. She was a stunningly
attractive woman. Very early twenties, about 5'6'' , with long blonde hair
that fell down behind her to the top of her little round arse. She was a
natural blonde, I couldn't help noticing when she got up from the bunk.
But it did make me wonder why she wasn't shaved.

" I'm Cherie." She said in a soft sensuous voice as she approached the
bars that separated us.

Everything about her was perfect. Long slim legs, large firm breasts, soft
flawless skin and her eyes were the most exquisite pale blue colour I'd
ever seen. Her beauty wasn't just ornamental though. She had an
incredibly sensuous and seductive aura about her too.

" You've got beautiful eyes Cherie." I said to myself as she wrapped her
soft delicate hands around the bars. I wanted to wrap my hands around
hers.  Suddenly I found myself thinking about what Trevor had said.

" There's plenty of really hot young sluts around, why are we wasting our
time with 30 year old whores like this fucking bitch ? "

I know I'm an attractive woman but I also know that there's nothing
exceptional about me like there is with Cherie or Kelly. If I was the
Mistress and I had women like Kelly and Cherie to play with I wouldn't be
remotely interested in a woman like me . There was just no comparison.

" You had a big night with Lexy I hear." Cherie said in that delicious voice
of hers. " Yes...I did." I said wondering how much she knew about me.
Cherie sensed my unease. " Don't worry Lynne." She said in a way that
made my knees go weak. " Word gets around about what's happening
with everybody."

" How many slaves does the Mistress have ?" I asked. " There's eight of
us that I know of. Kelly, Desley, Rebecca, Kim, Colleen, Monica, Kirsty
and me."

" EIGHT !" I said stunned at the thought. " But.......... isn't Rebecca a
Mistress ?"

" She's just a slave like the rest of us. She's just allowed to play Mistress
sometimes. She's very good with a whip." Cherie had a cute little smile
on her face. I couldn't help but smile back.

" Eight !" I said again still amazed at the thought.

" There's always room for one more. That's one of the reasons Kelly
hates you so much. Her and Desley have become little more than
chambermaids lately. They spend most of their time just doing
housework and things like that. The Mistress hasn't really played with
Kelly for a while and she's worried. Desley's in her early 40s . She knows
she's past her best but she's accepted it. She only has a short time left
here and she knows it, there's nothing she can do about it."

" What about you, how did you...."

" How did I end up here?" She smiled again. " I was sexually active from
a very young age, with both men and women. But the harder I tried to
find ' satisfaction ' the more frustrated I became. I was doing some
modelling work, mainly lingerie and swimsuit stuff, and I met the
Mistress at a private function for new designers at the Hilton.

I was modelling a really skimpy little bra and panties set and I saw her
face in the crowd. I'd never noticed anybody the way I noticed her. There
was just something about her, the way she looked at me, it was as if she
was the only one in the room and I was modelling just for her.

I'd modelled underwear and lingerie in front of 100s of men and women
before but it was the first time it made me wet. When I got back to the
dressing room the front of the panties I was modelling had a big wet
patch on them. You should have seen the looks I got backstage  in the
dressing room.

Anyway I hung around her at the drinks party afterwards but she ignored
me, which just made me want her even more. Before I knew it I was
working as a whore for her and doing all sorts of things that I'd never
imagined doing. But I'd finally found what I wanted, what had been
missing from my life. Eventually she took me as her slave and I've been
here about 6 months now......And No.....I don't know her name."

" Do you spend much time in here?" I asked looking around her cage.

" No. We just sleep here mainly. But if we do something to displease the
Mistress or one of her friends  she might lock us up in our cages for days.
Sometimes she does so anyway just to amuse herself. But it's like Kelly
told you Lynne. It's not a game. It's very very real....."

Cherie went suddenly quiet as the door to the cage room opened. Kelly
held the door open for the Mistress who walked slowly and elegantly
down the walkway towards us.

Cherie moved over to the bars at the front of her cage and dropped to
her knees with her head bowed. I quickly copied her actions.

" You did very well last night." I heard the Mistress say as I stared at the
concrete floor in front of my cage.

" Thank you Mistress." Cherie said excitedly.

" A number of my guests commented favourably on the entertainment
you provided last night Cherie. But Kelly tells me she saw you have an
orgasm whilst entertaining  some of my guests."

" No Mistress I didn't." Cherie's voice was a mixture of disbelief and
panic. " I didn't Mistress. You told me not to and I didn't. I promise you
Mistress I obeyed you in every way...."

" Perhaps Kelly was mistaken Cherie."

" Yes Mistress she is. I obeyed you Mistress I always do and always will
you know that...."

There was a tense silence for what seemed a long time. I saw Kelly out of
the corner of my eye. She was enjoying watching Cherie squirm.

" I believe you Cherie." The Mistress said calmly and Kelly shot Cherie a
hateful glare. " Have you masturbated since you were brought down here
this morning ?"

" No Mistress." Cherie said in what seemed genuine surprise that the
Mistress would even think she had. " You told me you might let me
masturbate today or tomorrow and I've waited for your permission."

" Do you want to masturbate Cherie. Do you want to rub that wet pussy
of yours and make yourself cum ?"

" What I want doesn't matter Mistress. I need to cum but I would never
masturbate without your permission."

" You have my permission Cherie. You may have one orgasm and then
you will sleep. You might have a big night ahead of you."

" Thank you Mistress thank you..."

The Mistress wasn't listening to Cherie's pathetic expressions of
gratitude. She'd turned to face Kelly who looked suddenly pale and
nervous. " Wait for me in the dungeon Kelly."

" Yes Mistress." Kelly said in a shaky voice as she scurried away.

The Mistress turned back to face Cherie and reached through the bars
and gently stroked her soft blonde hair. " You're a very beautiful woman
Cherie. But you are not as beautiful as you think you are. You over
estimate yourself.

And raw beauty in itself is not enough to maintain my interest in you or
any other slave. If you want to be more than just a temporary decoration
around here you better learn that lesson."

" I'm sorry that I've done things in the past to make you doubt me
Mistress." Cherie said. Her eyes alive with passion. " But I'll be whatever
it is you want me to be. I'll do whatever you want me to do....."

" Good !" The Mistress said abruptly. " For now I want you to be a good
little slut and get yourself off and go to sleep. I might have plans for you
tonight."

" Thank you Mistress. I'll be a good little slut....."

Cherie and I stayed on our knees as we watched the Mistress walk away.
We both savoured every moment of the view we had of her.

As I enjoyed the last glimpse I had of The Mistress before the door closed
behind her I realised that no one had even acknowledged I was there.
The whole time the Mistress and Kelly and Cherie had been talking no
one had even looked at me. It WAS as if I wasn't there.

" Cherie..." I said softly as I got up off my knees and moved towards the
bars that separated our cages. But Cherie didn't answer. She just put her
finger to her lips gesturing for me to be quiet and layed down on her
bunk.

I layed down on my bunk for the first time and rolled onto my side and
watched Cherie through the bars that separated us. She was lying on her
back with her eyes closed, her hands caressing her stomach and working
their way down her body. Cherie had permission to masturbate and she
wasn't going to waste any time in doing so.

What had they done to her last night I wondered as I watched her hands
roaming over her body. And how long had she been made to wait for
some pleasure of her own? From the gentle moaning sounds she was
making already she had been made to wait too long.

I watched her slide her hands under her little slave girl skirt and bury
her fingers into the wet mound of blonde hair between her legs. Three
fingers slid easily inside her and she was soon writhing on the bed and
moaning loudly.

Cherie reached down with her other hand and pulled her lips apart and
started cumming loudly as soon as she rubbed her swollen clit. Her body
bucked wildly and her head thrashed from side to side from the pleasure
her fingers gave her. She was very loud when she came, groaning and
grunting wildly with each spasm of ecstasy that she'd waited so long for
and needed so desperately.

Gradually the noises from Cherie's cage became softer and less frantic.
The wild groaning and grunting sounds gave way to quieter moaning
noises which slowly faded into soft whimpering sounds and then there
was silence.

Cherie's fingers glistened with her juices her breathing still heavy from
the exertion her body had been through. I drifted off to sleep watching
Cherie drift off to sleep.

I was exhausted from the night I'd spent with Lexy and I don't know how
long I slept for. But I awoke suddenly in fright.  Someone was standing
over me yelling at me, a man.....a man I hadn't seen before.
I was still only half awake when he pulled me off my bunk onto the floor.
" Come here you stupid slut !" He yelled at me as he fumbled for the
buckle on the collar around my neck.

I was wide wake after hitting the cold concrete floor. He clipped a metal
leash to my collar and pulled me to my feet and dragged me out of my
cage and down the hall.

" You got stuck with her Simon." Trevor said looking at me and laughing
as he walked towards us in the hallway.

" Yeah it's the first time I've seen her, pretty ordinary."

" That's what everybody says." Trevor said as he passed us.

Simon led me into a bathroom and told me to fix myself up because I
had to go upstairs.  I washed my face with some cool water, reapplied my
makeup and perfume and brushed my hair.

I snuck a few glances at Simon while I brushed my hair. He was quite
good looking, young ,early 20s probably with short bleached hair and a
silver stud in his left ear. He looked good in his white silk shirt and black
trousers as he stood there holding my leash.

" Come on Bitch !"

I looked up and saw Trevor standing in the doorway. He was holding a
silver metal leash attached to the collar around the neck of a very
attractive woman. She was dressed in one of the red Slave Girl outfits .
She was young and slim with  long blonde hair. I thought it was Cherie at
first glance but it wasn't.

" You've got too much fucking make up on as usual Monica !" Simon
yelled at the woman on the end of the leash.

" You wouldn't be complaining if you'd seen the slut without all that
makeup on." Trevor said and the two men laughed the way men do.

" They want them upstairs Now Simon." Trevor said as he pulled on the
woman's lead and they disappeared down the hall.

"Excuse me Sir." I said anxiously, not exactly sure what to say.

" What !" Simon barked at me in a frustrated almost angry voice.

" I.....I.....need to use the toilet Sir."

A smug look slowly spread across his face. " We wouldn't want you
wetting yourself in front of everybody like you did last time. Would we
Lynne ?"

" No Sir."

" We wouldn't want to have to put newspaper on the floor for fear you
were going to piss yourself in front of everybody again would we Lynne?"

" No Sir." My eyes darted nervously around the room looking anywhere
but at him.

He pulled my lead hard and the collar cut into my neck and I yelped
loudly. " Look at me when I'm talking to you slut ! "

" I'm sorry Sir." I looked into his eyes and saw how much he was enjoying
himself.

" Now. We  don't want you pissing yourself in front of everybody again.
Do we Lynne ? "

" No Sir. You don't want me pissing myself in front of everybody again."

" Or do we ?" He said with an almost depraved smile on his face. I
wanted to look away but I knew I couldn't. I just had to stand there and
look at him. "They wouldn't do that to me again." I tried to tell myself.
But I couldn't read his face.  I wasn't sure.

" OK Lynne. But hurry up !" He said with that look still on his face.

" Thank you Sir." I said meekly as I turned and walked towards the toilet.

But Simon stood still and my collar grabbed me around my throat when I
reached the end of the leash.

Simon laughed at me and then walked me over to the toilet. I lifted my
skirt and sat down. He watched me and listened to me the whole time. I
didn't want to look at him but I knew I had to.

When I was finished I took some sheets  of paper from the dispenser and
wiped myself then stood up and flushed the toilet and straightened my
little slave girl skirt.

" Clean yourself properly you dirty little slut !" He yelled at me as he
dragged me over to the sink and wet a hand towel with hot water.

" Lift your skirt up and open your legs.!" I moved my feet apart and lifted
up the front of my skirt. I gasped loudly as he grabbed me between the
legs with the hot towel and I gasped again as he rubbed the soft skin of
my crotch hard with the towel. When he'd finished srcubbing me
between the legs he threw the towel into a small white bin beside the
sink.

" No one will want to use that again now will they Lynne ?"

" No Sir." I answered meekly as he threw me another towel to dry myself
with. It too ended up in the bin beside the sink.

" You can put your skirt down now Lynne. I've seen enough." I lowered
my skirt as he pulled on my leash and led me back out into the hallway.
He took me up a couple of flights of stairs and through a door which
opened into the sitting room where Lexy and I had entertained the
Mistress.

She was sitting on the couch with a woman I hadn't seen before. They
were drinking coffee like old friends. Monica and Cherie were standing in
front of them holding their little slave girl skirts up in the air to show what
they had to offer.

" All of them are shaved except for Cherie." The Mistress said as Simon
led me into the room and stood me in the corner near the door. " Cherie
has such beautiful blonde pussy hair that I make an exception for her.
I'm sure you can see why Kylie." The Mistress ran her finger lightly over
the neatly trimmed strip of blonde hair between Cherie's legs. But Kylie,
the woman sitting with the Mistress didn't say anything, she just smiled
nervously.

Kylie looked so out of place here. She was young, early 20s if that and
she was so "Normal" looking. She was slim with straight brown hair,
average sized tits and a very average appearance in general. She wasn't
unattractive just very plain and very innocent looking.

It was strange looking at her sitting there. She wore a sheer white blouse,
a shortish black skirt and black stockings. But the strangest part was the
nametag she had clipped to her blouse. She obviously worked in one of
the supermarkets or chain stores.

" Cherie and Monica can entertain us for a while and then you can
choose which one you want to play with Kylie."  Cherie and Monica
somehow knew what the Mistress meant and took each others hand and
moved over and stood on a rug in front of the couch where the Mistress
and Kylie sat. The warm red glow on their faces from the fire place
behind them only added to the beauty of the two young blonde women.
Cherie wrapped her hands gently around Monica's face and they began a
long soft sensuous kiss. Monica's hands quickly undid Cherie's little
slave girl top and it fell to the floor  exposing Cherie's large firm tits for
all
of us to enjoy.

Cherie quickly did the same as their tongues continued to dance with
ever increasing passion. Monica's tits were only average in size but she
had very big nipples that were a rich deep red colour. They were erect
and hard and Cherie lowered her mouth and began sucking and biting on
them. Monica let out a low gentle moan as Cherie sucked her nipple into
her mouth.

The two women locked their mouths and tongues in another kiss, more
passionate and desperate than the first. They slowly lowered themselves
to their knees on the rug as they kissed and explored each others bodies
with their hands.

They were both so alluring so seductive the way they made love I wanted
desperately to get down on the rug with them. It was so sensuous the
way they undid each others little slave girl skirts and flung them away.

Then they gently rolled onto the floor and wrapped themselves around
each other into a 69 position frantically licking and sucking on each
others wet pussy's, their little red slave girl outfits scattered on the floor
around them.

" This is the one I was telling you about Kylie." The Mistress said without
looking at me. " Her name's Lynne, she's 32, and  she's not bad for her
age don't you think ? "

Simon grabbed my leash and led me over and stood me in front of them
with Monica and Cherie moaning softly behind me.

I'd been captivated by everything the two beautiful young blonde women
were doing with each other. Every soft kiss, every tender caress and
every gentle moan they made. But the Mistress and Kylie had only
glanced over at them occasionally, just as people glance up at a TV as
they sit and chat and drink coffee.

It was all so bizarre. A woman like Kylie just didn't belong here. And she
acted as if she didn't belong here. She was nervous and almost shy the
way she looked at me.

" Do you like that ?" The Mistress asked as she leaned over and lifted up
the front of my skirt.

Kylie looked so embarrassed as she gazed at my pussy, but there was
lust in her eyes too, a lust that didn't  fit an innocent  young woman like
her.

" Lynne's got a nice cunt hasn't she ?" The Mistress said casually." Open
yourself up and show Kylie your cunt Lynne."  She let go of the front of
my skirt  and pulled at the knot near my hip and my little white slave girl
skirt fell to the floor at my feet. I reached down and pulled my lips apart
as wide as I could. The Mistress kept saying how nice my cunt was and
how big my clit was. The more she talked the more slippery my cunt lips
became and the more difficult it was to hold them apart.

" She's got nice tits too Kylie." The Mistress said gesturing at Simon. He
pulled at the knot that tied my little slave girl top around me and flung
it to the floor with my skirt and my tits spilled out in front of me.
Kylie's eye's wandered over my body nervously. She wasn't openly staring
at me. It was almost as if she was sneaking glimpses of me. I'm sure she
noticed how big mytits were and how stiff my nipples were but she never
said anything. She just glanced nervously at my moist pink cunt and my
big tits.

"Now turn around and show Kylie your cute little arse hole Lynne." The
Mistress said smiling at Kylie.

Simon still had hold of my leash as I turned around, bent over, reached
behind me and pulled the cheeks of my arse apart for Kylie. I couldn't
see her face, but I could feel her eyes on my arse hole.
Monica and Cherie were moaning quietly on the floor in front of me as I
stood there bent over displaying a part of me that no woman should ever
display. I think I could have cum just standing there like that if the
Mistress had told me to.

" What do you think of Lynne, Kylie ?

" She's OK." Kylie said timidly. " But could you get her to move so I could
see the other two please ?"

" Move her out of the way please Simon." The Mistress sounded
disappointed. Disappointed with me that Kylie wasn't all that impressed
with me.

It was the first time Kylie had spoken and her soft timid voice sounded
as out of place as she looked. Simon pulled on my leash and stood me in
the corner near the door again and left me there, naked, my leash
hanging by my side. But nobody really noticed me anyway. Everybody's
attention was focused on Monica and Cherie.

" I want you two to cum together for us." The Mistress said in a soft but
firm voice. " Yes Mistress." They gasped, their voices filled with urgency
and passion.

Kylie, the innocent little shop assistant looked even more out of place
now as she shifted nervously on the couch, her hands fidgeting in her
lap. Her  eyes reflected the conflicting emotions that ran through her
young body. A cocktail of   nervousness and embarrassment mixed with
excitement and anticipation as she watched the two women on the floor
in front of her.

Monica was on her back on the rug with Cherie on top of her their faces
buried between each others legs. " Stick your tongue inside me Cherie."
Monica panted in a voice that was little more than a whisper. But the
noise she let out as Cherie stabbed her tongue deep inside Monica
echoed hauntingly around the room.

" I'm ready Cherie...I'm ready to cum...."

" I'm nearly there Monica..." Cherie moaned loudly." Lick my arse hole."

Monica lifted her head from between Cherie's legs, her face was covered
with Cherie's  juices. She ran her tongue over the outside of Cherie's
arse hole. " Oh Fuck Yes..." Cherie cried out as she felt Monica's tongue
stabbing at her tight pink arse hole.

" Oh God Cherie I can't wait much longer....." Monica's voice trembled
with desperation.

" I'm nearly there Monica, rub my clit while you lick my arse hole.........

" Please Cherie I can't wait........cum with me I can't wait....please...."

" I'm going to cum Monica....I'm going to cum......."

" I'm cumming Cherie OH FUCK I'm cumming....."

Their words became noises as they humped each others faces and
screamed out at each other. I glanced over at Kylie. The innocent little
shop assistant kept trying to look away but she couldn't. The sight of the
two beautiful women writhing in ecstasy on the floor in front of her kept
drawing her back.

Monica's orgasm had exploded inside her an instant before Cherie's had.
And hers  plateaued and then subsided first, but Cherie had cum again
just as her first orgasm had started to recede. Her second orgasm was
even more intense that her first. She thrashed around wildly, thrusting
herself hard against Monica's face, her eyes were wild and her face
contorted from the waves of pleasure that threatened to never stop
pounding her body and soul.

Gradually the intensity of Cherie's orgasm eased and eventually faded
away. She let out one last loud whimpering sound and collapsed on top
of Monica and the two women lay there in a web of arms and legs
enjoying the afterglow of the pleasure they'd shared.

" Which one do you want ?" The Mistress asked calmly. There was
nothing calm or relaxed about Kylie though. Her eyes were on fire, her
face flushed, her breathing heavy.

Cherie and Monica are both stunning women. Both young and slim with
long blonde hair that fell over there bodies as they lay on the floor
together.  Cherie has larger breasts than Monica, but Monica has
incredibly large nipples. Cherie has a strip of golden hair snaking it's way
along the lips of her pussy, and Monica is completely shaved with a
clitoris that pokes out invitingly from between her pink lips.

How do you choose between them ? Monica wears a lot of make up but it
suits her and Cherie has a natural beauty that make up would detract
from.

They're both strikingly beautiful and sensual young women. How do you
choose one of them over the other ?

" The one on top." Kylie pushed the words out in a trembling whisper.

As soon as she said it the expressions on Cherie's and Monica's faces
changed. Monica smiled and closed her eyes and sighed in relief. But
Cherie's face was suddenly filled with what could only be described as
fear. I could see tears swelling in her eyes. She looked terrified. I didn't
understand. Why was she so upset that the innocent little shop assistant
had chosen her ?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 17. NOT A GAME ANYMORE. Part 2.

They're both strikingly beautiful and sensual young women. How do you
choose one of them over the other ?
" The one on top." Kylie pushed the words out in a trembling whisper.
As soon as she said it the expressions on Cherie's and Monica's faces
changed. Monica smiled and closed her eyes and sighed in relief. But
Cherie's face was suddenly filled with what could only be described as
fear. I could see tears swelling in her eyes. She looked terrified. I didn't
understand. Why was she so upset that the innocent little shop assistant
had chosen her ?
I could see Cherie fighting to compose herself as Monica began
untangling her body from Cherie's. " Thank you for choosing me Miss."
Cherie's voice shook as she spoke. " I won't disappoint you...."
" For your sake I hope you don't." The Mistress said coldly as she and
Kylie stood up and walked towards the door. " Get her ready Monica."
She added before she left the room with Kylie close behind her. Kylie
never said anything but her face had turned pale and she looked visibly
shaken. It seemed strange that both Kylie and Cherie had similar
expressions on their faces.
Simon unclipped the leash from my collar and clipped it onto Cherie's
collar. " Come on Cherie, get up." The tone of his voice was very different
to any other time he'd spoken. It had a hint of compassion to it.
Cherie struggled to get to her feet, her legs seemed to be threatening to
give way underneath her. Monica took Cherie's hand and squeezed it
tightly. She didn't speak but her eyes said a lot that Cherie seemed to
understand.

Monica reached down and picked up her little Red Slave Girl outfit and
started to quickly tie the short skirt around her waist. Cherie began to
reach down for her slave girl clothes but Simon pulled her back with the
leash. " You won't need those Cherie."

Simon pulled on the leash and led the naked Cherie out into the hall.
Monica and I followed behind them as he had told us to. There was an
eerie silence as we followed Simon along the hall and down two flights of
stairs that seemed vaguely familiar to me. No one said a word until
Simon left the three of us in a large slate tiled bathroom.

Kelly was leaning over a large corner bath that was filled with hot
steaming  water and scented foam that had started to spill over the
sides.

" You'll be alright." Monica took Cherie by the hand again.

" I know I will." Cherie said obviously trying to convince herself.

" Come on Cherie, we've got to get you ready." Kelly said in a soft
soothing voice. Cherie slid her hand from Monica's and wrapped her
fingers around Kelly's and they walked over to the bath together. Kelly
helped her step into the foam and steam.

" What's going on ?" I whispered to Monica as we watched Kelly gently
rub a pink sponge over Cherie's shoulders. " That woman...Kylie...she
seems so....."

" Innocent ?" Monica interrupted.

" Yes. And harmless. " I added as Monica's eyes met mine.

" She's a sadistic fucking bitch." Monica said coldly. " You don't know
anything Lynne. You don't understand anything. You want to be a little
slave girl do you ? Well you're about to find out what that really means."

I looked away when I saw the anger in Monica's eyes. " I'm sorry Lynne."
She said as she gently stroked my face. " It's not your fault. But giving
yourself to the Mistress means a lot more than you realise. And people
are not always what they seem. I know Kylie looks normal and innocent
but she's not, she's totally fucked up. She's a pain freak. She gets off
on watching beautiful women getting punished. She's the coldest
cruellest cunt of a woman I've ever met."

I was a bit shocked the way Monica spoke, not just the words she used
but the way she used them. " What is she going to do to Cherie...."

" Whatever she fucking wants to !" Kelly interrupted angrily. " And Cherie
will be fine. You'll be fine....." Kelly said softly as she ran her fingers
through Cherie's long hair.

" I'll be more than fine when the Mistress rewards me." Cherie said
looking up at us with a confident and determined expression on her face.

Monica knew I didn't understand. " Any slave who pleases the Mistress
by pleasing Kylie gets a very special reward. She gets to spend the night
in the Mistress's room. "

Cherie looked incredible as she stepped out of the bath. Her long blonde
hair falling over her shoulders and breasts. Her skin pink from the heat
of the bath. Little patches of white scented foam clinging to her body.
She wasn't just beautiful and sensuous she was elegant and majestic.

Monica and I dried her off with thick soft towels, slowly working our way
down her body. Her nipples grew stiff as we both spent longer drying her
breasts than we needed to, then we knelt on the floor beside her as we
dried her feet and worked our way up her legs and thighs to the soft
smooth skin of her tight round arse.

We both looked up at the wet strip of blonde hair between Cherie's legs.
We both wanted to caress her there with the towel. Monica smiled at me
and watched as I gently patted Cherie's crotch with the towel.

We were still on our knees on the floor running the towels over Cherie's
body when Kelly passed us heavy crystal jugs full of a thick brown oil that
we had to rub onto every inch of Cherie's exquisite body.

" It helps stop the skin from splitting." Monica whispered to me as we ran
our hands tenderly over Cherie's soft thighs. Cherie heard what Monica
said and I felt her body grow tense.

When we were finished we stood back and admired Cherie's magnificent
body as it glowed with the rich dark oil we had applied. She looked
incredible. Kelly put a bright red silver studded collar around her neck
and attached a long chain leash.

" Put this on her." Kelly said as she passed Monica a plastic G-String.

Cherie sucked her lips into her mouth nervously as she stepped into the
hard plastic G-String that fitted snugly between her legs. " It's to protect
me down there." Cherie said trying to smile. " They wouldn't want to
damage me there. That would really spoil their fun." There was a cold
edge to her sarcasm.

" Lets go Cherie." Kelly said calmly as she led her from the room.

" You still don't understand do you Lynne?" Monica whispered even
though we were alone now.

" Not really. I was whipped the other day and it was incredible. It hurt but
the pain was pleasurable. I climaxed from the whip...."

" That's a very different sort of whipping Lynne. That's a pleasure
whipping. One where the slave receives pleasure as well as the person
whipping her and those watching. There is no pleasure for the slave in
this sort of whipping. Only Kylie will truly enjoy what they are going to do
to Cherie."

" Then why does the Mistress do it.....?"

" Partly to test the slaves level of commitment, but mainly for the
pleasure she'll receive later with innocent young Kylie's tongue up her
arse."

I couldn't imagine the little shop assistant on her knees with her tongue
up the Mistress's arse. Women like Kylie don't do that sort of thing. But
there was much that I hadn't imagined possible that was.

I was still lost in thought trying to picture innocent little Kylie pleasuring
the Mistress when Trevor wheeled a shiny Aluminium trolley with all sorts
of things on it into the room.

Every time I saw Trevor he made my skin crawl. He and his brother
looked very alike, tall and ugly. And they always looked dirty and grotty. I
hated thinking about the things I'd done with them. Trevor looked at us
with a lecherous smile and I saw Monica smile back seductively at him.

" Is there anything I can do to please you Sir ?" Monica said as she knelt
in front of him, brushing her face over the crotch of his jeans as she did.
Trevor's face lit up smugly as he looked down at the beautiful young
woman scantily dressed on her knees at his feet offering herself to him.

Monica smiled at him again as his cock grew hard and pressed against
the crotch of his denim jeans. " Maybe later if you're lucky Monica."
Trevor said as he turned and left the room.

Monica got to her feet quickly and snuck a look down the hall to check
that he was gone.

" Don't ever cross Trevor or Peter." Monica whispered ." I know how OFF
they are and they're sick bastards. They're not sadists like Kylie they're
just sick fucked up bastards. They may only do the menial tasks around
here but the Mistress will always take their side if there's a problem with
one of the slaves. Just do whatever they tell you to, be nice to them,
make them think they turn you on, make them think you want them and
you probably won't find out just how sick they are."

" Thanks Monica...."

" Thanks Monica for what!" The Mistress said angrily as she walked into
the bathroom followed closely by a huge man wearing tight black leather
pants and big black boots. His head was shaved and he  was naked from
the waste up. The muscles in his  chest and arms rippled with every
movement. His entire upper body was covered in tattoo's, and he had a
cold cruel face that had that hard steroid induced look to it.

Monica quickly fell to her knees and bowed her head. I didn't copy her
actions quickly enough and I felt the mans hand slap me hard across the
face. " You get on your fucking knees when I walk into a room cunt !"

I hit the cold slate floor with a loud thud. The man stood over me and
drew his foot back ready to kick me with his big black leather boot.

" Lynne is new here. Forgive her this time." The Mistress said coming to
my rescue. " I'm sure she won't make the same mistake again."

" I'm sorry Master. Please forgive me." I begged him as I dragged myself
to my knees at his feet. He grabbed my hair and pulled my head up so as
our eyes met. " If you were my slave there would be no second chances
cunt !  Do you understand me ?"

" Yes Master I understand." His cold eyes told me more about him than I
wanted to know. .

"  Now answer my question! " The Mistress said angrily again. " What was
Lynne thanking you for?" Monica repeated what she'd said to me about
Trevor and his brother Peter almost word for word. The Master held me
by the hair and glared into my eyes the whole time. I couldn't look back
at him and lowered my eyes to the floor. I didn't know how he would
react, I waited for the next blow from his huge fist but nothing happened.
Slaves probably always looked away from him in fear, it's probably what
he expected and what he wanted.

I didn't understand why Monica told the Mistress everything she'd said.
She could be punished for talking like that.

" She told me because a slave always tells her Mistress the truth."

Somehow she knew what I was thinking, and it had happened a lot. The
Mistress understood me very well, better than I understood myself in
many ways.

" But that's not really the complete reason is it Monica. You told me the
truth because......."

" Because I didn't know how long you had been there Mistress. If I had
lied and you'd heard what I'd said you'd punish me more than what you
will punish me for what I said about the two Gentlemen."

The Mistress smiled. " See Lynne, Monica understands that a slave is
always in the wrong and that lying to her Mistress is not worth the risk. I
suggest you learn those lesson's too."

" Yes Mistress."

The Master threw me to the floor and laughed loudly as I looked up at
him. " Maybe one day you will be my slave."

" It would be an honour to serve you Master."

He looked down at me with a depraved and angry expression on his face
as the Mistress told us what we were to do when she sent for us. When
they were gone Monica came over and helped me up and asked me if I
was alright and fussed over me. " I'm fine Monica." I said and then I
kissed her gently on her lips. I didn't mean to it just happened. She
smiled at me and kissed me back, a long soft kiss. " I hope the Mistress
does take you as her slave."

We smiled at each other again and then Monica's expression suddenly
changed. " What's wrong Monica ?"

She walked over to the trolley and lifted a small white towel off the top.

" Shit ! I bet Cherie doesn't know that Kylie is going to use this on her "

I walked over to her and she held up a shiny metal tube about the size of
a cigarette with a small wire hanging out of the end of it, and another
longer black plastic tube that looked a bit like a pen only a lot thicker. It
also had a small wire hanging out of one end of it..

" The small one goes up her arse and this is the control."

She held the small metal one against my face and pushed the button on
top of the other one. " Shit !" It didn't really hurt that much it just caught
me by surprise.

" I heard Simon explaining it to Trevor once. It has something to do with
voltage and current being different or something like that. Anyway like I
said this one goes up her arse and they put these on her." Monica held
up a small pair of bright red crutchless latex rubber shorts.

" The latex shorts are so small and tight that once they're on her she
won't be able to get them off. They'll wrap around her body and sort of
mould around the shape of her body. They'll have to be cut off. In the
meantime Cherie will have this up her arse." She held up the small metal
tube again.

" It doesn't hurt that much really." I said confused.

" Not on your skin, but up your arse is very different. There's all sort of
nerves and soft tissue in there. Believe me Lynne, it's excruciating."

There was a long tense pause as Monica looked at the shiny metal tube.

" It only has three little batteries in the controller part, but somehow it
feels like it's plugged into the mains. I don't really understand how it
works, but I understand how much pain it inflicts on a slave."

" It feels like someone's shoving a baseball bat up your arse."  Kelly said
as she walked into the room with Simon. " The Mistress wants me to be
Kylie's chair and for you two to be her attendants." Kylie glared at me as
she spoke, I didn't understand why.

Simon started changing the batteries in the little cigarette sized metal
cylinder they were going to insert up Cherie's arse. " It's all to do with
capacitance." He said seemly to himself. Then he turned around and
looked at us. " See. Three L544XANC Lithium batteries. A year ago we'd
have had to strap a couple of bulky 731s to her back, but these little
L544XANCs solved that problem. The Japs know how to make a good
low drain battery. It's only 27 volts. But that's more than enough with a
bit of help from other technology. Bit like a cattle prod I suppose you
could say."

He seemed very proud of the little implement of torture. Like a proud
father. The "Cattle Prod" was obviously his baby, his little invention.

" A couple of ordinary triple A alkaline's and a small VLF transmitter in
the controller and a receiver in the cylinder means no messy wires
getting in the way of..........proceedings."

He was enjoying describing how his little toy worked. " The anal shaft is
stainless steel, for two reasons, hygiene SS is easy to sterilise, and it has
excellent conductive properties. But the real beauty of it is because of
the nature of it's design, low current/peak voltage, it's agonising for the
slave but it doesn't do any "Damage" at all. None ! You can torture a
slave with it for hours and not do any damage that will put her out of
service for any length of time."

He kept looking at us, watching our reactions as he boasted about how
clever it all was.  " It does feel like someone's shoving a baseball bat
up your arse doesn't it Monica ?"

" Yes Sir." Monica answered timidly. " It does feel like that."

" But it's more than that isn't it Monica? It's a combination of different
sorts of pain isn't it?"

" Yes Sir. It jolts you from your arse hole right up your spine with that
intense electric shock sort of pain as well, and it sort of burns too..."

He smiled at Monica and ran the tip of the Stainless steel shaft down her
face, over her breasts and up under her skirt.

" I better test it, don't you think Monica ?"

" Yes Sir." Monica answered reluctantly as Simon ran the metal tube
over the soft skin between her legs.

" Yes I better test it. Lift up your skirt and bend over Lynne. "

My head spun towards him. My body felt like it had already been jolted
by his little instrument of torment.

" Stick it up her arse for me Monica. I don't want to touch her there."

" Yes Sir." Monica responded without hesitating.

" Bend over a bit Lynne." She said as she knelt behind me and pushed
the back of my little white slave girl skirt up over my hips. I was still in a
bit of a daze as I bent over and held my skirt up for her. I returned to
reality very quickly when I felt the cold tip of the steel tube against my
arse hole.

I looked back at Monica on her knees behind me. When Simon wasn't
watching she quickly slid it into her mouth to lubricate it a bit with her
saliva. Then she gently slid it up into my body, . I could feel my arse suck
it inside me until only the  2 or 3 inch long metal antennae was hanging
out of me.

" It's in Sir." Simon smiled and walked away a few paces holding the
control in his hand, waiving it around, taunting me with it.

" Do you want to get down on your hands and knees Lynne ?"

" If you want me to Sir I'll......."

They were the only words I got out as the searing pain exploded inside
me. I think I screamed out but I'm not sure. The pain was intense but
only lasted an instant and when the pain was gone I was standing with
my knees bent forward, my head thrown back and my fists clenched
tightly by my sides.

" Do you want to get down on your hands and knees Lynne ?"

" Yes...Yes I do Sir....." I just dropped to the floor onto my hands and
knees the way he wanted me. " I want to be on my hands and knees at
your feet Sir....I want to be...." I know I screamed loudly the second time
the pain tore through me. My arms gave way and I think I hit  my head on
the hard slate tiles.

Again the pain only lasted an instant and when it was gone my face was
buried into the floor, my eyes squeezed shut trying to black out the pain.

" Does it work Lynne?" Simon's voice dripped with sarcasm as he
mocked me and delighted in what he was doing  to me.

" Yes Sir it works......"

" Maybe I should test it out again, just to make sure ?" He looked down
at me on my hands and knees in front of him, his thumb flicking
ominously over the little button that controlled the pain.

" No Sir please don't.....please......." I looked up begging him with my
eyes as much as with my words. " Please don't....'

I saw him smile just before I felt the pain shoot through me again. I
lurched forward from the impact inside me and my body slapped loudly
on the hard tiles, my face landing on his feet

Monica was right, the pain was excruciating. Instinctively I started licking
his shoes as I pleaded with him and offered myself to him, I would have
done anything for him to not push the little button again.

" Get your dirty tongue of my clean shoes you filthy little slut !" He held
the controller in front of me, threatening to push the pain button again.

" I'm sorry Sir." I said quickly as I frantically pushed myself away from
him, sliding backwards on my stomach over the cold slate tiles.

" Do you think we've tested it enough Monica ?"

" No Sir." My head spun around and I glared up at her. " You fucking
Bitch Monica !" Tears were swelling in my eyes. Simon passed the control
to Monica, she looked at it  for a few seconds and then down at me.

" Please Monica don't....." I couldn't believe she was going to do this to
me. She stood over me, looking down at me.

" Why don't you lick Monica's feet the way you licked my shoes Lynne?
She mightn't push the button if you do that for her?"

I slid across the floor and was licking Monica's feet before Simon had
finished speaking. She had small dainty feet, her peticured toenails were
painted a bright red colour that matched her little slave girl outfit.

I'd thought about running my tongue over Monica's body the first time I
saw her, and again when we shared that kiss, but I didn't imagine it
being like this.

" I think we really should test it out again Sir." Monica said smiling at
Simon as my tongue darted between her toes.

" Please Monica don't." I pleaded with her as I lapped at her feet.

The sudden jolt of pain threw me onto my back and I grabbed at my arse
trying to get the thing inside me out of me. Simon laughed contentedly.

" It works just fine. Get it out of her."

Monica told me to get up and bend over. I dragged myself to my feet and
bent over resting my hands on my knees as she pulled it out of me. She
washed it under the tap and put it back on the trolley next to the control
Simon had put there before he left the room smiling.

The pain was gone, Monica had her back to me as she washed her
hands in the sink. I  glared at her face in the mirror, then my eyes met
the reflection of hers.

" How could you do that to me......?"

" You still have a lot to learn, don't you Lynne ?" Her tone was somewhat
condescending and I didn't like it. I didn't like the arrogant look on her
face when she turned around and looked at me either. " Lynne..... I
could tell you that he wanted me to do it to you, that if I'd said no he
would have been pissed off and he would have taken it out on you, or
on me or  both of us. And there's an element of truth in all that. But
that's not why I did it. I did it because I wanted to, because I enjoyed
doing it to you. I enjoyed having that power over you, I enjoyed listening
to you beg me not to do it, I enjoyed hurting you, I enjoyed having you lick
my feet and suck on my toes. I'm only a slave Lynne, but for that instant
you were my slave, a slave's slave. And I loved it. I'd do it again now if I
had the chance, I wouldn't hesitate for a moment."  Her demeanour and
expression changed suddenly and a single tear rolled down her cheek.

" I'm sorry Lynne but that's the way it is here. If the roles were reversed
you would have done the same to me and you would have enjoyed it just
as much. You mightn't  know that yet, you mightn't understand it yet ,
but that's the way it is here, that's the way we are. We includes you
Lynne."

I hated admitting it to myself at first but deep down inside I knew every
word she said was true.  I reached out and gently wiped the tear from her
cheek.

" I know Monica, you're right, and do I understand, I'm sorry..." We fell
into each others arms and enjoyed the warmth of each others bodies
and the tenderness of each others touch. It was a special feeling. We'd
both chosen to give up our lives and to give ourselves to the Blonde
Woman as her slaves. We shared this special bond, and found comfort
and reassurance in each others arms.

Monica kissed me gently once, her eyes closed, her face filled with love
and passion. " We better get ready." She said softly as we slowly and
reluctantly let go of each other.

"  It is excruciating isn't it.." I said looking at the thing in the trolley.

" But it doesn't 'Damage the Slave" Monica said smiling.

" Who is he anyway ?"

" Simon ? I'm not really sure.   He's around sometimes, he's not a Master
but you don't want to get on the wrong side of him. He'll use you to
experiment on his next little invention if you do. He's another pain freak,
he seldom uses us in any sexual way. Pity really, he's cute."

" And why was Kelly so pissed off with me this time ?"

" She's going to be used as furniture, Kylie will use her as her chair to sit
on while she watches what they do to Cherie. You and I will be Kylie's
attendants. That's not a good sign for Kelly. You should have been the
furniture. You're new and inexperienced, you should have been the chair
not Kelly. She's really on the outer at the moment like I said before.
She's little more than a chambermaid these days and now this. Little
things like this, symbolic things mean a lot in our world Lynne."

There was a pause, a short silence, the expression on Monica's face
changed. " Undo my top for me Lynne." She turned around slowly and I
pulled at the knot that tied the Red silk scarf around her body.

I wanted so badly to reach out and touch her when she turned back
around with her breasts exposed in front of me, her nipples stiff and
pointing at me invitingly.

" I'd love for us to shower together Lynne. I'd love to stand under the
warm water with you, close to you, touching you. But if we get caught.."

We watched each other shower, and helped each other dress into black
Slave Girl outfits. They were exactly the same as the white one I had and
the Red ones the others wore. A very short jagged bottom skirt that tied
at our hips and a silk scarf which wrapped around us and cupped our
breasts.

" Why the different colours ?" I asked as I admired Monica's body.

" Red is the Mistresses favourite colour, so her slaves wear red. You're
not her slave yet, the white you wear is symbolic, just as it is in the other
world we both came from. It shows that you're....not virginal or pure or
anything like that but.....new....unowned. You haven't given yourself to
anyone as their slave yet and no one claims you as their property yet."

" When you say "the other world we both came from" you mean the real
world...."

" No I don't !" Monica said sounding annoyed with me. " For us this is the
real world, it's not a game we play or a fantasy we act out. We live this
life every minute of every day. We live in a world of slaves and Mistresses
and pain and humiliation and ecstasy beyond anything  most women  will
ever imagine. I am a slave Lynne, completely and utterly. I belong to my
Mistress in every way. She paid $150,000 for me 7 months ago. She
bought me at an auction like she would buy cattle at a sale yard. She
owns me Lynne. I'm a slave, and this is the real world for me. If it's not
like that for you then you shouldn't be here."

It was Monica talking but they were the Blonde Woman's words. And I
did want it to be my world too. When Monica said she had been bought
at an auction for $150,000 it sent a rush of excitement through me that
I can't describe.

My husband and the Blonde Woman had led me into this world and
shown me what I was. What I wanted to be. The other world was no
longer the real world for me either. Being a slave like Monica and Cherie
and the others was real. I wanted to live my life as a slave, I wanted to be
owned, I wanted to give myself as a slave completely: but more than that
I needed to. They'd led me this far and it was too late to go back. I knew
it wasn't a game anymore and the more real it became the more clear it
was to me that I'd found where I truly belonged.

" So, what do we do now Monica ?"

" Now we wait until we are required." Monica said as she stood behind
me gently brushing my hair. " When the Mistress has finished riding
Kylie's innocent little tongue she'll send for us."

" How many times have they used that on you Monica ?" I asked looking
over at Simon's little instrument of torture, I'd been wondering what
experiences Monica had had with it since she began describing the pain
it inflicted.

" Once. But not by that fucking Kylie bitch. Trevor caught me in the
shower masturbating without permission. I had two fingers up here
and one finger up there and I was into it. He waited till I started to cum
before he interrupted me. I tried to stop cumming but I couldn't. I knew
I'd be punished and that just made my orgasm even more intense. I
ended up on the floor of the shower moaning and screaming out and
thrashing around. When I finally stopped cumming I begged Trevor not to
tell the Mistress, but he did. It didn't matter what I offered to do for him,
I'd have to do it anyway if he told me to. And part of my punishment
involved that......" Monica looked over at the little steel cylinder on the
trolley.

" What do you mean part of your punishment...?" Monica's expression
changed. For an instant I thought I saw a hint of shame or  perhaps
embarrassment on her face  but she suddenly started talking again as if
she hadn't hesitated at all.

" The Mistress decided to punished me by making me want to do
something for some friends of hers that I didn't want to do. And she used
that to make me want to do it." There was another slight pause, another
glimmer of shame in her eyes as I looked at her in the mirror.

" The Mistress's friends live in a big house overlooking the Harbour in
Vaucluse.  They're both Doctors, I think, and they share a particularly
.........unpleasant fetish.

The Mistress had Kelly insert one of these inside me. Then they put a
pair of the crutchless latex shorts and a red collar on me. And I was
taken to the house in Vaucluse in the boot of the Mistress's black  BMW.

Her friends were quite an attractive couple but I knew they wanted me
for something......unusual. I could see it in their eyes when Trevor opened
the boot and they looked in at me lying there. I assumed they were pain
freaks, and that they would get off on using Simon's little toy on me.

Anyway the woman attached a leash to my collar and sort of pulled me
out of the boot. The Mistress had told me to crawl on my hands and
knees at all times while I was entertaining her friends, but that was really
all she'd told me.

The woman who had hold of my leash led me through the garage and up
some steps and into a huge sitting room with big white tiles on the floor.
She patted me on the head and told me to stay there, then she went and
sat on a big leather couch with her husband across the room.

The Mistress hadn't come into the room yet, and I just waited there on
my hands and knees facing her friends on the couch. They were talking
about me, but I couldn't hear what they were saying. That seemed to
go on for ages. Just them looking at me and talking about me to
themselves. All the time I could see the lust in their eyes growing more
intense , and I could feel that thing inside me.

I just wanted to get it over with, but pain freaks are like that, they like to
drag it out, make you sweat on thinking about what they're going to do to
you. I've seen women wet themselves from fear in situations like that,
but I didn't. I was terrified and panicky but I still had control of myself.
I could feel the pulse in my neck and arms racing as they looked down at
me and my palms were all sweaty.

Then I heard him walking towards me on the tiles, he was behind me so
I couldn't see him. But I could hear him getting closer. " Again Monica
paused, a little longer this time. A fleeting glimpse of guilt or shame on
her face again. She avoided my eyes in the mirror as she kept gently
brushing my hair, then she continued:

" Anyway, his name was Rex. I know Rottweilers are big but Rex was
huge. The Mistress said something like ' Monica loves to fuck beautiful
creatures like Rex, don't you Monica?' She was standing off to one side. I
hadn't noticed her come into the room.

I told the couple on the couch that I did love to do that, then The
Mistress  asked me if I wanted to fuck Rex and I said yes."

Monica's eyes met mine in the mirror. There was no hint of shame or
guilt anymore. " A slave has no dignity Lynne." Monica said with a look of
defiance on her face now.

There was a long silence as Monica stood behind me slowly brushing my
hair. I didn't know then what I'd end up doing on the laundry floor
of the other Lynne's house a few nights later with my husbands
Rottweiler; and the thought of what Monica was describing disgusted
me; but for some reason I wanted to hear the rest of it.

" So what happened then..... ?"

" I kept telling them how much I wanted Rex to fuck me but the Mistress
knew I didn't mean it. She knew I didn't want to do it. She knew the
thought of it disgusted me, but she also knew how to change my mind,
how to make me WANT to do it."

Monica spoke in a relaxed matter of fact way now as she picked up the
little stainless steel cylinder. " The Mistress used this on me until I was
begging her and her friends to let Rex fuck me. At one stage I even
crawled over and begged Rex to fuck me. But the Mistress wasn't
convinced that I really WANTED Rex to fuck me.

She made me crawl over to her and she ran her fingers between my legs
in the opening in the front of the shorts. I wasn't wet and the Mistress
punished me some more, a lot more.

In between the jolts of pain I described what I wanted Rex to do to me,
how I wanted him to fuck me. I was sprawled out on the floor at the feet
of the couple on the couch begging them to let Rex fuck me when I saw
the Mistress walk over and put the thing that controlled the pain on a
lamp table beside the couch.

She was giving me another chance to show them that I WANTED to do
it. I described again in very intimate details what I wanted Rex to do and
how badly I wanted him to do it. I think I was playing with myself.......
Anyway The Mistress walked over and ran her fingers between my legs
again. This time her fingers were covered with my juices when she held
them up in front of her face. The right amount of pain can make you
WANT to do just about anything Lynne. And at that instant, I  WANTED to
do it, I really WANTED Rex to fuck me.

They told me how to position myself for him, on my hands and knees with
my legs apart and my arse up in the air a bit, and Rex did the rest. He'd
obviously had other women. I didn't even need to get him hard or to help
him put it inside me. And apart from some scratches on my back it was a
pain free experience."

" Did you......?"

" Did I enjoy it ? Did I cum ?  Monica interrupted. She didn't answer with
words, the answer was in her eyes.

" Don't think you can judge me on what I did Lynne. Don't think you are
better than me because of what I did. You're not better than me Lynne.
Think about some of the things you've done over the past few weeks and
you're not even a slave yet. If you do become a slave you'll do all sorts of
things and be used in all sorts of ways you haven't even imagined yet.
You may well end up doing something like that and you may well enjoy
it."

How true Monica's words would turn out to be. I'd thought about what
she said when I was on the floor in the Laundry a few nights later. Maybe
The Mistress had instructed Monica to tell me about what she'd done.
Maybe it was all just another small part of my introduction to their world.

The strangest part of it is that despite how much what Monica did
disgusted me, listening to her describe it had made me wet.

" It makes me wet talking about it too Lynne." My eyes met hers in the
mirror again. She was looking at me as I was lost in thought about what
she had described and she knew.

" They want us now." Kelly said as she walked into the room. She was
wearing a black Slave Girl outfit the same as we were. She looked good,
the black suited her. She handed us new Black Leather collars with big
silver studs to put on and checked herself in the mirror. Then we
followed her through the maze of hallways and down  a flight of stairs.
She told us what was required of us as we walked along behind her.

We stopped outside a heavy timber door which opened into a large room
with mirrored walls and ceiling and mirrored tiles on the floor. The room
was dimly lit except for one intense bright white spotlight that shone
down on Cherie.

She was in the middle of the room, tied between two shiny metal posts.
Her arms were tied high above her head, her legs stretched wide apart
and shackled to the posts at her ankles.

She didn't move as we entered the room. She stood there staring
straight ahead. The rich brown oil we'd rubbed onto her body glistened
under the bright light, her long blonde hair fell over her shoulders and
down her back. She looked like a statue. A beautifully sculptured statue
of a beautiful submissive woman.

Everywhere around the room and on the floor and ceiling I could see her
reflection, I could see every part of her.

The other lights went out and a softer spotlight came on about 6 feet or
so in front of Cherie. Kelly walked over and slowly lowered herself onto
her hands and knees in the middle of the pool of warm light. Monica
knelt down on one side of her and I knelt down on the other side.

The room was silent now and except for the two pools of light that shone
down on the slaves it was completely black. We watched Cherie and
waited, but you could feel the sense of anticipation and excitement and
fear in the air.

The silence was suddenly broken as the door swung open. The sounds of
a woman's heels on the mirrored floor in the darkness. Then Kylie
appeared in the pool of light where we waited for her.

It was all so intensely erotic and yet incredibly bizarre at the same time.
In amongst the darkness and the bright lights with women dressed as
Slave Girls and another tied naked to posts waiting to be flogged, Kylie
appeared, still in her shop assistant uniform. A young innocent looking
woman dressed in the clothes  of the very normal very ordinary working
class woman that she was.

She stood and stared at Cherie, her face was flushed, her eyes wild with
excitement as she looked at the magnificent body of the woman tied to
the posts waiting to be whipped. Then she glanced down at Kelly on the
floor on her hands and knee's. Kylie sat in the dip of the arch of her
back, her slim legs stretched out in front of her. Kelly lowered her head
and I could see the muscles in her slender arms tense slightly as she
took Kylie's weight.

" Show the little slut !" Kylie said in a voice so soft and timid it was barely
audible. The huge man with the tattoos stepped out of the shadows
behind Cherie and stood in the pool of bright white light with her.

I could see the fear in Cherie's eyes as he walked slowly, ominously
around her and stood in front of her. He carried a large black whip, long
strands of coarse leather hanging threateningly off the end of the
thick black handle.

He held the whip up to Cherie's face and she kissed it gently, then he
walked slowly around her again and stood behind her, and drew the whip
back ready.

" Whip the fucking bitch!" Kylie said. Her voice louder, more impassioned
this time.

There was a pause, a moment of expectation or anticipation; then the
sound of the whip whistling through the air, then of leather slapping
loudly against skin then a low muffled gasp as Cherie took the first blow.

" Whip the little slut !" Kylie yelled out, her voice loud and angry.

Cherie screamed out as the long strands of leather struck her again and
wrapped themselves around her body. The whipping became faster,
and more violent, Cherie's cries of pain became louder and she began to
beg them to stop.

Kylie closed her eyes and enjoyed the sound of the hard leather on
Cherie's soft skin and the desperate sound of Cherie's voice as she
begged them to stop.

" Whip the fucking little whore !" Kylie yelled out over and over as
she started running her hands over her body.

The huge tattooed man whipped Cherie brutally, moving around her,
striking her from all angles until her body was covered with bright red
streaks. She whimpered pitifully as she  sobbed and  pleaded with Kylie
to stop.

" Make her scream. Make the little slut scream !" Kylie responded  as
her hands grabbed at her body with increasing urgency; Then suddenly
Kylie stood up and the whip hung limply but  threateningly at the side of
the huge man with the tattoo's.

" Please stop....." Cherie's voice was barely more than a whisper. Her
skin glistened under the bright lights, a mixture of sweat and the dark
brown oil contrasted with the dark red marks the whip had left all over
her body. At first her screams got louder and more desperate but after
a while her screams became little more than whimpering sounds.

The room was silent now except for the sounds of Cherie's heavy
breathing and her soft voice which sobbed: " Thank you Miss." over and
over again.  Then the sound of Kylie's heels on the mirrored tiled floor
echoed around the room as she moved slowly towards Cherie.

Cherie's head had slumped in front of her but she quickly lifted her eyes
to meet Kylie's as she heard her getting closer. " Thank you Miss....Thank
you...."

Kylie stood a few feet in front of her, listening to her, looking at her.

The whip cracked across Cherie's back again and she screamed out
and her body lurched forward. " No please Miss ...No more please....."
The whip ripped into her skin again and she grunted loudly and her head
slumped again.

" Please Miss....." Was all Cherie could say now.

" Please what ?" Kylie retorted in a mocking tone.

" No more please......I'll do whatever you want...."

Kylie slid a hand under her skirt and started rubbing herself quickly
between her legs as she stood close to Cherie watching and listening
to her beg.  " What will you do for me little slut ?" Kylie's voice trembled
with excitement as she spoke. " What can a whore like you do for me?"

" Anything Miss." Cherie answered quickly as she lifted her eyes to meet
Kylie's again. " I'll do you anything you want me to Miss...."

" Anything at all....Anything I want.....?" Kylie taunted her. " What if I
want  you to lie on the floor so I can squat over you and piss all over your
pretty little face ?"  The whip bit into the soft flesh of Cherie's arse and
she threw her head back and grunted loudly.

" I'd drink it Miss. I'd drink every drop..." The whip cut into her flesh
again. " Oh God please Miss. Please let me drink your beautiful hot P...."

The sting of the whip made Cherie cry out in pain and Kylie moan loudly
with pleasure.

" Ok little slut, there is something else I want to do with you..." Kylie
took her hand out from under her skirt and held it in front of Cherie's
face. " Whatever you want Miss, I'll do whatever you want...." Cherie
panted as she hungrily licked Kylie's fingers.

Cherie hadn't noticed the metal trolley being wheeled into the room while
she was being whipped, and she didn't notice the huge tattooed man
who had been whipping her walk to the darkened corner to get it now.
She was so caught up in the relief she felt that the whipping had stopped
to notice anything except the taste of Kylie's fingers.

It wasn't until the trolley was parked in front of her that she saw it and
realised what Kylie was going to do with her. Only a few  minutes earlier
Cherie was begging them to stop whipping her, now she was begging
them to whip her more.

Kylie backed away slowly and sat in the dip of Kelly's back again as she
enjoyed the sight of Cherie naked in front of her, her body marked from
the whip as she begged to be whipped more. The whip would be better
than that other thing Kylie wanted to use on her. Kylie loved watching
Cherie beg, she loved the look of fear in her eyes.

Cherie pleaded and begged in vain as Monica and I crawled over and
undid the chains that shackled her ankles to the posts. Her begging
became more desperate as we removed her crotch protector and even
more desperate again as I pulled the cheeks of her arse apart and
Monica gently slid the little metal cylinder inside her.

But once it was inside her the begging stopped, and Cherie became
strangely calm, as if she'd accepted her fate. She said nothing as we
helped her step into the red crutchless latex shorts.

Monica and I struggled to get them up her legs and over her tiny arse.
Monica was right, they would have to be cut off her. They were incredibly
tight and were almost cutting into her skin around her waist and at the
tops of her thighs. But they obviously served their purpose. They covered
Cherie's arse hole preventing her from being able to get the thing out of
her, and the opening around her crotch allowed easy access to her there,
just as it had allowed Rex easy access to Monica when she had worn the
red latex shorts.

Cherie remained quiet and co-operative as we prepared her, she just
stood there staring straight ahead at Kylie with an air of confidence
bordering on defiance.

The tattooed man that had whipped Cherie wheeled the trolley from the
room and Monica and I took up our positions on our knees either side of
Kylie, Monica held the control out in front of her ready for when Kylie
wanted it.

Kelly winced as she struggled to support Kylie as she squirmed and
shifted about excitedly on her "chair." She was still dressed like an
innocent boring little shop assistant, but she looked nothing like that
now. She had a wild, almost depraved look about her as she stared at
the woman she was going to torture.
Cherie flinched slightly as Kylie reached out and grabbed the control
from Monica's outstretched hands, the calmness that had beset her
quickly disappeared as she watched Kylie stroking the controller.

" Please don't Miss." Cherie pleaded softly.

Kylie pushed the little button a dozen times or more. Cherie's arms were
still tied to the posts above her head and her body lurched forward with
each jolt from the thing inside her until her body grew limp and she was
just hanging there with her head slumped in front of her. Kylie's moans
of pleasure were almost as loud as Cherie's screams of pain.

" Please don't hurt me anymore...." Tears were running down Cherie's
cheeks as Monica and I untied her arms. " Please don't let her hurt me
anymore..." I had to turn away when her eyes met mine.

I don't know how long Kylie tortured Cherie for, but Monica was right,
she was a cruel sadistic bitch. She made Cherie lie on the floor and play
with herself hitting the little pain button when Cherie didn't get wet
enough fast enough. She punished Cherie with the pain for not cumming
and then punished her even more when she did cum.

It's hard to describe the noises Cherie made and the look on her face
as Kylie tortured her and teased her mercilessly. Cherie begged her
over and over to stop, she kept grabbing at her arse trying to get at the
thing that was inside her.

Kylie climaxed several times as she watched Cherie writhing in agony
on the floor at her feet. Her orgasms were long and loud and filled with
screams of abuse at " The slut on the floor with that thing up her arse."

It's hard to describe what it was like  watching Cherie being tortured in
that way. I guess the best word is........"

Lynne put the pen down and looked out the bedroom window. The warm
winter sun was shining brightly through the verticles, it was afternoon
already. She looked at the clock beside the bed, 12.34pm. She'd been
writing in her diary for over 4 hours. Up until now the words had come
easily. She remembered every sound, every sensation, every word that
was spoken. But she struggled to find the right words to describe how
she felt watching Cherie being tortured.

She'd been aware of her husbands car driving away as she lost herself
in her diary, but she wasn't sure he hadn't returned. She snuck through
what used to be their house and out into the garage to check. No car.

She made herself some lunch, just a salad, which was what they always
fed her when she was learning what being a slave really meant at The
Blonde Woman's house. " Nobody wants a fat slut Lynne." They'd told
her each time they'd fed her. She'd been told a few times that she had a
fat arse, and she had become very conscious of her weight. She had a
good figure, she knew that,and she knew she didn't have a fat arse
either; but she also knew how much younger most of the other slaves
were; and she'd begun to realise that although there was a bond
between the women who had given themselves as slaves, there was also
intense competition for attention; and the ever present possibilty of The
Blonde Woman losing interest in one of them and selling them off to
somebody else.

Lynne wandered around what was once her home, but felt anything but
at home. She didn't belong here anymore, she belonged with The Blonde
Woman now, there was no going back to her life as a house wife.

She'd thought she'd had everything she'd ever wanted, the man she
wanted, a lovely house overlooking the beach in Cronulla, the area she
grew up in. But it wasn't what she wanted anymore.

She spent some time roaming through the house and the memories it
held. She stood on the verandah looking out over the beach and
watched the young men who endured the cold winter surf for the thrill of
the ride. She'd never understood them until now. Sometimes the thrill
of the ride was worth a bit of pain and discomfort.  It was time for her to
move on, she knew that now. The thrill of the ride was worth whatever
they did to her.

She settled back on the bed and looked at what she'd written:
" It's hard to describe what it was like  watching Cherie being tortured in
that way. I guess the best word is........" She didn't want to admit it at
first but now she realised it didn't matter. She couldn't change what she
was what she had become and she couldn't hide from that anymore, she
didn't want to hide from it anymore. She picked up the pen and started
writing in the diary again.

" It's hard to describe what it was like  watching Cherie being tortured in
that way. I guess the best word is exhilarating. Some people find sky
diving or Hang Gliding or Bungy Jumping exhilarating, but being in that
room with Kylie torturing Cherie was more exhilarating than anything
I could imagine. It was all so intensely erotic, primal almost. There were
so many times I could have cum just watching but managed not to.

Monica had called Kylie a " Pain Freak." A " Sadistic Fucking Bitch."
Perhaps those words now applied to me too.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 18. NOT A GAME ANYMORE. Part 3.
" It's hard to describe what it was like  watching Cherie being tortured in that
way. I guess the best word is exhilarating. Some people find Sky Diving or Hang
Gliding or Bungy Jumping exhilarating, but being in that room with Kylie
torturing Cherie was more exhilarating than anything I could imagine. It was all
so intensely erotic, primal almost. There were so many times I could have cum
just watching but managed not to.
Monica had called Kylie a " Pain Freak." A " Sadistic Fucking Bitch." Perhaps
those words applied to me too. I'd had a taste of the pain Cherie had had to
endure and yet knowing what the pain was like only made watching Cherie  even
more arousing. Seeing her writhe on the floor, begging for it to stop made my
pussy drip; I could feel my juices running down the inside of my thighs; I could
easily have cum from just watching if I'd let myself.
But if I was a "Pain Freak," and a "Sadistic Fucking Bitch" like Kylie then so
was Monica. I'd glanced over at her several times, I'd seen the desperate look
on her face as she watched Cherie. Monica had been on the edge of orgasm too.
I thought about what she'd said when she told me how much she'd enjoyed using
the thing on me, and then I wondered how Cherie would have reacted if she'd been
watching one of us. Would Cherie's sweet pussy  have dripped with her juices if
she had been watching one of us being treated like that ? Would Cherie have had
to fight off an orgasm the way Monica and I did watching her ? I was sure I knew
the answer.
When it was over Trevor herded us out of the room with the aid of a riding crop
which stung our arses when we didn't move fast enough for his liking, and just
for his own gratification on a few other occasions.
I risked the sting of the crop again to look back at them one more time.  Cherie
was lying motionless on the floor with Kylie standing over her looking down at
her. Kylie looked physically and emotionally exhausted from the pleasure she'd 
enjoyed from Cherie's pain. Her breathing was heavy and loud; she'd ripped her
blouse open; her skirt was twisted and stained and her pantyhose had tears along
the inside of her thighs. But it was the  vacant almost dazed expression on
Kylie's face and in her eyes that left the most lasting image of her.
Cherie slowly lifted her head up off the floor just as I felt the sting of the
crop on my arse again. Her face was bright red and smeared with perspiration,
but she was smiling.
We were quickly taken back to our cages where we changed back into our normal
Slave Girl clothes, Kelly and Monica in the Mistress's favourite red, and me in
white, a symbolic reminder that I was not yet a slave like the others.
The cage room went silent when the door opened and The Mistress led Cherie to
her cage by a metal leash attached to the bright red collar around her neck.
Cherie was still naked, the only thing covering her body were the deep red marks
left by the whip.
" You did very well Cherie, I'm very pleased with you." The Mistress unclipped
the leash from her collar and closed the door to her cage.
" Thank you Mistress, I'll do anything to please you."
" You all did very well." The Mistress said looking around the room. There was a
sense of excitement amongst the slaves that I didn't understand.  I assumed they
were glad or relieved that the Mistress was pleased, but I wasn't taking all
that much notice, I couldn't take my eye's off Cherie.
" You all deserve a little treat." The Mistress said teasingly as the door to
the cage room opened and the ugly tattooed figure of Trevor emerged into the
soft yellow light of the room where the slaves are kept.
Kelly and Monica both dropped to their knees at the front of their cages, Cherie
hastily stopped dressing into her Red Slave Girl outfit and fell to her knees at
the bars to her cage, just as the others had done; I quickly did the same;
although I sensed that everyone including the Mistress had noticed I was the
last to do so.
There are 5 cages on either side of the walkway, mine was the 4th on the right.
Cherie was next to me on my left and Monica was next to me on my right; only the
metal bars of our cages separated us. Kelly was directly opposite me across the
walkway and Trevor went to her cage first. " Thank you Sir." She panted as he
passed her a vibrator. All the slaves were given a vibrator,  except me. The
vibrators  were all the same, 8 inches long, black with a gold tip. Exactly the
same as the vibrator I used in the life I lived before I met The Blonde Woman.
" Tie the other one up." The Mistress said to Trevor as she walked towards the
door of the cage room." She's a horny little slut who has no understanding of
obedience."
Trevor unlocked my cage and pulled me up off my knees by my hair and threw me
onto my narrow bunk. He quickly and roughly chained my hands behind my back.
The others waited on their knees on the floor of their cages until Trevor had
left before rushing to their bunks with their little toys.
" Cherie...." She ignored me, as did Monica and Kelly. I just had to lie there
and watch them and listen to them.
The room was quickly filled with the sounds of the vibrators purring loudly and
the women moaning softly. Cherie was on her back, she'd only had time to put her
top on before she'd had to kneel on the floor of her cage, and she had the full
length of the vibrator buried deep inside her; her hips were lifting up off the
bunk as she slowly fucked herself.
Monica put her vibrator on her bunk, lifted her skirt up and lied on top of it,
and thrust herself against the hard vibrating plastic.
Kelly was on her on knees with her skirt pulled up over her back and the gold
tip of the vibrator pushing against her arse hole. I watched as more and more of
the vibrator disappeared up her arse.
Cherie had her top off now and was pulling on her stiff nipples as she rammed
the vibrator in and out of herself faster and faster.
Monica had ripped her skirt off and her soft round arse moved up and down
quickly as she thrust herself against the vibrator. She grabbed hold of the
sides of the bunk so she could pull herself down harder against it.
Kelly was grunting loudly as she slid the vibrator further and faster up her
arse, she reached between her legs and started rubbing herself with one hand
while the other drove the vibrator deeper and harder inside herself.
Cherie was panting loudly, she had one leg on the floor so she could open
herself wider, and the vibrator made a delicious sloppy wet sound as she fucked
herself with it.
Monica's bunk was creaking noisily as she humped her vibrator faster and faster,
her face was buried in the mattress but it didn't muffle the noises she was
making.
They were all moaning louder now, breathing faster, getting closer. I'm not sure
who came first but once one started cumming they all came.
They grunted and screamed and moaned and cried out as they came and heard each
other cum. My cunt was soaked, it felt like I'd wet myself, like I'd wet the
bed. I was humping the mattress in desperation but all it did was add to my
frustration.
The cage room went eerily quiet for a moment when their orgasms were over, but I
was almost delerious, I had to cum too. I looked around my cage desperately for
something to rub myself against. As I did the sounds of the vibrators echoed
around the room again. The selfish bitches were going to get themselves off
again.
I looked around at them one at a time. They were all just lying on their backs
with their legs spread wide gently rubbing their wet cunts with their vibrators,
building themselves up slowly again.
I couldn't stand it any longer, I was lying in a puddle of my own cunt juice
with my hands tied behind my back and THEY all had vibrators. I rolled off my
bunk and staggered over to the bars that separated me from Cherie. " Cherie...." 
She ignored me and closed her eyes as she slid the long back vibrator into the
opening between her legs. I tried to rub myself on the bars of our cage while I
watched her.
" What are you fucking doing slut!" Trevor was standing at the door to my cage. 
I was so consumed with passion,
so utterly lost in my search for a way to give my body what it so desperately
needed that I hadn't heard him come into the cage room.
" I.....I'm......" I panted as I searched for something to say, but I kept
rubbing my cunt against the bars, I couldn't stop myself doing it.
" Get your slut arse over here !"  Trevor's voice grabbed at me and I was able
to pull myself away from the bars. I staggered over towards him as he unlocked
my cage and opened the door. Trevor is a very ugly very unappealing man but at
that moment I would have loved nothing more than for him to throw me on the
floor and fuck me.
I felt dizzy and my knees were shaking but somehow I managed to stand up while
he looked at me with a sneering lecherous smile on his face.
" Try this." He said laughing as he put his foot up on the bunk and pulled my
skirt off me, I groaned loudly as my skirt was ripped away from where it had
been stuck to the wet flesh between my legs.
Trevor wore big black boots with thick laces. The boots looked like they'd never
been cleaned but I quickly straddled his leg and squatted down until my cunt was
rubbing against the top of his boot. The thick laces grabbed at my clit and lips
as I humped his boot as fast as I could.
" Do you like that slut, do you like rubbing your dirty little cunt on my boots
?"
"Oh Fuck Yes Sir ! I'm going to cum on your boot....I'm going to cum..."
" No you're not." He said laughing again as he pulled his foot away from where I
needed it. I collapsed onto the bed moaning loudly as the orgasm I could almost
taste was taken away from me.
Things happened in a blur for a while after that. I know he dragged me out of
the cage room and down a hallway, but I don't really remember anything clearly
until I felt the cold water on my back. It stung me into consciousness.
" You need to cool down slut." Trevor snarled at me. " Fix her up and take her
upstairs Colleen."
" Yes Sir." A woman I hadn't seen before in a red Slave Girl outfit said.
Colleen prepared me in the way Kelly had in the past. A hot scented bubble bath,
a soft fluffy towel, make-up and perfume. She dressed me in a clean white Slave
Girl outfit and fussed over my hair. But she never spoke the whole time. Not a
word. Even when I let out a low groan as she washed me between the legs she
never said anything or even looked at me.
Colleen is an attractive woman, early 30s probably with beautiful long shiny
brown hair, a good figure with large firm breasts and a nice arse.  She looked
good in her red Slave Girl outfit. She isn't particularly pretty but she has a
look about her, she's a very sexy woman. I would have given anything for Colleen
to take care of me with that pretty pink tongue of hers.
When she was satisfied that she had me looking as good as I was going to look
she attached a chain to my collar and led me through the usual maze of hallways
and up several flights of stairs.
We came out onto a large enclosed veranda. There were 20 or so people milling
around drinking glasses of wine while they talked. The veranda faced east, I
could see out over Bondi and the ocean further in the distance on what was a
clear and sunny winters afternoon.
Colleen led me over to one side of the room where there was a small round
platform about 2 maybe 2  feet high. I walked up the three small steps and
stood there while she unclipped the leash.
" Stand there with your hands by your sides and don't fucking move unless you're
told to !" Was all Colleen said  before she walked away. I was obviously there
on display for these people, and some of them did glance at me, but no one
really seemed to notice me or take any notice of me.
The little gathering was like so many I'd been to before. Everybody wore jeans
and jackets and the atmosphere was very friendly, very normal, except for the
slut standing up on the platform. Even Monica and Kelly looked "normal" in plain
grey waitress style dresses as they served finger food and drinks from shiny
silver trays.
The Mistress walked in, glanced at me for an instant and then mingled with her
guests. She looked incredible. Tight pale blue jeans, a white blouse, a black
leather jacket and black thick healed shoes that were fashionable again now. I
loved the way her long blonde hair looked as it fell over the black leather
jacket. I loved the way she ran her fingers through her hair every so often
gently brushing her fringe aside.
I felt so out of place as I stood there on display dressed like a slave girl
amongst all these "ordinary" people, even more so because nobody seemed
interested in me. It was so humiliating, not  because I was standing there like
some cheap whore but because no one took any notice of me. The longer I stood
there the more humiliated I felt and the more anxious I became.
People were talking and laughing and enjoying the food and the wine.  They were
mostly in couples, young couples mainly and they were all typical Eastern
Suburbs Yuppies. Designer jeans, expensive jewellery, and snobbish accents.
I knew I still didn't understand this world of theirs. There was a beautiful
fountain on the other side of the room with a statue of a naked woman with
little jets of water all around her landing at her feet. Maybe I was like her,
maybe I was just another ornament or decoration. People had glanced at the
statue in much the same way they'd glanced at me.
I heard one couple saying goodbye to the Mistress and a few minutes later
another couple left, then I heard a tall dark skinned woman with beautiful long
black hair say something to the Mistress.
" I just want to show you something before you go Celine." The Mistress said as
she walked over towards me with Celine. " I'd appreciate your opinion."
They stood in front of me and Celine looked me up and down, assessing me. " How
old is she ?"
" 32, she'll be 33 in November. "
" Have you had her valued yet ?"
" No. I've spoken to Zaheer. He'll be in the country again soon. If I keep her
till then I'll get him to take a look at her."
" Where did you find her ?"
" On the floor of a garage fucking a dozen men at a party." The two woman
exchanged knowing glances and smiles.
" Is she obedient ?" Celine asked as she lifted the front of my skirt, seemingly
unimpressed at what she saw.
" No ! She's not." The Mistress's tone was curt.
" I admire your patience. Taking sluts and turning them into slaves. I couldn't
be bothered breaking them in. I like my slaves trained when I get them. But
she's not bad, her breasts are too large for my liking, and I much prefer
natural blonde's, brunettes are so....."
" Common....."  A woman with very short blonde hair said as she lifted my skirt
to see what I looked like down there.
" What do you think of her Monique ?" The Mistress asked.
I could almost feel her eyes between my legs. " Hmmm. The little cunt has a nice
cunt."
" I like her tits, I like slaves with big tits"  A stocky and attractive man
said as he walked towards us. I was suddenly the centre of attention and my body
responded very quickly. Soon everyone was gathered around me giving the Mistress
their opinion of me.
Someone said I had a fat arse, someone else said they thought my arse was nice.
A hand pulled at the knot on my top and it fell to the floor and my tits spilled
out in front of me. Most of the men loved my tits, but some thought my nipples
could be bigger. Everybody thought I had "slut" written all over my face, but
most agreed I had a pretty face. There was a wide range of opinions about my
cunt. Some liked it, others thought my cunt lips were too big or my clit too
small, and they all commented on how wet " The little slut is."
They continued talking about me in increasingly crude ways, my cunt which had
been the subject of much discussion was smeared with my juices, and a few drops
had landed on the inside of my thighs, some one noticed and pointed it out to
the amusement of the others. Their laughter just made it leak out of my body
faster.
Suddenly Monica and Kelly appeared with more trays of food. The prawns and
oysters quickly became more interesting than I was, and the crowd around me
quickly dispersed. But they'd done enough to leave me desperate for relief
again. The nectar that flowed out of me was doing so for a reason. It was
lubricating me as it was meant to do. It was preparing me to be penetrated, to
be fucked. But having got me ready having made me desperately wet and aroused
again they just left me on the platform and ignored me.
My clitoris and lips were swollen and throbbing, my nipples were so stiff and
hard that they ached. I could feel a little pulse on my pussy and in my anus and
there was nothing I could do about it. I just had to stand there, a decoration,
an ornament, just like the statue of the nude lady in the fountain; only she
wasn't on the brink of an orgasm that had been denied her yet again.
My arms were by my sides, my fists clenched together as I fought to keep my
hands from reaching up under my skirt and ending my torment.
" G'day Lynne." The voice wasn't familiar and my head was spinning so it took me
a while to focus on his face. " Hello Sir."
" Show me that big cunt of yours that everyone's been talking about Lynne."
I realised who it was as I lifted the front of my skirt to show him what he
wanted to see, what he'd tried to grab many years ago. I hadn't noticed him
before,  he looked so much older now, fatter and balding. We'd dated once years
ago, he tried to get his hand up my dress the first and only time we went out
together.
I'd spent an unpleasant time on the front seat of his car fighting him off, now
I was showing him what he'd wanted to see back then. As I stood there watching
him stare at the wet bald patch between my legs I wondered why he was here. He
couldn't possibly be involved with these people, or could he, anything was
possible in this world of theirs.
A loud moan escaped my lips as he squeezed my nipples, something else he'd tried
to do all those years ago. It occurred to me then that the Mistress would have
had him there for a reason. She was going to let him do to me what I wouldn't
let him do years ago. He suddenly didn't seem so fat, his hair suddenly seemed
distinguished rather than balding. The thought of him fucking me after all these
years sent a teasing spasm of pleasure that ran from the lips of my cunt to deep
inside me, but I would have fucked anyone at that moment.
" I haven't fucked a slut in years Lynne." He said without taking his eyes off
my cunt, then he wandered off back into the crowd.
I was watching him mingling with the other guests when I gasped and pulled my
leg back. I knew I wasn't to move without permission but it was just a reflex
action; The cold nose of the Mistress's big German Shepherd on my foot had
startled me. He had his two front paws on the second step of the little platform
I was on but I hadn't  heard him or noticed him. " Go away. " I yelled in a
whisper without even moving my lips, but he ignored me and kept sniffing my
feet.
Suddenly he lifted his head up and his nose disappeared from view underneath my
skirt. I whimpered under my breath as I felt his big hot tongue lick me between
the legs, he liked the taste of me and licked me again. " Oh God No."
" Were you given permission to speak ?" The Mistress said angrily as she glided
across the room towards me, making sure she drew every body's attention to me.
" No Mistress I'm sorry." I panted. " But your dog he's...."
" Princess is a she Lynne."
" I'm sorry Mistress." I moaned as Princess licked the wet flesh between my legs
again. " But she's...she's...."
" She's what Lynne ? What is Princess doing ?"
" She's licking my cunt Mistress...."  I looked around the room which had become
suddenly silent, a sea of faces and eyes. I was desperate to cum, I needed to,
but not like that, I couldn't cum like that, I wouldn't let myself cum like
that. Princess started lapping at my cunt and I clenched my fists tightly by my
sides and tried not to enjoy it.
" Where abouts on your cunt is she licking you Lynne ?"
" All over my cunt Mistress, she's licking me all over my cunt." I looked into
the Mistress's eyes, I needed to cum so badly, and looking at her, seeing the
way she was looking at me, saying the things she was making me say just made me
need to cum even more.
" Has she stuck her tongue inside you yet Lynne ?"
" No Mistress." I panted. " She hasn't stuck her tongue inside me, she's just
licking the outside of my cunt." My voice was trembling when I spoke now, I
didn't want to cum like that but I knew I wouldn't be able to stop myself if
Princess didn't stop.
" Do you like having a dog lick your dirty little cunt like that Lynne ? "
" Oh God !" I moaned loudly and my knees nearly gave way beneath me.  " Yes
Mistress. I love it. " I'd been so desperate to cum, so close so often that  I
just didn't care how I came anymore as long as I came. I looked at the faces
around the room staring at me, for an instant I wondered what they thought as
they saw what was happening but the sensations running through my body had
consumed me totally and nothing else mattered anymore; and the humiliation of
cumming like that in front of all those people just pushed me towards orgasm
faster.
I closed my eyes and enjoyed her long wet tongue. It didn't take Princess long
to bring me to the edge. " She's going to make me cum Mistress....  Oh God may I
cum please Mistress....."
" Yes, but not now. Princess." I'm not sure how to describe the noises I made as
the orgasm that was mine was stolen from me again. And then I encountered the
most extraordinary experience of my life. I could see myself slumped on the
black platform. I could see the  frantic, despairing look on my face and the
complete helplessness in my eyes. It was like I was looking down on myself, like
one of those "out of body experiences" people talk about but no one believes. I
could see Kelly and Monica in their little grey waitress uniforms helping me to
my feet. I could see them talking to me but I couldn't hear them.
Suddenly I was looking at them through my own eyes again. I could feel the
desperation in my body again. " You've got to stand up Lynne." " Come on Lynne,
you'll be alright."  " Just do as you're told."
I had to finish off where Princess had left me. I was so close, just a few
strokes of my fingers on my clit and my torment would be over. I reached between
my legs and moaned in anticipation of an orgasm that couldn't be stopped, an
orgasm that I knew would send tremors of ecstasy through every part of me. " No
Lynne. You can't do that." Monica said as she and Kelly pulled my hands away
from where they had to be.
" Please...." I begged them over and over to let me, but they didn't. They
chained my wrists to a metal bar behind my back and pulled me to my feet. My
hands were at my sides and I wrestled with the chains and bar that restrained
me. Just the touch of my fingers on my clit would have been enough, but I
couldn't reach. The cuffs cut into my skin as my outstretched fingers found the
tops of my thighs, but I could reach no further. " You fucking bitches!" I
mumbled under my breath as I slumped in submission. I would cum when and if the
Mistress wanted me to.
" I'm ok." I whispered softly as the fog began to lift from my mind. After a
while I was able to stand unaided and reality slowly returned. I remember
thinking that what they were doing to me was far crueller than what Kylie had
done to Cherie.
I don't know how long I stood there for as the party went on around me, I slowly
regained my composure but the urgency for release and relief that had consumed
me never subsided.  Some of the guests looked at me occasionally but I held
little interest for most of them. Princess walked past me once, but it seemed
that she too had lost interest in me.
It wasn't quite dark outside but I saw the streetlights come on as I Iooked out
over Bondi towards the beaches. All the guests had left and Monica and Kelly
were cleaning up as the Mistress walked towards me, with Princess walking beside
her.
" Have you ever cum on a dog's tongue before Lynne ?"
" No Mistress. "
" Do you still want to cum on Princess's tongue Lynne ?"
" No Mistress." Every part of me wanted to cum, needed to, but I had control of
my thoughts now and I couldn't bare the thought of cumming like that.
The Mistress smiled at me, she knew. " You're desperate to cum but you think
you're too good to cum like that, don't you Lynne." I didn't answer, but she was
right.  " A slave has no dignity Lynne, no pride. I've told you that before, but
it's a lesson you'll have to learn the hard way. Are you too good to cum on a
dogs tongue Monica ?"
" No Mistress. I'm just a slave, I'd be honoured to cum on your dogs tongue, as
any slave would." The Mistress stroked Monica's hair affectionately.  Nothing
more was said but Mistress and slave understood each other without the need for
any more words. Monica reached down and lifted her skirt up. She was naked
underneath except for a black garter belt and stockings.
" Princess." She called out and the  big German Shepherd walked over towards
her. Monica was rubbing herself furiously making herself wetter and more
appealing for Princess. Hours earlier she had brought herself to orgasm with a
vibrator in her cage, now the look on her face showed how close she already was
to cumming again. And yet I'd been left to suffer without release the whole
time.
Princess moved closer to Monica who moaned loudly as the long pink tongue lapped
at her a few times. " Yes Princess, that's it... " Monica started thrusting her
hips towards Princess in rhythm with her tongue as it lapped at the wet flesh
between her legs.
" Do you like that Monica, do you like her tongue down there ?" The Mistress
asked looking at me.
" Oh God Yes Mistress.....Thank you Mistress."
" You should be thanking Princess Monica. She's the one with her tongue on your
cunt."
" Thank you Princess." Monica panted as she open her legs wider so as Princess
could get at her better. " Her tongue is inside me now Mistress Oh God her
tongue's moving around inside me. May I cum Mistress?" Monica pleaded as the
first ripples of pleasure ran through her. But Princess suddenly pulled away and
Monica let out a low pitiful groan.
" Finish her off Lynne." The Mistress said and I quickly walked down the steps
of the platform and got down on my knees at Monica's feet. It was difficult to
keep my balance with my arms tied to the bar behind my back but Monica grabbed
my head and buried it between her legs and came quickly with my tongue inside
her.
Monica pushed my head away when she was finished and I fell to the floor.
Watching what Princess had done to Monica and then bringing her to orgasm myself
had brought my own passion to the boil again.
I was taken back to my cage where I was tied to my bunk on my back.  They didn't
want me getting myself off humping the mattress, and they left me there like
that, simmering in my own juices.
Some time later, I have no idea how long, a woman I hadn't seen before came into
my cage. She put some pillows underneath my head to elevate me and fed me a bowl
of thick vegetable soup. She was reluctant to talk at first, all she'd said was
that her name was Kirsty.
She was a very attractive woman, late 20s maybe early 30s. She was about my
height 5'2" with long brown hair,  very big tits and a really cute arse. I could
see her small stiff nipples pressing hard against the sheer material of her red
top. Her short little slave girl skirt  gave me a good view of her shaved pussy
as she sat on the bunk feeding me. The soup was ok, but Kirsty looked better,
smelt better and I was sure would have tasted better. She knew I was looking up
her skirt the whole time she fed me but it didn't seem to bother her, if
anything she positioned herself to give me a better view.
" Would you help me Kirsty ?" I asked staring into her eyes as she lifted the
spoon to my mouth again.
" The Mistress offered you pleasure and you declined it Lynne. This is not a
game anymore Lynne; If you want to be a slave then you take whatever pleasure is
on offer. You don't have the luxury of choice. " The conversation ended there.
Trevor brought Monica to her cage shortly after Kirsty left. Her hair was still
damp from a shower and she smelt good. " Are you alright Lynne?"
" No Monica, I'm not." I watched her stretch out on her bunk just a few feet on
the other side of the bars that separated us.
" Why didn't you do it Lynne?  Princess is very good with her tongue, and she
likes the taste of pussy."
" I just couldn't, not like that."
" But you almost came on her tongue earlier, you wanted Princess's tongue then."
" I know, but I was so close then, I wasn't in control."
" Don't tell me you've never thought about being licked like that before Lynne,
every woman has. Even if it's just been a fleeting thought when a dog jumps up
and sniffs you."
I thought about what she'd said. Had I had those thoughts before ?  I guess I
had. But as Monica had said herself they were just fleeting thoughts, quickly
laughed off, never taken seriously.
" A tongue's a tongue Lynne. I love Princess's tongue. I'm not hurting anybody,
and Princess enjoys it." Monica smiled, I loved her smile. " It's not sick or
wrong if it feels good and we're not hurting anybody. Unless we're hurting
somebody who wants to be hurt." She smiled again. " Her tongue felt good didn't
it Lynne ?"
" Yes, it felt incredible, it was so big and hot and rough and it touched me in
so many places at once." I closed my eyes as I enjoyed remembering how good it
had felt.
" It's not wrong if no one gets hurt Lynne." Monica said again. " That night
with Rex I told you about, I still think about that night when I masturbate. I
didn't want to do it to start with but I'm getting wet now just thinking about
it. Most people would think that was wrong or sick but I don't care. I didn't
hurt anybody, Rex certainly enjoyed himself as did his owners and the Mistress;
but in the end I enjoyed it more than anyone. If you really do want to be a
slave Lynne then you've got to let go of your old concepts of right and wrong,
you've got to give yourself to the Mistress completely, trust in her
completely."
The door to the cage room opened and Trevor came over to my cage and untied me
and dragged me off into the hallways and up the stairs to the sitting room. The
Mistress was seated on one of the leather couches and Trevor pushed me onto the
floor at her feet.
" I'm disappointed in you Lynne." Her face echoed the disappointment she spoke
of.
" I'm sorry Mistress.....but this is all new to me......"
" I'm sick of hearing you say you're sorry Lynne. There are plenty of women who
want to give themselves as slaves Lynne. You'd be surprised just how many. I
don't need you Lynne, but you need me; I suggest you remember that."
" Yes Mistress I will, I'm sor..." I stopped myself from saying it again." I
won't disappoint you again Mistress."
" I know how desperately you need to cum Lynne, but I gave you the opportunity
to cum and you declined. I suggest you think about that while you try to sleep."
There was anger in her eyes and in her voice, she looked over at Trevor. " Get
her out of here !"
I spent a fitful restless night in my cage trying to sleep. Cherie wasn't in
hers, but most of the other cages were occuppied. The lights had been dimmed, it
was almost dark in the cage room. When I did sleep I dreamt about the most
bizarre things; Princess and Rex featured prominently in my dreams.
I awoke the next morning with what felt like a hangover from the sexual
depravation I'd been subjected to the day and night before. Trevor took me to
one of the bathrooms where I showered and bathed and dressed into a clean white
Slave Girl outfit. I still needed to cum, but I didn't let myself touch myself.
I was sort of proud of the control I had over myself.
I put on some make up and perfume and brushed my hair; I wanted to look as good
as I could; I wanted to make-up for yesterday. It crossed my mind that the
Mistress might 'test me out' with Princess. I  thought I was beginning to
understand some of the ways of this world of theirs and I thought  she would
want to see if I'd learnt from my experience the night before; if I had learnt
to " take what pleasure was on offer" as Monica had put it. I HAD learnt that
lesson, and I had learnt it the hard way.
I was brushing my hair and checking myself in the mirror again when Trevor said:
" Got your make-up the way you want it....sweetheart ? "
" Yes Sir." I answered warily just before he grabbed my arm and spun me around
to face him. " On your knees slut, you know what to do."
I lowered myself to my knees and reached up and undid his zipper and took his
cock out; he was already semi-erect. "He must  like the way I look." I thought
to myself as I took his cock in my mouth. I felt myself getting wetter as his
cock grew bigger in my mouth. I was hoping he'd bend me over the sink and fuck
me, but he didn't. He just grabbed my head and came in my mouth; and cleaned his
cock with my hair when he was finished.
" You've got work to do you little slut !" The tall figure of Mistress Rebecca
stood in the doorway glaring at me; her long black hair falling down to the top
of her arse; her hard face and cold eyes staring at me.  She was just a slave
like the others but she didn't look anything like a slave in her black leather
boots, short black latex skirt and black leather bra with metal studs.
" Have you finished with her ?" She asked Trevor as I did his zipper up and
tucked his shirt into his jeans for him. " Yeah, for now."
I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror as I stood up. My face was smeared
with cum, my make-up smudged, my hair messy and stained.  This wasn't how I
wanted to look for The Mistress, but I wasn't given the chance to clean myself
up.
Mistress Rebecca took me into a room next to the cage room.  There was a long
rectangular table in the middle. Kelly, Kirsty, Colleen, Monica, Cherie and a
woman I hadn't seen before were seated around the table, dressed in their Red
Slave Girl outfits. None of them looked at me or spoke as I served them their
breakfast; orange juice, bowls of fresh fruit and birth control pills.
When they were finished Mistress Rebecca herded them out of the room and I had
to clean up after them. There was a kitchenette off the dining area from where I
served them their food, and where I washed all the dishes afterwards.
Mistress Rebecca came in occasionally to check up on me as I cleaned the table,
chairs and sink with a damp cloth and some Spray'N'Wipe.  Then I had to get down
on my hands and knees with a bucket and a scrubbing brush and clean the floor in
the kitchen and dining area.
I'd always hated housework, but this was very different. I was a slave cleaning
the place where the other slaves ate. It was nothing  like any housework I'd
done before; crawling around on the floor in my little slave girl  clothes; my
face still stained with Trevor's cum; Mistress Rebecca standing over me; the
occasional smack on my arse with her crop; the abusive and crude manner in which
she spoke to me. Just cleaning was an act of submission here, a display of
obedience and an opportunity to please The Mistress. Just crawling around the
floor with a bucket and brush made me wet again.
When Mistress Rebecca was finally satisfied with my work she made me refill my
bucket and lug it up some stairs and out onto the veranda where I had been put
on display the day before. The late morning sun was warm and bright as I crawled
around the floor on my hands and knees cleaning the large ceramic tiles.
I heard footsteps and voices from the other end of the veranda, and then the
sounds of heels on the tile floor. " There she is." I heard The Mistress say."
And doing one of the few things we've found her to be any good at." I could see
shoes and legs in front of me, I wanted to look up, but was able to stop myself.
" Lynne....?" The voice wasn't familiar but hearing my name made me look up
before I could stop myself this time.
" Your friends were worried about you Lynne." The Mistress said in a sarcastic
tone. " They wanted to see for themselves what you were up to; to make sure you
were okay." There were three women standing with The Mistress and none of them
were my friends.
The three faces looking down at me wore a mixture of expressions.  Shock,
disgust, amazement. I knew how I'd looked when I saw myself in the mirror after
Trevor had finished with me; now I was clammy and sweaty from my work, and I
could only imagine what I looked like to the three women staring down at me.
One of them was Kate, a woman my husband had worked with in the past and a woman
I was sure he had had an affair with back when I was a jealous little housewife.
I hated her then and I hated her even more now.
Next to Kate was Niki, a 'friend' of my husbands, not a friend of mine. I could
tolerate her, but I didn't like her and I didn't trust her with my husband.
Standing next to Niki was Samantha, or Sam as my husband always called her to my
annoyance. She was an old ' school friend' of my husbands; she was divorced and
available and my husband popped in to see her on a regular basis despite my
objections.
I didn't know how the Blonde Woman and my husband had managed to get the three
of them to come here together, and I guess it really didn't matter. They were
tearing away another layer of my dignity, stripping me of what little self
respect I had left.
" As I told you ladies on the phone, Lynne's just a dirty little slut, that's
why her husband's divorcing her." The Mistress was enjoying herself.
They were the three women I was most jealous of; the three women I would least
like to see me like this; the three women who in my life before The Blonde Woman
I had felt threatened by and at times inferior to.
I was once again faced with making a decision with no time to think about it or
consider it; all I could do was react to the situation they'd put me in. I could
stand up and reclaim my dignity, reclaim my identity or I could submit to this
further humiliation they were subjecting me to. I dipped the scrubbing brush in
the bucket and continued scrubbing the floor.
" A slave has no dignity Lynne." I repeated The Mistress's words in my head over
and over as I felt their eyes bearing down on me. It was probably the most
humiliating thing they'd done to me so far, but it aroused me in a way I can't
describe.
It hadn't occurred to me that my husband would divorce me, but it was obvious
that he wouldn't want to stay married to me now, not after all the things I had
done, and what I had become. The thought of divorce didn't upset me, but I found
myself wondering which of the three women looking down at me would be the first
to get their claws into him.
I was caught up in a whirlwind of conflicting emotions and thoughts; I felt as
though  I'd sunk as low as I could go, I didn't think it was possible for them
to humiliate me any more than this; but I should have known better.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 19. THE SOCIETY.
It hadn't occurred to me that my husband would divorce me, but it was obvious
that he wouldn't want to stay married to me now, not after all the things I had
done, and what I had become. The thought of divorce didn't upset me; but I found
myself wondering which of the three women looking down at me would be the first
to get their claws into him.
I was caught up in a whirlwind of conflicting emotions and thoughts; I felt as
though I'd sunk as low as I could go, I didn't think it was possible for them to
humiliate me any more than this; but I should have known better. I'd been
distracted by the three women in front of me and I didn't notice her behind me
until I felt my  skirt move and her cold nose on my arse.
A feeling of absolute dread washed over me as I felt Princess's tongue between
the cheeks of my arse. I heard the three women gasp in horror and disgust; and
my head slumped in front of me in complete shame.
" Oh that's sick." One of them said and a chorus of insults and groans of
disgust echoed around the veranda; I heard one of them walk almost run out of
the veranda; away from the disgusting thing that she could no longer bear to
watch.
Whilst all that was happening in front of me Princess's tongue had found the wet
opening between my legs that she liked so much; and despite everything, my body
responded to her.
" You like that, don't you Lynne ?" The Mistress's words were slow and
deliberate.
" Yes Mistress." I panted. " I love it. " I looked up at them as I spoke. The
Mistress wanted me to humiliate myself even more in front of these women, and I
wanted to enjoy the humiliation too. I forced myself to look up at them as Sam
turned away and fled the scene of depravity just as Niki had done. Only Kate
remained, she was the one I hated the most.
I'd known for a long time that she wanted to win my husband off me, that she
thought she was better than me; but she never thought she'd win like this; she
never realised just how much better than me she really was.
I'm not sure what pushed me towards orgasm faster, Princess's tongue or the
expression on Kate's face, but after being denied for so long there would be no
stopping it now. " May I cum please Mistress...?" I panted as I buried my face
in the floor waiting for the orgasm I needed so much.
" Come here Princess." The Mistress called. And I let out a  low pathetic
whimpering sound; she was denying me again. " Please......." I begged softly,
desperately.
" Perhaps we will let you cum Lynne, but not with her tongue, you had that
opportunity yesterday and declined it. You can get yourself off with the
scrubbing brush; if Kate gives you permission. But it will be up to Kate whether
you get to cum or not."
I looked at the scrubbing brush which my hand was squeezing like a vice as I
endured the torture of denial yet again. " Please Kate, can I cum?  Can I make
myself cum......please......?"
I looked up at Kate as I begged her to let me end my torment. Her face was
flushed and her eyes were filled with lust. She was enjoying my humiliation far
more than she realised; I smiled when I saw the look in her eyes, I knew she
wanted to watch me cum. " Please Kate....please..."
I was still on my hands and knees just a few feet in front of her, looking up at
her." Go on then you little pervert." She snapped at me heatedly.  " Do it."
" Thank you Kate." I rolled onto my back lifted up the front of my  skirt and
pushed the rough bristles of the brush hard against the hot wet flesh between my
legs. I gasped from the jolt of pleasure that ran through my body. The stiff
nylon fingers on the brush were coarse and thick and they dug into the soft skin
of my pussy as I rubbed myself with it; but it brought me to the brink very
quickly. " I'm going to cum Kate." I moaned loudly. " I'm going to cum...Oh God
Kate I'm cumming..."
I looked up into Kate's eyes right up until the moment my orgasm hit me; but
once it had hold of me the pleasure was so intense, so fierce, that I was aware
of nothing except the waves of ecstasy that tore through me.  I screamed and
moaned and thrashed around on the floor as the waves of pleasure kept coming as
I kept cumming.
When it was finally over I lay limply on the floor, smeared in sweat and my own
juices and breathless from the exertion of what my body had been through.
Gradually I became aware of the sights and sounds around me; the first thing I
saw was Kate's face; and the first thing I heard was the Mistress's voice.
" Have you ever been pleasured by another woman Kate ?" Kate was in a daze, lost
in her own little world, her face flushed with excitement and nervousness. She
didn't or couldn't answer, she just stood there looking down at me with that
look on her face. " Show her Lynne."
I quickly crawled over and ran my tongue over the top of her shoes and up the
inside of her ankles. I pushed her denim skirt up higher as my tongue worked
it's way higher up her legs to the soft skin of her thighs.  The crotch of her
panties was soaked. She moaned loudly as I licked along the outline of her lips
through her wet panties. " No...don't." Kate panted desperately, but she didn't
back away, she didn't move. I pulled the wet crotch of her panties to one side
and stabbed her swollen clit with my tongue. " Tell her to stop."   Kate said
frantically as she looked at the Mistress. " Put your tongue inside her Lynne."
The Mistress said as she grabbed Kate's wrists to stop her trying to push my
head away. " Oh God No.....Don't."  Kate moaned, but she was soon thrusting
herself against my face and riding my tongue. When the Mistress knew Kate was
past the point of no return she let go of her wrists and Kate held onto my hair
as she came.
It had all happened so quickly, Kate's face glowed red with embarrassment. The
Mistress pushed me away." That's enough Lynne.  Finish the floor...... but get a
clean brush."
Kate looked distraught and confused as the Mistress escorted her back into the
house. I wasn't sure who'd been humiliated more in the end, me or Kate, but I
know which of us had a huge smile on their face.
" Come here !" The Mistress said in a firm sharp voice when she returned to the
veranda some time later. I was almost finished scrubbing the floor and I slipped
a couple of times on the still wet tiles as I crawled over to her as quickly as
I could.
" Yes Mistress." I said subserviently as I knelt at her feet.
" Tomorrow you will be taken to your husbands house in Cronulla where you will
wait for  him to return from his trip. You will be of no use to anybody by
Tuesday, and will remain of no use to anybody until Thursday or Friday." It took
a few seconds for what she said to make sense; but she knew my cycle. I don't
know why it surprised me that she did, she knew more about me than I did. " Your
husband will be back tomorrow night and you will stay with him in his house
tomorrow night and Saturday night. On Sunday you'll be taken to the airport and
you will spend the time you are of no use to anybody thinking about what you
want; deciding whether you really do want to commit yourself to me as my slave."
" I do Mistress I..." Her cold stare made me shut my stupid slut mouth.
I was so annoyed with myself for talking without permission again.
" And I will spend that time deciding whether or not I want you." There was a
long pause that made me feel very nervous about what the Mistress would decide.
" You've come a long way in a short time Lynne but I'm not sure you've come far
enough. A good slave is instinctively and absolutely obedient of her Mistress,
yet you continue to fail me. And I will not tolerate any more failures. Do you
understand ?"
" Yes Mistress." I said meekly.
Suddenly her demeanour changed and she smiled at me and reached down and ran her
fingers through my hair. " But you have a lot to offer a Mistress Lynne; you're
a very attractive very sensual woman; and when you do as you are told as you
just did with Kate you please me." There was another pause but it was very
different this time as she ran her fingers gently almost lovingly through my
hair.
" As a reward you may climax again; but be quick about it I have a guest
waiting." She caught me completely by surprise. I'd had an almost brutal orgasm
half an hour or so earlier with the scrubbing brush when Kate was there, and it
hadn't occurred to me that I'd be permitted to cum again. but I'd have no
trouble climaxing again so soon. In this world of Slaves and Mistresses there
seemed no limit to how often I could cum.
" Lie down." She said in that soft sensual voice she had when she chose to use
it. I obeyed immediately and lied on my back on the cold tiles. She flicked the
front of my little Slave Girl skirt up over my waist exposing my shaved crotch.
The soft skin still bore red marks left from the scrubbing brush. The Mistress
crouched down beside me and slowly ran her hand up the inside of my thighs; I
moaned softly when her fingers brushed lightly over my pussy. Suddenly she slid
a finger inside me and pushed her thumb down hard on my clitoris. Slowly,
teasingly she increased the speed at which her finger was sliding in and out of
me and the pressure that her thumb was applying to my clit.
" I want you to cum now Lynne." My body obeyed her and I felt my orgasm swell
inside me. She pulled her hand away just  I was about to cum. " Finish yourself
off Lynne." She said casually as she stood up and began walking away. I quickly
shoved two fingers inside myself and one up my arse and came. I writhed around
on the floor on the veranda alone; no one heard the noises I made as I came; no
one saw the look on my face; and no one knew I came again as soon as the first
orgasm subsided.
The sleepless night before and the exhausting pleasure of that morning had left
me completely spent and as the last ripples of pleasure subsided I drifted off
to sleep; alone on the cold tile floor of the veranda.
I don't know how long I'd been lying there but I awoke with Mistress Rebecca
standing over me glaring down at me. At times it was difficult to distinguish
between dreams and reality in this world of Slaves and Mistresses; but the sting
of the crop on my arse snapped me out of my hazy state of semi consciousness.
" You lazy little slut !" Mistress Rebecca yelled at me as the crop bit into the
soft skin on my arse again. I felt the sting of the crop on my arse many more
times as I crawled around scrubbing the rest of the floor. My arse was red by
the time Mistress Rebecca locked me back in my cage.  But I felt so totally
fulfilled and contented as I lay on my little bunk in my cage. I knew that this
was the life I wanted.
I'd been lost in my own little world as I enjoyed the afterglow of all that had
happened, and the thought of what might happen in the future; until I heard
Monica whispering my name from the cage behind me. I rolled over and saw Monica
standing close to the bars that separated us. She had a strange expression on
her face.
" What's the matter Monica ?" I whispered back.
" Look around Lynne, something's going on." I looked around the cage room where
the slaves are kept; through the soft yellow  light I saw that every cage bar
two was occupied, the slave in each cage dressed in the Mistress's favourite
little red Slave Girl outfit. Cherie was in her cage beside mine and Colleen in
the one on the other side of her. The cage on the end was empty. My eyes darted
to the cages across the walk way.  Kirsty was in the cage closest to the door,
then Desley, the next was empty, then Kelly opposite me and a woman I hadn't
seen before was in the cage on the end. She was an attractive woman, slim, late
20s, short dark hair and smooth olive skin.
As I looked around the room at the slaves in their cages I suddenly became aware
of a tension or sense of unease among the women.
" What's going on Monica ?" I whispered as I scanned the room again, but she
didn't get a chance to answer. The door to the cage room swung open and all the
slaves quickly knelt at the door of their cages; I copied their actions almost
as quickly.
The tall intimidating figure of Mistress Rebecca walked into the room.  'She's
just a slave like the rest of us' Monica had said, but she didn't look like any
of the other slaves in her black latex skirt and her black latex bra with the
metal studs on it. Her long black hair swayed from side to side as she walked
slowly, deliberately down the narrow walkway, gently tapping a riding crop in
her hand as she looked at the slaves with those cold eyes of hers. Her face as
always had a hard almost cruel look; the other slaves seemed more frightened of
her than they were of the Mistress.
There was something ominous in Mistress Rebecca's demeanour as she walked past
my cage, my eyes met hers for an instant but I quickly looked away. She stopped
at the end of the walkway and stood with her back against the concrete block
wall, still tapping the riding crop threateningly in her hand.
All eyes quickly darted to the doorway  as the sound of heels on concrete echoed
around the room again. The Mistress looked stunning in a short backless red
dress with a plunging neckline; sheer red stockings hugged her slim legs; and
the sound of her bright red high heeled shoes echoed eerily around the room as
she glided across the floor.
She stopped in the middle of the walk way and looked around the room at the
women in their cages one at a time. " Two of you will be joining me at an
auction at the warehouse tonight." Her words were spoken in a soft unthreatening
tone, but the words she used obviously sent a chill of fear through the slaves
kneeling at the door of their cages. There was an agonisingly long silence as
The Mistress stood there looking around at the slaves before she spoke again.
" I'm bored with you Kelly." The room remained silent but Kelly's head slumped
in front of her. " You're a very beautiful woman Kelly and a willing and
obedient slave, but you no longer interest me. I'm sure we'll find someone who
will enjoy having you." There was a hint of tears in Kelly's eyes as she  lifted
her head and looked up at the Mistress.
" Thank you Mistress." Her expression was a mixture of defiance and acceptance
of the inevitable.  Trevor came into the room as Mistress Rebecca unlocked
Kelly's cage and attached a leash to the red collar around her neck. They kept
telling me that a slave has no dignity, but the strongest impression left on me 
as Trevor led Kelly away to be sold off was how dignified she looked.
" Desley." The Mistress continued looking over at her. Desley seemed unsurprised
that hers was the next name the Mistress called. Looking around the room it
seemed that none of the other slaves were surprised either. " You're 41 this
year Desley." The Mistress said coldly. " And although you're not an
unattractive woman there is nothing particularly appealing about you physically
either; I do like the jewellery that adorns your nipples and clitoris but
anybody can have themselves pierced and decorated in that way. You're a very
ordinary looking woman Desley; but you already know that."
Desley remained still and silent as the Mistress belittled her. She wasn't a
stunningly beautiful woman like Cherie or some of the others. But I thought she
looked good with her long red hair falling to the top of her tight round arse as
she knelt at the door of her cage; her large firm breasts moving up and down
invitingly with each breath; her long stiff nipples with the gold rings in them
clearly visible through the sheer red material of her little slave girl top.
" Rebecca." The Mistress said without taking her eyes off Desley. " You will be
the other one joining us at the auction tonight."
A stunned silence descended on the room, interrupted only by a long soft sigh of
relief from Desley as the realisation slowly dawned on her that it wasn't going
to be her, this time.
" What ! " Mistress Rebecca said angrily as she moved aggressively towards The
Mistress.
" Don't speak to me like that you insolent little slut !" The Mistress said as
the back of her hand hit Rebecca across the face loudly and painfully.
" I'm sorry Mistress, please you can't...." Rebecca fell to her knees at The
Mistress's feet and a small trickle of blood ran from the corner of her mouth.
" I can do whatever I like you little whore. I own you and I'm going to sell
you. You have no say in it." The blood drained from Rebecca's face as Trevor
came back into the room and put a red studded collar around her neck.
" I know you little sluts gossip amongst yourselves when you think no one can
hear you." The Mistress said casually as she looked around the room. " I know
you all thought Desley would be the other one. But you are all just cheap whores
who know of nothing except your own selfish desires. Desley is not as young or
as beautiful as the rest of you but I would keep her ahead of any of you. She is
the only truly obedient one of all of you. In all the time I've had her she has
never hesitated when instructed to do something. Not once, not even for an
instant. Her obedience is unfailingly instinctive and immediate."
The Mistress reached through the bars of Desley's cage and stroked her hair
affectionately. " The rest of you would do well to learn from her if you wish to
stay here."
Rebecca was getting frantic as Trevor clipped a leash to the collar now around
her neck. " What have I done wrong Mistress...?" She sobbed pathetically. "
Please tell me what I've done wrong. I can do better Mistress. Just give me the
chance to show you please....."
" You've forgotten what you are Rebecca." The Mistress said coldly. " I let you
play Mistress to assist me with the other slaves but you forgot that you are
just a slave yourself; no better than any of the others. You took liberties with
the other slaves that were not yours to take. You were warned but failed to heed
the warnings; now somebody else can remind you of what you are."
There was another long silence as Rebecca looked up at the Mistress begging her
with her eyes not to do this. " There is one other option open to you Rebecca.
Do you wish to take up that option ?"
Rebecca closed her eyes. " No Mistress." She said softly as a tear rolled down
her cheek, she had surrendered completely now.
" The other option is open to me just as it is to you Rebecca." Rebecca's eyes
sprung open as if she'd just been stung by the kiss of the whip.
"  Please Mistress, don't do that to me. I'm sorry for behaving the way I have.
The other option is not one I can bare the thought of. Please sell me to
somebody else; please give me the chance to show my new owner that I can be a
good slave, that I can be whatever they want me to be." Tears were rolling down
her face as she spoke.
There was another long silence as The Mistress stared down at the woman on her
knees on the floor in front of her, pathetically begging her to sell her like a
piece of used furniture to someone else. " Very well Rebecca."
Trevor led Rebecca away and The Mistress took one more look around the room at
the slaves in their cages. " You will come with us tonight too Lynne. You've
been told that this is not a game anymore, that this is real.  Tonight you will
see just how real it is." The room where the slaves are kept in their cages
stayed silent for a long time after the others had left.  After a while Trevor
came back and took all the slaves except Monica and me with him; the sound of
the crop on the soft skin of their thighs filled the room as he herded them out.
" Monica." I whispered, but my voice seemed so loud as it reverberated around
the room. " What was all that about."
" I would have thought it was obvious Lynne." Monica's answer was as abrupt as
it was sarcastic. " Kelly and Rebecca are going to be sold to somebody else and
it could be anybody who buys them. A pain freak, an ugly old dyke, or someone
into any sort of weird shit."
Monica spat her words at me, her eyes filled with anger, then the expression on
her face suddenly changed. " I'm sorry Lynne. It's not your fault you don't
understand. But being sold at auction is every slaves worst nightmare. You just
don't know who will end up owning you. Our Mistress is stunning and beautiful
and she knows how to treat a slave.  Not all slaves are as fortunate as we are
Lynne. I hope the woman that used to own me doesn't buy either of them."
I wanted to ask why but I didn't know if I should. So I asked Monica what The
Mistress had meant by 'another option' that Rebecca had if she didn't want to be
sold to somebody else. The look Monica gave me made me wonder whether I should
have asked that either.
" There's a room upstairs that they call the ' failures room.' If Rebecca had
chosen that option she would have been taken up there and dressed in the clothes
she wore in her other life; her life before she became a slave. She'd be given
half of everything she'd earned working as a whore, which would be a
considerable amount in her case; then she'd be driven to a motel in Bondi
overlooking the beach. After that what she did would be up to her, but she'd
never see The Mistress again."
Monica paused and looked away deep in thought. " But that isn't an option for
any of us, we can't go back to the way things were, none of us can. And she'd
have no chance of finding a new owner, The Mistress would make sure of that. No
one in The Society will take a failure. She could slut around or work the
streets as a whore like Lexy, but that would not fulfil her, it wouldn't satisfy
her need to be a slave. There's nowhere for the failures to go Lynne."
I thought about what Monica had said and it frightened me. I wasn't even a slave
yet but I couldn't go back to the way things were before.  But I didn't want to
think about that, I wasn't going to let that happen.
" What's The Society Monica ?" I asked trying not to think about what I'd do if
the Mistress decided not to take me as her slave.
" The slave market in Australia is run by an organisation called 'The Pauline
Reage Society.' I don't know what it means or how it works but I know they're
very organised and it's all very formal. They run the auctions and oversee
everything, but that's really all I know."
Lynne put the pen down and shook her hand. So engrossed was she in writing what
had happened to her in her diary that she hadn't realised how sore her hand was.
She looked over at the clock beside the bed.  2.55pm already and still so much
to write about; and still no sign of her husband on what would probably be their
last day together.
She wore only the panties that her husband had left on the bed for her that
morning and the crotch was wet and stained. She looked at the vibrator on the
other bedside table that had been left there to tease her, she thought about it
for a moment, but knew better than to disobey her husband again. She didn't know
how she could deny her body the relief it craved when she started writing in the
diary hours ago, and her body craved relief even more now, but she would make
herself wait.
She walked out to the kitchen in just her wet panties and pulled the phone book
from one of the draws and quickly flicked through the "Ps" in the white pages
until she found it. " Pauline Reage Society. " There was a number listed but
what struck her was the address. It was in the same building as her husbands
office. She dialled the number.
" Pauline Reage Society Janelle speaking how can I help you ?"
Lynne didn't know what to say and quickly hung up the phone. She'd recognised
Janelle's voice, she'd rung her husbands office many times before. Lynne didn't
know what it all meant, but she wondered just how well she really knew her
husband. After a few moments she realised it didn't really matter anymore.
Monica was right, The Pauline Reage Society oversee everything to do with the
slave market in Australia and New Zealand. It started in the late 70s as a B&D
parlour in Balmain and evolved and grew into an organisation of immense wealth
and influence. They are discrete, but have no reason to hide. As of June 1999
there were 311 members, 914 employees and 63 associate members of the society in
Australia and New Zealand; with offices in Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane Perth,
Adelaide and Auckland.
Among other things membership entitles you to purchase slaves at the Society's
auctions. The employee's are the slaves like Monica, and the associate members
are those like Janelle, who, along with their own lawyers and accountants run
the administrative side of The Society.
The Society's founder handed control over to a group of six directors she hand
picked in the late 80s when it became too much for her to manage on her own, but
she remains a member today. The directors have absolute control over the
society. The directors were chosen solely for their commitment to maintaining
the option of a life of slavery and submission to those who chose it and their
understanding of that life style. Only the directors can appoint another
director, there is no vote from the members. One member protested that the
Directors operated like a Star Chamber, her membership was revoked and she has
failed to regain membership of The Society since, and there has been no more
talk of Star Chambers from the members.
There are still parts of the world where women are born into slavery and openly
traded as commodities. The only real difference is that the Society is more
discrete. Their tax returns list them as an employment agency, specialising in
the placement of full time domestic staff. Put simply, The Society contracts
women as maids, and sells their contracts to it's members; one member can buy
the contract of a maid off another member.
Initially listing The Society in the phone book was an act of defiance against
the conformity of "Normal Society." But as The Society grew it became a
necessity.
The Society is run like any other professional organisation but more importantly
if a Mistress or Master is  mistreating a slave, or putting her in danger, the
slave can ring The Society and  it's security staff will intervene very quickly.
It's only happened twice in the entire time The Society has been operating. On
one occasion the slave was indeed being put in danger from her Master who wanted
to brand the word SLAVE across her back and forehead. The pain involved was not
a problem; but the permanent marking of a slave required the slave's willing
consent.  And the risk of infection was high, and the Master involved had
intended doing the branding himself without the presence of one of the Society's
doctors. This was not acceptable. The Master involved was banned from the
Society and his business ventures suddenly floundered when his lines of credit
disappeared overnight. He's currently serving the last 2 years of a 9 year
sentence for rape in the Cessnock Corrective Centre; and the director who
nominated him as a member is no longer a director.
On the other occasion the slave involved had panicked. Her Mistress had wanted
to torture her by applying an electric current through a series of wires
attached to her nipples and vagina with alligator clips. But the Mistress had
conformed to The Society's rules. The torture was to be overseen by an
electrical engineer approved by The Society and one of The Society's Doctors was
present with a defribulator and adrenaline should there be a mishap. The slave
was taken to the failures room and then sent on her way. She now works as a
submissive in a sleazy B&D parlour in St Kilda in Melbourne; and she still
spends many sleepless nights wishing she could have that time over again.
There are reams of documents and waivers that a woman such as Lynne has to sign
before she can become a slave under the guise of being an employee of The
Pauline Reage Society, but every aspect of its operation is legal. Not that
anyone is ever likely to question anything the society does. Among it's members
are Judges and QCs and Politicians and some of the wealthiest people in the
country. Membership of the Society is keenly sought after, as of June 1999 there
were 147 applications for membership yet to be processed by the directors, but
it is unlikely that any of them will be successful.
The only problem of any note The Society has encountered happened in the early
90s when the Sydney arm of the Japanese Yakuza saw what it thought was an
opportunity to use the slaves as prostitutes in it's illegal brothels. But The
Society have associations with like minded organisations around the world; among
which includes some very powerful friends.
The Sydney office of The Pauline Reage Society sent a sympathy card to the wife
of the second in command of the Yakuza in Tokyo two days before his body was
found in a construction site. The Directors of The Society thought their friends
had been somewhat over enthusiastic in getting their point across, but the men
who flew into Tokyo on Iranian passports to take care of the matter did not. The
Pauline Reage Society is a much valued supplier of white slaves to Asia and the
Middle East, and unlike the back packers and other tourists they kidnap, the
women The Society send want to be slaves.
The fanatical supporters of a lifestyle which is a part of their religion will
not tolerate The Yakuza or the Mafia or any other organisation or individual
interfering with the smooth operations of The Society.
After that incident the various arms of organised crime co operated in any way
they could with The Society. The only other difficulty that had arisen for The
Society was in 1997 when a high profile journalist from one of the current
affairs shows stumbled across The Pauline Reage Society and started digging
around for information. He disappeared from the mainstream media on the second
day of his research and was last heard of in 1998 reading the news for a
regional radio station in far North Queensland.
The Pauline Reage Society operates with impunity from anyone on either side of
the law, and in Australia nothing happens in the slave trade or meat market as
some  call it that The Society doesn't know about or control.
But none of the slaves knew any of this and never would, neither would Lynne
whether The Blonde Woman took her as her slave or not. All the slaves needed to
know was that The Society was there, listed in every phone book in the country
if they felt they were in danger from their owners. That's all they needed to
know. Apart from that all the slaves knew was that they were just that, slaves.
All the Blonde Woman needed to have Lynne added to the list of employees of The
Pauline Reage Society was the approval of two of the directors, and she already
had the approval of one.
Lynne drank a glass of orange juice and was headed back to the bedroom to
continue writing in her diary when she heard voices on the front porch and then
someone had their finger pushed down on the doorbell and it rang continuously. "
Just a minute please." Lynne said nervously.
She raced into her bedroom and wrapped a black Kimono around herself, the
doorbell still ringing continuously. She was still tying the Kimono around her
waist as she opened the door. There were 7 or 8 men crowded onto the front
porch, they'd obviously been drinking. Some of the faces looked vaguely familiar
some didn't, one she recognised straight away; Ross was the one holding his
finger on the doorbell.
" My husband isn't home, I'm not sure where he is......."
" We're not here to see ya husband, we're here to see you, we all want to see
you." The men laughed the way drunk men do.
" Just a moment please." Lynne stuttered, hopelessly confused as she shut the
door and ran back into the bedroom and grabbed the phone.  There was a chorus of
voices telling her to hurry up and making all sorts of crude remarks about what
they had in their trousers for her; what they were going to do with her; what
she was going to do for them.
Her hand shook as she dialled her husbands mobile phone number. She looked out
the bedroom window at the pack of men hanging around the front yard and on the
porch.
" Come on. Come on...." She said impatiently, willing the phone to be switched
on.
" What's your fucking problem Lynne ?"Her husband was angry, but despite his
tone she found comfort in his voice.
" Ross is out the front with a group of blokes from the pub, they've been
drinking, they want to come inside, Ross must have told them about last night."
She spoke quickly, her words running into each other, then she waited anxiously
for her husband to say something, but the line stayed silent.
" Ross must have told them that they could all come around and fuck me. They're all
saying things, they all think they can just come in and fuck me." Again Lynne
waited for her husband to say something, the line stayed silent for what seemed
an eternity.
" Of course they all think they can just come around and fuck you Lynne.  You're
the neighbourhood slut. Aren't you Lynne ?" His words sent a shiver of
excitement up her spine.
" Yes. I'm the neighbourhood slut."
" You want all those men to fuck you don't you Lynne ?"
" Yes."
" Take them out onto the back deck. I don't want you making a mess in the house.
They can do whatever they want with you, do you understand ?"
" Yes." Lynne's voice was trembling.
" And you can cum once Lynne, but only once, do you understand?"
" Yes Master, I understand." Her voice was little more than a whisper.
" And don't clean yourself up afterwards. Finish writing your diary on the floor
in the laundry and wait for me there." With that the line went dead. Lynne hung
up the phone and took a long deep breath, her head was spinning and her legs
felt as if they could give way underneath her. She walked back to the door and
let them in, her heart thumping in her chest as they filed past her one at a
time, looking at her, making little remarks about her.
There were nine of them in all, including Ross. Lynne smiled like a horny slut
at each of them as she tried to decide which one she'd cum with.
Most of them were not particularly attractive men, not men she would choose to
fuck, but she no longer had the right to choose who could fuck her. But one of
them did catch her eye. She knew his first name was Troy, he worked at the local
bottle shop, he wouldn't have been more than 19 or 20.
She led them out onto the deck at the back of the house, it was screened in but
elevated. The neighbours would have a good view if they were lucky enough to
look that way.
The men had brought beer with them and passed the cans around while they talked
about her, and formed a little semi circle around her. The 'Pop' of cans opening
and the fizz of the froth foaming out of the cans drowned out some of their
little remarks as Ross moved closer towards her.
" See I told ya." He said arrogantly, his speech slurred, as he fumbled with the
bow on the belt of Lynne's black Kimono. " She'll fucking do anything, and she
goes off."
" Let me help you Ross." Lynne said softly as she pulled the bow free and slid
the Kimono off her shoulders seductively and then flung it away like a stripper
at a bucks party.
" Well, what do you think?" She said parading around in front of them.
" Holy Shit !" One of them said pointing to the dark wet patch on the crotch of
her panties.
" Did you piss yourself or what ?" Ross said and the others laughed loudly.
" No. But I'll piss myself if you want me to Ross." Lynne said casually and the
laughing stopped. " Well, whose first."  Lynne said enthusiastically as she
rubbed herself between the legs.
A loud argument broke out about who would get to go first. The men broke into
laughter again as one of them said: " I'm not going sloppy sixths." His speech
was even more slurred than Ross's.
" You aren't all just going to fuck me are you ? " Lynne said in a disappointed
tone. " I'm more than just a wet cunt you know. I've got a tight little arse
hole and I'm really thirsty too."
The laughter ended abruptly again. These men had all dreamt of having a slut
like Lynne at there disposal, now they had one, none of them were sure what to
do with her.
Lynne smiled to herself. How different this all was to that first night in the
garage at the party just three weeks ago. That night she just let the men do
what they wanted with her; that night she was too ashamed and embarrassed to do
anything else; but too aroused to stop it either.  That night she just let it
happen, but she was a very different woman now.
" I'll tell you what." Lynne said as she stepped out of her wet panties and
shoved them in Ross's mouth; he quickly pulled them out and looked daggers at
Lynne while the other men muttered comments about her shaved cunt. The men were
no longer in control, Lynne was.
" Why don't you draw straws to see who gets me first ?"
The men looked around at each other feigning smiles and confidence.  There were
a couple of sluts who hung out at the pub, and most of the men had fucked them
at least once, but they'd never met a woman like Lynne before.
" Or better still." Lynne said excitedly. " Why don't you raffle me. You blokes
are always having raffles down at the pub." She darted back into the house and
returned quickly with a handful of her husbands business cards and a pen.
" Do you want to do me again Ross, or did you get enough last night?"
" I'm in." Ross said quietly between slurps on his can of beer. This wasn't
going the way he had expected it to.
" Hmmm Good." Lynne said with wide eyes. " There's never too many hard cocks
around for me."
Lynne wrote L 1 through L 9 on the back of nine of her husbands business cards
and walked towards one of the men gathered around her.
He was wearing a Cronulla Sharks Cap and she whipped it off his head.  " Can I
borrow this." She said, her face beaming. She put the cards in the cap and
flicked it around a few times to mix them up, and then walked up to each of the
men one at a time and held out the cap for them to draw their number.
An unshaven man in a T-shirt, stubbies and thongs drew L 1 and got jeered by the
others. Lynne had difficulty hiding her disappointment when Troy got L 7, Ross
got L 6.
" How do you want me?" Lynne asked the man with L 1 cheekily. " Bent over with
your legs apart." The others laughed less nervously this time.  They didn't
understand Lynne, but they liked her. " My pleasure." Lynne replied
mischievously as she sauntered over to the large round table in the middle of
the deck and bent over it holding onto the sides.
She could feel him moving around behind her, then she felt his cock pushing
against her lips; he was already hard and was inside her with one quick thrust.
His cock was short but thick and Lynne was just beginning to enjoy him when he
grunted and came inside her.
" Stay like that Lynne." The man with L 2 said as the man with L 1 pulled his
shorts back up from around his knees. Lynne did as he said and stared straight
ahead as she felt him position himself behind her.  She didn't see his face and
couldn't remember which one of them had drawn L 2. All she could do was feel his
cock inside her, it felt good.
The first four men fucked her like that, quickly one after the other, with Lynne
bent over the table. She was standing there waiting for the next one with the
other men's cum leaking out of her and running down her thighs.
" Come on. Whose next ?" She said as she looked back over her shoulder. The men
looked less enthusiastic about fucking her now. She didn't look all that
appealing any more.
" Come on." Lynne said impatiently. " Whose next." The man with L 5 walked
almost reluctantly towards her. " I don't want to fuck you." He said with a hint
of disgust on his face. " Here, suck me off." He undid his zipper and pulled his
cock out, he was soft.
It took Lynne a long time to get him hard but he came quickly once she did, his
cum leaking out of the sides of her mouth as she struggled to swallow all that
he had deposited in her mouth.
" Bend over the table again." Ross said arrogantly. Lynne had lost count but she
knew that Troy was after Ross. She would get to cum soon.
She bent over the table again and grabbed the sides waiting for Ross to stick
his cock inside her. She gasped when she felt his cock against her arsehole, and
grunted loudly as he forced it up inside her.
The table rocked and Lynne panted as Ross fucked her up the arse. She wanted to
cum so badly, she could have cum with any of the others but she wanted to cum
with Troy, and he was next. But Ross's cock felt so good up her arse. She didn't
want to cum with Ross, but she couldn't hang on much longer; she desperately
wanted to reach down and rub her clit and let herself explode but she wanted
that to happen with Troy.
Suddenly Lynne noticed something out of the corner  of her eye. The man next
door, Andrew, was standing on his back veranda staring at her.  She'd always
liked Andrew a lot. He had dark handsome features and a quiet charm about him.
Seeing him made her moan loudly.
" Oh My God." She panted as her eyes met Andrews.
" That's it bitch." Ross panted at her. " You love it when I fuck you don't you
? I get you off don't I ?"
Lynne reached down and touched her clit and came loudly while Andrew watched her
and Ross fucked her. Lynne screamed out as the peak of her orgasm ripped through
her and moaned quietly as it subsided. She didn't notice Ross cum or pull his
cock out of her; but she did notice the look on Andrew's face; she did notice
Andrew hang his head and walk inside his house.
It took Lynne a while to recover, but eventually she turned around and said: "
Wow ! Okay. You're next aren't you Troy ?" But Troy was gone.  The others with L
8 and 9 didn't want to fuck her anymore  either. They just wanted quick head
jobs and neither of them could look at Lynne while she sucked them off; and
neither of them made much noise when they came; neither of them seemed to enjoy
they're orgasms very much.
The familiar feelings of shame and humiliation began to swamp Lynne again. She
could only imagine how she looked, with cum dripping out of every hole and a
puddle of cum on the floor between her legs.
" I'd like to see you piss yourself Lynne. Like you said you would before." Ross
said sensing the change. Lynne glared at him for a moment, then she remembered
what she was, and what she wanted to be.
" Sure Ross." She said with as much dignity as she could muster. She stood with
her legs apart and reached down and spread her lips open to give them as good a
view as she could. A few of them turned and walked away in disgust, but the rest
stood and watched her piss herself for them. When she was finished the men left
without saying a word either to Lynne or to each other. But the part that stung
Lynne the most was the smile on Ross's face as he left with the others.
Lynne cleaned up the mess on the floor, but as per her husbands instructions she
didn't clean herself up. She got her diary from the bedroom and layed on an old
towel on the cold tiled floor in the Laundry and re read where she was up to."
The slave market in Australia is run by an organisation called 'The Pauline
Reage Society.' I don't know what it means or how it works but I know they're
very organised and it's all very formal. They run the auctions and oversee
everything, but that's really all I know."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 20. THE GIRL IN WHITE.
Lynne cleaned up the mess on the floor, but as per her husbands instructions she
didn't clean herself up. She got her diary and the portable phone from the
bedroom and laid on an old towel on the tiled floor in the Laundry and re read
where she was up to.
" The slave market in Australia is run by an organisation called 'The Pauline
Reage Society.' I don't know what it means or how it works but I know they're
very organised and it's all very formal. They run the auctions and oversee
everything, but that's all I know."
Lynne thought about Andrew from next door for a moment; thought about all those
times they'd talked and flirted together and thought about what he must think of
her now. Perhaps her husband or the Blonde Woman would make her do something
disgusting with, or for Andrew; the thought brought a smile to Lynne's face.
She was lying on her stomach resting her head in her hand but the floor was cold
and hard and uncomfortable. She rolled over onto her side and gasped when she
saw herself in the mirror leaning against the wall opposite her. It was a full
length mirror encased in green plastic; Lynne thought it had been thrown out
years ago.
She had so many thoughts swirling around in her mind that she hadn't noticed it
until she rolled over onto her side and saw the image of herself just a few feet
away. She knew the woman in the mirror was her, but she didn't know the woman in
the mirror any more. She was naked except for a pair of stained panties, her
messy and knotted hair like her face was covered with white patches of dry
semen. Her crotch and legs were smeared and sticky .
Lynne's body reacted to the  image of herself in the mirror as her husband knew
it would. She stared at herself as she lightly ran her hands over her body, and
moaned softly as her fingers brushed over her crotch. She knew that this was how
the men saw her; and she liked it that they saw her this way. Her fingers
lingered near her crotch and then disappeared down the top of her stained
panties as her mind was lost in the image of herself in the mirror.
She heard the chirping ring of the portable phone she'd taken into the laundry
with her but never noticed it ringing until it stopped. " Oh Shit !" She swore
loudly as the sudden silence snapped her out of the trance she'd been in. She
sat up quickly grabbing for the phone on the floor beside her. She knew it would
have been her husband. He'd put the mirror there; he'd told her to lie on the
floor like that so she couldn't avoid seeing herself in it; seeing what it was
she had become. And he knew what she'd be doing.
Lynne held the phone in her sticky fingers waiting for it to ring again, her
thumb resting over the blue 'Talk' button. She stared at it  willing it to ring
again, but it didn't. " Shit ! " She swore again. Her husband would know that 
she'd been masturbating without permission as she looked at herself in the
mirror.
Her hands shook as she dialled her husbands mobile phone number.  It was
engaged, she pressed the redial over and over more franticly each time. She knew
he was ringing the Blonde Woman to tell her she'd disobeyed him again.
Lynne wanted to press the "Off" button when she heard the ringing tone, she was
afraid of what he might say; of what he might do.
" Are you on the floor in the Laundry Lynne ?" He sounded calm. almost friendly,
maybe it wasn't him ringing before.
" Yes." She answered quickly. " Yes I am Master. I did exactly what you told me
to do."
" But I didn't give you permission to masturbate, did I Lynne ?"
" No Master." Her voice echoed her distress and guilt at her own disobedience
and lack of control. " I'm sorry I let you down again, I'm sorry but it's all so
confusing...."
" What do you see in the mirror Lynne ?"
" I see myself the way others  see me; the way I want others to see me. I see
myself for what I am. " Her words came quickly and easily, her response was not
one she needed to think about, it was natural.  " I like what I see."
" What are you Lynne ? What is it you see that you like ?" Lynne rolled onto her
side again and rested her head in her hand holding the phone.
" I see  a woman who has been used; a woman who likes being used.  She's a slut
and a whore, but she's a lot more than that . She's a woman who loves the feel
of a dogs tongue between her legs; a woman who enjoys being whipped and
humiliated; a woman who would lift her skirt and wet her panties in public if
she was told to; a woman who loves and needs to be abused. I see her, I know
what she is, but I don't know if there is a word to describe what she is."
" Are you touching yourself Lynne ?"
" No. I want to, I need to, but I won't without your permission."
" Reach down between your legs, slide your hand down the top of your panties and
push your middle finger hard against your clitoris. Don't move your finger, just
hold it there. " Lynne let out a soft slow sigh of pleasure as she watched her
hand snake it's way down her body in the mirror. She saw how red her face was
and how full of passion her eyes were as she slid her hand under the elastic of
her soiled panties.  She moaned loudly as her finger pressed hard against her
clitoris.
" You liked Monica's story about what she did with Rex, didn't you ?"
" Yes Master." Lynne whispered.
"  Monica got on her hands and knee's and let a dog fuck her Lynne."
" Yes." Lynne moaned.
" Monica came from being fucked by a dog Lynne."
" Oh God Yes..she did. She came from fucking a dog the dirty little slut.
She came with a dog's stiff cock stuck inside her......"
" Do you want to cum like that Lynne ? "
There was a pause, a moment of silence as Lynne thought about it and looked at
herself in the mirror." Yes. Yes I do."
" Perhaps I'll let you cum like that with Rommell. I want you to think about it
for a while; think about what it would be like getting down on your hands and
knees so Rommell can fuck you. You can play with yourself while you think about
it, but don't cum." With that the line went dead.
Lynne was still looking at herself in the mirror, she saw the wild look on her
face and in her eyes. She wanted to do it with Rommell, her husband's big
Rottweiler. She found it surprisingly easy to admit to herself that she did want
Rommell to fuck her; just her and the big Rottweiler alone on the floor in the
laundry. No audience. No humiliation of having people watch her do it. She
wanted to do it for her own pleasure, not for the amusement of others but by
herself, for herself.
It had been in the back of her mind since Monica told her about her experience,
and she had thought about it the night before when her husband had tricked her
into doing something else with Rommell. Lynne didn't want to admit that she
wanted to do it, not until now anyway.
Lynne watched herself in the mirror as she masturbated and imagined doing it
with the big Rottweiler. In her fantasy she did it the way Monica had described
doing it. On her hands and knees with him entering her from behind. It hadn't
taken her long to get him hard, and apart from having to help him put it inside
her he needed  no encouragement. Once inside her he was in control. Lynne just
knelt on the floor on her hands and knees and felt him enjoy himself on her, and
enjoyed him. She watched herself in the mirror; watched what he was doing to
her.
" Fuck your little bitch." She panted. " I'm your little bitch on heat."
In her mind she came when she felt him cum inside her and collapsed onto the
floor exhausted as soon as his big cock let go of her. It was an orgasm as
fierce as any she'd ever had. It left her breathless and dazed on the cold tile
floor of the Laundry.
As the orgasm she imagined faded, she suddenly found herself on the brink of a
real orgasm as she fantasised and masturbated and looked at herself in the
mirror.
Lynne forced herself to remove her hand from inside her stained panties.  She
looked down at the phone, hoping it would ring and knowing it wouldn't. She knew
her husband wasn't going to let her get herself off.
She was startled by the sudden noise outside. Rommell was on the other side of
the laundry door. She could hear him panting and making low growling noises. It
was as if he knew there was a bitch on heat waiting for him on the other side of
the door. He scratched on the door a few times with his huge paws, each time
sending a shiver of excitement down Lynne's spine.
She wanted so badly to do what she'd fantasised about and somehow Rommell knew.
All she had to do was open the door and position herself for him. She tried to
stop herself but her hand reached up and rested on the round porcelain door
handle. Her mind was racing as she slowly turned the handle to open the door and
let him in. She knew she shouldn't do this; but she could still hear him
breathing; hear him making those low growling noises; he wanted her as much as
she wanted him; he was just the other side of the door.....
Suddenly she pulled her hand away. In her mind she could see Rommell standing
there on the other side of the door; his cock stiff and ready for her; but she
could see her husband standing next to him looking down at her in disgust.
Maybe her husband was there, maybe he wasn't. Lynne's heart was thumping; she
could feel the pulse racing in the arteries in her neck; and she could feel her
cunt throbbing; she wanted so badly to do this; but she knew she couldn't; not
this time anyway.
It took her a long while to calm herself down. She splashed cold water on her
face from the sink in the corner of the laundry, she noticed her hands shaking
as she held them under the jet of water.
Eventually she regained some semblance of control and lied on the floor again,
staring at the door, and at herself in the mirror. After a while she heard
Rommell walk off and knowing he wasn't there anymore made it easier for her to
clam down. The temptation she found so hard to resist was no longer just the
other side of the door.
Although nothing had really happened the experience had drained Lynne
emotionally and physically, she drifted off to sleep for a few moments after he
was gone.
When she awoke. She lifted her head and saw herself in the mirror again. She saw
the look on her face and smiled at herself; then laughed quietly to herself. She
loved the way they treated her in this world of Slaves and Masters. She belonged
in this world.
After a while Lynne re read the last part she'd written in the diary again.
" The slave market in Australia is run by an organisation called 'The Pauline
Reage Society.' I don't know what it means or how it works but I know they're
very organised and it's all very formal. They run the auctions and oversee
everything, but that's all I know."
Lynne picked up the pen and started writing again:
Monica didn't understand or know much about The Society and she didn't seem to
care. I suspect that none of the slaves will ever really know. But I was still
intrigued by what Monica had said about her previous owner.
" Monica." I whispered. " You said the Mistress bought you  off another woman
and that you hope that neither Kelly or Rebecca would end up being owned by her.
Why ? How did you get into all this......"
" It's a long story Lynne. I was submissive from a very young age. Even as a
little girl I used to love games where I got tied up. When I was a teenager I
used to tie myself up when I masturbated and did all sorts of things with
myself." Monica giggled and looked up at me sheepishly. " I did have a few
'normal' boyfriends over the years but it never worked out. I didn't really know
what I wanted. I was always attracted to other girls but I was never game to do
anything about that.  So I masturbated a lot and kept experimenting with self
bondage.  Then I worked with a woman who I was really really attracted to; she
looked a lot like you Lynne." Monica paused and our eyes met in the silence.
" Anyway, I'd always sort of tried to ignore the feelings I felt for other
girls, the other stuff I was doing on my own made me feel weird enough as it
was. But the woman that looked like you changed everything. I couldn't ignore
the feelings I had for her. She was married and her and her husband were into
all this. To cut a long story short, I made love to the woman after a party at
her place one night and the next thing I knew I was working as a whore in a
brothel in Canberra. And  then I gave myself to them as their slave. I'd found
what I'd wanted. But within a few weeks they took me to an Auction and sold me.
At the time being 'sold' was the most incredible experience of my life, and I'd
had a lot of incredible experiences. But the woman that bought me was ugly and
boring. All she ever did was fuck me up the arse with a strap on dildo, make me
eat her, and lend me to her dyke friends to do the same. That was bad enough but
the worst part was her other.......  .......fetish."
It upset Monica to talk about what her previous Mistress had done to
her, and I couldn't imagine how I would cope with what Monica had had
to cope with,  so I tried to move the conversation on." But you ended up here ?"
" Yeah, one night my Mistress dressed me up without saying anything and took me
to the Auctions. She made me look as off as she could. I'd put a lot of weight
on; I hadn't been allowed to shower or bath in days; she cut my hair all jagged
and messy looking; she dressed me in daggy old clothes that I looked horrible in
and the only make up she put on me was a lot of black eye shadow and mascara. I
looked so ugly and off.
When I was put on the stand no one made a bid; I think that's what my Mistress
had wanted. She wanted to humiliate me by having no one bid for me. I can't
explain what it was like standing there knowing no one wanted me. Just standing
there as the auctioneer tried to find something good to say about me; to get
SOMEONE to bid something for me. I could see people laughing at me, and
whispering things to each other about me.
The auctioneer asked once more for any offers before I was taken away in
disgrace; and then a voice said "$150,000". I looked up and saw that a Blonde
Woman had made the bid. She was the most beautiful woman I'd ever seen. I could
tell my Mistress was furious, she hadn't expected anyone to want me. And from
what I've been told, you can't bid on your own slave. $150,000 is not much for a
slave, some fetch as much as a million, but I didn't care. I was just so
grateful to her for bidding on me.  And I still am. She saw something  in me
that no one else at the Auction saw. That was seven months ago and I've done
everything I can to please The Mistress since. I'd die for her Lynne."
The expression on Monica's face told me she meant what she said, and it scared
me a little. Would I die for the Mistress.? Maybe I would ?
Monica went very quiet after that. Reliving what her previous Mistress had done
to her sort of made her withdraw into herself for a while. But it made me
realise that there were people like that out there who could end up owning me.
It was a risk I was prepared to take. But I wasn't the one being sold tonight.
Monica and I lay on our bunks in silence with just our own thoughts and fears
for a long time after that conversation.
After  some time, I have no idea how long, Trevor came into the cage room. "
Listen Lynne." Monica whispered in a hurried voice. " Whatever you do don't fuck
up at the Auction tonight. They're like a fucking Royal Wedding or something to
the Mistress's and Master's. Whatever you do don't fuck up tonight." She got the
last few words in just as Trevor approached my cage.
He opened the door and attached a leash to my collar. He started to drag me off
my bunk and then suddenly stopped and looked at me. He has eyes that make you
want to look away; but I made myself smile back at him. Without saying anything
he grabbed me and pulled my face against his crotch. I ran my tongue over the
outline of his soft cock through his rough denim jeans and felt him begin to
grow hard. I undid his zipper, took his cock out and wrapped my lips around it.
Trevor just grabbed me by the hair and fucked my face until he came with his
cock deep down my throat. He seemed to  like it as I gagged and coughed and I
tried to swallow all of his hot salty cum and he pushed his cock even further
down my throat making me gag and cough even more.
When he was finished he led me down the maze of corridors and stairs and into
what looked like a garage or workshop; and then into an adjoining room that was
obviously his bedroom. It was a small, messy, sparsely furnished room with an
unmade bed against one wall and a TV and couch opposite the bed. There was a man
sitting on the couch watching cricket on the TV.
" Well...." Trevor said as he stood me in front of him. " What do you reckon ?"
The man wore grotty dark blue overalls and was drinking  a can of Tooheys
Draught. His eyes quickly darted over my body and then back to the TV.
" I thought you were going to get me one of those young blonde ones again." The
man said sounding disappointed.
" I couldn't get one of them. You could always just go home and screw your
wife." They both laughed loudly. " Fuck that !  She'll do."
" Get on the bed." Trevor said to me with those creepy eyes of his looking into
mine. The man didn't seem in all that much of a hurry to fuck me.  He and Trevor
were more interested in watching replays of a catch Ricky Ponting had taken.
Eventually after watching a dozen replays from a dozen different angles the man
got up and moved towards me, but he was still looking back at the TV as he did.
Being provided with a woman to fuck was obviously nothing new or special to
Trevor's mate.
He pulled the front of his overalls open, pushed his shorts and underpants down.
His large uncircumcised cock hung down between his legs. " Come on !" He said
impatiently. I lent over and slid his cock into my mouth and sucked on it and
ran my tongue over it trying to get him hard.When he was ready he pushed me away
and climbed up on the bed on top of me. Then his attention was drawn back to the
cricket on the TV again. Glen McGrath had yorked another of the Sri Lankan
batsmen, sending the middle stump cart wheeling back. The man on top of me
watched all the replays with his cock pushing against my cunt.  His cock was
only semi erect when he finally turned his attention back to me and started
trying to get his cock inside me.
He smelt of sweat and grease and beer as he fucked me and grabbed at my tits. He
wasn't remotely interested in whether or not I enjoyed it, I'm sure sex for this
man is always like that, so I just lay there and closed my eyes while he used
me; the taste of Trevor's sour cum still lingering in my mouth.
It took the man a long time to cum, but eventually his grunts became louder and
more intense and then he suddenly went limp, the full weight of his body pushing
down on mine.
" Get one of the young blonde one's for me next time will ya mate ?" He said as
he pulled himself out of me and dragged himself off me. " I can pick up sluts
like this one anywhere. Get one of the young blonde one's for me next time
hey...."
I knew the only sex this man got was when he paid for it or when Trevor brought
him one of the slaves; I was sure his wife felt the same way about fucking him
as he did about fucking her. His snide comments didn't bother me. I felt sorry
for him because he obviously believed what he was saying. A man with a cock like
that has a lot to offer a woman; but a man with an attitude like that has
nothing to offer a woman.
" Come on !" Trevor snapped at me as I got off the bed and straightened my skirt
and top. He grabbed my leash and took me to one of the bathrooms. For the first
time I was allowed to bath without supervision.
I washed away all traces of the man that had fucked me and cleansed my mouth and
throat of what Trevor had forced me to swallow. When I felt clean I dressed into
a fresh white Slave Girl outfit, put on some make up and perfume and waited.
" Put the fucking sandals on you stupid slut !" Trevor yelled at me from the
doorway as I was checking my make up again. I spun around, startled by his loud
nasty voice. I didn't know what he meant. The slaves never wore any shoes,
nothing on our feet except painted toenails. I started to panic a bit. " I'm
sorry Sir I don't ...."
" The fucking sandals on the fucking hamper where your clothes were you stupid
fucking slut !" Trevor stormed over to the hamper and grabbed a pair of white
flat sandals off the hamper and threw them at me. " I'm sorry. I didn't know." I
stuttered nervously as I bent over to pick them up. I kept thinking about what
Monica had said. " Whatever you do don't fuck up tonight."
I'd sucked Trevor off the way he wanted, his mate had seemed to enjoy fucking me
even if he had made out he didn't; I thought I was doing well until I saw the
look on Trevor's face. I think I'd seen the sandals but I didn't know I was
suppose to wear them. Trevor grabbed me roughly and put a red collar around my
neck and clipped a chain leash to it, then dragged me down the hallway.
He led me upstairs into the sitting room where the Mistress was seated on one of
the leather couches. She looked exquisite in a black evening gown with her long
blonde hair falling over her shoulders and expensive jewellery glittering around
her neck and hands. Trevor handed her my leash and I knelt on the floor at her
feet as Cherie served her a glass of Champaign from a silver tray. Cherie was
wearing a French Maid's outfit, like Kelly used to wear; she was serving the
Mistress like Kelly used to.
From where I was on the floor I could see up Cherie's skirt, I could see the
outline of her lips and the strip of blonde hair against the sheer black panties
she wore.
" What are you looking at Lynne ?" The Mistress asked.
" I.....I was looking up Cherie's skirt Mistress."
" It's a nice view isn't it ? "
" Yes Mistress." I thought I'd fucked up again, but it seemed I hadn't.  The
Mistress just smiled at me and told me to polish her shoes. I lent over and
started licking the expensive black leather. When her shoes glistened all over
with my saliva Cherie handed me a cloth to buff them with.
Suddenly my collar grabbed at my throat and I tried frantically to scramble to
my feet as I was dragged along the floor.
" Take her down to the van with the others." I heard The Mistress say as I
managed to get to my feet. My collar kept digging into my neck as a large dark
skinned man dressed in black pants with a white shirt and black tie led me down
some stairs and into a large garage. He slid the door on a black van open and
virtually threw me in.
Kelly and Rebecca were huddled together on the floor opposite me. The man
clipped a chain attached to a bracket on the roof of the van to my collar. I
slid my fingers between the collar and my throat and tried to get my breath
back; as I did I noticed Kelly and Rebecca again.
Rebecca looked so different to the other times I had seen her. The times when
she was Mistress Rebecca she looked so frightening  dressed in all the leather
with her big boots and a whip or crop in her hand. Now she just looked
frightened.
The hard face that I was so scared of was now pale and soft; the cold eyes that
had looked so cruelly at me before, now looked back at me with nothing but fear
and confusion.
Kelly and Rebecca were huddled together like two frightened little girls, their
collars clipped to the same bracket on the roof of the van as mine.  Kelly's
eyes met mine for an instant and I saw the hatred that she felt for me. She
thought I was part of the reason The Mistress was getting rid of her, but I
wasn't so sure. The Mistress did things for her own reasons; she was bored with
Kelly, that wasn't my fault; Kelly should have done more to keep The Mistress
interested in her.
Suddenly the van was plunged into darkness as the door slammed shut. The windows
were blacked out and a partition separated the back of the van from the front,
we sat on the carpeted floor in pitch blackness.
I don't know how long we drove for but it seemed like a long time, maybe an hour
maybe more; and apart from the hum of the engine and the rattling of our chains
the whole trip was taken in absolute silence and total darkness.
When the van stopped and the engine cut out the silence and darkness became
almost unbearable. I felt a great sense of relief when the van door slid open
and light spilled into the back of the van. But as I looked over at Kelly and
Rebecca I saw that their feelings were directly opposite to mine. They wanted
the door to stay shut, they wanted to stay huddled together in the comfort of
the darkness and the warmth of each others bodies.
The large dark skinned man unclipped the chains from our collars and dragged us
from the back of the van. We were inside a huge warehouse with a concrete floor.
Silver highbays suspended from the high roof  lit the area with a bright white
light. There must have been close to 30 similar vans parked around us. At the
other end of the warehouse there were rows and rows of  BMWs and Mercedes' and
Limousines and all sorts of expensive vehicles.
It was a bizarre scene; men and women wearing  expensive suits and dresses;
other women dressed in all sorts of revealing outfits; some in leather; others
in skimpy tops and skirts; others in sheer silk robes; some wearing nothing
except body jewellery.
We were half led half dragged down towards the millions of dollars worth of
luxury vehicles parked at the other end of the warehouse. The Mistress's black
BMW pulled into a parking space with a "reserved" sign and a number painted on
the floor, I can't remember the number;
" Take those two to the display area Kenneth. She's coming with me." The
Mistress took my leash off Kenneth and led me across the warehouse. I walked
behind her as I assumed a slave was suppose to; but no one had told me or taught
me how a slave was suppose to behave in a lot of situations. I still had a lot
to learn.
I watched Kenneth drag Kelly and Rebecca towards  a large roller door.  Two
large men dressed in Security uniforms watched expressionless as Kenneth slid a
keycard down the slot in an access panel on the wall.  An electric motor hummed
and the large roller door groaned and creaked as it slowly lifted. It's hard to
describe the way Kelly and Rebecca looked as Kenneth led them away to whatever
awaited them on the other side of the roller door. Lost, frightened, overawed.
But somehow I knew in amongst all the emotions they were feeling there would
have been an element of arousal. I'd thought about it in the darkness and
silence in the van as we drove. Just the thought of actually being "Sold" had
certainly aroused me, but then, I wasn't the one being sold.
The Mistress stopped in front of a white metal door that looked like one of
those big coolroom doors. Two men who looked like clones of the two who guarded
the roller door watched as she punched some numbers into a keypad on the wall.
There was a click sound and the door slid open to reveal a long enclosed walkway
with plush gold carpet. The sides were lined with white statues of naked women
in all sorts of erotic poses, and exotic flowers hung down in ceramic pots from
the ceiling.
We walked slowly, The Mistress seemed to like the Statues and the incredible
combination of fragrances from all the flowers. Two stunningly attractive Asian
women wearing the garments of Egyptian slave girls bowed gracefully as we
approached. " Welcome to The Society Mistress." They said in harmony as we
passed them and entered what looked like a foyer area.
The foyer opened into a large auditorium or ballroom. There were hundreds of men
in suits and women in expensive Evening Gowns mingling and talking as women in
clear plastic tops and skirts served Champaign from gold trays. There was a
stage in the middle of the room that was lit in such a way that it seemed as if
the stage was floating. On the stage were two elegantly beautiful women with
long black hair wearing sheer white silk gowns. They were seated at two large
white Grand Piano's; the music they played was as beautiful as the women who
played it.
" Good evening Colin." The Mistress said. I suppose I should have been more
surprised than I was, but I was becoming accustomed to the unexpected. Colin is
a man in his mid 40s, tall with short dark hair and a neatly trimmed moustache.
He looked quite good in a Charcoal Amani suit. He is a business associate of my
husbands and we've met socially many times.
" Can I take that for you ?"
" Yes thank you Colin." The Mistress replied as she handed him my leash and
walked across the Ivory Marble floor towards the ballroom.  The collar dug into
my neck again as Colin pulled on it and led me towards what looked like a cloak
cupboard. The room was dimly lit and there were at least a dozen other women in
various types of revealing " Slave Girl' outfits with their leashes clipped to
hooks in the low ceiling.
I didn't want to look at Colin so I looked at the faces of the other slaves in
the cramped room as Colin clipped my leash to one of the hooks. I liked the way
they looked. One girl in particular held my gaze. She was very young and she
looked incredible. The contrast of the innocence on her face and in her eyes to
the raw sexuality her scantily dressed body exuded excited me; especially when
she looked at me and smiled.
Suddenly the room was plunged into darkness, the image of the girls face now
only in my mind. I don't know why but I reached down and slid a finger inside
myself and lifted it to my mouth to taste myself; I tasted good; I wanted the
girl in the white G-Sting panties and white top to taste me.
As the image of the girl in white faded I started thinking about what a strange
feeling it was standing there like that with the other women; waiting to be
collected by our owners. Then my thoughts turned to Colin. I'd always known he
fancied me, but it wasn't until I saw the look in his eyes the last time we met
that I realised how much he wanted me sexually.
My husband and I had gone to a nice restaurant for a quiet romantic dinner. I'd
worn a skirt that was so short it barely covered my crotch when I walked; my
husband loves that skirt. Colin and some friends of his were having dinner at
the restaurant. My husband had gone over to their table a few times, and Colin
had come to ours. We stopped at his table again as we were leaving and Colin
jokingly said something about how short my skirt was. I couldn't believe it when
my husband lifted the front of my skirt up for a split second in the middle of
the restaurant for Colin and anybody else who happened to be looking to have a
better look. We'd all been drinking and it was all just a bit of fun, but the
look in Colin's eyes told me how much he wanted to lift my skirt himself.
I laughed as I tried to be angry with my husband for doing what he did but it's
all we talked about in the taxi on the way home. It's all we talked about while
we fucked when we got home; and it was the look in Colin's eyes I saw when I
came with my husbands tongue deep inside me. That all seems such a long time ago
now.
Suddenly the door burst open and the room was illuminated again by the circular
fluorescent light on the ceiling. Colin shut the door behind him and looked at
me. The look on his face and in his eyes told me what he was thinking, what he
wanted.
" I've been waiting a long time for this Lynne." He said in a low voice as he
ran his hands over my shoulders and down to my breasts. He cupped them in his
hands and squeezed them tightly, flicking his thumbs over my nipples. Then he
reached up and unclipped the leash on my collar.  He didn't say anything else or
do anything else, he didn't need to, I knew what he wanted me to do.
I kissed and nibbled on his neck and down over his chest and stomach until I was
on my knees with his crotch in front of my face; I could see that he was already
hard. I undid his zipper and pulled his cock out; he wasn't very big, but he was
very hard. I gently licked the head, lapping up the salty pre-cum that dripped
from the eye of his cock, then I licked along the shaft and sucked him into my
mouth.
" Oh God I've been waiting a long time for this...." He said again as I slid his
cock in and out of my mouth. " That's it you fucking little slut!"
I could feel the eyes of the other women in the room on me, and I could see the
girl in white out of the corner of my eye. Suddenly Colin pulled me to my feet;
spun me around; pushed me against the wall; lifted the back of my skirt and
positioned himself between my legs.
It seemed as if I was always wet these days and his cock slid easily inside me;
I pushed my arse out so he could get at me better. Colin fucked me with the
urgency and intensity of a man who had indeed been waiting a long time.
I was just starting to enjoy the feel of his cock pounding in and out of me when
he moaned loudly and came. My body slapped hard against the wall as he fucked me
wildly as his cum spurted inside me. Then he suddenly stopped, let out a low
loud growl and bit me on the neck.
" Next time, I'm going to fuck you up that cute little arse of yours." He
whispered into my ear breathlessly. " Clean this you slut !" He snapped at me
and I knelt down and licked his cock clean. Then he pushed me away and called me
a slut again. He obviously liked calling me a slut; but not as much as I liked
being called a slut.
I got to my feet and straightened my skirt and top and Colin started laughing
quietly. He was laughing at me, but I wasn't sure why. For years I'd been the
respectable wife of a work colleague and in general Colin had treated me with
respect, even though at times the look in his eyes had shown what he'd like to
do with me. Now he'd done that and more and doubtless had other things in mind
for me when the occasion presented itself. I assumed that that is what he was
smugly laughing at; the respectable wife of a colleague who'd shown herself to
be nothing more than a cheap slut. It didn't bother me that that amused him, I
felt no shame in what I was, what I had become.
But when I looked up to show him that I wasn't ashamed of what I was I saw what
he was really laughing at. He was pointing to a little puddle of cum on the
floor where I had knelt down to clean his cock." You're leaking Lynne." He said
still laughing. He told me to lift up the front of my skirt; cum was dripping
out of me and running down the inside of my thighs.
" Clean her up." He said to the girl in white as he unclipped her leash.
" Yes Sir." She answered in a soft sweet voice. Our eyes met for an instant as
she knelt in front of me and started licking up the trickles of cum off the
inside of my thighs, slowly  working her way up my legs. I moaned softly as I
felt her tongue on my lips; and I moaned loudly when her tongue suddenly plunged
inside me.
" Don't you get off on this you little slut." Colin said in a mocking tone.
" No Sir." I moaned trying not to enjoy what I was enjoying so much.
" Where's her tongue Lynne ?"
" Inside me....inside my cunt...."
" And what's she doing with her tongue ?"
" She's...she's....licking your cum out of me...."
" You like her tongue inside you, don't you little slut ?"
" Yes !" I panted. He was getting off on watching me trying not to get off; and
he was making it even harder for me not to. I couldn't hold on much longer. " I
think my cunt is clean now Sir, I think she can stop now...."
" What a slut like you thinks doesn't matter Lynne. "
" No Sir...I'm sorry....." All I could do was bite my lip and try not to cum. 
The girl in white helped me without Colin knowing. She did as he had told her to
and licked and sucked every drop of his cum from on me and inside me; but she
didn't let her tongue touch my clit. I would not have been able to stop myself
from cumming if she did.
Colin enjoyed watching me squirm with the  girls tongue inside me; but he wanted
me to cum; he wanted me to cum without permission and he grew frustrated when I
was able to hold on.
" Did any of my cum drip down the crack of your arse Lynne ?"
" NO !" I answered quickly, I knew what he was thinking. " No Sir it didn't."
" We better make sure." He said with that smirk on his face. He made me turn
around and bend over so the girl in white could get at my arse. I grunted loudly
as her tongue forced it's way inside me there. I'd never had an orgasm from only
anal stimulation before. If Colin hadn't told the girl to stop when he did I
would have had my first one in that way with her sweet young tongue up my arse.
I don't know why Colin stopped her when he did. Was it because he knew I was
going to cum; or was it that he thought I was going to be able to hold on and he
was getting bored?  I don't think it mattered to him anyway. He knew how close I
was; he knew the state I was in when he clipped my leash back on; he knew what
he'd done to me; and that obviously pleased him.
The girl in white and I exchanged looks and smiles just as the light went out
and the room was plunged into darkness again. I could hear the other women
breathing and it was only then that I gave them any thought. I'd noticed them
when I first went down on Colin, but hadn't noticed them again until the room
was dark and silent again. That struck me as odd, that I could do all that in
front of these women and forget that they were even there. I laughed quietly at
myself; what wasn't odd or bizarre in this world I'd hope to become a part of ?
I didn't realise that my hand was under my skirt and that I was gently stroking
myself until the door burst open and light spilled into the room again. I
quickly pulled my hand out and tried to hide the evidence on my fingers of what
I'd been doing.
Steven unclipped my leash and the young girl in white's leash  from the ceiling
hooks and led us out of the room. Steven is another work associate of my
husbands. He's a big man but not particularly attractive.  He has one eye which
is slightly skewed; you notice it the first few times you meet him, but tend to
forget it or not notice after a while; but I noticed it again this time when he
looked at me.
Steven is a really lovely man, friendly, funny, extremely polite; that's
probably why I felt a hint of embarrassment when he looked at me; a sense of
shame that I didn't feel with Colin.
Steven led us across the foyer and down a hall into a long narrow empty room. "
You both think you want to be slaves. You both fantasise and masturbate at the
thought of it; but neither of you as yet fully understand what being a slave
really means. You've both been told that this is not a game, that this is very
very real. Tonight you will learn more about how real it is." This was obviously
a speech Steven had given many times before.
" You will no longer have husbands or boyfriends or lovers. You will have no
friends, no acquaintances, no contact with relatives or anyone other than your
owner and those your owner chooses to share you with. You will no longer have
any possessions, you will be a possession. You will forfeit everything you own
so as you can be owned. Obedience is the only thing that will enable you to
endure what will be done to you. You will have no rights bar one, the right to
be kept alive."
Steven paused for a moment to let his words sink in; I knew everything he said
already, I'd been told many times before. But the way he said it gave an edge to
it that scared me a little.
" You will have no life other than the life your owner chooses for you. As far
as 'normal' society goes it will be as if you no longer exist; it will be as if
you were dead; and there may be times you wished you were."
" You're here because you've met someone in The Society who makes your dirty
little cunts quiver so much you think you want to give yourself to them as their
slave. But ultimately the person you initially give yourself to will tire of you
and bring you here where you will be sold to the highest bidder. That could be a
man or a woman or a group; an Australian or a foreigner. They may be white or
black or coloured, we don't care and neither will you. You will live in Sydney
or Singapore or Seattle or wherever your owner takes you. You will be tortured
and abused and humiliated as a matter of course."
As he spoke an image appeared on the wall at the end of the room; a beam of
bright light hovered over us projecting the image onto the wall, and the sounds
of a woman screaming filled the room.
She was a young brunette woman; she was tied to a post while a large brute of a
man in black whipped her viciously. The whip broke her skin and blood trickled
from red lines that covered her back.
I flinched each time the whip cracked across her body making her scream and beg
for mercy. Then suddenly the whip hung limply in the mans hands and another
woman appeared and untied her. Her face was red and streaked with tears. She
fell to the floor at the mans feet kissing and licking his big leather boots as
she thanked him for whipping her.
Suddenly the image changed and there was a slim sandy Blonde Woman being
forcibly led across a room and bent over a padded  stool; her wrists and ankles
were shackled to the floor with heavy chains. All the while she was begging them
not to do this, to do something else with her, anything else but not this. Then
another woman appeared carrying a branding iron. The slave's plea's became
louder and more desperate as the woman got closer. The scream she let out sent
an icy chill up my spine and I had to look away. When I looked back there was a
small "TS" insignia branded on the slaves left shoulder blade.
She was still groaning in pain as the image suddenly changed again. A dark
skinned woman was on her hands and knees crying out in ecstasy as a large
Doberman mounted her unaided from behind and fucked her.  The images kept
changing; scene after scene of women being used and abused in the most cruel and
disgusting ways appeared before us. Some of the things I saw I'd already done or
had done to me, some of the things I saw I hadn't.....as yet.
If the images were meant to shock us, to make us re-think what it was we were
doing then they didn't serve their purpose. My already wet cunt was dripping as
the final image faded; and I could tell by the look on the face of the girl in
white that she was as aroused and fascinated by what she had just seen as I was.
" That is your future." Steven said in a deep low voice. " That is a sample of
what awaits you if you do this." The room went silent for a moment.
" I've been waiting a long time too Lynne." Steven said in a very different
voice. He caught me by surprise. I was still imagining myself doing the things
I'd just seen the other women do.
Steven's cock is not particularly long but very thick. It was difficult to get
it in my mouth properly as I knelt in front of him. It was even more difficult
to swallow all of his cum, there was so much of it. His cock just kept pumping
it in my mouth and down my throat faster than I could swallow it, but I did
swallow it, every drop of it.
I cleaned his cock for him and then he left, leaving us alone with our thoughts,
and each other; alone except for the burly security guard who stood with his
back to us on the other side of the open door at the other end of the room.
The girl in white leaned against the wall with her back to the guard and slipped
a hand down the top of her panties. I started to say something but she put the
finger of her other hand against her lips to stop me, gesturing towards the
security guard behind her.
The things that had happened; what she'd seen and what she'd done had left her
as aroused as I was, and she was going to do something about it. She smiled at
me and her eyes lit up as her fingers found the spot. She looked like a naughty
little schoolgirl who was masturbating in front of a girl friend with her
parents in the next room. It was all so natural and innocent in a place that was
so unnatural and debauched.
" You're Mistress is going  to spend a lot of time spanking you and whipping
you, you naughty little slut." I thought to myself.
I watched as she masturbated in silence. Her fingers had obviously found her
clitoris as they moved frantically around inside her panties and inside her. I
watched as the expression on her face slowly changed as the pleasure built
inside her. The look on her face was almost enough to make me cum.
I glanced over her shoulder at the Security Guard who still stood with his back
to us in the doorway. The girl in white was close, I could tell. Her hand was
moving faster and her eyes were on fire. She bit her bottom lip and nodded her
head at me; she was going to cum.
" For Christ sake don't make any noise." I thought to myself as I watched her
pleasure herself in silence. She opened her mouth as if to cry out as the first
wave of her orgasm ripped through her, but she didn't make a sound. She closed
her eyes and her face grimaced as if in pain as she rubbed herself faster as her
orgasm grew stronger.
I wanted to hear her cum, I wanted to hear what she sounded like, what sorts of
noises she made, but she made none. Suddenly her eyes sprung open as if jolted
open by what was happening to her. Her mouth was wide open, her head rocking
slightly with each spasm. Then she closed her eyes again and her face lit up in
a mischievous smile as she enjoyed the last moments of her orgasm.
I saw her body relax as she came down from the heights she had taken herself to.
She stood there for a moment, her hand still down her panties but motionless.
Then she pulled her hand out and held her fingers in front of me, they glistened
with her cum and I licked and sucked them clean for her as I watched the
security guard over her shoulder. She tasted as good as she looked.
" Your turn." She only mouthed the words but I understood her. I shook my head.
" No. I can't." I said without speaking, but she just smiled at me with that
enchanting smile of hers and nodded her head.
" Yes. You can." The Security Guard turned his head and gave us a curt and
disinterested glance; but we hadn't made a sound.
We swapped positions when he turned away, me with my back to him this time. "
No...I can't." I mouthed the words again but my hand was reaching up under my
skirt as I did.
I looked into the girl in white's eyes as my fingers moved between the slippery
folds of flesh between my legs. I grunted softly when my finger brushed over my
clit. Her eyes shot from mine to the Security Guard behind me then back to my
eyes. He mustn't have moved because she smiled at me and nodded for me to try
again.
I gritted my teeth to try to hold in the noises I wanted to make as I slid a
finger inside myself. The girl in white looked over my shoulder again and nodded
for me to keep going. It wasn't going to take much to make myself cum, I knew
that, I just didn't know if I could cum in silence the way she had. But the look
on her face, the way she encouraged me to keep going with her eyes made it seem
that I would cum in silence.  It was too late for me to stop now anyway.
I pushed my thumb hard against my clit and fucked myself with my finger. I soon
felt it begin to swell inside me, felt it getting closer. The girl in white 
looked so young, so pretty, so innocent. I wanted so badly to cum looking at her
and I wanted her to watch me cum. I motioned for her to check the Security Guard
one more time before I let myself cum. She looked over my shoulder, smiled at me
with those eyes of hers and nodded her head that it was safe to cum.
" You should have learnt by now not to trust anyone except your Mistress Lynne."
Steven's deep voice startled me. I spun around and saw him glaring at me, then I
looked back at the girl in white.
" You Fucking Bitch !" I screamed at her. Steven pulled my hand out from under
my skirt. " Please let me cum..." I begged him, my mind was racing I didn't know
what was happening, but I did know I was going to cum.  I fought with him to
free my hand so I could finish myself off; but he held my arms tightly, and
glared into my eyes. " You fucking bitch !" I yelled at her again as a ripple of
pleasure ran through me and quickly faded.
I don't know how long we stood there like that, with Steven holding me tightly
by the wrists. Eventually my mind began to clear, my body still ached for the
pleasure that I'd been denied by her betrayal, but I was in control again. " I'm
sorry, please I'm sorry..."
Steven's eyes were cold and unresponsive. " Your Mistress will be informed of
this."
" Please don't tell her, please....." I stopped begging him because I could see
it would achieve nothing. The young girl in white had a smug look on her face
when I looked back at her. I didn't understand how she could betray me like
that. " You fucking bitch !" I mumbled again. But no one was listening, no one
cared.
" Whatever you do, don't fuck up tonight Lynne." Monica had said. I trusted her,
she hadn't betrayed me, or had she ? I didn't understand anything anymore;
except what Steven had just said about not trusting anyone except my Mistress. I
could only hope that I hadn't learnt that lesson too late.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 21. THE AUCTION.
" Please don't tell her, please....." I stopped begging him because I could see
it would achieve nothing. The young girl in white had a smug look on her face
when I looked back at her. I didn't understand how she could betray me like
that. " You fucking bitch !" I mumbled again. But no one was listening, no one
cared.
" Whatever you do, don't fuck up tonight Lynne." Monica had said. I trusted her,
she hadn't betrayed me, or had she ? I didn't understand anything anymore;
except what Steven had just said about not  trusting anyone except my Mistress.
I could only hope that I hadn't learnt that lesson too late.
Steven led the girl in white from the room and left me there alone with the door
shut and the room in darkness. I still needed to cum, I could have masturbated
and achieved the relief I so desperately needed and no one would have known; but
I didn't. I'd made the same mistake so many times now, cumming or masturbating
without permission; I wasn't going to do it again. I was so angry with the
little bitch who had betrayed me, but I was even angrier with myself.
Steven returned and closed the door behind him and looked at me with an
expression on his face that both scared and excited me.
" Maybe there is something you can do for me...."
" Anything." I said eagerly grabbing the opportunity. " If you don't tell The
Mistress what you caught me doing I'll do anything you want."
He looked me up and down for a moment. " Do you swallow Lynne?"
" You know I do..." I said confused, it seemed such a silly thing to say. I was
here because I wanted to become a slave. I'd sucked him off and swallowed every
drop of his cum not more than half an hour ago. Then I realised it wasn't his
cum he wanted me to swallow.
I couldn't look at him or answer him. I just nodded that I would do it. But he
made me look at him and he made me tell him what I would do for him.
He had me kneel in front of him and unzip his pants. I put his soft cock in my
mouth and closed my eyes trying to think of something else, trying to pretend I
was somewhere else, doing something else.
" You really are a stupid little slut Lynne." The Mistress's voice startled me;
but seeing the girl in white with her surprised me even more. Steven took his
cock out of my mouth and pushed me onto the floor. I just looked up at them, I
didn't understand what was going on.
" You're here to learn more about what being a slave really means Lynne; and
you're a very slow learner. Pity you're not more like her." The Mistress stroked
the girl in white's hair affectionately.
" She masturbated too." I said with more than a hint of jealousy in my voice. "
She got herself off..."
" But she had permission you insolent little bitch. You're just a cheap little
slut Lynne; and there's a big difference between being a slut and being a
slave."
They left me alone in the dark again. I thought I really had fucked up this
time. I should never have spoken to The Mistress like that. But as confused and
worried and mixed up about what was going on as I was, my cunt still ached to be
touched. I ignored as best I could what my body wanted me to do.
Sitting in the dark alone I had time to think. They were trying to show me more
of what being a slave really means; but they were playing with me again too.
They kept telling me this wasn't a game anymore, but they kept playing games
with me.
The door opened and I could see the outline of a woman standing in the doorway;
with light spilling into the room from behind her.
" You're pathetic Lynne." I knew the voice but I didn't recognise it." You know
you're not to masturbate without permission but you couldn't  keep your hands
off that pretty little pussy of yours could you Lynne ?"
The lights came on and hurt my eyes for a moment as I tried to focus on the
woman. She was wearing a little red Slave Girl outfit. " Cherie ? What are you
doing here...?"
She was standing in the doorway looking down at me curled up on the floor in the
corner. " What the fuck has it got to do with you Lynne !"
" I don't know I..."
" It has NOTHING to do with you. And do you really think doing that for Steven
would have stopped him from telling the Mistress what he'd caught you doing ? 
Are you really that stupid ? Our sole purpose in life is to be used Lynne. To
amuse, to entertain and to satisfy others; that's all slaves like us are good
for. People don't need a reason to use us."
" I know, I'm trying to learn..."
" The only thing you have to learn is obedience Lynne. If you really do want to
be a slave, if that really is what you know you want to be, then you better
hurry up and learn."
" Yes, she better." The Mistress said as she walked into the room.
"  I'm sorry Mistress. I know how many times I've said that; I know how many
times I've disappointed you."
" I don't want to hear how sorry you are Lynne I want you to show me how sorry
you are."
I had been ready to burst into tears; I really didn't know what to expect next;
but the tone of her voice was calm and relaxed. I thought I knew what she meant
but I wasn't sure, I couldn't be sure of anything anymore.
" I'll do anything to show you how sorry I am Mistress, just tell me what you
want me to do."
" You're the one who disobeyed me Lynne, you're the one who has disappointed me
again. It's up to you to show me how sorry you are."
" I will Mistress, I'll show you....."
" I hope for your sake that you do Lynne." Her last few words were ominous in
there meaning but casual in the way she said them.
" Have you ensured that Rebecca and Kelly are properly displayed?" The Mistress
asked Cherie.
" Yes Mistress."
" Good. Tidy her up and bring her into the display room."
" What do I do Cherie ?" I asked after the Mistress had left. " I don't know
what to think or do next. I ..."
" You think too much Lynne, that's you're biggest problem. Stop trying to figure
everything out. Just accept what you are. The only thing you have to think about
is how to please your Mistress. Not why does she want me to do this, or why did
she do that? Being a slave means giving up your right to think for yourself."
" I know I know.....But what do I do to show her I'm sorry ?"
" Jesus Christ Lynne what do you think?"  I just looked at her, I didn't have
any idea.  " I just told you the only thing you have to think about is how to
please your Mistress. What do you think you could do that would please her Lynne
?"
" I don't know....something disgusting; something humiliating......"
Cherie just looked at me, there really was no need to say anything. The answer
was obvious all along. There was nothing in particular for me to do, no one act
would show her. What I had to do was what I should have been doing all along; I
had to do whatever I was told to do. Being obedient was the only way to show her
how sorry I was and that I had learnt from my mistakes. Whatever I was told to
do from now on I would do without hesitation.
Cherie straightened my skirt and top and fluffed my hair and stood back and
looked at me. " Being a slave means more than just letting people treat you like
one. You've got to act like a slave and think like a slave; but more than
anything you have to need to be a slave; not just want to, but need to."
" Thanks Cherie." I said kissing her softly on the cheek. I understood things
better now, or at least I thought I did. This was what I wanted, what I needed,
I had no doubt about that.
The anger and frustration drained from Cherie's face. " You've got  to stop
trusting other slaves and other people too Lynne. The only person you can really
trust is your Mistress."
" I trust you Cherie."
" Well you shouldn't, I don't trust you." Her voice was harsh but her face was
soft. " And you've got to stop developing feelings for other slaves Lynne.
Slaves don't have feelings Lynne we can't afford to, we just have bodies. "
Cherie took my leash and led me toward the door then she stopped suddenly and
turned and looked at me. " Kelly trusted you Lynne, and you betrayed her. You
let her take your whipping for you; so don't get all high and mighty about
another slave betraying you; you're no better than the rest of us Lynne."
Neither her voice nor her face were soft this time. What she said stung me and I
wanted to say something, to hit back; but Cherie was right I had betrayed Kelly;
but nothing like the way the girl in white had betrayed me.
Cherie led me  down a corridor and into a large room that looked like an
upmarket boutique on 5th Avenue or Orchard Road. It was lavishly decorated with
platformed stands down the sides and middle of the room. But instead of
mannequins modelling designer labels, the stands displayed women for sale.
Masters and Mistress's strolled around the room looking at the array of slaves
on offer.
" What are you two doing in here." A Security guard said abruptly as we entered
the room. " My Mistress instructed me to deliver this woman to her here Sir."
Cherie answered nervously.
" Another new one." The Security Guard said looking  me up and down.
" They're mine George." The Mistress said as she approached us." Some friends of
mine want to see you in my private room Cherie; and when they've finished with
you go and wait beside the car. Kenneth may want something to do while he's
waiting too."
" Yes Mistress." Cherie said politely.
The Mistress took my leash and led me into the room where the slaves for sale
were displayed. " The slaves are put on show  here first, so as any potential
buyer can have a closer look at them before the Auction.  One day it could be
you up there on display Lynne."
I hadn't given any thought to being owned by some one else. I only wanted to
belong to The Blonde Woman; but it doesn't work like that.  A slave doesn't get
to choose who owns her. I could give myself to the Blonde Woman, and she could
sell me to somebody else whenever she wanted. Strangely the thought didn't
particularly worry me. I think I've reached a point where being a slave and
living that life style is more important to me than who ends up owning me; but I
hope the Blonde Woman keeps me for a while at least; if she takes me as her
slave at all that is.
We strolled down the aisles looking at the women. They really were just like
Mannequins in an exclusive fashion shop. The stands they stood on were covered
with silk and stood about a foot off the marble floor. The women were lit up
with those little spot lights they use in fashion shops; and the women never
moved unless they were told to.
They were dressed in all sorts of revealing and erotic ways. Some wore
traditional Harem Girl type costumes; others were dressed in modern looking
leather and chains; some were naked except for body jewellery.  They all had
price tags around their necks, and labels on their wrists which gave details
about them.
The Mistress stopped in front of one of the stands. The woman on display was
dressed in Leopard Skin Bra and Panties. The tag on her wrist said:
Name: Therese.
Age: 28.
Height:  160cm  (5'3")
Weight: 51kg      (8 st)
Experience: 2 years.
Previous Owners: 8

The price tag around her neck read: $150,000.
" That's her Reserve price. Do you know what that means Lynne?"
" I'm not completely stupid." I said to myself. " I think so Mistress." I said
to her.
" It's the minimum price her owners will accept, if the bidding doesn't reach
the Reserve, then she's taken away in disgrace. In her case, the reserve price
is also the minimum price set by The Society. Her owners don't expect much
interest in her. Why is that Lynne ?"
" I don't know Mistress." I quickly looked at Therese again. She was slim,
reasonably attractive with short dark brown hair. Her breasts were only average
in size but I liked the look of them. I thought she looked nice.
" Don't just look at her body Lynne, that's very important, but there's more to
a good slave than nice tits and a pretty pussy. Look into her eyes, look at her
demeanour. She's boring Lynne. That's why she's had so many owners in such a
short time."
The woman never flinched while we stood there discussing her, she never
hesitated when The Mistress told her to pull her panties down or to lift up her
bra.
" I don't like your nipples but you have got a nice cunt."
" Thank you Mistress." Therese's voice was calm and polite as she stood there
with her panties down around her knees and her bra up over her tits.
" But people get bored with you very quickly, don't they Therese."
" Yes Mistress. Some of my owners have told me I'm a boring slave."
" Have you been marked in any way ?"
" Yes Mistress. One of my Masters had the word slave tattooed on my arse and on
my shoulder." Therese turned around slowly. The tattoo's were on the top of her
right cheek and just above her right shoulder blade.
" Why did your Master mark you like this Therese ?" The Mistress asked as she
ran her hand over Therese's arse.
" Because he wanted to Mistress."
Therese didn't pull up her panties or put her bra back on until we had moved
onto the next slave on display. She was a very attractive brunette wearing a
Harem Girl style outfit. Two men in suits were looking at her and touching her.
The Mistress gave her a disinterested glance and moved onto the next one. She
was a young woman, with long blonde hair, tanned skin and deep blue eyes. Her
price tag said $750,000.
She looked a bit like Cherie, but perhaps even more beautiful. She was naked
except for a small gold chain around her waste; she looked magnificent.
Everything about her was perfect. Her skin; her tits; her teeth; her arse; her
pussy. She was faultless. The Mistress looked at her and talked to her for a
while and moved on.
The Mistress stopped to have a closer look at some of the women, and simply
walked past others totally disinterested. It was an amazing feeling being with
her while she browsed what was for sale, what women were for sale.
Kelly and Rebecca were on display at the end of the room. They both wore their
little red Slave Girl skirts with the jagged hem, and the sheer silk scarves
around their breasts. Kelly was holding the front of her skirt up for a youngish
couple to admire what she had between her legs.  Rebecca had no one looking at
her.
" Has anyone shown any interest in you Rebecca ?" The Mistress asked in a
sarcastic tone.
" A few people Mistress." Rebecca answered politely, but I could sense the
embarrassment she was trying to mask.
" But not as many as have shown an interest in Kelly."
" No Mistress." Rebecca answered softly. I looked at the price tag around her
neck. $250,000. I wasn't sure whether that was good or not.
Kelly turned around, bent over and lifted up the back of her skirt. The couple
inspecting her ran their hands over Kelly's arse.
" You'd love to stick you're cock up her sweet little arse hole wouldn't you"
The woman said to the man with her. " Almost as much as you'd love to have that
nice pink tongue of hers up your sweet little arse hole." The man replied and
they smiled at each other.
The Mistress led me around the room to look at the rest of the women for sale,
there were about 20 in all. A few caught the Mistress's eye and she would talk
to them and inspect their bodies. We were headed back towards the entrance when
the Mistress walked towards one of the women on display. There was a small cue
waiting to look at her: it was the girl in white; but she looked very different
now. I couldn't figure out why I hadn't noticed her on the way in.
" Hello Ailene." The Mistress said with a warm smile on her face and in her
voice when the people in front eventually moved on.
" Hello Mistress." The girl said smiling back. Her name tag said Ailene, an
unusual name, but The Mistress knew how to pronounce it; "A-Leen." She obviously
knew Ailene very well; and I was sure the other Mistress's and Masters would
love to get to know Ailene well too.
She was dressed in a school uniform. A short green and white chequered skirt
that barely covered her crotch; a white shirt with very few of the buttons done
up and no bra. A green school tie hung loosely around her neck. The school girl
look was completed with her white socks and brown shoes.
" You've been looking forward to this haven't you Ailene." The Mistress said as
she ran a finger over the outline of Ailene's stiff nipple.
" Yes Mistress I have, very much."
" When did you turn 18 ?"
" Three months ago Mistress, my sister has provided copies of my birth
certificate and other documentation if you require it Mistress."
" That won't be necessary Ailene, I think I know both you and your sister well
enough by now." They exchanged knowing smiles. " You've met Ailene, haven't you
Lynne."
" Yes Mistress." I said softly, still distracted by the beautiful young woman
standing in front of me. I didn't like her, but I couldn't resist her.
The tag on her wrist read:
Name: Ailene.
Age: 18.
Height:  157cm  (5'2")
Weight: 48kg      (7st 2lb)
Experience: 4 years.
Previous Owners: 1.

It didn't make much sense at the time. The Society was obviously very careful
about ensuring that the women they used and sold were of legal age; then how
could she have been a slave for 4 years already ?
" What do you think of her Lynne ?" I still hated the little bitch for betraying
me the way she did but I had to admit she looked absolutely gorgeous.
" She's incredible Mistress." I answered honestly; and Ailene was just that,
incredible.  Smooth young skin with a dark olive complexion; big brown eyes;
shoulder length dark almost black hair; a slim figure with smallish breasts and
a face that looked both innocent and sensuous at the same time.
The price tag around her neck showing her reserve price said:
$1,000,000. I was sure there would be no shortage of offers for her; but whoever
dressed her up like a school girl had ensured she'd fetch an even higher price.
A small group of well dressed men and women were waiting patiently behind us to
see her, although a few looked at me disdainfully.
" Enjoy your new life Ailene." The Mistress said warmly.
" Thank you Mistress, I know I will."
The Mistress led me out of the room and down the corridor which met another in a
"T" intersection and we turned right. The corridors were wide with the same
Marble floors as the foyer and the auditorium. The walls were decorated with
large framed black and white photo's of women in erotic poses. Some were bound
with ropes or chains others were being whipped or punished in other ways. There
were some photo's that featured a woman who looked somehow familiar.
It was a bizarre almost surreal scene just walking down the corridors.  This was
their world. Masters and Mistress's with scantily dressed slaves on leashes;
women on the floor on their hands and knees at their owners feet as their owners
talked casually with other Masters and Mistress's.  One woman was being used as
a foot rest for two men who were smoking cigarettes and talking; another woman
was bent over being whipped on her bare arse with a cane walking stick by her
angry Master; another woman was on her knees begging her Mistress for
forgiveness for something she'd done wrong. It was all so unreal and yet all so
real.  It was their world and I wanted to be a part of it.
The Mistress took me into a room with a large grey "L" shaped lounge, a coffee
table and a small bar. It felt like my heart had stopped when I saw Michelle
walk out of what looked like an ensuit or bathroom.  She had a glow in her eyes
and a smile on her face. " That was great Cherie." She said as Cherie followed
her out of the ensuit.
" It was my pleasure Miss." Cherie replied. Michelle saw me but didn't
acknowledge me. Michelle's  husband David worked with my husband. It was in
their garage about three weeks ago that all this started.
" Where's David ?" The Mistress asked as she joined Michelle on the lounge. " He
had to have a look at one of the slaves, she's developed a weight problem and
her owners want something done about it."
The Mistress had stood me in a corner and just left me there. No one paid me any
attention as The Mistress and Michelle talked. After Cherie fixed them some
cocktails at the bar the Mistress sent her off to wait beside the car and see if
there was anything Kenneth wanted. David never looked at me when he came into
the room, but I know he saw me.
A few more things became a bit clearer as I  stood there and listened to them
talking. David is a Fitness Trainer with a degree in PE; obviously a lot of his
work is with The Society's slaves. Michelle is an accountant, it became clear
that The Society was her major client, probably her only client.
" So when will you put Ailene on ?" The Mistress asked.
" There were differing opinions." Michelle replied. " Obviously she's going to
attract a lot of attention. Some felt that putting her on first might lead to a
sense of anti-climax and diminish the interest and the value of the bids in the
rest of them. Others felt that people would hold out until Ailene was put on,
which would also lessen the interest in the others; and putting her on in the
middle somewhere would be an even worse option as you'd probably get a bit of
both reactions. It's always difficult when you get someone as special as Ailene.
Fortunately  a representative from one of our friends in Hong Kong is here to
bid on her. We'll put her on first; our friends representative will open with
some huge bid; everyone will grudgingly accept they can't outbid on her and
Ailene will be on the next flight to Hong Kong."
" Well I can tell you now a lot of the members are going to be pretty pissed off
that someone as special as Ailene is going to be lost to some billionaire in
Hong Kong." David said sounding more than a bit pissed off himself.
" Well the members don't complain when they go overseas and bring back all those
cheap Asian women David." The Mistress said casually.
" Exactly." Michelle said smiling at the Mistress.
" Yeah, fair call." David agreed reluctantly. " But an 18 year old......
Bloody "Free Trade" agreements." He added laughing.
" It doesn't matter if it's beef or wool or women." Michelle chimed in and they
all laughed.  " We're living in a global economy; Free Trade, that includes Free
Slave Trade."
" Except with the American's." David said still laughing quietly." But Clinton
can't put a Tariff on the Slave Trade; I bet he's got a few slaves of his own
anyway; he probably calls them all Monica. "
It was strange the way they laughed and talked so casually about something that
was so abnormal and to most people probably abhorrent and immoral. And it was
even stranger coming from people so seemingly ordinary as David and Michelle.
I'd known them for years and had no idea they were like this. Then again I was
only just getting to know my husband after nearly 4 years of marriage.
" I understand you know Ailene." Michelle said.
" Yes. The Mistress replied. " She lived on a property near Bowral with her
parents and elder sister Leanne. She's the ultimate submissive, has been since
she was a child. Leanne was six years older than her and they played games and
did things together. Their parents were killed in a plane crash when Ailene was
13 and the two sisters lived alone on the property up until recently. She's been
her  sister's slave in every sense of the word since she was 14.
Leanne was a clever young woman. She made sure Ailene was exposed to all the
'normal' things in life. School, friends, TV, books. She made sure Ailene had
the opportunity to develop normally if that's what she wanted, but Ailene didn't
want to be 'normal'. No one touched Ailene other than Leanne until she was 16.
She dated a few boys but had no interest in a 'normal' life. So Leanne was her
sisters Mistress up until now. She found out about The Society and moved to
Sydney just before Ailene turned 18. After that I and a few others helped Ailene
refine her skills as a slave and helped her to decide whether she really wanted
to give herself to others as a slave. But as I said, she's the most naturally
submissive woman I've ever met. All she wanted was to turn 18 so she could be
brought here and sold as a slave. It's been her dream for as long as she can
remember."
Michelle and David were intrigued by Ailene's story. They kept looking at each
other in ways I hadn't seen them look at each other before.
Michelle isn't particularly attractive, she's got a good figure, slim with long
legs and nice tits, but she's a bit plain looking in the face. She's got really
short blonde hair but doesn't have any sexual aura about her.  She's the last
person you'd expect to find here. David's very much the same, good body,
ordinary face. I flirted with him a few times when we first met but he was a guy
who never seemed interested. He always gave the impression that he was the sort
of guy who'd rather go to the gym than have sex; funny how you can be so wrong
about people.
" What's your thoughts on Lynne ?" The Mistress asked as she motioned for me to
stand in front of David and Michelle. " Take your clothes off and let them have
a good look at you Lynne."
I could feel myself going red with embarrassment as I walked over and stood in
front of them, but the embarrassment faded as I watched them watching me
undress. My nipples were stiff and my pussy soaked again before I even  undid
the knot that tied the little skirt around my waist.
" A few hours in the Gym wouldn't hurt her." David said looking me up and down.
" I've always liked her tits." Michelle said as she leaned forward and gently 
flicked my nipple with her finger. " But I didn't know she had such nice
nipples; such nice big nipples." Michelle had a look in her eyes that made her
seem very different to the Michelle I'd known for so long. She snaked her finger
down my stomach and stopped just above my bald pussy.
" Does she always get this wet this easily ?" Michelle asked as she lightly ran
her fingers over my swollen lips.
" She's always wet." The Mistress replied with a smile. " But she was caught
masturbating earlier and she's a bit frustrated at the moment.  Aren't you Lynne
?"
" Yes Mistress." I panted.
" Look at her clit poking out David." Michelle said as she gently ran her long
fingernail over it. I moaned softly and opened my legs so she could get at me
better.
" She'll cum all over you if you keep doing that Michelle." The Mistress said
mockingly.
" Do you want to cum on my finger Lynne ?" Michelle asked in a soft voice, our
eyes locked together as she stroked my clit with her finger nail.
" Yes Miss. Oh God Yes. I'd love to cum on your finger..." Michelle stroked me a
few more times and then slowly pulled her hand away and put her finger in her
mouth.
" Mmmmm very nice. I knew you'd taste nice Lynne." I could have cum just
watching her suck my juices off her finger.
" How close were you to cumming when Steven caught you masturbating Lynne ? "
" Very close Mistress."
" I'd like to see her cum." Michelle said still looking into my eyes. " I'd like
to see what she looks like when she cums; I'd like to hear what sort of noises
she makes."
" That won't be a problem Michelle, hurry up Lynne."
I thought I knew what The Mistress meant. I thought she wanted me to masturbate
for them; to cum for them; but I wasn't sure.
" I'm sorry Mistress. I don't understa..."
" Hurry up and get yourself off for Michelle."
" Yes Mistress."
I quickly licked my fingers and buried them between my legs. Michelle and David
took sips from their drinks as they watched me masturbate.
" Hurry up Lynne." The Mistress said impatiently.
" Yes Mistress." I didn't worry about putting a finger inside myself or up my
arse; I just spread my lips with one hand and rubbed my clit with the other and
I was there.
" I'm going to cum Mistress..... I'm going to cum !" I panted ." Can I cum now
please....?"
She didn't answer at first and I asked her again if I could cum. She smiled at
me and said" No." I  let out a long whining whimpering sound and forced myself
to stop rubbing myself. But I couldn't take my hand off my cunt though, I
couldn't. I held onto myself, yet again trying to hold back an orgasm that had
all but started to consume me.
The room was silent except for my pitiful whining and panting. The Mistress and
the others were laughing at me. I could only imagine how pathetic I looked.
" I was only joking Lynne." The Mistress said in a mocking tone. I was in a daze
, I wasn't sure whether she'd actually said it or whether I'd only imagined it.
But my  body reacted where my mind hesitated and my hands began moving quickly
between my legs again.
" But you can't use your hands Lynne, you can't touch yourself in any way.
You'll have to think of some other way......"
I looked around the room desperately trying to think of something, to think of
some way to get myself off without touching myself. The floor was covered with a
plush gold carpet. I quickly got down on the carpet and rolled onto my stomach
and pushed myself down hard against the floor. The thick rough pile of the
carpet grabbed at my sticky wet cunt the way I hoped it would. I rubbed myself
and thrust myself against the floor with increasing urgency grinding my cunt and
my clit faster and harder against the floor. The thick woollen fingers of the
carpet were soon soaked in my juices and stuck to my cunt as I rocked backward
and foreword and from side to side.
The sensation of the rough carpet rubbing against my cunt and clit was enough to
make me cum, but it was the look on Michelle's face that pushed me over the
edge.
" Now Mistress ? Can I cum now..."
" Yes Lynne, you can cum now."
I came like that on the floor. At the peak of my orgasm I looked up and saw
Michelle watching me, watching me humping the floor like a dog on heat and it
made my orgasm even more intense. I grunted and screamed from the pleasure of my
orgasm and the humiliation of doing it in front of Michelle and David. I was
still panting and humping the floor when they got up off the lounge. It was an
orgasm over which I had absolutely no control.
" Alright, that's enough Lynne." I heard the Mistress say. I looked up and the
three of them were standing near the door looking down at me, but I couldn't
stop humping the floor.
" Christ she goes off." David looked at me as he said it.
" I said that's enough you little slut !" The Mistress said angrily and I forced
myself to roll onto my back, the last little ripples of my orgasm still running
through my body.
" Look what you've done Lynne." I heard Michelle say. I was still in a blissful
daze but I looked back up at her, she was staring at the floor;
I'd left a big wet patch on the carpet. They laughed at me, they laughed at the
stain I'd left on the carpet; and I loved the sound of them laughing at me.
The Mistress shut the door behind them and told me to get dressed and tidy
myself up in the bathroom while she made a call from a phone on the bar. When I
came out of the bathroom there was a young Asian woman in a maid's uniform on
her hands and knees cleaning the wet patch on the carpet. She sprayed some foam
on it and rubbed it with a cloth. We left the room with the woman still
scrubbing the stain out of the carpet that I'd left there.
" Feel better now you've got that out of your system ?" The Mistress said
sarcastically as she led me down the corridor by my leash.
" Yes thank you Mistress." I answered quietly.
" Good. I want you to take your mind off your dirty little cunt for ten minutes.
I want you to take in what happens here tonight. But you're still trying to
figure everything out aren't you Lynne. Where is this place; who are all the
people; where do they come from; where does all the money come from; how does
all this work ? But you don't need to know any of that. Do you understand ?"
" Yes Mistress." I understood but I couldn't help but wonder about all the
things she'd mentioned and so many other things as well; but I had to learn that
it wasn't my place to wonder about such things. They wanted to own my body and
my mind, a slave has no mind of her own. I knew that and I understood it; but
giving up your freedom, giving up the right  to think for yourself is probably
the ultimate test; I knew I could do it, it was just a matter of time.
The auditorium was even more impressive than it appeared from the outside
looking in. The stage was lit with an intense bright white light and the pianos
were gone. A man in an expensive three piece  suit was standing at a podium
welcoming everybody to the auction. The Masters and Mistress's were gathered in
a semi circle around the front of the stage waiting for the auction to begin;
some had slaves on leashes on the floor at their feet; some using them as
footrests.
A murmur of excitement ran around the room as the man on the stage said: " Lot 1
this evening is an 18 year old white woman named Ailene." Every eye in the room
turned towards a walkway where an Asian woman in a leather skirt and top and
high leather boots was leading Ailene towards the stage by her leash. Ailene
looked amazing in her school girl uniform. Once on stage the Asian woman
unclipped Ailene's leash and positioned her at the front of the stage. The
auctioneer went through Ailene's history as a slave and said: " The bidding will
start at one million dollars; do I have an opening bid?"
" Five million dollars." A mans voice from the other side of the room said, and
the room was abuzz with whispers and voices.
" Thank you . I have Five million dollars, do I have any other bids."   But the
room stayed silent, just as Michelle had predicted. The sale was completed
quickly and Ailene taken down to her new owner. Her face was radiant; this
really is what she wanted, what she'd wanted for so long in her short life so
far.
There was nothing particularly exceptional about the next few women auctioned;
they reminded me a lot of me; and were all sold for around a half a million
dollars.
" Lot 6 tonight is a white woman named Therese." The auctioneer said as Therese
was led down the walkway toward the stage. The response from the Masters and
Mistress's was disinterested at best. She stood at the front of the stage in her
Leopard skin bra and panties while the auctioneer ran through her details.
Another wave of whispered voices ran around the room when he said she had been a
slave for 2 years and had had 8 previous owners.
" The bidding for Therese starts at One Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars. Do I
have One Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars. ?"
The room remained silent. " Ladies and Gentlemen I'm sure  you'll agree that
Therese is quite an attractive woman. She's still quite young, she's very
experienced and extremely obedient. " As if on cue Therese stepped out of her
panties and took off her bra and turned to show the tattoos on her arse and
back. The tattoos created the first sign of interest from the people there to
buy. " Extremely obedient." The auctioneer said, drawing out his words to
emphasise his point.
" A slave must agree to be marked in any permanent way be it a brand or a
tattoo." The Mistress said to me in a soft voice. "The tattoos  are about the
only thing she's got going for her after having so many owners in such a short
time." She added in a tone of ridicule.
" Look at the woman standing before you Ladies and Gentlemen." The auctioneer
continued in a low and deliberate voice. " Look at her body; but look also at
the markings she bears on her body; the markings of a truly submissive woman; a
woman who will give herself to you completely; a woman who would devote herself
to you; worship you. You have the opportunity to purchase her now."
I couldn't believe that there were still no bids for her. I could see some of
the Master's and Mistress's considering making a bid for her but none did.
Therese stood on the stage naked about to experience what must be the ultimate
humiliation for a woman who chose to be a slave.
" Last opportunity Ladies and Gentleman, do I have any bids ?"
The Mistress  quietly raised her hand and gestured to the auctioneer.
" I have a bid of One Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars."
I looked at the Mistress, I didn't understand. There were no other bids and
Therese was led down to The Mistress and given Therese's leash.  She knelt on
the floor at her feet. " Thank you for buying me Mistress. I'll do anything I
can to please you."
" There's nothing you could do to please me little slut. You were cheap so I
brought you as a present for my other slaves. You'll be their slave, their
little plaything. You'll be a slave for the slaves;  you can't get any lower
than that and I doubt if you're even good enough for that. Here take her Lynne.
I don't want her anywhere near me. "
The Mistress passed me Therese's leash and she curled up on the floor at my
feet. The Mistress could be cruel at times but I had no idea she could be as
cold and cruel as she was to Therese; but I did like having hold of a woman's
leash with her curled up naked at my feet.
The auction continued and women were sold for as much as  Seven Hundred and
Fifty Thousand dollars. Then the auctioneer said:
" Lot 14 tonight is named Kelly. She's 22 years old, has been a slave for 2
years and has had only the one owner." Bidding will start at half a million
dollars. "
An elegantly attractive woman to our right raised her finger and the auctioneer
acknowledged her bid. Another woman raised the bid to Six Hundred Thousand
Dollars, another woman bid Seven Hundred Thousand.
Kelly looked incredibly sexy as she stood at the front of the stage in her
little red Slave Girl outfit. It didn't surprise me that it was women who were
having a bidding war for her. Kelly's a  very attractive young woman but there's
something about her that appeals more to women than to men. I'm not really sure
how to put it into words. Crudely put I suppose she just looks like a "Dyke". A
woman who really enjoys other women, but there's more to it than that.
The bidding reached Eight Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars when Kelly removed
her top to display her beautiful soft breasts, and a Million Dollars when she
removed her skirt and everyone could see the moist flesh of her shaved pussy.
" One Point One Million." I saw the look on Kelly's face when she heard the
man's voice; she didn't want a man to own her; she wanted to belong to a woman.
" One Point One Million Dollars the auctioneer said. " Do I have One Point Two
?" The room stayed silent. " One Point One Million Dollars once:
One Point One Million Dollars twice: Sold for One Point One Million Dollars"
Kelly was led down onto the floor to the man who had just bought her.
" Lot 15 tonight is a white woman named Rebecca. She's 27 has been a slave for 5
years and has had three owners. Bidding will start at Two Hundred and Fifty
Thousand Dollars." Rebecca had been led onto the stage and stood there as the
bidding for her went on around her.  The initial bid of Two Hundred and Fifty
Thousand Dollars had been made quickly and the bidding had risen to Four Hundred
and Fifty Thousand Dollars when the auctioneer walked up to her and pulled at
the  knot holding her little Red Slave Girl skirt around her waist and it fell
to the floor, then he pulled at the knot on the Scarf supporting her large
breasts and it too fell to the floor. The sight of Rebecca standing there with
gold rings in her nipples and clitoris brought on a new wave of bidding and she
was eventually sold to a hard faced, middle aged woman for Seven Hundred and
Ninety Thousand Dollars.
Twenty one women in all were sold that night. A young woman with shiny blonde
hair that fell all the way to the top of her cute little arse had fetched One
Point Eight Million. One woman towards the end of the auction had been led away
in tears when no one bid on her. Her name was Jenny and she was quite attractive
with shoulder length dark hair, a slim body, nice tits and arse but she was 42.
Even from where we were standing you could tell that she was wearing a lot of
make up. The auctioneer had tried hard to stir some interest in her from those
there to buy but the murmur that went around the room when he had said her age
was ominous even to me.
As I watched her being led away it made me wonder what would happen to her. What
happens to women like her when they're judged as too old, regardless of how good
they still looked. I was 32 already and I doubted I would look that good at 42.
What would happen to me then ?
After the auction we went back to The Mistress's private room. She made Therese
wait on the floor outside the door, still naked. When inside she instructed me
to make her a cup of coffee then sat on the lounge and instructed me to lie on
the floor in front of her; then to remove her shoes and massage her feet for
her.
" Do you still want to do this Lynne ?" She said softly.
" Yes Mistress. More than ever." I kissed her feet to try and show her that I
meant what I said.
" Very well. I'm not sure I want you as a slave yet; I'm not sure you have what
interests me Lynne, but we shall see. Tomorrow's Friday. you will be taken back
to your husbands house and you will stay with him until Sunday. You will be of
no use to anyone for a few days during next week so you'll be sent away for a
while. When you come back I'll decide whether I want you or not." She paused for
a moment and took a sip on her coffee.
" You don't understand why I bought Therese do you ? "
" No Mistress." I answered softly as I gently massaged her feet. " You said she
was boring; you said she had so many owners because she was a boring slave."
" You saw the markings  on her body. She's a woman who will do anything for her
owner; being a slave is instinctive for her; that's the sort of woman that
interests me. She's not a boring slave; she's a slave who has had boring owners.
People who haven't made full use of her."  I didn't really understand but I
didn't say any more.
" What will happen to that woman that no one bid on Mistress ?"
" Eventually every woman reaches a point where they're simply too old to be of
any interest. If you commit yourself to this life, it will happen to you one day
Lynne. Personally I think Jenny has a few more years of service left in her yet,
but 40 is generally regarded as a slaves use by date." She hadn't answered my
question but the conversation ended there. Kenneth came into the room and took
me out to the van.
There were so many thoughts spinning around in my head. At times it was hard to
believe that all this was really happening. Slaves, Mistress's, auctions,
dungeons, The Society. The whole thing was just too unbelievable. People just
don't do this; people don't really act like this and live like this; but I was;
so were all those people at the Auction; and all the others I'd met in the past
three weeks.
I remembered what Cherie had said: " Stop trying to figure everything out." She
was right. It didn't make any sense and made less sense the more I thought about
it. There are no answers.
Kenneth dropped me off at my house, what used to be my house. They'd left one of
my old dresses and my handbag in the van and I'd changed on the trip home; but
it didn't feel like home anymore as I unlocked the door and walked inside. It
was the home I'd shared with my husband for 4 years; but it wasn't my home
anymore. My home  now was a cage in the Mistress's house in a room where the
women who want to be slaves are kept.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 22.  ONE LAST NIGHT ALONE.
Kenneth dropped me off at my house, what used to be my house. They'd left one of
my old dresses and my handbag in the van and I'd changed on the trip home; but
it didn't feel like home anymore as I unlocked the door and walked inside. It
was the home I'd shared with my husband for 4 years; but it wasn't my home
anymore. My home now is the Mistress's house; my bed is in a cage in a room
where the slaves are kept.
Lynne put the pen down and looked out the Laundry window. It was raining and
getting dark outside. She'd spent most of the day writing in her diary.  She
lost track of time  whenever she relived what had happened to her through what
she wrote in her diary. But she liked doing it. It helped her to understand a
little better what was happening to her.  She knew she'd never fully understand,
but reliving everything in her diary helped her to accept it; accept what she
had become. She thought that was why they had her write in the diary from the
start.
Lynne curled up on the laundry floor where she had been told to wait and drifted
off to sleep, the thoughts of what had happened to her over the past three weeks
and what the future held for her filled her thoughts and her dreams.
She awoke suddenly with her husband and someone else standing over her. " Wake
up slut." Her husband said as he nudged her with his foot.
" You're back......." She said startled but still not fully awake. The other man
with her husband was John, an old friend of her husband's and their Lawyer. They
wanted to see her like this. They'd talked about seeing Lynne like this for
years. John had bet Lynne's husband that it would never happen; Lynne had too
much class; she just wasn't the submissive type; even if she was she'd never get
into all this. John had always liked Lynne, he liked her even more now.
" My shoes are dirty, do you have something I can wipe them on?" John asked
smiling down at Lynne.
" You're looking at her." Lynne's husband replied. The two men wiped their wet
shoes on her and went into the house. Lynne looked in the mirror at the grass
and mud streaks that ran down the cheeks of her arse and her thighs. Now she was
just a door mat; something to wipe your dirty shoes on. Lynne's husband had won
the bet.
A short while later Lynne's husband returned and told her to go and clean
herself up, they had things to do. Lynne spent a long time in the shower
scrubbing herself clean of any remnants of what Ross and his mates from the pub
had deposited on and in her body.
She'd cleaned her teeth several times and was gargling with a peppermint mouth
wash when her husband walked in. There was a long silence as he stared at Lynne.
The woman who had been his wife for 4 years, but would soon no longer be his
wife.
He gave her some instructions and left, his face had been expressionless the
whole time and Lynne wasn't sure what was in store for her.
She dressed as she was instructed to, all the while hoping more than expecting
that she would get to spend one last night with the man she fell in love with
and married.
Lynne stared at herself in the mirror and saw what looked like the other Lynne
staring back. Her hair, still wet, was tied in a Pony Tail with a red Scrunchy.
She wore a pretty knee length floral dress that gave no opportunity for anyone
to catch a glimpse of her cotton panties with the yellow Daisies on them. The
very modest neckline gave no hint of cleavage or of the plain white bra that
supported her breasts.
" Plain." That's how Lynne thought she looked. Just another very plain, very
ordinary little suburban housewife. Lynne didn't like the way she looked; she
wanted to look like the slut she knew she was. She wanted to look like the sort
of woman who anybody could have; who anybody could use; she wanted to look like
the little Slave Girl she so desperately wanted to be.
She walked out into the dining room where John was sitting at the table alone.
He stood up as she entered the room, and kissed her on the cheek as he always
did. He greeted her warmly and spoke to her as if he hadn't seen her curled up
naked on the floor in the laundry earlier; as if he hadn't used her as a doormat
to wipe his dirty shoes on.
They sat together and chatted for a while, as they had done in the past.  The
conversation was trivial, the sort of small talk that so many people waste so
much time engaged in.
" You've been a busy girl Lynne." John said with a mischievous smile on his
face. Lynne couldn't help but smile back.
" That's one way of putting it."
" Now." John said in a suddenly serious tone. " It's incumbent on me as your
Lawyer, and your friend, to make it clear to you what the consequences will be
if you follow through with this particular course of action."
John was meticulous in explaining the documents she would have to sign and the
consequences signing them would have on her life. The Divorce would leave her
with nothing. She'd be signing away her share of everything to her husband.
She'd have to walk out of her Ex-husband's house naked if he chose not to lend
her something to wear.
The cold reality of the word "divorce" stung her at first, but she'd known it
was coming. She loved her husband; but she needed to do this; and she had a
feeling her husband would remain a big part of her life; she didn't know why or
how; she just knew somehow he would.
Lynne signed the divorce papers, which her husband had already signed and then
John went through a number of other documents. Waivers, and disclaimers should
anything "happen" to her in her new life. John then went through yet more
Documents which set up a "Trust Fund" for her in her Maiden name. Half of any
income she generated while an employee of The Society would be deposited into
her account.
" Income I generate...." Lynne said to herself. " You mean the money I make
working as a whore or making porno movies or being sold at Auction or whatever
else it is they make me do......"  She signed all the documents without a
moments hesitation.
" Now." John said still in Solicitor mode, still very serious about making sure
Lynne understood what she was doing. " Before I have these documents ratified,
you have to be sure, I mean 100% sure that you want to do this. Think about it
Lynne, think about what it is you're agreeing to. This isn't a game Lynne."
She wanted this, more than she'd ever wanted anything in her life. She needed
it; it was more than an obsession.  Nothing else mattered anymore.
" John. I don't know why I feel the way I do, I've given up trying to analyse
all this; but it is what I want, no doubts, no regrets. I've never been so sure
about anything in my life. The past three weeks have been the most incredible
time of my life. I've experienced things I'd never imagined and I want to
experience more of it. It's like.......I've found where I belong.  I've found a
life that makes me truly happy; how many people can say that John?"
" You've only had a taste of that lifestyle Lynne." John replied rather curtly.
" This is committing yourself to that lifestyle completely. You won't have this
house or your husband to come back to; you've got no family of your own; and
your husbands family and everyone you think is your friend now will wash their
hands of you. You won't have any safety net Lynne."
" And that just makes it more real John, more exciting. It just makes me want to
do this even more."
" What if the woman you want to give yourself to decides not to take you?"
" Then I'll find someone who will."
" And if you can't ?"
" Then I'll work the streets of the Cross as a cheap whore. I'll get myself a
pimp who'll treat me like dirt, treat me like the dirty little slut that I am. 
I can't go back to the way things were John."
The tone of her voice and the expression on her face left John in no doubt about
how strongly Lynne felt about this. Initially John had insisted that one of The
Society's psychologists talk to Lynne; but he knew that wouldn't be necessary
now.
John went over the details of how The Society operated, and the few rights she
would have as a slave. Lynne knew most of what he told her already from talking
to Monica and the other women who had given themselves as slaves.
The only new things she learnt was that she had the right to refuse to be
permanently marked in any way. If her owner wanted to tattoo her or brand her to
mark their ownership of her they would need her consent; apart from that the
only 'right' she had was to be kept alive.
John then explained about the code phrase, Lynne knew nothing of this until now.
If she didn't want to do something her owner wanted her to do; or she couldn't
bear the pain of a whipping or some other torture of some kind then she could
use the "Code Phrase."
But once the code phrase was stated, and confirmed by being repeated, there
would be no turning back, no second chances. She would be classed as a failure.
As soon as she'd confirmed the code phrase by stating it a second time, her life
as one of The Society's slaves would be over.
She'd be given a short time to shower and change into clothes from her previous
life. One outfit from her previous life would be put aside for her in case of
just such an event. She'd be given her trust account details, EFTPOS cards and
credit cards linked to her trust account, and it would be over, she 'd be
literally thrown out on the street.
All the members of The Society would be immediately notified of the failure who
was now roaming the streets looking for some where to go.  No member of The
Society would ever take her as a slave again.
" You'd end up like Lexy."  John said coldly. " Selling yourself on the street
for small change. You'd regret ever getting involved with this for the rest of
your life. If you could call living like Lexy a life."
" My only regret John, is not finding out about myself sooner. I want to do this
John; I have to...........I'd rather live like Lexy than go back to the way
things were before."
" OK Lynne." John said smiling. " I'll approve your registration with the
Society and file these documents at Chambers on Monday. There's a 10 day cooling
off period written into all of the documents you signed.  They're sending you
away for a while for obvious reasons. Here's my card, you can call me anytime if
you change your mind, or have any second thoughts; any doubts at all."
The negotiations and counselling were over. Lynne and John chatted for a while.
"Stand up" John said in a voice that was suddenly very different: a voice that
sent a shiver of excitement running through Lynne's body.  She slowly eased
herself out of the chair and stood in front of him and watched his eyes roaming
over her pretty floral dress.
" Lift your dress up."  Lynne's face began to flush in anticipation. This is how
she wanted to be spoken to; this is how she wanted to be treated.  She stood
there holding her dress up while John stared at the damp patch that was
spreading quickly across the crotch of her cotton panties with the little yellow
daisy's on them.
" Take your panties off." She quickly reached down and stepped out of her
panties and waited to be told what to do next.
" Are they wet Lynne? Did you make a wet patch on the crotch of your panties?"
" Yes." She said, her voice shaking. " My dirty little cunt is always wet, it's
always leaving little wet patches on the crotch of my panties."
" Lick them clean."  Lynne lifted her panties to her mouth and hungrily sucked
and licked her juices from the crotch.
" Do you like licking your panties clean Lynne ?"
" Yes." Lynne panted as her tongue lapped at the crotch of her panties.
" I like licking anybody's panties clean."
" Hold them between your teeth and lift your dress up. I want to see your cunt
Lynne."  Lynne moaned softly when he said it. She'd  never heard John speak like
that before. With her panties dangling from her mouth Lynne slowly lifted her
dress to show John what he wanted to see. She moved her feet apart and lent back
slightly so John could get a good view. The shaved mound of flesh between her
legs glistened with her juices and her clit was swollen and poked out from
between her lips.
" You've got big cunt lips Lynne, your husband always said you had big cunt
lips, and he wasn't exaggerating. Pull them apart so I can see inside you."
Lynne's lips were wet and slippery but she pulled them apart as far as she
could, opening herself up for him. John just sat there looking at her and inside
her for a long time.
" What sort of noises do you make when you cum Lynne?" John's question caught
her by surprise at first but she was soon able to describe the sounds she made
when she came..
" I'm a noisy bitch when I cum. I moan and pant like a bitch on heat before I
cum. But I'm a real screamer when I cum. I squeal and grunt and swear.....Would
you like to hear me cum? I'd love to cum for you..."
" She squeals like a pig when she cums." Lynne's husband said as he entered the
room and looked at his wife standing there holding herself open for their
friend. The two men talked about her for a while; about her cunt lips, her clit;
about the noises she made when she came; about how her husband knew what a slut
she was when he married her. Lynne savoured every word, her lips so slippery now
that she had trouble holding them apart.
She assumed, and hoped, that John would fuck her before he left, it seemed that
everybody else had; but  her husband had something else in mind; something
special.
It took Lynne a while to dress the way they wanted her. She was a little
surprised that her wedding dress still fitted as well as it did. It was a
beautiful white dress, with lots of lace and a short trail. She did the best she
could to do her hair and make up to match the Wedding photo her husband had
given her. Then she put her wedding and engagement rings on for what she knew
would be the last time.
When she was finished she looked at herself in the mirror, and then at the photo
of their wedding day. Memories flooded back of the day she married the man she
loved and planned to spend the rest of her life with.
The images of that day were still in her mind as she walked out into the
loungeroom and looked at the faces staring back at her from around the room.
Three men she knew she'd seen somewhere before were sitting on the couch or
leaning against walls. They were all rough unattractive men; unshaven; wearing
old jeans and blue singlets. One  of them covered in tattoo's of various types;
all of them smelling of sweat and beer and cigarettes.
Her pulse quickened as her husband told her to stand in the middle of the room.
She caught a glimpse of John standing behind the bar looking at her, then looked
nervously at the faces of the other men. She knew she'd seen them before, she
just didn't know where.
Lynne stood there for what seemed to her a very long time. No one said anything
and the silence made Lynne even more uncomfortable. She just had to stand there
in her Wedding Dress while the men looked her up and down.
Her mind was racing almost as quickly as her pulse. Who were they..?  She knew
she'd seen them before but where...? What were they going to do with her.....?
But most of all Lynne's mind was filled with thoughts of how they were going to
defile her in her Wedding dress. The most important symbol of a day that had
been so special; a day that had meant so much to her; a day that still filled
her mind and heart with memories and feelings she thought would stay with her
forever.
" The Beautiful Bride." One of the men said mockingly as he moved towards her. 
" The Beautiful Bride in her Beautiful wedding dress."
She was so happy the day she married the man she loved. So pure of heart; so
innocent looking in her virginal white dress. She felt like a Princess that day;
she felt very different now.
" You don't remember them, do you Lynne?" Her husband said coldly as he sat on
the couch.
" No Master I don't."
" Master !" One of the men said mockingly. " What the fuck...." The three of
them exchanged confused looks, but each had a sickening smirk on their faces as
well.
" You were fair dinkum about this slut." The man sitting next to Lynne's husband
said in disbelief. " Master !......What the fuck is that ?"
"What sort of fucking queer bitch is this fat arsed mole anyway...." The one
leaning against the wall said.
" She's whatever you want her to be." John said from behind the bar in the
corner. " Had new tyres put on your car lately Lynne........."
Lynne's head spun towards John. She remembered them now. It happened about six
months ago. Lynne had gone to a Tyre Centre in Miranda to pick up her car which
she'd left there to have a set of new tyres fitted.
It was late one Thursday afternoon, a bit after 4.00pm when the taxi dropped her
off. It was a stinking hot day, well over 40 Celcius; and when she couldn't find
anybody in the office she wandered into the workshop. That's where she first met
the three men. They were sitting around on drums and old tyres in their dirty
blue overalls, drinking beer; reading Porno magazines; and swearing a lot. Her
car was up on the hoist behind them.
" Excuse me...." She had said nervously. The way the three men had looked at
Lynne had aroused her in a way that surprised her. She looked good in her tight
jeans and low cut top, she'd thought so when she'd dressed that morning, and the
three men obviously liked what they saw.
" What can we do for you sweetheart?" The one with the tattoo's said.
" What did you have in mind?" Lynne said teasingly. The three men looked at each
other. It wouldn't be the first time they'd fucked some hot and horny little
housewife on a blanket out the back in a store room. And they all thought Lynne
looked like the slutty type that they took out the back.
" There's lots of things we could do for you sweetheart." One of them said as
they each imagined their turn on the blanket with the slut in the low cut top.
" Really." Lynne said smiling, enjoying teasing the three men. It was so easy to
get men going Lynne thought to herself. So easy to let them think they were "
in."
" Here, have a drink with us sweetheart." Another of them said offering her a
can of VB.
" No thank you. Just get my car for me." Lynne said with a very different tone
to her voice. The teasing was over.
" We're just trying to be friendly little lady."  The one with the tattoo's
said. " Why don't you be friendly too. We could all have a real good time if you
were friendly little lady."
" I doubt if any woman could have a good time with any of you." Lynne had said
laughing at them.
" You fucking little bitch."
" Is everything alright in here?" A voice had said from behind her.
" Yeah, sure Mr Osborne. Everything's fine." The one with the Tattoo's had said
as his boss walked into the workshop. Lynne had not agreed with his assessment
that everything was fine. She spent the next half an hour in the Managers
office, complaining about the behaviour of the three men and demanding that
something be done about it.
There were times while Lynne was ranting on that Mr Osbourne had wanted to throw
her across his desk and fuck her himself. She had slut written all over her.
What did the stupid bitch expect walking around with her tits hanging out like
that? She was asking for it; but he'd spent 20 years building up the business
and he wasn't going to have it ruined by this stupid slut.
Lynne got her tyres for free, the three men lost their jobs and hadn't worked
since. Her husband had seemed surprisingly disinterested in the whole thing when
she'd told him about it that night; she'd over-reacted.
Within a few weeks of it happening Lynne had forgotten all about it, and about
the three men who had lost their jobs because of her. But she remembered them
now.
" Nice dress bitch." The one with the tattoo's said as he pulled out a pocket
knife. Lynne's throat and mouth went dry and her body trembled as she watched
the man slowly open up the knife exposing the shiny blade. The other men moved
towards her, they were all talking about the slut in the fancy Wedding Dress,
the slut that had cost them their jobs.
Lynne glanced down at her husband, her eyes pleading for him to help her; he
smiled at her. She gasped as she felt the knife slide down the top of her
wedding dress. The sound of the knife slicing her wedding dress open filled the
room and Lynne couldn't stop herself from screaming. She screamed again when she
felt the back of one of the men's hand across her face and told her to " Shut
the fuck up" That was the last time she screamed.
After that she just stood there as the men ripped her Beautiful Wedding Dress
off her till she was standing there in just her white bra, panties garter and
stockings.
She didn't make a sound as  the men grabbed her hand and  roughly pulled off her
wedding and engagement rings and discussed how much they'd get for them.
She watched in silence as the tip of the blade snaked it's way over her stomach
and up under her bra where it was joined between her breasts.  The knife cut the
bra open in one quick smooth action and hands quickly ripped it off her.
Things seemed to happen very  quickly after that. They cut and ripped her
panties off her and bent her over the couch ready to take it in turns to fuck
her. Her face was only a few inches away from her husband who sat on the couch
and watched seemly disinterested as the three men argued about who would fuck
the bitch first.
" You can't fuck her." Lynne's husband said casually.
" What do you mean we can't fuck her?" The one with the tattoo's said angrily. "
You said...."
" I know what I said." Lynne's husband interrupted. " And I never said you could
fuck her. Tell them why I won't let them fuck you Lynne." He said looking into
his wife's eyes, their faces only a few feet apart as she stood there bent over
the end of the couch.
" Because I'll enjoy it if they fuck me, and you don't want me to enjoy it."
He smiled at his wife, she was beginning to understand.
" But a cheap slut like you had no right to treat these men the way you did that
day in the workshop, did you Lynne?"
" No Master, I'm sorry."
" Don't tell me, tell them." Lynne stood up and slowly turned around to face the
three men standing behind her. She was naked except for her white stockings and
garter and her white high heeled shoes.
" I'm sorry. I'm just a slut and I had no right to behave like that. I'd like to
make it up to you." Lynne's voice shook from the thrill of humiliating herself
like this. The three men just looked at her, they'd never met a woman like Lynne
before." Can I suck them off please Master. Can I show them how sorry I am by
sucking them off ?"
" No. We haven't got time. You can only suck one of them off. You blokes will
have to decide which one of you gets the head job, but hurry up."
Lynne watched as the three men argued among themselves about who would get to
stick their cock in her mouth; who would get to cum in her mouth; but they
couldn't agree, and none of them would back down.  The argument was becoming
very heated when Lynne's husband interrupted them.
" Alright. She'll do the three of you. Lynne you've got till 8.00 o'clock to get
the three of them off." He said looking at his watch. " If you don't do it
before then, I'll inform the woman you want as your Mistress that you have
failed me again." Lynne quickly looked around the room, but there were no
clocks; none of the men had wrist watches on either; she had no idea how long
she had to get the three of them off; but she understood what the consequences
would be if she didn't get them off in time.
She quickly knelt at the feet of the man closest to her and pulled down his
shorts and underpants. " Shit !" She said to herself when she saw that he was
soft. She grabbed his cock and shoved it in her mouth and started sucking on it
and running her tongue all over it. As his cock began to swell in her mouth she
licked his balls while she jerked him off with her hand, then put it back in her
mouth again.
" Fuck ! What a slut !" Was all the man with his cock in Lynne's mouth could
say. " Where the fuck did you find her ?" The man with the tattoo's said as he
watched Lynne on her knees sucking on his mates cock like her life depended on
it. Like someone was holding a gun to her head.
They'd all fucked sluts before, and paid whores to suck them off, but they'd
never seen a woman anything like Lynne before.
" There's a lot more women like Lynne around than you realise dickhead." Lynne's
husband thought to himself as he watched the mans cock fill his wife's mouth
with cum. Lynne quickly swallowed it and licked up what had spilled out of her
mouth and moved to the next one.
He was already hard from watching her suck off his mate and Lynne quickly
devoured his cock, her head bobbing up and down as she tried to get him off as
quickly as she could. The man grabbed her by the hair and held her head while he
fucked her mouth. He was rough with her, it hurt the way he pulled on her hair,
but Lynne didn't care as long as it meant he'd cum quicker. He started sliding
his cock in and out of her mouth slowly. " Fuck !" Lynne swore to herself. He
wanted to take his time; he wanted to make it last and enjoy it. There was
nothing she could do about it. She couldn't move, It felt like he was pulling
her hair out as it was. He'd fuck her mouth as quickly or as slowly as he wanted
to and there was nothing she could do about it.
He seemed to take forever to cum, and even after he'd cum and she'd swallowed it
all, he still wouldn't let go. He wanted to feel his cock grow soft in her
mouth. Lynne had no choice, she didn't have any idea how much time she had left,
so she bit his cock.
" You fucking bitch !" The man screamed as the pain ran through his body. He
pushed her head away and struck her hard across the face with the back of his
hand. She fell backwards, blood trickling from the corner of her mouth which had
already began to swell. Her husband smiled as he watched the man hit her, and
saw her lying on the floor stunned from the blow.
She quickly crawled across the floor to the man with the tattoo's. He pulled
away. " Don't you fucking bite me bitch." I wont' I promise." He backed away
again. Lynne was one wild fucking slut and he wasn't sure anymore if he wanted
his cock in this queer bitches mouth.
" I promise." Lynne said pleading with him. " Please, let me suck your cock, let
me taste your cum...." The man wrapped his huge hand around her face and dragged
her towards him, his eyes staring into hers. " I'll break your pretty little
nose if you bite me you fucking queer bitch."
" I won't bite you, I promise." Lynne said as she reached up to pull his shorts
down; but he didn't want her to do it with him standing up. He pushed her away
and sat on the couch a few feet away from her husband; more time wasted.
Lynne crawled over and soon had his shorts down and his cock in her mouth. His
cock was soft, and huge. As it began to grow in her mouth she realised she
wouldn't be able to fit it in her mouth properly when he was hard. She'd have to
lick it as she jerked him off and hope she could get him to cum like that; but
he came almost as soon as he was hard; his cum squirting all over her hair and
face, dripping down onto her tits.
When he was finished, he pushed her away. " She's fucking feral." The one she'd
bitten said as she landed heavily on the floor. Lynne wasn't interested in what
they thought of her, she was only interested in what time it was. She looked up
at her husband who was looking at his watch as he took it off. He threw it on
the floor in front of her. He'd given her until 8.00 o'clock to get the three of
them off. Lynne picked up the watch and looked at the little black
numbers:6.50." You had plenty of time left." John said from behind the bar where
he'd watched everything she'd done. She'd forgotten he was there.
" Do you still want to fuck her John?" Lynne heard her husband say. She watched
John move slowly towards her and stand over her. She was lying on what was left
of her Wedding Dress; her face and hair covered in cum; her mouth bleeding and
swollen from where the man had hit her.  Their eye's met as John stood over her.
" No." He said with a hint of disgust in his voice. " I don't want to fuck
that."
An hour later Lynne had showered and cleaned herself up again and was sitting on
the lounge with Debbie trying to get her drunk and horny so her husband could
fuck her. Debbie was Ross's wife and Lynne's husband had said Lynne would help
him bed her, she didn't realise when he said it that he meant it.
Lynne had put a lot of makeup on to try and hide the bruise and swelling from
where the man had hit her. But Debbie had still noticed and asked what had
happened. Lynne suspected that Ross had hit Debbie in the past and didn't want
her thinking that her husband had hit her. She told Debbie an elaborate story
about how Rommell the big Rottweiller had jumped up and knocked her over. It was
pretty lame, but Debbie seemed to believe it; she wasn't particularly bright.
Even now Lynne didn't find Debbie particularly attractive; and didn't really
understand why her husband wanted to fuck her. Debbie is slim with long mousy
brown hair and an annoying voice. But Lynne liked her far more than the pig of a
man she was married to, the pig of a man who had fucked her for hours the night
before.
Lynne's husband had given her some pills to slip into Debbie's drink.  " Don't
worry." He had said. " They'll just help loosen her up, just like the ones I put
in your drink at the party a few weeks ago."
Lynne's husband wanted to fuck Debbie and Lynne had to seduce her for him, get
her ready for him. She wasn't going to disappoint him. She kept refilling
Debbie's glass, slipped the pills into her drinks, and steered the conversation
to sex. As she suspected Debbie was a very frustrated woman. The wine and pills
had done their job and Debbie was very open about how lousy her sex life with
Ross was. Lynne saw the opportunity and grabbed it.
" Have you got a vibrator Deb ?" Debbie blushed and giggled. " No."
" Sounds like you need a vibrator."  Lynne said as she took Debbie by the hand
and led her into the bedroom. Debbie giggled again as she lay on the bed looking
at the black vibrator with the gold tip purring away in Lynne's hand.
" I couldn't....." Debbie said unconvincingly giggling again. But she went
suddenly quiet as she watched Lynne lift up the front of her red dress and rub
the vibrator over her damp panties.
" It feels so good Debbie." Lynne panted. " Right there, right on my clit."
Lynne saw the look in Debbie's eyes as she watched her using the vibrator. " Oh
god yes right there....You have to try it." Lynne said suddenly as she sat on
the bed.
" I can't." Debbie said nervously as Lynne passed her the vibrator.
" Why ?" Lynne asked with a mischievous smile on her face.
" Alright, I guess I can." Debbie said as she held it in her hand, feeling the
force of the vibrations and wondering what it would feel like between her legs.
Debbie hesitated for a second and then pulled her skirt up and ran the tip of
the vibrator over her panties. " Oh shit !" She cried out as it brushed over her
clitoris.
Before Debbie knew what was happening she was lying on the bed, naked from the
waist down with Lynne running the vibrator teasingly over her swollen lips and
clit. Lynne could have made Debbie cum at any time but she kept her simmering
until her husband appeared in the doorway.
" And what are you two naughty little girls up to." Lynne's husband asked.
Debbie almost came when she saw him.
" Debbie hasn't used a vibrator before." Lynne said as she ran the gold tip over
Debbie's wet and swollen clit again. Debbie moaned loudly and asked Lynne to
stop but did nothing to stop her. " But what she really needs is a good fuck, do
you think you could help her out?"
Lynne's husband and Debbie were soon entwined in a heated embrace, his cock deep
inside her, their mouths locked together as they fucked wildly. Lynne to left
the room and closed the door behind her as she had been told to do.
She sat on the lounge and listened to the sounds of their bodies slapping
together. She heard Debbie cum, then heard her husband cum, and a little while
later she heard them doing it again. " It should have been me in there." Lynne
said softly to herself. She wasn't jealous, just envious.  She had hoped to have
one last night alone with her husband, but he preferred to spend it fucking
Debbie.
There were some Penthouse magazines on the coffee table she'd put there for
Debbie to see, and  Lynne started browsing through one of them as she listened
to her husband and Debbie fucking.
She flicked through the pages of naked women, they looked different now. She
liked the way they looked now. She turned to a page with a picture of a young 22
year old woman with Strawberry blonde hair. The caption said her name was
Simone.
The picture had Simone sitting on a teachers desk with a black board behind her.
The slutty schoolgirl. Lynne thought back to all those nights in bed
masturbating as she thought about different boys she liked. Then she remembered
how often her teenage masturbation fantasy's had ended up being about one of her
teachers, Miss Stone.
Lynne flicked through the pictures of Simone. She stared at her firm tits, her
small schoolgirl nipples. Then she turned to the centrefold. Simone was lying on
the teachers desk naked, her legs wide open, showing her neatly trimmed pussy.
Lynne ran her finger down the page  sliding over Simone's pussy.
Lynne reached into the top of her low cut dress and rubbed her stiff nipples.
She pulled her dress up and reached between her legs and stroked herself. She
could feel the dampness on her panties. She could feel how wet she was. She
could feel how her juices made her lips stick together.
The noises her husband and Debbie were making as they  fucked again grew louder
and more passionate. Her husband had told Lynne  she could masturbate while she
listened to him fucking Debbie.
Lynne lent back and  slid a hand down the top of her panties and rubbed her
swollen clit. She could feel it getting bigger as she rubbed it harder.  She
lied back on the lounge with the photo of Simone beside her and the sounds of
Debbie and her husband fucking all around her. She looked down at Simone, at her
tits, her pussy the smile on her pretty young face.
Lynne came like that, with her hand down her panties. Her orgasm hit her
suddenly and faded just as quickly . It was the most disappointing, unfulfilling
orgasm she'd ever had.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 23.  AN ENDING.
Lynne lent back and  slid a hand down the top of her panties and rubbed her
swollen clit. She could feel it getting bigger as she rubbed it harder.  She
lied on the lounge with the photo of Simone beside her and the sounds of Debbie
and her husband fucking all around her. She looked down at Simone, at her tits,
her pussy the smile on her pretty young face.
Lynne came like that with her hand down her panties. Her orgasm hit her suddenly
and faded just as quickly. It was the most disappointing and unfulfilling orgasm
she'd ever had.  She drifted off to sleep on the lounge and awoke suddenly as
she fell heavily onto the floor. Her husband was standing over her, he'd pulled
her off the lounge.
" Get up." Lynne dragged herself to her feet, still dazed from the fall and not
yet fully awake. She wasn't sure where she was or what was happening for a few
seconds; a few seconds her husband was not prepared to waste on her. He slapped
her across the face with his open hand, not enough to really hurt her, but
enough to bring her to her senses.
" How can I serve you Master?" She said meekly as she clutched at her face where
her husbands hand had struck her. Lynne's face was swollen and sore from where
the man had hit her the night before; and her husband had helped remind her of
how sore her lip and cheek were.
He issued her with some instructions and left her to follow them. The sun was
coming up, it was Sunday; her last day as her husbands wife; her last day in
their house; the day they were "sending her away for a while."
She showered in the main bathroom and dressed into the French Maid's outfit that
had been left there for her. She prepared breakfast for her husband and Debbie
as she had been instructed to, and at 7.00 o'clock she knocked on what was once
the door to the bedroom she shared with her husband.
Debbie was still asleep and had the look of a woman who had been fucked long and
hard the night before. The blankets had slipped down below her naked breasts. "
Flat chested bitch." Lynne said to herself with more than a hint of jealousy.
Debbie awoke suddenly as Lynne put the trays on the chest of  draws and half
opened the verticals. " What's going on ?" Debbie stammered as she grabbed at
the blankets to cover herself.
" Lynne's here to serve our breakfast, then she'll leave us alone....again."
Lynnes husband said with a spark in his eye as he ran his hand over Debbie's
face.
" You weren't joking about her, were you?" Debbie was confused and nervous,
she'd never been in a situation like this; or even imagined that things like
this happened. Lynne's husband had told Debbie about Lynne, all be it a modified
and abbreviated version, and Debbie didn't think he was serious. She knew now he
was.
She had just spent the night fucking Lynne's husband in their bed, and now Lynne
was going to serve them breakfast in that bed, dressed like a maid in a soft
porn movie. " This is really bizarre." Debbie said as Lynne picked up the tray
and moved towards the bed.
" Orange Juice Miss ?" Lynne asked politely.
" This is SO fucking bizarre !"  Lynne's husband leaned over and kissed her. "
There's a lot more I can show you, a lot more things we can do together if you
want to."
" I want to." Debbie said beginning to relax. " I want to spend as much time
with you as I can, you know how I feel about you, how I've felt about you for a
long time. And you are an even more interesting man than I thought." Debbie's
face lit up in an excited smile.
Lynne listened to them talking. She would probably never get to call her husband
of four years by his name again; but Debbie would.
Lynne served her husband and Debbie their Orange juice and stood back while they
snuggled up and talked.
" So she's like....your servant, not really your wife." Debbie said sounding as
intrigued as she was confused and excited.
" Sort of. But she's a lot more than just a maid. But like I told you last
night, she's neither anymore. Lynne is going away and won't be back, and we're
getting divorced."
"So you're.....available?"
" I've always been available for you Deb." They kissed gently and Debbie giggled
as their lips were still locked together. " This is so fucking bizarre !"
" You haven't seen anything yet sweetheart." Lynne's husband said and he kissed
Debbie again. " Get your slut arse over here." He said suddenly looking at
Lynne. Debbie giggled again.
" So she just does whatever you tell her to....... ?"
" Yes. And she'll do whatever you tell her to as well Debbie."
" That sounds interesting...." Debbie said with a smirk on her face.
Lynne didn't find any pleasure in the humiliation of degrading herself like this
in front of Debbie. But she would obey her as her husband had said she would. "
A slave's pleasure comes in pleasing others; amusing and entertaining others."
That's what she'd been told, and she accepted it. She was obviously amusing
Debbie, and that pleased her husband, and that's all Lynne had to worry about.
" What do you think of Lynne, Debbie?" Lynne's husband asked after taking a sip
on his Orange Juice.
" I always thought you had a fat arse Lynne." Debbie said with a bitter edge to
her voice.
" I'm sorry that my fat arse displeases you Miss." Lynne said politely.
" And you may have big tits, but they sag like an old cows." Debbie added,
beginning to enjoy herself.
" I'm sorry Miss." Lynne said meekly.
" What do you think of Debbie, Lynne?" Her husband asked with an almost evil
smile on his face.
" She's beautiful Master. I wish I looked like her, I wish I had a body like
hers; but I don't."
" No you don't slut; and I wished you looked like her too; I always have.
So shut up and serve breakfast so I can be alone with Debbie again."
" Yes Master." Lynne served their breakfast; scrambled eggs and bacon.  Neither
of them ate very much, and Lynne's husband  made snide remarks about what a
lousy cook the  "stupid slut" was.
" The bitch can't even make toast without burning it." Debbie had said as she
demanded Lynne take her tray away.
" I'm sorry Miss." Was all Lynne said as she lent over and took Debbie's tray. "
Would you like coffee Miss?"
" I wouldn't if I was you Deb." Lynne's husband said. Her coffee is less
appealing than her fat arse." Debbie laughed less nervously this time.  She was
beginning to relax and enjoy herself. She still thought it was all incredibly
bizarre, but she loved it; she loved treating Lynne like this; but most of all
she loved being with Lynne's husband of four years, soon to be Lynne's
ex-husband. She'd pack Ross's stuff up this afternoon and never have to see him
or put up with him again. She had a new man in her life, a man she'd wanted for
a long time, a man who was even more interesting than she could possibly have
imagined. Life was about to get a whole lot better Debbie thought to herself.
Lynne ran a shower for her husband and Debbie to enjoy together, and then asked
if she could be of any further use to either of them. The answer was no, and
they both laughed saying it.
Lynne excused herself, closed the door behind her and left them alone again. It
had been one of the more difficult experiences Lynne had had to confront. She'd
been humiliated and degraded in extremely graphic ways sexually; but none was
more difficult than serving breakfast to Debbie in what had been her bed, in her
house with her husband. But that and the other things that had happened to Lynne
over the last few days were seen as important when The Blonde Woman and Lynne's
husband planned them. They wanted Lynne to be the little Slave Girl in that
environment. And in general they were both pleased with the way Lynne had
responded.
A few hours later Lynne was sitting in seat 4A in "Business Class on a Boeing
767-338 aboard Qantas flight QF800. There was no seat next to her and Lynne was
able to sit back and relax as the plane took off from Sydney Airport. The flight
would take about an hour and 15 minutes. Her destination was Coolangatta, just
south of the Gold Coast in Queensland. As Lynne looked out the window from
35,000 feet  at the ground through the puffy white clouds it was hard to believe
that they were travelling at 857 k.p.h.
She hadn't known she was flying anywhere, and she didn't know her destination
until she picked up her ticket. Even as she sat drinking a glass of Apple juice
on the flight, she had no idea what she was suppose to do when she arrived at
Coolangatta.
All she had was the clothes she wore that had been left out for her; red
panties, red bra, pale blue Designer Jeans, a red top and sweater. She'd never
seen the clothes before, but they all fitted perfectly; and she had been told
that luggage had been checked onto the plane for her. Even the fare for the cab
she took to the airport had been pre-paid. She had no money or credit cards;
John was right; she had no safety net.
Lynne felt sad for the first time in a long time as she stared out the window
and the noise of the plane droned on around her. She hadn't been given the
chance to say goodbye to her husband. He'd  quickly given her her instructions
while Debbie dressed to go out somewhere with him. All he had said was; " A cab
will be here shortly to pick you up, get dressed in the clothes left out for you
and wait  outside." And that was it. He'd started to walk away; she had to ask
him.
She called out his name softly. Her husband stopped suddenly and turned around
slowly to face the woman he'd been married to for 4 years.
" Are you Ok Lynne ?" He'd asked in a tone he hadn't used when speaking to Lynne
in the past three weeks.
" Do you love her?" Her husband smiled warmly. " No Lynne. I don't love her. I
just wanted to fuck her." There was a long silence and then her husband said:
" Are you sure this is what you want Lynne? It's not too late to change your
mind."
"It's what I want, it's just harder to end it than I thought it would be."
" It's not an ending Lynne, it's a new beginning. We'll always have the memories
of the past; and we can make whatever we like out of the future. As long as this
is what you really want. As long as you're sure."
Lynne didn't answer, she just smiled at him, her eyes full of love for the man
she'd married.
" This is the last time we talk like this Lynne, do you understand?"
She understood, but she'd wanted so badly to have one more hug, to tell him one
more time that she loved him; to hear him say that he loved her one more time;
but he just turned and walked away; and that was how their marriage of 4 years
ended.
The plane seemed to begin it's descent as soon as it had taken off.  Lynne had
been completely lost in her thoughts. She wasn't sure what to do next as she
walked across the tarmac towards the terminal.
" We'll have  your luggage delivered to your Hotel, the car is this way." The
voice belonged to a tall handsome young man in a chauffeurs uniform.
Lynne followed him outside and watched as he opened the door to a white stretch
Limousine. " What now?" Lynne wondered as they drove up the Gold Coast highway
in opulent comfort.
She recognised Jupiter's casino in the distance, and looked at the drivers eyes
in the rear vision mirror as he took the Exit to Jupiter's. He did not return
the look.
A porter quickly opened the door of the Limousine for her, and Lynne watched as
the Driver passed him a folded note that looked like a fifty and said something
to him.
" This way Miss." The porter said and Lynne followed him up to the reception
desk where everybody smiled at her and called her Miss. Lynne got the impression
the staff thought she was someone special or important.
Her room was a suite on the 16th floor. There was a large sitting room with a
bar, a separate bedroom with an ensuit that had a huge Spa bath in it. The
furniture was Ultra Modern and obviously very expensive. There was a knock on
the door as the  Porter opened the drapes to reveal the view out towards the
Ocean.
" I'll get that for you Miss." Another porter delivered three expensive and
heavy looking suitcases which the porter put on the luggage racks for her. "
Please call reception if there's anything we can do to make your stay more
enjoyable Miss." The porter said before excusing himself.
Lynne looked out the window towards the Ocean and around the room.  This wasn't
what she had expected, she didn't really know what to expect, but not this.
She opened the suitcases which were neatly packed with expensive clothes, under
wear and several toiletries bags; everything she needed.  There was a black hand
bag in one of the suitcases which had $5000 in cash, two credit cards, and an
ATM card with a PIN number written on a small white card.
For the first few days Lynne stayed in her room most of the time and watched a
bit of TV and spent a lot of time thinking about all that had happened. By
Friday she'd been there five nights; the time she was of "no use to anybody" was
past. Everything that had happened had begun to seem like a dream; did it really
happen at all? Did she really do all those things? When she woke up alone in the
huge bed in the expensive suite at Jupiter's Casino Friday morning, Lynne wasn't
sure of anything anymore.
She showered, put on some of the expensive lingerie she'd been given, a pair of
tight blue stone-wash Jeans, a white top, and one of nearly a dozen pairs of
shoes that were in the suit cases; they were black with a thick high heel.
Lynne put on a bit of lip-gloss and blush and left her room for one of the few
times since she'd arrived. She ate breakfast at the cafe near the entrance to
the Casino. It was 7.50 on a Friday morning and Lynne couldn't believe how many
people were gambling away money they couldn't afford to lose.
Later she went back to her room and put on the skimpy black silk  Bikini that
was in the suitcase. She looked at herself in the mirror.
" Not bad." She said to her reflection. She did look good. Her tits were large
but firm, her stomach flat, and  despite what Debbie had said, her arse looked
good too. She was suddenly horny as she looked at herself. It had been a long
time; she'd been pre-occupied with her thoughts up until now; now her mind was
focused on how wet her cunt had suddenly become.
She gave some thought to masturbating, she'd been told she could do what ever
she wanted to while she was away; but she decided to make herself wait. She put
on a beach shirt and sandals and headed down to the pool to catch some Gold
Coast sunshine.
There were a few people scattered around on chairs and lying on towels soaking
up the warmth. One young man in his early twenties was swimming in the pool.
When he saw Lynne looking at him he smiled back and began showing off the way
men do. He climbed out of the pool with his stomach sucked in and did several
elegant dives into the water, checking that Lynne was watching each time before
he dived in.
" Hmmmm. Maybe." Lynne thought to herself. It had been almost a week since she'd
had any sort of sexual release, and she was getting to the point where she would
have to do something about it; perhaps masturbating may not be the answer this
time. The young stud just might get lucky.
A couple sat a few tables away from her and they exchanged polite smiles. Lynne
thought he looked OK, probably thirty and in pretty good shape, but it was the
woman who caught Lynne's eye.  She looked younger than him, mid 20s with frizzy
light brown hair.
" Hmmmm. You're a spunky little thing." Lynne thought to herself.
She felt herself getting wet again as she watched the woman take off the big
T-shirt she had on. She had a good figure; slim, smallish but firm tits, and a
great arse. She looked incredible in her shiny white Bikini. Lynne didn't
realise she was staring until the woman looked at her nervously a few times;
Lynne quickly looked away, giggling to herself. " Behave yourself Lynne."
" I was just going to get a drink, what can I get you ?" Lynne looked in the
direction of the voice, it was the man she had watched in the pool. He was
young; handsome; tanned and blonde; but he was so full of himself; so smug; it
was written all over his face. He'd treat  her like a piece of meat; all men
like him do; the thought appealed to her.
" I'm right thank you." Lynne said politely, but hoping he'd tell her to:
" Get her slut arse upstairs now !" He kept talking, mainly about himself. He
was a professional surfer up for a Contest of some sort, or so he said: " Now
what would you like ?"
" Really I'm fine thanks." Lynne said less politely this time. " You'd be a dud
fuck." She thought to herself. "You'd be looking at yourself in the mirror the
whole time."
He ran his hands through his wet blonde hair and rested his other  hand on the
arm of Lynne's chair, and kept talking.
" I really don't want anything thank you." Lynne said abruptly.
" I'm sure there must be something you want." The blonde man said with a smug
look on his face.
" The lady said she doesn't want anything mate." The man with the spunky little
girlfriend said as he walked towards them.
" What's your fucking problem !" The young blonde man said.
" You." The other replied. " Learn to take 'no' for an answer dickhead."
There was a brief silence while the two men confronted each other. " I'd back
off if I was you Blondie." The spunky woman in the white Bikini said.  " Unless
you're at least a double tip Black Belt you're in deep shit."
" Well pretty boy?" The man said. The young blonde man like most of his type was
all talk. His face turned almost as pale as his bleached hair.
" You better go before you get hurt." Lynne said joining in the fun. " And you
should learn to take no for an answer."
He pointed at the spunky woman's boyfriend and with all the courage he could
muster said; nothing. and quickly turned and stormed off. He yelled something
back at them from a safe distance but they couldn't hear what he'd said.
" Thanks." Lynne said, to the man who had rescued her. " Now come up to my room
and I'll thank you properly." She said to herself. " And bring your spunky
little girlfriend with you; I'll thank her too."
" No worries. I'm David and that's my wife Kristy.
" Hi. I'm Lynne."
" Enjoy your holiday Lynne." She watched him walk back over to Kristy, and the
two women exchanged smiles.
Lynne watched David and Kristy when they weren't looking. Watched them rub sun
tan oil on each other. Watched them enjoy the occasional kiss. Lynne watched
Kristy lie on her towel and undo her bikini top.  She caught a glimpse of
Kristy's stiff pink nipple. It was more than Lynne could take. She said goodbye
to them and headed up to her room.
" They thought of everything else." She said to herself as she slid the card
into the slot in the door to her room. She headed straight for the suitcases and
began rummaging around. She found it in a toiletries bag. It was the same as the
one she had at home; 8 inches long, black with a gold tip. Lynne smiled when she
saw it; and swore when she picked it up; it was too light to have batteries in
it.
She grabbed her key and headed down to reception, it wasn't until she saw
herself in the mirror in the elevator that she realised she only had her skimpy
bikini on. In her haste she'd forgotten to put her beach shirt back on. "
This'll be fun." She smiled to herself.
Lynne enjoyed the looks she got as she walked up to the reception desk. 
Although some of the wives who were with the men looking  at her were less than
impressed. A young man in a white shirt and black tie blushed when Lynne
approached him.
" Um...Yes Madam...Um....How can I help you?"
" I need some batteries."
" Batteries ?"
" Yes. Batteries."
The young man blushed a few shades darker; he could guess what the batteries
were for. " Um....downstairs in the Gift Shop Madam."
" Thanks....." She looked at his nametag. "....Scott. Thanks very much."
Lynne felt their eyes on her as she sauntered away. She knew they'd be talking
about her, making jokes about why she wanted batteries. It all just made her
need the batteries  more.
She stood waiting for the elevator, people looking at her as they walked past;
she wondered if anyone had noticed the wet patch she was sure would be visible
on the crotch of her bikini. When the elevator's door opened a man in his late
50s began to step out, when he saw Lynne, he stepped back in. " Wrong floor." He
said nervously as he watched the woman with her big tits threatening to spill
out of her bikini top step into the elevator. He stared at her in the mirror
while they rode down to the shopping level. Lynne brushed an imaginary piece of
lint off one of the cups of her bikini top; her nipple responded and poked hard
against the silky material.
The Conrad and Jupiter's is a 5 STAR Hotel and Casino complex and the attractive
young woman behind the counter in the gift shop tried hard not to let her face
tell Lynne what she thought of her. " What are you doing walking around here
like that you slut?" The young woman said to herself. " How may I help you
Madam?" She said to Lynne with a well practised smile on her face. Jayne had
always found it difficult, at times impossible to be polite to some of the
"stuck up rich bitches" that came into the gift shop. She found it almost
impossible with Lynne; who she could tell was nothing but a slut; a rich slut;
but still just a slut.'
Lynne looked at her nametag: Jayne. " I need some batteries Jayne."
Lynne said smiling back. She could tell what Jayne thought of her.
" What sort of batteries Madam?"
" It takes those big round one's Jayne." Lynne said, emphasising " It "
" D Size is it Madam. Like these." She said showing Lynne. " Like your bra size
you slut." She added to herself.
" No smaller than that."
" C size Madam, like these?"     " Yes, that's them Jayne."
" How many do you want Madam?"
" Better make it about half a dozen, Jayne, I go through them fairly quickly."
Jayne was finding it difficult to remain polite. Lynne didn't like her attitude.
" Charge them to my suite, 1606, and run them up to me in about ten
minutes....." Lynne said snobbishly.
" I'm not a delivery girl." The young woman snapped back.
" Really." Lynne said still smiling. " I'll talk to the Hotel manager and see if
he's happy with that sort of attitude from the likes of you." With that Lynne
turned and walked out of the shop.
" Fucking  bitch." Jayne swore as she saw Lynne's arse disappear around the
corner. " I know what she wants those batteries for."
" For her vibrator obviously." An older woman, Sue, said walking from behind
another counter where she had observed what had happened.  " Those suites are
$700 a night Jayne. I bet her husband's some sort of High Roller and she's left
to amuse herself while he plays the tables.  Management don't take kindly to
staff offending High Rollers Jayne.  I suggest you take those batteries up to
her room and apologise for your behaviour before she gets you fired."
" Fucking slut." Jayne swore again as she stuffed the batteries into a bag and
looked at the clock. " I know." She added. " She's rich so I've gotta kiss her
arse. This sucks."
Jayne waited for about five minutes and then headed up to room 1606 and knocked
on the door. " Just a minute." Lynne said, and then left Jayne waiting outside
the door for just on 15 minutes.
" Ah the delivery girl." Lynne said smugly as she opened the door, still in her
Bikini.
" I've brought your purchase up as you requested Madam." Jayne said as politely
as she could considering how furious she was. " And....and I want to apologise
for my behaviour in the shop. I've had a bad day I'm sorry." It wasn't much of
an apology but it was the best she could do.
" OK." Lynne said smiling again. " We'll say no more about it. Here's a little
something for you Jayne." Lynne held out a 50 cent piece, Jayne's tip.
" Thank you Madam." Jayne forced herself to say. She needed her job.
" Fucking slut bitch !" Jayne muttered to herself as she stormed down the
hallway throwing the 50 cents in a potplant as she passed it.  Lynne thought
about how cheaply Jayne had sold her dignity. Was what she wanted to do really
that different or strange after all? People like Jayne surrender their dignity
for a few dollars every day. At least Lynne did it because she enjoyed it; got
pleasure from it.  Lynne wondered just how different her and Jayne really were;
just how far would Jayne go to keep her job; how much would she humiliate
herself to keep her job?
" She's a stuck up little rich bitch slut." Jayne fumed to the older woman, Sue,
when she stormed back into the gift shop. " Why do bitches like her always think
they're so much better than everybody else......"
.
" Mr Stathum wants to see you in his office Jayne, his secretary just called."
" Oh shit....." The anger and defiance in Jayne's voice and in her demeanour was
gone. She needed her job; she was behind in her rent and in a lot of debt
courtesy of a boyfriend she didn't know as well as she thought she did.
Mr Stathum was the C.E.O. of the Jupiter's/Conrad complex. No one as lowly
ranked on the Payroll list as Jayne had ever met Mr Stathum, let alone been
summoned to his office.
" But I apologised......She said it was okay........."
" You've pissed off the wrong woman this time Jayne." Sue said despondently. "
And you're apology was obviously not good enough.  You've only got yourself to
blame. You've been warned before. These people pay a lot of money to stay here
and we're paid to make sure they enjoy themselves. You should have learnt that
by now Jayne. "
" Yeah I know.....Kiss arse, suck up to them, take their shit.......And do it
with a smile on my face....."
The meeting with Mr Stathum lasted less than a minute. He wanted to fire her
himself so he could tell her that he would personally make sure she never worked
on the Coast again.
Jayne tapped very politely on Lynne's door this time. Lynne was still in her
black Bikini.
" I'm very sorry to disturb you again Madam." Jayne said meekly. " Can I please
talk to you for just a moment.....please."
" Make it quick." Lynne said as she walked back into her room and sat on the
leather couch.
" I really need this job Madam. I'm sorry for the way I acted,.." Jayne said
timidly as she walked into the room and stood a few feet away from where Lynne
sat on the couch.
" You should have thought of that before. I won't be treated like that by the
likes of you. I won't have some cheap shop girl look at me the way you did. You
should learn your place."
" Yes Madam I know, I'm sorry......." Lynne was surprised at how quickly Jayne
had abandoned her pride.
Jayne simply could not afford to lose her job. She'd been unemployed for 13
months before she got this job. The only job offer she'd had in that time was as
a topless waitress in a bar; and she didn't have the debts she had now.
" And what is you're place Jayne?"
" To serve people like yourself Madam. To serve you politely and efficiently."
" Pass me my drink from the bar." Jayne walked over to the bar and picked up a
tall glass of Coke filled with ice, and politely passed it to Lynne. It was all
too easy.
" How sorry are you Jayne?"
" Very sorry madam. It won't happen again."
" And you'd like your job back?"
" Yes Madam. I need this job; will you please reconsider...."
" I can get you your job back with one phone call." Lynne interrupted; and she
let her words hang in the air for a few moments.
" What you said was right. You're here to serve me; to satisfy my needs; if you
can't do that, your employer will simply find someone who can."
" I can serve you properly madam, I can satisfy your needs. Just give me another
chance....please."
" So you've learnt your lesson little shop girl?"
" Yes madam I have."
" There's two types of people in this world Jayne, those that kiss arse, and
those that have their arses kissed. Do you know which you are?"
Jane had a brief resurgence of anger and bitterness, but they were luxuries she
could no longer afford. " I'm the type who kisses arse Madam."
Lynne smiled, Jayne was no better than she was, in fact she was worse.  She'd
sold her dignity for a $420 a week pay cheque. How cheap the little shop girl
was.
" So you're the type that kisses arse Jayne?"
" Yes madam."
" Then kiss mine and I'll get you your job back."
" What !" Jayne blurted out in a less than polite manner. " I mean I beg your
pardon madam."
" Kiss my arse and I'll get you your job back." Lynne said as she stood up and
stepped out of her bikini pants. Jayne didn't answer; but there was no way she
was going to kiss this bitches arse. No job was worth that.
" Get out !" Lynne yelled at her. " Get out or I'll call security and have you
thrown out !" Jayne was caught off guard by Lynne's sudden outburst.
" Okay I'll do it."
" That's better shop girl." Lynne said snobbishly. " Maybe you have learnt your
lesson. Well, go on shop girl."
Jayne slowly crouched down behind Lynne and quickly pecked the left cheek of her
arse. " Do it properly shop girl." Lynne snapped at her.  Jayne closed her eyes
and gently kissed the soft skin on both cheeks of Lynnes arse. Lynne was
surprised at the almost tender way Jayne's lips touched her skin.
" Very good shop girl. Now stick your tongue up my arse hole."
" Yes madam." Jayne said softly as she continued to kiss Lynne's arse.  Lynne
cried out when she felt Jayne's teeth dig into the soft skin of her arse.
" You fucking bitch!" Lynne said laughing. " I take it you're not going to stick
that pretty pink tongue of yours up my arse ?"
" No fucking way you sick bitch. Fuck you." Jayne's face was red with anger.
" I hope it doesn't take you too long to find another job Jayne." Lynne said
still laughing as Jayne stormed out of the room cursing herself for doing what
she'd done. She couldn't believe she'd actually kissed the bitches arse.
Jayne was furious with herself; " Why did I do that ! Why did I kiss that
bitches arse !......Fuck !" Jayne cursed herself for doing what she did over and
over as she rode down to the ground floor in the lift.
Casino Security staff grabbed her when the doors opened and led her on a very
public and very humiliating exit from the Casino. Jayne protested at first, but
soon realised she was only attracting more attention to her removal from the
premises. There were lots of faces she recognised as she was led through the
Casino to the Main Entrance.
" You can't be serious...." She pleaded when she saw two large framed and very
annoyed looking Police Officers waiting for her; they "helped" her into the back
of the Paddy Wagon and drove off.
It was a very public, very humiliating exit from the place she'd worked for
almost two years. Lynne watched it all with delight, amid a crowd of other
onlookers:
" What did she do?"
" I heard she had her hand in the till." A Casino employee said.  " I heard she
tried to come onto one of the female guests, she's a dyke you know." One former
friend of Jayne's said.  " No. They caught her doing drugs.....Coke I think it
was."
The rumours had started already and would only get worse. Life for Jayne was
going to be very difficult if she stayed on The Gold Coast.
So much had happened that morning that had stirred Lynne's passions.  The young
blonde guy; the very macho David and his spunky little wife Kristy in her skimpy
little white Bikini; and then Jayne. Lynne's cunt was soaked when she got back
to her room and lay on the bed as she put the batteries in her vibrator.
She turned it on low to start with and ran it over the damp crotch of her bikini
while she thought about Jayne. But she couldn't tease herself for long; she
never was much good at teasing herself; she needed to cum.  Lynne slid her
bikini pants off; turned the vibrator on high and pushed it hard against her
swollen clit.
Images of David and Jayne and the young blonde guy rushed through her mind as
she got closer; but it was Kristy she saw in her mind when she came. It was
Kristy's name she called out as the first wave of pleasure ran through her body.
Lynne panted and grunted and cried out as an orgasm more intense than any she'd
had before from masturbating alone consumed her. She was breathless and her body
smeared with perspiration when her orgasm finally receded.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 24.  A BEGINNING.
Images of David and Jayne and the young blonde guy rushed through her mind as
she got closer; but it was Kristy she saw in her mind when she came. It was
Kristy's name she called out as the first wave of pleasure ran through her body.
Lynne panted and grunted and cried out as an orgasm more intense than any she'd
had before from masturbating alone consumed her. She was breathless and her body
smeared with perspiration when her orgasm finally receded.
Lynne  spent the rest of the afternoon lazing by the pool and thinking. It had
been almost a week. She was well and truly "of use" to anybody that wanted her;
and although she'd had some fun; she wanted to be The Blonde Woman's slutty
Little Slave Girl; she wanted to be used and abused; why were they leaving her
up here sitting by a pool?  She stopped by the Gift Shop on her way back to her
room. There was a new girl behind Jayne's counter, but she knew who Lynne was.
" Good afternoon Miss, how can I help you?"
Lynne looked at her nametag: Kerry. " Do you sell vibrators Kerry?"
Kerry was stunned a bit at first, but quickly recovered. " No madam, not here in
the Gift Shop." She said in a soft voice. " But I could arrange to have one
bought in and delivered to your room at your convenience. I'd be extremely
discrete about it of course madam. Or you could pick it up from here if you
like, it's obviously up to you madam. I could have one here for you in about
half an hour. I'm sorry if that's inconvenient, but I'd certainly do everything
to have your purchase here as soon as possible. If you would like madam I......"
" Shut up Kerry your rambling."
" I'm sorry madam."
" You may be Kerry." Lynne left Kerry with those thoughts and browsed through
some of the other shops. She had her Beach Shirt on this time so she didn't
attract the attention she did when she was shopping in her bikini.
The young woman in the Fashion Boutique's name tag said: Donna.
Lynne had noticed her watching her as she browsed through the lingerie.  Lynne
was beginning to have a better understanding of people and sexuality. And after
giving her a couple of " Fuck me." stares, she had a strong sense about Donna's
sexual preferences.
" I'll need your help in a moment Donna." Lynne said in a sultry voice as she
picked out a bright red matching bra and panties set .
"Certainly madam." Donna replied nervously.
Donna was a very plain looking woman, early twenties, short mousy brown hair.
The black skirt and white blouse didn't exactly compliment her figure ether.
" Can I help you with anything  Madam?" Donna asked through the curtain of the
dressing room.
" Yes, come in here." Lynne had the red panties on, and the bra wrapped around
her large breasts. " Do me up."
" Certainly madam." Donna said politely as she clipped the little hooks together
on Lynne's bra.
" What do you think Donna?" Lynne asked as she ran her hands over her body and
rubbed herself between the legs.
" You look lovely madam." Donna replied, her voice shaking; but it was her eyes
that gave her away more than anything.
" Do you like the feel of the material?" Lynne asked as she took Donna's hand
and guided it between her legs. Donna didn't say anything, she just let Lynne
guide her hand over Lynne's crotch.
" Well, do you like the feel of it Donna."
" Very much madam, I like the feel of it very much."
Donna moaned softly as she saw Lynne's hand disappear up her skirt and then felt
it on her wet cotton panties. " Not here." Donna panted. "I could get in
trouble"; but she didn't pull away, or pull Lynne's hand away; all she did was
move her feet apart a bit so as Lynne could get at her better.
Donna began to breath harder, and Lynne slid her hand inside her panties. Donna
was obviously a very frustrated closet lesbian, she got very close to cumming
very quickly. As her orgasm built inside her Lynne moved her hand faster and
said: " You're a very unattractive woman Donna. In fact you're rather ugly. Fat
and ugly, get out." It would be a long time before Lynne forgot the expression
on Donna's face as she ran out of the change room.
That evening Lynne dressed in an expensive black evening gown and ate dinner in
one of the restaurants alone. The food and wine were excellent but eating by
herself depressed her. She watched couples having romantic little dinners
together and she felt very alone. She'd given up her husband to be with the
Blonde Woman; when would she send for her?
After dinner Lynne went up to Neptune's night club looking for a stray fuck. She
was still horny and a bit tipsy. A number of men approached her asking for a
dance or if they could buy her a drink; most of them seemed like nice guys; but
Lynne didn't want a nice guy. She wanted someone who would treat her like the
dirty little slut that she is.  The prospects of finding someone suitable to
fuck diminished as the night wore on and the men got drunker. Lynne had resolved
herself to another session with her vibrator when she saw David and Kristy
walking by.
" Hi how are you......" Kristy said, obviously having forgotten her name.
Lynne stayed for a while longer and watched them dancing together.  Lynne liked
the way Kristy could move her body to the music; she oozed sexuality.
Lynne was watching Kristy, imagining doing things with her when a voice
distracted her." Would you like to dance?" He was a reasonably attractive man,
late 20s, with short dark hair and olive complexion. A very average looking
bloke. The most noticeable thing about him was the wedding ring on his finger.
" Would you like to dance?" He said again. " No." Lynne said as she stood up. "
I want to fuck."
Their hands were all over each other as they rode the elevator up to the 16th
floor. Once inside Lynne's room they almost tore each others clothes off and
fell onto the bed, their mouths and bodies locked together in the heat of the
moment. The man slid down Lynne's body and licked her freshly shaved cunt. Lynne
moaned loudly as soon as his tongue touched her there. Then he was on top of
her, and inside her. He fucked her with the passion of a man who hadn't enjoyed
sex like this in a long time. Lynne was crying out " Yes. Yes." with each thrust
as she drew closer to orgasm. " Yes fuck me. "She cried out. " Make me cum."
The man grunted loudly and Lynne knew he was going to cum. " No." She panted
desperately. " Not yet...." The man groaned loudly as he came and then his body
went limp on top of hers.
" Shit !" Lynne swore at him. "Why didn't you wait for me?"
" Sorry, I couldn't wait." He panted breathlessly.
" That's Ok ." Lynne purred. " Eat me. Eat my cunt and make me cum."
" I'm not going down on you now..."
" What....What do you mean..." Lynne looked down and saw his semen seeping out
of her. " So what....Come on..." But the man was already getting dressed. Lynne
was still in a haze of sexual frustration as the man shut the door behind him.
" You bastard." She called out after him. She ran to the door and was about to
open it when she heard people outside. She looked through the peep hole and saw
David and Kristy. They were obviously staying in the room opposite. He had her
pinned to the door and was trying to get his hand up her skirt. Kristy said
something but Lynne couldn't tell what it was; but she could tell what the look
on Kristy's face meant. She watched them stagger into their room as they kissed
and groped each other.
Lynne quickly ran to the bed and put her black silk robe on and then grabbed the
plastic key and slowly opened the door. It was late; 1.45am and the hallway was
deserted. She hadn't seen many people on the floor since she'd been there. She
could hear them from where she stood in the doorway to her room. She quietly
shut her door and crept over towards David and Kirsten's door.
Lynne could hear the sound of their bodies slapping together; Kristy was panting
loudly and David was making grunting noises. Lynne looked up and down the
hallway and then lent against the door and slid a hand up under her robe. Her
cunt was soaked with her juices and the cum of a man whose name she didn't know
and hadn't asked.
Kristy was moaning and panting louder, screaming out for David to fuck her
harder. Lynne knew Kristy was going to cum, and she was going to cum with her.
She listened to the noises Kristy was making  and rubbed herself faster so she
could time her orgasm with Kristy's. The three of them were about to cum when
Lynne heard the "Ping" of the elevator.
" Shit !" She swore to herself and moved quickly to her own door. A middle aged
couple strolled slowly down the hallway, walking away from her. " Hurry up will
you." Lynne cursed them under her breath. The couple got to their door and
fumbled with the Card Key. Lynne heard Kristy cum just as the couple opened
their door, David came as soon as Kristy did.
By the time the couple had disappeared into their room there was silence in
David and Kristy's room. " Fuck !" Lynne swore to herself. She pulled her key
out of the pocket of her robe and opened her door. Just as she did, a strange
feeling overran her. She looked up at the ceiling and saw the familiar black
plastic bubble that covered all the security camera's. She nearly burst out
laughing. " I wonder if they tape everything?" She thought to herself as she
pushed her door open still laughing.
Lynne had her robe off  before the door had shut behind her. She grabbed the
vibrator from the bedside table, turned it on full and threw it on the bed and
flopped onto the bed on top of it. She reached down and positioned it where she
wanted it and quickly started humping herself against it while she pictured
Kirsten in her Bikini and remembered the noises she made when she came.
Lynne reached behind herself and gently rubbed the outside of her arse hole
while she frantically humped the bed with the vibrator pushing hard against her
sloppy cunt. She slid a finger up her arse as she came and screamed out from the
intensity of the pleasure she was giving herself.  Her arse hole grabbed at her
finger as her body spasmed with each wave of her orgasm. Just as the ecstasy
started to subside she came again, not as intense this time but a long gentle
fulfilling orgasm.
Eventually she pulled her finger out and rolled off the vibrator, exhausted from
the pleasure. She fell asleep with the vibrator still purring away beside her.
The next morning Lynne soaked in the Spa bath for a long while thinking about
The Blonde Woman and the things she'd make her do when she was her slave. But it
was Saturday now, when was The Blonde Woman going to send for her?
She dressed in a pair of tight cut off blue denim jeans, no bra and a loosely
fitting white shirt which she tied in a knot under her breasts and looked at
herself in the mirror. " Hmmm Bit slutty Lynne." She said smiling, it was how
she wanted to look. Preferably she'd like to be dressed in a little slave girl
skirt and top, and be kneeling at the feet of her Mistress, licking her feet
while her Mistress talked casually to the other people sitting around the room.
The heel of Lynne's black shoes tapped loudly on the tile floor of the reception
area as she approached the desk. She checked if there were any messages for her
but there were none.
" Thank you." She said, unable to hide her disappointment. The young woman
behind the desk promised to get any messages to her as soon as she could if any
arrived. It was 11.40 am. Lynne hadn't eaten so she headed off to one of the
cafe's for a late breakfast. She dragged it out as long as she could and then
went to her room and changed into her Bikini and spent the next few hours lying
on her towel by the pool working on her tan and waiting for the Blonde Woman to
send for her.
" Hi........" Kristy said as she approached in her little white Bikini.
" Hi Kristy." Lynne replied quickly as her eyes roamed over Kristy's body.
" Where's David?"
" He had to fly to Perth. Business, as usual. But the rooms paid for so I'm
going to stay for a few more days. There's nothing for me to do at home anyway." 
The two women talked for a while, and then had drinks together that afternoon,
which turned into dinner that night. After dinner they went up to Neptune's and
danced together till 3.00am.
When she was back in her room Lynne put new batteries in her vibrator and
masturbated while she thought about how sexy Kristy  looked when they danced
together; how good she smelt; how Lynne felt whenever their bodies touched while
they danced. She pretended Kristy was licking her cunt. " Oh god yes Kristy,
stick your tongue inside me." Lynne panted with her eyes shut and an image of
Kristy with her face buried between Lynne's legs vivid in her mind. She kept
calling out Kristy's name; telling her how to eat her wet cunt; and she screamed
Kristy's name out when she came.
The next day, Sunday, there were still no messages, and Lynne and Kristy spent
the day together at Wet'N Wild, a waterslide theme park.  Lynne laughed to
herself everytime she thought of the name: "Wet'N Wild."
They had dinner together again that night. Lynne had booked a romantic table in
a secluded corner, with candles and plenty of wine. Kirsten was more than tipsy
as they headed up to the night club. Lynne kept buying drinks for Kristy; at one
stage persuading her to skull a couple of Zambucka's. When they danced together
Lynne kept moving close to Kristy, their breasts occasionally touching; their
bodies rubbing against each others on the crowded dance floor.
" Let's go back to my room and have a night cap." Lynne said as they sat
together on a cramped lounge; their knees touching.
" God you've got a great arse." Lynne said to herself as she watched Kristy
walking slightly ahead of her. Lynne hadn't been able to take her eyes off
Kristy all night. She looked so good in a short white skirt and bright red top.
Lynne had found it hard to keep her hands off Kristy too.  At times she hadn't
been able to; she'd held her hand a few times; wrapped her arms around her when
they'd danced. Nothing blatantly sexual; nothing women don't normally do in an
innocent friendship. But Lynne's thoughts of Kristy and what she wanted to do
with her were far from innocent.
When they got to Lynne's room Kristy suggested having drinks in her room
instead. Lynne had everything planned; she didn't know if she could seduce
Kristy; when she was honest with herself she doubted she could. Kristy was an
incredibly sexy woman, but equally and very obviously a very innocent woman; but
it was worth a try.
Lynne had things organised in her room to maximise her chances of seducing her.
" Um.....Okay...." Lynne said, caught off guard.  Kristy made them Tia Maria's
at the bar while Lynne sat on the sofa watching her. " Do you know what I did
last night when I got back to my room?" Kristy said  casually as she handed
Lynne her drink and stood in front of her. Kristy continued before Lynne had the
chance to say anything.
" I was so horny from being with you that I had my hand up my dress before the
door was shut behind me. I watched you through the peep hole. I slid my hand
inside my panties and played with myself while I watched you open your door.
You've got a great arse Lynne; and I love your big tits." Lynne's face turned
red with lust as she watched innocent little Kristy reach up under her skirt
while she spoke.
" I was so fucking horny Lynne. I snuck out and stood in front of your door. I
heard you masturbating; I heard you cum; I heard you call out my name when you
came." Kristy's voice was soft and breathless as her hand moved around under her
skirt. Lynne opened her legs and lifted up her skirt so she could play with
herself while she watched Kristy.
" My cunt was dripping wet Lynne, like it is now. I wanted to cum with you; I
wanted to stick my tongue up your cunt and make you cum; I'd thought about it
since the day I saw you in your Bikini at the pool. I bet you've got a sweet
cunt Lynne; with big cunt lips and a big pink clit." There was a brief silence;
the only sound was the heavy breathing of the two women as their eyes met while
they fingered themselves.
" I called reception." Kristy continued in a panting voice. " I paid a porter
$300 to let me into your room. You were asleep in the bed with your vibrator on
the floor beside you. I wanted so badly to see your wet cunt and your big tits;
but you had the blankets pulled up. I picked your vibrator up off the floor and
licked it. Your juices were still on it and I licked it clean for you. You taste
good Lynne."
" Oh God Kristy....." Lynne moaned loudly as she rubbed her clit while she
watched Kristy doing the same.
" I came like that Lynne. I came while I fingered myself and licked your sweet
cunt juice off your vibrator.....Lynne......"
The two women came together. Lynne thrashing around on the sofa with her legs
spread wide apart and Kristy standing in front of her, her legs threatening to
give way underneath her as she climaxed.  They were locked in a heated
passionate embrace on the sofa before their orgasms had even began to fade. They
made love together on the sofa and then again on the bed; and woke up together
the next morning their bodies still entwined.
They couldn't get enough of each other after that. They spent every moment
together; ate together; slept together; had long sensuous spa baths together.
They made love 4 times on Monday and 5 times on Tuesday, including  once in the
pool late Tuesday night. It was an experience neither woman had encountered
before and neither had imagined a relationship could be so loving and yet so
heated and passionate.
They walked around holding hands oblivious to the looks people gave them. They
danced closely together, their bodies pushing against each others. They sat with
their arms around each other while they played roulette and kissed passionately
while they lied in the sun together at the pool. They even had their own song,
the first one they'd danced to together at Neptune's. They went shopping
together for sexy lingerie they could rip off each others body's later.
In three days they'd become much more than just friends, much more than just
lovers; they'd both fallen in love but neither wanted to be the first to say it.
They were having dinner together Wednesday night at what they now called 'Their'
table. They were onto their third bottle of Chardonnay and were waiting for the
Liqueur menu when Lynne reached out and wrapped her fingers around Kristy's.
She wanted to tell Kristy that she loved her, but she didn't know how to say it.
She'd never imagined she'd fall in love with another woman.  " I know." Kristy
said softly, " Me too."
They sat there staring into each others eyes for a moment, and then they started
giggling like schoolgirls. " What do we do now?" Kristy said smiling widely. " I
have absolutely no idea." Lynne replied, her face lit up as brightly as Kristy's
and they giggled like schoolgirls again.
" I'm a lesbian." Kristy said laughing as she said it.
" Well my little lesbian lover." Lynne said looking into Kristy's eyes.
" Do you want to be a lesbian in your room or mine?"
" I don't care." Kristy replied, her eyes filled with a combination of mischief
and lust. " But I need to be a lesbian NOW !"
They quickly took care of their cheque and walked to the elevators holding
hands. They kissed deeply as the doors closed and the kiss didn't  end until the
elevator doors opened on the 16th floor. A room service waiter almost dropped
the tray he was holding when he saw the two women locked together in a heated
embrace.
" Pity you're a guy or we might have invited you to join us." Kristy said
giggling as they walked passed him. " Did you see the look on his face?" Lynne
said laughing loudly as they got to Kristy's door and fell into each others
arms.
" I want to eat you Lynne." Kristy whispered. " I want to eat your sweet pussy."
" Just give me a minute." Lynne whispered back. " I've got something special I
want to wear for you?"
" What are you up to Lynney?" Kristy asked mischievously.
" You'll see. Just give me a minute."
" Well don't take too long or I'll start without you."
" Well you've done that before Kristy." Kristy poked her tongue out at
Lynne. Then they reluctantly let go of each other and hurriedly opened their
doors. " I think you'll like my little surprise." Lynne said in a soft low
voice. " Well I've got a little surprise for you too." Kristy said teasingly and
then shut her door. " But hurry up." Lynne heard her say from inside her room.
" What's the little surprise?" Trevor asked when Lynne turned the light on.
" What are you doing here?" Lynne stuttered, her mind racing.
" What the fuck business is it of yours. I'm here and it's time to go. So shut
your slut mouth up before I shut it for you."
" I can't go now. Not now...."
" Fine by me slut. I never liked you anyway." Trevor stood up and looked Lynne
up and down with a look of disdain and reached for the door.
" Wait." Lynne said anxiously. " Can you just give me a few minutes?"
" Who the fuck do you think you are bitch?" Trevor said as he turned the handle.
Once again Lynne was in a situation where she had to make a decision with no
time to think. She loved Kristy and desperately wanted to explore her
relationship with her further. Her time with Kristy had been something very
special; maybe it was a woman like Kristy she really wanted all along. Perhaps
what had happened with Kristy over the past few days was just a beginning; the
first days of the new life she'd been searching for.
" Please Trevor?" She begged him. Lynne could see Kristy's door now.  She knew
she was in there, wearing something special just for her; waiting to make love
with her.
" Your little girlfriend is in there waiting for you slut." Trevor said
mockingly. " Making herself all nice and sexy for you. Have fun."
" I'm sorry Sir." Lynne said softly. " I'm ready to go when you are Sir." Lynne
couldn't look at Trevor as they waited for the lift. But she felt his eyes on
her. Even Trevor begrudgingly admitted to himself that she looked good.A
backless knee length cream dress with a plunging "V" neck line; sheer skin toned
stockings that hugged her tanned legs; high heeled cream shoes; and just a touch
of make-up.  Two balding middle-aged men in sports coats and ties stood next to
them waiting for the lift; Trevor looked at them, and then back at Lynne.
" What's a slut like you doing dressed like that?" He said in a voice filled
with contempt. Lynne saw the reaction of the men standing next to her.
" I know they're too good for a whore like me Sir." Lynne forced herself to say.
" But they were provided for me Sir, so I...
" Shut the fuck up whore !"
" Is she um available mate ?" One of them asked Trevor while he looked at Lynne.
" No, amazingly enough she's booked for the night." Trevor said smugly. " It
doesn't happen very often with this one. You're not missing anything. Look at
her; the only thing she's got going for her is that she's cheap. Isn't that
right Lynne ?"
" Yes Sir." Lynne said looking at the man who had asked if she was available. "
I'm not much to look at; but I'm cheap."
" She looks alright to me, " One of the men said " She's fuckable." The other
one added as the lift doors opened.
" You haven't seen her with her make-up or clothes off." Trevor said snidely. "
She's an ugly mole with a fat arse and cellulite. Aren't you Lynne?" They were
in the lift now, and the men stood on each side of Lynne.
" Yes Sir. I'm an ugly whore with a fat arse, but I'm cheap." Lynne's cunt was
getting wetter with each insult.
" How much?" The man persisted.
" You get me for the night for $100; no time limit and I do anything. Anal,
oral; no condoms; and I'll swallow your cum or your piss; I'll do whatever you
want. You could book me for tomorrow night if you want."
" Anything you paid to fuck this slut would be too much." Trevor said as the
doors opened and he walked out of the lift; Lynne followed close behind him.
" Do you want to book me for tomorrow night?" Lynne asked the two men in a
seductive voice.
" No fucking way, sick fucking bitch." One of the men spat at her.
" She is ugly, even with all that make-up on." The other one said as they walked
away. " Yeah, and her arse is fatter than my wifes."
" She's one ugly fucking whore....." Their voices faded as they walked away.
" That's the bloke who wanted to fuck you at the pool, isn't it?" Trevor said
looking down towards the Casino.
" Yes Sir." Lynne answered as she looked up and saw the young blonde guy walking
into a bar near the entrance to the Casino, and wondering how Trevor knew about
that.
Trevor looked at his watch and his face lit up with that smirk that Lynne hated
so much; then he walked off towards the bar; Lynne followed behind him.
Trevor ordered a Bacardi and Coke. " Over there." Lynne's eyes looked in the
direction in which he was pointing. She saw the young blonde guy from the pool
sitting at a table with a group of about 8 or 9 men and women who looked to be
about the same age as him; late teens, early 20s.
" You're little girlfriend's husband interrupted you before you could give him
what he wanted; go and make it up to him; but hurry up or I'll leave without
you. You've got 15 minutes."
" Yes Sir." Lynne replied wondering where she was suppose to fuck him and how
she was suppose to do it in 15 minutes.
" Hi." Lynne said as she stood beside him and rested her hand on the arm of his
chair. " Remember me?"
" Yeah, what do you want?"
" I just wanted to apologise for the other day, I'd like to make it up to you,
can we talk for a minute. I'll make it worth your while." Lynne could feel the
eyes of the others in the group on her.
" Fuck off bitch." A very young and very attractive woman with long blonde hair
said as she wrapped her arm around the man Lynne was suppose to fuck in the next
15 minutes. " Jason's with me you old mole."
" Yeah piss off. I was just trying to be friendly the other day. You don't
really think I was interested in a fat old cow like you do you?" The others
laughed and muttered comments about her. One of the men made a mooing sound and
they all laughed louder.
" I really will make it worth your while Jason. Please, just come and talk to me
for a minute."
" How fucking stupid are you? " Jason said still laughing at her. " Why would I
go off with an old whore bag like you when I've got a hot babe like
Melissa......."
" I'm sorry." Lynne said softly as she walked back towards Trevor to a chorus of
moo's and snide remarks. " I'm sorry Sir, he doesn't want me."
" I don't blame him; but try again; you've got 12 minutes."  Lynne looked over
and saw Jason walking towards the Men's room and quickly followed him. She
hesitated for an instant, took a deep breath and pushed the door to the Men's
room open and went in. Jason and three other men were standing at the urinal.
" What the fuck......" One of the men said when he saw her.
" Here, let me help you." Lynne said as she gently took Jason's cock in here
hand and watched the urine spurting against the porcelain. Jason didn't say
anything for a few seconds, but despite the fact he was urinating, he began to
get an erection.
" You can come and help me." One of the other men said.
" Me too." Another added.
" Come into one of the stalls and I'll suck you off. I can give you a better
head job than that 19 yo empty headed bimbo. Here I'll show you." A small stream
of urine was still spurting out of the eye of Jason's cock when Lynne knelt down
and put it in her mouth. It was hot and acidic and burnt the back of her throat
as she swallowed it; but his cock was soon almost fully erect.
" Shit !" Was all Jason could say. The other men watching could think of nothing
to say.
Suddenly Lynne was dragged to her feet. Two huge dark skinned men in Security
uniforms lifted her almost off her feet. " Is she with you?" One of them asked
Jason in a deep threatening voice.
" No." Jason replied like a frightened schoolboy. " I don't know who she is.
She's been hassling me all night. I think she must be a prostitute or
something."
" Get back out on the street where you belong you fucking whore." The Security
Guard said in disgust. Lynne could feel hundreds of people watching her as she
was half led half dragged out of the men's toilet.  They quickly whisked her
away and outside to a rear entrance full of dumpsters and empty boxes. They
threw her onto the cement next to a pile of garbage bags. " Next time we call
the cops." Was all the Security Guards said before they closed the door on the
trash outside.
" Shit." Lynne swore to herself. She looked up and saw the headlights of a car
bearing down on her. She quickly crawled across the concrete and a black van
pulled up where she had been laying. Trevor got out of the passengers side,
opened the door to the back of the van, threw her in and slammed the door shut.
The back of the van was empty, the windows blacked out, a petition separated her
from whoever was in the front. Lynne curled up in a corner of the van, relieved
that Trevor hadn't gone without her.
She couldn't stop herself. Her hand reached up under her dress, under the
elastic of her lace panties and she slid a finger inside herself, climaxing as
she felt it slide into her hot wet cunt. Her orgasm was intense but she made no
noises when she came.
After she calmed down she closed her eyes and curled up and thought about
Kristy. It was sitting alone in the van like that when it first occurred to
Lynne that they could have set up the whole thing with Kristy.
Perhaps they even played the odds and put up the young blonde guy, David and
Kristy hoping she'd fall for one of them. They'd played her so well so many
times before Lynne knew they were capable of just about anything. But something
inside her told her that the feelings she had for Kristy, and the feelings
Kristy had for her were genuine. That no one could plan what had happened
between them. That not even the Blonde Woman could manipulate people's emotions
like that.
Then her thoughts turned to Kristy again; waiting for her and then going to her
room when she didn't come back. She could see Kristy curled up on her bed crying
and asking why. And Lynne started to cry quietly too.  She'd given up her
husband and now she'd given up Kristy.
The tears stopped as quickly as they'd started. Lynne had given up a lot to
pursue a life as The Blonde Woman's slave; but it was a reflection of how
consumed she was with the desire to pursue that life style. She would have loved
to have spent more time with Kristy, a lot more time; but Lynne knew in her
heart and in her soul what she really wanted most out of life, and that was to
become a slave. That's why she left her husband and why she abandoned Kristy.
Her feelings for them wouldn't change, but there'd be no more tears over either
of them.
The van stopped suddenly and Lynne slid across the painted metal floor in the
back of the van and landed heavily against the petition behind the drivers seat.
The door slid open and Trevor smiled when he saw Lynne spread eagle on the floor
in the back of the van. " Get out."
Lynne crawled over towards the door and Trevor reached in and grabbed her and
pulled her out. She landed on the grassy nature strip of a well lit suburban
street. " Get up." Lynne got to her feet and brushed some leaves and grass off
her arms and tried to straighten her dress.  Trevor walked up the path of a
block of flats and Lynne quickly followed behind him. Flat 3 was on the ground
floor and Trevor knocked on the door. " On your knees slut." Trevor demanded and
Lynne quickly got down on her hands and knees on the dirty concrete.
" Is that her?" Trevor asked.
" Yes. That's her." Jayne replied angrily.
Trevor walked into flat 3, and Lynne crawled in behind him when he told her to,
her head down, her eyes on the floor so she wouldn't have to look at Jayne.
" I told you this would be worth your time Jayne." Trevor said smugly.
" Get your slut arse over here." Trevor demanded.
Lynne could feel their eyes on her as she crawled over towards them.  She hadn't
looked at Jayne since she'd first seen her; but she knew she'd have to look at
her now. She slowly lifted her head until her eyes met Jayne's, and she felt a
wave of shame and humiliation wash over her when she saw the look on Jayne's
face.
" I knew you were a slut the minute I saw you." Jayne spat her words at Lynne.
And Lynne looked into Jayne's eyes the whole time. Jayne didn't look as
attractive as she did in the gift shop. She was wearing a short blue denim
skirt, a Bronco's T-shirt and a pair of sandals. Her long brown hair was pulled
back in a pony tail. She looked a lot better in the black skirt and white blouse
she wore in the gift shop. She looked a lot better with the make-up caked on her
face and her hair down over her shoulders. But as different as Jayne looked now
was as nothing compared to how different Lynne looked now.
" Lynne's one of ours and she had no right to treat you the way she did.  Of
course we've arranged for you to have your job back and the money I gave you
earlier is our way of apologising for her behaviour, but Lynne would like to
apologise to you herself."
" One of your what?" Jayne had thought to herself but she was still finding it
hard to speak. It was difficult to tell which of the two women was more
uncomfortable at the scenario unfolding. Jayne's face was a shade or two redder
than Lynne's.
" I'm sorry Miss." Lynne said softly, making herself look Jayne in the eye.
" I 'm just a cheap slut and I had no right to treat a lady like you the way I
did. A pathetic whore like me isn't  fit to be in the same room as a lady like
you Miss, I know that. But I want to show you how sorry I am for treating you
the way I did. I'll do anything to show you how sorry I am Miss,
anything......You should punish me Miss; you should whip my fat slut arse for
what I did. Please punish me Miss."
As Lynne humiliated herself on the floor of Jayne's flat she knew she'd done the
right thing in leaving her husband and abandoning Kristy. For whatever reason,
as inexplicable as it all was, this was the life Lynne wanted.
" Please let me do something to show you how sorry I am Miss."
" What are  you....?" Jayne said with a mixture of disgust and contempt, but
more than a hint of intrigue as well.
" I'm what ever you want me to be Miss."
" Is she a whore....?" Jayne asked Trevor as she grabbed a cigarette off the
small coffee table beside the couch.
" Some might call her a whore, but she's much more than that. She'll do whatever
you want her to do, not for money but because she knows that's all she's good
for."
" This is so weird." Jayne said nervously.
" Lynne's very good with her tongue Jayne." Trevor said."Show her Lynne.
I'll leave you with her, just put her outside when you've finished with her.
She'll do anything you tell her to."
Lynne lent forward and began licking Jayne's feet. At first Jayne wanted to pull
her feet away, but she didn't. She watched on with a mixture of emotions as
Lynne's tongue lapped hungrily at her feet and between her toes. She tapped her
cigarette making the ash fall into Lynne's hair.
" Thank you miss." Lynne said when she felt the ash on her hair and the back of
her neck. " I'll be your ashtray Miss, use me as your ashtray." Her tongue never
stopped lapping at Jayne's feet or sucking on her toes as she spoke.
" I should make you kiss my arse." Jayne said as she flicked more ash on Lynne.
" I should make you stick your tongue up my arse like you tired to make me."
" Oh yes please Miss." Lynne panted. " I'd love to kiss your beautiful arse, and
to stick my tongue deep inside your arsehole. Please let me stick my tongue up
your arse for you Miss."
Jayne kicked Lynne away. " Get out." She yelled. " You make me sick, now get
out."
" Yes Miss." Lynne said meekly and she crawled towards the door.
" Wait a minute." Jayne said, her voice shaking nervously as she stepped out of
her cotton panties and threw them at Lynne. " Put them in your mouth."
" Thank you Miss." Lynne said as she grabbed Jayne's panties off the floor and
stuffed them into her mouth. Jayne went into the kitchenette and grabbed a
bottle of Vodka from a cupboard and took two big gulps and then lit another
cigarette as she watched Lynne chewing on her panties. She could tell Lynne was
enjoying it; enjoying eating her dirty panties. She took another gulp from the
bottle of Vodka.  Lynne slid a hand up her dress and started playing with
herself. Jayne felt her body respond to the sight of Lynne on the floor. She
took another gulp on the bottle of Vodka.
" Come here you little whore." Jayne said in a desperate voice as she lent over
the kitchen bench, come here and kiss my arse.
Lynne crawled over to Jayne, took her panties out her mouth and knelt up so as
she could reach Jayne's arse. She felt Jayne's body respond as she kissed the
cheeks of her arse and licked her way closer to her arse hole.
When Lynne stabbed Jayne's arse hole with her tongue she moaned loudly. " Stick
it right up inside me." Jayne panted.
Lynne wasn't sure how many times Jayne came fingering herself while she had her
tongue up here arse; but Jayne's face was flushed and her breathing deep and
heavy when she finally pushed Lynne away and told her to get out. Jayne wasn't
sure how many time's she had cum either.
When Lynne and Trevor were gone Jayne sat alone on the couch in her little flat
smoking cigarettes and drinking from the bottle of Vodka. In the months and
years to come, Jayne would spend many nights masturbating with an anal vibrator
while she remembered the night she came with Lynne's tongue up her arse.
Half an hour after Lynne was on the floor in Jayne's flat she was on a plane,
blindfolded and with a ball gag in her mouth. Two and a half hours after that
she was kneeling at the feet of The Blonde Woman. She'd bathed and dressed into
her little white Slave Girl Outfit, and put on a lot of make-up, the way she
knew The Blonde Woman liked it.
It felt so good to be back with her Mistress, to be curled up on the floor at
her feet."You've been a busy little slut while you've been away Lynne." The
Mistress said, obviously amused at what Lynne had been up too.
" I'm sorry if I did anything wrong Mistress."
" I'm going out in a few minutes Lynne, but I want to see you have an orgasm.
Hurry up and get yourself off for me."
" Yes Mistress. Thank you Mistress." Lynne said as she quickly rolled onto her
back and lifted up her little Slave Skirt. Her cunt was wet from just seeing her
Mistress and lying at her feet. She pulled her lips apart with one hand and
rubbed her clit with the other as she looked up at her Mistress.
" Hurry up Lynne."
Lynne didn't need to be told to hurry up. Her orgasm was already building inside
her as she rubbed her wet and swollen clit. " I'm cumming Mistress.....I'm
cumm....." Lynne's words were cut off by the loud grunting and moaning noises
she made as she came on the floor at her Mistresses feet. >
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 25: THE ULTIMATE HUMILIATION.
" Hurry up Lynne."
Lynne didn't need to be told to hurry up. Her orgasm was already building inside
her as she rubbed her wet and swollen clit. " I'm cumming Mistress.....I'm
cumm....." Lynne's words were cut off by the loud grunting and moaning noises
she made as she came on the floor at her Mistresses feet.
Lynne was still writhing on the floor in ecstasy when two men grabbed her by the
arms and dragged her from the room. She begged them to let her go through the
haze and desperation of her orgasm but they ignored her. She still had a finger
inside herself and was still making cum noises as the two men began to carry her
down the stairs. By the time they reached the first landing Lynne's orgasm was
lost, and the only noises she made now were the pathetic whimpering sounds. The
noises that only a cheap slut denied the full enjoyment of an orgasm can make.
Lynne was still panting and whining like a dog on heat when they threw her onto
a cold hard concrete floor. "You can use 'The Dog' if you want." One of the men
said before he shut a large oak door and locked it from the outside. Lynne was
still breathing heavily as she looked around a room she hadn't seen before. It
was about 20' X 20' with a bare concrete floor and concrete block walls. There
was a double bed in one corner and a Dog kennel in the other with a whipping
post in the middle and a few other devices of torture around the room; one wall
had whips and ropes and chains and an assortment of other items hanging off it.
Lynne heard a noise and looked over toward the dog kennel as a woman crawled out
of it. " Would you like to use me Mistress?" A woman said in a submissive voice.
Lynne looked at her, but didn't recognise her at first.
" Therese ?"
" I don't have a name anymore Mistress. I'm only 'The Dog'. I'm here to serve
the slaves. That's all I'm good for, I'm your slave Mistress, and you can use me
in any way you choose."
Lynne looked at Therese, the woman The Mistress had bought at the
auction that no one else wanted. She was on her hands and knees in
front of her kennel, wearing only G-string panties and a skimpy bra; both
made out of a light brown imitation fur; and a black flea collar around
her neck. Her tits were larger than Lynne remembered, and her short
dark brown hair was now just a spiky crew cut,
" What have they done to you......"
" They've found a use for me Mistress." Therese said smiling. Lynne remembered
her as a reasonably attractive woman, and although Lynne found it hard to use
the word attractive to describe the way Therese looked now; she liked the way
she looked.
As she looked over at Therese Lynne realised more than ever that there was no
point trying to analyse why she was the way she was; why she enjoyed being
treated like a cheap whore; why she wanted to be a slave.
Therese had willingly submitted herself to the ultimate humiliation. She was a
slave for the slaves; and was now called 'The Dog.' But it was what she wanted;
it was how she wanted to be treated. By what right should anybody judge her. She
was hurting no one; and what validity could be placed on the argument that she
was hurting herself? She was a mature, intelligent and educated woman with a
degree in psychology. Does she not have the right to choose her own life,
whether others feel she is hurting herself or not. Therese was truly happy being
'The Dog.' It satisfied all her needs and she felt fulfilled as a person. How
many 'normal' people are truly happy ? How many 'normal' people lead lives that
fulfill them. Lynne wasn't going to judge Therese and didn't care if others
chose to judge her.
" What can I do to please you Mistress?" Therese, now known only as 'The Dog'
asked softly. " You can eat my cunt Dog. That's what you can do for me." Lynne's
orgasm had been interrupted, but now she had the woman known as "The Dog" to
take care of that for her.
" Yes Mistress." Therese replied quickly as she crawled over towards where Lynne
was lying on the floor.
" Not on the floor you stupid bitch." Lynne snapped at her.
"On the bed."
" Yes Mistress."  Therese helped Lynne up and followed her over to the bed.
Lynne lied on her back with her feet still on the floor. Therese knelt between
her legs and buried her face in Lynne's wet crotch.
" Lick my arse hole." Lynne demanded and Therese obeyed. Lynne enjoyed Therese's
tongue on her cunt and up her arse for as long as she could hold out for. " I
want to cum now Dog." Lynne panted desperately as she pushed Therese's head away
and got up on her hands and knees on the bed with her arse in Therese's face. "
Now stick your tongue up my arse as far as you can Dog." Lynne moaned as she
reached between her legs and rubbed her clit.
" Oh Fuck. That's it Dog. Stick your tongue right up my arse hole. Yes that's it
Dog.....That's a good Dog..." Lynne screamed out when she came. She buried her
face in the bed calling out for The Dog to lick her arse hole as her orgasm
ripped through her body. Lynne's orgasm was so intense, so ferocious that she
lost all control and urinated on the bed.
Eventually the sheer brutality of her orgasm eased and she reached behind her
and pushed 'The Dog' away, and enjoyed the last moments of pleasure on her own,
then she collapsed exhausted on the bed.
" Fuck that was incredible......" Lynne panted after a while and she rolled over
to look down at Therese who was curled up on the floor looking up at her
Mistress.
" Did I please you Mistress?" Therese asked meekly. " If I fail to please
you, you can advise your Mistress and she will have me thrown out on
the Streets. I will not be given any second chances, you're Mistress made
that very clear; and you or any of the other slaves can have me thrown
out on the street when ever you want. Please don't have me thrown out
on the street Mistress. I am yours to do with as you please Mistress; I'll
do anything you want, anything "
" You pleased me Dog." Therese's face lit up for a moment. Living day to day on
the whim of the other slaves was a humiliating and nerve wracking existence for
the woman known as 'The Dog.' But it thrilled her in a way she'd never
experienced before. Lynne could tell from looking at her that Therese was a
woman who had found where she belonged.
" Stand up and give me a look at you Dog." Therese stood up immediately and
turned around slowly so Lynne could look at her. Lynne noticed the word Slave
tattooed on her right arse cheek and just above her right shoulder blade.
" Take off your bra and panties." Therese stepped out of her imitation fur
panties and unhooked her bra and threw them towards her kennel. Her cunt was
shaved and the tip of her clit poked out between her gleaming wet lips. Her tits
were only average in size but still sagged a little; her nipples were small but
stiff and a deep pink colour, her arse was nice, but she could lose a few
pounds.
" You've got a bit of a fat arse, and your tits droop a bit."
"  I'm sorry about my fat arse and droopy tits Mistress. I'm doing everything I
can to lose some weight and improve myself so as I am more appealing to my
Mistress's."
" Well you better hurry up and lose some weight off your fat arse. I don't like
it. "
" Yes Mistress, I will Mistress."
Lynne enjoyed insulting and belittling Therese; but in truth, she was attracted
to her and she liked her.
" I'd like to see you cum Therese."
" How would you like me to make myself cum for you Mistress?"
" I don't care.....just lie there and finger yourself....."
" Yes Mistress." Therese said passively as she spread her legs and quickly
shoved two fingers up herself.
" May I stick a finger up my arse Mistress?"
" Yes Dog, you may."
Therese slid the middle finger of her other hand up her arse hole. Lynne watched
as Therese's  finger quickly disappeared all the way up to the knuckle. She
watched as 'The Dog' quickly brought herself to the brink of orgasm.
" May I cum for you now Mistress." Therese asked breathlessly.
" No, not yet. " Lynne said in an annoyed voice. "You cum too easily. I want to
watch you play with yourself some more."
" Yes Mistress." Therese panted trying not to cum. Lynne watched as Therese
stuck four fingers up herself, and then her thumb as well.
" May I stick my hand up my cunt please Mistress?" Therese's voice was shaking,
and filled with desperation.
" Yes." Lynne watched Therese's fingers disappear up her cunt; watched the
expression  on her face." Stick your whole hand up your dirty big cunt." Lynne
said in a suddenly heated voice, her own passion building again.
Therese's face contorted with a mixture of pleasure and pain as she forced her
hand up inside herself, until only her wrist was visible.
" Do you like having your hand up your cunt Dog, your whole hand up your dirty
cunt." Lynne panted.
" Yes Mistress, I love it."
" Do you want to cum now Dog?"
" I want to cum when you want me to Mistress. I want to cum for you." Lynne
watched Therese fisting herself and trying to hold back her orgasm. Lynne had
seen video's of women who could fist themselves, or have someone do it to them;
but she'd never seen any one actually do it.  Watching Therese do it made her
own cunt drip. She licked her fingers and started rubbing her clit.
" Cum when I tell you to Dog." Lynne moaned.
" Yes Mistress."
Lynne reached behind herself and slid a finger up her arse while she rubbed her
clit furiously; her eyes fixed on the woman on the floor in front of her with
her whole hand up her cunt.
" Now Therese, cum now......"
" Yes Mistress." Therese cried out. " I'm cumming for you Mistress...."
The two women came together, screaming and grunting and crying out as they
thrashed around on the floor and the bed. Lynne watched Therese with her hand up
her cunt the whole time she came; " She's got her hand up her cunt. The slut's
got her whole hand up her cunt " Lynne panted over and over as she writhed
around on the bed.
She was completely and totally exhausted when her orgasm was finally over, and
drifted off to sleep; the image of Therese with her hand up her cunt and only
her wrist visible still in her mind; but it was images of Kristy that filled her
dreams.
When she awoke Therese had covered her with a  blanket and was lying on the
floor beside her watching her.
" Is there anything I can do for you Mistress?"
" No Therese, you've done more than enough." Lynne said smiling at her.
Suddenly the door burst open and Monica walked in dressed as Rebecca used to
dress; big black leather boots; a black leather skirt and bra; and carrying a
crop. The crop smacked loudly on Therese's arse.
" Get in your fucking  kennel Dog." Therese scurried across the floor and into
her kennel.
" Hi Monica..." Lynne said sitting up and smiling at her.
" Shut up slut." Monica snapped at her and Lynne grunted as the crop hit the
soft skin of her bare arse. " Get up." The crop bit into Lynne's skin three more
times as she quickly got to her feet.
" Bend over bitch." Monica's voice was filled with anger. Lynne bent over with
her hands on her knees and quickly felt the sting of the crop on her arse again.
" Don't speak to me like that you slut."
" I'm sorry Miss." Lynne said through the pain. " Please I'm sorry..."
She felt the sting of the crop a few more times before Monica told her to stand
up. Lynne had thought Monica was her friend; but she knew now she had no friends
in this world.
" I'm sorry Miss." Lynne said again out of fear of the crop as she stood up and
faced Monica. She winced as the crop slapped hard against the inside of her
thigh.
" Shut the fuck up slut." Lynne saw the look in Monica's eye and knew better
than to say she was sorry again; to say anything again. " Bend over again slut,
you obviously need to be taught how to shut up." Monica grabbed Lynne and bent
her over the bed; her hands resting on the bed; with her arse up in the air.
Lynne closed her eyes and tensed her body waiting for the sting of the crop on
her arse. But instead of a searing pain she felt the tip of the crop gently
running up the inside of her thighs and over the cheeks of her arse.
" When a slut like you is told to shut up Lynne, you  do just that until you're
told you can speak. Do you understand?" Monica's voice was different this time,
softer with a hint of tenderness.
" Yes Miss, I understand." The crop smacked hard against the soft skin of
Lynne's arse and she cried out.
" You weren't given permission to speak slut." The crop hit her again, on the
inside of her thigh this time.
" You obviously don't understand Lynne; but I like that, because I like hitting
your fat arse with the crop. And you have got a fat arse, haven't you Lynne? "
Lynne hadn't been given permission to talk, but she yelped as the crop stung her
again. " I asked you a question slut. You answer when you're asked a question."
The crop struck her on the arse three times in quick succession. " Yes Miss,
I've got a fat arse. A big fat slut arse."
There was no right way to respond; if she didn't answer she'd be punished for
not answering; if she did answer she'd be punished for talking without
permission.
" Come with me little whore." Monica said and Lynne stood up and followed her to
the door. " On your knee's slut, where you belong."
Lynne crawled behind Monica as she led her through the familiar corridors and
into one of the bathrooms she had used before.
" Prepare her." Monica said to Cherie. " The Mistress wants to see her."
" Yes Miss." Cherie answered politely, her head bowed. " She's become a real
fucking bitch since The Mistress let her take over from Rebecca as her
assistant. She's worse than Rebecca was. Bitch."
Cherie was dressed in the little French Maid costume that Kelly used to wear.
Kelly and Rebecca were gone, they'd been sold at the Auction.  Cherie and Monica
now filled the roles that the other women once did.
Cherie bathed Lynne, dried her and sprayed her body with a sweetly scented
perfume. Then she dressed her in a clean white Slave Girl outfit, and painted
her face with a lot of dark make-up. The collar and leash were put on her when
Monica returned.
Lynne crawled in silence behind Monica, her head bowed as she was led down some
corridors. Monica told her to stand up when they reached a doorway which Lynne
didn't remember having seen before. Monica put a blindfold and a ball gag on her
before leading her into the room and having her kneel on the floor.
" You certainly had a good time up on the Gold Coast. Didn't you little slut?"
The Mistress said in that voice of hers. Lynne got wet just listening to The
Blonde Woman talk. " I wonder what your little lesbian lover is doing now?  Do
you still wish to give yourself to me as my slave?"
Lynne nodded her head in the direction of The Mistress's voice. Monica removed
Lynne's blindfold, and Cherie removed Kristy's blindfold. The two lovers stared
at each other in utter amazement. They were both in the same little white Slave
Girl outfits. Both were on their knees facing the other just a few feet away.
The woman they both wanted as their Mistress sat looking at them kneeling at her
feet.
The Mistress laughed quietly. She enjoyed the confused and bewildered
expressions on the faces of the two sluts at her feet.
" You were both sent up there for the same reason. I didn't plan for you to fall
for each other and become little lesbian lovers; but it amuses me that you did."
The Mistress paused while she enjoyed watching the two women looking at each
other.
" The problem of course is that I don't want or need two more slaves; I only
want one. Are either of you prepared to withdraw and let the other become my
slave?"
" No Mistress." Kristy said quickly.
" Me either Mistress." Lynne added before Kristy had finished.
" I didn't expect either of you would. You're both selfish little sluts with a
lot to learn. So who should I choose to be my new Slave?"
" Choose me Mistress, I'll do anything to please you." Kristy pleaded.
" I'll do anything to please you too Mistress." Lynne  said, annoyed that she'd
let Kristy speak first again.
" Why should I choose you over Lynne, Kristy?"
" Because I'm younger than her Mistress, I'm prettier and I have a better body.
She's got a fat arse and her tits sag." Lynne glared at the woman she'd thought
she'd fallen in love with.
" Why should I choose you over Kristy, Lynne ?"
" Because she's flat chested and plain looking. Without all the  make-up she
wears she's not attractive at all.  But more importantly, I just know I can
please you better than she ever could." Kristy glared at Lynne the way she had
glared at her.
" I thought you two were lovers?" The Mistress said in a mocking tone.
" That was a mistake Mistress." Lynne said quickly.
" The biggest mistake I've ever made." Kristy added bitterly.
" Enough. Your little lovers quarrel doesn't interest me." The Mistress
interrupted. " I only want one of you and I don't  care which it is. So we'll
have a little contest. The winner gets to be my slave. The fate of the loser
will be in the hands of the winner."
The Mistress paused for a moment, Lynne and Kristy were too confused to
comprehend what was going on; and what the Mistress had meant.
" There will be 13 rounds in the contest; which has started already ." The
Mistress said smugly.
Lynne and Kristy looked at each other with a mixture of expressions, neither had
taken any notice of much else. Both were still in a daze, neither had yet
recovered from finding out about the other.
They were in the room with the couch in front of the fire place where Lynne had
done things with Lexy and where Kristy had entertained her husband and The
Mistress  with a large Doberman. Neither had taken any notice of The Mistress's
comment about the contest having already started either; until the sound of a
familiar voice from the corner of the room attracted their attention away from
each other.
"  You've been a busy little slut while you've been away Kristy." The Mistress's
voice came from a large Television in the corner of the room.
The image on the screen was of Kristy on the floor at The Mistress's feet.
" I'm sorry Mistress."  Kristy looked at herself and listened to herself.
" I'm going out in a few minutes Kristy, but I want to see you have an orgasm.
Hurry up and get yourself off for me."
" Yes Mistress. " Lynne watched Kristy  roll onto her back and lift up her
little Slave Skirt; just as she had done.  The image was paused with a close up
of Kristy's wet cunt on the screen.
" The winner here was the one who came the quickest for me." The Mistress said
and the image of Kristy on the screen continued as  she slid two fingers inside
herself and rubbed her clit with her other.
" Hurry up Kristy." The Mistress's voice.
" I'm cumming Mistress.....I'm cumming for you....." Kristy's body arched and
she grunted loudly as she came. The image on the screen suddenly changed and
Lynne was on the floor at the Mistress's feet.
" You've been a busy little slut while you've been away Lynne." The Mistress's
voice.
" I'm sorry if I did anything wrong Mistress."
" I'm going out in a few minutes Lynne, but I want to see you have an orgasm.
Hurry up and get yourself off for me."
" Yes Mistress. Thank you Mistress." Lynne and Kristy watched the image on the
screen as Lynne quickly rolled onto her back and lifted up her little Slave
Skirt. They watched her pull her cunt lips apart with one hand and rub her clit
with the other.
" Hurry up Lynne."  The Mistress's voice, the same as she'd said to Kristy.
" I'm cumming Mistress.....I'm cumm....." Lynne's words were cut off by the loud
grunting and moaning noises she made as she came, and then the screen went
blank.
" Who came the quickest for me?" The Mistress teased them with the question.
Neither Kristy or Lynne were sure. They'd both cum very quickly, as all the
slaves did for their Mistress; but who came quickest?
" One of you have a point already. That leaves 12 points to be taken" The
Mistress said teasing them again. " Get them out of here."
Monica and Cherie led the two women from the room. They were both running the
images through their minds as they were led down the stairs and corridors and
into the cage room. Lynne was put into the same cage they'd always put her in.
Kirsty was put in the cage beside her; the one Monica used to be in.
The two women sat on their bunks staring at each other through the bars that
separated them. " I came quicker." Kristy said in a spiteful voice.
" I don't think so." Lynne snapped back; but she was unconvincing; she hated to
admit it, but she thought that Kristy had cum quicker too.
" I'm going to enjoy deciding your fate when I win this little contest."
Kristy said bitterly.
" I've seen you without your make-up on Kristy. I'll be the one deciding your
fate."
" And I've seen you without a bra on and your tits hanging down around your
knees you old whore." Kristy snapped back.
" I seem to remember one flat chested slut who couldn't keep her eyes or her
hands off my tits." Lynne said smugly.
Kristy was about to hit back with a comment about how unappealing
Lynne's "big fat slut arse" was when she saw Lynne bolt from her bunk
and kneel at the door to her cage. " Shit." Kristy swore to herself. She
hadn't heard the door to the cage room open, or heard the people
walking in; and Lynne had been the first to assume the position on her
knees at the door to her cage; Kristy quickly did the same,
" These are the two I was telling you about Zaheer." The Mistress said to a dark
skinned man in an expensive three piece suite. A slim and attractive Asian woman
with long black hair followed behind him. She was dressed in only a pair of
leather G-string panties and a set of shiny silver nipple clamps; the chain
looped down below her breasts and swayed slightly as she walked; the clamps
firmly attached to her nipples.
Cherie walked in after the Asian woman, she was  completely naked except for a
gold chain around her waist and a shiny gold ring in her clitoris.
" What do you think they would  be worth at the markets in Pakistan or Iran,
Zaheer? Which of them is worth the most ?"

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 26.  THE VALUATION.

Cherie walked in after the Asian woman, she was  completely naked except for a
gold chain around her waist and a shiny gold ring in her clitoris.
" What do you think they would  be worth at the markets in Pakistan or Iran,
Zaheer? Which of them is worth the most ?"
Zaheer looked at the two women on their knees in their cages. He had been
involved in the Slave Trade in Asia and the Middle East all his life, as had his
father before him.  He had gained a reputation for supplying the best women of
any of  the Traders. His clients seldom bothered with the markets in Lahore or
Tehran.
Anyone with the money to pay has no trouble purchasing an Asian or Negro woman
at any of the markets around the world. Even the lowly ranked street markets in
places like Riyadh or Lusaka have more dark skinned women for sale than
customers to buy them. The serious collectors of women; and those wanting a
'White Woman' contact Zaheer.
Unlike most involved in the " White Slave Trade"; Zaheer does not acquire his
stock by kidnapping European or American women who are back-packing across Asia
or South America. There are those who are more than willing to sell their young
daughters into a life of Slavery.  Some do it out of pure greed, others out of
perceived necessity. A man with a dozen children all living in poverty can bring
up 11 children in wealth and prosperity.
The Society in Australia and like minded organisations around the world are also
useful sources of women for Zaheer. That was why he was more than happy to give
The Blonde Woman a valuation on Lynne and Kristy.
Cherie opened the doors to their cages and had them stand side by side in front
of Zaheer. " Neither of them are in the same class as this beautiful creature."
Zaheer said as he ran his finger across Cherie's cheek and down over her chest
and stomach. His voice was deep and his English was excellent; his accent was
more Oxford than Sri Lankan.
" Few women are in the same class as Cherie." The Blonde Woman said proudly as
she watched Zaheer admire her slave.
" I don't remember her being decorated in this way." Zaheer said as he flicked
the gold ring in Cherie's clitoris.
" That was only done recently. Most women look better with their clothes on,
like these two." The Blonde woman said looking at Lynne and Kristy.  " But
Cherie is an exception. I like to have her naked most of the time, and the ring
in her clitoris just adds to her beauty; don't you agree?"
" I most certainly do." Zaheer said as he watched Cherie begin to squirm as he
played with the ring in her clitoris.
" You're more than welcome to have her while your in town Zaheer." The Blonde
Woman said.
" That's very kind of you." Zaheer replied." And for what it's worth in exchange
you can have her." He gestured to the Asian woman. " But it is a rather unfair
exchange in my favour I'm afraid. You can buy the likes of her for a carton of
American cigarettes in parts of Thailand or Indonesia."
" She's quite beautiful Zaheer." The Blonde Woman said admiring the young Asian
women.
" Common beauty." Zaheer said dismissively. " But I have a client here in Sydney
with a preference for Asian women. He uses the less attractive one's in his
Brothels I believe. I bought her and five others like her in Bangkok  last week. 
I'll give her to my client as an incentive to buy the other five. I'm not an
unreasonable man to do business with." He said smiling.
Zaheer had been flicking and pulling on the ring in Cherie's clitoris while he
spoke. Her clitoris was now swollen and her lips glistened with her juices.
" She's quite a distraction." Cherie's face was flushed and her hips swayed
slightly as he pulled on the ring in her clitoris. " I look forward to using her
later; but business before pleasure." He let go of the Gold ring and turned his
attention to Lynne and Kristy who had stood there in silence while they listened
to The Mistress and Zaheer talk about women as if they were commodities to be
sold or traded or given away.
" Have either of them been with child?" Zaheer asked as he looked at Lynne and
Kristy with an air of disdain.
" No." The Blonde Woman replied.
" Good. It is not the role of women like this to breed, their purpose in life is
to serve and to entertain. Women like these who have born children are next to
worthless? Breeding is the role which virtuous women serve." Lynne and Kristy
exchanged nervous and spiteful glances.
" Have they been de-sexed?"
" No, not yet."
" I would have them de-sexed before I sold them. You don't want women like these
two breeding. Do you have reputable and verifiable Medical Certificates for them
?"
" Yes, they're both disease free Zaheer."
" Good. You get very little for women with no verifiable Medical Certificates.
This one." Zaheer said pointing at Lynne. " Is obviously older than the other
one."
" She's 32." The Blonde Woman said.
" And this one." Pointing at Kristy.
" 26."
" They're both attractive women, quite pleasant to the eye; but neither of them
are what one would describe as beautiful or striking in any way; and neither of
them are blonde, which is unfortunate. You can almost name your own price for
attractive blonde women in some parts of the world."
Lynne and Kristy felt his eyes on them; and listened to the way he talked about
them. His voice was cold, aloof; The voice of a man who bought and sold women
for a living. Zaheer frightened them in a way neither of them had been
frightened before.
"The woman you call Lynne has very dark hair which lessons her value
considerably. Asian and Negro women have dark hair; it's very common.  The other
one has light brown hair; but it's a nothing colour; neither dark nor blonde. Of
course you could bleach their hair but both would be worth significantly more if
they were natural blondes."
He paused for a moment and ran his cold eyes over them again.
" They're both flawed in their general appearance; a fact they both acknowledge
by the way they try to hide their inadequacies with make-up and unnatural hair
styles. Particularly so with this one." He said looking at Kristy. "  They're
body shapes are not what they should be and their skin though tanned and
relatively smooth has imperfections. It's better to not have them tanned too
much; in most cases the 'whiter' they look the more they're worth. In the case
of these two that is most definitely true."
"Both women are definitely saleable, but neither would fetch unusually
significant amounts. I've found buyers for women far less appealing than these
two; but both would be worth more on the sub-continent market;
Pakistan or India, perhaps Thailand as well. Most white women are being sold
into the wealthy Arab countries at the moment so there is a shortage on the
sub-continent. As a result, the prices being paid for average looking  white
women is somewhat inflated."
A cocktail of emotions ran through Lynne and Kristy as they stood there while
Zaheer tried to put a value on them. Fear, embarrassment, humiliation, mixed
with excitement and arousal. They both suspected that this was part of the
contest; that the woman Zaheer decided was worth the most would receive a point
in the contest that would decide their fate. The Mistress hadn't said as much,
but they were both sure that there was a point at stake in all this.
"On first impressions." Zaheer said in a measured tone. " This one you call
Kristy is worth twice as much as the one you call Lynne. She's younger, thinner,
and her hair is of a much lighter colour; but first impressions are often wrong
when you're assessing a woman's worth.  Quite often the closer you look at a
woman the less you like what you see; or the more you like what you didn't see
before. One must always take one's time when assessing a woman's worth." Zaheer
looked at Lynne, and then at Kristy, and then at the Blonde Woman.
" I would like to see both of them without all this cosmetic camouflage they
wear."
" See to it Cherie, and then take them into the display room and wait for us
there. " The Blonde Woman said as the Asian Woman scurried across the concrete
floor to open the door for them.
" Women who don't need make-up to mask their inadequacies are rare, so that in
itself is not a significant problem, just an observation." Zaheer said to the
Blonde Woman as they left the cage room together; the Asian woman followed
meekly behind them.
Cherie took Lynne and Kristy into one of the bathrooms and made them undress and
shower together. The two women had enjoyed a number of passionate  showers  when
they were together on the Gold Coast; when they were lovers; this shower was
very different.
When she was preparing herself for the Blonde Woman Lynne wore a lot more
make-up than she did in her previous life. Mainly a lot of dark eye shadow and
mascara to highlight her dark features, and some blush to add colour to her
skin; and like all the slaves she wore a lot of bright red lipstick. Kristy had
always worn a lot of make-up, both in her life before the Blonde Woman, and in
her new life as the Blonde Woman's plaything.
Cherie made them scrub their faces and hair until all the make-up and the fancy
hairstyles were washed away. Lynne has shoulder length dark almost black hair
which she wears down. Kristy's hair is slightly shorter and a light brown almost
mousy blonde colour which she teases into waves and wears up. Lynne's hair
didn't look all that much different after their shower; but Kristy's did.
Cherie had them dress into clean white Slave Girl outfits and brush their
wet hair, but she wouldn't allow them to wear any perfume or body cologne.
Lynne and Kirsty exchanged hateful glances as they followed Cherie down the
corridors of The Blonde Woman's house. They stopped outside a heavy timber door
which looked vaguely familiar to both of them. The room behind the door had
mirrored walls and ceiling and mirrored tiles on the floor. It was the room
where Lynne had watched Kylie torture Cherie, and Kristy had watched Kylie
torture Monica. Lynne remembered how incredible Cherie had looked tied to the
poles the night Kylie tortured her. Kirsty had similar memories of the night
Kylie tortured Monica.
The room was  dimly lit except for two intense bright white spotlights that
shone down from the high ceiling forming  pools of light on the floor around two
metal poles. The same poles that Cherie and Monica had been tied to while they
waited for the sadistic little shop assistant they knew only as Kylie.
Cherie had Lynne and Kirsty  stand with their backs to the poles facing each
other. They could see the reflection of each others cunts on the mirrored tiles
in the floor; both women quickly searched the floor with their eyes for the
reflection of Cherie's cunt.
The Blonde Woman and Zaheer were smiling  as they walked into the room. The
Asian woman had opened the door for them and closed it behind her as she
followed behind; her head bowed; the shiny silver nipple clamps still hanging
from the soft pink nubs of flesh on her breasts.
" Now." Zaheer said, the smile suddenly gone. " You see what I mean about these
two women. They are both far less pleasing to the eye without all the chemicals
they wear on their faces to hide their inadequacies. This one in particular," He
said pointing at Kirsty, " Is decidedly less appealing."
Lynne's mouth was dry and she felt her heart pounding in her chest as Zaheer
walked over to her and stood close to her. " This one you call Lynne is quite a
pretty thing. Her general appearance is acceptable without being exceptional.
She's a big breasted woman, with a reasonable shape to her body which could be
improved upon."
" Her legs are reasonably well formed without being eye catching in any way. She
would look much better in black stockings, as most average looking women do. Her
feet are not offensive to look at, which is not always the case. Some women who
are far more attractive than this woman have very ugly feet..........Show me
your hands woman."
Lynne's hands were shaking as she held them out. " This is good."
Zaheer said as he held Lynne by the wrists and inspected her hands.  " Her hands
are quite petite without any noticeable faults. I would have her fingernails and
toenails manicured and painted black before I sold her." Zaheer said looking at
Lynne as if deep in thought.
" It might be wise if you considered changing her diet and introducing an
exercise program for her. She could well be the sort of woman who fattens up
easily. It's much easier to stop them putting weight on than it is getting it
off them."
" I was thinking that myself Zaheer." The Blonde Woman said. " I think
she'd be far more appealing if she lost some weight. And she does look
like the type of woman who 'fattens up easily.' "
Lynne knew The Blonde Woman had repeated Zaheer's insulting phrase just to
humiliate her more, and it did. She could almost hear Kristy laughing to herself
as Zaheer ridiculed her.
" There's not much we can do about her hair. Bleaching wouldn't enhance this
woman, but I'd check her thoroughly before selling her.  There are no signs of
grey at the moment. Some women age better than others, but at 32 you need to
monitor her. A woman with grey hair is next to worthless, but ageing is not a
problem with this woman.... yet. She still has the potential to fetch us a
reasonable sum."
The way he spoke made Lynne feel as if she were about to be sold to the highest
bidder in some exotic Arab street market. She didn't know what to make of the
fact that the thought aroused her.
" She does have interesting eyes." Zaheer said as his cold dark eyes drilled
into Lynne's soft frightened eyes. She had to force herself not to look away. "
They're an unusual colour and they have a spark to them.  They're the sort of
eyes you want to see looking up at you in either pain or pleasure..........Open
your mouth woman."
Lynne had never felt so intimidated by anybody in her life. She felt sure her
knees would give way beneath her as she opened her mouth and Zaheer stepped
closer.
" Her teeth are excellent; but she does have a couple of old metal fillings
which I would have replaced before I sold her. I like her tongue also. It's the
sort of tongue that is meant to pleasure others........ Remove your top."
Lynne quickly undid the knot  that held the white silk scarf around her body and
let it fall to the floor.
" Her breasts are very large which always adds to a woman's value, and they're
quite firm for there size. Make your nipples hard woman."  Lynne pinched and
rubbed and pulled on her nipples making them as stiff and hard as she could.
" Her nipples are quite appealing also." Zaheer said as he squeezed them between
his thumb and fingers.  " Some women with very large breasts have ugly nipples.
This woman does not; but it would be better if her nipples were larger when they
were erect. I would decorate  her before I sold her. A Silver ring in her right
nipple. Silver is the colour to decorate this woman with, not Gold."
Lynne could feel the pain of having her nipple pierced as Zaheer spoke.  It was
not something she wanted to do; but perhaps she may have to now judging by the
look on The Mistress's face.
" Remove your skirt woman." Zaheer's voice sent a shiver down Lynne's spine
whenever he spoke directly to her. She quickly undid the knot at the side of her
skirt and threw it on the floor as she had done with her top. Zaheer stepped
back so he could inspect what she had to offer between her legs.
" I see you still have your Slave's shave their sex." Zaheer said to The Blonde
Woman without taking his eyes away from between Lynne's legs.
" Yes." The Blonde Woman replied. " Except Cherie, she's special."
" Yes. But there is nothing special about either of these women. They both need
to have their sex bare. The majority of their potential owners prefer their
slaves to have their sex exposed; but the skin on that part of their bodies is
very sensitive. Continued shaving or waxing irritates the skin. You can see on
this woman where the razor has irritated the skin.  The last thing you want is
an unsightly rash to appear when you're trying to sell her.  I would have her
pubic hair removed permanently with electrolysis before I sold her. The same
applies to the other woman."
Zaheer stepped closer to Lynne, his eyes still fixed between her legs.
" She has very large vaginal lips, this is good, this is very good. Women with
large vaginal lips are keenly sought after. She could easily accommodate all
sorts of things inside her. Open yourself up woman."
Lynne reached down and pulled her lips apart as far as she could. She knew
everyone in the room would have heard the sloppy sound that her lips made as she
opened herself up.
" She has a very large clitoris too; that certainly adds to her worth.  I'd have
her clitoris decorated before I sold her. A small Silver ring in her clitoral
hood." Lynne winced at the thought of being pierced there.
" Her body obviously has no problems lubricating itself."
" No. Lynne is always wet." The Blonde Woman laughed.
" So I see." Zaheer smiled again. " Turn around woman." Lynne let go of her lips
and turned around as she had been instructed to do.
" Her......"arse" as you in the west call it is quite acceptable; her buttocks
have an appealing shape to them and they're quite firm;  but her body in general
needs some 'toning up' before she could be sold."
Lynne caught a glimpse of Kristy over Zaheer's shoulder.
" Fat Arsed Slut !" Kirsty didn't say the words, she didn't have to, Lynne knew
what she was thinking.
" Her skin is without any particularly noticeable defects, with the exception of
this unsightly birthmark above her right buttock." Zaheer continued as he ran
his dark skinned hands over Lynne's arse, " With women like her you have to mask
as many of her deficiencies as you can. A tattoo would be an option, in her case
a black rose, but with a woman like this you need to add to her appeal as much
as you can. I would have her branded. There's an Arabic symbol that indicates
submissiveness; it would be ideal for her; it would cover that unpleasant
birthmark and she'd bear a mark of subservience that those most likely to buy
her would recognise."
Lynne liked the feel of Zaheer's hand on her arse. " Bend over and pull your
cheeks apart."
Lynne hesitated for an instant, not long enough for Zaheer to notice, then she
quickly bent forward and reached behind herself and pulled the cheeks of her
arse apart. " Good. Very Good." She heard Zaheer say.
" Sodomy is very popular in the Middle East and on The Sub Continent.
But Muslim men would never defile a Muslim woman by sodomising her.  This woman
however has no dignity and deserves no respect. Women like her are needed for
that purpose; and this woman is certainly one well suited to being penetrated in
that way........Turn around woman."
Lynne turned around to face the man that frightened her so much, and yet aroused
her so much.
" It's important that she doesn't have an unpleasant voice. I've seen the price
of a woman fall to next to nothing when the potential owners have heard her
speak..........What is your name woman ?"
" Lynne, Master." Her voice was soft and nervous.
" Describe for me the last orgasm you had."
" I... It was with a woman we call 'The Dog' Master." Lynne didn't know how he
wanted her voice to sound. Seductive; subservient; erotic.....  " I had her lie
on the floor and masturbate while I watched her. She was able to put her hand up
inside herself Master and I masturbated while I watched her. My orgasm was very
intense, I had a finger up my anus which added to the intensity of my orgasm. My
clitoris is very sens.."
" Enough." Zaheer said holding up his manicured finger in an almost threatening
way. " She's not highly educated and her accent is extremely common. But she has
a very pleasant voice. The type of voice one wants to hear begging for mercy."
Zaheer paused again in thought. "The name you use for this female;
'Lynne': This is not an appropriate name for a slave. I would give her another
name; Danielle or Bridget for this one, probably Danielle."
Zaheer shifted his eyes from Lynne to Kristy. The colour drained from her face
as Zaheer moved toward her. Lynne was too shaken to enjoy Kristy's discomfort.
Kristy, like Lynne, had never felt so intimidated by anybody as she did by
Zaheer. She too felt her knees go weak when Zaheer turned his attention to her.
" This one you call Kristy." Zaheer said as he stood in front of her. " She is
not so pretty without all the make-up. Most definitely not as pretty as the
other one. Her general appearance is  more appealing though, she is slimmer; she
has a more feminine shape to her; but this woman's body needs to be improved
also. And her breasts are far too small, they lessen her value considerably."
Her legs are quite slim and pleasing to the eye,  but she too would look much
more appealing in stockings; red stockings for this woman. Red is this woman's
colour; she should always be dressed in red; not this virginal white she wears
now."
Zaheer smiled at The Blonde Woman. " This is of course not a criticism of the
way you choose to dress them. They're yours to do with as you please and to
dress them in whatever way appeals to you. My comments are based on how we could
best present these women in a way that would maximise the price we would get for
them."
" I understand Zaheer."  The Blonde Woman said smiling back. Zaheer turned his
eyes back to Kristy.
" Her feet are decidedly unpleasant; but there is little that can be done about
flaws of that nature. It won't lessen her worth to any great extent, it's just
another of her many defects."
Zaheer looked at Cherie, and then at the Blonde Woman. " A woman like her." He
pointed to Cherie." Has few if any defects, but women like her are rare. Those
seeking to buy these two women know this. It's a matter of how many defects
these women have that influences what people would be prepared to pay for them."
Zaheer looked back at Kirsty and ran his dark eyes over her body again.
" There is nothing virginal about this woman she has the look of a  harlot about
her. There is no hint of innocence in her eyes as there is with the of the other
one.... Show me your hands."  Kristy held out her hands for Zaheer to inspect;
they were shaking more than Lynne's were as Zaheer grabbed her wrists.
" Her fingers are too long; her hands are not well proportioned; they don't have
the appeal of the other females hands." Zaheer said dismissively.
" Again there is nothing we can do about imperfections of this nature.  But I
would have her fingernails and toenails manicured and painted red before I sold
her." He looked at her hands again and pushed her wrists away with a decidedly
disappointed look on his face.
"As with the other one her value would increase significantly if there was less
of her. These women must be very thin when we sell them, very thin.  This woman
is not thin enough. I would have both of them fast for several weeks before
selling them."
Zaheer turned to face the Blonde Woman. " The West are far too soft with their
women. In the countries and cultures into which these women would be sold,
keeping them thin is not difficult. We simply starve them until they're
satisfactorily thin. After that a diet of rice, water and vitamin supplements is
all they need to sustain them. This is not a criticism of course, just an
observation." Zaheer said smiling. The Blonde Woman smiled back. She was
obviously enjoying herself. Equally obviously Lynne and Kristy were not.
Zaheer turned back to Kristy again." Her hair is a problem. It is a most
unappealing colour and without the deception of the inappropriate and
unacceptable hair style she wore before, her hair makes her look decidedly
plain. Her appearance is not as appealing as the other female.  I would have her
hair bleached blonde and cut shorter before I sold her; but even that would add
little to her value."
Zaheer was frowning now as he looked at Kristy. She desperately wanted to look
away from his cold eyes, but knew she couldn't.
" Unfortunately her eyes are a dark brown. Asian and Negro females have dark
eyes. Very plain, very common, and very unappealing. Her eyes are dull and
boring; the other woman has passion in her eyes; this woman does not. But again
these are defects that we can do nothing about." As she watched Zaheer looking
at her, assessing her, Kristy got a horrible feeling that Zaheer was decidedly
unimpressed with what he saw.
" Open your mouth woman." He said in an impatient tone.
" Her teeth are excellent; bright, straight, no unsightly fillings; and her
tongue has a nice pink hue. Excellent. Remove your top woman."
Kristy's hands fumbled with the knot that tied the scarf around her, she had
difficulty undoing it. " Undo this stupid woman's top." Zaheer said angrily. The
Asian woman scurried over to where Kristy stood and quickly undid the knot and
removed her top. A cold shiver ran down Kristy's spine when she saw the
expression on Zaheer's face and heard the tone of his voice.
" Her breasts are too small." He said in an irritated tone. The anger was gone
from his voice, but the look of fear remained on Kristy's face.  "Asian women
are expected to have small breasts, but white women should be large breasted.
This woman is not, her small breasts lower her value considerably..........Make
your nipples hard woman."  Kristy did as Lynne had done and made her nipples as
big and stiff as she could.
" Her nipples are annoyingly small. Small breasts and small nipples." Zaheer
said as he squeezed Kristy's nipples with his fingers. " Not good, not good at
all." Zaheer sounded very disappointed with what he saw.
" If she was a natural blonde and didn't have so many other defects  I'd have
her breasts enlarged surgically; but this woman is not worth the time or the
expense. I would try to enhance the appeal of her breasts by decorating them
with large Gold rings in each nipple, but you can't hide a defect as obvious as
this on a woman."
Kristy's face glowed a bright red from the  embarrassment and the humiliation of
what Zaheer was saying about her, and the way he looked at her. She knew she was
not overly well endowed but she'd never thought  her breasts were as small as
Zaheer seemed to think.
" Remove your skirt." Zaheer said as he turned to face the Blonde Woman. " We
can only hope that what this woman has between her legs is more appealing than
her breasts."
He turned back and fixed his gaze between Kristy's legs. The room was silent as
Zaheer assessed what he saw. " Her vagina has a nice shape to it, but her lips
are small; this is not good. Asian women have very small vaginas and vaginal
lips, very common; but her clitoris pokes out between her lips in a rather
inviting way. The other woman's sex would arouse the interest of many more
prospective buyers than this one. Open yourself up woman."
Kristy reached down and pulled her lips apart. She found it increasingly
difficult to look at Zaheer, especially now standing there like that, but she
forced herself to look at his face and into his eyes.
" Her clitoris is not as large as the other woman's, but it is adequate.  I
would decorate this woman with Gold rings in her vaginal lips and in her
clitoris before I sold her." Zaheer paused again as he considered what he saw
between Kristy's legs.
" As with the other one, her body obviously has no problems lubricating itself."
" No. If anything Kristy is always wetter than Lynne is." The Blonde Woman said
smiling.
" Slaves are always well lubricated." Zaheer said smiling back." A woman who is
not always well lubricated is of little use to anybody...........Turn around
woman." Kylie's fingers were sticky with her juices as she let go of her lips
and turned around.
" Her......'arse' is more than adequate. More appealing than the other one's.
Her buttocks have a very nice shape and they're very firm which is important.
There are no unsightly blemishes, and the skin on her buttocks is smooth and has
a nice texture to it." Zaheer ran his hand lightly over the cheeks of her arse
as he spoke.
" I would decorate this one with a small tattoo on her right buttock just below
her hip. A small red rose would compliment her skin colouring nicely. Bend over
and pull your cheeks apart woman."
Kristy did as Lynne had done and displayed her arse hole for him, and the others
to see. " She too is well suited for sodomy. This is good. Turn around woman."
Kristy turned around nervously.
" What is your name woman?"
" Kristy, Master." She tried to sound relaxed and submissive and sexy.
" The name you use for this female: 'Kristy'." Zaheer said as if in deep thought
again. " This is not a suitable name for a slave either. I think perhaps
Jacqueline is more appropriate for this one......Yes I would call her Jacqueline
when I sold her."
" Describe for me your last orgasm woman."
" Yes Master. It was with her husband." Kristy said looking at Lynne. The two
women glared at each other for an instant, and then Kylie looked back at Zaheer,
smugly satisfied with Lynne's reaction. "  I was dressed as a maid, a really
slutty maid,  and taken to his house where I served dinner to him and a woman.
After dinner they had me entertain them by doing a strip and playing with
myself. The woman wanted me to stick all sorts of things up my cunt and up my
arse hole. They fucked on the lounge while I lied on the floor fucking myself up
the arse with a candle."
"They had me lick his cum out of her cunt after he came, and she came while I
did it. After that they tied me up on the floor and stuck a candle up my arse
and one up my cunt and lit them. They left me on the floor like that and went
into the bedroom and started fucking again."
"I lied on the floor and listened to them fuck while I watched the candles
slowly burning and the flame getting closer to my cunt and arse hole.  I was on
the floor like that for ages. But eventually they came out and watched me lying
there with the flames getting closer. Her husband has a really big cock and he
decided he'd get me off by....."
" Enough." Zaheer said. Kristy had been very pleased with herself. She'd enjoyed
recounting the story of her night with Lynne's husband and the woman. But when
she saw the expression on Zaheer's face she knew something was wrong. Her eyes
moved around the room nervously to see the reaction of the others.
" She speaks with the tongue of a common whore." Zaheer said quietly,
controlling his anger.
" But I am a whore....." Kristy said to herself, confused and frightened by
Zaheer's reaction.
" She uses the language of the white trash that sell themselves for small change
on the streets of Patpong Road." Zaheer was obviously disgusted with the way
Kristy had spoken. " Perhaps this type of language from this type of female is
appealing to uneducated American tourists with no class and no culture. But it
is most certainly of no appeal to the refined and dignified people to whom I
would sell her. I'm tempted to cut the wenches tongue out so I don't have to
endure hearing her speak again."
" She's just a common whore Zaheer." The Blonde Woman said smugly.
" She doesn't know any better."
" It would give me great pleasure to teach her." Zaheer said with an almost
depraved smile on his face.
" Perhaps one day you'll get the chance." The Blonde Woman replied smiling at
Kristy as she said it.
" Well Zaheer my old friend." The Blonde Woman said. " How much are they worth,
and which of them is worth the most ? "
Zaheer smiled warmly at her. " Neither of these women are virgins; they have
both been used many times by many people. A used woman is no different to a used
car. Regardless of how well maintained the woman is, the older she is the less
she is worth. For this reason alone the one you call Kristy is worth more than
the one you call Lynne. Five Million American dollars for the older one, and
Seven Million for the younger one."
Lynne forced herself to hold her head up in her moment of ultimate humiliation;
and Kristy's face lit up in a wide smug smile. She was so relieved that she'd
won that she relaxed enough to allow herself a soft snide laugh.
Zaheer saw her, and heard her. " Wipe that look off your face you insolent whore
!" He said angrily as the back of his hand struck her hard across her cheek.
Kristy fell to her knees on the floor; an instinctive reaction that had only
recently been set free inside her. She was whimpering from the pain of Zaheer's
hand and the fear that consumed her. She wanted to say something, to say she was
sorry, but she knew better than to speak without permission to a man like
Zaheer.
" It is purely an accident of birth that she is older than you and therefore of
less value. Were age not a factor she would easily be worth more than you whore.
If I were to choose one of you to entertain me  this evening I would choose her.
And if you were mine I'd have you flogged until your back and buttocks bled."
" Take Zaheer up to the sitting room and entertain him until I finish with these
two." The Blonde Woman said to Cherie, Barely able conceal her disgust with
Kristy " Excuse me while I deal with this Zaheer."
" But of course. Take your time in punishing this one; I'm sure the one you call
Cherie will keep me entertained in your absence." Zaheer smiled and kissed the
Blonde Woman's hand. The Asian woman opened the door and followed behind Cherie
as they left the Blonde Woman with her slaves.
" I'm very disappointed in you Kristy." The Blonde Woman's face was filled with
anger in a way neither Lynne nor Kristy had seen before. " You have embarrassed
me in front of my guest and I should have you flogged as Zaheer has suggested;
but I am not going to."
Kristy looked up at the Mistress; she was still  on her knees, tears welling in
her eyes. " I'm sorry Mistress." She sobbed pathetically.
" I had intended the valuation to be part of the contest. That would have given
you another point Kristy. But instead of having you flogged I will deny you the
point you would have earned, were it not for your insolence."
" Please have me flogged Mistress." Kristy whimpered. She would much rather
endure a flogging than forgo a point in the contest that would decide her fate.
>

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 27.  THE CONTEST. Part 1.

A week later Lynne sat in her cage writing in her diary; Kristy was in the cage
next to Lynne writing in hers. The contest was over but neither women knew who
had won. They'd been given their diaries and told to write about what had
happened to them since the night Zaheer valued them; and to wait. The Mistress
would inform them who had won when she was ready; but they both were sure they
knew who'd won already.
I knew all along that Zaheer would say Kristy was worth more than me." Lynne
wrote: I wanted to believe otherwise, for a while as he was going over all of
her faults I half hoped he might say I was worth more than her; but deep down I
knew I wasn't. Zaheer was right. She's younger than me, and she's got a better
figure than me. It was obvious people would pay more for her than me.
I was so relieved when the Mistress denied her the point for her insolence.
Kristy's behaviour cost her a point in our contest, but it taught me a lesson as
well.
The Mistress was furious with Kristy and left us alone in the Display Room for
what seemed a very long time. Kristy and I exchanged hateful stares and called
each other names for a while.
" I'm worth more than you...you fat arsed old whore !" She snarled at me.
" Zaheer would rather have me entertain him than you, you flat chested ugly
slut." I'd snapped back.
There was so much more we wanted to say to each other but I don't think either
of us knew where to start. After a while we said nothing to each other; we just
sat and waited to see what would happen to us  next.
Looking back I don't think I had fallen in love with Kristy at all. I think I'd
fallen for the idea of being "In Love" with another woman. Those feelings are
gone now. I hate her more than I've ever hated anybody; and I know Kristy feels
the same.
When we were lovers for that short time on the Gold Coast I thought she was
beautiful and sensuous and sexy. I don't see her that way anymore.  She's got a
great figure but without all her make-up and fancy hair do's she's a very plain
looking woman.
But she stands between me and the life I want as the Blonde Woman's slave. I
don't care what happens to Kristy, as long as I win the contest and get to be
the Mistress's slave.
I can see Kristy now through the bars of our cages, she's writing in her diary
the same as I am, I must admit I'm curious as to what she's writing but that's
where my interest in her ends. She's my enemy now; and I'll do whatever it takes
to beat her.
The Mistress had said that Kristy would have got "another" point if it wasn't
for her insolence. That meant she'd cum quicker when the Mistress taped us
masturbating for her. She was one point up on me and I wasn't sure how long this
contest would last or how many points were there to be taken. The Mistress had
said 13, but I knew by now that she could easily change her mind or manipulate
the figure however she chose too. This was her world; she made the rules, and
changed them when it suited her.
Kristy just looked at me then, the same hateful glare she's given me so many
times since this contest thing started. She keeps making out she's going to win,
she keeps feigning this confident smug smile to try to convince me that she
knows she's already won. But I can tell she's as uncertain and nervous about all
this as I am. The Mistress will tell us who has won when she is ready. All we
can do is wait.
I'm sure the Mistress and my husband and probably others as well read what I
write in this diary. I'm not sure whether what I write can count against me in
the contest; but I will just write the truth about what has happened and about
how I feel and trust that that is what they want.
Zaheer is an extraordinary man. He can make me wet from just looking at me; or
make me wet myself in fear from just looking at me. Being his slave would be an
interesting experience; one I don't think I'm ready for...yet.
That night he valued us was an incredible experience, one I'll never forget. Nor
will I ever forget anything else that has happened to me since that night in the
garage.
I don't know how long they left us alone together in the display room for that
night Zaheer valued us. Kristy and I were sitting on the floor with our backs to
each other when Monica eventually came to collect us. Kristy still had a red
mark on her face from where Zaheer had hit her.
Monica was dressed in her big leather boots and leather skirt and bra; and she
was carrying the crop she liked to hit me with so much. She was a very different
person to the Monica who used to be in the cage where Kristy is now. Monica
obviously gets off on playing Mistress; but I wonder if she will make the same
mistake that Rebecca made and let it all go to her head. Monica is still just a
slave like the rest of us. Rebecca had forgotten that and paid a heavy price for
doing so. As I felt the sting of the crop on my thighs I wondered if the same
fate awaited Monica.
" Get up you slut." She snarled at me as she hit me with the crop again, then
she hit Kristy and told her to get up too. She put collars around our necks and
attached leashes to them and led us through the corridors and up the stairs to
the room with the couch and the fire place. She had us kneel on the floor in
front of the couch where The Mistress sat talking to Zaheer. Cherie stood beside
them, still naked except with her long blonde hair falling down over her
shoulders. She looked incredible with the Gold ring in her clitoris and the Gold
chain around her waist.
Neither Zaheer nor the Mistress  seemed to notice us at first. " Two women who
were once lovers now enemies. Pitted against each other in a battle for the
ultimate prize." Zaheer said in that deep and distinctive voice of his. " You
are a most imaginative woman. This contest should prove most entertaining."
The Mistress smiled modestly and turned to look at us on our knees at her feet.
" I know which one of you can cum quicker for me; but which of you can fight
back an orgasm the longest for me; which of you has the will to hold out the
longest for me?"
Monica was holding what looked a bit like two old chastity belts. They were made
of thick leather with straps and large brass buckles; and two black plastic
penis shaped pieces on the inside of each of them; one about the size of an
average man's cock, the other about the size of a woman's finger.
Monica had Kristy stand up and remove her skirt. She rubbed some KY on the
plastic things and slowly slid the large one inside Kristy's pussy.  I watched
the look on Kristy's face as it slid all the way up inside her.  Then Monica had
Kristy bend over and eased the finger sized one up her arse. When both were all
the way up inside her, Monica quickly did up the straps and buckles.
" An interesting device." Zaheer said. As Monica had me stand and remove my
skirt. She slowly inserted the plastic cock inside my pussy; there was a flat
hard rubber nub at the base that I hadn't noticed before.  It pushed through my
lips and fitted snugly against my clitoris. Monica then had me bend over and
slid the smaller finger shaped one up my arse; just as she had done with Kristy;
but she wasn't as gentle with me as she was with her. I could feel the plastic
things  inside me as Monica did up the belts and buckles.
" The harness fits very tightly around the woman's body." The Mistress said to
Zaheer. " Put knew batteries in both of them Monica."
" Yes Mistress." Monica said as she walked over to a side board and returned
with Eight 'D' size batteries. There were plastic battery packs attached to the
back of the 'Harnesses' Kristy and I now wore, and Monica and Cherie put four of
the new batteries in each and stood behind us to watch and supervise what was
happening to us. Monica was behind Kristy, Cherie was behind me.
" Simon used Kelly's body to work out exactly where to attach the plastic penis
and finger when he made these." The Mistress said to Zaheer" But Kelly was a
much younger and slimmer woman than either of these two.  They don't look as
good on them as they did on Kelly; and I'm sure they don't fit quite as they
should where it matters most either." She added smiling.
Monica then had us get down on our hands and knees facing each other on the rug
at the feet of The Mistress and Zaheer. " Turn them on low." The Mistress said
as she and Zaheer discussed how unfortunate it was that the Mistress had had to
sell Kelly. How unfortunate it was that she had become a boring slave.
" You are wasting your time with a slave that bores you." Zaheer said
dismissively. " Best to be rid of them quickly. There are so many women
available these days. All sorts of shapes and sizes and colours. I seldom keep a
woman for more than a few weeks myself. I tire of them very quickly. They're all
so different, and yet they're all so very much the same. I remember a Negro
woman I had many years ago....."
I never heard the rest of what Zaheer had to say about his Negro slave.  Cherie
had turned a switch and the plastic things inside me started vibrating gently.
The one up my arse in particular made it impossible to concentrate on what
Zaheer was saying. I looked up at Kristy, her face was only a few feet away from
mine. I could tell the vibrations that ran through her body had affected her in
he same way.
But after a while I became accustomed to the things inside me and the way they 
gently vibrated . They were having the effect which they were designed to, my
pussy had become very wet, and my arsehole had grabbed hold on the plastic thing
inside me; but I was in control.
" This is very simple. Even you two little sluts should be able to understand
this. " The Mistress said looking down at Kristy and me.  " If you cum, you
lose........And how is Ailene ?" She asked turning back to Zaheer.
" What an exceptional specimen she is." Zaheer's face lit up. " The man I sold
her to has subsequently renamed her, but the name escapes me at the moment. But
he is very happy with his purchase. A stunning young white woman, barely 18
years of age, instinctively obedient.....He has much to be happy about."
" Tell me Zaheer." The Blonde Woman said mischievously. "If a woman like Lynne
at her age is worth Five Million, how much did you get for Ailene ? You only
paid Five Million for her. You must have made a very sizeable profit on that
sale."
" Your words wound me." Zaheer said laughing loudly. " I have overheads,
expenses...... Trading in female slaves is an expensive business. There are many
officials to be bribed, many political donations to be made, many relatives to
be paid off....." Zaheer laughed loudly again.
" You're being evasive Zaheer." The Blonde Woman said flirting with him with her
eyes."
" Twenty Five Million American." Zaheer and the Blonde Woman smiled at each
other in a way that made me wonder about the true nature of their relationship.
" You paid Five Million in Australian dollars for her and sold her for Twenty
Five Million American dollars. I assume your retirement fund has a very healthy
balance?"
.
" The transaction was certainly a profitable one." Zaheer said admiring the
Blonde Woman's smile. "But you must remember that there are very few women like
the one you call Ailene. Most of the women I sell are like these two." He looked
down at Kristy and me on our hands and knees on the floor at his feet. " I
couldn't make a living just trading in the likes of those two; let alone all the
small change whore's like that Asian thing over there."
I hadn't noticed the Asian woman standing in the corner until Zaheer pointed her
out. She still wore the nipple clamps she had on the first time I saw her. Her
expression never changed when Zaheer referred to her as 'that Asian thing.'  She
was obviously a woman who had been born into slavery and who knew her place.
" Turn them up to the middle setting."
" Yes Mistress." Monica and Cherie replied and the things inside us began to
vibrate much more intensely. Kristy moaned softly when Monica turned up the
speed on the plastic cock and finger vibrating inside her body.
Up until then, I'd been able to take my mind off what was happening inside me by
concentrating on what Zaheer and the Mistress were talking about. The flat piece
that pushed against my clit began to vibrate now too. It hadn't done that on the
lower speed. Now, my full attention was on the things inside me and rubbing
against me.
" This should be most entertaining." Zaheer said as he looked at us beginning to
squirm around on the floor. " Which of them will cum first?  Most entertaining."
" Do you like the way that thing feels up your arse Kristy?" The Mistress asked.
" Yes Mistress. I love the way it feels up my arse."  Her breathing was rapid
and erratic.
" Can you feel that hard plastic knob rubbing against your clit Lynne?"
" Yes Mistress." I panted. " It's right on my clit..."
I looked up at Kristy, her face was flushed and her body was rocking backward
and forward slightly, as if the things inside her were fucking her. I tried to
think of something else, tried to take my mind off what was beginning to happen
inside me. Kristy already had a point in our contest;
I couldn't let her get another one; I just couldn't be the one to cum first.
Kristy made a low grunting noise that I recognised from the times we'd made
love; but hearing the noises she made sent  a wave of pleasure through my body
and I grunted loudly and threw my head back.
" May I use your slave Zaheer?" The Blonde Woman asked in that sensuous voice of
hers. " She'll add to our entertainment, and their torment."
" Do with her what you will." Zaheer said with a dismissive wave of his hand.
The Mistress told us to crawl over to the Asian woman. Each movement sent a jolt
of pleasure through my body from the things inside me; but we both managed to
crawl over to the Asian woman without cumming.
We knelt on either side of her, each holding onto one of her soft brown thighs
as we helped her take off her panties.  She had a beautiful pink pussy with just
a thin strip of black hair running down over her lips. Her pussy was just a few
inches away from my face and I could see how wet she was.
Kristy pulled one of the Asian womans lips open and I pulled the other one open
and we each began to lick one side of her swollen clit; our tongues touching as
we did. Kristy was making those low grunting noises again as we licked the Asian
woman's clit and lips and brought her to the brink of orgasm. I was grunting
loudly as I tasted her and heard her moaning.
" Cum woman." I heard Zaheer say from behind me. For an instant I nearly lost
control and came when I heard the Asian woman cum; but I managed to fight off my
orgasm this time; but so did Kristy.
The Asian woman didn't make a lot of noise when she came; just a lot of soft
squealing noises; but her orgasm lasted a long time. When she was finally
finished I saw the look on Kristy's face. She was so close. If I could just hold
on a little longer......
Crawling back to the rug at the feet of The Mistress and Zaheer was a torturous
and exhilarating experience. The things up my arse and up my cunt moved with
each movement I made; but I made it back to my position on the rug without
cumming; so did Kristy.
" Do you want to cum Lynne?" The Mistress asked teasingly.
" Yes, I do Mistress......" I panted.
" And you Kristy....?"
" Yes Mistress....I want to cum...." Her voice was barely more than a whisper. I
knew she couldn't hold out much longer; but neither could I.
Monica and Cherie turned the things inside us up onto their highest speed and we
both started grunting and moaning loudly. " Oh God No." Kristy was saying over
and over as she tried not to cum. Suddenly our eyes met. I saw the lust in her
eyes as she did in mine. We were both so close.
Suddenly Kristy threw her head back and  screamed out as she was consumed by
pleasure, the ultimate release almost had control of her.  She was making the
grunting noises I knew she made just before she came.
I was panting wildly and my hand had grabbed hold of my crotch and I couldn't
pull it away. I knew I was going to cum, and I knew I could do nothing to stop
it from happening.
" I want to stick my tongue up your arse Kristy." I moaned. " I want to stick my
tongue up your arse and make you cum Kristy....."
" Oh God No.." She cried out. I knew what she liked; I knew what she liked to
hear. I'd almost pushed her over the edge, but she'd managed to hang on. Her
eyes were on fire, her face contorted from the pleasure that threatened to
ravage her body.
" Bend over and I'll stick my tongue up your arse the way I know you love it
Kristy." She was panting wildly, no longer in control of herself. " Oh God
Kristy, I want my tongue up your arse. I want to hear you cum, I want to see you
cum......Cum for me Kristy......Cum for me......"
She screamed out and collapsed onto the floor thrashing around like a wild
animal as her orgasm overcame her. " Have I won Mistress?" I pleaded
desperately.
" Yes Lynne, she came first."
" May I cum now too Mistress." She didn't answer me. " May I please cum now too
please Mistress......?" Again she didn't answer me but my body couldn't wait for
an answer any longer. My orgasm hit me with an almost brutal force. My arms and
knees gave way beneath me and I was on the floor beside Kristy, bucking and
squirming uncontrollably with each jolt of pleasure. Moaning and grunting loudly
as my body was consumed by an orgasm so intense that the pleasure was almost
painful.
I don't know how long our orgasms lasted and I think we both lost consciousness
for an instant when it was finally all over. Kristy and I were lying on the
floor together, exhausted and our bodies smeared with perspiration. I looked up
at the couch, Zaheer and the Mistress were gone.
" You fucking bitch...." Kristy said breathlessly without looking at me.
Monica removed the things from inside our bodies and took us back to our cages.
" You stupid little slut."  She snarled at Kristy. " The batteries in yours were
old ones, the ones in hers were new. You should have been able to hold on."
" I'm sorry Monica." Kristy said softly. Then her voice was filled with rage.
" That fucking bitch started talking like that and I couldn't help it......"
" You tried to help her win....?" I looked at Monica as I asked her; but there
was no sign of guilt or regret. " Why.....?" Monica looked me up and down, a
look of contempt on her face.
" Because I like her more than you. I want her to win. I want the Mistress to
keep her.......not you."
" You fucking Bitch." I snapped at her. Then I grunted as the crop bit into the
skin on my thigh.
" Don't call me a bitch you old whore." Monica sneered at me as she hit me with
the crop again and again. " Get on your knees and stick your fat arse up in the
air slut."
" Yes Miss." I said defiantly. I still only had my top on, my skirt was still up
in the sitting room I think. I got onto my hands and knees on the floor of my
cage and stuck my arse up in the air for her.
" Is this how you want me Miss?"
Monica whipped my arse with the crop until the skin was covered with red marks.
Kristy watched through the bars that separated our cages.  She enjoyed my pain.
But I didn't make a sound the whole time Monica whipped me. I didn't want to
give her the pleasure of hearing my pain;
I wasn't going to squeal for her and I wasn't going to beg her to stop. I bit my
lip and took my whipping in silence.
When Monica was finished with me she left us alone in the cage room.  Kristy
glared at me angrily a few times but I ignored her. I curled up on my bunk and
drifted off to sleep with my arse still stinging from the crop, but knowing I'd
won the point.
I don't know how long I slept for, and at first I didn't recognise the face of
the woman standing over me telling me to get up. " Colleen....?" I said still
half asleep.
" I have to prepare you. Come with me." I'd only encountered Colleen a few
times. She was in her early 30s with beautiful long brown hair and a great
figure. Her face wasn't really pretty; but I liked it. She had the face of a
slut.
I looked over, Kristy wasn't in her cage. " Come on Lynne." Colleen said
standing there in her little red Slave Girl outfit. " You don't want to keep the
Mistress waiting."
She took me to one of the bathrooms, removed my top and helped me into a hot
bath overflowing with white scented foam. She knelt beside the bath and gently,
almost tenderly washed me with a soft pink sponge.  I saw the expression on her
face and in her eyes. Colleen was a woman on heat. She let the sponge slip from
her grip and continued to wash me with her hand.
Her breathing was becoming heavier as her hand ran over my breasts, lingering on
my nipples and then down slowly over my stomach to the shaved mound of flesh
between my legs.
" Oh god..." She moaned quietly. " Lynne.....help me please." She pleaded with
me. " The Mistress hasn't let me climax in nearly two weeks. Please help
me....."
" What do you want me to do...... ?"
" Just stand up and let me look at you; please just let me look at you, that's
all you have to do, but you can't tell the Mistress; you have to promise me
Lynne. "
She looked so pitiful, so desperate. " I promise Colleen. I won't tell her."
" Thank you Lynne." She panted as I stood up in the bath. My body was covered in
the scented foam and it gently  slid down my body or slowly evaporated as I
stood there.
" God you're beautiful Lynne." Colleen moaned as her hand disappeared under her
red skirt. " Just let me look at you. Let me look at your tits.  You've got
great tits Lynne. They're so big, you're tits are so fucking big......" Her hand
was moving quickly between her legs; I knew it wouldn't take her long to cum. I
just stood there and watched her masturbate and waited for her to cum. It
thrilled me in a way that's hard to describe. To know she was so turned on from
looking at me, that she was going to cum from just looking at me while she
played with herself.
" Let me see your cunt Lynne...." She moaned. " Oh god I love your big cunt; I
love your big wet cunt......Your cunt lips are so fucking big.......... 
Big....wet.... cunt.... lips...." Colleen grunted and came with her eyes fixed
on my cunt. She made loud high pitched whimpering sounds as her orgasm peaked,
and soft panting noises as it subsided.
" Thank you Lynne...Thank you..." She said over and over as she enjoyed the last
spasms of an orgasm she so desperately needed.
When her orgasm was over she quickly dried me off and dressed me in a clean
white Slave Girl outfit and took me back to the display room.
As was the case the other times I'd been in there, the display room was very
dimly lit; the room in was shadows except for a pool of bright white light from
the spotlights in the ceiling. Kristy was on her knees on the floor naked. She
looked pale under the bright light. Simon, the 'Pain Geek' as  one of the others
had called him was attaching wires and things to her nipples.
I thought Simon was an attractive man when I first encountered him, and he still
looked good. He was quite handsome,  young ,early 20s probably with short
bleached hair and a silver stud in his left ear. But I knew his fetish was
inflicting pain on the slaves; the wires attached to Kristy's nipples and cunt
were a reminder of what sort of a man he was; of what his speciality was. Kristy
looked so vulnerable and frightened kneeling there with all those wires hanging
off her body. I looked away; I didn't want to think about what they were going
to do to us.
I could see faint reflections of myself in the mirrors everywhere I looked. I
was becoming accustomed to seeing myself in my little white Slave Girl outfit. 
I liked the way I looked dressed like this.
The Mistress was sitting on a small  couch with Kristy under the bright
spotlights a few metres in front of her, and the Asian woman curled up on the
floor at her feet. I could see the outline of the Mistress and the Asian woman;
but they were in the shadows and I couldn't see them clearly, I couldn't see
their faces.
" I've prepared her for you as you instructed Mistress." Colleen said with her
head bowed.
" You have a real glow about you Colleen." The Mistress said suspiciously from
the darkness." How long has is it since I let you have an orgasm ?"
" Nearly two weeks Mistress." Colleen replied nervously.
" You have the look of a contented woman  Colleen. You have the look of a woman
who has tasted pleasure recently; very recently. You have the look of
satisfaction a woman gets on her face and in her eyes after she's experienced
the ecstasy of orgasm. You don't look like a woman who has gone two weeks
without pleasure. Have you climaxed without my permission ?"
" No Mistress." Colleen lied with her head still bowed.
" Is that true Lynne?" The Mistress asked. I couldn't see her face, but I could
feel her eyes on me. I'd promised Colleen I wouldn't tell the Mistress what
she'd done.
" No Mistress, that is not true. She masturbated while she bathed me and she
climaxed."
" Thank you Lynne. You won't be seeing Colleen around for a while. Take her to
the dungeon Monica."
" Yes Mistress." Monica replied as she grabbed Colleen by the arm and dragged
her off. Our eyes met for an instant and I felt the shame of having betrayed her
and saw the tears beginning to well in her eyes. I wanted to tell Colleen I was
sorry; but I would do it again if I had to. I would do whatever it took to win
the Mistress's confidence and to become her slave. Even if it meant betraying
one of the other slaves; as I had with Colleen. I just stood there with my leash
hanging by my side as Monica took Colleen away to be punished because of me.
" Undress for me Lynne." The Mistress said softly. I tried to undress
seductively for her. I untied the knot that tied the sheer silk scarf to my
body, and let my tits spill out for her. Then I undid the knot on my short
little skirt with the jagged hem and slowly pulled it away and let it fall to
the floor.
" Get down on the floor in front of Kristy." The Mistress said, seemingly
unimpressed with the little strip tease I'd done for her. " Yes Mistress."
I knelt on the floor a few feet in front of Kristy as the Mistress had told me
to. Simon crouched down beside me and attached wires to my nipples with metal
alligator clips, the sharp metal teeth hurt as they bit into my nipples. He put
rubber gloves on to attach more of the wires with the metal clips to my cunt
lips. Three on each lip. I looked to make sure that Kristy had three on each lip
too. Once the one's on my cunt lips were firmly in place Simon had me lean over
and he slid something small and cold up my arse; it too had wires running off
it.
Kristy and I looked nervously at each other as Simon finished his work.  When he
was done there was a small metal box, about 12" square  on the floor between us.
On top of the metal box was a large red Mushroom shaped button about 4" in
diameter.
" Which of you will withstand the most pain for me?" The Mistress said
thoughtfully, as she walked over and stood beside us. " When the Red button is
pushed, it sends out little electric shocks to the clips attached to your
bodies. You both receive exactly the same amount of pain. Simon assures me that
the risks to you are.......minimal. You will take it in turns to push the button
and inflict the pain on yourselves and on the other.  Who ever declines to push
the button first is the loser."
The Mistress gave us time to consider what we were about to go through for her.
" There is a timer that is activated when the Red button is pushed. If the
button isn't pushed again within 30 seconds, whoever's turn it was to push it
loses. Do you both understand?"
" Yes Mistress." We replied in harmony.
" Good. Lets see which one of you will take the most pain for me?  Normally they
say: ' Ladies first.' But as neither of you are ladies, we'll just have to toss
a coin. Who wants to call ?"
" I will Mistress." I said quickly. 'Tails' has always been lucky for me; but
not this time, the coin came up heads. I watched Kristy looking at the Red
mushroom shaped button; I watched her hand shaking as she reached out. The pain
was intense, but only lasted for an instant. I put my hand on the button and
pushed it again.
The first few times the button was pushed the pain was most intense on my
nipples; but the more the button was pushed the more intense the pain from the
things up my arse and on my cunt lips seemed to get.
I don't know how many times Kristy and I inflicted the pain on each other and on
ourselves; but after a while the pain seemed to get more savage each time the
Red button was pushed. We screamed louder each time and took longer to push the
button again the longer it went on.
We could see each other and ourselves everywhere we looked around the mirrored
room. It was Kristy's turn to push the Red button, her hair was messy, her body
gleamed with perspiration. Her eyes looked at the Red button and then at me. She
pushed it again and we both screamed as the current ran through our bodies.
My hand was shaking as I reached out to push the Red button, but I didn't know
if I could. I couldn't take the pain much longer, and I could tell Kristy
couldn't either. "Just a few more times" I told myself. "She'll crack
first....just a few more times......"
My hand hovered over the Red button as I tried to make myself push it.  " Wait."
The Mistress said suddenly standing beside us again.  A man in a buttoned down
shirt and tie crouched down beside us, he had a stethoscope around his neck. I
recognised him straight away; he was our 'Family Doctor'. Simon did something to
the metal box and then disappeared into the shadows again.
" Are they Okay to continue Justin ?" The Mistress asked, obviously irritated
that she had to interrupt her entertainment to have us checked out. Justin put
the stethoscope against my chest as a very attractive woman with beautiful long
blonde hair crouched down on the other side of me. She was his receptionist, a
really stuck up bitch. She always looked good in her short neatly pressed white
uniform, and she knew it. I didn't like her and she didn't like me; but she had
always got on well with my husband.
" Strap the sphygmomanometer cuff around her arm." Justin said to her.  " I want
to take her blood pressure. Her hearts okay, her breathing's a bit shallow, but
that's to be expected. " He said to the Mistress.
The blonde bitch wrapped the thing around my arm and started pumping it up.  "
Brachial Artery ?" She asked.
"Yep." Justin replied as he put the stethoscope on my wrist. I felt the cuff
squeeze my arm as the blonde bitch pumped it up more than I think she needed to.
I felt the pulse in my arm grow stronger and then stop. Justin started releasing
the pressure and I felt my pulse kick in strongly.
" She's Okay." Justin said as he stood up. " Pulse is 115, a little high but
she's not very fit. Anything up to 130 is okay for her under this sort of
stress. Her Systolic pressure's 140, Diastoltic's 90. That's up a bit, she's
normally around 120/70 which is good for her age. She's fine."
Justin and the blonde bitch checked Kristy. Her pulse and blood pressure were up
a bit too; but she's very fit according to Justin and he said she'd be fine.
Justin ignored me, but the blonde bitch looked down at me with an almost evil
smile. She'd always thought she was better than me; always looked down her nose
at me; always spoke to me as if I was a complete fool. Now she got to see me
like this; and she savoured every moment of my humiliation. She always thought
she was better than me; now she could see for herself that she was.
" Okay my little slut's." The Mistress said, happy that her entertainment was
about to continue. " Lets see which of you will endure the most pain for me.
Who's turn was it?"
" Hers." Kristy said quickly. The sound of the Mistress's heels  on the mirrored
floor echoed around the room. I looked over and saw the silhouette of the
Mistress with the Asian woman curled up on the floor on her hands and knees. The
Mistress had her legs stretched out and her feet resting on the Asian woman's
back. I wondered what other uses the Mistress had in mind for the Asian woman
other than using her as a foot rest.
I saw Kristy grit her teeth and tense her body, preparing herself for the pain.
I braced myself for the agony I knew was coming and hit the Red button with the
palm of my hand. Our bodies flinched and we both made little yelping noises: but
there was no pain. I heard people laughing in the darkness around us. I don't
know how many people were lurking in the shadows watching us or who they were.
" Simon hasn't turned it back on yet you stupid sluts." The Mistress said
laughing quietly. Simon appeared again from the blackness around us and did
something to the metal box, and then withdrew into the shadows again.
I had to go through the torment of making myself push the Red button again. I
quickly reached out and pushed it. I didn't give myself time to think about it
or the pain that was to come. Kristy and I both squealed loudly as the electric
current jolted our bodies. My nipples and cunt lips felt like hot needles had
been shoved through them; I can't describe the searing pain that ran up my
arsehole.
Kristy was whimpering softly as she pushed the button again. This went on and
on. The pain had become unbearable. Kristy's eyes met mine and we willed each
other to give in; but neither did.
" Turn up the current Simon." I heard the Mistress say through the haze of the
physical and emotional torture I was being forced to endure.  Simon appeared out
of the darkness, did something to the metal box, and then withdrew into the
shadows again.
It was Kristy's turn. In my mind I begged her not to do it. She closed her eyes
and hit the button. The force of the shock was vicious this time. We both
screamed out loudly as the pain ripped through our bodies. My hands
instinctively grabbed at my cunt and nipples as we were both thrown onto the
floor from the impact of the pain.
" Fuck....." Kristy grunted as she lay on the floor, trying to deal with the
pain she'd just experienced and prepare herself for the pain that was to come. "
Give in you stubborn fucking slut." She mumbled breathlessly as I quickly
dragged myself back up onto my hands and knees within reach of the mushroom
shaped Red button. My hand was shaking and my heart was thumping as I reached
out to push it.
My eyes met Kristy's as my hand hovered over the Red button. I could tell she
knew I couldn't take the pain anymore. She knew I couldn't push the button
again.
" Wrong again bitch." I panted as I slapped the Red button down hard.
We both squealed loudly and our bodies flinched; but nothing happened.
" You took too long Lynne." The Mistress said from the shadows. " You lose."
Kristy's face lit up; a mixture of emotions. Relief that it was over and
smugness that she'd won. " I win........you fucking Bitch." She mouthed the
words but didn't speak. I hit the button again and again.
" Please Mistress, I didn't know, please.....I'll take more pain for you... 
....watch me suffer for you......"  I begged her, but that part of the contest
was over.
" Would any of you like to use either of these two while you're here.?"
The Mistress asked whoever the people were lurking in the shadows.
I knew the blonde bitch receptionist would find the opportunity to humiliate me
further too good to miss. She emerged from the shadows and stood over me,
looking down at me.
" How can I please you Miss." I forced myself to say.
" You couldn't do anything to please me.....whore" She sneered at me.
" I'm sorry Miss." I said looking up at her. She was enjoying herself very
much." The other one's very nice though." She said looking at Kristy.
" Can I make an appointment to see her ?"
" You have excellent taste in women." Simon was smiling as he said it.
He obviously enjoyed adding to my humiliation and embarrassment.  Perhaps he
wanted the Mistress to keep Kristy instead of me too. He certainly seemed to be
more gentle removing the wires and things on and inside her than he was with me.
Monica took us back to our cages and smiled at Kristy. She was very pleased with
the woman she wanted the Mistress to keep. Then she looked at me. " Why don't
you just give up you old whore. Kristy is going to win this little contest."
" I'm not giving up Miss. I'm sorry to disappoint you." Monica flicked the crop
through the air so I could hear the menacing noise it made.
" We'll see bitch. Your pain isn't over yet." I got down on my hands and knees
on the floor of my cage with my arse stuck up in the air before Monica had time
to tell me to. " You can do with me as you choose. You can whip me whenever you
want to Miss; I'll do anything you tell me to.  But I'm not giving up."
I had my face buried in the concrete floor of my cage as I waited for the sound
of the crop whizzing through the air and the sting of it's leather tip on my
arse. I heard the door to the cage room closing.  Nervously I lifted my head and
looked around: Monica was gone.
Kristy had a sickeningly smug look on her face. But we were both too exhausted
to argue or throw insults at each other. We curled up on our bunks and quickly
fell asleep. I don't know how long we slept for, but it felt like I'd been
asleep a very long time when Monica woke me with the crop.
I hadn't seen Monica in anything but Mistress type outfits since I got back from
the Gold Coast. She was dressed that way again. Big red leather boots, leather
skirt and bra with silver studs on them; and as always, carrying a riding crop.
Monica was obviously enjoying playing Mistress.
She took us to separate bathrooms where we were given half an hour to bath and
prepare ourselves for the next phase of the contest. I had no problems dressing
myself in my white slave girl outfit now. I tied the short jagged hemmed skirt
in a knot at my hip; and slipped the sheer silk scarf over my neck, crossed it
in front, above my breasts; cupped my breasts in the sheer material and tied it
in a knot at my back.
Monica took us upstairs to the veranda that looked out to the east, towards
Bondi. It was a clear winters morning; the sun shining into the enclosed
veranda. Monica had us get down on our hands and knees on the cold tiled floor
with our faces touching the floor and our arses up in the air. There was a cane
couch behind us next to the Fountain with the Statue of The Naked Lady. " Don't
fucking turn around. Keep your faces on the floor." Monica said as I felt the
sting of the crop on my arse.
" Lift your fat arse higher slut." Monica sneered at me as she hit me with the
crop again. " That's good Kristy." Monica said to her. " That's very good."
Kristy didn't feel the sting of the crop on her arse. All she felt was the
gentle touch of Monica's hand as she caressed her.
There were footsteps behind us, walking towards us, they stopped. " You stupid
fucking slut !" Kristy's face went suddenly pale as she heard her husband's
voice. " Lynne is SEVEN years older than you. SEVEN ! She's thirty fucking two
for Christ's sake ! You shouldn't have any trouble beating this old whore, you
should win this contest easily. The same as some 18 year old slut would beat you
easily."
" I will Master I promise." Kristy flinched as the crop slapped hard against her
arse.
" It's bad enough that you're such a flat chested slut." The crop slapped her
hard again." But you had to be a fucking smart arse slut too didn't you Kristy?"
" I'm sorry Master." Kristy panted, just as the crop stung her arse again.
" Zaheer was always going to value you higher than her. Even a dumb fucking
whore like you should have been able to figure that out Kristy.  There's no
fucking way this bitch is worth more than you; but you fucked up. Didn't you
bitch ?" The crop struck her loudly again.
" Yes Master I fucked up, it won't happen again, I'll win, I promise I'll win
this contest....I'm sorry....."
" You will be very sorry if you fuck up again Kristy." Her husband's voice had
an ominous sound to it.
There were more footsteps, voices, people moving around behind us.
" This part of the contest will be decided by Rex." The Mistress said from
behind us. I heard Kristy's husband's footsteps as he walked away, I think he
sat on the cane couch behind us.
" Rex has a great nose for pussy. He hasn't tasted either of you yet, unlike
Princess who already knows how you both taste; as I'm sure you'll both remember.
Lift your arses up Ladies." The Mistress said in a mocking tone. Then I heard
Rex's paws on the tiles.
" Which of them has the nicest tasting pussy Rex? Go on Rex, show us."
Monica folded back what there was of our tiny skirts. Our arses and cunts were
exposed for all to see, and for Rex to taste. " Here Rex." She called out, and I
heard the big Rottweiller's paws on the tiles as he walked towards us. Rex knew
Monica intimately already.
I could hear him panting as he got closer, then he stopped. I could feel his hot
breath between my legs; I thought his cold nose faintly brushed against my arse
but I wasn't sure. " That's it Rex." I said to myself. "Taste my sweet pussy,
you'll like my pussy......" I wanted to feel his tongue on my lips and against
my arse hole. I wanted him to stick his big tongue inside me; but he seemed to
move away.
I tilted my head slightly so I could see Kristy; our faces were only a few
inches apart. I could tell from the look on Kristy's face that she could feel
Rex behind her.
It's hard to imagine a situation more degrading than this. Two women on their
hands and knees on the floor with their arses stuck up in the air, their legs
apart and their cunts exposed so  a dog could decide which of the two tasted
better.
I felt totally degraded and humiliated and I loved feeling that way. I could
tell from the look on Kristy's face that she loved it too. Looking back, I'd
surrendered my dignity surprisingly quickly and easily since that night in the
garage. The fact is: I get off on being degraded and humiliated. I get off on
being treated like a cheap whore. That's who I am; that's what I am. The warm
juices flowing out of my cunt was proof enough of that, if any more proof was
needed.
Neither of us had any sense of dignity left any more; we had no use for it; we
found no pleasure in dignity. All either of us wanted at that moment was to feel
the dog's tongue between our legs.
The expression on Kristy's face suddenly changed and she moaned loudly. I could
hear the sound of Rex's tongue licking her. " Fuck." I swore softly to myself;
but Kristy heard me. She tilted her head and our eyes met. " That's it Rex." She
whispered at me. " Lick my pussy. You love my pussy. I taste better than her."
Then she moaned loudly and buried her face in the floor and moaned again.
The licking sounds suddenly stopped, and the expression on Kristy's face changed
again. I could feel Rex behind me again; his hot breath on my wet cunt. Then his
long rough tongue slid over my lips and arse hole.  I grunted loudly and my body
flinched from the sudden jolt of pleasure.
He licked me a few more times and I groaned loudly as his tongue jabbed at my
arse hole and then slid over my cunt. It's hard to describe how good a dog's
tongue feels; how much pleasure it gives a woman.
Any woman who hasn't experienced a dogs tongue like this has no idea what she's
missing out on; as I didn't until recently. A dogs tongue is so big and long and
hot and rough and hard and......it's just incredible.
Every woman loves the feel of a man or a womans tongue on her lips and clit and
inside her cunt and arse hole. But  no man or woman can give you the pleasure a
dog can. And a dog as skilled and experienced at pleasuring a woman in this way
as Rex is, is an experience no woman should deny herself.
Kristy had almost climaxed from having Rex's tongue between her legs and I was
quickly close to orgasm myself when he stopped. He couldn't decide which of us
tasted better.
" Come on Rex. Come here boy....." I called out in desperation.
" Shut the fuck up bitch." Monica yelled at me and slapped my arse with the
crop. I knew what she was doing. She wanted to frighten Rex away from me. Maybe
it worked, maybe it didn't, but I could tell by the look on Kristy's face where
Rex's tongue was. I was so angry with myself for calling out like that. I felt
even worse when I heard Rex's tongue lapping away loudly between Kristy's legs.
I kept hoping he'd stop licking her and come back to me; but he didn't.  He
suddenly lunged forward and his big paws were on Kristy's back; he was trying to
mount her; trying to get his huge cock inside her. He'd knocked me over in his
eagerness to fuck Kristy and I was lying on the floor watching his big cock
jabbing at her cunt as he tried desperately to to get it in her.
" Oh God Yes......" Kristy cried out. Her eyes were on fire as the big
Rottweiller tried to mount her and stick his huge cock inside her.
" That's enough." The Mistress said from behind us. " Get him off her and take
him down to Therese; she'll take care of Rex.
Kristy was panting like a wild thing yelling out for Rex to fuck her; to stick
his big  dog cock inside her and fuck her. She whimpered pathetically as Monica
pulled Rex off her just as she'd felt his cock about to enter her.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 28.  THE CONTEST PART 2.

" Settle down bitch." Her husband said as he tipped a bucket of cold water over
her.
" It's pretty obvious which of you Rex thinks has the nicest pussy. Well done
Kristy." The Mistress said, sounding rather pleased with her and proud of her.
Kristy was still squirming around on the floor in a heated frenzy, it took
another bucket of cold water and some harsh words from the Mistress to calm her
down. But she'd won another point in the competition. She was another step
closer to beating me and becoming the Mistress's slave.
" Get up slut." Monica said as she hit me on the thigh with the crop. I
obviously didn't get up fast enough for her so she hit me again. I didn't know
why she was taking me away and not Kristy. I looked at Monica as if to ask what
was going on; and I didn't like what I thought the  smile on her face meant.
Kristy was still on the floor on the veranda as Monica wrapped a collar around
my neck, clipped a leash to it, and led me away. I didn't know what it meant but
I didn't like what was happening.
Monica took me into one of the bathrooms and just stood there looking at me. "
Lift up your skirt and spread your legs slut." She said with a strange
expression on her face. I quickly lifted the front of my little slave girl skirt
and moved my feet apart.
Monica started to gently tap my pussy with the leather tip of the crop.
" You're all wet down there Lynne."
" Yes Miss. I'm very wet." The feel of the crop rubbing me there was only making
me wetter.
" I don't like you Lynne, none of the other slaves do. You're a snobby little
slut. You think you're better than the rest of us. You think you're better than
me, don't you ? "
" No Miss." I answered genuinely surprised at what she'd said. " I don't think
I'm...."
" I know you're not better than me Lynne, that's obvious; but you still think
you are; you think you're special. Well you're not." She kept rubbing my cunt
with the crop and I could have cum when ever she said to.
" Who do you think Zaheer would say was worth the most Lynne; you or me ?"
" You Miss." I panted, as my hips began rocking in rhythm with the crop rubbing
against me.
" Why Lynne ? Why am I worth more than you ?" She had the crop right on my clit
now. It was hard trying not to cum on the crop let alone trying to speak.
" Because......Because you're blonde Miss; and you're younger than me, and
you're prettier than me, and you've got a better body than me. I'm a real dog
compared to you Miss."
" Yes you are." Monica said snidely. " You're a real dog compared to me; most
women are. Including that slut Kristy; but she's better than you; she's turns me
on more than you do; and she isn't a snobby slut like you.  You're nothing
compared to me Lynne. I'm young and blonde and I'm HOT. You're thirty fucking
two. You're an old whore Lynne. No body likes old whores like you." She rubbed
my clit with the leather tip of the crop the whole time she spoke.
" No Miss." I panted. " Nobody likes old whores like me. I'm not fit to lick
your boots....." Saying it nearly made me cum.
" Oh, I don't know about that." Monica said with a growing passion in her eyes.
" Get down on the floor and lick my boots slut."
" Yes Miss." I groaned as I fell to her feet and began licking her big red
leather boots. I love it when someone makes me lick their boots or even better
their feet. It's such a submissive act, I get wet just thinking about it. And
being allowed to masturbate while I lick someone's boots or feet just makes my
cunt drip. I love cumming like that. On my hands and knees at someone's feet,
playing with myself while I lick their boots.
" Do you want to cum little slut ?"
" If you want me to Miss."
" Well I don't. I want you to make me cum." Monica said as I ran my tongue over
the toe of her boots. She lifted one boot up and I sucked on the heel. Monica
grabbed me by the hair and guided my head slowly up her legs; my tongue leaving
a trail as I licked my way up her boots to the soft skin of her thighs. " You
know what to do." Monica's voice was filled with lust.
I didn't answer. I didn't need to. I quickly lifted the front of her red leather
skirt and buried my face between her legs. Monica's freshly shaved cunt  was
soaking wet; her clit and lips were swollen. She groaned loudly as I ran my
tongue over her clit; and groaned again as I stuck my tongue inside her.
" That's it you little slut." She panted. " Lick my cunt you worthless whore
...You fat old whore....Lick me you fat whore....." She grabbed my head and held
it hard against her cunt. She came with my tongue inside her and kept calling me
a 'fat old whore' over and over as she came.
When she was finished she pushed me away and threw the crop at me.  " Here. Get
yourself off with that." I quickly grabbed the crop and used the padded handle
as a dildo and fucked myself with it.
" You're 32, that's old for a slave Lynne. That's why everyone calls you the
'Fat Old Whore'."
" Yes Miss." I moaned as the crop slid in and out of me. " I'm the fat old
whore....." Being spoken to like that is so humiliating, so degrading; but it
feels so good.
The Mistress has slaves older than me; and I'd seen plenty of other slaves older
than me at the auctions. And I know I could lose a few pounds but I'm not fat,
and I don't think I've got a fat arse either; but being abused and ridiculed and
insulted like that; and  talking about myself like that just gets me off so
much.
" Can the fat old whore cum please Miss....?" I begged desperately.
" Who is the fat old whore Lynne ?"
" I am Miss. I'm the fat old whore with a fat slut arse." I moaned loudly.  I
was so close. Talking like this had pushed me right to the edge of what would be
a screaming orgasm.  " Oh God Please Miss....Can I cum....Can the fat old whore
cum....."
" Yes Lynne you can cum, did I mention you lost the contest." I climaxed knowing
what she'd said. In a weird way knowing I'd lost the contest just made me feel
more humiliated and my orgasm more ferocious. But as soon as the most intense
part of my orgasm was over, the rest quickly faded away. I felt no glow of
satisfaction as I lay on the floor after my orgasm with the handle of the crop
still inside me.
I felt empty and lost as I looked up at Monica. She had a huge smile on her
face. She'd got what she wanted. I didn't know what would happen to me now; and
I was afraid to think about it.
Monica told me to shower and change into clothes that had been left out for me.
A floral knee length "Mummy" dress. Plain cotton panties, plain white bra and
flat beige shoes. These were not the clothes of a slave or a whore. I hated the
way I looked when I saw myself in the mirror. Just another boring house wife,
very plain, very ordinary.
I'd cried the whole time I was in the shower and my eyes were puffy and red. I
put a bit of make-up on to try and cover up the signs of a woman who had been
crying.
I felt so confused and lost as Monica led me up the stairs to the sitting room.
I sat on the couch and looked at the coffee table that I'd fucked Tom the rubber
doll on while those people watched. It had only been a bit over a month but
there were so many memories in this room for me already. I could only hope that
they would agree to sell me to some one else at the auctions.
I stood up when I heard the Mistress walk in. She looked so good in her black
designer jeans, a red top that hugged that body of hers, and a pair of Country
Road riding boots. " I'm sorry I failed you. I'm sorry I wasn't good
enough......" My voice trailed off, there was nothing else left to say.
" Are you Lynne ?" The Mistress said somewhat disinterestedly as she sat on the
couch opposite me. Kristy appeared beside me. She was dressed the same as I was;
a knee length floral "Mummy" dress.
" Have you been playing games with Lynne, Monica ?" The Mistress asked smiling.
" Yes Mistress." Monica answered with a lecherous grin on her face.
I hadn't lost the contest at all. Monica was just enjoying herself at my
expense. " You fucking bitch." I whispered to myself. The contest was far from
over. There were many more parts to come and points to win.
The Mistress said that the next part of the contest would be held at a local
Leagues Club; and after that there would be a series of contests to see which of
us  could 'generate the most income' for her.
Kristy and I rode in silence in the back of the black van. We got a few strange
looks as we climbed out of the van in front of the main entrance.  Trevor took
us inside, signed us in, and took us into the large open poker machine area. The
Mistress was sitting on a stool at the bar drinking a glass of wine.
She looked around the crowded room and said: " The first one of you to come back
with a mouth full of cum is the winner."
Kristy and I looked at each other for a second and then moved quickly among the
working class people playing the poker machines. Most of them were pensioners
but Kristy must have seen someone suitable because she quickly headed off in a
different direction.
I scanned the room looking for someone who could fill my mouth with what I
needed. I saw a good looking young guy at a cigarette machine and quickly
hurried over to him.
" Hi." I said in as sultry a voice as I could. " I'm Lynne and I'd love to take
you out the back and suck you off."
" I beg your pardon ?" The young guy said, I thought he was going to drop his
glass.
" I love sucking cock, and I'd love to suck yours. Come on, Cum with me." I
wrapped my hands around his arm and looked into his eyes as I said it, giving
him what my husband had always referred to as my " Fuck Me" look.
" What the hell's going on !" A young red headed woman said as she stood close
to her boyfriend who had no idea what to say.
" Put the claws away." I said mockingly. " We're old friends. Cya round." I left
the young bloke to come up with some story for his girlfriend while I darted in
and out of the rows and rows of Poker Machines. I saw Kristy doing the same, she
hadn't found anybody yet either. A middle aged man, probably in his 50s and not
too bad looking for his age walked up alone to one of the machines. Kristy and I
both headed straight for him;
Kristy got there first. " Hi, I'm Kristy." She said fluttering her eyes. " Do I
know you ?"  The man smiled and said: " I'd remember you if we'd met before." He
obviously liked what he saw when he looked at Kristy.
" Fuck !" I swore to myself as I almost ran through the rows of Poker Machines
again looking for a suitable man. I saw Kristy headed over towards the men's
toilets, with her man right behind her. " Fuck." I swore again as I searched the
room with my eyes.
There was a noise behind me: " Excuse me Luv." A man dressed in a tradesmen
style blue uniform said as he squeezed past me. He had a belt around his waist
with screwdrivers and pliers and things hanging off it. I followed him through a
door that said: " STAFF ONLY" and then through another door that said: " MAIN
SWITCHBOARD."
He didn't notice me until he tried to close the door behind him. " Ever had a
woman you've never met before suck you off in a switchroom ?" I asked as I lent
against the door and lifted my dress and played with myself.
" I've never had a woman I HAD met before suck me off in a switchroom" He said
smiling, and we both sort of laughed. He was a nice guy, Mid 40's probably,
greying brown hair, a moustache, and a nice smile. His name was Trevor of all
things, but he was a much nicer man than the other Trevor.
" Well, it's your lucky day Trevor." I said as I gently grabbed his shoulders
and eased back against the door. I didn't want to frighten him off by rushing
him too much to start with; I wanted him relaxed. But once I had him up against
the door, I just wanted to get him off as quickly as I could.
I dropped onto my knees and quickly undid his fly and reached into his
underpants and pulled his cock out. He was semi erect already and I devoured his
cock with my mouth. " Do you do this sort of thing often?" He asked in that
laughing, friendly voice of his.
" Not as often as I'd like." I answered as I licked his growing cock. Every
woman knows the best way to get a man off quickly is to pretend to cum yourself.
Women making "cum" noises really has an effect on men. So I reached under my
dress and started playing with myself.
" I want to cum sucking your cock Trevor." I moaned. " God you've got such a
great cock. I'm going to cum with your cock in my mouth."
His cock was hard, and pre-cum was dribbling out. " Oh God Trevor."
I panted I'm going to cum......Oh fuck I'm cumming...I'm cumming...." I moaned
and panted and grunted and felt his cock explode in my mouth. His balls just
kept pumping his semen into my mouth and I wasn't sure I could take it all. I
didn't want his semen leaking out of my mouth as I scurried through the club, so
I took his cock out and pushed my lips tightly together.
His cock was still spurting cum everywhere as I took his cock out of my mouth;
some landed on the front of my dress; but I didn't have time to worry about
that.
I wasn't exactly gentle the way I pulled him aside so I could open the door; and
I don't even remember if he said anything as I bolted out of the Switchroom and
scurried off to show the Mistress what I had in my mouth. I knew Kristy would be
there; showing the Mistress what she had in her mouth; but she wasn't. The
Mistress was sitting alone at a small round table drinking her wine.
I stood beside her and looked at her. " Sit down Lynne." She said softly.  I sat
at the table beside her and looked around the room. It was weird; no one was
watching, but it felt like everyone was watching. I opened my mouth and showed
the Mistress Trevor's cum; it was still warm in my mouth.
" Very good Lynne." She said smiling. " Ever swallowed an Electricians cum
before?" I shook my head no. " Well you can now." She enjoyed watching me
swallow it.
" Go and wait outside. Kristy must be having trouble getting the old guy off. We
could be a while."
" Thank you Mistress." I said, trying not to smile myself. I wasn't going to
gloat in victory the way Kristy had. " Excuse me Mistress." I said politely as I
stood up and headed for the exit, still trying to lick cum off my teeth and off
the inside of my cheeks.
I don't know what it was but something made me turn around. I saw Kristy walking
towards the Mistress's table; her mouth shut tightly; her cheeks puffed out. I
saw her show the Mistress what she had in her mouth; I saw the Mistress say: "
Too late Kristy." I saw her head slump when she knew I'd beaten her this time. I
saw her swallow what she had in her mouth.
I stood and waited on the footpath outside the club as the Mistress had said to.
Four Electricians came up to me and tried to start conversations while I was
waiting.
Eventually I saw Kristy walking down the steps of the club. I like to dress like
a slave or a slut; I didn't like the way I looked in the "Mummy" dress they gave
me to wear. But I thought I looked better than Kristy. She can look really hot
in the right clothes with lots of make-up on and her hair all frizzed up; but
she looked really plain in her "Mummy" dress. She still had a good figure; but I
thought I looked better than she did.
The van pulled up near the curb. We must have looked like two midday
Outcall-only prostitutes as we climbed into the back.  We never spoke as we sat
on the floor of the van; but it was me with the smug smile this time. The van
pulled over and stopped and the door slid open. Trevor explained what we had to
do next. We were at a Topless Bar come Strip Club in the City. If the owner,
Rick, liked what he saw he'd hire us as waitress's. Whoever made the most in
tips would win this round of the contest and take the point.
I liked the sound of that. I knew guys would enjoy looking at my big tits more
than Kristy's little ones. But then, she was younger than me, and she had a
better figure. My initial confidence ebbed away as we drove along.
The club was shut and an attractive woman with short dark hair smiled when she
opened the door. " Can I help you? " She asked in a friendly voice. She could
have been a receptionist anywhere.
" We're here about the add in the paper." Kristy said.
" Oh I see, come in." She was a bit taken aback that two women dressed the way
we were, in "Mummy" dresses, had come about positions advertised for
'waitresses' at a Topless bar.
The club wasn't sleazy at all; quite the opposite really. It was quite large and
tiered to different levels. There were stools up at the bar; clusters of tables
around the room and lounges built into the walls running around the perimeter of
the club. The carpet and fittings looked new and there was a large stage at one
end that looked modern and well equipped.
Rick was in his office behind a huge desk smothered in papers and pictures and
printouts. He was a middle aged man, with shortly cropped greying dark hair; he
was quite an attractive man; and well dressed too.
" Excuse me Rick." The receptionist said as we stood in the doorway.
" These ladies are here about the positions you advertised."
" Thanks Angella.  Come in ladies." Rick said as he stood up. He looked more
than a bit surprised that women dressed like us were in his office.  " Hi. I'm
Rick."  He said flashing a bright smile. " And your....."
" Lynne."      " And I'm Kristy."
" Take a seat please. Would you like a drink; wine, coffee.....?"
" Yes please." Kristy and I said together. For a moment I thought we were going
to share the joke and laugh together; but we hated each other too much now for
that to ever happen again.
" Wine would be nice thanks Rick." I said pouting as best I could as I sat in a
very comfortable leather chair in front of his desk.
" I'll have wine too thanks Rick." Kristy said crossing her legs in an attempt
to attract his attention, but her dress was too long. He buzzed Angella on an
intercom and she quickly appeared with two glasses of very nice Riesling.
It was good to wash away the remnants of what Trevor the electrician had left in
my mouth. Kristy seemed pleased to rid herself of the last reminder of the old
guy she'd sucked off too.  " Do you Ladies understand the nature of the
positions available?"
Rick asked as he ran his eyes over us. He seemed to like what he saw.
" Yes we do Rick."  I said in a soft voice, making sure his eyes met mine. "
You're after women to work as Topless Waitresses. I think I'm well equipped for
that position Rick."
" Me too." Kristy added quickly. " I'm sure I've got what you're looking
for Rick "
" Have either of you ever done this sort of thing before?"
" No." We both said in innocent voices. " But I'm a very quick learner Rick." I
added, smiling mischievously.
" Okay Ladies. This is how it works." Rick said before Kristy had a chance to
say anything else. " We dress you in black stockings, Garter-belt; black
G-String panties and black very high heeled shoes. And that's it.  You walk
around the club serving drinks dressed like that." He waited for our reaction.
We both smiled. " Sounds great." Kristy said. " I'm willing to do whatever you
want Rick."
" Okay. Well I'll need to see what you look like."
" Yes Sir." Kristy answered instinctively.
" Sir?" Rick said laughing quietly. " Just call me Rick...." He still wasn't
sure if the two ladies in the 'Mummy' dresses were serious. But he wasn't what
I'd expected. I thought he'd be some sleazy guy who called us 'Dumb Whores' and
treated us like 'Dumb Whores.' Rick wasn't like that at all.
We both stood up and tried to look more seductive and sexy than the other as we
took off our 'Mummy' dresses. Rick's eyes wandered over our bodies as we stood
facing him and took off our bras. He spent more time looking at my tits than he
did at Kristy's. He leant forward and buzzed the intercom.
" Angie. Get Bruno and Nick to come in here please."
" Sure Rick."
" Okay. The customers are mainly men, but we do get a few women as well. They
pay $80 just to get in and $15 for spirits , $10 for beer or wine and $5 for
soft drinks. We're not a cheap Kings Cross Strip Joint and we don't employ
whores." He looked at us but didn't say anything. He obviously didn't think we
were whores.
" People spend a lot of money for a night out here; and we want them to enjoy
themselves, and hopefully come back. The Dancers provide the entertainment,
we've got some really great women who do fantastic shows. Your job would be  to
help make the customers happy. You'd be like a novelty thing; the dancers are
the main attraction. And there's a lot more to it than just walking around
flashing your tits. The customers can grope you if they want to and they can
talk to you however they want to. If someone gets their kicks out of abusing you
then I don't care as long as they're happy and neither will you."
" Sure, not a problem Rick." Kristy said as she started to take off her cotton
panties. I quickly took mine off too.
" You ladies aren't at all shy are you?" Rick said smiling.
" You want to see what you're getting if you hire me." I said cheekily.
" Yes I do." Rick said smiling again, he had a really nice smile. " It's not as
easy as it sounds though. If someone doesn't like you or thinks you're an ugly
whore and tells you to fuck off, you smile and politely fuck off."
He waited for a reaction again but we just smiled, Kristy said: " Not a problem
Rick."
I said: " Someone doesn't like me and tells me to fuck off, I fuck off.  That's
fine with me Rick. They're paying a lot of money and they're entitled to have a
woman that appeals to them to serve them." Rick smiled at me.
" You have to tell the customer you're sorry and you hope you haven't spoilt
their night and that you'll have another girl serve them.  If a customer is
enjoying insulting you or being rude to you; you go back as often as you can so
he can enjoy himself some more. That's what you're here for."
" The customer does whatever they want and can say whatever they want. I just
keep smiling. Sounds good to me Rick." Kristy glared at me.  " That's exactly
right." Rick said sounding pleased with me." The security guys decide if
someone's a problem, not you girls." " That's fine by me." Kristy said for the
sake of saying something as she ran her hand over the top of her crotch, trying
to get his attention. He hadn't said anything about us. I thought he would have
said something about our tits and shaved cunts. He looked, closely, but he
didn't make any comments at all. I didn't know whether he liked what he saw or
not.
" Why do you ladies want to do this?"
" For the money." Kristy said.
" And because I'd be good at it." I said. " I'd enjoy it. It sounds like fun."
" I like you're attitude, Lynne was it ?" I nodded. " If you don't enjoy it and
have a bit of fun then you're no good to me." Kristy wanted to say something but
Angella walked in with two men and she didn't get the chance. I shot her a quick
smirk.
" What do you think of these two?" Rick said. " Turn around ladies."
We turned around and Angella and two very ethnic looking men looked us up and
down.
" Ladies, this is Bruno, and Nick. This is Lynne and......." Rick had forgotten
her name.
" Kristy." She said abruptly. She obviously hadn't made much of an impression on
Rick so far.
" This one's got big tits."  Bruno said as he grabbed a handful.
" Yeah, and they're nice tits too." Nick added having a feel for himself. As
much as I enjoyed the feel of their hands on my tits; I enjoyed the fact that
they were ignoring Kristy even more.
" She's well proportioned." Angella said tilting her head to one side.  "Come
and have a feel too Angie Baby." I said to myself. Angella was a spunky little
thing.
" She's got nice nipples too." Angella said as my nipples grew stiff from the
attention they were getting from Nick and Bruno. " She won't need to be iced up
much by the look of it." They all laughed and I didn't know why.
" The other one's a bit flat." Bruno said turning his attention to Kristy.
" She's got a good figure though." Angella said. " Cute arse. What's the go with
the shaved pussys?"
" I thought you'd like that Angie." Rick said from behind us. " I like it too. I
thought we could dress them in crutchless panties and just use them for drinks.
We haven't got anyone doing crutchless at the moment."
" Crutchless would be great." Bruno liked the idea. " Guys love bald cunts."
Nick added looking right between my legs.
" So do women." Angella said smiling. " They couldn't serve food like that. But
just drinks would be Okay. And none of the other girls will do crutchless. Will
these two do crutchless ?"
It was weird the way they talked about us as if we weren't there. Up until then
Rick had called us ladies and treated us as ladies. Now we were just objects to
be assessed. We were suddenly whores again.  " Why do we have to take both of
them? What is it, some sort of package deal." Bruno didn't laugh at his own
joke; neither did the others.
" We don't have to take both of them." Rick said from behind us. " Ok yes or no;
This one:" He pointed at me.
" Yep. She's a goer." Bruno said.
" Yeah, but preferably crutchless." Was Nick's comment.  " Same here. Yes, but
preferably crutchless." Angella said looking at my now wet cunt, then our eyes
met for a moment. I think Angella liked my big wet cunt.
" Ok. And the other one." Rick pointed at Kristy.
" No." Bruno said without hesitating. " Blokes want Big Tits."
" I'd say Yes, but ONLY crutchless, otherwise I'm with Bruno." " I agree with
Nick. She'd have to be crutchless. The other girls could cover their tables with
the snack food."
" Okay." Rick said after Angella had finished. " Thanks for that."
The other three took another look at us before they left. It had been an
interesting experience. Strange in that I found it very arousing sexually, but I
didn't feel at all humiliated or embarrassed. I just love being on display.
Having people looking at me and saying things about me.  But the weirdest part
is that I get turned on more by being insulted than by being praised. I get much
wetter when people say things like: " She's an old whore with a fat arse." Than
I do when they say: " She's got great tits and a nice big cunt." Or things like
that. The more degrading the comment, the wetter my big bald cunt gets.
" Okay. Give me another look at you."  He spent more time looking at me than he
did looking at Kristy. " Do either of you have a problem wearing crutchless
panties?"
" No Rick, that sounds like fun." Kristy said.
" Sounds like more than just fun." I said smiling." And I'll work for just tips
to start with Rick. If you think I'm worth it, you can pay me what you pay the
others when you're ready."
" It's a deal Lynne. Can you start tonight?"
" I can start now Rick. I'm dressed for it." We both laughed, Kristy didn't.
" Get dressed and go and see Angella. She'll show you what to do."
" What about me?" Kristy asked nervously. This point in our contest was just
about mine.
" I'm sorry....Kristy. But you really need to have big tits for this sort of
thing. " Kristy was still trying to talk her way into a job when I left. After
that I was  sure she'd try to suck or fuck her way into a job, but Rick didn't
look like the kind of guy who worked that way. He ran his business very
professionally.
Angella took me into a large dressing room behind the stage. There were Vanity
units with Hollywood globes running around them, mobile hangers crammed with
lingerie and costumes for the dancers.
" Okay. All the girls wear the same thing. Black high heeled shoes; black
stockings and garter belts; and black G-String panties. You're wearing
crutchless, aren't you?"
" Yes, that's right."
" Okay. Well, you start the night off in normal G-String, and then go
"Crutchless" about half way through the night. The customers love it."
Angella watched me take off my clothes and change into the Lingerie.  I
pretended to have trouble with the garter belt and Angella quickly offered to
help. I saw the look in her eyes when her face was level with my crotch as she
crouched down beside me. She had a wedding ring on but I could tell Angella
liked pussy.
She explained how things were done while I put some make-up on at one of the
Vanities with the Hollywood lights.
I had to take their order, get the money first, and then go to the bar.  But I
was NEVER to touch the money. I had to hold the tray out for the customer to put
the money on, then go to the bar and hold out the tray for the bar staff to take
the money off. They'd get the drinks and work out the change and put it on the
tray.
Once I'd served the customer their drink I had to offer them their change. It
was up to me then to persuade the customer to tip me. I could do just about
anything to get a tip bar bending over and taking it up the arse on the table.
But I was to smile and be polite whether they tipped me or not.
When I did get a tip, I still couldn't touch the money at the table.
" Get the customer to put the money on your tray or down the tops of your
stockings or down the front of your panties."
" What about the back of my panties, can they put the money there.?"
I asked smiling seductively at her.
" They can stick it up your arse for all we care." Angella said laughing She
leaned over and put her hands on my shoulders. " Just don't touch the money.
Okay Lynne ?"
" Sure Angella. I won't touch the money."
" Now, when you get a tip, you go over to the bar, and Nick or Bruno will take
the money and put it in a tin and you collect it at the end of the night. And
don't worry Lynne. Every dollar you get tipped will be in your tin when you
collect it."
After that Bruno had me pretend that he was a customer and I had to serve him. I
got the hang of it pretty quickly. I was standing there holding out the tray
while Bruno gave me some tips on how to get tips when the lights suddenly dimmed
and the stage lit up. Rick ,Angella, and Nick sat at the table with Bruno.
" What's going on?" Bruno asked casually.
" That other girl, Kristy." Rick said. " She's a great dancer. She put a little
show on for me in my office. She's got all the moves. I thought she might be
alright as a Lap Dancer. She says she'll do it for tips only until she's proved
herself. I want your opinions."
" Get me a Coke." Rick said barely looking at me. " I'll have a Mineral Water."
Angella said without looking at me at all. " Coke." Bruno said, he didn't look
at me either. " VB." Nick said looking at the stage.
" You've been thinking about using Lap Dancers Rick." Angella said as I started
to walk away. " This would be a good way of trialing it without the expense and
hassle of finding someone. If she's no good, we just can her. It's a no lose
scenario for us."
" I agree Ange." Rick said. " But from what I saw she's........" I didn't hear
the rest of what Rick said. " Fucking Bitch." I swore to myself as I lent on the
bar and waited for Bronco the barman. " A fucking lap dancer;
Fuck !"
" Two cokes, a mineral water and a VB."  Bronco is a very attractive man.  Dark
skinned, tall, with a hint of a French accent. I assumed he was from New
Caledonia. He really had my attention at first; but I was too pissed off to
think about having his big black cock in my mouth now.
The stage lights dimmed and then lit up brightly. Kristy was dressed in a short
black coat; and dancing to Shania Twain's " Man I feel like a Woman."  She
looked hot. Just like she did those times at the disco on the Gold Coast. She
sure could move that body of hers. She slowly took the coat off in rhythm with
the music and twirled it around and flung it away; she had only the standard 
Black high heeled shows; black stockings and garter belt; and black G-String
panties on underneath the coat. Kristy looked incredible  dressed like that with
heaps of make-up on and her hair all frizzed and up. Even I got turned on just
looking at her.
I carried the tray back to the table and put their drinks in front of them. 
Angella wasn't interested in me now, her eyes were on Kristy as she strutted
around the dance floor. I poured the VB into a glass for Nick as the music
changed and Kristy swaggered down the aisle towards the table.
" Out of the road Lynne." Rick said and I stepped back so Kristy could step up
onto a chair and then onto the table. They all loved the way she moved. Their
eyes devoured her body. Kristy must have picked up the vibes from Angella too
because she did the lap dance on her lap. I thought Angella was going to wet her
pants. " Dyke Bitch." I swore to myself.
" Well what do you think?" Rick said when the music ended. Kristy was still
sitting on Angella's lap. " I think she's great." Angella said. Big fucking
surprise that was.
It was 2.00 o'clock. Rick told me to go and get changed and be back by 5.00. The
bar opened at 6.00. Angella went off with Kristy to help her pick some other
clothes to wear. " I hope her tongue gets stuck up your arse you fucking dyke
bitch." I swore at Angella under my breath.  I wandered the streets until 4.30
and went back to the club. Kristy hadn't won this round yet. I was going to
hustle my arse off, and bend Ricks rules where I could. This round of the
contest wasn't over yet.  I had a shower and started getting dressed as other
women started turning up. They were all young and attractive, and they all had
big tits.  Only one of them spoke to me: " This is for the Dancers. The
Waitresses get changed behind the bar."
" Sorry." I said sarcastically. " I didn't know." Apparently the Strippers who
call themselves dancers don't mix with the lowly Topless waitresses.  There were
six other women getting dressed as Topless Waitresses in the small change room
behind the bar. None of them liked me either. They'd heard I was going to go
Crutchless. They all refused to; they were too good for that.
" Come on Ladies." Bruno said walking into the room. " Time to shake your tits
and wiggle your arses."
We were given groups of tables to work. Mine were right up the back. I had to
stand there waiting for the customers to come in. The early one's went straight
up to the front close to the stage. I stood there in just my panties and
stockings as men walked passed me headed towards the front near the stage.
But the club soon started to fill up. My first customers were a group of
businessmen in suits and ties. One of them slapped me on the arse as he walked
passed me.
" Hi. I'm Lynne. What can I get for you?" I asked as I had been told to.
They were all looking at me, mainly at my tits, but they weren't openly staring.
" A few drinks will change that."  I thought to myself.
" Do you have Crown?" One of them asked.  "What about 4X ?"
" I'm sorry, I don't know. I'll have to check." They looked at me as if I was
stupid. I bolted over to the bar. " Why didn't anybody fucking tell me what sort
of beer we had?" I mumbled to myself as I waited for Bronco to put the change on
the tray of a young blonde woman with huge tits and a great arse.
" Excuse me Bronco." I didn't want to wait any longer. " What sort of beer do we
have." The blonde with the big tits rolled her eyes at me. Bronco threw a Drink
List on the bar in front of me and I quickly tried to memorise the Beer, Wine,
Spirits and Soft Drinks available, and went back to the table. " I'm sorry I
said leaning over slightly so my tits would wobble around for them. " We don't
have Crown."
They gave me their orders again:   " VB."  " Tooheys"   " VB."  " Scotch
and Dry"   " Fosters"   " VB." " That's $65" I said hoping I'd added it up
right as I held out my tray.
They argued about who would shout first. They were waving wallets and money
around trying to impress each other. Eventually one of them put two fifties on
my tray.
" Three VBs, One Tooheys, One Fosters and a Scotch and Dry." I said to a man
behind the bar I hadn't seen before. There were four men plus Bronco behind the
bar now. They all checked me out, but none seemed particularly impressed.
I served their drinks and held the tray out with the $35 change on it. The man
took the $35 without looking at me. " Thanks." I said trying to smile.  It was
like that for a while. They all looked at my tits and between my legs in a
discreet way and no one tipped me.
But after a couple of drinks and a couple of strips up on stage, they all
started to loosen up a bit.
" Is there anything I can do for you ?"  I said leaning over to four young men
sitting at a round table right at the back. " You could lose 20 pounds off
you're arse for a start." One of them said and they all laughed loudly.
" Don't you like my fat arse?" I said trying to sound disappointed and sexy at
the same time. " No. But I like your tits. I bet you've knocked a few drinks
over with those in your time."
" Not as many as I've knocked over with my fat arse." I said looking down at my
arse with a feigned sad look. They all laughed. One of them smacked me lightly
on my arse and left his hand there. " I like your arse."
He said as he ran his hand over me. " I like your hand." I said smiling.  They
tipped me $5. One of them put it down the front of my panties while the others
watched.
I started to get to know the people at my tables, and most of them started to
tip me. They all put the money down the front of my panties.
Some guys called me their whore. Others their 'piece of arse.' Some rubbed my
arse when I served them. Others liked to play with my tits or pull on my
nipples. One guy kept wanting me to tell him how wet I was.
Others wouldn't tip me unless I pulled my panties back and showed them my shaved
cunt. One group of men kept waving money at me to get under the table and suck
them off. " Later." I kept telling them with a smile. One guy tipped me in coins
that he put down the front of my panties. They usually fell out before I got
back to the bar. Another guy always put the money in mouth, between my teeth.
There were two women sitting alone at a table for two up in a corner. I assumed
they were Lesbians but they hadn't done anything all night to show that they
were. They looked like average women. They were both drinking Bacardi and Coke.
I walked over to them while a woman on stage did an act with a very clever and
very lucky snake.  One of them put a $20  note down the front of my panties as I
lent over to ask them if they wanted another drink. " Thanks." I said, "What can
I get for you ladies?"
" You can get us off." The brunette who put the money down my panties said. " I
don't think I can do that I'm sorry." She waved a Hundred in front of me and put
it under my nose and told me to smell it.
" Sure." I said and I sniffed the note. It smelt of cunt juice. " What exactly
do you want me to do Miss?"
" She doesn't want you to do anything." The older blonde one said, and the two
women giggled, the way drunk horny women giggle " I want you to get under the
table and lick my cunt. Right here with all these people around."
" I'd love to Miss. I bet you taste good. But I'm not allowed to do that."
" Just get our drinks then." The other one said. They didn't tip me again after
that.
There was a young couple in another dark corner. She was quite pretty, and very
nervous, he was drunk. " Excuse me." The young woman said as I walked past. Her
husband wasn't with her.
" What can I do for you Miss?"
" I'd um, I'd like a drink."
" Sure, what can I get you Miss?"
" I'm not sure. Let me think for a minute." She licked her fingers and slid her
hand down between her legs and started playing with herself under the table. "
Show me your cunt. Like you did for those men."
" Sure Miss." I pulled my panties to one side and showed her what she wanted to
see. She moaned quietly when she saw my shaved cunt.
" Do you like my shaved cunt Miss? I love shaving my cunt. I get so wet and I
always end up masturbating."
" Oh God." She panted softly. Looking around nervously.
" Don't worry Miss. No one can see you."
" Can I touch it, can I touch your big wet cunt?"
" Sure Miss. I'd love you to touch my big wet cunt. But I'm very wet. You'll get
my cunt juice all over your fingers."  She moaned louder this time.  Her hand
was moving faster under the table as she reached out with her other hand and
rubbed my cunt. Then she put her fingers in her mouth so she could taste me.
" You can go now. Go away." She didn't even tip me.
" Thank you Miss." She stopped playing with herself and her husband appeared
from no where. They smiled at each other. He saw me looking at them.
" Go on, Fuck off." He growled at me. So, I fucked off. They left soon
afterwards and probably fucked their brains out in the carpark. If the woman
made it as far as the car park.
I hadn't seen Kristy all night and was beginning to think that she wouldn't be
doing her little strip and lap dance thing after all. But then the music started
again, the curtain opened, and Kristy was on the stage in a short black skirt
that was level with her crotch, black panties, black fishnet stockings, high
heels, and a black bra underneath a white blouse that wasn't done up. She looked
incredible. The dirty slut look.
She danced around for a while; then took off her blouse, then her skirt, then
her bra, and moved down onto the floor of the club. She spent the next hour or
so sitting on men's laps rubbing herself against them and doing everything short
of fucking everybody in the club. The crowd loved her. People shoved money down
her stockings and down the front of her panties. I lost count of the number of
times she went to the bar to hand in her tips. The whole crowd applauded when
she was finally finished.
" Time to go crutchless." Bruno said as I was at the bar getting an old guy a
drink. I took him his Scotch and Coke, held out the tray with his $15 change on
it and said: " You couldn't spare any of that for me could you.  I need
something down the front of my panties to soak up all my juices down there." He
was pretty drunk, I thought he might slip me something.
" You make me sick you fucking whore." He said angrily.
" I'm sorry Sir." I said smiling. " I won't bother you again. I'll get one of
the other girls to serve you. I'm really sorry, I hope I haven't spoilt your
night." I started to walk away.
" Come back here whore."
" I'm sorry Sir, I thought you wanted me to leave."
" I want you to admit what you are."
" I'm a whore. A cheap whore."
" You always were Lynne." I had no idea who he was. But he obviously knew me.
" Is there anything else I can do for you Sir?"
" Yeah, fuck off."
" Yes Sir." I walked trying to figure out who he was. But things kept happening.
I was a lot more popular when I was wearing the crutchless panties. Everybody
loved my shaved cunt. And everybody started tipping me more. People were calling
me over to their tables to serve them. Even the old guy who had told me to fuck
off called me over as I walked near him.
" Come here whore." He sneered at me.
" What can I do for you Sir?" I said, I still had no idea who he was.
" A bald cunt." He said smiling as he looked between my legs. " You've got big
cunt flaps Lynne."
" Thank you Sir. I have got big cunt flaps haven't I?"
"Big droopy tits, a fat arse and big cunt flaps. How did an old mole like you
get a job here with all these hot babes?."
" Maybe I'm here because I'm fat and ugly and it makes the other girls look
better. "
" You're only here for people to laugh at Lynne."
" I think you're right Sir. Would you like me to fuck off now ?"
" Bend over and show me that fat arse of yours first."
" Certainly Sir." I turned around and bent over for him. " It's one big fat arse
isn't it. I hope looking at it doesn't make you throw up Sir." Before I knew it
he had me pinned to the table; his cock in his hand; trying to fuck me up the
arse.
" Sorry Lynne." Voices said as men in Security uniforms came from everywhere.
They bashed the crap out of the poor old bloke before they even got him outside.
I dread to think what they did to him once they got him outside.
" I'm really sorry Lynne." Rick was standing beside me with his arm around me. "
Are you Okay? That's not suppose to happen, Security are suppose to stop it
before it happens. "
" Sorry Rick." One of the Security guys said nervously once he came back inside.
" The old guy looked harmless."
" It's Okay Rick." I said smiling. " The old guy was drunk, I thought he was
harmless too." Rick took a wad of notes out of his pocket and held out two
hundreds. " This is a tip from me."
" Where would you like to put it Sir?" I said smiling, Rick smiled back as he
put it down my stockings.
The little drama up the back had gone pretty well unnoticed. People were still
drinking and watching the dancers. The other waitresses were still serving
drinks and hustling for tips.
People got noisier and cruder as the night became morning, and everybody got
drunker. But the tips got bigger. By 4.00 am the strips were over but there were
still quite a few people around.
I saw Rick and went and asked him for a favour. He looked around the club. I
showed him where they were, and he smiled and said: " Alright, you've had a good
first night, and you obviously need the money. But be discreet." I went over to
the table with the two women.
" Last drinks ladies, and your last chance for anything else you might want." "
You'll do it?" The brunette one said excitedly. " Right here under the table?"
" Do what Miss?" I said innocently.
" You'll get under the table and lick my cunt, right here in the club."
" If you do her, you got to do me too." The blonde one said with her hand
already between her legs. She was hornier than the other one now.
" I'll do whatever you want me to do Miss. That's what I'm here for." They
looked at each other like randy little schoolgirls. " Me first." The brunette
said.
One thing I'd learnt as a whore on the streets of Kings Cross was that people
will pay more while they're hot and horny than they will after you get them off.
" Aren't you going to put something down my stockings for me too Miss?"  The
blonde one held out the Hundred dollar bill and slowly put it down the top of my
stockings. Then I moved closer to the brunette one. She wrapped her hand around
my leg and stroked my cunt with her other hand. " I like that Miss." I panted at
her. " Do you have anything for me ?"
" Yeah, a hot wet cunt." She panted. " You have to do me too. Right here in the
club."
" I'd do you anywhere Miss." I said in a passionate voice. She reached into her
purse and pulled out a fifty. I looked down at her with a sad face.  She pulled
out another fifty and put them down my stockings.
" Now quick, get under the table." The Brunette one said. " Me first."
I looked around the room. Everybody was drunk and groping the other waitresses
while they hustled for tips. I quickly ducked down and under the table, The
brunette one had her legs open and no panties on. The blonde one was the same. "
What have you two been up to I wondered." The blonde one  played with herself
while I licked and sucked on the brunettes one's wet cunt. Her arse lifted up
off the chair and I think she came, but it was hard to tell. I knew she had when
she pushed my head away.
There wasn't a lot of room under the table but I managed to turn around and bury
my face between the blonde ones legs. She held my head and fucked my face. I was
sure I knew when she came.
Three men sitting a few tables up saw me crawl out from under the table.  I
smiled at them. The two women were glowing; their faces flushed with excitement
and fulfilment. I don't think they were Lesbians. I think they were probably
just bored housewives desperate for some fun in life. I think I'd been able to
help them out with that.
We'd stopped serving drinks and there were only a few people left in the club. I
had a shower and got changed back into my "Mummy" dress and collected my tips of
Bruno. He had the money in a big thick sealed envelope. Rick came up and said he
was very pleased with my first night and gave me a card. " Give me a call if you
want to work tonight Lynne."
The sun was coming up as I walked outside. I was exhausted and thought about
catching a taxi to The Mistress's house. But I wasn't going to spend any of the
money I'd made in tips, and that was the only money I had. So I walked all the
way across the city to her house.
Kristy was already there; kneeling on the floor in front of the Mistress in the
Sitting Room; still in her floral Mummy dress just like me; and clutching an
envelope full of money, just like me. Monica had black gear on this time as she
led me by the arm to the Mistress. I fell to my knees next to Kristy.
" Well, my little whores. How much money did you make for me." We passed The
Mistress our envelopes and she had Monica count the money. " Kristy has $240
more than Lynne Mistress." Kristy's face lit up.
" Another point for you Kristy." The Mistress said patting her on the head
affectionately. >

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 29. A CELEBRATION.

The revolving restaurant at the top of Centre Point tower in the heart of Sydney
offers panoramic views of the city and beyond. A couple sat by the window and
looked out over the city to the south. They watched as a Boeing 747-400
descended from the darkness to land at Mascot airport.
" So. They're both unconditionally submissive now; both purely sexual creatures
?" Lynne's husband said as he turned to face the Blonde Woman sitting opposite
him.
" Yes. They have no sense of dignity or self respect left at all. They've both
surrendered their honour completely. They do whatever I tell them to."
" And the more disgusting or degrading it is the more they like it."
" No, the more they love it. We've broken them, and rebuilt them the way we
want them"
Lynne's husband let out a slow pleasurable breath and stared out at the bright
lights of Sydney below him. " They always were what they are now. We just helped
them to realise what they are; and to accept it."
The Blonde Woman smiled at him, she'd heard him say those very same words
before. " Neither of them have any limits any more. The contest is close, either
could win; but it doesn't matter who wins."
" Agreed." Lynne's husband said as he turned to face her  again." Where are they
now ?"
" Strutting their stuff in a strip club." They smiled at each other.
" I feel like celebrating."
" I thought you would." The Blonde Woman said still smiling. " I've  got just
the woman for you."
" Is she ready ?"
" Does it matter ?" They smiled at each other again. " I'm bored with her
anyway. But it's been fun playing with her. She's such a confused little thing. 
She has all that power and fame; she's such a dominant woman in every aspect of
her public life; and she's such a submissive little slut in her private life.
She's a remarkable woman."
" And she's destined to achieve a lot in her public life." Lynne's husband added
thoughtfully. " She'll be a useful ally.......If we allow her to succeed."
The lift descended quickly and the chauffeur had the limousine waiting for them.
The drive to St Yves took them over the Harbour Bridge and into the leafy
surrounds of one of Sydney's wealthiest suburbs.
" She's never been with a man before?" Lynne's husband knew she hadn't, but
still found it hard to believe.
" Never." The Blonde Woman replied as they walked up the cobbled stoned footpath
of the Tudor Style Home. " She's smart, IQ of 143 so we don't want to give her
too much time to think."
" I don't care what her IQ is or how smart the stupid bitch thinks she is. Give
her time to think, it will only make it worse for her and better for us."
Lynne's husband replied with a harsh edge to his voice.
The maid smiled when she opened the door. She was an attractive woman, slim,
late 20s, short dark hair and smooth olive skin. Like all the female servants
she wore a short black skirt, black stockings, a sheer white blouse and low
heeled shiny black shoes.
" Good evening Mistress." She said timidly. The Blonde Woman pushed past her and
led Lynne's husband into a large brightly lit foyer.
" Have you got the Butt Plug up your arse like I told you to Kim ?"
" Yes Mistress."  She replied quickly, a desperate edge to her voice.
" Good." The Blonde Woman said quietly but firmly. " Where's Cathy ?"
" Miss Thomas is in her study Mistress." She'd had the plug up her arse for
hours teasing her; arousing her. All she needed to cum now was her Mistress's
permission.
Catherine Anne Thomas was the owner of the house. She was an only child; her
father had left her mother for an 18 year old swimwear model when her mother was
seven months pregnant with Catherine. Her father left his mother with a huge
divorce settlement and a simmering hatred of men: Catherine inherited both off
her mother. And at just 31 she was on the verge of being appointed to a Senior
Cabinet portfolio.
She was a typical right wing politician. She preached the virtues of 'The
Family', and bemoaned the decline in 'Moral Standards'. She was anti - abortion;
was opposed to equal rights for Gay and Homosexual couples, and was strongly pro
censorship. Like most like her, her main strength was hypocrisy.
She is an attractive and intelligent woman; reasonably slim, with shoulder
length brown hair and smallish breasts. She has four passions in life. Power,
wealth, beautiful women and submitting herself to her 'Mistress'; the Blonde
Woman.
She pursues the first two in the spotlight of an adoring public and media. Her
other passions however are pursued with an obsessive degree of secrecy and
discretion. Fortunately there is no shortage of Laptop Lesbians in the Federal
Parliament or the Canberra Press Gallery who are all as equally paranoid about
secrecy and privacy as she is.
Very few people knew of Catherine's other life, unfortunately for her, the
Blonde Woman was one who did. Catherine had met her two years ago at a Party
fundraising  dinner. Catherine was attracted to her from the moment she saw her.
The sexual aura that surrounds the Blonde Woman had been as intoxicating and
addictive to Catherine as it had to Lynne and Kristy and others. The Blonde
Woman toyed with her all night.
Late in the evening Catherine was standing in front of the mirror in the Ladies
room fluffing her hair and checking her make up.  The Blonde Woman walked up
behind her and gently rested her hands on the soft skin of Catherine's bare
shoulders and they stared into each others eyes in the mirror. Neither spoke,
neither needed to. A few minutes later they were on the bed in Catherine's room
on the 17th floor. They're bodies entwined in a heated frenzy of passion and
lust.
Catherine and The Blonde Woman shared several nights of pleasure together over
the next few months. Catherine had never enjoyed sex as much in her life as she
did with the Blonde Woman. She wasn't in love with her, she wouldn't allow
herself to love anybody, but there were nights she ached for the soft touch of
her hands and tongue.
The Blonde Woman sensed Catherine's submissive side the first time they made
love, and slowly changed the way they made love. Each time they were together
the Blonde Woman took Catherine another few steps down a path she didn't even
know she was on.
Catherine had been as easy to manipulate as Lynne or Kristy and when the moment
was right, the Blonde Woman showed Catherine what she'd only ever fantasised
about.
She had the slaves serve them dinner and entertain them. Catherine saw the cages
where the slaves were kept; and watched in awe as a woman was whipped violently
in the dungeon. Within a matter of days it was Catherine tied to the whipping
post as the Blonde Woman flogged her and abused her.
Over the next two years Catherine submitted herself to the Blonde Woman when the
opportunity presented itself; but only ever to the Blonde Woman; no one else
knew this side of her; and no one else ever would.  They called it 'Playing' but
it was never a game to the Blonde Woman.
But ultimately, Catherine's passion for power and success was more important to
her than the physical and emotional pleasure she received at the hands of her
'Mistress.' Catherine had limits on when and how she would submit to her
Mistress; and the Blonde Woman was not interested in women with limits.
Catherine trusted very few people but the intimacy and the ecstasy she shared
with the Blonde Woman had led her to trust her completely. She had hired Kim on
the recommendation of the Blonde Woman.
The mud rakers had scoured through her past and come up with nothing to throw at
her. Catherine made very few mistakes in her life; she didn't know yet that
trusting the Blonde Woman was a mistake; let alone just how big a mistake it
was.
She was sitting behind a large Tasmanian Oak desk watching a tape of an
interview she'd done earlier on 'A Current Affair'. Her debating skills, her
intellect, her ability to think on her feet and the ruthless manner in which she
pursued those who opposed her was almost frightening. At times during debates
Catherine came as close as it is possible to drawing blood from an opponent with
the use of only words. She had no time for views different to her own.
But she found it difficult to concentrate; she'd made arrangements to meet the 
Blonde Woman later. She squirmed restlessly in her chair in anticipation of what
was to come.
Kim knocked softly on the door. She didn't need to this time, her Mistress was
here, but she still felt intimidated in Catherine's presence.
" What do you want !" Catherine didn't take her eyes off the image of herself on
the television.
" Um....Excuse me Miss." Kim said meekly.
" It's not what she wants that matters Cathy." The Blonde Woman said coldly.
Catherine's head spun in the direction of the familiar voice.
Catherine's demeanour gave no hint of surprise or concern as she watched the
Blonde Woman and a man she didn't know walk into her study. She gracefully eased
herself to her feet; her face lit up in the fake smile she had mastered at an
early age.
" You're early." She said calmly, then looked suspiciously at the man she didn't
know. She knew something was wrong, but she wasn't sure what. " And who is the
gentleman with you ?"
" Shut the fuck up Cathy." The Blonde Woman snapped at her as she slammed a
briefcase on the desk.
" Leave and shut the door behind you Kim." Catherine said, still seemingly
unfazed by what was happening.
" You were told to shut up you fucking little dyke slut." Kim spat at her. She'd
been waiting months to say something like that to the stuck up bitch.  Outwardly
Catherine remained calm. Her eyes moved from Kim to Lynne's husband and then to
the Blonde Woman.
" Alright." Catherine said in a measured tone. " Exactly what is it you want ?"
Her face still wore the fake smile.
The smile disappeared with a gasp as Lynne's husband grabbed her around the
throat and pulled her face close to his. No one had ever treated her like that
before, except the Blonde Woman when they were playing. For the first time in a
long time Catherine was frightened. Lynne's husband could see the fear in her
eyes, and he liked it.
" If you don't fucking shut up, I'll shut you up. Do you understand ?"
Everyone in the room was silent, but the room was still filled with the voice of
Catherine Anne Thomas. Her voice was coming from the TV; the tape of her
interview was still playing.
" The decline in moral standards in this country should be of concern to every
decent Australian. The Family is the corner stone on which.....
" Fuck you talk a lot." Lynne's husband said as he grabbed the remote off the
desk and hit the off button. " All you do is talk shit, eat pussy and beg to
have your fat arse spanked. "
" And she's not much good at eating pussy anyway." The Blonde Woman said
sarcastically. " I'm bored with you Cathy. But I thought I'd play with you one
more time; for old times sake..... Kim." Kim moved to the middle of the room.  "
Can you feel that big plastic plug up your tight little arse hole Kim ?"
" Yes Mistress." Kim answered softly, closing her eyes for a moment as she
spoke." I can feel it up my arse Mistress."
" Do you like the way it feels little slut  ?"
" I love the way it feels Mistress. It's stretching my arse hole open."  Kim's
voice trembled slightly as she spoke and stared submissively into her mistress's
eyes.
" Squeeze your arse hole around it Kim, squeeze your little slut arse hole
around that thing you stuck up yourself."
They watched as Kim's shoulders pulled back and her body grew tense as she
squeezed her arse hole around the plastic butt plug .The expression on her face
showed the intense pleasure what she was doing gave her.
" Tighter little slut, squeeze your little arse hole tighter."
" Yes Mistress..." Kim moaned softly.
" Now make your arse hole grab at it. Squeeze it and then let it go and squeeze
it again." They watched Kim's body tense and then relax as her body grabbed at
the plastic thing inside her. " Keep doing it Kim. Close your eyes and
concentrate on your tight little arse hole with that big but plug stuck up it."
" Yes Mistress." Kim moaned softly.
" Kim loves having things up her arse." The Blonde Woman said to Catherine.  "
Cock's, candles, tongues, vibrators. She can  cum from just having a butt plug
up her arse. Can't you Kim?"
" Yes Mistress." Kim panted, her face flushed, her silk panties soaking up the
juices that now flowed from her shaved cunt.
" Show Catherine how you get yourself off Kim." " Yes Mistress. Thank you
Mistress." Lynne's husband saw the look in Catherine's eyes. It was a look he
knew well. A look he'd seen many times with many women. He let go of her, and
watched her watching Kim.
" She won't even have to touch herself Cathy. She's somewhat............anally
obsessed, but she's a good little slut."
The room was silent except for Kim's heavy breathing. Catherine just stared at
her. Her body was tensing and relaxing as she squeezed her arse hole around the
plastic thing inside her. " It feels so good Miss." Kim groaned softly. " I make
my arse hole grab it like this....... And then I let it go and then I grab it
again. It's like someone's fingering my arse hole."
Her breathing grew heavier, faster. " It's been up my arse for hours Miss;
spreading my arse hole open; moving around inside me when I walk; pushing up
inside me when I sit down. And when I bend  over it...."
Kim didn't speak any more after that, she couldn't. She just stood there making
her body grab at it, feeling it inside her, moaning louder as her orgasm grew
closer.
Catherine's face was flushed, her breathing heavy now too as she watched Kim get
herself off. Kim was moaning loudly as her body grabbed at it faster and faster.
She moved her legs close together and groaned loudly. The thing inside her felt
bigger now; standing like that made it stretch her arse hole wider. Her hands
were by her side clenched into tight fists, her knuckles turning white.
" May I cum Mistress ?" She panted desperately. " May I cum please ?"
" You'll have to ask Catherine. You're still her little servant girl."
" May I cum please Miss.........Please......... ?"
Catherine's voice shook as she spoke: " Yes."
Kim closed her eyes and grunted loudly as her orgasm shook her body. Her groans
became louder as her orgasm grew more intense; she threw her head back and
screamed as her orgasm peaked and whimpered softly as it slowly subsided. "
Thank you Miss." She panted as the last ripples of pleasure washed over her.
The expression on Catherine's face was very different now to the one she'd had
just a few minutes earlier. The defiance was gone; she had a glazed almost numb
look in her eyes. The crotch of her white silk panties was damp, she could feel
the moister seeping out of her.
The Mistress opened the briefcase she'd slammed on the desk earlier and threw a
red Slave Girl outfit and a dog collar and leash on the table in front of her.
" Do you want to play one more time Catherine ?" The Mistress asked taunting
her. She saw Catherine look at Lynne's husband and Kim nervously. " These people
can be trusted. I could have 'outed' you a long time ago if I wanted to
Catherine, your secret is safe. Do you want to play one more time Catherine ? 
You've never played with other people before.....You've never played with a man
before. You know you want to."
" No. I can't......." She wanted so desperately to say yes. " Why can't we just
continue as before ?" She pleaded softly. " You always had fun playing with me
before, why do we have to stop now...."
" Because I'm bored with you slut. You're a cheap whore who wants to pretend
she's something else. I have more interesting women to play with than you
Catherine. Look at Kim, she's a better whore than you. She's much more
attractive and she has a much better body than you; and Kim has a nice cunt, you
don't."
" I've never liked your hairy cunt Catherine. Your cunt should be shaved; all
sluts should shave their cunts shaved." Catherine licked her lips nervously as
the Mistress abused her.
" Please don't......" Catherine said in a low voice, her fingers running over
the sheer silk material of the scarf on her desk. The scarf she wore around her
body when her 'Mistress' played with her. " Please don't go."
Catherine needed one more time with her 'Mistress.' This would be her last
chance to act out the fantasies that had haunted her for so long. She'd had the
fantasies under control until she met the Blonde Woman;and she would control
them again once the Blonde Woman was out of her life; but she needed this one
last time with her.
Catherine eased herself onto her knees in front of the Mistress. " Please stay
Mistress, please stay and let me be your slave." She was theirs to do with as
they pleased now.
Kim dressed Catherine in the red Slave Girl outfit and led her out into the
sitting room by the leash attached to the dog collar around her neck. She led
her around the room, parading her for the Mistress and Lynne's husband who sat
together on a leather couch.
" She's very plain." Lynne's husband said looking at her disappointedly." She's
not at all pretty, her tits are too small and she's overweight."
" It's only her arse though don't you think ?." The Mistress said gesturing for
Kim to bring her over." She's got a fat arse, but the rest of her body isn't too
bad."
" It's not just her arse, she's fat; she's a fat slut. Aren't you?"
" Yes Master, I'm a fat slut." Catherine's voice trembled. She'd never displayed
herself like this to a man before. Never called a man Master before.  It made
her hairy cunt wet.
" I quite like her tits. They're an unusual shape, and her nipples are very
large when she's aroused, as you can see."  The Mistress said as she reached up
and squeezed Catherine's stiff nipples. " But she has the ugliest cunt you've
ever seen." She paused and looked into her eyes. " Show him." Catherine's hands
shook as she lifted up the front of her little Slave Girl skirt.  She'd never
shown a man her cunt before. Lynne's husband looked at her with an expression of
disgust on his face.
" You've got an ugly cunt slut." He ran his finger lightly over her wet lips. 
Catherine moaned softly. " Yes Master, I've got an ugly cunt, an ugly hairy
cunt." Her voice was heated now, her face filled with lust. She moaned again,
louder this time as his finger touched her clitoris.
" She's fuckable." Lynne's husband said looking at her. " But she'll have to be
shaved first. Take her away and prepare her for me."
" Yes Master." Kim said bowing her head.
Catherine stood in front of them again a few minutes later. " Did she behave
herself while you shaved her Kim ?"
" No Mistress. She kept trying to play with herself. She's such a horny slut."
" She wanted me to play with myself." Catherine said angrily. " She wanted me
kneel down on the floor and lick her shoes and play with myself."
" Think yourself lucky that Kim considers you worthy of licking her shoes little
whore. I take it you didn't do as she told you to ?"
" No Mistress. She's just a servant. I...."
" You think you're too good to lick her shoes, don't you slut ?"Catherine's head
slumped. " Yes Mistress."
" Well you're not. Get down and lick her shoes and tell her you're sorry for
being such a stuck up slut."
Catherine lowered herself to the floor and started licking the shoes of her
servant. " I'm sorry I'm such a stuck up bitch." She said as her tongue left a
trail of saliva over Kim's shiny black shoes. " I'm sorry I'm such a stuck up
fucking slut."
" That's better." The Mistress said. " Now, show us your cunt again."
Catherine moaned softly as she stood there holding up her little skirt while
Lynne's husband and the Mistress looked at her freshly shaved cunt. " It's still
ugly." Lynne's husband said running his finger over her lips and clitoris again. 
Catherine groaned loudly and her knees bent involuntarily.
" Calm down slut." The Mistress yelled as she slid a finger inside Catherine's
wet cunt. Lynne's husband's finger was still rubbing her clitoris; Catherine had
never been touched like this by a man before, let alone been treated like this
by a man. She'd only ever made love to women, only ever submitted herself to the
Blonde Woman.
" Can I cum please Mistress." She panted desperately. They all laughed at her.
" No you can't cum you dirty little whore. See what I mean about her, the little
slut  wants to cum already." The Mistress said spitefully." She's such a horny
little slut; such a selfish little slut."
" I am a horny little slut. I'm your horny little slut Mistress."
Catherine fell to her knees and started licking the Mistress's shoes. " I'm your
dirty little slut Mistress, I'm your whore, I'm your slave." Her tongue worked
it's way up the Mistress's leg. The Mistress pushed her away and stood over her.
" Eat me little whore."
Catherine crawled over to her and lifted the front of her dress, she had no
panties on. " Oh God Mistress. You have such a beautiful pussy." Catherine
licked her way up the Mistress's thighs and over to her pussy. The Mistress
looked over at Kim. " You know what to do."
" Yes Mistress." Kim knelt behind her and lifted the back of her dress. Lynne's
husband watched as The Mistress enjoyed the sensation of having Catherine's
tongue inside her pussy, and Kim's tongue up her arse.
" On my clit slut." The Mistress moaned softly. She grabbed Catherine by the
hair and pulled her head hard against her wet pussy as Kim's tongue slid in and
out of her arse hole.
" On the outside of my arse hole Kim, run your tongue around the outside of my
arse hole. Lick my clit faster Cathy, faster....Yes my little sluts. That's
it....That's what your Mistress like's."
She was moaning loudly now, fucking Cathy's face as she held onto her hair with
both hands. " Now stick your tongue right up my arse Kim, all the way up my
arse. Yes, that's it. Keep licking my clit Cathy, faster. Lick it faster you
little slut.....Now stick your tongue inside me Cathy......"
The Mistress came as Cathy's tongue slid into her wet pussy. She was very loud
when she came. Yelling out for her sluts to stick their tongues inside her.  She
pushed them away when she was finished with them and brushed out the creases in
her dress before she sat back down next to Lynne's husband on the couch.
Catherine was lying on the floor, her hands between her legs, her  fingers
probing away at her wet shaved cunt. " Stop it you little slut." The Mistress
said angrily. " No one said you could play with yourself."
" I'm sorry Mistress, I can't help it, I have to cum....I have to."
Lynne's husband stood up and took off his belt and whipped Cathy hard across her
arse. She yelped loudly but kept playing with herself. He hit her again.
" Stop it you dirty little slut."
" I'm sorry Master." Catherine panted after the third time she felt the sting of
his belt across her arse. " Get up bitch." Catherine knelt in front of him.  "
Get me hard. I want to fuck you now."
" I don't know what to do Master. I've never been with a man before."
" Kim will show you." Kim quickly knelt beside Catherine and unzipped his pants
and reached in and pulled his cock out.
" Like this Miss." She said, gently licking the head of his cock and then
sucking it into her mouth. Catherine tasted cock for the first time. She licked
it and sucked on it, her passion building as his cock swelled in her mouth. "
Gently Miss." Kim whispered. " Be gentle." When he was hard Lynne's husband
pushed Catherine to the floor.
" Please Master, I can't.....I'm not on any birth control....I........"
" That's your problem." Catherine stared at his cock from where she was laying
on the floor, he could do whatever he wanted with her.  He grabbed Catherine's 
leg, dragged her to where he wanted her, lied on top of her and shoved his cock
inside her. She moaned loudly as she felt a real cock inside her for the first
time. He fucked her slowly to start with and then faster and faster until
Catherine was ready to cum and then he pulled out.
" I want to cum in your mouth."
" Oh God Yes." Catherine groaned. " Make me suck your cock. Make me swallow your
cum."
He grabbed her roughly by the hair and fucked her face until he  filled her
mouth with his cum. She swallowed every drop of it and then hungrily licked his
cock clean. Catherine had tasted a man's cum for the first time.  She watched
them straighten their clothes and move towards the door.    " You can't leave me
like this Mistress. Please, I haven't cum yet."
" I'm not interested in whether you cum or not slut. I told you, I'm bored with
you." Catherine was lying on the floor rubbing her wet cunt as the Mistress
spoke, trying to cum while she still had an audience. " Enjoy the fruits of High
Office Cathy. I know you'll always remember me, but I certainly won't remember
you."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 30. THE CONTEST PART 3.

" Well, my little whores. How much money did you make for me."
We passed The Mistress our envelopes and she had Monica count the money.
" Kristy has $240 more than Lynne Mistress." Kristy's face lit up.
" Another point for you Kristy." The Mistress said patting her on the head
affectionately. Then she grabbed a handful of Kristy's hair and pulled her
towards her. Kristy screamed out in fright as much as in pain.
" How did you make your money little whore ?"
" As a Lap dancer Mistress and a..... "
" And how were you told to make your money? What were you told to be.?" The
Mistress's voice was low and angry.
" A Waitress Mistress, a Topless Waitress......" The Mistress threw her to the
floor. " You disobedient little whore."
The point was mine. From what I could figure out Kristy was still a point ahead
of me. But this contest was far from over. If Kristy kept fucking up like this
I'd win easily. The Mistress was absolutely furious with her, again.  We
showered in separate bathrooms and changed into our little white Slave Girl
outfits and were taken to our cages. It was early morning, and as I lay on my
bunk it occurred to me that women like us are nocturnal creatures, we sleep
through the day and are brought out at night to be used. I was tired; too tired
to get in another bitch session with Kristy." You're a stupid fucking slut
Kristy." I said dismissively, and rolled over so I wouldn't have to look at her.
I drifted off to sleep listening to Kristy sob quietly as she lay curled up on
her bunk. I woke again to the sting of Monica's crop. " Get up slut." She
snarled as she hit me on the thighs and arse. Then she went into Kristy's cage.
Kristy was awake and sitting on her bunk, enjoying the sound of the crop on my
arse; enjoying watching me squirm and hearing me squeal.
" Hi Monica." Kristy said, her eyes full of lust. The passionate expression on
Kristy's face was one I knew well. It was the way she used to look at when we
were lovers; but that all seemed such a long time ago now.
" Get on the floor you stupid slut." Monica snapped at her.
" What...."
Monica pulled Kristy off her bunk by her hair and threw her onto the floor. "
Get on your knees when you're told to you fucking whore."
" Yes Miss..." Kristy said, frightened by the look in Monica's eyes. Monica made
Kristy kneel down and stick her arse up in the air. Kristy groaned each time the
leather tip of the crop bit into the soft skin of her arse.
" You fucked up again, you stupid fucking slut." Monica yelled as she whipped
her. " Don't fuck up again Kristy."
" I won't Miss, I'm sorry." Kristy squealed as the crop hit her 15 or 20 times
in rapid stinging blows. " Thank you for punishing me miss. I deserve to be
punished." The crop had left its mark all over her arse.  Kristy felt the
leather tip running gently over her skin. It struck her with one more loud
stinging blow; then Monica held it menacingly in front of her face.
" Kiss it." Kristy ran her tongue over the leather tip and sucked it into her
mouth. " You'll be spending a lot of time on your knees with your arse up in the
air if you fuck up again Kristy."
" I won't fuck up again Miss." Kristy said as her tongue flicked at the leather
tip. " I promise I won't let you down again....And if I win the contest and the
Mistress keeps me I will always be yours too. I promised you that and I meant it
Miss. I'll be yours to do with as you please if I win. You'll have your own
personal slave when the Mistress isn't using us."
" Shut up you stupid slut." Monica snapped as she hit Kristy on the outside of
her thigh. Kristy swore from the pain. " I won't fuck up again Miss I promise, I
won't fuck up again.... "  I watched Kristy pleading to be forgiven and for the
whipping to stop.
She'd offered to be Monica's 'slave on the side' if she won. My first thought
was to tell the Mistress; but they'd both deny it and I would be punished. There
was nothing I could do about it. But it left me wondering what other tricks the
little slut was playing to win the contest.
We were given food: rice and water; and our birth control pills and then taken
to separate bathrooms where we showered and prepared ourselves as instructed. We
would be given three more opportunities to show the Mistress how much money we
could make for her; but she had some other things in mind for us first.
We were both dressed in our little white Slave Girl outfits and wore silver
studded red dog collars around our throats. Monica shackled us together with a
chain that was clipped to our collars .
The chain that joined us was only a few feet long, so we had no option but to
sit closer together in the back of the van than either of us wanted to. It was
strange how the love and passion I had for Kristy had so quickly turned to such
a passionate hatred. We said little to each other as we drove along, apart from
exchanging a few insults and bold claims of how we were better than the other
and would win the contest.
We were taken to a huge three story house somewhere. There were 60 or 70 very
ordinary looking people having a very ordinary party in a big screened-in
enclosure at the back of the house; there were breathtaking views out over the
Harbour. Everybody was dressed in smart casual clothing: Jeans, slacks, open
collared shirts, denim skirts. It was all very normal: Load music, people
dancing, others standing in groups talking and laughing.
It was a catered party; three very plain looking women in knee length Yellow
uniforms with their hair tied back in pony-tails served drinks and finger food
to the guests.
The only unusual thing about this party were the two women in a corner of the
large screened enclosure. Kristy and I were standing side by side in heavy steel
trays about 4'X4' and about 6 inches deep. Our ankles were shackled to the sides
of the trays forcing us to stand with our legs spread very wide apart. Our arms
were cuffed at the wrists and pulled up high above our heads with rusty chains
attached to a beam in the ceiling. We were stretched as far as we could be
without cutting off the circulation in our hands; and we were still shackled
together by the chain clipped to our collars. Neither of us could move.
The Mistress glided across the room towards us. She looked incredible in a pair
of tight black jeans and a skimpy black top, no bra, and high heeled black
shoes. Her long blonde hair gently swayed from side to side as she walked. I
felt myself getting moist just watching her. She is the most sexually stunning
woman I've ever seen.
" Having fun my little sluts ?" She said smiling as she sipped on a glass of
Champaign.
" Yes thank you Mistress." Kristy replied, as awe struck with the Mistress's
intense aura of sexuality as I was. The blood drained from Kristy's face just
looking at her.
" You didn't answer me Lynne ?" The Mistress said, knowing the reason why.
" I'm sorry Mistress, but you look so beautiful I....."
" I'm not interested in the opinion of a cheap whore like you Lynne. But it does
give me pleasure knowing that both of your husbands find me attractive. Far more
attractive than the women they married."
She was right, and Kristy and I both knew it. We weren't fit to be in the same
room as her. Women like us could only ever serve a woman like her.
" You're here tonight for two reasons. One: To provide an amusing side show for
the guests at this party. And Two: To attempt to gain a point in the contest
which has made you each others enemy." She paused for a moment, and ran her
fingers through her hair. " Which of you will hold out the longest for me?"
" Which of you will hold it in the longest for me ?"
Two of the waitresses with pony-tails walked over and stood in front of us. "
Are you thirsty ?" The Mistress asked in a sarcastic tone.
" Yes Mistress." We said, almost together. The waitresses both carried plastic
cups with red straws in them. They held the cups up to our mouths and we sucked
on the straws till the cups were empty. The Mistress smiled at us and walked
away; Kristy and I  both stared at her with passion in our eyes as we watched
the way her body moved.
The women threw the empty cups at our feet in the metal trays in which we were
standing. They returned regularly with cups of cold water with straws in them,
each time Kristy and I sucked on the straws until the cups were empty, and the
empty cups were thrown in our trays.
The people at the party had shown little interest in Kristy and I initially. It
was as if seeing two women wearing tiny little white skirts and see through silk
tops; chained to a beam in the ceiling and standing in metal trays was a common
occurrence. Perhaps to these people it was.
But by the time there were 4 empty cups in our trays, we attracted a lot more
attention. People came over and looked at us and talked about us. Some liked
Kristy more than me, others preferred me. But they all ended up asking each
other, which of us would wet ourselves first.
Two men had stood in front of us drinking beer, looking at us, talking about us
and having a friendly argument about which of us would: " Fill our tray first."
" The bigger one will hold out longer, obviously." One of them said pointing at
me. " She's a slightly larger build, so she can hold more."
" Oh Bullshit." The other one said. " Look at her. She looks like she's ready to
piss her panties now."
" I don't think they wear pants." His friend added laughing. He lifted up the
front of my skirt and the other man lifted up the front of Kristy's skirt. " No
panties on this one." The man holding up Kristy's skirt said. " I hope that's
cunt juice dripping out of you." He added laughing again.
" Yes Sir," Kristy said quickly. " It's just my cunt juice Sir."
" No panties on this one either." The one holding my skirt up said. " But look
at the size of her cunt. She's going to be a real gusher. I suggest everybody
stands back when this one pisses herself." They both laughed loudly.
" I still reckon that one will fill her tray first." The man in front of Kristy
said looking at me." I tell you what, I'll bet you $1000 that that one pisses
herself first."
" You're on." The other man said. " Don't let me down bitch." He said to me in a
threatening tone.
" I'll do my best Sir." Was all I could say and I wished I'd never said it. They
both laughed at me and repeated what I said in mocking voices.
" Excuse me Sir." One of the waitresses with the pony tails said. " It's time
for them to have another drink." She spoke like a slave.
" No worries." The man said and they stood back and watched us suck the straws
in the plastic cups until the cups were empty and thrown into our trays.
The men wandered away. " You've both been in similar positions to this before,
haven't you?" A woman said from behind us, she sounded familiar.  Kelly looked
different when she moved and stood in front of us. She was naked except for a
heavy leather thing with padlocks on it around her crotch and arse.
" Kelly. What are you doing here?" Kristy asked, she sounded very pleased to see
Kelly again.
" This house belongs to the woman I belong to." Kelly answered with a glint in
her eyes as she looked at Kristy. " I've missed you Kristy."
" I've missed you too." There was a pause as the two women looked at each other.
" What's that?" Kristy asked looking at the thing around Kelly's body.
" It's a chastity belt. My Mistress makes me wear it all the time. I'm not aloud
to cum. I haven't had an orgasm since she bought me." Her voice shook when she
said it. " But my Mistress loves denying me pleasure, and my role is to please
my Mistress."
Kelly's expression suddenly changed and she smiled. " But I was cleaning your
Mistress's shoes when she arrived and she told me that my Mistress is not
satisfied with me. I don't appeal to her anymore. She thinks I'm too butch, too
obviously a dyke. She wants to sell me and get a more feminine woman. And as it
turns out your Mistress was going to sell Colleen. Apparently Colleen disobeyed
the Mistress and masturbated without permission. Some bitch dobbed her in to the
Mistress." Kelly didn't acknowledge me when she said it.  She ignored me the
whole time. Her attention was focused on Kristy.
" So...." Kelly said with a grin. " They're going to swap us. Your Mistress said
she'd give me one more chance. I've learnt my lesson. I'll never disappoint her
again. So, as long as this is not all just a game they're playing with me; I'll
be coming back tomorrow, and Colleen will take my place here."
" I hope they're not just amusing themselves with all this Kelly." Kristy said.
" I hope you are back in the cage room with us tomorrow."
" So do I Kristy." Kelly said running her hand over the heavy leather chastity
belt. " Colleen can endure the agony of never being allowed to cum. I can't take
it much longer."
" What are you doing Kelly?" The Mistress asked angrily from behind her.
" Nothing Mistress." Kelly answered nervously. " What can I do to please you
Mistress?" She added bowing her head submissively..
" You can do as you were told. Stand over there, watch these two whores and let
everyone know if you think one them is going to wet themselves."
" Yes Mistress. Thank you Mistress." Kelly backed away with her head bowed and
stood off to the side in front of us to watch us.
The two waitresses appeared again and we drank the cold water through the
straws; the empty cups were thrown in our trays. There were seven empty cups in
each of our trays now. I decided not to look down to see how many there were
anymore. I thought it would be better not to know.
Kelly watched us for any sign that one of us couldn't hold on any longer, and
the waitresses with the Pony Tails kept bringing us cups of cold water. The
people at the party were watching us more closely now. A small group were
standing in front of us discussing which of us would piss ourselves first.
" This one looks like she could wet herself any minute."  A young attractive red
headed woman said, looking at Kristy. " She's got that look about her." She
added, snaking her finger down Kristy's stomach. " You need to, don't you little
whore ?"
" Yes Miss." Kristy said softly.
" What do you need to do little whore ?"
" I need to piss myself Miss." The look on Kristy's face was one of desperation.
I didn't think she'd be able to hold on much longer either. The way they had us
tied up, with our legs spread wide apart and our arms pulled up high above our
heads made it even harder to hold it in.
I hadn't been looking at how many empty cups were in our trays. I'd been trying
to think about something else; anything else. Anything to take my mind off what
I so desperately needed to do.
I'd been fantasising that I'd won the contest; that I was the Mistress's slave
kneeling at her feet in my little Red Slave Girl outfit. In my fantasy the
Mistress chose me to take to her bedroom to pleasure her in private. But the Red
head who was teasing Kristy brought me back from where my mind had taken me.
The urge to go was suddenly much more urgent, and the strain to hold it in so
much more difficult. Every muscle in my stomach and crotch was visibly tensed to
try and control my body, to try and stop it from doing what it needed to do. I
didn't think I could hold it in much longer.
Two of the waitresses with the pony tails and yellow uniforms excused themselves
as they worked their way through the crowd in front of us. They were carrying
big plastic buckets in each hand. They didn't look at us as they each tipped one
of the buckets into the metal trays Kristy and I we were standing in. The sound
of the water hitting the metal was tormenting, almost agonising to listen to. I
was overwhelmed with the urge to let out what they were making me hold in.
I tried closing my eyes to block everything out but it just made the sound of
the water pouring into the trays seem even louder. I couldn't help it, I looked
down and watched the water running like a little wave across the bottom of my
tray. I made little whimpering noises when the water ran over my feet; it was so
cold.  Then I saw all the  plastic cups riding on the crest of the wave; there
were so many empty cups.
It was even worse when the women poured another four buckets of freezing water
into each of our trays. The sound of water splashing on water was even more
torturous; as was the sensation of the water running up my legs. It was ankle
deep when they finished pouring the last bucket.
I looked over at Kristy. She was in agony too; mental as well as physical.
Simple things can be so cruel. These people understood how to be cruel.
I think everybody at the party was now standing around in an arc in front of us;
looking at us; discussing which of us would wet ourselves first. They obviously
sensed that one of us was going to disgrace ourselves very soon.
" They're stubborn little bitches." A tall dark skinned woman said. She had
beautiful long jet-black hair that fell down below her waist. " I think they
need more to drink. A lot more." A sea of faces watched us as we drank 3 more
cups of cold water, one straight after the other.
" Count the cups." The dark skinned woman said.
" Yes Miss." Kristy and I replied in desperate panting voices. We glanced at
each other. It was a cool night but Kristy had beads of perspiration on her
forehead and cheeks; her face was red. It was obvious she was really struggling
to hold it in now. I was just as desperate to let it out as she was; but I was
determined to hold on longer than she could.
We looked down and started counting the empty cups as they floated and bobbed
around in the water.
" 20 Miss. " My voice was little more than a whisper.
" 22 Miss." Kristy's voice was trembling.
" One of you sluts have miscounted." The dark skinned woman said, enjoying every
moment of our humiliation and suffering. " Count them again."
" Who the fuck are you anyway Bitch !" I said to myself. " Yes Miss." I said to
her. It was so hard not to just let it out and wet myself right there and then
as I tried to count the cups. I counted 21 this time, Kristy counted 22.
" Stupid sluts can't even count." Someone in the crowd said. The dark skinned
woman smiled and looked at us. " I think they're a bit.....distracted at the
moment."
Two of the waitresses with the pony tails and yellow uniforms appeared in front
of us again. Kristy made a strange noise and everybody looked at her. I nearly
wet myself at that instant, I only just managed to hold it in. Kristy's face was
contorted into an almost orgasmic expression.
" She's gunna blow." Some one said in the crowd and everybody laughed.
" Hold it in you fucking little whore." Someone else said. " I've got Five
Thousand Dollars bet on you. I'm going to be pissed off if you piss yourself."
Everybody laughed again. We were certainly providing the amusing side-show the
Mistress had spoken about. The guests were having a great time with us.  Somehow
Kristy managed to regain control of herself and a few people in the crowd
clapped, others booed. Kristy turned to me and shot me a defiant glare.
" Would you two ladies like to relieve yourselves ?" The dark skinned woman
asked." Yes Mistress." The two waitresses in pony tails and yellow uniforms
answered politely. " Very well, go ahead."
The two women kicked their shoes off, reached up under their dresses, slid their
yellow panties down to their ankles and stepped out of them. Then they lifted
their dresses up above their waists.
They both had neatly trimmed pussys and shiny Gold rings in their clitorises. 
The woman in front of me was a natural blonde. The woman in front of Kristy had
blonde hair, but her thin strip of pubic hair was black.
The room had grown suddenly silent; the only sounds were soft splashing noises
as the women stepped into our trays and squatted down in front of us, holding
their dresses up out of the cold water.
" Now Mistress ? May we do it now please?" The blonde one in my tray asked.  She
was looking up at me; her eyes locked onto mine, her face level with my crotch.
" Yes, you may do it now."
" Thank you Mistress." They replied in harmony.
The two women sighed softly and the sound of their warm urine squirting against
the cold water in our trays echoed around the room. The blonde woman squatting
in my tray had an almost blissful look on her face.
The sounds grew louder as the women forced it out of themselves faster. The
sound was almost too tormenting to take and it seemed like it would never stop.
" Oh God." I heard Kristy moan softly to herself.
It was all too much. The sound of what the women squatting in our trays were
doing; the look on the face of the woman in front of me; Kristy's desperate
moaning. I looked over at Kristy hoping she'd lost control of her body but she
hadn't. Her eyes were on fire as she watched and listened to the women squatting
in our trays. I could see how tense her stomach muscles were as she struggled to
hold it in. I couldn't hold it in any longer.
Kristy looked back at me; she could tell. An arrogant smile lit up her tortured
face: " You lose."
It was the smug look on Kristy's face that gave me the determination and the
strength to hold on. " Not this time Bitch." I panted back at her.
Kristy's eyes darted down to look between my legs; I wasn't filling my tray as
she was sure I would be. The smugness and arrogance drained from her face; that
look of desperation she had before now more intense than before.
The loud splashing sounds from what the women squatting in our trays were doing 
slowly faded. I watched the expression on the face of the woman in my tray as
she squeezed the last of it out. Powerful emotions can help you do things you
couldn't normally do; the hatred I had for Kristy had helped me to hold on.
I don't know how long Kristy and I were forced to endure our torment for after
that. It seemed an eternity. The crowd stayed watching us, hoping one of us
would disgrace ourselves, I don't know how, but neither of us did.  The Mistress
walked through the crowd and stood in front of us, the dark skinned woman stood
beside her. " Looks like it's a draw. Your slaves are exceptionally strong
willed, you must be pleased with them."
" We'll see." The Mistress said smiling. Then she looked at us and said:
" When I tell you to, I want you to both start wetting yourselves; when I tell
you to stop, you will do just that. Do you understand my stubborn little sluts
?"
" Yes Mistress." We panted.
" Get out you pathetic excuse for whores." The two women squatting in our trays
quickly got out and scurried away, leaving a trail of wet footprints on the
tiled floor.
" You are so deliciously cruel." The dark skinned woman said smiling in
admiration of the Mistress.
The crowd in front of us were laughing and talking again; and they seemed to
move closer. More bets were made as to which of us would be unable to stop.  It
would soon be time for the winners to collect on their bets.  The Mistress moved
to the side and in front of us so the crowd could have a good view of us
disgracing and humiliating ourselves. I wasn't sure if I could stop once I
started; but I would try with every ounce of strength and willpower I could
summon.
The waiting was so incredibly tormenting. The crowd had grown silent again. My
eyes were darting around the room; from the Mistress to the sea of faces
watching us and then to Kristy. Her eyes were shut, every part of her was
straining to hold it in and preparing herself to stop when she had to.
It was a bizarre scene. We were all waiting for the Mistress to instruct us to
wet ourselves; but she just stood there looking at us. I heard Kristy whimper;
someone in the crowd coughed; then silence again. " Now."
I didn't have to do anything it just happened as soon as the Mistress spoke. 
Kristy and I both moaned loudly as it poured out from under our skirts splashing
loudly on the cold water in our trays. We looked at each other and then at the
crowd as we pissed ourselves for their amusement. The relief was so pleasurable
it was almost orgasmic in its intensity. " Stop."
The Mistress's voice sent a cold shiver through my body. I squeezed my stomach
muscles as hard as I could trying to stop the torrent of warm urine squirting
out from between my legs. I closed my eyes and gritted my teeth and grunted
loudly as I fought to stop my body from doing what it needed to do, but I
couldn't, it just kept gushing out of me. I looked over at Kristy as all the
water I'd drunk continued to pour out of me. I'd given up trying to stop it.
The stream of warm urine that was spurting out from between her legs began to
weaken; she'd almost stopped it;  it was only just dribbling out of her now and
splashing lightly on the water between her legs. Her face reflected the trauma
her body and mind were enduring. There were only drops falling rapidly from
under her skirt now.
The expression on her face suddenly changed, a hint of a smile, and then a look
of panic as it poured out from under her skirt again. I saw her stomach muscles
relax. She's given in too. We both just stood there and let the crowd enjoy our
humiliation.
When it was finally over, the crowd came to life again. People laughed and made
all sorts of crude and demeaning remarks about us. Then they seemed to grow
suddenly bored with us. The music started up again and the crowd quickly
dispersed as the party continued on around us.
Neither of us got a point from this part of the contest, but I could tell the
Mistress was pleased with us. We'd provided an interesting spectacle for the
guests at her friends party. That after all, is what women like us are for. The
outcome of the contest is irrelevant to everyone except Kristy and me.
The two waitresses who had squatted down in our trays to torment us removed our
stained skirts and cleaned us up with damp cloths and dry towels.  We were taken
out to the van parked in the street naked except for the sheer scarves that
supported our breasts; and the chain that shackled us together at our collars.
Not a word was spoken in the back of the van as we were taken back to the
Mistress's house. What was there to say ?
We showered and bathed in separate bathrooms and I prepared myself as I was
instructed to. I brushed my hair, put on some make-up and looked at myself in
the mirror. I was naked except for decorative silver chains around my waist,
wrists, and ankles.
I was ready for whatever they wanted me to do next and waited for someone to
collect me. I stood there like that for a long time. I know a slave has to be
patient; but I was very impatient for whatever it was they were going use me for
next.
Eventually Monica came into the room and I lowered my eyes to the floor.  " You
have got nice tits and a big cunt Lynne." She said as her eyes wandered over my
body. " But that's all you've got going for you; and it isn't enough.
" I'm sorry I don't appeal to you Miss."
" You're husband didn't condition you to enjoy pain, did he Lynne ? "
I didn't understand what she meant. I'd had an incredible orgasm the day Rebecca
whipped me. I'd enjoyed the pain that time. But apart from an occasional playful
spanking my husband had never inflicted pain on me.
" No Miss." I answered politely.
" Good." She said smiling. " Kristy's husband did teach her to enjoy pain. That
gives her a distinct advantage." With that, Monica slapped me on the thigh with
the crop and herded me out the door and down the hallway and into the Dungeon.
Kristy was dressed the same as I was and was on her knees at the Mistress's feet
licking her boots. I felt my body respond to the sight of the Mistress. I'd so
seldom seen her look like this in real life; but saw her like this in my
fantasy's and dreams all the time.
She was dressed in thigh-high red leather boots; a short red latex skirt and a
skimpy red latex bra with holes where her stiff nipples poked through. Monica
pushed me towards her and I fell to the floor and instinctively began licking
her boots just as Kristy was. We pushed and nudged each other like starving dogs
around a feeding bowl to get into the best position to lick the Mistress's
beautiful red boots.
" Kiss each other." The Mistress said looking down at the two women worshipping
her. We lifted our heads and our mouths were soon locked together. I hated the
woman I was kissing but the kiss was as passionate as any I'd ever had. The
Mistress wanted me to kiss this woman, the Mistress was watching me kiss her. It
was the Mistress who put the heat and passion into the kiss. Not the woman I was
kissing.
" Enough." The Mistress said as our hands began running over each others bodies.
Reluctantly our mouths parted and our hands let go of each other.  We were made
to stand facing each other, just a few feet apart. Monica attached a chain to
Kristy's right nipple with a clamp that screwed down tightly on the soft pink
flesh. Then she attached the other end to my right nipple, screwing the clamp
till I winced from the pain.
Another chain was attached to our left nipples in the same way. The weight of
the chains pulling on my nipples as they crossed over and looped down in front
of me added to the pain. Kristy's nipples had gone a dark red colour from the
pressure of the clamps, but she showed no obvious signs of pain or discomfort.
" Which of you will take the most pain for me tonight ?" The Mistress asked
running her delicate soft hand along the chain that criss-crossed in front of us
and joined us at the nipples.
" Walk backwards slowly." The Mistress said, and we obeyed her. The chain lifted
gently in between us until it was taught, and pulling hard on our nipples;
Kristy's face still showed no sign of pain, but there was a hint of pleasure in
her eyes.
Monica knelt down and drew thick black lines on the concrete just in front of
our feet.
" Whoever steps over the line first loses." The Mistress said as she sat in a
large ornate wooden chair. It looked more like a thrown to me.  The pain was
quite intense, but tolerable. I looked at Kristy. She had a look on her face and
in her eyes that frightened me. Suddenly she threw her head back and the upper
part of her body was thrust backward. We both screamed. The pain from the clamps
on my nipples was brutal.
" You disappoint me Lynne." The Mistress said coldly. Both my feet were well
over the black line.
" I'm sorry Mistress.....I didn't......."  I forgot all about the pain in my
nipples. I had no idea that I had moved, I must have jumped forward but I don't
remember doing it. The pain was so sudden and so violent. All I remember is the
pain.
Monica undid the nipple clamps that were biting into me and threw me into a room
that was no bigger than a cupboard. When she shut the heavy oak door it was
pitch black. My nipples were still throbbing, but my cunt was wet. I knew I
could learn to enjoy pain. Why hadn't my husband taught me the pleasure of pain
before throwing me into this world of theirs ?
They left me alone in the dark for a long time. I could hear faint noises from
the other side of the heavy oak door; Kirsty screaming; the crack of a whip and
other sounds that I can't really describe.
Then my eyes stung from the sudden exposure to light as Monica dragged me from
the room and dumped me at the Mistress's feet.
" Lie across my lap slut."
" Yes Mistress." I'd never had the honour of being across her lap before. I'd
fantasised about it, dreamt about it. But the feeling of actually lying across
the Mistress's lap with her hand running over my arse; and my tits hanging down
in front of me was even more thrilling than I'd imagined in my dreams and
fantasies.
" Oh Mistress." I moaned softly as her hand caressed my arse. This was what I
wanted. This was where I wanted to be.This was who I wanted to be.
" You did very poorly in the contest earlier, but you'll have other
opportunities to prove yourself to me. For now, I want to play with you."
" Yes Mistress." I moaned. " Play with me, I'm yours to play with."
" I want you to count out each time the paddle hits you, and then beg me for
more. If you can't take anymore you say 'mercy please Mistress.' But don't
expect me to ever play with you again if you do."
" Please hit me with the paddle Mistress."
The pain was delicious as the paddle stung the cheeks of my arse. " One thank
you Mistress. Please spank me again."
My husband may not have conditioned me to enjoy pain, but I loved the pain the
Mistress was inflicting on me. My arse was burning and stinging and it felt so
good. Each blow hurt more than the last and felt better than the last. The pain
was exhilarating.
" 93 thank you Mistress." I panted, my cunt was dripping. I desperately wanted
to ask if I could play with myself while she spanked me, but I knew not to. I
would be told to play with myself if the Mistress wanted me to. It wasn't my
place to ask if I could.
I was in a state of uncontrolled ecstasy as I counted 200 and begged for more. 
" Hit me faster please Mistress....Hit me harder.....Oh God please spank me
Mistress." I knew I could have cum if she spanked me hard enough and fast
enough. She pushed me off her knee and I fell to the floor at her feet. My hand
instinctively grabbed at my wet cunt; three fingers slid easily inside me.
" Leave it alone you dirty little slut." The Mistress sneered at me.
" I'm sorry Mistress." I moaned as I forced myself to stop playing with myself.
" Kristy was ready to climax when she got to 150." The mention of her name stung
me more than the paddle had. Monica grabbed me and tied me to a large round
wooden post; a whipping post. The Mistress circled me, a cat of nine tales
hanging ominously in her hand.
" Oh God Yes." I groaned. " Whip me Mistress, punish me, hurt me....." I counted
out loud each time the leather finger of the whip bit into the skin on my back
and arse, and begged her to whip me again. Pain can be the ultimate tool of
pleasure. I didn't need to be conditioned by my husband to know that.
" 47. Thank you Mistress. Please whip my cunt Mistress. Whip my big wet cunt. 
I'm your whore Mistress....." I was in a frenzy. I wanted more pain, more
pleasure. I wanted the whip on my tits and cunt.
I was humping the wooden post like a wild thing; like the wild crazed slut that
I am. Begging her to whip me faster and harder. I'd lost count and I didn't
care.  I begged her to punish me for losing count. " Oh Fuck Mistress I'm going
to cum." I screamed out as I humped the wooden post faster and faster. " Please
let me cum Mistress. Make your slut cum with your whip....." Monica threw a
bucket of cold water over me. The cold water stunned me and I froze for an
instant. Dazed, confused; but still desperate to cum. Instinctively I started
rubbing my cunt on the post again.
" You'll get splinters in it you stupid slut." Monica said after she threw
another bucket of cold water over me.
" You enjoy pain little whore." The Mistress said smiling at me.
" Yes Mistress." I panted. " I love it."
" Whore's like you always lose control of themselves when their spanked or
whipped. It's just a part of what you are. It took three buckets of cold water
to calm Kristy down." Her name again. The Mistress saw how I reacted to the
mention of Kristy's name.
" Kristy's husband conditioned her to enjoy pain. You're enjoyment is much more
instinctive. You're a very primitive woman Lynne. But there are many types of
pain a slave must endure and enjoy."
The Mistress was behind me now. The cold water and her voice had calmed me down,
but my cunt was still aching to be touched or whipped or..... There was a loud
noise behind me as something whistled through the air. Then I felt the cane
gently running over my arse.
" You did very poorly with the nipple clamps Lynne." The Mistress said as she
slid the cane between my legs. I quickly spread my legs so she could rub my cunt
with it.
" I'm sorry Mistress." I moaned as the cane rubbed back and forth over my cunt
and then slipped between the wet swollen flesh of my lips. I grunted loudly as
the crop slid over my clit and tried to squat down so the crop would rub me
harder.
" Kristy won that point very easily Lynne."
" Yes Mistress." I moaned. " I'll do better for you Mistress."
" You mean you'll do better for yourself you selfish little slut. Don't try and
pretend you're trying to win this contest for me. You're trying to win it for
yourself; you're only interest is in satisfying you're own perverted desires." I
didn't answer. The Mistress was right, but I didn't want to have to admit it to
her unless she made me. She moved in front of me and held out the cane so I
could lick my juices off it.
" The cane offers a very different type of pain Lynne. It's bite is far more
intense than that of the paddle or the whip; they're just toys really. How many
blows from the cane will you take for me ? Will you take as many as Kristy did ? 
The one who takes the most gets a point in your little contest."
She moved behind me; I heard her flicking the cane through the air; I felt a
whisp of air on my arse as the cane whistled past without touching me; then I
felt it on my arse as she gently tapped me with it; then I heard it whistling
through the air again. I screamed when it cut into the flesh. This pain was not
pleasurable at all.
" One thank you Mistress. Please hit me again." The second blow felt like it had
ripped the skin on the cheeks of my arse open. The pain was brutal.  I took 13
blows from the cane; each more excruciating than the last. I wanted to take
more, I wanted to win the point in our contest, but I was terrified of the pain.
A sense of panic swept through me as I thought about what the next blow would
feel like, how much it would hurt. " Mercy please Mistress." I sobbed.  " Please
don't hurt me again Mistress.........  I'm sorry......" Tears were rolling down
my cheeks as I begged her not to hit me again. She stood in front of me and
gently ran her fingers down my cheeks, wiping away the tears.
" It's over Lynne. The pain is over." She said in a soft gentle voice. Her touch
was so tender; the expression on her face so caring; I'd never seen her look at
me this way before.
Monica untied me and threw me to the floor. " Thank your Mistress properly." I
crawled over to the Mistress and licked her boots. " Thank you Mistress." I
panted as my tongue lapped at her red leather boots. " Thank you." " You've had
an eventful night Lynne. You've done well, but Kristy did better.
None the less you deserve a reward. Get her off. "
" I beg your pardon Mistress ?" I heard Monica say.
" You heard me slut. Get down on the floor, lick the sluts dirty cunt and get
her off."
" Yes Mistress." Monica replied quickly. I was the last woman in the world
Monica wanted to go down on, but the Mistress's tone obviously frightened her.
She was still just a slave, at times it seemed Monica had forgotten that.  I
rolled onto my back with my head between the Mistress's legs. Her big leather
boots either side of my face. I could see up her short latex skirt; I could see
her beautiful pussy, glistening with her juices.
Then I felt Monica's tongue stab at my wet cunt. " Oh God." I cried out as her
tongue slid straight inside me. Then it was licking my lips, then it was
flicking my swollen clit.
" You like having your arse hole licked, don't you Lynne ?"
" Yes Mistress." I groaned. " I love having my arse hole licked."
" Stick your tongue up her arse Monica." Just hearing the Mistress say it almost
pushed me over the edge. My eyes were fixed on the Mistress's pussy as I felt
Monica's tongue on the outside of my arse hole. A jolt of pleasure ran through
me; a pleasure as intense as the agony of the cane.
" May I play with myself Mistress ?" I begged as my orgasm was about to take
control of me. " May I play with myself while Monica licks my arse hole ?"
" Yes Lynne you may. Stick your tongue right up her arse Monica." I reached down
and pulled my lips apart with one hand and rubbed my clit with my other hand. I
was so wet, my lips were so slippery. Then Monica's tongue was inside me, all
the way up inside me.
" Now Mistress ?" I groaned. " May I cum now please......" I was thrashing
around on the floor but my eyes were still focused on the Mistress's pussy.
" No. Stop playing with yourself. Monica, take your tongue out of her arse." I
whimpered loudly. I was so close, so desperately close. " Please Mistress......"
" Roll over." The Mistress said angrily. " It's time you learnt to enjoy pain
the way a whore like you should. You can cum Lynne, but only from the cane." I
was in a heated frenzy, totally consumed by passion and the need to cum. I had
to cum. I dragged myself to my feet and wrapped arms around the whipping post
and pushed me cunt hard up against it.
" Whip me with the cane please Mistress." I begged her desperately. " Please
hurt me Mistress, hurt me with the cane."
The pain felt so different this time. It was just as savage as it ripped through
my body this time, but it felt so good this time. I begged the Mistress to whip
me with it again and again. The cane tore at my skin leaving it's mark wherever
it hit me; but the pain was pure ecstasy.
" Hit me Mistress. Hurt me..." I screamed as my orgasm exploded inside me. I was
thrashing around uncontrollably; grinding my cunt against the post and making
noises that I can't really describe. The pleasure was so ferocious, it ripped
through every part of me with an intensity I can't put into words. It was like
the combination of pain and pleasure took me to a place I had never been before;
a place I want to go back to. I can only imagine what I must have looked like as
I humped the post and cried out and whimpered and begged to be whipped. I
collapsed onto the floor, bruised, marked, exhausted; and then everything went
black.
The Mistress was gone, Monica was standing over me, glaring down at me. She said
something but I have no idea what; I was still lost in an erotic haze;
everything had an almost surreal feel to it. I've never tripped out on LSD, but
how I felt lying on the floor then was sort of how I imagined LSD would make you
feel. But I didn't need drugs to feel like this.
The next clear memory I have is of being on my bunk in my cage feeling totally
fulfilled and then drifting off into a deep blissful sleep.
When I awoke my back and arse were still stinging and I savoured the pleasure
the sensations gave me, and the memory of what I'd experience with the Mistress.
I'd been so completely and utterly  fulfilled sexually, but I was still
incredibly aroused; my cunt was still wet; I craved for more.  I noticed Kristy
asleep in her cage, through the dim light I noticed other women lying on their
bunks in their cages. Lying there in the dark and quiet of the cage room I had
time to think.
Everything had happened so fast. I suddenly realised that Kristy had won two
points in our contest. I cursed myself for letting her beat me so easily in the
contest with the nipple clamps. I could have held my ground; I could have done
better. And I knew she probably took more blows from the cane too. I cursed my
husband for not conditioning me to enjoy pain; there was so much to be enjoyed.
Why hadn't he ?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 31. THE CONTEST PART 4.

The Mistress had introduced me to the pleasure of pain. She'd given me a taste
of what real pain and real pleasure is and I wanted more. Why didn't my husband
do that for me ?
I lay there thinking for a long time; there was so much to think about. Every
thought made my cunt even wetter. I loved this world of theirs. I had to be a
part of it. I had to win this contest.
" Get up you dirty slut." I'd been so lost in my thoughts I hadn't heard Kelly
come into the room, or notice her standing in front of my cage. I looked up at
her. She was naked except for the thick leather Chastity belt that was still
locked tightly around her body. She spat her words out when she spoke. She had
the look of a woman filled with anger and frustration. Her desperation was
written all over her face. I wondered how long the Mistress would torment her
for. How long would it be before the Mistress would let Kelly have the orgasm
she so obviously and desperately needed.
Kelly took me to one of the bathrooms. I saw myself in the mirror before I slid
into the hot foamy water of the bath. I had the look of a woman who had been
flogged, but the  marks on my body were beginning to fade already. The Mistress
had whipped me so viciously, but hadn't damaged me at all.
I bathed and prepared myself as she had told me to. A touch of make-up and the
same body jewellery I'd worn to be whipped in. I wondered whether the Mistress
was going to whip me again. My cunt responded to the thought. I was already wet
again when Monica came into the room to collect me.
Monica opened the door to a room lit with dozens of scented candles. There were
mirrors on the walls and ceiling, and a mural on the marble floor of naked women
entwined in passionate embraces; the expressions on their faces were the
expressions of women enjoying the ultimate pleasure.
A large black massage table was in the middle of the room and Monica led Kristy
and I over to it and had us get down on our hands and knees on opposite sides of
the table. I could see Kristy's naked body in the mirrors as I'm sure she could
see mine. I didn't want her to catch me admiring her in that way; but I found it
hard not to look at her.
The door opened and Zaheer's Asian woman walked in wearing a bright red Kimono.
The Mistress walked in behind her wearing a black Kimono. The Asian woman
removed her gown, and layed it over my back; she was naked underneath it. Then
she slowly undid the cord on the Mistress's Kimono and gently slid it off her
body, and layed it over my back too.  Just seeing the Mistress naked gave me
physical pleasure. I could feel a throbbing sensation between my legs as my lips
and clitoris swelled. My nipples were quickly erect and my anus throbbed in
rhythm with the other sexual parts of me.
I hadn't seen the Mistress naked very often, but each time I did it affected my
body and mind in the same way. Hers was a body to worship, and I longed for the
chance to worship her; to be with her. But just having the chance to see her
naked felt like an honour.
The Mistress used Kristy as a step up onto the massage table, and then I felt
the weight of the Asian woman as she put her foot on my back and used me as a
step up onto the table.
I watched in the Mirrors as the Asian woman rubbed oil on her body and then on
the Mistress's back as she lay on the table. I was so wet, so incredibly aroused
as I watched the Asian woman slide up and down over the Mistress's body. My cunt
was literally dripping when the Mistress turned over and the Asian woman
massaged her breasts with hers. There was a small puddle on the floor below my
crotch from the nectar that was seeping out of me.
Watching the Asian woman pleasuring the Mistress in that way is the most erotic
act I've ever seen. I never touched myself or stimulated myself in any way; but
I came when the Mistress came with the Asian woman's tongue deep inside her. It
was not an intense orgasm that exploded inside me; it was different to any
orgasm I've ever had. It's hard to describe, but it was like my whole body
climaxed; the pleasure was not centred and focused between my legs; it was like
a ripple of pleasure consumed every part of my mind and my body.
I was in what I can only describe as a euphoric trance after that. The next
thing I remember is kneeling at the Mistress's feet on the floor in the Sitting
room.  Seeing the Mistress like that had sent me into that intoxicated haze; and
it took seeing her again to bring me back to reality. Kristy was on her knees
next to me; we were both still naked.
" You have three more opportunities to show me which of you can generate the
most income for me; to show me which of you is the better whore. Each is worth a
point in the contest that will decide which of you becomes my slave." The
Mistress's voice was soft and sensuous. I love the sound of her voice.
Kelly took me to a bedroom where I dressed into the clothes left out for me:
Red bra and panties, blue denim jeans, a tight low cut red top and thick high
heeled red shoes. I was given a credit card and a taxi card. I was to buy
suitable clothes for the next three nights and return with the receipts. Any
attempt to gain an advantage by milking money in some way from the credit or
taxi cards would result in me regretting my dishonesty for a very long time.
The first night we would be escorts in the most exclusive and expensive brothel
in Sydney. The second night we would be prostitutes in the cheapest and
sleaziest brothel in Sydney. The third night we would be street whores. We were
to work from 6pm till 6 am each of the three nights.
I had to buy whatever clothes I wanted for each of the three nights. I could
spend no more than $1000 for the outfit for the first night. $100 for the second
night; and $50 for the third night. I caught a Taxi into the City and did my
shopping.
There were five other women in the room where the Escorts watched T.V. while we
waited for the clients; they were called clients, not customers. The other girls
were all young, attractive and dressed and decorated expensively. There was a
mixture of races: White, Asian, an Islander looking girl and a Hispanic girl,
perhaps Philippino.
I'd chosen a tight back-less floor length red evening gown with a plunging "V"
neckline; and splits up the side to my thighs. My tits are my best asset and
this dress certainly showed them off nicely. The dress hugged my body in all the
right places, but I still looked quite......elegant. I didn't look like a whore. 
Red high heeled shoes, a touch of make-up, sheer red stockings and some
glittering earrings. I looked quite classy really. I'd never spent $500 on a
dress before; and although I think I looked good, and I loved the feel of the
expensive material; I'd be more comfortable in what I'd bought to wear as a
street whore.
I hate to admit it but Kristy looked really hot. She had a tight short black
dress on, heaps of make-up and the bitch had had her hair done; she had a blonde
tint put in it and frizzed. The bitch really did look great, and she knew it.
She looked me up and down and smiled at me smugly.
The Madam was a middle aged but still quite attractive woman with an air of
sophistication about her. She was immaculately dressed, and spoke in a deep
refined voice. She came into the room where the Escorts were watching the movie
" Something About Mary " on FOX.
" Girls." Was all she said and they all stood up and got in a line.  The clients
usually went to the bar first for a complimentary drink, and then when they were
ready, were taken into one of the plushly furnished lounges.  We had to go in
one at a time, introduce ourselves, perhaps chat for a moment and move on to
allow the client to meet the next girl.
" Hi I'm Lynne. How are you tonight ?" I said leaning over slightly to give him
a good view of my cleavage.
" Good thanks." He didn't want to chat, he wasn't interested, it was very
obvious. We all had our turns introducing ourselves and the Madam came out into
the TV room. Kristy. The gentleman would like to see you."  Kristy shot me a
conceited little smirk and went off to entertain her client.
Most of the clients were middle aged men, well dressed, with wedding rings on. 
They paid $150 for half an hour and $250 for an hour. The hour session came with
a complimentary spa if the client wanted one. The split was 60/40 the girls way.
If Kristy's client had her for an hour she'd get $150.
I sat there worrying about how hot Kristy looked and how much her first client
was going to spend on her. " What if he tipped the little Bitch? He looked like
he gad money." I thought to myself as I watched the clock on the VCR hoping he'd
only paid to have Kristy for half an hour. But I never got to find out. A client
chose me after we'd all introduced ourselves and I held his hand as we walked up
stairs.
The room was expensively furnished with an ensuit, spa, piped mood music, dimmed
lighting and a large Four Poster Bed with candles burning on the tables on
either side.
My client was mid 30s and quite good looking, like most of my clients were. 
When we got to the room he stood behind me and kissed my neck and gently nibbled
on my ears as he slowly undid the zipper on my dress. It was like we were making
love, not just fucking. The only time I felt like a whore and not a lover was
when I had to interrupt what was happening naturally to put a condom on him.
He was a good lover, gentle affectionate and passionate. I came when he came
inside me with me on top. And we lay on the bed cuddling and talking like lovers
afterwards.
It was the same with most of my clients that night. We drank Champaign while we
took spa baths together, we made love in all sorts of positions, some of the men
even went down on me.
A couple in there mid 30s were in one of the lounge rooms at one stage. The
Madam explained that they were after a girl for the Lady. The husband would just
watch. They charged an extra fee they called a "Voyeur" fee; which was $100,
split 50/50.
I went out to introduce myself. " Hi I'm Lynne. How are you tonight ?"
" Good thanks Lynne, how are you ?" The man said, the woman never said anything.
She was quite attractive, a bit over weight and very nervous. I wondered whose
idea this was. When I saw the way she was looking at my cleavage, I guessed it
was her idea; or if it wasn't she certainly didn't seem to mind.
We chatted for a moment, the woman never said a thing and I moved on to let the
next girl introduce herself. Kristy was upstairs with a client, there were only
four of us available at that time. The Madam came into the TV room.
" Lynne, they would like to see you."
I think she picked me because I was older than the other three. They were all 20
or 21. I don't think the woman wanted her husband comparing her to a 21 year
old.
Their names were Roger and Libby. She was an attractive woman with long blonde
hair and an infectious smile. But she was a large woman; she could look really
good if she lost 15 or 20 pounds.
Roger sat on a chair in the shadows in a corner of the room. Libby was still
very nervous. I got her to unzip me and help me take my dress off; she seemed to
enjoy doing that. Then I got her to unhook my bra and I turned around and took
it off slowly for her. " Would you like to have a spa Libby?" I asked softly,
smiling at her.
" Um....Yes....That sounds nice....." She stuttered.
" Ok, well you get undressed and I'll run the spa for us. There's a robe you can
put on if you like." I knew she was self conscious of her weight. So she
undressed on her own in the ensuit and came out wearing the fluffy white robe. 
I moved close to her; still wearing my stockings, shoes and panties; and slowly
undid the cord on the robe and let it fall open. Libby's tits were bigger than
mine and sagged, I moved closer so our tits were touching as I gently slid the
robe off her shoulders.
I helped her into the foaming scented bath; she immersed herself in the hot
water and bubbles. I handed her two glasses of champagne and then kicked off my
shoes and put one foot up on the bath and rolled my stocking down.  She gulped
on her champagne as she watched me. Then I did the same with the other leg,
slowly, sensuously rolling the sheer red stocking down my leg.
" How's the water?" I asked smiling as I slid my panties off just a few feet in
front of her face.
" Um....Good....Nice..." She said nervously, staring at my shaved pussy.  I
stepped into the bath with Libby, she held up her hand to help me. I wrapped my
fingers around hers and smiled.
I sat behind her and got her to lean back and rest her head on my chest; her
body was between my legs. I massaged her shoulders as we talked about the
weather and drank the champagne.
Libby started to relax a bit so I reached around and massaged her tits. Her
nipples were very hard. " Do you get many women customers?" She asked nervously.
" At least half." I lied. " Lots of women like to try it; it's fun, it's a lot
of fun.
Most of them come back." Libby laughed quietly.  We got out together and I dried
her off with a fluffy white towel, and then asked if she'd help me dry myself
off. " I don't want to do anything, I just want you to....." Libby didn't finish
what she was trying to say, she was too embarrassed.  But I understood anyway.
" Why don't you lie on the bed and I'll give you a massage after I dry myself
off." She lied on the bed and watched me running the towel over my body. I dried
myself between the legs about five times, she seemed to like that.  Her husband
hadn't said anything the whole time; he just sat in the shadows watching his
fantasy come true: His wife with another woman.
Libby lied on her stomach and I straddled her and massaged her shoulders and
back as I gently rubbed my pussy on her arse. She had a very different
expression on face when I rolled her over and straddled her again. Our pussy's
were almost touching.
Libby's face was flushed and she licked her lips nervously a few times as I
massaged her tits. She moaned softly when I lent forward and sucked on her
nipples. I kissed her a few times, just soft kisses and worked my way down her
neck and breasts; I sucked on her nipples again and then worked my way down over
her stomach. She was starting to squirm on the bed and her breathing was getting
louder. She ran her fingers through my hair as I kissed and licked the inside of
her thighs. She moaned loudly when I kissed her wet pussy lips.
" Oh God." She whispered as my tongue touched her clit. I looked up at her, she
was incredibly aroused now. Her face was red and she was panting loudly but it
was the look in her eyes that made my pussy wet.
I was kneeling between her legs on the bed and I reached down and played with
myself, making sure she could see what I was doing. Then I stabbed her clit with
my tongue and she cried out and grabbed me by the hair again.
I stuck my tongue up inside her and her back arched and she cried out. Then I
slowed it down and gently licked her lips and all over her pussy. I lightly
licked the tip of her clit and she let out a long low grunting noise.
I kept her simmering for a while, sticking my tongue up inside her and stabbing
her clit with my tongue; and then slowing it down and just licking her gently. 
She was moaning loudly now, thrashing around on the bed.
" Do what you did before." she panted.
" What's that Libby? What do you want me to do?" I was ready to cum when she
did.
" Stick your tongue inside me..." She moaned. "Stick your tongue in me......"
I teased her for a moment, licking the outside of her lips, showing her my
tongue as she looked down at me. " Oh God....Oh God...." She chanted.
Then I stuck my tongue up inside her. Libby groaned loudly and screamed out that
she was cumming. Her body bucked and she thrashed around on the bed chanting "
Oh God." as she came with my tongue inside her.
I wanted to cum with her but she was moving around too much. I needed both hands
to hold onto her so I could keep my tongue inside her. She kept grunting and
moaning and panting as she kept cumming. She grabbed my hair again trying to
push my tongue further up inside her.
Suddenly she let out a long loud whimpering sound and her body slumped; she was
still, and quiet; except for her panting as she tried to get her breath back.
" Oh my God." She said, almost giggling as she said it. "That was incredible"
She wasn't embarrassed or nervous any more. I crawled up and lay on the bed
beside her. She had a beautiful smile on her face.
" That was incredible" She said again, looking into my eyes. We snuggled up to
each other for a moment, Libby was soaking up the warm afterglow.
" Listen Libby." I whispered. " I didn't cum yet. Do you mind if I do ?"
" No." She answered quickly. " I don't mind at all."
We were lying side by side, our heads on the same pillow, looking into each others
eyes. I reached down and rubbed my clit. Moaning softly as I did. Then I felt
Libby's hand on my stomach, moving slowly down towards my pussy.
" Do you want to help me cum Libby ?" I panted.
" Yes," She had a passionate glint in her eyes. I gently wrapped my arms around
her neck and waited for the touch of her hand.
" That's it." I groaned softly. " On my clit. Rub my clit."
Her fingers hadn't found my clit yet but her fumbling hands felt so good.
" Up a little bit Libby." I panted. " Yes, that's it, that's it right on my
clit."
Once she found my clit it didn't take her long to make me cum.
" Faster Libby, faster....." My body was humping against her hand; her fingers
were right on my clit now, rubbing me hard. " That's it Libby. That's it....."
Our eyes met, she kissed me gently on the lips and my orgasm erupted inside me.
I grunted loudly, buried my face in her neck and humped myself against her hand
as wave after wave of pleasure crashed through me and over me.  She kept rubbing
me even after my orgasm had finished and I was nestled up against her enjoying
the smell of her perfume. " Thank you I whispered." And I kissed her gently on
the lips.
Another client I had a real good time with was a man in his early 30s:
" Hi I'm Lynne. How are you tonight ?"
" Lynne ?" He looked at me funny. He knew me but I couldn't place him until he
told me who he was. His name was Bruce, we'd gone to the same high school. He'd
even rung me up to ask me out once when I was 16. I'd said no.
Bruce wasn't interested in seeing any of the other girls. But he was very
interested in spending an hour with me.
He sat on the bed and watched me undress, telling me to slow down a few times.
He'd waited a long time for this. But he didn't treat me like a whore. We had a
spa together and talked about the old days at school. He wanted to know why I
didn't go out with him that time: " I had a crush on someone else at the time."
I answered honestly. He wanted to know how I got into working as an Escort.
" I love it and the money's great." He seemed to like my answer.  I ran my hands
over his body and gently stroked his cock while we sat in the bath talking. We
dried each other off and lied on the bed and talked some more. Then the 'Mood
Music' being piped into the room stopped and a little bell tinkled, then 'Mood
Music' was playing again.
" What does that mean Lynne ?" Bruce asked.
" It means we've been talking too much. We've only got five minutes left." "
That's Okay." Bruce said casually. " I've enjoyed seeing you....." He smiled
when he said it. Not all men treat whores like whores.
" Five minutes is enough." I said in a sultry voice.
I quickly slid down the bed and sucked his cock into my mouth; he was soft; but
not for long. I reached over and grabbed a condom off the table beside the bed;
I looked at it and then threw it back on the table. Bruce moaned loudly when he
knew I was going to suck him off without a condom. He moaned even louder when 
he came in my mouth and I swallowed it.
He gave me his number and said to give him a call outside of working hours if I
wanted to. I thanked him and said I probably would. He was a lovely man. The
sort of man who could make most women happy; excluding the bitch he'd recently
divorced. I'm sure he could have made me happy in another time. I threw his
number in the bin after he'd gone.
The other client that stands out in my memory of that night does so for a very
different reason. He was young, early 20s; he had a bit of that spoilt brat
rich-kid look about him.
It was the first thing I noticed when I went out to introduce  myself:
" Hi I'm Lynne. How are you tonight ?" He checked me out and told me to sit down
on the couch with him. He was friendly enough, but he was arrogant and really up
himself; but he was a very attractive man. I rested my hand on his leg as we
talked.
" I fucked you a few weeks ago." He said suddenly. I wasn't sure what he was
talking about or where he was going with this.
" That was here right ?" I assumed he'd mistaken me for one of the other girls. 
I knew he was a regular here. One of the girls had said: " It's Mick." After
she'd been out to introduce herself. The other girls all sighed. It seemed Mick
wasn't popular with the girls.
" It wasn't here." He said in a sneering voice. " It was in some dump up at the
Cross. I paid $50 to fuck you. You're a street whore. They don't use street
whores here. Maybe I should tell them you're just a street whore......"
" No." I said quickly. There was no point trying to argue with him. And I
couldn't take the risk of being thrown out now. I needed the point in the
contest.
" There must be something I can do for you Mick." I gave him my 'Fuck Me' eyes
look as I rubbed his leg, moving closer to his crotch.
" Is everything alright Mick?" The Madam asked in her distinguished voice.
" Yes Margaret, everything's fine. I'll have half an hour with her."
" Certainly Mick. I'll put it on your account. Take her upstairs whenever you're
ready. Can she get you another drink perhaps ?"
" I'm ready now." He put his glass on the coffee table and headed for the
stairs. I quickly followed behind him. The Madam took my arm as I passed her:
" Mick is a regular of ours Lynne. Make sure you look after him." I draped
myself over him as soon as we got into the room and started kissing his neck and
nibbling on his ear. He pushed me away.
" Would you like me to get undressed for you Mick ?" I asked as I ran my hands
over my body.
" No. I've seen everything you've got before. And I didn't like it the first
time."
" I know, I look better with the lights dimmed more." I said smiling at him."But
there must be something I can I do for you Mick ?" I pouted.
" Get up on the bed on your hands and knees, lift up your dress, pull your
panties down and pucker up. I'm going to fuck you up the arse."
This establishment did not include anal sex in it's services. But I'd give Mick
whatever he wanted. " Oohh, I like the sound of that. Don't hurt me with that
big cock of yours though Mick."
" Shut up and get on the fucking bed whore."
" Mmmm. My pleasure Mick." I purred. I didn't worry about grabbing a condom, I
knew he didn't want to use a one.
I kneeled on the bed with my dress pulled up over my back and my panties hanging
off one ankle waiting for a  stranger to fuck me up the arse. He left me like
that for a while; just enjoying the view.
When he finally started undoing his jeans it occurred to me that I'd fucked this
man a few weeks ago but had no idea who he was and could remember nothing about
fucking him. I'm such a dirty little whore. Thinking about it made me wet.
I didn't need to get Mick hard, and he didn't take his time with me or worry
about being gentle with me. When he was ready he just positioned himself on the
bed behind me, pushed his cock against the outside of my arse hole, and shoved
it inside me.  It hurt at first, but it hurt good. My body soon adjusted to
accommodate his size. But he did have a big cock and it stretched my arse hole
and made me grunt each time he shoved it in and out of me.
He fucked me the way men fuck whore's: hard, fast and with no interest in
whether I was enjoying it or not. I loved it. I reached between my legs and
rubbed my clit. My orgasm was swelling inside me; I wanted to cum with him; when
his big cock was pumping his cum up my arse. I rubbed my clit slower and enjoyed
the feel of his big cock thrusting in and out of me. When I knew he was close I
rubbed myself faster, timing my orgasm with his.
He pulled his cock out of me just before he came. " Stick it back inside me." I
panted desperately but he squirted his cum all over my arse, and pushed me down
onto the bed when he was finished.
" Just like in a porno movie." He said. Admiring his sticky cum running all over
my arse as he pulled his pants up. He didn't look back at me as he walked out of
the room leaving the door open behind him.
I was so close to cumming when he pulled out of me; I didn't know whether I
would get the chance to get off with my next client; and I couldn't wait anyway;
I just can't cum enough to satisfy myself anymore.
I thought about leaving the door open and getting myself off like that on the
bed. I'd love people walking down the hall to see me; but I couldn't let anyone
see me like that; we were suppose to use condoms.
I didn't want his cum dripping all over the expensive carpet or getting on my
$500 dress, so I slid off the bed and walked over to shut the door bent over and
holding my dress up; my panties were still around my ankle. I pushed the lock on
the door then stood back looking at myself in a full length mirror on the back
of the door.
I was dressed like a high class Escort, but I looked like a whore now. I scooped
all his cum off my arse and rubbed it all over my face. Then I let my expensive
red dress fall down to it's full length and pulled my panties up. I grabbed  one
of the vibrators out of the draws beside the bed, slid it down the front of my
panties and turned it on.
Then I just stood there and looked at myself in the mirror. The whore in the
$500 dress with a customers cum smeared all over her face. I was so close when
he pulled out of me I knew it wouldn't take long.
As the vibrator purred away in my panties I watched myself lick his cum off my
fingers and rub it into the skin on my face. I didn't touch myself, I didn't
need to. The vibrator was pressing against my clit.
" I'm such a whore." I panted as I watched myself in the mirror. " I'm such a
dirty whore........" I watched myself cum; saw the expressions on my face; saw
the look in my eyes; and heard the noises I made. It was a strange sort of
orgasm; but I'd become a very strange woman.
It took me a while to clean myself up and touch up my make-up after that. And
the orgasm I'd given myself was nice, but it wasn't particularly satisfying. I
was still horny when I got back down to the TV room.
I only serviced 13 clients in the 12 hours I was there: 9  spent an hour with
me:
4 a  half an hour. I generated $2,950.00 in fees; Of which $1,760 was mine. I
only found out through the course of the night that tips were not permitted.
One of my clients, an older gentleman had really enjoyed himself with me. I
spent a long time licking his balls and cock before I put the condom on him
which I could tell he really enjoyed. He came fucking me doggy style. I didn't
cum, but I did a great job faking it. He gave me a $50 note before I kissed him
goodbye on the cheek at the door.
I walked into the TV room, and the Madam came in right behind me.
" We don't take tips here Lynne." She said rather snobbishly. " Go out there at
once and return the gentleman's money. He paid more than enough for your
services already." She wasn't pleased with me.
" Sorry....I didn't know....."
" You know now."
I hurried out to the bar where he was drinking a Scotch on the rocks while he
waited for a taxi. There were a few other men sitting at the bar drinking. The
woman behind the bar was the most attractive woman working in the place that
night. Too attractive to have to earn her money on her back like the rest of us.
" I'm really sorry." I said nervously. " But we don't take tips. This is my
first night, I didn't know."
" Well you should be allowed to take tips." He said smiling. " You're worth it."
I think I actually blushed; it was so silly of me I know; but he was such a nice
man. He made me feel good about myself.
And that was my night as a High Class Escort: I'd hardly seen Kristy all night. 
We were both kept pretty busy; we both spent a lot of the night on our backs.I
found out later that some guy had hired her for 3 hours and took her home with
him. I wondered how much she got for that. But I'd made close to $1800 in the 12
hours. I couldn't see how she could have made more.
I didn't see Kristy again until we were back in our cages at the Mistress's
house. We didn't speak, just exchanged a few bitter glares; but I knew we were
both wondering how much the other had earned as Escorts in the High Class
Brothel.
We lied on our bunks in our little white Slave Girl outfits with our backs to
each other. We drifted off to sleep while 'normal' people were just waking up.
The next night we were prostitutes in a really sleazy dump in Cabramatta. It
was, of course, run by a creepy little Vietnamese guy who made all the girls
call him: "Boss." He had greasy unkempt black hair, and looked more like a
street punk than the owner of a profitable brothel.
There were two other girls working that night; they were both Asian. Tiny little
things, with tiny waists and the cutest little arses. But they were whores, and
they looked like whores and dressed like whores. Which was how I'd decided to
dress to work here.
With my $100 allowance for my night here I'd bought a really sexy Night-gown. 
It was white, the hem almost touched the floor, but there were splits up either
side that ran all the way above my waist; and the top was see-through lace. My
big tits and nipples were on show for the customers; and it worked out well
because all the customers were Asian men who loved my big tits.
The Night-gown had cost me $80 at "BodyFashions." So I bought a pair of old
white high-heeled shoes and a white hand bag from an opp-shop for $10. The shoes
were a size too small and the handbag had a funny smell; but they would do. And
the white G-String panties cost me $6.99 at Woolworths.  Kristy had had the same
idea. She wore a skimpy little black negligee thing that left very little to the
imagination. The Asian men loved her too. We were both kept very busy for most
of the night.
There were three rooms we used to take the customers to. They were all the same;
small and empty except for an old mattress on the floor against a wall. A single
bare Red light bulb hung down in the middle of the room.
We waited for the customers in a smelly little loungeroom with four worn and
grotty couches in a square around a big coffee table covered with porno
magazines and half full ashtrays. There was no TV to watch, no music to listen
to. We just had to sit there and wait for the customers.
'The Boss' sat behind what was suppose to be a reception desk near the entry and
spent all night talking on the phone in Vietnamese.
The customers paid $50 for half an hour or $100 for an hour; and The Boss
supplied the condoms. Every customer I had only wanted the half hour; and very
few of them lasted anywhere near that long.
The money was split 70/30 The Boss's way, which meant I got $15 for every guy I
fucked that night. The customers paid The Boss. I never saw my money till the
end of my shift. I didn't trust The Boss after meeting him. I didn't have a pen
or paper and I didn't trust myself to keep count so I asked The Boss for a pen.
" What you want pen for ?" He yelled at me, his creepy brown eyes looking at me
suspiciously. Then he started jabbering away in Vietnamese so I gave up.
" Sorry Boss. Don't worry about it." I said as I walked over to the lounges and
sat opposite Kristy. He was still babbling on at me in Vietnamese. I wanted to
keep a check on my count somehow: so I kept the empty foil condom wrappers.  I
put them in my hand-bag after I'd fucked each customer. "I  should keep the used
condoms." I said to myself, only half joking.
The first customer was indistinguishable from the last, or any in between. He
came in sat down and looked at us. The Asian women were all over him straight
away; but I just sat back looking at him, crossing and uncrossing my legs; and
running my hand over my tits. It was pointless trying to speak to him anyway, he
didn't speak English.
He picked me, paid The Boss and we went into one of the rooms. I got undressed,
layed on the mattress and he layed on top of me. They were all the same. A bit
of head and then put the condom on them; and then they'd lie on top of me and
play with my big tits while they fucked me.
I didn't cum with any of them. They all had small dicks and came too quickly. It
was a really sleazy environment and I liked it. And liked the way the Asian men
used me. They never spoke to me, never really even looked at me. I was just  a
pair of big tits and a cunt to them. I enjoy being treated like that, but none
of them lasted any where near long enough to get me even close to cumming. It
was a frustrating night.
The only thing out of the ordinary that happened was once when I came out after
fucking a particularly smelly little Vietnamese man. Kristy took a man into the
room I'd just used as soon as we came out. There was another Asian man sitting
on one of the couches. I sat opposite him and smiled at him. Shit he was ugly.
He wanted to fuck me and him and The Boss got into a loud arm waving
conversation in Vietnamese. I guessed what they were arguing about.
There were no rooms available. He kept looking at his watch, he must have been
in a hurry, I think they all were. After a while The Boss looked over at me and
said: " You fuck him there." He wanted me to fuck him on the couch in the
waiting area.
" Fine by me Boss." I said as I stood up and slipped out of my Night-gown,
stepped out of my panties and lied on the couch. I grabbed a condom off the
coffee table while he was walking over towards me undoing his belt.  He stood
beside me and I licked his dick for a while till he was hard and then put the
condom on him and he climbed on top of me and fucked me. It was the closest I
got to cumming all night. The Boss watched us and  I kept hoping some more
customers would walk in. But they didn't. He shot his load into the condom and
slid off me.
And that's really all that happened in the 12 hours I spent there. I 'd counted
28 customers, but when I went into the bathroom I had 29 condoms in my handbag.
At $50 a go, my cut was 30% which gave me $435 for the night; and The Boss
$1015. Tips never entered my mind. Men like these don't tip whores.
When The Boss gave me my envelope there was only $305 in it. The bastard
had skimmed another 30% off my share for himself. I tried arguing with him
but he suddenly didn't understand English at all. When I saw the look on
Kristy's face after she'd counted her money I knew he'd skimmed her earnings
too. I guessed he took the same 30%. So it wouldn't really matter as far as our
contest went; as long as he did skim the same percentage off Kristy. But there
was nothing I could do about it anyway.
Again we spent the day sleeping in our cages resting up for our night on the
street. I was so horny though; I hadn't got off all night. I comforted myself
with the thought that things would be better on the streets the next night. I
liked it on the streets.
Fifty Dollars isn't much to buy an outfit with, even if it's only to wear as a
street whore. I'd browsed through a few opp-shops and the Salvo's. I found a
pair of knee high white lace up boots with high heels. I know guys like women in
boots; they were old and pretty much worn out, but they fitted and were only $20
so I bought them. A really really short white skirt was ideal and it was the
right size, but it was $25. The old guy in the shop wouldn't drop the price, I
thought about offering him a head job for it, but thought better of it. The
Mistress seemed to have people watching me everywhere I went. So I paid the old
bastard the $25. The skirt was so short, it was worth it. But that only left me
with $5.
Woolworth's had white long sleeved mens business shirts on special for $4.99.  I
bought one, ripped the sleeves off at the shoulder, and pulled all the buttons
off. It ended up looking pretty good. I just tied it in a knot under my tits. If
I bent over my tits fell out, but that would come in handy. I didn't want a bra
and didn't have any money left to buy panties. That was probably a good thing
too.  It  would save time.
When the Mistress had told me we were going to work the third night as street
whores I thought she meant in the Cross. But Trevor drove us out to the Western
suburbs. We had to pick up our customers on Parramatta Road. I hadn't done that
before.
Trevor dropped Kristy off in one spot and me another few kilometres up the road.
I knew this stretch was known for it's " Highway Whore's." There was something
on one of the current affairs shows a while back about a woman known as "Head
Job Helen" who worked this stretch of road.
It was just on 6.00 and dark when Trevor dropped me off under a Macdonald's
sign. He'd pick me up again in the morning under the sign at 6,00am. The rest
was up to me. I could charge whatever I wanted and do whatever I wanted;  but I
had to stay working Parramatta Road. There was a clearing up the end of an old
road where I could take customers and fuck them in the back seats of their cars.
The clearing was big enough for trucks which I thought might be important.
There were plenty of cars pull over, but most just wanted a look at the whore
selling herself on the side of the road. I kept looking towards the stream of
headlights coming towards me and then speeding past me at 100  k.p.h.
It took me a long time to get my first customer. He was a  strange looking bloke
with thick glasses and bad breath; but he drove a new Falcon. Plenty of room on
the back seat. I got $40 off him for a head job with no condom. I opened the
door and spat his cum out onto the grass. He didn't like it, but he'd already
paid and I wasn't looking to establish a customer base out here.
It was not a very successful night. I had condoms stuck down my boots, I didn't
have any money left to buy a handbag. But guys would only pay $30 to fuck me
with a condom, and wouldn't fuck me without a condom; or $40 for a head job
without a condom. That seemed to be the going rate on the highway.
One truck driver did pay me $50 to fuck him with a condom, but he was an older
guy and it took him forever to get off.
In all I fucked 2 guys on the backseats of their cars for $30; sucked off 3 guys
without a condom for $40; and the truck driver who paid me $50. Six customers in
12 hours for a grand total of $230. I couldn't believe that I could throw myself
at cars dressed the way I was for 12 hours and only get six takers.  I was sure
Kristy would have had a lot more customers and made a lot more money.
Nothing happened that even got me wet let alone got me off. I was as horny as
hell but there was no pleasure or satisfaction for a woman working the highways.
It was too uncomfortable and rushed for a start, and I had no idea who I was
getting in a car or a truck with. I couldn't relax. And I was worried about the
contest, about how poorly I was doing as a "HighwayWhore."
The only excitement all night came with my last customer. He was one of the guys
who paid $40 for me to suck him off without a condom. But he got rough with me.
He looked like one of the safer one's too. I felt quite relaxed with him as we
drove into the clearing behind the MacDonalds sign.
He drove a nice car and wore a business shirt and tie. He wasn't bad looking and
I thought I'd finger myself while I sucked him off. I was quite looking forward
to sucking this guy off. But as soon as we were in the back seat he started
getting rough. Pulling me by the hair, pushing me around trying to rip my top
off me. It was getting really scary until Desmond opened the door and sat beside
the man hurting me. In a way I was surprised to see him appear from nowhere; and
in another way I wasn't. There always seemed to be someone around to protect me
when I needed it.
" Good Evening Sir." Desmond said in that deep voice of his from behind dark
sunglasses. The man never said anything. Desmond is a huge man, dark skinned
with a " Don't Fuck With Me." aura about him. " We seem to have a problem here
Sir." Desmond said smiling.
" No...There's no problem." The man replied nervously.
" Yes. There is a problem." The smile disappeared. " You're damaging the
merchandise. Lynne provides an income stream for the people that own her.  Her
ability to generate income diminishes if she's damaged. That upsets the people
who own her. It upsets them very much."
" I wasn't going to......"
" I don't recall telling you you could speak." Desmond interrupted in a low
threatening voice. The man swallowed hard and shut up.
" As I was saying." Desmond continued. " Think of Lynne as a piece of
merchandise. You rent her for an agreed price to perform certain tasks for you. 
Now, the merchandise was trying to perform the task for which you hired her and
you decided to try and have a bit of extra fun which you didn't pay for. This is
not acceptable. If you want to hurt her then that's fine; but you pay
accordingly. Are you with me on this Sir ?"
" Yes."
" Good." Desmond smiled again. " Now, what did he pay for Lynne?"
" Um....A head job with no condom."
" Okay. Give the man what he paid for."
The guys cock was soft and shrivelled almost. It took me ages to get him hard
again with Desmond sitting next to him; and even longer to get him off. I had to
resort to playing with myself and pretending to cum to get him to cum. But he
didn't make any noises and he didn't move. I don't think he really had an
orgasm; I think he just ejaculated.
" Show the man that he got what he paid for Lynne." I opened my mouth and showed
the man his cum; he watched nervously as it slid down my throat when I swallowed
it.
The poor guy was still shaking when Desmond and I got out of his car; but he
jumped into the drivers seat with his pants still around his knees and took off.
" Thanks Desmond." He didn't answer me. I still made him sick, but  I can
understand why he feels the way he does about me.
I didn't get anymore takers after that. It was early morning the traffic was
light and people just weren't looking for a 'HighwayWhore." Two more guys pulled
over to have a look at me, but that was it.
Trevor picked me up, Kristy was already in the van. She looked exhausted and I
suddenly felt that way too. It had been a long night.
We both fell onto our bunks when we were back in our cages. We'd showered
changed into our Slave Girl clothes and eaten a meal of Rice and Water. Now all
we wanted to do was sleep.I thought about masturbating, I was still as horny as
hell. But I didn't want to do anything wrong now. I'd have to wait. I think we
both fell asleep very quickly.
The Mistress sent Monica down to tell us that the contest was over. She'd advise
us who had won when she was ready. So now I'm sitting here writing in my diary,
Kristy is in the cage beside me writing in hers. Soon we'll know which of us has
won.
Lynne re-read the last line a few times then closed her diary and hugged it
close to her as she lay on the bunk. She looked over at Kristy lying on her
bunk. Neither said anything, neither were game to. Soon the fate of one would
rest in the hands of the other.
The cage room door opened and The Mistress walked in. She wore a short red dress
with a plunging " V " neckline and high heeled red shoes. " How are we my little
sluts ?" She asked sarcastically as the two woman knelt at the doors of their
cages. " The contest is over, do you want to know who won ?"
" Yes please Mistress." Lynne and Kristy said together, their voices shaking.
"You won." She said pointing at Lynne. Her face lit up, Kristy's head slumped.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 32. A NEW SLAVE.

" And you won too." She said pointing at Kristy.
Lynne and Kristy looked at each other and then back at the Mistress. She was
playing with them again. Teasing them again. " It's a draw you stupid sluts."
The Mistress said laughing as she looked at the expressions on their faces. " If
it weren't for your insolence when Zaheer was valuing you Kristy you would have
won. A slave always pays a high price for Insolence."
She let them think about it for a moment and then said: " We'll have to have a
tie breaker. Which of you will degrade yourself the most for me. That is what
you must do to win the contest. Whichever one of you can think of and perform
the most humiliating and degrading acts for me wins. I will be the judge as to
which of you has thought of and performed the more disgusting and perverted acts
for me." With that she left them in the cage room.
A few days later they were back in their cages writing in their diaries again.
Lynne lied on her bunk and began writing:
I spent a restless time in my cage thinking about what the Mistress had said. 
All sorts of ideas ran through my mind. At first I'd thought I'd offer myself as
Kristy's slave for a week; and then I thought I would wet myself in a very
public place; a stage in a busy shopping mall or on a crowded train or bus. By
the time Kelly came to get me, I knew what I would do.
Kelly was still naked except for the chastity belt. The look of frustration on
her face even more desperate now. She took me to the sitting room and I stood in
front of the Mistress, Kelly curled up on the floor at her feet.
" I might let you cum tonight Kelly." The Mistress said looking down at her.
" If it pleases you Mistress." Kelly replied in a low despairing voice as she
polished the Mistress's shoes with her tongue.
" Rex hasn't had a good fuck for a while."
Kelly grabbed the opportunity being offered. " I'd love to fuck Rex if you want
me to Mistress. I'm sure I could satisfy his needs." I didn't know whether Kelly
had fucked the big Rottweiller before, but she would gladly fuck him now.  She'd
fuck anything or anyone now.
" Have you decided how you are going to degrade yourself for me Lynne ?" She was
still watching Kelly lick her shoes when she spoke to me.
" Yes Mistress." I handed her the notepad I was given to write down what I was
going to do for her. The Mistress flicked through it. It was hard to gauge her
reaction.
" I'll have the necessary arrangements made." The Mistress said looking up at
me. " In the meantime I'm sure Cherie can make use of you."
I spent the next few days in a skimpy maids outfit cleaning and washing and
doing all sorts of mundane menial tasks. The only sexual encounter I had was
when I helped serve dinner to the Mistress and a Lady friend of hers. I'd seen
the woman before somewhere. She looked familiar somehow; anyway the woman lifted
up my skirt and looked at my cunt while I served her coffee, and that was it.
The only remotely sexual thing that happened for those few days. I wasn't
allowed to masturbate either.
So by the time the night came to humiliate myself I was beyond frustrated and
horny. I was desperate. I couldn't imagine what it must have been like for Kelly
who I'd seen still wearing the Chastity belt. By the look on her face she didn't
get to fuck Rex.
I showered and dressed in my husbands bathroom. I wore a black garter belt and
stockings, black high heeled shoes and a skimpy little French Maid's outfit,
complete with the small frilly white apron and the white head piece.
The Mistress had arranged for the people I'd put on the list to be there.
Friends from before I met my husband, some people I'd worked with, some old
boyfriends, some neighbours and some people I knew didn't like me, or thought
they were better than me. The four women who were after my husband were on my
list as well; and they were all there when I walked out in my skimpy little
maids outfit. The Mistress watched me from behind the crowd.
Everybody was a bit tense and nervous to start with. No one really understood
what this was all about. It was a divorce party and they were going to find out
why my husband was divorcing the perverted little slut he'd married. By the end
of the night they would all think they knew why we were getting divorced; but
none of them would understand it; and they would talk about this night for the
rest of their lives.
There were 39 guests in all, a mixture of men and women. I served them drinks
and finger food. I lit their cigarettes and fetched ash trays for them. As the
night wore on the alcohol started to loosen everybody up.
Andrew, the neighbour next door was looking at me across the room as I served a
drink to Niki, one of the women who I knew had had her eyes on my husband for
years. I went over to Andrew and asked if there was anything I could do for him.
He was too nervous the first few times I served him to even look at me; but he
was looking at me now. He put his hand up under my skirt as he talked to me.
" You're a real little slut, aren't you Lynne ?" His speech was slightly
slurred.
" Yes, I'm a major fucking slut." I answered smiling. " But you can't fuck me
tonight. Maybe another night if you still want to. I have something else I want
to do tonight. I hope you enjoy it." I looked to see if the Mistress was
watching, she was.
All the men were groping me now as I served them. Even some of the women touched
me. I didn't expect that. Samantha, one of the women trying to get her claws
into my husband put her hand under my skirt. She'd had a lot to drink and her
natural instincts were coming out. " My husband will like you even more now." I
thought to myself. He saw her do it, so did the Mistress.
A guy I had the hots for at high school waved me over. " Were you like this at
school Lynne ?" He asked with a confused look on his face.
" I think I was, I just didn't know it."
" I wish you had known it." He laughed.
" Me too." I wished I had known about myself earlier. I'd wasted so much time. 
But I wasn't  going to waste anymore. The music stopped and my husband went over
to change the CD.
" You're too fat to wear what you've got on." A female voice said from across
the room. It was Paula, the receptionist from our doctors surgery. She was on
the list I'd given the Mistress and was following the script I'd written. She'd
always hated me for some reason, always looked down her pretty little nose at
me. I knew she'd enjoy doing this and be good at it.
" Your arse is too fat you old whore." She said loudly enough for everyone to
hear.
" I'm sorry my arse is so fat Miss." I said looking at her.
" So is your husband." She said bitterly. Maybe she wanted him too. She moved
towards me, everybody was watching now " You're husband is divorcing you because
you're a cheap slut, isn't he Lynne."
" Yes Miss." I answered politely. " He married a slut. Men don't normally marry
sluts, they normally just fuck us. But my husband knows I'm just a cheap slut
now, so he's getting rid of me. I'll have to go back to whoring it in the Cross
I suppose." There was a murmur of voices around the room and then silence again.
" How much does a fat whore like you get paid to fuck someone ?"
" Depends." I said casually. " Sometimes as much as $50. But usually $30."
More whispered voices echoed around the room.
" You make me sick." Paula said in a disgusted voice. She threw her drink in my
face and stormed out of the room. "Bat Out of Hell" blared out of the speakers
and my husband smiled as he walked past me following Paula.
A short while after that my husband took everybody onto the Patio out the back
where he had a computer with a 19" monitor set up on a table. He showed
everybody the Screen Savers of me inserting things inside me. A few of the women
left in disgust, they'd seen enough. I served drinks to everybody else as they
watched the images of me shoving all sorts of things up my cunt and arse hole.
The Mistress watched the people watching me.
The opening cords and beat of Madonna's " Like a Virgin" started pumping through
the speakers and I started strutting around the room. A few people noticed and
they nudged the person standing next to them. Soon everybody was watching me as
I danced around running my hands over my body.  I reached back and undid the
zipper on my skimpy little dress and let it fall to the floor. I rubbed my tits
through my bra and my wet cunt through the front of my stained panties.
I stood in front of Nick, the best man at our wedding and reached back and undid
my bra. Nick pulled it off me and my tits spilled out in front of me. My nipples
were hard and I pulled them and pinched them as I moved along a line of
bewildered faces. I stopped in front of Simon, a young guy I used to work with
and pulled my panties down and shoved them in his mouth. He spat them out.
I danced around and stood in the centre of the patio. The lights dimmed and
bright spotlights on the ceiling above me lit up and shone down on me as I got
down on my hands and knees, and rubbed myself between my legs.  It's hard to
describe the reactions of the people watching me when they saw the Mistress
leading Rommell, my husbands big black Rottweiller into the pool of light around
me. I think a few people ran off; they weren't sure I was actually going to do
it; but the mere thought sickened them.  But most of the familiar faces of my
friends and people I knew were still there as I looked around the room as
Rommell sniffed my arse. If anything some of them moved closer.
I heard a few more people scurry away when I turned around and wrapped my hand
around Rommells huge cock. I looked up at them as I took his cock in my mouth.
His watery cum was running out of the eye of his cock as I had been told it
would; and the knot at the base of his cock was huge.  We would be locked
together for a long time if he got his knot inside me.
When he was hard the Mistress helped him mount me from behind. She hadn't put
anything on his paws and his claws scratched my back drawing blood in a few
places. There were still over 30 people in the room watching me, but none of
them made a sound. The only noises were those Rommell made. He was panting and
growling as he humped my arse.
The Mistress held his cock against my arse hole. " Oh god yes in there." I
moaned loudly. " Stick his big cock up my arse." I tired to look up at the
people watching but I would have cum if I did.
The Mistress held his cock against my wet cunt and Rommell thrust it inside me.
The Mistress stood back and let Rommell take me. He was in charge now.  I was on
my hands and knees with his full weight on me and his cock inside me. Rommell
would decide if he would put his knot inside me.
He fucked me like I expected a dog would fuck me. Fast, rough and noisily. I
just took it like the bitch on heat I am. He fucked me faster and faster as he
got closer. I was panting and grunting as his huge cock pumped in and out of me
and his claws dug into me. I looked at the faces watching me just as Rommell
started to cum. Then I looked at the Mistress and came with him.  We were both
whining and making the most incredible noises as we came together. His hot cum
just kept pumping into me. There was so much of it I could feel it running out
of me and dripping down my thighs.
He stayed on top of me and inside me for a while after our orgasms were over,
but he hadn't put his knot inside me and when he was ready he pulled out of me
and jumped off me. A few more people left as I licked his big cock clean for
him.
" And that's what I caught her doing, and that's why I'm divorcing the sick
bitch." My husband said standing over me. The crowd were still stunned into
silence. " But now I'm getting rid of her, so it's time to have some fun." He
added smiling.
" Does anybody want to fuck me before I go ?" I asked as I gently licked
Rommell's cock. Nobody answered.
" Come back into the house." My husband said smiling. " You look like you could
all use a drink."  The opening beat of Shania Twain's " That Don't Impress Me
Much" pumped through the speakers and everybody started to wander off back into
the house. Most of them looked back at me one more time. I can't describe the
expressions on their faces.
Rommell had had enough of me too and he pulled away and curled up in a corner
away from me. I looked up at where the Mistress had been standing but she was
gone. I laid on the floor and thought about what I had just done. I could hear
the music; I could hear voices and laughter as people began to come to terms
with what they'd just seen.
I reached down between my legs and slowly rubbed my clit. Within a few minutes I
was breathing heavily and moaning loudly as a gentle fulfilling orgasm rippled
through my body. I collapsed on the floor as it peaked and quickly ebbed. I'd
never felt more satisfied or content as I did then. I felt........Complete.
The serenity ended when I saw Trevor standing over me. As I sat on a plastic mat
in the back of the van I wondered what all those people were saying about me
now. Trevor hosed me off before he took me into one of the bathrooms where I
showered and douched and bathed and showered again before being taken to my
cage.
I'd done it. There were moments when I doubted I could, but in the end there was
never any doubt that I would. The Mistress looked pleased with me and what I'd
done for her. I felt calm and at peace. I was sure I had won the contest now.
Monica took Kristy and me up to the sitting room with the couch in front of the
fireplace. Kristy and I curled up on the rug at the Mistress's feet and watched
the video Monica had made for the Mistress.
Kristy had told me about herself when we were lovers for that short time on the
Gold Coast. She was born and raised in Dungog, a small country town about 200
kilometres North-West of Sydney. Population, around 2000. The sort of town where
everybody knows everybody. The sort of town where a walk down the main street,
Dowling Street, can take hours. Everybody wants to stop and chat.
Kristy lived there till she was 18 when she moved to Sydney to attend
University. Like most Dungog girls, Kristy had spent some nights kissing and
groping on the front seats of cars with boys at the Reservoir up behind the
Hospital, or in the park down by the Williams river. But like most Dungog girls,
Kristy was a virgin when she left Dungog for the City.
She was an only child and lived out of town on Hooke Road, her father worked in
one of the local timber mills, and her mother worked as a Barmaid at the Royal
Hotel. Her parents moved to Port Macquarie on the coast a few years ago.
She met her husband to be at University and as she'd said to me: " Everything
changed after I met David." She'd had a mischievous look on her face when she'd
said it; but I didn't take much notice at the time. I didn't realise just how
much things changed for the girl from Dungog. I still wonder how she got
involved with all this; but then, I still wonder how I got involved with all
this.
The Mistress had seemed satisfied with what I'd done to degrade myself for her.
She never actually said anything, but I saw the look on her face just before I
came, I knew she was pleased with me. But as I watched the video of Kristy, I
began to worry that she'd degraded and humiliated herself more than I had.  Not
so much by what I saw her doing in the video; but the fact that the video was
being sold at the Royal Hotel in Dungog for $15.00.
Kristy proudly told the Mistress that her friend, the publican at the Royal
Hotel had sold 247 copies of the video already; and he'd only received them
yesterday. The more I saw and heard of how Kristy had degraded herself, the more
I worried  about the result of the contest. By the time the video was over, I
knew I'd lost.
The video started off with shots out over the Harbour at night. The camera
slowly panned around to the city and zoomed in through the skyscrapers and
streets and stopped on a woman walking under the famous 'Coke' sign in Kings
Cross. It was very well done. This was no home video. The opening shots had a
talkover by Kristy. She said who she was and sent some 'Hello's' to her friends
back home in Dungog. She even mentioned some people by  name.
"This is for all those people back home who wonder what life in the city is
like."
The camera zoomed in on Kristy standing under the Coke sign. She was dressed
like a cheap street whore. Red high-heeled shoes, red fishnet stockings, a red
skirt that was so short you could see her red lace panties; and a skimpy
see-through red top. Looking at her I remembered someone saying that the
Mistress's favourite colour is red.
" What's life in the city like ?" Kristy said smiling into the camera. "
Well...for a fucking little whore like me, it doesn't get any better than this."
She giggled and walked off down the street; then stopped and turned back to the
camera:
" Well I'm not really a whore." She said mischievously." Whore's cost money;
I'm free."  She giggled again and disappeared into the crowd.
Then Kristy was standing in the Fitzroy Gardens near the fountain. The home of
the homeless. " I love it here." She said to the camera as she walked into the
men's toilet. A middle aged man in a dirty old singlet was washing his socks and
underpants in the basin; he didn't have any pants on. He looked at Kristy and
then at the Camera. " Fuck off." Was all he said through tobacco stained teeth.
He had a scruffy beard and looked like he smelt bad, I can't imagine what he
actually did smell like.
" Come on sweetie." Kristy said in a sultry voice. " Why don't you let me taste
that big cock of yours." The man turned around, his big uncircumcised cock hung
down between his legs.
Kristy crouched down in front of him and sucked his soft cock into her mouth. 
The man had a vacant expression on his face; he'd seen a lot of things in his
time on the streets; but nothing like this. For the first time in probably a
very long time, the ugly smelly street bum had a spark in his eye.
" I love your big cock." Kristy panted as the camera zoomed in; she was running
her tongue all over his cock and licking his balls and then sucking on his cock
again. His cock was getting hard.
" Oh yes." Kristy moaned. " Let me get your big cock hard so you can blow in my
mouth." The camera panned back and Kristy's head was bobbing up and down as she
sucked on his cock. Another street bum wandered into the toilet and just stood
there watching.
The man started to moan. " Come on baby, cum for me." Kristy panted. The camera
zoomed in just as the man blew his cum all over Kristy's face. She scraped it
into her mouth with her fingers and licked her fingers clean, then licked the
mans cock clean.
The next shot was of Kristy coming out of the Ladies Toilet: " Just had to
freshen up." She said smiling as she walked past the camera.  Then there was a
laneway, empty, dirty, dimly lit. About half way up the lane way an old man in
clothes with holes in them was urinating beside a dumpster.
" Let me help you." Kristy said as she knelt down and held his cock for him. He
obviously didn't know what to do, or what was going on; so he let her hold his
cock while he finished pissing on the footpath.
Drops on urine were still dribbling out of his cock when Kristy put it in her
mouth. They must have done some editing here, I get the feeling it took her a
long time to get him hard, but on the video the camera had a close-up of his
stiff cock squirting his cum all over her face. " Thanks." Kristy said looking
up at him with her face covered in his cum.
The men didn't seem bothered by the camera. They must have been too drunk or too
stupid or just didn't care. I'm not sure which.
Then she was back up behind the fountain trying to suck off a drunk who was
asleep on a park bench. She was on her knees, her head bobbing up and down but
she couldn't get him hard; he didn't even wake up. Kristy looked up at the
camera and pouted like a disappointed little girl. Then she was walking up
Victoria Street again. Lights, cars, noise, people everywhere.
Kristy walked passed a doorway where a huge incredibly ugly man in a leather
jacket, blue jeans and big boots stood looking at her. He had sunglasses on even
though it was night time and his jacket was open, he wasn't wearing a shirt; his
body was covered in tattoos. Kristy walked straight up to him and ran her hands
over his chest. " Ooohhh I love these." Kristy sighed.
" Hey Bitch. What's the go with the fuckin camera ?"
" Fuck the camera." Kristy said as her hands ran over his chest. " I bet you got
a real big cock, haven't you. Let me suck your big cock for you."
" Fuck off bitch." He snarled at her and pushed her away.
" Oh come on, let me suck you're big cock for you. I love big cocks." Kristy
waved the camera away and disappeared into the doorway with him. She staggered
back out onto the street as he must have pushed her away again.
She smiled at him and disappeared into the doorway again. This time I could see
her arms and her arse poking out. She must have been on her knees. She moved
around a bit, her arse and arms disappeared from view every so often.  Then she
was walking up the street towards the camera. She opened her mouth and showed
the camera his cum just before she swallowed it.
Then Kristy was in a dingy Laneway talking to a young guy who was drunk or
stoned. He was leaning against the door of a beat up old Valiant. He had a pair
of dirty old jeans and a grotty T-shirt on. He wasn't wearing any shoes. There
were other young guys in the car, they started to get out, then the 4 of them
were standing around her, circling her.
The camera panned right back, it was a long way from them, they obviously didn't
even know the camera was there. One of them grabbed her and threw her over the
bonnet. The camera zoomed in as the four of them took it in turns to rape her on
the bonnet of the car: If it's possible to rape a woman like Kristy.
When they were finished with her they threw her down amongst the filth on the
side of the road and drove off. Kristy got up smiling and walked towards the
camera. " Look." She said laughing. She lifted up her skirt, her panties had
been ripped off her and cum was running out of her cunt and down her legs. " I
think I left a trail." She said laughing and walked off.
The camera followed her around as she fucked and sucked the dregs of society. In
laneways and doorways and the back seats of cars and on park benches. She sucked
off dirty smelly old men and played with herself while she did it.
Towards the end of the video she was in a sleazy looking porno booth. I
recognised it. I recognised The Leech straight away; the dirty smelly man who
bought my soiled panties. I remember the smell of that room. Cum, urine, beer. 
I remember how filthy the floor was. Empty cans and bottles. Condom wrappers,
old handkerchiefs, crumbs and food scraps: and cockroaches. There were
cockroaches on the floor; living in the carpet. It was a disgusting filthy
place.
" Come on Leech." Kristy was saying, don't worry about the camera. " Come on
fuck me......Please."
Leech looked up at the camera with that ugly face and those creepy eyes. He
wanted to fuck her, but he didn't like the camera. " Here." Kristy said. " I'll
pay you. How much do you want?" She pulled a $50 note out of the bottom of her
shoe. " $100." Leech said in that deep raspy voice of his.
" Ok sure Leech." Kristy said, desperate to fuck this man. She pulled another
$50 out of her shoe and handed them both to The Leech.
" Let me get you hard." Kristy said excitedly as she knelt down and took Leech's
huge soft uncircumcised cock out of the top of his dirty track pants.  She
sucked it and licked it and ran her tongue over his hairy balls. It didn't take
her long to get him hard. His cock was enormous when it was hard.  The Leech
stood up and bent Kristy over the grotty chair dirty old men sit in to jerk off.
He lifted her skirt and shoved his cock inside her in one movement.  Kristy's
face winced and she grunted loudly.
" Oh Shit. Fuck me Leech. Fuck me with that big cock of yours." She looked up at
the camera, her face red and filled with passion.
Kristy had paid $100 to have this low life fuck her and she loved every minute
of it. " I'm going to cum Leech." Kristy moaned. " I'm going to cum. Oh
Fuck....." She waited until she felt his huge cock explode inside her and came
with him.  She thrashed around and screamed out as she came. She looked up at
the camera at the peek of her orgasm. I can't describe the expression on her
face.  She loved getting off like this.....with him. She never came like that
with me when we were lovers.
Leech pulled his cock out of her when he was finished and pushed her onto the
floor with the rest of the trash. She quickly grabbed at her cunt and buried her
fingers inside herself. She reached under her leg and shoved a finger up her
arse and came again. The camera faded out with Kristy rolling around in the
filth on the floor with the her fingers up herself and her face contorted in
ecstasy.
It faded back in with Kristy walking down the stairs of the sleazy dump that
showed video's for dirty old men to jerk off to. Her skirt and top were stained
and filthy. Her hair was dirty and messy and had things in it; and her face was
glowing as she walked outside  just as day broke in The Cross.
" Woah." She said smiling into the camera. " And that's what life in the City is
like.....Well for me anyway." She giggled again. " I hope to see you all soon."
She blew the camera a kiss and headed off down the street. A young Aboriginal
teenager in dirty denim jeans, a T-shirt and no shoes was walking up the Street.
Kristy walked in front of him and started talking to him. You couldn't hear what
she was saying but he smiled and they ducked down a narrow space between two
buildings.
The camera crept up and peered around the corner. The Aboriginal teenager had
his back to a brick wall and his jeans and underpants down around his ankles.
Kristy was on her knees in front of him sucking him off. He came very quickly.
Kristy appeared from the gap between the buildings and opened her mouth for the
camera again. " Black men still have white cum." She said with his cum still in
her mouth. Then she smiled and waved at the camera and walked off down the
street. The picture faded to black with Kristy walking away through bright
sunlight streaming in from the East. .
I glanced up at the Mistress. She was obviously impressed with what she'd seen,
but didn't want to appear too impressed. She made some reference to taking
Kristy to Dungog tomorrow to watch her face her relatives and old friends who
would have all seen the video by then. Looking at the Mistress then I knew
Kristy had won the Contest. All I can think about now, is what will happen to me
now.
" When did Justin say he'll have your results back ?" The Mistress asked in a
matter of fact manner.
" Two weeks Mistress." Kristy replied smiling.
" You'll be kept isolated until we have your results back. Do you understand?"
" Yes Mistress." Kristy said softly. Then the Mistress looked at me.
" I'll keep you around until we get Kristy's results back from the Doctor. 
Provided she hasn't caught anything I'll let her decide whether we sell you or
throw you out on the street then."
" Yes Mistress." There was nothing else for me to say. It was over. If Kristy's
tests were clear it would be up to her what happened to me next. I knew what
that meant.
The next two weeks were strange. All I did was menial house work type jobs. I
wasn't used sexually in any way. I was allowed to masturbate or use 'The Dog'
whenever I wanted but there was no pleasure in either. I went through the period
of time where I was of no use to anybody, but nobody wanted to use me anyway.
The other slaves basically ignored me. It was a long 2 weeks.
Kristy got her results back and she was clean as I knew she would be.  I was
given to her as her slave for 3 days to try and convince her to let the Mistress
sell me to someone else. I did everything she told me to, performed every
disgusting act she wanted me to.
I humbled myself before her. I knelt at her feet and begged her to let the
Mistress sell me but she only ever laughed at me. " I'll think about it Lynne."
Was the best answer I got.
Now I'm sitting in my cage next to her writing in my diary for what I know will
be the last time. There are women in most of the other cages. Kim is opposite
Kristy, then Kelly, Monica, Therese is next to her; perhaps she's not just "The
Dog" anymore. Kirsty is on the end of the row opposite us. Cherie is on the
other side of me and Colleen's cage is empty, as is the other one after what was
Colleen's cage. I look around the room at these women and want so much to be
like them; to be here like them.
Thank you Mistress for showing me what I am and giving me the chance to
experience things that other women dare not even dream of.  Regardless of what
happens. I will always be yours if or when you want me, and I will always be
indebted to you.
Lynne. W.
The door to the cage room opened and the Mistress walked in. Lynne and Kristy
and all the other slaves quickly knelt at the doors to their cages. The Mistress
was dressed in the latex and leather gear they all loved so much.  Kristy and
Lynne  caught glimpses of her pussy  under her red latex skirt as she stood in
front of them.
" Do you like the view ?" She asked playfully. Lynne and Kristy quickly moved
their eyes from between her legs. Neither realised they were staring.
" Have you decided what we should do with Lynne, Kristy ?"
" Yes Mistress. Throw her out on the street where she belongs." Lynne didn't
react in any noticeable way. She knew that would be Kristy's decision.
" Your decision will surprise no one. You're a spiteful little slut Kristy. But
you no longer have the final say. I'm not keeping either of you."
" You can't do that....." Kristy snapped at her.
" I can do what I like you insolent little slut. I've found another woman who
interests me more that either of you two. I'm keeping her."
Trevor walked into the room with a woman in a red Slave Girl outfit on her hands
and knees being led along by a leash attached to a red dog collar around her
neck. Trevor left her at the Mistress's feet and handed her the woman's leash.
He opened the doors to Lynne and Kristy's cages and herded them out with the
crop stinging their arses as they crawled past him. They both stayed on their
hands and knees looking at the woman in red.
" In you go Cathy. This will be your home from now on." She unclipped Cathy's
leash and she crawled into what was Kristy's cage. Trevor locked the door.
" Do you want to be freed or sold Lynne?"  The Mistress asked impatiently.
" Please sell me Mistress."
" And you Kristy ?" Kristy hung her head in defeat. " Sell me please Mistress."
For an instant even Lynne felt sorry for Kristy. They were so cruel in this
world of theirs. Not just on the bodies of the slaves with whips and canes and
crops; but on their minds too. When Kristy looked over to Lynne any sympathy
Lynne had for her quickly disappeared. Kristy glared at Lynne, her eyes full of
hate and loathing.
Lynne and Kristy were taken from the cage room; unsure what lay ahead of them
and fearing the worst.
The Mistress walked up to Catherine's cage and looked at her. She'd never
expected Catherine to give up her other life. It had come as a very pleasant
surprise.
But Catherine could not forget that night the Mistress and Lynne's husband used
her. She remembered what the Mistress had said just before they left.  " I'm not
interested in whether you cum or not slut. I told you, I'm bored with you. Enjoy
the fruits of High Office Cathy. I know you'll always remember me, but I
certainly won't remember you."
Catherine was lying on the floor rubbing her wet cunt as the Mistress spoke,
trying to cum while she still had an audience. She came just as she heard the
door shut behind them. She thrashed around on the floor moaning, screaming and
whimpering pathetically. Calling out for her Mistress.
Catherine thought she could control the desires the Mistress had unleashed
inside her; but the desires controlled her. The Mistress wouldn't return her
calls, wouldn't meet with her. She had abandoned her. Catherine's freshly shaved
cunt was a tormenting reminder of that night; but she kept it shaved after that
night.
She masturbated in private thinking about that night, and although she climaxed,
she was always left unsatisfied, unfulfilled. She took a new lover, a young
woman she had wanted for a long time; but even the sex with her left her feeling
empty.
In the end, the decision to quit Parliament and give up her other life so she
could give herself to the Blonde Woman was an easy decision to make. She felt
strangely calm and at peace with herself once she'd done it. Sometimes the
biggest decisions we have to make in our lives are the easiest decisions to
make. That is how it was for Catherine.
The Mistress made Catherine prove herself by selling herself on the Streets of
The Cross. She did it eagerly, and earned a lot of money for the Mistress in the
process. The Mistress was sure that Catherine would prove to be a very
interesting addition to her collection. A new slave who would be far more
interesting than either Lynne or Kristy.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 33. THE BROKER.

" There won't be another auction for three weeks; and I want to get rid of you
two as soon as possible." The Mistress said looking at Lynne and  Kristy curled
up on the floor in the back of the van. " So I'll sell you through a Broker. I
won't get much for either of you. But I don't think either of you are worth
much."
Lynne and Kristy were taken to an old warehouse in Woolloomooloo. The building
had been renovated a few years ago. There were a number of  shops in the front
part of the building which sold Antiques; and there was one section at the  back
of the building which sold women.
Lynne and Kristy emerged slowly from the van, still in their little white Slave
Girl outfits. It was dark, they were in a dimly lit lane way; they both looked
liked lost and frightened little girls.
" Where are we ?" Kristy said nervously. The two women stood close to each
other. As much as they hated each other, all they had now was each other.
" In here Trev." Lynne and Kristy were both startled by the voice. A very tall
middle aged man with greying black hair was holding a door open. Trevor pushed
the two women towards him.
They were led down a narrow hallway, the tall man in front of them, Trevor
behind them. Their hands touched as they walked, Kristy's fingers quickly
wrapped around Lynne's, and the two women held hands as they walked along.
They were taken into a large modern office, and reluctantly let go of each
others hand; but they still stood close to each other; their bodies touching.The
Mistress was sitting on a couch off to one side of the room, but she never said
anything when they looked at her.
" How much do you expect to get for them ?" The tall man said as he closed the
door and ran his eyes over Lynne and Kristy.
" I'm only selling one of them." The Mistress said. " That one." She pointed at
Lynne. " Come here Kristy, down here." The Mistress pointed to the floor.
Kristy almost ran over and curled up on the floor at her Mistress's feet. " I
hope this has taught you a lesson Kristy. I hope I don't have to bring you back
here."
" I'll be a good slave Mistress." Kristy said licking her Mistress's shoes. "
I'll do anything for you....anything." The Mistress brushed her head away as if
she were an annoying puppy slobbering all over her expensive shoes. Kristy put
her head on the floor, and left one hand draped over her Mistress's
shoe.Kristy's face was glowing; Lynne's face was pale. For an instant she hated
the Blonde Woman more than she'd ever hated anybody. " You Cunt." She swore to
herself. " You love fucking with our heads more than our bodies you fucking
Bitch."
But those feelings were fleeting and soon passed. Lynne looked down at Kristy
wishing it was her curled up at the Blonde Woman's feet. It was Kristy she
really hated.
" I don't like you Lynne. I never have." The Mistress said coldly. "  Your
husband still has a soft spot for you; but I intend to make sure he forgets
about you very quickly."
Lynne's head slumped in shame this time. She couldn't look at the Blonde Woman.
Lynne had done everything she could to please her, but she'd never really wanted
her anyway.
" And I'm sure Kristy will help your husband forget you." The Blonde Woman
continued in the same cold tone. " You've never seen your husband with Kristy,
have you Lynne ? He gets very......passionate with her...Very passionate. But
he's spending so much time with Debbie lately, I doubt Kristy will have many
opportunities to put a smile on your husbands face; but I'm sure he'll make the
most of the time he does get to spend with Kristy."
" I hope my husband finds pleasure with whatever women he wants." Lynne said
defiantly. Looking the Blonde Woman in the eyes.
" Actually, that's ex-husband. Isn't it Lynne ?"
" Yes Mistress. My ex-husband." Lynne's voice trailed off and she stared at the
floor again. She just wanted this to be over with quickly.
" How old is she ?" The tall man asked.
" She's 32 John,"
" She looks it. I might have more luck selling her in one of the Antique
stores." John laughed and the Mistress smiled. Kristy gave Lynne a smug look
that would have made Lynne feel sick if she'd seen it. But she wouldn't look at
her, she wouldn't give Kristy the satisfaction.
" Show me what you've got to offer." Jonh said as he lit a cigarette.
Lynne took off her top and skirt and held them in front of her. " You won't be
needing those anymore." John said as he snatched them off her and threw them
onto the floor.
" Not bad." He said as he walked around her looking at her. " Big tits, nice
nipples, big wet cunt; arse is okay, she's got a bit of shape to her. And her
face isn't too bad either. I'm sure I can find a buyer for her. Did you have a
number in mind ?"
" No. Whatever you can get for her."
" Do you have a minimum ?"
" No. Go as low as you have to. I just want to get rid of her."
" What about leasing or renting ? There's nothing special about her. It could
take a while to sell her. You may as well make something out of her while she's
here."
" That's fine John; as long as you get rid of her permanently as soon as
possible."
Lynne was still trying to comprehend what was happening when a hand grabbed her
from behind. " Put her in 11 Greg." John said as he turned his back on her.
Lynne never saw the Blonde Woman or Kristy as she was dragged away.
Greg is an incredibly ugly man: Average height, over-weight with receding red
hair; and a red face, scarred from all the skin cancers he's had cut out.  He
took Lynne out a different door, down a different corridor and into a room with
the number 11 on the door.
It was like a small Motel room. A bed against one wall, a TV opposite which was
showing a Pornographic movie; a wardrobe and a small bathroom off to one side.
"  The light up there goes on." Greg said pointing at a Red light on the
ceiling.
" And a bell rings three times. By the third ring, you have your arse out
there."
He pointed to another door opposite the door they came in.
Lynne looked at the door, and then back at Greg. " Do you want me to......"
" Yes for fuck sake." Greg said in an annoyed tone; as if it should have been
obvious to the dumb slut that he wanted her to go out there now.
Lynne opened the door and walked out into a 'Window Display', like those in
Department stores. It was small; about 6'X4'; carpeted and brightly lit. There
were colour photo's of women in all sorts of erotic and disgusting poses on the
three walls at the back and sides; and thick glass at the front.
Beyond the glass was a wide tiled walkway, like those in a Shopping Mall or
Arcade. There were idententical Display Windows opposite, and more on either
side of her. Lynne  could see six opposite her when she stood close to the
glass, and there seemed to be more  beyond those that she could see.
" You stand there." Greg said in a patronising voice. " On the big "X",
understand ?'
" Yes Sir." Lynne said as respectfully as she could. " I stand on the big 'X'
Sir."
She was just another dumb slut to him.
" When the bell sounds again, you go back inside, and wait to do it all over
again. Do you understand ?"
" Yes Sir."
He went back into the room and Lynne followed him. " I like it when we get new
stock in." He said with a big grin on his ugly face. Lynne thought  he'd make
her suck him off, or bend her over the bed and fuck her up the arse, or
something. But she didn't expect to have to kiss him. And she had to kiss him
passionately; sloppy tongue kisses; and she had to look at him while she kissed
him. He was so ugly, she would have much preferred to have just sucked him off.
But he made her undress him slowly, Lynne had forgotten that she was already
naked. Then she had to fuck him on the bed with her on top. She'd been horny for
days, but she had to keep kissing him and looking at him while she fucked him,
and although she got very wet; she couldn't cum kissing him.
When he was close to cumming he pulled his cock out of her and jerked off; his
cum landing all over his hairy red stomach. Lynne had to lick every drop of it
off his stomach. She kept getting hairs caught in her mouth; but she smiled as
she did it; and made all the right 'Mmmm' noises.
When he was finished with her he told her to take a shower; and watched her go
into the bathroom. " Leave the door open." She needed to urinate, so she did it
with him watching. Lynne was getting use to people watching her take a piss, it
almost seemed normal now.
" We sell you 'Raw.'" Greg said over the noise of the shower as he watched her
wash herself with liquid soap from a dispenser hanging from the wall. " That
means, no clothes, no make-up, no jewellery, no nail polish, nothing. There's
black robes in the wardrobe. You wear one of those to start with, take it off
when you're in the ' Window.' If you're told to."
" I understand Sir."
After she'd finished her shower and Greg had left, Lynne lay on the bed in one
of the Black Silk Robes thinking about all that had happened.
Her feelings towards the Blonde Woman had changed. Lynne didn't think that she
had any intention of keeping her all along. The look in her eyes when she told
Lynne she didn't like her and never did was real. Lynne was sure that the Blonde
Woman hated her, but she couldn't understand why. The more she thought about it
the more convinced she was; and the more confused as to 'why' the Blonde Woman
hated her.
" You've got a 'thing' for my husband, haven't you Bitch ?" She said to herself. 
She'd suspected it all along. But it didn't matter now anyway. Lynne still
needed to pursue this, with or without the Blonde Woman.
The Pornographic  movies on the TV opposite the bed played continuously. One
after the other. There was no way of turning the TV off, or the sound down. 
Lynne looked up and saw a woman tied to a bench panting loudly as her Mistress 
attached clothes pegs to her nipples and cunt lips and then all over her body.
The woman had to count as the pegs were clamped to her skin.  " 23 Mistress.
Thank you Mistress." The woman moaned. Lynne didn't realise that she was playing
with herself until a jolt of pleasure ran through her body as her fingers
touched her clitoris.
" You bad slut." Lynne teased herself and quickly untied the cord on her robe,
pulled it open, spread her legs, and stroked herself gently. The woman on the TV
had 50 pegs on her, including one on her clitoris. Her Mistress was flicking the
pegs at random. The woman moaned softly as the pegs were flicked, and moaned
loudly when the peg on her clit was flicked.
" Please Mistress, the one on my clit......." Lynne's fingers were smeared with
her juices as she watched the woman writhing in ecstasy. Lynne's orgasm crept up
on her, she'd only been touching herself gently but it had been a few days and
her body couldn't wait any longer. Lynne slid her other hand down between her
legs and spread her lips so she could get at her clit better. She bit her lip,
rubbed her clit, and felt her orgasm build quickly inside her as she listened to
the woman on the TV. She screamed out that she was cumming, and Lynne was about
to cum too when she heard the bell ring loudly once.
" Shit." Lynne swore, she was so close. The bell rang a second time. " Shit."
Lynne ran into the bathroom and washed her sticky fingers under the tap. Her
shaved cunt was smeared with her juices, but there wasn't time to wipe herself
clean.
" I hope the shoppers like a wet cunt." Lynne joked to herself as she tied the
belt on her robe and stepped out into her 'Window' just as the bell rang for the
third time.
" Fuck! Please don't buy me." Lynne said to herself when she saw the couple
strolling down the Arcade. They were probably only in there late 30s, but she
was a huge woman, at least a size 26. And he had a beer belly and grey hair. 
There were a number of women in the windows across the Arcade from Lynne.  The
couple looked at some of them and then she couldn't see them. They were standing
close to the Window to her right. Then she noticed the woman directly opposite
her. She was young, early 20s, with black hair and a pretty face. She wasn't
exactly what Lynne classed as beautiful; but she had that dark mysterious sort
of look about her.
The fat couple strolled across the Arcade to look at her. Lynne noticed a sign
in the corner of the woman's window. It said her name was 'Shannon'. Lynne
glanced down and saw a similar sign in her window.
Then she looked up and watched Shannon take off her robe. Lynne licked her lips
when she saw what Shannon looked like under the black robe. She was slim, with
smallish tits and a thin strip of black pubic hair between her legs.  Lynne
liked what she saw; she liked it very much.
Then the couple strolled over to Lynne's window. Shannon was still naked, just
standing there on her 'X'. " She's too old." The large woman said as they looked
into Lynne's window. Lynne heard her voice from a speaker in the ceiling
somewhere. " I like her." The man said. " Take off your robe...." He looked at
Lynne's sign. " Lynne."
Lynne undid the belt and slid the robe off. The woman screwed up her face and
the man shrugged his shoulders; and they moved back to the window to Lynne's
right. " Take a look in the mirror you fat bitch." Lynne said to herself.  She
didn't want them to buy her, but she didn't like the way the woman had screwed
up her face up at her.
Lynne saw Shannon looking at her and felt her cunt getting very wet very
quickly. The little bell sounded again. Lynne saw Shannon smile at her and wave.
Lynne smiled back. Her hand was shaking as she tried to find the handle hidden
in the back panel of her window. She looked back when she found it and opened
the door, Shannon was gone.
Lynne put her robe back on and lay on the bed again. There were two women on the
TV in a 69 position moaning loudly as they licked and sucked on each others wet
pussy's. A third woman was strapped to a wall watching them. Her hands were
chained to the wall, she could just reach the top of her groin as she tried
desperately to touch herself.
There was something familiar about the woman chained to the wall. Lynne knew
she'd seen her somewhere; she just couldn't remember where. But she knew these
video's were real. What the people were doing was real.
Lynne tried not to watch the movies, tried not to listen to the noises the women
in the video were making; and she tried not to think about Shannon. Her hand had
snuck under her robe a few times and she'd had to force herself to stop.  The
bell could ring at any time; she only just made it out before the third ring the
first time. She didn't know what the punishment was for not being in her Window
when she was suppose to be; but she wasn't game to find out.
The women in the video were screaming loudly as they climaxed together; and the
woman chained to the wall was whimpering pathetically as she tried desperately
to join the other two in their moment of ecstasy.
Lynne opened the door to her Window and peeked out. Shannon was standing in her
Window looking towards her. When she saw Lynne she smiled and slid one hand up
under her robe and her other hand down the top of her robe.
Lynne bit her lip as she watched the young woman pleasuring herself, and then
stepped out into her Window.
Lynne and Shannon watched each other masturbate; both were standing up and 
neither removed their black robes. They started off very slowly, just touching
themselves gently, letting the passion build.
The two women copied what the other was doing. Shannon stared into Lynne's eye's
while she sucked on two fingers and then spread her legs more so she could reach
up under her robe and slide her moist fingers inside herself.
Lynne watched her and then did the same; she licked her fingers, spread her legs
and shoved her fingers into her wet pussy. The two women fingered themselves in
rhythm with each other. Slowly, deliberately, sliding their fingers in and out
of themselves.
Lynne reached up under the back of her robe with her other hand and gently
rubbed the outside of her arse hole; Shannon watched her and then did the same.
Lynne saw Shannon lift her other fingers to her mouth and lick her juices off
them; Lynne quickly started sucking on her own fingers as she slowly slid a
finger inside her arse hole.
They moved their fingers back between their legs and rubbed their clitoris's. 
Slowly at first, and then faster and faster. Shannon's eyes closed for an
instant and Lynne could sense she was close.
" Wait." She could only mouth the word and hope that Shannon understood.  She
did. Lynne rubbed herself faster and Shannon rubbed herself slower. They looked
into each others eyes, talking to each other with their eyes.
" Now ? " Shannon mouthed the word; she couldn't hang on much longer.  Lynne
nodded her head and prayed that the little Bell didn't ring now. The two women
climaxed together like that. Watching each other across the wide walk way.
Lynne's orgasm was intense, and shook very part of her body; but didn't last as 
long as  Shannon's; and she stroked herself gently as she watched the expression
on the young woman's face; and imagined what sorts of noises she was making.
Both women disappeared quickly back into their rooms once their desires had been
fulfilled; exchanging brief glowing smiles before they closed their doors behind
them. Both felt like disobedient little schoolgirls who'd got away with doing
something very naughty. Lynne lent her back against the door and laughed quietly
to herself.
She cleaned herself up, put on a clean robe and curled up on the bed. The TV had
a woman on her knees sucking off a man with other men standing around watching.
She sucked all of the men off; seven men in total, and collected their cum in a
Crystal wineglass. Then drank it hungrily through a straw while she played with
herself.  The Bell rang.
Lynne was in her window before the second ring this time. She looked across the
Arcade and saw Shannon smiling mischievously at her, Lynne smiled back.  They
stood there for a long time before a woman finally strolled into view; at least
it looked like a woman.
Lynne wasn't sure until she was standing in front of her window looking at her.
The woman wore a red men's singlet with no bra, blue jeans and riding boots. 
She carried a motor cycle helmet under one arm, and had a leather jacket draped
over her shoulder. Her hair was cut very short and her arms were covered in
tattoo's.
" Lose the robe Bitch." She heard the woman's voice in the speaker above her and
Lynne undid her robe and slid it off her body. The woman looking at her seemed
reasonably impressed with what Lynne had to offer; but she was far more
impressed with what Shannon had to offer. She never looked at Lynne again once
she saw Shannon.
The bell rang again a short while after the woman had wandered off. Lynne looked
over at Shannon. She looked so sad. She gave Lynne a wave and tried to smile,
but it was a fake smile, a forced smile. Shannon didn't want to be owned by a
butch dyke like the one that had just bought her. But Shannon had no say in it.
Lynne lay on the bed thinking about Shannon and what the woman that had bought
her would do with her. Lynne felt a twinge of guilt that she was so glad the
Biker Dyke had bought Shannon and not her. But the feelings soon passed.  Lynne
couldn't afford those sorts of feelings.
Lynne lay on the bed, the TV showing a woman being spanked by another woman, and
thought about what had happened to her over the past couple of months. There was
so much to think about.
This world of theirs was a cruel, tormenting world, she would never really be
safe. She could only ever live one day at a time. The Blonde Woman had taught
her that.
Lynne thought about what the Blonde Woman had said about Desley the night she
sold Kelly and Rebecca at the auctions.
" Desley is not as young or as beautiful as the rest of you but I would keep her
ahead of any of you. She is the only truly obedient one of all of you. In all
the time I've had her she has never hesitated when instructed to do something. 
Not once, not even for an instant. Her obedience is unfailingly instinctive and
immediate."
And yet the Blonde Woman had discarded Desley when Lynne betrayed her.  Given
her away to a woman who would lock her in a chastity belt and torment her by
denying her any pleasure.
Lynne's feeling towards the Blonde Woman had changed now. Lynne knew it was
possible that she was just fucking with her head again when she said all those
things about how she didn't like her and never had; and the things she'd said
about her husband.  But Lynne knew from the look in the Blonde Woman's eyes when
she said it that she meant it. She meant every word of it.
Lynne didn't understand why, but she knew there was no point trying to figure it
out. Nothing made any sense in this world of theirs.  The Bell rang again.
Shannon wasn't in her Window this time as two men in suits strolled down the
Arcade looking at the women for sale. Like a lot of the people that came to look
at the women, they were just window shopping.
They enjoyed seeing the women like Lynne on display, enjoyed making them take
off their robes; making them spread their lips; making them bend over and pull
the cheeks apart; enjoyed making all sorts of crude comments about them; enjoyed
making them feel like worthless old whores.
Lynne had lost track of how many times she'd heard the bell and stood in her
window. She'd been fed a few times. A tray slid under a small gap at the bottom
of her door. Rice, water and fruit. It was all they ever fed her now.
A voice coming from a speaker in the ceiling told her when to eat, when to
shower and when to sleep. Lynne obeyed the voice.
She was lying on the bed, freshly showered, in a clean robe watching the TV. 
She saw herself on the floor at the Blonde Woman's feet frantically rubbing
herself between the legs. There was no sense of shock or surprise that they were
playing the tape of her masturbating for her Mistress. There was little they
could do to shock her anymore. They'd conditioned her to expect the unexpected;
it had taken her a while to learn the lesson and accept it. But she had now. She
felt herself getting moist again as she watched herself cum.
Her body responded even more when she saw Kristy masturbating for the Mistress.
Then Debbie was on the floor, moaning loudly as she fingered herself and came in
a quivering heap on the floor at the Blonde Woman's feet.
" They got you too." Lynne said quietly to herself as she watched Debbie rubbing
her shaved pussy.
Again she felt no great sense of surprise. She knew her husband had always found
Debbie attractive, but Lynne could never really understand why. Debbie was slim,
with long mousy brown hair. Her tits were quite small, but she did have nice
legs and a cute arse. She thought Debbie was pretty average looking really.
" There's nothing particularly special about you." Lynne said at the screen with
a hint of envy. It was the way people in this world spoke. Lynne was becoming
more like them each day, she didn't notice these more subtle changes  in
herself; but others did.
" How long has he been playing with you ?" Lynne said to the screen as she
watched Debbie cum. " How long has my husband been 'conditioning' you for?  How
long did it take him to turn you into this ?"
" Thank you Mistress." Debbie panted, her eyes still closed, her fingers still
buried inside herself, ripples of pleasure still running through her body.
" You're quite an attractive little slut Debbie." The Blonde Woman said as she
pushed Debbie onto her back with her foot. " But you have the most annoying and
irritating  voice of any whore I've ever known. You will never speak in my
presence again. Never. Do you understand slut ?"
Lynne watched Debbie start to answer and saw her catch herself in time.
Debbie looked up at the Blonde Woman standing over her and nodded: Yes.
The Bell rang.
Paula had a smug look on her face as she walked up to Lynne's Window. Lynne knew
this would be a humiliating experience, and she knew she'd enjoy it.
" And I can just rent her for a few nights?" Lynne heard Paula's voice through
the speaker in the ceiling.
" Yes." John answered as he stepped into view. " Justin rang me earlier. I'll
book her out on his account, and you can take her with you now. Her owner has
Okayed it. You can have her for the weekend. I just need you to come to the
office and take care of some paperwork."
Lynne had never wanted to admit how attractive a woman Paula is; but there was
no point denying the obvious now. Tall, slim, with long blonde hair. Paula was a
beautiful woman. Not as stunning as Cherie, but not that far behind her either.
Greg took Lynne out into the back Laneway and put her in the back of Paula's
little red BMW. Lynne was still naked, she lied on the back seat and waited. 
She wondered how a Doctors receptionist could afford a BMW.
Paula looked in at her through the side window. That smug smile still on her
face. " Sit up bitch." She said as she got into the drivers seat.
" Yes Miss." Lynne answered softly.
" Mistress." Paula snapped at her, looking at her in the rear vision mirror. "
You call me Mistress little slut."
" Yes Mistress." Lynne's eyes met Paula's in the mirror. Lynne could see how
much Paula was going to enjoy having her for the weekend.
Lynne sat in the back seat naked as they drove through the city and down
Southern Cross drive past the airport. The people in the cars beside them looked
at her, she knew they could see her tits. She knew the truck drivers that drove
along beside them could see all of her. Lynne just stared ahead, not
acknowledging the shouts and whistles from the cars and trucks beside her. 
Paula made sure she got as many red lights as she could.
By the time they turned off The Princess Highway into Ellis Street, the seat
beneath Lynne was damp and sticky.
She knew this part of Sylvania Waters, her husband had a friend who lived in
Murray Island. The houses here were worth Million's. Lynne wondered how Paula
could afford to live somewhere like this as they turned into the driveway of a
huge ultra-modern rendered concrete and glass house.
The front garden was beautifully landscaped and meticulously maintained.  There
were five roller doors at the end of the drive, Paula pushed a button on the
dash and one of the roller doors opened and they drove in.
Paula was furious when she saw the stain on the seat where Lynne had been
sitting. " Clean it up you dirty slut." She yelled at her. Lynne tried to lick
her juices off the seat, but it was a Grey Velvet type material and her saliva
only made the stain more obvious. " It's not my car you fucking little Bitch.
Now it's got your cunt juice all over the seat." Paula seemed more worried than
angry now. She grabbed a rag off a work bench and threw it at Lynne as she was
trying desperately to clean the seat with her tongue.
" Wipe it off." Paula screamed at her. " Wipe your smelly stuff off the fucking
seat......Shit !"  Lynne grabbed the rag and tried rubbing the stain out. Paula
took her shoe off and hit Lynne across her bare arse with it as she tried to
clean the seat.
" You fucking dirty slut !" Paula shouted as she hit her with her shoe. Lynne
felt like a dog who had pissed on an expensive rug. Paula was almost frantic as
she hit Lynne again and again with her shoe.
" I'm sorry Mistress." Lynne groaned as Paula's shoe kept stinging her arse.
" I'm just a horny slut with a dirty cunt. I was always leave a stain where I've
been sitting."  Paula suddenly stopped hitting her and told her to get out. She
looked at the stain on the seat again and swore again.
Lynne wondered whose car it was and why Paula had 'lost it' the way she had. 
Her behaviour seemed irrational, uncontrolled. Paula fumbled through a set of
keys trying to find the right one to open the door. She obviously didn't live
here.  Lynne wasn't sure what was going on, but she felt very uncomfortable with
Paula. She hoped she wasn't going to be alone with her all weekend, she hoped
there would be other people around.
The house was magnificent on the inside. An open plan style with multi-levels,
raked ceilings, timber floors, expensive furniture and rugs, high tech lighting
and modern art work on the walls. There was a deck with panoramic views out over
Gwawley Bay.
Paula fumbled with the keys again and unlocked a door that opened onto a landing
with a spiral staircase that descended into the  darkness below. Lynne followed
Paula down the stairs; another door; another key Paula had to find on the
key-ring and then she closed the door behind them.
" You can scream all you like in here. No one will here you." Paula's voice was
different now. Lynne felt her pulse quicken as the room was slowly bathed in a
warm soft light. It was a dungeon. There were racks and whipping posts and
devices of torture; and a cage in the corner that looked as if someone lived in
it.
Lynne looked at Paula, her face was very different now too. The panicked
expression from seeing the stain Lynne had left on the seat was gone. The look
in Paula's eyes sent a cold shiver of fear and excitement running through
Lynne's body.
Paula tied Lynne to the whipping post and left her alone in the dungeon. When
she returned she was dressed in black Latex pants and bra and thigh high black
leather boots. Lynne loved the way Paula looked. All that black Latex and
Leather, with her beautiful long blonde hair falling down behind her. She looked
as good as the Blonde Woman had ever looked. Maybe better.
Paula spent a long time torturing Lynne. She whipped her, tied her down and
dripped hot candle wax on her. She attached pegs to her like in the video Lynne
had seen in her room at the Broker's. Lynne's body was red and marked and
smeared in perspiration by the time Paula was finished torturing her.
Paula made Lynne get on her hands and knees and tell her how beautiful she was.
" You're the most stunning woman I've ever seen Mistress." Lynne moaned as she
licked Paula's boots. " A whore like me isn't worthy to lick your boots
Mistress. You're so beautiful. I could cum just looking at you."
Lynne bathed Paula as she lay in a long bath in a plush bathroom off the
dungeon; all the time telling her how beautiful she is. Lynne had always hated
her, always thought she was a stuck up snobby bitch. But Lynne never realised
just how narcissistic and vain Paula is. How much she loved to be told how
beautiful she is. How much she got off on it.
" Your skin is so soft Mistress." Lynne said as she gently ran a pink sponge
over Paula's shoulders. " I get so wet just looking at you, and my little slut
cunt is dripping from seeing you naked Mistress, from being allowed the honour
of bathing you. I hope my dirty slut cunt doesn't stain the floor Mistress."
Paula was playing with herself. Lynne could see her hand under the water gently
rubbing the blonde mound between her legs.
" You're absolutely gorgeous Mistress. Your breasts are incredible." Paula
moaned softly. "  You're body is magnificent Mistress." Paula moaned louder this
time, her eyes were closed and her hand was moving faster between her legs.
Lynne dipped the sponge in the warm water and ran it slowly over Paula's
breasts. " Your pretty Mistress. So incredibly pretty. I wish I looked like you
Mistress. I'd give anything to look like you. You're every man's fantasy woman
come to life Mistress. You're what  every woman wants to look like. You're so
beautiful Mistress."
Paula screamed out and thrashed around in the water moaning and grunting loudly
as she came listening to Lynne tell her how beautiful she is. She kept her eyes
shut the whole time, she wanted to concentrate on Lynne's voice telling her how
beautiful she is.
Lynne didn't think Paula's orgasm would end, each time it began to fade it would
strike back, even more ferocious than it was before. Eventually Paula pushed
Lynne away and let out a long deep breath.
" You may cum looking at me slut."  Paula said looking down at Lynne on her back
on the floor. " Sit there."
Lynne sat on the toilet in the corner of the bathroom with her legs spread wide
and her fingers deep inside herself. She watched Paula stand up and dry herself 
with a fluffy pink towel.
" Don't cum yet slut." Paula said looking down at Lynne.
" No Mistress." Lynne panted, I would never cum without your permission.  Paula
left Lynne like that and when she returned she was wearing the white uniform she
wore when she was Justin's Receptionist. The way she was all those times she
looked down her nose at Lynne and treated her like she was a fool.
" You're right slut." Paula snarled at her. " You're not worthy to lick my
boots.  But I will let you cum looking at me. I know you've cum thinking about
me many times before."
" Thank you Mistress." Lynne panted." I have cum thinking about you before
Mistress."
" Call me Paula."
" Oh God.....Thank you Paula. A cheap slut like me isn't worthy to call you by
your name, I know that, but calling you by your name makes me so wet.....I think
about you and play with myself all the time Paula. I'm nothing compared to you,
I know that. But I get myself off thinking about you all the time Paula."
Lynne moaned loudly. The sound of her fingers sliding in and out of her wet cunt
echoed around the bathroom. " I fantasise about you all the time Paula. I
pretend I'm in the surgery and you're behind the reception desk, dressed the way
you are now. You look so good like that Paula, so hot."
Lynne moaned and her head rocked back. " In my fantasy, it's late and no one
else is there and I ask you if you want to go for a drink or a cup of coffee.
You say that a woman like you doesn't have a drink with a cheap whore like me. 
But you might let me lick your arse hole." Lynne grunted loudly, her breathing
was heavy and erratic.
" I fall to my knees and crawl around the other side of the reception desk and
kneel at your feet and beg you to let me lick your arse hole. At first you say
no.  But then you stand up and lean over the reception desk and say: Alright
little slut you can lick my arse hole this once, but stop hanging around me and
following me around all the time. I say: Yes, I'll stop hanging around you all
the time but I don't mean it. I'll keep making up excuses to come in so I can
see you. To come and look a you."
Lynne was close now. Paula looked down at her as she squirmed around on the
toilet with three fingers inside herself and her other hand rubbing her clit.
" You look so hot in your white uniform, you look hot in anything. But I'm on
the floor and I can see up your dress. I could cum just looking up your
dress....I reach up and pull your stockings and panties down and start licking
your arse hole." Lynne grunted loudly and came; moaning loudly, thrashing around
on the toilet and calling out:
" I lick your arse hole Paula........I cum licking your arse hole Paula...."
Lynne groaned one more time as the last intense jolt of pleasure hit her and
then whined softly when her orgasm was over. " Thank you Paula........' Paula
dragged Lynne off the toilet and pushed her out the door into the Dungeon and
then out towards the spiral staircase. Lynne was still breathing heavily; her
legs were weak and shaking. She didn't know if she could make it up the stairs.
Paula put her in the boot of the red BMW. It was dark, and hard to breath. 
There were petrol fumes that made Lynne's eyes water. The car started up and
then was switched off.
" Are you alright Lynne?" Justin was looking down at her.
" Yes Sir." Lynne said, confused with what was going on. Paula was on her knees
beside Justin. " I'm sorry Master. I didn't know. Please forgive me...." Paula
had tears in her eyes as she pleaded for mercy.
" I've let myself get too close to you Paula. I've let you forget what you are.
That was a mistake. A mistake I intend to correct."
" Master please.....I'm sorry......."
Justin's wife drove Lynne back to the Broker's in Woolloomooloo. She  let her
lie down on the back seat. She looked at Lynne in the mirror, she'd always liked
Lynne, back when she was a very different Lynne. She could see the confusion on
her face. " We've had Paula for several years now. Justin had given her
permission to use you for the weekend as a reward. I don't believe in rewarding
slaves, Justin does, he's too soft with them. But Paula was not to use you in
the dungeon. She knew that. She has no training on how to whip a woman without
damaging her. But the little slut couldn't help herself once she had you to
herself. Paula will regret what she did today for a very long time." The rest of
the drive was taken in silence.
A meal of rice and water was waiting for her when she got back and Lynne was
given permission to shower and sleep. She had no idea how long she had been gone
for; she had no idea what day it was or what time it was. But it was another
part of being a slave that she was becoming accustomed to.  The Bell rang and
Lynne stepped out onto her Window in her black robe. She smiled when she saw the
expression on Paula's face as she stood in the Window opposite, the Window that
Shannon had been in. Paula didn't smile back when she saw Lynne looking at her.
Lynne's expression changed when she saw her husband strolling down the Arcade,
he had Debbie on a leash behind him with her head bowed, she was wearing  a
little white Slave Girl outfit.
Lynne watched her husband walk up to Paula's window. Watched her undress for
him; watched her turn around and bend over for him. Lynne saw the smile on her
husbands face. He liked what he saw when he looked at Paula. His eye's met
Lynne's for a moment and Lynne felt suddenly very alone. It was like he didn't
recognise her; as if he didn't  know her; had never known her.
Lynne's head slumped for a minute. The Blonde Woman had said she'd make sure her
husband soon forgot all about her. He already had Debbie to play with; and
Kristy, and now he had Paula too.
" Take your robe off." Lynne looked up and saw a couple standing in front of her
window. Without even having to think about it she untied her belt and let her
robe fall to the floor. Displaying herself for others was a very natural, almost
instinctive thing for Lynne to do now. >


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 34. NEW OWNERS.

 " Turn around." Lynne heard the voice and turned around but her mind was still
somewhere else.
" Bend over." The couple watched Lynne bend over. Lynne could hear them talking
about her, but she never heard what they said until she heard a woman's voice
say: " She's just what I want."
Lynne was still bent over facing the wall when the bell sounded again. She stood
up slowly and looked around, the couple who had been looking at her were gone.
Lynne was lying on the bed thinking about all that had happened, her husband,
the Blonde Woman; so much had happened. The door swung open and John walked into
the room. " Don't go out in your Window anymore. We've found a buyer for you.
But they want you delivered."
" Yes Sir."
" Get up and take the robe off. I fuck all the merchandise here."
" Yes Sir." She stood up, dropped the robe on the floor and then knelt in front
of John and undid his zipper.
" Do your stuff slut."
He was a big man, tall and solid, and he had a very big cock when it was soft;
Lynne wondered how big it would be when she got him hard; it just kept getting
bigger the longer she sucked on it; not particularly thick, but it was so long.
She had both hands around it and it still filled her mouth.
He bent her over the bed and fucked her from behind. Then she felt it against
her arse hole. " Oh Shit." She panted. He was too big for that, but she couldn't
say anything, it was up to him what he did with her. She groaned loudly as he
slid his cock up her arse. " Oh God." She groaned again as she felt it slide
deeper inside her; but he fucked her gently, he didn't want to damage the
merchandise.
When he was ready he had her lie on the bed and he straddled her and put his
cock between her tits. Lynne pushed her tits tightly together and he fucked her
like that with the tip of his cock jabbing at her mouth with every thrust.
She opened her mouth when he came and caught most of it in her mouth and
hungrily swallowed it down. When he was finished he got off her and told her to
have a shower and clean herself up. His son would be home from school soon and
he might want to fuck her too.
Lynne was lying on the bed, her hair still damp when the door opened and John
walked in with a boy probably no more than 14 or 15 years old.
" Show me what you got slut." The boy said in a boys voice.
" Yes Sir." Lynne said nervously as she stood up and took off her robe. " He's
so young." Lynne kept saying to herself. " He's so fucking young."
" She's too old." The boy said disinterestedly. " She's a fucking Granny. Can I
go round to Phil's place dad ?"
" Yeah sure." John said as he shot Lynne an angry glare.
She sat on her bed and waited. She wasn't sure what would happen next or when,
all she could do was wait. When Greg came into her room Lynne didn't know she
had been waiting for just over 15 hours.
She had curled up on the bed and drifted off to sleep a couple of times, but she
found she didn't need a lot of sleep these days. It was while she was curled up
on the bed with her eyes closed that Lynne realised she hadn't seen the people
who had bought her. She'd been so lost in her thoughts about her husband that by
the time reality returned they'd gone. She had a vague memory of both a male and
a female voice talking about her or to her, but she wasn't sure now.
She had no idea who had bought her or what they looked like or what they were
going to do with her. She felt uneasy, not terrified, but concerned, worried.
She found it difficult to sleep.
Greg led Lynne down the hallway and outside into a brisk spring morning. She was
naked, and the cool air made her nipples stand erect. Greg opened the door of a
sign written delivery van and strapped Lynne to the wall. There was an antique
roll-top desk strapped to the wall opposite her. Lynne wasn't the only piece of
merchandise being delivered today.
Another man, a much younger man, in the same grey over-alls as Greg got in the
front of the van on the drivers side. " What have we got today Greg ?"
" One desk and one slut." Greg said jumping into the passengers seat.  The
younger man turned around and looked at Lynne and the desk strapped to the walls
in the back of the van." I like the desk, don't go much on the slut though."
" The desk hasn't been used as much." Greg said and they both laughed.
" How much did they pay for the slut ?" The younger man asked as he started the
van and put it into gear.
" Don't know." Greg answered looking back at Lynne again. " But it would have to
be less than they paid for desk."
Lynne just stared at the floor. She enjoyed being humiliated, but not like this.
" How much did they pay for me ?" Lynne wondered to herself. Someone had
actually bought her; paid money for her; owned her; she had new owners.
Lynne found herself caught up in a mixture of emotions. It was all so bizarre.
It felt so strange. But above everything, knowing someone had bought her and now
owned her aroused Lynne in ways she had never been aroused before.
She didn't understand herself anymore, but she didn't care anymore.  She looked
out the back window of the van and saw the city skyline fading in the distance.
They were headed South. She wondered if people could see in but doubted it. The
windows were tinted, they probably wanted her to feel like people could see her,
but she knew they couldn't. No one looked at her or honked their horns or yelled
things at her as they drove past. Not like they did when she was in the back of
the car with Paula.
Lynne watched as the traffic thinned and the van sped up, they were on a tollway
or freeway. An hour passed or maybe two, perhaps it was even longer;
Lynne really had no idea of time anymore.
She felt the van turn off onto an exit and slow down, there were fly-overs; a
sign that said something about Bowral, and then they were on an old road, rough
with potholes and it was narrow. She watched the little white lines snake off
into the distance as the van drove on. Then it stopped, and turned left up a
long winding driveway that weaved it's way through a forest of gum trees. Then
the trees began to fade into the distance.
The van stopped. Greg and the younger man got out and the door at the side slid
open. They paid little if any attention to Lynne as they put thick straps around
their shoulders and very gently lifted the antique roll-top desk out of the van.
She could see a large garden area with manicured lawns and shrubs. Greg and the
younger man returned; untied her and dragged her from the van. They didn't treat
her with the care they treated the roll-top desk. They were under a portico in
front of a huge old two story house.
They stood each side of her; each holding an arm tighter than they needed to and
took her into the house. High ornate ceilings, expensive antique furniture, a
woman in a maids uniform was vacuuming a boldly colourful Persian rug. The woman
didn't look at her. It was as if she didn't even see her as she was led naked no
more than three feet in front of her.
Then she was dumped on a rug. The warmth from an ornate fire place behind her
felt good on her skin. The roll-top desk in a corner, an antique settee in front
of her.
" See ya slut." Greg said without looking at her.
" I bet they send her back for a refund." The younger man said as they walked
away laughing quietly. Lynne sat crouched on the floor waiting, wondering what
would happen next.
" In here Peter". She heard a woman's voice say.
" What do you think Kate ? You still like her ?"  A couple in their late 20s sat
on the settee in front of her.
" Yes. She's just what I wanted."
Peter was a very average looking man, well dressed, and not unattractive. Kate
was a large woman; not grossly overweight but too overweight. She had short
blonde hair and a reasonably pretty face. She could have looked really
attractive if she tried. The jeans and top she wore didn't suit her figure at
all.  The man looked at Lynne.
" Get up." She quickly got to her feet and stood in front of them. " We've
bought you primarily for my wife's use. Your main role here is to attend to her
needs. I will from time to time have other uses for you as well." He paused for
a moment. Lynne didn't know if she was expected to say something or not. " Do
you enjoy pain Lynne ?"
" Yes Master." She tried to answer with conviction, but her voice was nervous,
unconvincing.
" Good. But I promise you that you won't enjoy the pain you will receive if you
disobey either of us. We've had a number of women like you. We expect complete
obedience. I have no tolerance for women like you who don't do as their told."
He kissed Kate on the cheek and stood up. " We'll have some fun with her
tonight. I should be back about 5.00."
" Okay sweetheart. I'm sure Lynne will keep me entertained while you're gone.
But try and get home earlier."
The room was silent except for the ticking of an antique  clock on the mantle
piece. Kate just sat on the settee looking at Lynne. The clock seemed to get
louder the longer Kate just sat there looking at her.
Lynne didn't know whether to look at Kate, or at the floor, and the clock just
kept getting louder as Kate just sat there looking at her. A log on the fire
suddenly fell and Lynne spun around in fright.
" Edgy little thing aren't you. Come with me." Lynne turned her eyes back from
the fireplace.
" Yes Mistress." Kate glared at her. " Here, you don't speak unless you're told
to. I don't expect to have to tell you that again."
Lynne followed her out of the room. She kept a few paces behind Kate; her eyes
on the floor, her head bowed.
The house was huge, rooms, hallways, doors everywhere. Kate took a brass key
from the pocket of her jeans and unlocked a door at the end of a long hallway. 
She flicked a light switch on and walked down a steep spiral staircase.
At the bottom of the stares was a cold, dank and dingy space. It was dark,
almost black. The light at the top of the staircase added to the eerie feel of
the place they were in.
Kate disappeared into the darkness from the faint pool of light they were
standing in at the bottom of the stairs. Lynne heard a noise and bright lights
came on from high above her. They were in a basement that had been remodelled to
replicate a medieval dungeon.
Stone block walls with thick unlit Candles and Torch lights. Large round metal
wheels filled with thick unlit Candles hung from the ceiling. A prison cell with
heavy steel bars in one corner. Chains and shackles and devices of torture
around the room. Racks and Stocks and Whipping posts.
There were other apparatus in the large space, Lynne didn't want to know what
they were or how they were used; she guessed she'd find out.
Kate let Lynne take in what she saw; let her think about what they would do to
her in here; let her fear what they would do to her in here. She watched the
expression on Lynne's face as she looked around the room. Then Kate walked
toward an Arch shaped door behind the Spiral staircase. Lynne followed meekly
and silently behind her.
The place on the other side of the door was far less intimidating. A large open
space, lit with a bare light bulb hanging from the ceiling. An old furnace in
one corner, a modern Air Conditioning unit in the other. An old and dirty toilet
and shower that had been added long after the house was built was in another
corner, and a small bed in the corner opposite.
Everything was in the corners and against the walls. The middle of the room was
bare, empty; except for a spiral staircase.  They were in a simple servants
quarters from an era long past: now it was Lynne's home.
" Here you will always wear the clothes of a servant girl; unless we wish
otherwise. Clean yourself up, get dressed and wait for Jenny in the Solarium."
With that Kate disappeared up the spiral staircase.
Lynne looked around nervously. She found towels, toiletries, lingerie and
cosmetics in an old dresser behind the furnace; and old fashioned maids uniforms
in a wardrobe beside the dresser.
Lynne showered quickly, the water was barely lukewarm, and she dressed how she
thought Kate wanted her to dress. Black stockings, garter, G-string panties, and
black high heeled shoes. Everything fit her perfectly.
The French Maid style uniform was similar to what Cherie and Kelly had worn at
the Blonde Woman's house. The dress was very short, and the neckline  a very low
cut 'U' shape. There were no bra's among the lingerie.
Lynne looked at herself in an old, full length cracked and blackened mirror on
the inside of a door on the wardrobe. She could see the tops of her stockings
and the clasps that attached them to her garter. She brushed her hair back and
the movement of her arms lifted the hem of her skirt enough to show the crotch
of her black panties. The hem lifted again as she fixed the white headpiece to
her hair, and again, as she tied the little white apron around her waist.
Lynne looked at herself in the mirror, turned to one side and then the other,
lent over slightly and played with the hem of her dress. She looked so slutty. 
Her tits threatened to fall out of her dress everytime she lent forward; her hem
was so short you could see the crack of her arse from behind and the crotch of
her panties from the front whenever she moved. She looked so incredibly slutty
and cheap. Lynne thought she looked like a maid in a porno movie; about to get
"Gang Banged" in the Solarium by her masters football team.
Lynne cursed herself when she saw the damp patch on her crotch. She thought
about changing her panties but knew there was no point.
" They bought you because you're a slut." Lynne said to herself in the Mirror. 
" And slut's like you are always wet. Slut's like you always have wet cunts and
wet panties. They got what they paid for."
Lynne could have rubbed herself between the legs and cum like that in front of
the mirror. She loved the medieval dungeon, loved the servants quarters where
they would keep her; loved being dressed like this. She suddenly saw the look in
her eyes and knew she was losing control of herself. "Settle down slut." She
said smiling at herself in the mirror.
She quickly put on some make-up, hoping that Kate wanted her to, but not really
knowing if she did. There was nail polish among the cosmetics  that had been
left there for her. Lynne didn't know whether to put it on or not. She didn't
really know what Kate wanted her to do. She didn't know how long she had, or who
Jenny was, or where the Solarium was.
Lynne's hands with her finger nails painted a bright red were shaking as she
ascended the spiral staircase. There was a landing at the top of the stairs with
a heavy timber door straight ahead of her. Her palms were sweaty as she reached
out and turned the porcelain handle.
The door opened into a storeroom, a bright fluorescent light in the middle of
the ceiling. The room was full of cleaning equipment: Mops, brooms, buckets,
bottles and cans of cleaning products. There was another door straight ahead.
The second door creaked open onto a large anteroom with a chandelier hanging in
the middle from the high ceiling.
A woman in a plain black uniform and black stockings was on her hands and knees
polishing the white marble floor. Lynne crept out through the door, her eyes
wide, nervous and excited. She spun around when the door banged behind her. The
door was underneath a sweeping staircase that arched around behind her and above
her.
Lynne found the imposing grandeur of the house intimidating. She'd never seen
anything like it before. The sheer size of the place, it's opulence, the blatant
display of affluence of those who owned it; of those who owned her.
The sound of Lynne's heels on the marble floor echoed around the room as she
nervously approached the woman polishing the floor. " Excuse me." Lynne said
timidly. The woman ignored her. " Excuse me." She said again, but it was as if
she wasn't there. The servant woman just continued with her work.
Lynne backed away slowly, confused; why did the woman ignore her ? She wandered
through the house, into a sitting room. There was a large framed wedding photo
above a fireplace. She recognised Peter straight away but had to look twice at
the woman in the photo.
She was slim, with long blonde hair. She looked radiant; a stunningly attractive
woman. It was Kate. The photo would only have been a few years old. "Why did she
cut off her beautiful hair ?" Lynne wondered to herself. There were other
photo's on the mantle piece. Each showed a slim attractive woman with long
blonde hair. One was of Kate on a beach, she was in a bikini. She had a great
figure: Long tanned legs, the hour-glass shape women dream of; a small tight
arse; large firm breasts. How did she put on so much weight ? Why did she let
herself go like that ?
Lynne was growing more apprehensive as she wandered down a long hallway, with
doors running off either side, she went back the way she came and then stopped
and looked back down the hallway again. Her hands fidgeted  and she bit her lip
nervously. She didn't know whether to open one of the doors or not.
She took a deep breath and opened a door. She was in a kitchen. A woman in a
plain black uniform was standing behind a bench basting a leg of lamb, she
didn't look up. " Excuse me....."  The woman didn't acknowledge her.  Lynne was
becoming increasingly anxious; perhaps she wasn't meant to speak to the
servants. " Lost are we ?" A voice said from behind her and Lynne spun around.
" You were suppose to meet me in the Solarium." Jenny was a plain looking woman
with long reddish hair. She wore the same plain black dress, black stockings and
low heeled black shoes as the others.
Lynne followed her through another door, past the anteroom, down a hall and into
a large glassed-in area that looked out over a swimming pool, tennis court and
lush pastures in the distance. The Solarium was paved and filled with plants and
flowers in pots on the ground and hanging from the ceiling and in garden beds of
various shapes and sizes.
" Madam has told me I have to speak with you this one time; but it will only be
this one time and I intend to get it over with as quickly as possible." Jenny's
voice was filled with contempt.
" There are a lot of weird things go on in this house, but we're paid good and
aren't expected to put up with any weird shit ourselves. That's your department.
There's other people that work here, you saw Ruth in the anteroom and Dale in
the kitchen. There are others; chamber maids, gardeners; all women; but all
'normal' women."
" I've worked here for three years and I get paid ten times what I could make
anywhere else scrubbing floors and doing washing. I need this job, so I put up
with the likes of you; but you don't exist as far as the servants are concerned. 
We do our jobs and go home to our husbands and children. We're normal.
You're......."
Jenny couldn't think of a word to describe what she thought of Lynne. " Don't
judge me you fucking bitch." Lynne said to herself. But she said nothing to
Jenny.
She showed Lynne through the house. Speaking down to her in a spiteful tone the
whole time; looking at her with disgust in her eyes the whole time.
" This is the main Sitting room, but you spend most of your time on your back,
don't you ?"  She spat her words at Lynne. A look of utter abhorrence  on her
face. " Look at you, you make me sick."
" I'll take it from here Jenny." Kate said as she walked into the room.
" Thank you Madam."
" And you won't have to talk to IT again. It doesn't exist as far as you're
concerned."
" Thank you Madam." She gave Lynne one more spiteful glare before she left her
alone with Kate.
" Don't you look nice like that." Kate said running her eyes over Lynne." You
look so slutty, so cheap. I'll have Jenny take the hem of your dresses up; I
want to be able to see the crotch of your panties. The hem is just an inch too
low."
She lifted the front of Lynne's dress. " You've stained your panties already. 
You're such a dirty little slut, with such a dirty little cunt." Kate lifted her
dress higher staring at her wet panties.
"It might be better if you don't wear any panties at all.....But then you'll
only leak all over the floor." Kate paused for a moment as if in deep thought. 
" Maybe you should wear a Tampon at all times; to soak up all that cunt juice of
yours..........Yes. And you could leave the string hanging down between your
legs............I like the sound of that."
Kate dropped the front of her dress and circled her, looking at her, then she
lifted the back of her dress. Lynne heard a soft knock on the door behind her.
" Excuse me Madam."
" What is it Jenny?" Kate lifted the back of Lynne's dress higher.
" I'm sorry to disturb you Madam, Sir is home and asks that you meet him for
drinks in the Parlour." She spoke softly and politely, no hint in her voice of
being surprised or shocked at the way Kate was examining Lynne." He also asks
that you bring IT with you."
" You don't understand. Do you little slut ?" Lynne's Mistress said after Jenny
had gone. " You don't understand why we have 'normal' servants like Jenny.  Why
we let them see you, see what we do with you. I'll let you try and figure it
out." Kate laughed and turned around. " Come with me slut."
Lynne followed Kate into the Parlour. Four matching antique couches formed a
square around a large coffee table, about five feet square, made of heavy timber
and stained a dark reddish colour. It stood about two feet off the floor.  Peter
was sitting on one of the couches, a glass of Sherry in his hand. He stood and
kissed Kate softly on her cheek, and they sat together on the couch.
" Well, what do you think ?" Peter looked at Lynne. His eyes starting at her
feet and running slowly up her legs, lingering on her crotch, then up to her
tits that were almost falling out of her dress, and then to her face.
" Cheap. Slutty. Just what you wanted."
" She is. Exactly what I wanted. She's so much sluttier than any of the others."
" You're like a little girl with a new toy."
" And Look at this." Kate said excitedly. " Show him what you've done to your
new panties." Lynne lifted the front of her skirt and spread her legs a little.
The damp patch was darker now, and had spread further across her crotch.
" She's got slut written all over her. I told you that when we first saw her."
" I was thinking of having her use a Tampon. To soak all that up. She's such a
horny little thing. She's probably dripping like this all the time. And she
could leave the string hanging down between her legs so we'd know she wasn't
going to leave a trail wherever she went."
" It would have to be extra absorbent." Peter smiled." But it's worth trying. We
can't have her walking around like that all the time."
Kate rang a bell on the coffee table in front of them. Jenny seemed to appear
from nowhere. " Yes Madam."
" Get IT a Tampon."
" Certainly Madam." Jenny excused herself and quickly returned.
" Just put it on the table."
" Yes Madam." Lynne looked at the Tampon with a mixture of emotions. This was an
immensely humiliating thing they were doing to her; but her panties were soaked
now. Kate told her to take her panties off and put the Tampon in.
Lynne reached up under her skirt, pulled her panties down and stepped out of
them. She held them in her hand, looking around nervously: " What do I do with
them now ?" Peter and Kate were watching her. They both liked cheap sluts; dirty
sluts. Lynne screwed her panties into a ball and put them in her mouth.
" I told you she's a dirty slut." Kate said, with more than just a hint of
simmering lust in her voice. Her panties were just as wet as Lynne's.
They watched Lynne put the Tampon inside herself and then had her stand on an
embroidered linen place-mat in the middle of the coffee table, the string from
the Tampon hanging down between her legs.
" Excuse me Sir, Madam." Jenny didn't look at the new ornament on the coffee
table. " You have visitors."
Three couples in their late 20s walked in behind her. There was a murmur of
voices as they exchanged greetings. Then everybody's attention turned to Lynne.
" She's a slutty looking thing."
" Tacky."
" Cheap."
" She's got a bald pussy."
" What's that hanging out of her ?"
" She's a horny looking bitch."
" She's a bit old."
" Whose panties has she got in her mouth ?"
" I like her."
" I don't."

Lynne couldn't keep up with all the things being said about her. Everyone spoke
at once.
They sat on the couches around her. Jenny served them drinks while they looked
at Lynne and discussed her. Lynne could feel her lips swelling, her clit
throbbing, her juices flowing, the Tampon inside her. A sudden surge of pleasure
ran from between her legs and she moaned softly. Everybody stopped talking and
looked at her; and then laughed at her.
One of the women leaned forward and pulled lightly on the string hanging between
her legs. Lynne moaned again, much louder this time.  Then someone else tugged
on the string, and then another. It soon became a game; they were taking it in
turns pulling on the string. Lynne's body responded each time.
" For Christ sake don't pull it out of her." One of the men said.
Lynne was grunting loudly now; there were hands grabbing at the string hanging
between her legs; they were all saying  disgusting things about her. It was all
so degrading, so humiliating, Lynne loved it. She spread her legs further apart;
her hips were thrusting towards the hands reaching between her legs; she was no
longer in control of herself.
Lynne's face reflected the desperation building inside her. She wanted to cum,
needed to cum, but somehow managed to stop herself. Kate stood in front of her,
and slowly, deliberately tugged gently on the string hanging down between her
legs.
" You're such a dirty little slut. You could cum with us just pulling on this
little string, couldn't you slut ?" The room was silent now as everybody sat and
watched Kate playing with her new toy. " Get yourself off. We want to see what a
slut like you looks like when she cums. And take your filthy panties out of your
mouth. We want to hear what a slut like you sounds like when she cums."
Lynne knew her Mistress was playing with her, toying with her. She knew her
Mistress would let her rub herself until she was ready to cum, and then make her
stop. They all loved tormenting their slaves like that.
Lynne pulled her panties out of her mouth. The people around her groaned and
recoiled in disgust at the sight of the dirty slut's panties. Lynne looked at
the faces looking at her as she reached up under her dress and rubbed herself
furiously.
Her orgasm quickly gathered momentum, swelling her inside her until it was
inevitable; unstoppable.
" Tell me when you want to cum slut."
" I want to cum now please Mistress."
" Then stop..........wasting our time and cum."
Lynne could barely hold it back when her Mistress said stop and then paused. 
When Lynne heard her say to cum, her orgasm erupted inside her. She threw her
head back and screamed out. " I'm cumming Mistress.....I'm cumming.."
" Shut up and cum."
Lynne never heard what they said about the noises she made when she came.  When
she was finally aware of what was going on around her she was on her knees on
the coffee table, her legs had given way but she hadn't even noticed.  She was
still rubbing herself and moaning loudly when she saw everybody standing up.
They'd seen what they'd wanted to see. By the time Lynne was in control of
herself again everybody except her Mistress and Master had gone.
" Get up you stupid slut." Her Mistress snapped at her. Lynne felt light-headed
almost giddy as she dragged herself up to her feet again. " Now make yourself
cum again."
Lynne was panting loudly, still breathless from the orgasm that had only just
let go off her. " Yes Mistress." Lynne reached down and started rubbing herself
again. In the past she could never have cum again straight away. But everything
was different now.
It took her a while to work herself up to it again. And she could tell her
Master and Mistress were growing impatient with her. She rubbed herself faster,
she knew she could get herself off for them again if they gave her time.
" Come with us you useless slut."
Lynne followed them down the spiral staircase to the dungeon. It looked an even
more ominous place this time. The candle on the walls and hanging from the
ceiling lit the room; casting shadows in all directions, and leaving other
patches in darkness. There was the sound of water dripping somewhere; and she
thought she heard something scurry across the floor.
Lynne felt herself go pale. " They're going to punish me for taking too long to
get myself off again." A chill of excitement ran through her." Get up on there."
Kate said pointing to a rack, with chains on each end and a ratchet and handle
at the foot of the wooden device.
Lynne eased herself up onto it and lay on her back. She gasped when she saw a
reflection of herself in a mirror above her. " They're going to make me watch
while they punish me."
" Use this." Kate said as she dropped a vibrator beside her. Lynne didn't
understand. They still wanted her to get herself off again. She grabbed the
vibrator and turned it on high. It was a thick white hard plastic, about eight
inches long and two or three inches round. It slid easily up inside her.
She could hear Peter and Kate over at the other side of the dungeon as she
fucked herself with the vibrator. They weren't even watching her get herself
off.  When she was close Lynne pulled the vibrator out and pushed it hard
against her clit. She came like that, alone on the wrack, staring at herself in
the mirror above her. She watched the expressions on her face, listened to the
noises she made when she came. But she was the only one watching or listening.
" Are you finished slut?"
" Yes Mistress."
Suddenly Peter grabbed her and dragged her over to an angled wooden bench.  He
stretched her arms out in front of her and shackled her with heavy chains around
her wrists. Then she felt him pulling her legs apart, wide apart. She felt the
cold steel of a cuff wrap around her ankles.
Then she felt herself being lifted off the floor, and the bench tilted forward. 
Peter was positioning her exactly where he wanted her. Kate was beside her
holding a long curved knife, then she was behind her. Lynne couldn't see her but
she felt the cold blade of the knife against her thighs; then heard the sound as
her dress was slit up the back and peeled off her.
She couldn't see either of them now, but she felt the sting of leather across
her back. " Give her a taste." She heard Peter say. Then she saw Kate standing
beside her holding a Cat of Nine Tails. She was running the leather fingers
through her hands; her face flushed with excitement and anticipation.
" We didn't let you get yourself off for your own pleasure little slut." She
said in a low spiteful voice. " We wanted to make sure you didn't enjoy what
we're going to do to you now. This is for Peter's enjoyment not yours."
" Make the slut scream." She heard Peter say from behind her. And Kate did just
that. She flogged Lynne brutally, each blow seemed harder than the last.  Lynne
began to scream each time the leather fingers bit into her flesh.
" Make her scream." She heard Peter say again. Between blows from the whip she
felt Peter behind her, felt the tip of his cock against her arse, felt him shove
it up inside her in one savage thrust. After that, all she felt was the pain of
the whip.
The whipping stopped once Peter had cum inside her arse and pulled his cock out
of her. But the pain didn't stop for a long time. Lynne was lying on her bed in
the servants quarters, naked, her back streaked with red marks, her body smeared
with perspiration.
Lynne tried to find relief from the pain in sleep, she was just drifting off
when Kate appeared beside her. She was naked, her big tits sagging in front of
her.  She told Lynne to get on the floor. The cold concrete felt good on her
back. It helped soothe the pain from the whipping.
Kate stood over her, a foot either side of her head and squatted on her face.  "
Up my arse slut. Stick that whore tongue of yours up my arse." Lynne obeyed her
Mistress. Kate rubbed her clit while Lynne licked her arse hole. She came
quickly and noisily.  Chanting: " Lick my arse hole slut." Over and over as she
came.
When she was finished, Kate left Lynne on the floor and ascended the spiral
staircase; then the room went black. Lynne was alone in the dark, the pain from
the whipping and the taste of Kate's arse hole a reminder of what had happened
to her, and what she had become. >


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: CHAPTER 35. LYNNE.

She spent a restless night in her new home, with her new owners. She drifted in
and out of sleep. She had a sense of unease about her new Mistress and Master;
and her new home. She didn't understand why they had 'normal' people like Jenny
and the others around. There were a lot of things Lynne didn't understand
anymore.
She had no idea how long she'd been down there, it could have been two hours or
ten hours; it could be day or night; Lynne had no way of knowing, lying there in
the pitch blackness of the servants quarters that was now her home.
She woke suddenly and saw a pool of light at the bottom of the spiral staircase.
She thought she heard footsteps, but she wasn't sure. She had to turn her eyes
away as the room was lit up by the bulb hanging from the ceiling. She'd become a
woman who lived in the shadows: in the darkness of places where women are not
suppose to be.
Her eyes adjusted slowly and she sat up and looked around nervously. She was
still naked except for her stockings and garter. She thought the light being
turned on meant something; that something was expected of her; but she had no
idea what.
She saw a box at the bottom of the stairs, it wasn't there before, she was sure
of that. On top of the box was an envelope with 'Lynne.' written in neat flowing
handwriting across the front. She looked around the room nervously as she opened
the envelope. She felt as if she were being watched as she took a neatly typed
letter out of the envelope and read it:
" There are things I require of you that I have not yet informed you of. There
are things about me that you are not as yet aware. Peter and I can be extremely
cruel with the likes of you. Follow my instructions to my satisfaction or you
will find out just how cruel we can be."
Lynne read Kate's letter three times. She was more uncertain and concerned about
the contents of the letter the more she read it. Eventually she was able to
collect her thoughts, control her anxiety, and follow the instructions left for
her by her Mistress. She showered, changed into the clothes left for her in the
box, put on a touch of make-up, and slowly ascended the spiral staircase.
She didn't know anything about the people who had bought her. She had learnt how
cruel they could be; the red marks  on her back from the whipping last night
bore testimony to that. Her apprehension about what awaited her grew with each
step up the spiral staircase.
The Breakfast room was a large, informally furnished room bathed in the warmth
of the early morning sun. The room had a very relaxed feel to it; but Lynne was
still feeling far from relaxed as she sat at a round table with a glass top, and
six cane and timber chairs around it. Her hands fidgeted nervously until she saw
Kate walk into the room.
" How may I please you Mistress?" Kate said meekly, not letting her eyes meet
Lynne's as she stood before her in one of Lynne's French Maid's outfits. Lynne
just stared at her; she tried not to, but seeing Kate like that it was
impossible not to stare.
Lynne is 5'2" and 105 lb - 50 kilo's. Kate is 5' 6" and 176 lb - 80 kilo's. 
Lynne's size 10 Maid's uniform bulged and strained trying to contain Kate's size
16 body. The hem was up above Kate's crotch, showing a pair of Lynne's size 10
G-string panties that would have ripped apart if Kate bent over. The panties
were stretched across Kate's crotch showing a glimpse oh her thick blonde pubic
hair.
Lynne's size 12D tits barely fit in the dress Kate was now wearing; Kate's size
16D tits didn't. They spilled out through the low cut "U" neckline and drooped
down in front of her. Kate's nipples were stiff and hard, and pointed  towards
the floor.
Lynne's sheer black silk stockings only reached half way up Kate's huge thighs.
Kate hadn't been able to stretch Lynne's garter belt around her stomach, so the
stockings were held up only by the thickness of Kate's legs.  Lynne's size 6
high heeled black shoes didn't fit Kate either, she was wearing a similar pair,
size 8, but still too small. Lynne's eyes met Kate's:
" You're grotesque." Lynne said it as harshly as she could; she still wasn't
sure about the letter, about what Kate wanted from her. " You look repulsive
dressed like that you fat slut."
" I'm sorry I'm such a big fat slut Mistress." Kate's voice was soft and nervous
but with more than just a hint of excitement as well.
" Have you weighed yourself today Kate ?" Lynne said looking her up and down.
She didn't need to feign the look of disgust on her face.
" No Mistress."
" Go and get your scales."
" Yes Mistress." Lynne watched Kate bow her head slightly and then walk away.
She smiled to herself as she watched Kate's size 16 arse falling out of her size
10 panties.
Kate returned with her scales and put them on the floor beside where Lynne was
sitting and waited with her head bowed. " Get on your scales you fat whore."
Kate stepped onto the scales and the digital numbers quickly rolled through to
81 kilos. " You've put more weight on you ugly slut." Lynne scowled at her
contemptuously.
" I'm sorry Mistress.....I don't know how......That can't be right....."
" You make me sick you fat Pig." Lynne turned away.
" I'm sorry Mistress. I'll try harder, I'll lose weight, I promise; I want to
look good for you Mistress...." Lynne looked back at Kate and laughed at her.
" You're an ugly fat slut and that's all you'll ever be." Lynne left Kate
standing on the scales, looking down at the '81 Kilos' being displayed in large
green numbers.
" Get my breakfast Pig. You obviously don't need any." Kate stepped off the
scales and headed for the kitchen. " Stop where you are Pig." Lynne said
suddenly. Kate stopped with her back to her 'Mistress.'
" Can you see your feet when you look down Pig?"
" No Mistress." Kate replied politely. " All I can see are my tits hanging down
in front of me."
" You're pathetic you fat Pig. Bend over and touch your toes." Lynne and Kate
both heard the ripping sounds of Kate's panties and dress as she tried
desperately to bend over and touch the top of her shoes; she couldn't.  Lynne
left Kate like that for a while; her panties now only just holding together by
the elastic stretched around her waist. The seams in her dress had torn along
either side; and her tits hung down wobbling around as she tried to do the
impossible.
" You've got the fattest, ugliest arse I've ever seen." Lynne said in disgust. "
I feel sorry for your husband. It must be so embarrassing being seen with a fat
Pig like you. He didn't get what he thought he was getting when he married you
did he slut ? But I'm sure he has other women, attractive women, slim women, to
look after his needs. I can't imagine he could actually fuck you.  No man could
get an erection looking at you Pig."
Lynne dismissed Kate and waited for her to serve breakfast. So far what Kate had
written in the letter was exactly how things would be from now on. The huge
house was silent. Peter had flown out to Jakata on business, and would be away
for a week. The servants had been given the week off with pay.
Kate would be Lynne's slave whenever Peter was away; and their slave when he was
home.  Lynne wondered whether Peter knew of all this, but quickly realised it
was not her place to question such things.
Kate had said in her letter that they would NEVER discuss these arrangements and
the two roles would never cross over. Lynne would never be punished for anything
she did to Kate whilst she was her Mistress; but she would be punished severely
for things she didn't do. Kate expected Lynne to be a cruel, spiteful Mistress,
and Lynne intended to give  Kate exactly what she wanted.
Lynne caught a glimpse of herself in the glass doors of a China cabinet. She was
the Mistress. Waiting to be served breakfast. She wore an expensive cream dress
with a modest hem and neckline. The jewellery around her  neck and on her arms
and fingers and hanging from her ears would easily  have been worth more than
the house she used to live in with the man she used to be married to.
Kate caught a glimpse of herself in the glass doors of the kitchen cupboards. 
She touched herself between her legs and felt how wet she was. Lynne was doing
everything required of her. She would be a good Mistress. None of the others had
been able to treat Kate the way she wanted to be treated, but she knew now that
Lynne could.
Kate was friends with the woman who had broken Lynne in and trained her.  The
Blonde Woman had recommended she take a look at Lynne, that she would be ideal
for Kate; for her particular requirements.
Kate had been a slim, attractive woman when she married Peter. She'd had strange
fetishes and fantasies for as long as she could remember; but Peter understood
in a way no other man ever had. He was already a member of The Society when they
met, and Kate's introduction to their world was the only thing that saved her
from the streets of the Cross.
Peter and Kate loved each other completely, passionately; and were able to give
each other everything the other wanted, both physically and emotionally.  Kate
didn't have the courage to give herself to someone as a slave, she admired women
like Lynne who could; but her fetish meant no  one would want her anyway. No one
would want a fat slut like her as their slave.
She'd cut her hair and ate and drank until the weight piled on her. She only
wished she was fatter, uglier. She was still quite pretty despite her weight,
but she did everything she could to look as fat and unattractive as she could.
Lynne watched Kate approach carrying a silver tray; she had to hold it out in
front of her so as her sagging swaying tits didn't knock over what was on it. 
She put the tray on a hutch beside the table and served Lynne orange juice in a
sparkling cut-crystal glass, and then stood submissively to one side.
Lynne sniffed the juice suspiciously, as if it were laced with poison, and in a
sudden rage she threw the juice in Kate's face. " You useless slut." She yelled
at her. " This is bottled. You served me bottled juice." Lynne said spitefully.
" I'm sorry Mistress. I'll be......"
" You'll be punished for your laziness Pig." Kate just stood there, her face
covered in orange juice which ran down onto her tits and dripped onto the floor.
" Can you pour my coffee without spilling it Pig ?"
" Yes Mistress." Kate poured the coffee from a silver pot and stood aside again.
Lynne lifted the cup slowly to her mouth. " It's too hot you fat Pig."
" I'm sorry Mistress. I'll........"
" Come here and lean over the table Pig." Kate stood against the edge of the
table and leant over. Her big tits swayed over the top of the table; her nipples
were hard, swollen from the excitement that ran through her body. Lynne grabbed
her left tit and squeezed it tightly; then held her cup of coffee under Kate's
stiff nipple. " The coffee is too hot you useless slut." She said as she dipped
Kate's long pink nipple into the hot coffee. Kate grunted loudly as  the pain
shot through her body.
" I'm sorry Mistress." She panted. Lynne dipped her nipple in the cup again, and
held it in there longer this time.
" You're a useless fat Pig. Aren't you Kate ?"
" Yes Mistress. I'm a useless fat Pig." She screamed as she felt the pain again.
" I'm a useless fat Pig. A worthless fat slut." She screamed again.
" I'm sorry I'm such a useless fat Pig Mistress."
" Not as sorry as you will be Pig. Have you learnt to make toast yet ? Or is
that too complicated for you too." Lynne dipped Kate's nipple in the hot coffee
one more time before pushing her away in contempt. " Toast, Pig."
Kate served Lynne a platter with toast and butter and a selection of condiments.
Lynne looked at it ruefully. " What do you like on your toast Pig ?" Kate's body
flinched nervously. " My cunt juice Mistress." Lynne smiled. " Eat Pig."
Kate reached over and picked a piece of toast off the platter, pulled what was
left of her panties aside and rubbed the toast all over her wet hairy cunt.
" Show me." Kate held the toast out in her hand. It was smeared with Kate's
juices and a few strands of blonde pubic hair. Lynne watched Kate eat the toast
then had her eat another, then another; six in all. Kate's cunt was covered in
brown crumbs, her swollen clitoris poked out between her wet lips.
" You make me sick Pig." Lynne said in a disgusted tone. " I can't eat with you
in the same room as me. Get out. Go and wait for me in the dungeon."
" Yes Mistress." Kate bowed her head slightly and Lynne watched her walk away;
her fat arse and thighs wobbling as she moved.
The items mentioned in Kate's letter were waiting for Lynne in the Master
bedroom. Lynne ran her fingers over them, a chill of excitement coursing through
every part of her.
She looked at herself in a full length antique mirror. She was the Mistress now.
She looked at her red thigh-high leather boots, and then her short tight red
latex skirt; the hem afforded just a glimpse of the soft skin on her thighs
between the top of her boots and the bottom of her skirt.
Then she looked at the bright red soft leather corset that laced up at the front
cupping her breasts and pushing them up. Lynne loved the way she looked, even
more than when she was dressed as a slave. She tapped the reflection of
'Mistress Lynne' with the tip of the crop that she would soon be whipping Kate
with.
She found Kate on her knees at the door to the cell in the dungeon. She was
naked except for a spiked black collar around her neck. Her face was stained
with the dried orange juice Lynne had thrown on her; and her left nipple and
aerola were red.
" I didn't tell you to take your dress off, did I slut ?" Lynne yelled at her.
" I'm sorry Mistress I thought...."
" You're too dumb to think for yourself Pig. And what was it you thought ?  Did
you really think I wanted to see you naked you fat mole ? You're ugly enough
with clothes on. No one wants to see you naked. You're so off. You make me sick.
I wish I could get rid of you Pig. But nobody wants you. You're pathetic."
" Yes Mistress. I'm a pathetic fat Pig. Thank you for not throwing me out on my
fat slut arse Mistress. I'll be a good slave. I'll do anything you want.
I'll....."
" Shut up Pig." The dungeon went silent, except for the sound of the crop
tapping on the metal bars. Then Lynne opened the door and said:
" Get out here Pig." Kate crawled along the concrete floor to her Mistress's
feet and began licking Lynne's boots. Lynne slapped her arse hard with the crop.
" I never told you to do that Pig." She hit her again, harder this time and Kate
grunted loudly from the pain. " Crawl over there Pig."
Kate crawled across the dungeon with the crop stinging her arse with blow after
blow. Lynne tied her between two posts; there were mirrors in front and behind
her. Kate looked at herself in the mirror in front of her. Her arms stretched
high and her legs spread wide apart between the two posts she was tied to.
" What do you see in the mirror Kate ?"
" A fat Pig Mistress. A big fat ugly slut." Lynne ran the crop over her body as
she spoke. Then slapped her nipples hard.
" Do you really think anybody wants to see you naked Pig ? Do you really think
anybody wants to see you at all ?"
" No Mistress. I'm such an ugly fat Pig, I can't stand the sight of myself. I'm
sorry I got undressed Mistress. I'm sorry you have to look at me naked. I know
what a disgusting sight I make like this."
" You're too ugly to be of any use other than to perform menial tasks." Lynne
said as she circled Kate, occasionally slapping her lightly with the crop. " But
you're too fucking dumb to even make breakfast. What fucking use are you to me
Kate ? What fucking use are you to anybody ?"
" There must be something you can use me for Mistress." Kate pleaded softly.
" I could clean your toilet for you. Even a useless fat slut like me could clean
your toilet Mistress. And I'd do it with my hands, I wouldn't expect a brush or
anything Mistress. I'd....."
" You're not fit to lick my toilet seat Pig." Kate hung her head. " The orange
juice wasn't fresh, the toast was burnt, and the coffee was too hot. How many
blows of the crop do you deserve for that Pig ?"
" At least 200 Mistress." Kate said, finding it harder not to show the
excitement she was feeling. Lynne hit her 300 times with the crop. Each time
Kate had to count the blow and say: " Thank you Mistress. Whip the fat Pig again
please."
The crop had left it's mark on every part of Kate's body. Her legs, breasts,
back, arse, arms; even her face: and her body glistened with a veneer of
perspiration.
She was breathing heavily as Lynne strapped her to the bench that she had been
strapped to the night before. She positioned Kate where she wanted her and
selected a strap on dildo from a wall covered with whips and clamps and all
sorts of devices of pain and pleasure. Lynne picked the biggest strap on dildo
she could find.
" You love having things shoved up your arse, don't you Pig ?" Lynne said as she
stood in front of Kate strapping the dildo around her body.
" Oh yes Mistress." Kate's eyes lit up when she saw it; saw the size of it. She
tried to rub herself against the bench she was strapped to.
" But you have to pay men to even look at you, let alone fuck you. Don't you
Kate ?"
" Yes Mistress. But they normally give the money back when I take off my
clothes."
" But even when you find a man ugly enough and desperate enough to try, it still
doesn't happen, does it Kate?  No matter how much you pay them, men can't fuck
you up the arse, can they Kate ?" Lynne stood behind her and held the tip of the
dildo against her arse hole.
" No Mistress." Kate moaned. " Men can't fuck me up the arse."
" Why Kate ? Why can't men fuck you up the arse ?"
" Because they're cocks go soft when they see my fat arse Mistress." Kate's
voice was deep and low. The dildo was pushing against her arse hole.
" And they can't even do it in the dark. Because they can still feel how big and
fat you are. How big and fat your arse is. Men can't sustain an erection when
you're around. Can they Kate."  Lynne slid the head of the dildo into Kate's
arse.
" No Mistress." She grunted loudly as she felt it inside her. " Men's cocks are
always soft when I'm around. I'm repulsive. I'm a repulsive fat Pig....."
Lynne knew Kate was going to cum so she pulled the dildo out of her arse and
made her clean it with her tongue. " So you have to do it yourself. Don't you
Kate ? The only person who can bear the thought of getting you off is you."
" Yes Mistress." Kate panted as she licked and sucked on the dildo. " The only
way I ever get off is by getting myself off. It's the only way fat Pig's like me
ever get off."
Lynne untied Kate's left arm, she knew she was right handed; and put a large
black dildo in her hand. " Don't drop it Pig." Lynne said laughing as she headed
for the spiral staircase.
" Thank you Mistress. I won't drop it, thank you Mistress." Lynne stopped half
way up the stairs and looked down at Kate still tied face down on the inclined
bench trying to get the dildo up her arse. But Lynne had smeared it with
lubricant, it slipped from Kate's grip as she tried to push it inside herself.
She heard Kate whimper loudly. Watched her reach between her legs and hump her
hand; watched her reach back and slide a finger up her arse; watched her cum
humping the bench and fucking herself up the arse with her finger. Kate squealed
like a pig when she came.
Lynne didn't make it back to the Master bedroom. She saw a reflection of herself
in a mirror in the hallway and couldn't wait any longer. She came fucking
herself with the handle of the crop.
Lynne spent the rest of the week as Kate's Mistress. She dressed her in clothes
way to small for her and abused her and punished her the way she knew she
wanted. She made Kate shave her cunt blindfolded, the blade shaking in her hand
as she tried not to cut herself.
When Peter returned, Lynne was a slave again. She waited on Kate and Peter. 
They whipped her and tortured her and showed her off to their friends. The only
time she was allowed to cum was when Peter wanted her to feel only pain as he
fucked her up the arse while Kate whipped her.
Kate loved nothing better than to have Lynne lie on the floor while she squatted
over her and made Lynne lick her arse hole while she played with herself.
They used her to entertain their guests at parties and lent her to their
friends.  They gave her to a group of 17 men one night who took her to an old
shed on a farm where they made her do things with a German Shepherd before she
sucked each of them off. The men worked for Peter, and Lynne was part of the
'bonus' they got for securing a contract for Peter's company.
Peter played snooker with two other men most Monday nights. Lynne was the
Trophy; the winner got to take Lynne home for the night. She stood naked on a
felt dais, enclosed in glass as she watched them play; and they looked at her,
the Trophy for the better player on the night.
Each of the men had particular fetishes that had Lynne praying that Peter would
win; but he never did. Lynne could never decide which of the two men had the
most disgusting fetish; or which she'd least like to be given to. Lynne hated
Monday nights. Hated what the men made her do. But loved it that they made her
do it.
All this went on with Jenny and the other 'normal' women around the house. On
one occasion Lynne bumped into Ruth as she walked into the sitting room.  Ruth
was a slim dark haired woman with deep alluring eyes. Lynne often thought about
Ruth when she masturbated for her owners before they flogged her. And she
suspected Ruth thought about her while she masturbated too.
Lynne had seen the way Ruth looked at her. She had learnt to recognise lust in a
woman's eyes. And she saw lust in Ruth's eyes. Lynne would have loved an
encounter with Ruth. She knew that wasn't permitted. She wasn't even allowed to
talk to the servants. They referred to her as 'It', but Lynne couldn't deny the
attraction she had for Ruth.
She was wearing one of her French Maid's outfits the night her body collided
with Ruth's. Both women were startled at first. Lynne could see the look in
Ruth's eyes. It was late. Lynne was on her way to her bed in the old servants
quarters down stairs. Her Master and Mistress were in bed, in a room filled with
glowing candles, having just made love while watching Lynne lie on the floor and
fuck herself up the arse with a long black candle. The flame lit the whole time
she fucked herself with it.
Lynne hadn't cum with the candle, and it was the aroused state she was in that
made her forget what she was. Instead of hanging her head and scurrying away she
grabbed Ruth's hand and pushed it against her wet cunt.
" Don't." Ruth said looking around nervously; but she didn't pull her hand away.
And she didn't pull Lynne's hand away when Lynne reached up under her dress.
Ruth's hairy little cunt was soaked. She kept saying " No. Stop it." She was
still saying it when she started cumming.
Ruth moaned so loudly when she came Lynne felt sure someone would hear her and
catch them. Lynne was about to cum with Ruth's fingers inside her when she
suddenly pulled her hand away. With her own desires satisfied, Ruth had suddenly
become 'normal' again.
" Please." Lynne pleaded with her in a whispered voice. " You can't leave me
like this. Please Ruth." Lynne was so close, she reached under her dress and
rubbed herself. " At least watch me, watch me cum Ruth please."
Lynne couldn't believe it when Ruth kneeled in front of her and stuck her tongue
inside her cunt; Lynne couldn't believe how intense her orgasm was. Later as she
lay alone in her bed Lynne wondered how many times Ruth had climaxed on her own
thinking about doing that with her, with her own fingers buried deep inside her
hairy cunt.
It was the only time Lynne and Ruth touched each other; and they were both lucky
that they hadn't been caught. But both would run the risk of getting caught
again if the chance arose.
Jenny despised Lynne from the day she was delivered and made it obvious.
On one occasion Peter and Kate were entertaining some guests in the parlour. 
Lynne was brought in to serve drinks in her little French Maid's outfit. The hem
had been taken up and the damp patch on her panties was clearly visible.  Some
of the guests decided to play a game with Lynne. One of them called the game: "
Don't let IT cum." They tied Lynne on top of the coffee table, her panties
around her ankles, her cunt exposed, her tits hanging out of the "U' shaped top.
The object of the game was to hold a vibrator against Lynne's cunt and get her
close to cumming, but to stop before she actually came. The women were better at
the game than the men. Some of the women had her so close before they pulled the
vibrator away and passed it on to the next person that Lynne thought she would
cum even without the vibrator being held against her cunt.
A woman had been holding it, with the tip of the vibrator just a few agonising
centimetres from her clit. Lynne's hips had been bucking into the air trying to
get the vibrator where she needed it. She was almost delirious; panting and
moaning and grunting and humping the air.
The guests decided to let her cool down a bit before they continued with the
game. Jenny was serving drinks, she glared at Lynne a few times; a spiteful hate
filled glare; but she continued to smile as she served the guests.
Then Ruth walked in. She looked at Lynne, their eyes met. Lynne saw that look in
Ruth's eyes and screamed out and climaxed. No one was touching her. She thrashed
around on the coffee table grunting like a wild thing as wave after wave of
pleasure jolted her body.
The guests laughed at her. Lying there like that tied to the coffee table and
climaxing without any stimulation. They didn't understand the stimulation Lynne
felt from the look in Ruth's eyes.
Among Lynne's screams of ecstasy and the laughter of the guests looking at Lynne 
cumming on her own on the coffee table Jenny had got flustered and dropped the
tray she was holding.
When everything settled down again, when Lynne had finished grunting and
groaning and writhing around on the coffee table; when the guests had finished
laughing at her; everybody's attention turned to Jenny; on her hands and knees
on the floor picking up pieces of broken glass and wiping up the spilt drinks.
Peter was furious. He had Kate take the guests into the front sitting room and
walked over to Jenny when the guests had left the room." You stupid bitch." He
yelled at her. " What is your problem Jenny ?" Peter's tone was harsh.
" I'm sorry Sir." She looked over at Lynne. " It wasn't my fault.......I..."
" You know the arrangement here Jenny. If you are unhappy with those
arrangements, or you can't perform your work under these arrangements then I
suggest you seek employment elsewhere."
" I'm sorry Sir....please......It won't happen again....." Jenny looked up at
him as she pleaded with him. She was on her hands and knees, with Peter standing
over her.
" You have surrendered your dignity for money." Lynne thought to herself.
" How much more of yourself would you surrender for the right amount of money ? 
You whore."
Jenny saw the look on Lynne's face, and sensed what she was thinking.
" I want you to clean all the toilets in the house. Including the ones
downstairs.
Do you understand?" Peter's voice was low and angry.
" Yes Sir. Thank you Sir."
" Now !"
Jenny scurried off. " Wipe that look off your face slut." Peter said as he
turned to face her. Lynne's face was lit up in a smug grin.
" It's the only time she'll be cleaning your toilet. It's her punishment. She's
just a servant, but you're.....well you know what you are. She sells her labour,
not her body the way whores like you do. Don't ever confuse the two. Don't ever
think you're as good as her."
Peter and Kate were particularly cruel and demanding owners, but Lynne loved
every minute of her time as they're slave. She had no way of really knowing how
long she had been there other than her monthly cycle. There had been six times
when she was of no use to her Master and Mistress, so she assumed she'd been
there about six months.
For the few days of the month when she was of no use to them they left her
downstairs in the servants quarters. They wanted nothing to do with her during
that time.
It was different if Peter was away. As Lynne's slave, Kate didn't care what time
of the month it was for her Mistress. She did whatever her Mistress wanted her
to do anyway; and enjoyed doing it.
Kate was totally submissive to Lynne. There was nothing she wouldn't do for her
Mistress, and nothing she didn't enjoy doing for her. Lynne enjoyed being Kate's
Mistress even more than she enjoyed being their slave.
Peter went away regularly, at least once a month, and Kate was Lynne's slave
every minute he was away; and Lynne became a better Mistress each time.  She
hired male prostitute's to fuck Kate; but none of them could keep an erection.
She'd stand there offering them more and more money as Kate lay bent over the
bed waiting for a hired cock up her arse; but it never happened.
She paid female prostitutes to go down on Kate; but they all refused when they
saw her. They would have gone down on Kate; but saying they wouldn't was part of
the arrangements Lynne made with them.
Lynne would tie Kate's hands behind her back and sit her in a chair and make her
watch the prostitutes go down on her. She always looked at Kate when she came
with a prostitutes tongue up her cunt.
She dressed Kate in 'whore' clothes and drove her to Canberra and had her walk
the streets of Fyshwyk trying to sell herself. But with the way Lynne had
dressed her in big boots, tight shorts and a skimpy top, Kate had very few
takers. Those that did pay to fuck Kate were either very old, very young or very
drunk. And it only cost $20 to fuck Kate on the back seat of her husbands BMW.
Lynne became more aware of how the devices of torture in the dungeon worked; and
spent a lot of time torturing Kate. She loved putting Kate in the 'Stocks.' Bent
over with her arms and head locked in place, her big fat arse sticking out;
nipple and cunt clamps hanging off her.
Lynne loved taking pictures of Kate in that position and then scanning them and
posting them to Newsgroups and WEB sites on the NET. Each morning after Lynne
weighed Kate she'd make her read out the e-mails she'd received and the comments
made about her pictures.
The pictures were posted under the name of: fatarsedslut@hotmail.com and were
accompanied by pathetic messages pleading for someone, anyone in the Melbourne
area to come around and fuck Kate up her fat arse.
Lynne made sure Kate's face was clearly visible in the photo's. Sometimes she'd
offer money for a man to fuck the fat slut. The replies and e-mails Kate got
were usually cruel but occasionally funny. Kate's cunt dripped reading what
people thought about her.
Sometimes Lynne would let Kate masturbate while she read her e-mails; but she
would never let her cum reading them. Lynne would lock Kate in her cell after
she'd read the e-mails and messages and let her fuck herself up the arse with a
cucumber while she told Lynne what an ugly fat slut she was.
But Lynne would never let Kate touch her when she was her Mistress. She made
sure Kate knew that Lynne considered her unworthy of even licking her arse hole.
On two occasions Lynne did squat on Kate's face and piss on her.  But Kate
enjoyed that too much, she climaxed both times Lynne did it.
Lynne loved being Kate's Mistress, and Peter was going away more often and she
was spending more time as Kate's Mistress the longer she stayed there.  She'd
been there just over six months. Peter was away again and Lynne sent Kate out to
buy a large Rottweiller. " Only a dog is going to fuck a dog like you." Lynne
had said looking down at Kate kneeling at her feet.
" Thank you Mistress." Kate panted as she licked the dirty concrete floor of the
dungeon. She wasn't allowed to lick Lynne's boots. " No fat slut like you is
good enough to lick my boots." Lynne had told her many times. She was only ever
allowed to lick the floor in front of Lynne's boots.
Lynne looked down at the fat slut at her feet and without thinking spread her
legs and urinated on the floor and on her slave. Kate licked the floor clean. 
Lynne let her play with herself and climax doing it.
She made Kate call the Rottweiller 'Stud.' Kate's eyes were on fire when she led
the Rottweiller down the spiral staircase to the dungeon for the first time. 
But Lynne made her wait. She let the Rottweiller sleep with Kate in her cell,
and Kate was allowed to touch him. She could jerk him off and lick him clean but
she couldn't suck him off or fuck him yet. " You need to get to know a dog
before you mate with him." Lynne said to Kate as she watched her curled up on
the floor in her cell with the Rottweiller.
Lynne left Kate simmering for a few days. She knew Kate had jerked Stud off, he
hung around her like she was a bitch on heat. Which they both knew she was.
After a few days of taunting her, Lynne walked up to the cell and told Kate it
was time to mate. " Do you think Stud will be able to keep an erection when he
sees your fat arse slut ?"
" I don't know Mistress." Kate replied excitedly, she felt no sense of shame at
what she was about to do. " I hope Stud can stay hard when he sees my fat arse.
But I know how off I am Mistress. Even a dog would find it difficult to stay
hard for me."
Lynne had Kate get down on her hands and knees on the floor in the middle of the
dungeon with her arse up in the air.
" Here Stud, here boy." Kate called out.
" Shut your slut mouth." Lynne snapped at her. " He'll fuck you if he wants to.
It's up to him. You're just the bitch on heat. The fat arsed bitch on heat."
" Yes Mistress. I'm just his fat arsed bitch on heat," Kate's voice was filled
with desperation. Her face flushed with passion. She wanted this. She needed it.
The Rottweiller walked up to Kate slowly, his paws tapping on the concrete. 
Kate moaned loudly and her head slumped when she felt his hot breath on her
arse. " He like's your fat arse slut." Lynne said mockingly.  Kate moaned loudly
again when she felt his tongue between the cheeks of her arse.
" Oh God Mistress. He's going to do it. He's going to fuck me. Thank you
Mistress.....Thank you.....Oh Stud.....Fuck me........" Kate couldn't speak
anymore after that. The Rottweiller suddenly mounted her and stabbed at her
between her legs with his huge swollen cock.
The Rottweiller enjoyed fucking Kate. Lynne was even able to get him to fuck her
up the arse. Kate's orgasms were brutal. The expressions on Kate's face and the
noises she made with the big Rottweiller on top of her and inside her had been
enough for Lynne to just touch herself and cum as Kate and the Rottweiller
climaxed together.
His knot was inside her. They were locked like that for a long time. Kate asked
for permission to masturbate and climaxed again with Stud still inside her.
When the Rottweiller's knot eventually began to shrink and his cock became soft,
he pulled out of her, wandered off, and cocked his leg on the bars of her cage.
Some of his cum had dripped onto the floor. Kate hungrily licked it up.
Lynne looked down at Kate, she had finally found everything she wanted,
everything she needed. She was a slave, and a mistress. Lynne felt complete,
fulfilled in a way she had never felt before. It was like she'd come to the end
of a long journey; and she loved the way it had ended.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




LYNNE: EPILOGUE.

Lynne knew something was wrong when she walked into the Parlour.
" How may I serve you Mistress ?" She said to Kate who sat close to Peter on one
of the couches around the coffee table.
" Your little outfit doesn't leave much to the imagination, does it Lynne ?" The
Blonde Woman said from the couch opposite where her owners were sitting.
" No Miss." Lynne answered politely, her eyes darting around the room nervously.
" You're feeding her too well." The Blonde Woman said moving her eyes from Lynne
to Peter and then Kate, and then back to Lynne. " She has a tendency to fatten
up easily. Rice and water was all I fed this slut."
Lynne's anxiety grew stronger, she knew something was very wrong. She heard
footsteps behind her, and then saw Trevor with a dark skinned woman on a leash
behind him. She wore only a black silk loin cloth. Trevor stood the woman beside
Lynne, and unclipped her leash.
" This is the one I was telling you about Kate. Her name is Tamara." The Blonde
Woman said looking at Tamara and then at Kate. " Exquisite, isn't she."
" She's incredible." Kate mumbled as her eyes devoured the young woman's body.
Tamara was more than just exquisite, or incredible or beautiful. She was the
sort of woman who took your breath away the first time you saw her.  Slim, with
smooth dark skin, long shapely legs, large firm breasts,  long jet black hair;
and eyes that you found hard to look away from.
" Her body is just magnificent." The Blonde Woman said looking at Kate, who was
staring at Tamara. " Her breasts, her arse, everything about her is perfect. 
And she has the sweetest pussy you've ever seen." The Blonde Woman let her words
linger in the air for a moment. " And she has a look about her that is both
innocent and seductive; passive yet alluring; pure almost virginal, yet sexy and
slutty at the same time. She's one of the most amazing women I've ever come
across."
" I've never seen anything like her." Kate whispered; lost in the young woman's
charms.
" She's only 21, but I've been training her for the past six months to cater
specifically for your requirements Kate."
" How much do you want for her ?" Kate's voice had an almost desperate edge to
it; a lustfilled trembling whisper.
" A simple swap. Tamara for Lynne." The Blonde Woman smiled at Lynne as she
spoke. But it was a smile that gave Lynne no comfort. It was a threatening
ominous smile.
Lynne looked at Kate, she could see the look in her eyes. She knew there was no
contest this time.
                    *          *          *          *          *          *
A sense of complete dread washed over Lynne and settled in the pit of her
stomach as she sat in the back of the van. Kate hadn't even looked at her when
the Blonde Woman offered Tamara in exchange for her. It was as if she wasn't
even there, had never been there.
Suddenly the van stopped, the door slid open and Trevor dragged her out.  Lynne
had had everything she wanted, and the Blonde Woman had taken it  all away from
her. She hated the Blonde Woman with a passion she'd never felt before.
                    *          *          *          *          *          *
The sense of panic that had been threatening to engulf Lynne grew even stronger
as Trevor led her to the sitting room in the Blonde Woman's house.  She was
naked except for a spiked collar. Her hands were cuffed behind her back and her
ankles chained together.
Trevor pointed to the floor and Lynne lowered herself to her knees. Trevor
pushed her and she fell heavily onto her side. He clipped the chain on her
ankles to the chain binding her wrists behind her back, and left her there like
that on the floor, whimpering like a frightened child
The door opened behind her. She couldn't see them, but she could hear their
footsteps on the tiled floor. The sound of a womans high heels, and then the
heavy sound of a man's shoes.
The Blonde Woman and Lynne's ex-husband sat on the couch in front of her.
" Did you enjoy your time with Kate and Peter, Lynne?"
" Yes Master."
" She enjoyed being 'Mistress Lynne.' Didn't you slut ?"
" Yes Mistress."
" You don't want to be my slave again. You don't want to be anyone's slave
again. Do you Lynne ?" Lynne knew she had to face the truth.
" I want to be both, a slave and a mistress."
" You don't have that choice slut." Lynne looked at her ex-husband, hoping that
he still felt something for her, that he would do something to help her; but he
was looking at the Blonde Woman; the way he used to look at her. She hung her
head in defeat, there was nothing else to say.
                    *          *          *          *          *          *
Things happened quickly after that. Cherie took Lynne to a bedroom where she
dressed in a pair of tight black jeans, a low cut black top, and high-heeled
black shoes. Cherie gave Lynne her diary and investment portfolio, and then
escorted her to the door. Cherie shut the door without saying a word.
Lynne turned back and looked at the Blonde Woman's house one more time as she
walked away; not knowing where she was going, or what the future held for her.
                    *          *          *          *          *          *
The view from the revolving restaurant at the top of Centre Point Tower was
bleak; dark and depressing as rain lashed against the window. A couple sat
together staring out at the city below, both deep in thought.
" Thanks for meeting me. I just needed to see you, to say goodbye properly."
Lynne's voice was that of a woman whose spirit had been broken.
" What are you going to do now Lynne?" Her ex-husband said in a tone lacking in
feeling or compassion.
" I don't know." Lynne's face reflected the sense of helplessness and loneliness
that consumed her. " I can't go back to the way I was before; too much has
happened, I'm a different person now. I want...." Her voice trailed off and
there was a long silence. " I've failed you haven't I ? I can't be what you want
me to be. I'm sorry it didn't work out the way you wanted........"
They talked for a long time. For the first time Lynne found out who the man she
married really was, and what sort of a man he really was. And she loved him even
more than ever.
For a moment, she thought he felt the same. There was a look in his eye, a spark
she thought she'd seen before; but the look she recognised wasn't for her. The
Blonde Woman sat beside him and kissed him gently on the cheek. He turned his
face so as the next kiss was on his lips.
" Have you told her yet ?" The Blonde Woman said without even acknowledging
Lynne was there.
" No. I thought I'd let her see for herself."
Nothing more was said. Lynne saw her engagement ring on the Blonde Woman's
finger. She thought it had been pawned off by the men from the tyre shop who'd
defiled her wedding dress. But she'd recognise her engagement ring anywhere.
Her ex-husband had invited her to a small gathering, a celebration at the Blonde
Woman's house. Lynne knew now what they were celebrating. There was no need to
say anything more.
"They look so right together," Lynne thought to herself as she watched them walk
away, arm in arm, smiling. Enjoying just being with each other. Then Lynne
turned and looked back out the window at the depressing view of Sydney on a cold
and dark autumn afternoon.
                    *          *          *          *          *          *
Lynne tried to stay away, tried with every part of her to forget about the
Blonde Women and her ex-husband and everything that had happened. She had to
find a new life for herself; but she had to see the end of her old life for
herself first.
Perhaps there was an element of wanting to punish herself for not being what he
wanted her to be. For not being what the Blonde Woman was.
Cheri opened the door in her little French Maid's uniform; the hem was a lot
shorter than it used to be.
" Good evening Miss." Cherie said coldly, as if she didn't even know Lynne.
" They're expecting me Cherie."
" I don't think so Miss." Cherie started to close the door.
" I'm glad you came." Lynne's ex-husband said, appearing behind Cherie. She
quickly opened the door again and stood meekly to one side. Lynne followed her
ex-husband out onto the veranda where 25 or 30 people were mingling in groups,
talking and laughing. Music played softly in the background as Cherie and Kelly
served drinks and fetched ash trays and looked after the needs of the guests.
Lynne saw John, their lawyer and friend; he saw her, but he didn't acknowledge
her. David and Michelle saw her too, Lynne thought Michelle had smiled at her,
but she wasn't sure.
Lynne recognised most of the faces around her from other parties from another
time. But no one seemed to recognise her. She looked very different to the way
they had seen her in the past.
The music stopped and the guests went politely quiet as Lynne's ex-husband and
the Blonde Woman walked into the middle of the room. " You all know my ex-wife
Lynne." He said pointing at her, but not looking at her. " I think everybody in
this room has fucked her at least once." The room erupted into laughter. Lynne
wanted to run out, to run away from them and never look back.  She knew now why
she was here. This was her final humiliation.
                    *          *          *          *          *          *
When the laughter died down he continued. " My lovely ex-wife is a slut, and a
whore; and for a while there she made a very good slave. And as you all know,
for a woman to be a good Mistress, she has first, to be a good slave."
"I had everything I wanted until I met Lynne; after that she was everything I
wanted. I loved her in a way I didn't believe in; with a passion I didn't
understand."
"But I couldn't change who I am, none of us can. So I lead two lives; one as a
loving husband; one as a Master who owned and sold women as if they were rare
stamps or coins. But all the while I kept hoping that one day Lynne could join
me in the other world I lived in; the world we have made for ourselves."
" It took me four years of coaxing her and planting thoughts in her mind and
exposing her to situations that she wouldn't otherwise have been exposed to. 
Eventually, when I thought she was ready, I  led her to a cliff and pushed her
off; hoping she'd land safely in this world. Tonight, I'll find out if she did."
Lynne wasn't sure what he meant, then she saw the expression on the Blonde
Woman's face. " What's going on......?" The composure and dignity that was so
much a part of the Blonde Woman was gone. Her face had grown suddenly pale.
" Shut up slut." Lynne's ex-husband said loudly, harshly. Then he walked over to
Lynne and took her hands in his. " I'm sorry you had to go through so much to
get to where we are now; but it was the only way."
They stared into each others eyes for a moment. Like they did that day they got
married; that day was a lifetime away now; in another time; another world.
" This is my house Lynne, the slaves are mine, everything's mine; and it's all
yours too if you want it. Marry me again. Be my wife, my slave, and the Mistress
of my house."
" This isn't what was suppose to happen......"  The Blonde Woman was frantic,
confused. " You promised me, you said....."
He turned around slowly and looked at her, a cold cruel smile on his face.  "
I've been fucking with your head for four years. But you know how that works."
" You bastard !  You fucking bastard." She lifted her arm to strike him but
Trevor grabbed her from behind. She struggled hysterically for a while, then
slowly submitted till all the fight had gone out of her. A room full of people
she knew well bore witness to her humiliation.
Lynne's ex-husband reached out and slid the engagement ring off her finger.
"Get her out of here."
" Please you can't do this......please......." Her words gave way to tears as
Trevor dragged her away.
                    *          *          *          *          *          *
Lynne's new Master and husband-to-be, fucked her with a passion Lynne had never
experienced before.  They climaxed together and then he watched Lynne climax
again as Cherie licked his cum from inside her while Kelly fucked Lynne's arse
with her tongue.
The two slaves were dismissed and the Master and Mistress lay on the bed
together; enjoying the afterglow and talking for a long time.
Lynne laughed as her husband-to-be told her of the tricks and techniques he'd
used over the years to plant thoughts in her mind; to sow the seeds that had
blossomed into what they were now sharing. He didn't regard it as 'behaviour
modification.' He didn't think he'd done anything to change her; all he'd done
was help her to find out who she really was.
He led her down a path she didn't even know she was on. She smiled at him
lovingly when he told her that he would have stopped the moment he knew it was a
path she didn't want to be on. He would have given it all up for her if he'd
been forced to make a choice.
" But you kept responding." He said smiling back at her. " I think I took it too
slowly with you."
She hit him playfully with a pillow. " Well, I'm a slut, what did you expect.
You should have taken me to a brothel for our honeymoon instead of Noumea."
They looked at each other in silence for a moment. " How did you know?" Lynne
said in a soft voice. " How did you know I was ready that night of the party in
the garage? How did you know I'd take the next step with Kate ?" There were so
many questions.
" I just know you Lynne. I know you in a way that's hard to put into words. 
You're not just my partner, you're part of me. I can't really explain it." He
didn't need to, Lynne understood.
                    *          *          *          *          *          *
Cherie served them breakfast in the warmth of the autumn sun streaming in
through the windows on the veranda.
" If Lynne decides to keep you Cherie. I suggest you only ever serve her fresh
orange juice, that you don't burn the toast, and that the coffee isn't too hot."
Lynne smiled at the man she loved; Cherie looked at Lynne nervously.
" I would only ever serve you fresh juice Mistress.....I would never....."
" Shut up Cherie. You're a very appealing and attractive woman when you aren't
speaking."
" I'm sorry Mistress." Cherie stepped back with her head bowed. None of the
slaves knew what would become of them now. They had no idea the Blonde Woman was
just a slave like them. That that is all she ever was.
" She was just the bait." Lynne's husband said dismissively. The bait to lure
Lynne into the other world in which he lived; the world he wanted Lynne to join
him in." There's something about her." He said of the Blonde Woman." Women go
all weak at the knees and wet at the crotch when they're around her. Just like
you did Lynne. I've always found her rather ordinary myself. She's a good slave;
obedient, and loves pain, loves it. And she is an imaginative and cruel
Mistress, when I let her play Mistress. But she forgot that she was still just a
slave; they all do if you let them play Mistress for too long. Maybe I've just
had her for too long. Maybe I'm just bored with her."
Cherie grew increasing anxious as she heard the way her Master spoke. They were
all worried that Lynne wouldn't want them; that they would face the uncertain
future of being sold at auction. Anyone could buy them; their new owners could
have all sorts of weird fetishes. It was the fear of the unknown; and all the
slaves were terrified.
                    *          *          *          *          *          *
After breakfast Lynne and her husband-to-be walked down the stairs together
towards the cage room. It was time for Lynne to decide which of the slaves she
wanted to keep, and which she wanted to get rid of.
" The Blonde Woman." Lynne said softly. " What is her name?" Lynne stared
towards the cage room deep in thought as she heard the Blonde Woman's name for
the first time. " I don't like it. It doesn't suit her."
" Perhaps her new owners will give her a new name." Lynne's husband-to-be said
casually. " I don't really give a fuck. I've got everything I want now."
" So have I......"
                    *          *          *          *          *          *
The slaves were all on their knees at the doors to their cages in their little
black Slave Girl outfits. Red was the Blonde Woman's favourite colour. Lynne was
the Mistress now, and her slaves wore black.
Lynne walked up to the first cage on her right. Monica looked up at her with an
expression of resignation on her face. She'd been so cruel to Lynne, she knew
her fate was sealed before Lynne even spoke.
" Do you want me to keep you Monica?" Lynne loved the power she had over these
women. She felt a rush; a sense of exhilaration; feelings she couldn't describe
and had never encountered before.
" Yes please Mistress. I'll do anything to please you Mistress, anything."
Monica pleaded, but her voice betrayed her sense of hopelessness.
" Very well little whore, I will keep you for now." Monica's face lit up, her
eyes suddenly full of life.
" Thank you Mistress....Thank you....."
" Don't thank me Monica. By the time I'm finished with you, you'll wish I'd sold
you."
Lynne turned and walked to the first cage on her left. A slim, attractive woman
with shoulder length brown hair and smallish breasts stared up from the floor at
her new Mistress. Catherine Anne Thomas no longer had any air of authority about
her. She looked so frightened, so vulnerable. She was just another slave now." I
never voted for you when you were a politician either." Lynne said spitefully.
Catherine's head slumped, she thought Lynne would keep her; she had been famous
in another life; but she knew now that that didn't matter anymore.
Lynne walked across to the second cage on the right. Therese, the woman who had
been the 'Dog' was kneeling at the door to her cage. " Open her cage."
Therese crawled over and knelt at Lynne's feet, waiting to hear what fate
awaited her." I want you to assist me with the slaves Therese. I will let you
play Mistress; I know you'll never forget that you're still just a slave
yourself."
" Thank you Mistress." Therese said humbly. Her words and expression gave no
indication of the sense of relief she felt. With all these beautiful women to
have as her slaves, she was sure Lynne would get rid of her. But Therese was the
most naturally submissive of all of them. There would have been no dramatic
scenes if Lynne had chosen not to keep her. Therese would accept whatever her
Mistress decided.
Lynne walked across to the second cage on the left, working her way down the
room. " I don't want to be your slave......Mistress." Paula spat her words out. 
She was on her knees in her cage, wearing a skimpy little slave girl outfit; but
the defiance in her voice and on her face overshadowed her submissive pose.
" Just sell me so I can get away from you. I will NEVER be YOUR slave."
Lynne smiled at her. " You already are my slave. You'll do whatever I fucking
tell you to do. You have no choice you arrogant little slut."
Paula's defiance faltered for an instant, she hadn't expected Lynne to say no,
but the defiance quickly returned. " I do have a choice." She stood up and
glared at Lynne. " I beg of you to free me Mistress."
It was the code phrase that would set her free forever if she repeated it. " I
beg of you to free me Mistress." Her eyes were filled with contempt as she said
it a second time.
" Very well Paula." Lynne said smiling smugly. " Say hello to Lexy for me."
The defiance quickly disappeared from Paula's face, replaced by a look of sheer
terror as the realisation of what she'd done hit her. She would end up like
Lexy. What else was there for her; where else would she go ? Her arrogance had
got the better of her. She'd allowed the way she felt about Lynne to control
her. Feelings are a luxury a slave cannot afford.
Trevor opened the door to Paula's cage as a sense of panic washed over her.  She
threw herself onto her knees at Lynne's feet. " I'm sorry Mistress. I didn't
mean it please......You can make me regret the way I treated you.....You can
make me sorry you kept me......."
Lynne looked down at her expressionless. " Can you bark like a dog Paula ?"
Paula knew what Lynne meant. She would become 'The Dog.' The slave for the
slaves, just as Therese had been. She looked up at Lynne.
" Yes Mistress. Woof."
" Louder."
" Woof."
" Louder."
" Woof Woof."
Lynne laughed loudly. She couldn't believe how pathetic Paula looked and
sounded. The more Lynne laughed the harder Paula tried to bark like a dog.
" Go over to your cage and cock your leg on the bars, you know what else to do
Dog."
" Yes Mistress." Paula crawled over on all fours to her cage and lifted one leg. 
She squeezed her stomach muscles hard and urinated on the bars to her cage. "
See Mistress. I can be a good Dog.....see......"
Lynne looked at the warm liquid squirting from between Paula's legs. " You might
make a very good dog Paula. But you'll never really know now will you ?"
" No........Please......" Paula left a trail of urine on the concrete floor as
Trevor dragged her away.
" Get something and clean that up."
" Yes Mistress." Therese bowed her head and scurried away.
Lynne walked across to the third cage on the right; Cherie's cage. " You are a
stunning woman Cherie. By far the most attractive of any of the slaves I now
own." Cherie looked up at Lynne. Her eyes filled with passion for her new
Mistress. " The problem with you Cherie is that you know it. You need to be
brought down a peg or two. Can you bark like a dog ?"
Cherie looked around nervously; she thought she was far too beautiful far too
sexy to be 'The Dog.' But she'd seen how cold, how ruthless  Lynne had been with
the others; she got down on all fours and started barking as loudly as she
could.  " Cock your leg against the cage Cherie."
" Yes Mistress." Cherie moved closer to the bars of her cage and lifted her leg. 
Lynne could see the strip of blonde hair between her legs. She watched Cherie's
stomach muscles tense and then relax, and then strain again.
" I'm sorry Mistress I can't....I just went a while ago. I...."
" If there isn't a puddle there when I've finished with the others you'll be on
your way to the auctions Cherie." Lynne turned her back on Cherie as she kept
straining to do what she knew she had to do.
Kim was in the third cage on the left. Lynne had only seen her a few times.  She
was an attractive woman, slim, late 20s, short dark hair and smooth olive skin
with large firm tits.
" Show me your cunt slut." Kim lifted her skirt and spread her lips for her new
Mistress. Lynne looked but wasn't overly impressed. " Is there any particular
reason why I should keep you Kim?"
Kim looked up at her Mistress. Her wet cunt lips slipped from her fingers. " She
couldn't think of anything to say. She would be a good slave, but they would all
say that. She would do whatever Lynne wanted her to do. But they would all say
that. She loved having things shoved up her arse. But so did all the other
women. She couldn't think of anything special about herself.
" No, I didn't think so." Lynne said as she turned and walked over to the fourth
cage on the right. The cage that used to be hers. Kristy looked up at Lynne with
a strange combination of fear and affection. Then her eyes were distracted for
an instant as she watched Kim being led away. She looked back at Lynne and she
knew; she knew that she wouldn't be the next one to be led away.
" You will be my maid, as well as my slave Kristy. You will serve me, you will
cater to my every whim. Do you understand?"
" Yes Mistress. Thank you Mistress."  Her voice was soft, but filled with passion and conviction.
The forth cage on the left was Kelly's. She was there at the start. She was
there the night of the Dinner when Lynne first fell under the spell of the
Blonde Woman; and Lynne liked Kelly from the start. She was young, slim,
attractive; and her short dark hair gave her a butch-dyke look that excited
Lynne. " I've seen more than enough of you Kelly. It's time for some new faces
in here."
" Yes Mistress." Kelly whispered, her head bowed.
" Put this on, I think you're going to need it where you're going." Kelly looked
up absent mindedly at first. She'd been through so much already. Then she saw
Trevor holding the chastity belt out for her.
" Thank you Mistress." Kelly forced herself to say as she reached out for the
chastity belt that had tormented her so much in the past, and may well torment
her again.
Debbie was in the last cage on the right. She was the woman who Lynne feared at
one stage would take her husband as hers. He had never intended to make a slave
out of Debbie. But he couldn't get rid of her once Lynne was gone. She did
whatever he told her to from the first night he fucked her.
She had gone from a frustrated house wife with a pig of a husband to a slut and
a whore and then a slave in a matter of weeks. Her conversion and submission had
been an unexpected bonus. She was quite an attractive woman, a sexy woman. Slim,
long mousy brown hair, smallish tits; and she had the look of a slut about her.
And from what Lynne's husband-to-be had said she was an extremely submissive and
obedient slave.
But her voice was an irritating high pitched whine. The Blonde Woman had banned
her from speaking and made her wear a red ball-gag at all times.  Lynne looked
down at her. Debbie hadn't experienced anything like this and the fear and
anxiety was all over her face and in her eyes.
Lynne looked at her disinterestedly. " Like I said Debbie, we need some new
faces around here, and some new voices." Debbie tried to protest, to plead her
case with her Mistress; but with the ball-gag in her mouth she could say
nothing; she could just make noises; pathetic noises.
Lynne looked at the woman on her knees in the last cage on the left. Black
suited the Blonde Woman. She was 28, with beautiful long blonde hair, and a body
that had to be seen to be appreciated. She looked so different now though. She
was just another slave.
" Bring her out here." Lynne said, and Therese quickly opened the cage door. 
Every eye in the cage room watched the Blonde Woman crawl over to Lynne and
kneel at her feet.
" Your revenge will be much sweeter if you keep me Mistress. There are so many
ways you can torture me, humiliate me, punish me. There are so many things you
can do to me Mistress. There is nothing sweeter than revenge Mistress. You could
have your revenge if you kept me as your slave."
" You're a cunning little slut, aren't you? But I was always going to keep you.
I don't need a slut like you to tell me how sweet revenge is. But revenge has
two sides; you're going to find out all about the other side.
" Thank you Mistress." The Blonde Woman said in a desperate whispered voice
filled with relief. She lowered her face to the floor in front of her Mistress's
feet.
Lynne's husband-to-be stood looking in admiration at the woman he loved. She was
exactly how he knew she would be. " You should thank your Mistress properly." He
said disdainfully. The Blonde Woman quickly started licking Lynne's feet. Her
tongue sliding over the straps of Lynne's black shoes and between her toes.
" There are so many things you can do to her Lynne. What are you going to do
with her first?" He looked down at the Blonde Woman cowering at Lynne's feet and
licking her toes.
Lynne looked at her husband-to-be, and then down at the Blonde Woman.
" I know exactly what I'm going to do with her first."
                     ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The End. >




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Just Another Bloke


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





