BDSM Library - Sehani's Story




Sehani's Story
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The girls were trained to give and obtain pleasures from being bound and helpless. They were willing to give whatever they had. Some bondage was involved.
Sehani's Story

Dino Dave
dino@canoemail.com

(ff, mf, bond, foot, long hair)

                                * * * WARNING * * *

  This story is a work of fiction intended for a mature adult audience. If you 
  are under age please do not read it. If you are easily offended by scenes of 
  sex and/or bondage please do not read it. If you wish to comment on this story 
  I'm at: dino@canoemail.com (dino dave.) Enjoy.
  
  Whew! Sorry about the length of this story but like the 
  famous bunny once I got it started it just kept going and going. If you liked 
  this story or if you didn't, drop me a line, I would like to hear from you. 
  I have some ideas on another chapter concerning Nissa, the submissive one.. 
  If you have any suggestions of where that tale might lead let me know and I 
  might use them. Unless I get swamped I will try to answer all mail.

  Thanks for reading. dino@canoemail.com (dino dave) 



Sehani's Story

  The North India Trading Company was founded in 1924 by Lord Adam Beaverton
  as a rescue mission for young girls. In many countries around the world
  less value was placed on baby girls born into the large families living in
  poverty in the slums in the cities, or in remote villages. These unwanted
  young girls were sometimes abandoned on the streets of the city, or even
  put to death at an early age. Lord Adam had been appalled at the treatment
  given to these young girls and wanted to do something to help some of them.
  He set up a mission in remote village in Northern India and made trips to
  the cities to find these abandoned girls living in the streets and slums.
  At the mission, the girls were given good food to eat, medical attention
  and most importantly an education so they could better themselves and enjoy
  a good life.

  Of course all this cost a lot of money, and after several years Lord Adam
  began to run short of funds. About that time a young man by the name of Sir
  Thomas visited his friend at the mission and was greeted by the children
  there, some of whom had grown into beautiful young girls. Sir Thomas was
  quite enamoured by one of the older girls named Nehani, and after talking
  with her for a while he began to fall madly in love with her. Before he
  left, he asked the girl if she would return with him to England to be his
  wife. Nehani quickly agreed. Lord Adam knew his friend would take good care
  of Nehani and gave the two his blessing.

  A few months after Sir Thomas and Nehani were married in England Lord Adam
  received a letter from his friend telling of how happy they were with each
  other.. Also enclosed with the letter was a generous donation for the
  mission. It was not long after that, other gentlemen acquaintances of Lord
  Adam and Sir Thomas began to visit the remote mission, some of whom also
  took a fancy to one of the beautiful girls there. Soon the mission was
  financially well off as donations started coming in from happy men who had
  found lovely and intelligent brides for themselves at the mission.

  For the girls, who had gone from poverty and death to become educated and
  respected young ladies, loved and cared for by the handsome and wealthy men
  who had made them their own, it was a dream come true. As word of the
  mission and the girls there spread, more and more girls were saved from a
  sad life of poverty and dispair and given new lives. New missions were
  started up in other countries to help the unwanted girl children there
  achieve a chance for happiness in a new life. The girls who showed a
  tendency towards having a more submissive or sensuous nature were given the
  means and the training to realise to the fullest this character trait and
  were given special attentions as they matured. These were the girls who
  were to bring the largest donations of cash into the missions.

  And so from a small mission in a remote village The North India Trading
  Company was born. Today there are twenty buildings in various countries
  around the world to rescue the unwanted girl children from the slums and
  streets of cities, and from the villages nearby. Whenever possible the
  girls receive their training in their own village by a representative of
  the company. Or, they are sent to one of the company's schools to live and
  be educated there. The money collected from the donations is often put back
  into the community to help other people. The selected girls that receive
  special training are "sold" to some of the most wealthy men in the world
  and the money helps to benefit all.

  The following story is about one of the girls.

		    *   *   *

  Sehani sat on a rock high overlooking the lush valley below. While her
  father prepared the evening meal nearby, she thought on the new life that
  awaited her when they would reach the city tomorrow. Sehani had been born to
  become a sex slave for someone who was rich enough to pay the price that
  her soon to be new owners would ask.

  The custom was firmly entrenched in the culture of the small village where
  Sehani grew up. Families could have as many sons as they wanted but girls
  were to be limited to two. All other girls that were born to a family were
  to sent away to be adopted by someone else. The North India Trading Company
  had set up a mission in Sehani's village to handle the unwanted girls from
  the area. While most were sent to other missions in the cities a select few
  were kept in the village and given their regular education there. When
  these special girls were older they were given extra lessons and later,
  when they reached their nineteenth year, taken to the city to be given to
  someone willing to pay the price set for them. Their family would be well
  paid for this sacrifice and the village would also get funds to help
  everyone.

  Sehani and her father had walked all day along the winding, dusty trail
  that led out of the densely forested and mountainous region where they
  lived. By noon tomorrow she would be on her first train ride that would
  bring them into the city. At the address on the little card her father had
  in his pocket Sehani would begin the life that she had been prepared for
  since birth.

  The female children who were destined for this life had the best that the
  village could offer them. When there was a shortage of food they were well
  fed. Their health was looked after. They were given an education along with
  the other children. They were not forced to work in the fields or around
  the home, but given a choice to do so if they wanted to.

  Sehani's father looked up from the cookpot at his lovely daughter. Her
  black hair flowed down her back and pooled in her lap. Her hair would hang
  down past her knees when standing. One of the requirements of the deal was
  the girl's could not have their hair cut. Ever. The girl's eventual master
  would decide what to do with it since long hair was prized by some people,
  commanding a better price for the girl. Some of the girls in the villages
  had hair so long it dragged on the ground unless they braided it and pinned
  it back double. Sehani's hair had settled itself out at mid thigh length
  when she was fifteen, and with careful care had lengthened to its present
  state during her final year of the training.

  She shifted slightly on the rock she was sitting on and the gleam of the
  dying sunlight off her bangles caught her father's eye. These bangles she
  wore on each wrist and ankle were the second part of the requirements set
  out by the slave traders. They shone like fine silver but their true story
  was more insidious than their gentle looks revealed. The slavers had
  supplied the village chief with a box of them, of slightly different
  diameters to accommodate the anticipated bone structure of the child. The
  ankle bangles were thicker than the ones for the wrist. They were forged
  from a special carbide steel alloy, highly polished and extremely hardened.
  A diamond tipped cutter would barely mark the mirror surface which gleamed
  with a grayish blue luster.

  At the age of five the chosen girl would attend a special fitting ceremony
  with her family and friends present. There, the chief would select her
  ankle bracelets and they would be forced over her small feet. The next few
  months would be hard on the young girl as she had to adapt to the large and
  heavy weights on her feet, but as she grew bigger and stronger the bangles
  would become less and less of a burden. Of course as her feet grew bigger
  the bangles would become impossible to remove. At the age of ten the girl
  would again attend the fitting ceremony to receive her wrist bangles. And
  so, as the girl grew into womanhood she would be forever marked as an owned
  slave by the unique jewelry she wore.

  It was only a selected few of the many girls in the missions who were
  chosen to receive the bangles. The choice was based on the girl's beauty
  and character. From the ages of four to five years the girls were all
  interviewed and tested to determine if they were suitable to go into the
  special training program. Even at that young age the teachers could spot an
  inner sensuousness or grace in a girl that would make them a candidate to
  receive the bangles.

  There were a few older women in the villages with the ankle bracelets and
  sometimes with the wrist bracelets too. They had been dropped from the
  program for one reason or another. Sometimes a girl would meet with an
  accident of some sort and her body would be scarred or crippled in some
  way. Or she may have contracted a sickness or desease which left her
  weakened. Or maybe she just was not pretty enough or could not handle the
  training phase. These girls were allowed to leave the program and live out
  their lives in their village as respected members of the community.

  Sehani rose from her seat on the rock and moved over to sit with her
  father. As he handed her dish of the supper he brushed down her arm with
  his hand. Sehani smiled at him, sitting beside him. The two ate in silence
  and watched the shadows close over the valley. When the dinner was finished
  her father unrolled the blanket on the grass and the two lay down to sleep.

  The next morning, Sehani's last as a free woman, The pair made their way
  down from the hills and reached the town before noon. There they boarded the
  train to take them to the city. Sehani's mind was on the last two years, on
  the training she and the other girls had received. The company had sent a
  representative to her village to teach the selected girls in the arts of
  being a sex slave. There were lessons in english and a few other languages,
  on geography and the politics of the countries, of course classes on dress
  and makeup, how to be a lady in public and how to be a slut in bed. Last
  year the doctor had arrived at the village, and in a quick and skilled
  manner had sterilized the older girls in the program, Sehani included, to
  prevent pregnancy. It was in the last year of the training that the girls
  were taught the finer points of love making. These lessons were focused on
  the body, of the man and the woman and how to give and receive the most
  pleasure.

  The girls were taught all that they would need to know in the art of
  lovemaking and were encouraged to experiment on themselves and each other
  to learn what techniques could be used to attain the most pleasure. From
  time to time during this phase of the training a boy would be selected from
  the village to allow the girls to practice what they had learned. Lucky
  fellow! These sex sessions were monitored by the instructor to ensure that
  no physical harm came to the girl, and also to give her instructions
  regarding acheveing the most pleasure for the man and also for herself.

  It was also in this last year of the training that the true purpose of the
  bangles the girls wore was explored. Besides the beauty and symmetry they
  gave the girls body, they served as convenient points to bind the wearer in
  many different positions. With a simple padlock or even a piece of wire or
  rope the girl could be rendered completely immobile in seconds. One lock
  through the wrist bangles in back and the girl was helpless. Another
  through the ankle bangles and she wasn't going to go far. Another lock to
  connect the first two and the girl was gift wrapped for her master's
  pleasure. The girls in the class were encouraged to try different ways of
  placing each other in bondage and to get used to being bound for long
  periods of time. During the night the girls had to lock themselves to their
  beds with a chain attached to the bed frame and through one, or more if
  they preferred, of their bangles. There was always someone to watch over
  the girls when they slept like this. This was done to reinforce in the
  girl's mind that they were dependant on another person for their safety and
  protection.

  There were physical fitness classes to keep the girls bodies trim and
  limber. There were also lessons which were not as popular, but necessary
  none the less. These lessons were on punishment and pain. The trainer would
  take one girl alone to a secluded place and tie her arms over her head to a
  tree branch. He would then whip her back and ass with a small stick, never
  hard enough to cut the skin, but enough for the girl to feel the pain.
  Afterwards the girl would be chained to her bed and allowed to rest for the
  remainder of the day. This procedure was only done two, or maybe three
  times to each girl and it was done to let her know that her eventual master
  may wish to whip her for his own pleasure, or to punish her sometimes. The
  missions put a high price on their special girls heads, partly because of
  the extensive training they received, and the men who bought their girls
  were always checked out to insure the girls would not suffer abuse. But
  pleasure and pain often do go hand in hand.

  The train ride was exciting for Sehani. Although the training had prepared
  her for the world outside her small village, she was still amazed by the
  variety of the many people she saw. There were people with skin much darker
  than those of her village and people whose hair and skin was almost white.
  Her father had been given money for the trip, and when they reached the
  city, a short taxi ride took them to the address printed on the little
  card. They went inside the big building and walked over to a woman seated
  behind a desk. When the woman looked up and saw Sehani and the bangles she
  wore, she stood and gave the two a warm smile.

  "Good afternoon, could I have your name please?" she said.

  "Sehani." Sehani replied.

  "Very good," replied the woman, checking a piece of paper from the desk,
  "Sir, If you would like to take a seat here for a few minutes I'll call you
  shortly."

  With that the woman opened a door and escorted Sehani to a small room down
  the hall. The room was painted white and there was a narrow table along one
  wall. The woman asked Sehani to sit up on the table, and then left her to
  go and get the examiner. She soon returned with an older man who she
  introduced as Doctor Martin. For the next half hour Doctor Martin gently
  poked and prodded Sehani's body. He checked her ears and teeth, her blood
  pressure, he felt up and down her arms and legs paying attention to her
  bangles, looking for scrapes or excessive rubbing on the skin underneath.
  He had her remove her clothing and he checked her breasts and her vigina.
  After he had finished the examination he pressed a button on the wall and
  then sat down to write his report. Soon a young woman entered with some new
  clothes for Sehani and helped her dress. She then led Sehani back to the
  room where her father sat waiting and told them the administrator would be
  along presently.

  Sehani sat beside her father and nervously fidgeted with the hem of her new
  dress. Soon after, a rather large man came in and told her father he was
  the head of administration for new recruits.

  "Your daughter is in fine health and a very lovely young lady." he said.
  "We are pleased to welcome her into our family. Since it is close to
  suppertime you are both welcome to dine at the restaurant down the street, at
  the firms expense of course, then return later to finish our business."

  "Thank you, that would be nice." Sehani's father said.

  They found the little restaurant on the corner of the street and went inside.
  The man at the door looked at Sehani and saw the bangles on her wrists and
  ankles. "Right this way please." he said, and led them to a nice table in a
  small courtyard in back. This area was obviously reserved for the best
  customers as the people at the other tables were wearing fine clothing and
  jewlery. Sehani and her father enjoyed a very good meal and said their
  goodbyes over the dessert. Then they walked back to the big building.

  When they entered, the woman at the desk stood and came over to them. "Are
  you ready, Sehani, to begin your new life?" she asked.

  "Yes, I am." the young girl replied.

  Sehani turned and hugged her father tightly for probably the last time.

  "Be brave, my child. You will make someone very happy." he whispered in her
  ear.

  The woman had called someone on the telephone and soon a young girl entered
  and was introduced as Dora.

  "Dora will show you to your room now." said the woman, and Sehani was led
  through a door and taken upstairs. The woman handed Sehani's father a large
  brown envelope, the payment for his daughter. The money meant he could buy
  more land and other things for rest of his family back home. He printed his
  name on some papers the woman held out to him, then thanking her, turned,
  and went out to begin the long and lonely trip back to the village.

  Sehani was taken upstairs and led into a large room with several beds, and
  other furnishings. There were five other girls there, all with the same
  bangles that she wore. Dora introduced her to the other girls in the room.
  Two of the girls spoke with a strange accent and their hair was long and
  black, but not as thick as Sehani's was. It was their eyes which she was
  amazed at since they were almost closed to just small slits. She was told
  they are from China, and although she learned about the country she had
  never actually seen anyone from there. Two other girls had long pale yellow
  hair and very light skin. Their eyes were a light blue colour and they had
  come from Sweden. The last girl Sehani remembered as someone from a village
  not far from her own.

  Dora sat Sehani at the table in the kitchen area and gave her a glass of
  cold juice from the fridge. "This is to be your home for a while," she told
  her. "We, at the company, want you to be happy during your stay here. There
  will be outings to various places in the city, movies and plays, that sort
  of thing. If you would like anything you only have to ask, and if possible,
  we can arrange it. As you know we will have potential customers come in and
  want to see you girls. You will all be taken down to the presentation room
  and you will need to be on your best behaviour during the showings. All the
  men are thoroughly checked out so that we know their true intent towards our
  girls before they are allowed into this building. This is for our safety as
  well as your own. After a showing the customer may wish a private audience
  with one of you. Again you must be quite willing to show him how well you
  have learned the lessons you have received. We also provide a service to
  gentlemen here, where they may have a date with one or sometimes two of you
  to attend a play or other function. We will provide a car and driver to
  ensure your safety. Afterwards you may be required to attend to the
  gentlemen's special requests at his house or hotel.

  "Your training has given you many ways to achieve sexual pleasure for your
  guest as well as for yourself. We would expect that you treat any men or
  women who request the company of one of you as a potential client. We
  charge a very high price for these dates if extra services are requested,
  to discourage those looking for just a quick lay. While you are here you
  are expected to maintain your sexual passions and we encourage you girls to
  enjoy each others charms. We also have males on staff who are fully aware
  of our rules and can make themselves available for your use.

  "We want you to get the most enjoyment during your time here since this
  will be your last period of freedom. After you are chosen by one of our
  customers you will then belong solely to that man. Your whole life up to
  that point has been to prepare you to manage with the total giving of
  yourself to the man who will make you his own. Many of our previous
  customers are kind and gentle men and, as I've said, the company does
  extensive background checks, but after you are given to your master it will
  be him who will decide how you are to be treated. You will have to use your
  beauty and skills to make sure he is to remain pleased with you."

  While Dora had been giving Sehani her introductory speech the other girls
  in the room had been watching the T.V. or walking around, getting snacks
  from the fridge. One of the Chinese girls had brushed her hand across
  Sehani's shoulders before sitting beside her at the table with a glass of
  milk. Dora turned to her and said "I guess my speech is finished, Soo-Ling,
  why don't you take our new arrival down to the hot tub and show her
  around."

  "I'd love to." the pretty Asian girl replied.

  The two girls stood and finished their drinks. After washing the glasses in
  the sink they headed out of the dorm room and down a circular staircase to
  the basement of the building. Along the way Soo-Ling pointed out the
  cafeteria on the first floor. "The restaurant down the street often brings
  in meals for all the staff here." she said. The pair reached the basement
  and walked along a short hall. "The laundry room. All of our clothing needs
  are taken care of by the company. Clothes are pretty much optional in the
  dorm." Sehani had indeed noticed that a couple of the girls weren't wearing
  anything at all when she had been introduced.

  At the end of the hall was a glass door with a strange blue light spilling
  into the hall from within. Soo-Ling pulled open the door and the two went
  inside. The Asian girl flipped a switch on the wall and brighter lights
  came on around the room. Along one side was a long pool of clear water and
  at the end of the room on the other side was a raised area with large
  plants around a smaller pool. As the pair made their way towards the tub
  Soo-Ling pulled her short cotton dress over her head and tossed it at a
  bench along the wall. "You have to pin up your hair when you use the hot
  tub," she said, "else it could get caught in the drain." There were some
  hair pins and clips on a table and both girls grabbed some. Sehani took off
  her dress and panties, Soo-Ling wasn't wearing underwear, And placed them
  on a bench. Soo-Ling turned a dial on the wall and the there was a faint
  hum of the pump as the water in the tub began to stir and bubble. She
  climbed the three steps and tested the water with her foot.

  Sehani watched the girl step into the tub and settle in one of the seats.
  Then she stepped into the tub to sit on the seat opposite from the Asian
  girl. The warm water came up to her shoulders and the jets on either side
  of the seat felt good. Soo-Ling stretched out her legs and brushed her feet
  along Sehani's feet and legs. The faint clinking of their bangles could be
  heard from under the water as Soo-Ling rubbed her feet along Sehani's legs.
  The two girls started to rub their feet together under the water until Soo-
  Ling stretched out farther with her legs and began to rub her feet up
  Sehani's thighs. Sehani spread her legs a little and bent one knee to give
  the girl access to her inner thighs and crotch. While Soo-Ling rubbed her
  toes along Sehani's slit and clitoris Sehani was doing the same to her new
  friend. Both girls reached down and hooked their fingers through the ankle
  bracelet of the other girl's foot to guide it to the place they wanted and
  to increase the pressure against their own pussies. The Asian girl had her
  big toe a little inside Sehani's cunt and was wriggling her other toes
  across her clit when she felt her orgasm building and soon her whole body
  shook with the power of a major cum. It wasn't too long after that Soo-Ling
  threw her head back and let out a howl as she achieved her own release.

  The pair of lovely girls relaxed by rubbing each other's feet while they
  came down from their high. The hot tub was in the corner of the room
  against the walls and there was a shelf between the side and the wall.
  Sehani asked the other girl to sit up on the shelf. Then she moved over
  until her head was between Soo-Ling's legs. With her arms around the girl's
  thighs she brought her face forward and began to run her tongue up and
  down the pretty Asian's cunt. Sehani parted the girl's lips and pushed her
  tongue inside as far as she could. Then she moved up to flick her tongue
  around and across her clit. It didn't take long before Soo-Ling's thighs
  clamped against her ears and she bent forwards over Sehani with her mouth
  opened in a silent scream.

  After a while the two girls switched positions and Soo-Ling brought Sehani
  to the very brink of orgasm with her talented mouth. She held Sehani on the
  edge for almost five full minutes until Sehani begged for release. Then with
  a few quick flicks of Soo-Ling's tongue across her clit she exploded in a
  mind blowing orgasm. Soo-Ling helped her back into the tub and held her in
  her arms, kissing her neck and breasts, until she came back to earth.

  It was much later, the pump on the tub had long since stopped, that the
  pair got out of the hot tub and took a quick swim in the big pool before
  heading back upstairs. When they reached the dorm room Dora was just
  gathering her things from the desk by the door. "I've been informed that
  there will be a showing tomorrow evening." Dora told the two girls. "A very
  wealthy man from Hong Kong will be in to look all of you over. Tomorrow is
  my day off but I will drop in to see you before the showing. Good night."
  With a wave of her hand Dora left the room. Soon after another man came in
  and sat down at the desk. Soo-Ling explained that there was someone to
  watch over us all the time, in case of an emergency or if we wanted
  anything.

  Sehani looked around and noticed that some of the other girls had put on
  the chain that bound them to their bed. She had a quick snack from the
  fridge and after finishing in the toilet she chose a bed beside Soo-
  Ling's. Her friend had looped her chain through both of her ankle bracelets
  and locked the ends to the bottom rail of the frame. Sehani picked up the
  chain from her bed and pulled the end through the headboard. Then she
  threaded the lock through the ends of the chain and through both of her
  wrist bangles before snapping it closed. With her hands locked close
  together and attached to the bed Sehani drifted off to sleep with a very
  happy and contented feeling about her first day here.

  The next morning, as the girls woke up they were unlocked from their beds
  and, after dressing, went down to the cafeteria for breakfast. Most of the
  food had been prepared by the staff there and there were some special
  treats brought in from the restaurant down the street. Sehani had an extra
  helping of the pancakes with fresh strawberries which she enjoyed very
  much. All the girls were given times to report to the beauticians
  department to prepare for the showing that evening. Sehani was told first
  to see the metal smith to have her bangles polished.

  She walked up to the top floor of the building and found his room. The
  metal smith's name was Tim and he was an older man with a slight build and
  a wide grin. He spent the next two hours cleaning and repolishing the
  bangles on Sehani's wrists and ankles. The metal that the bangles were made
  of could not be scratched but there was some staining, and a little
  corrosion on the inside surfaces which were in constant contact with the
  girl's skin. When Tim had finished her bangles gleamed like they had when
  she received them those years ago. Sehani noticed how smooth the insides
  were now and how easily they slid around on her skin. Tim gave her a hug
  and a big smile as she thanked him, then sent her on to the beautician.

  At the beauty parlour, which was just down the hall, Sehani was pampered
  like she never thought possible. First she was led to a big bathtub full of
  warm scented water. There was a padded grove in one end and a big sink
  underneath. Sehani lay down in the tub with her neck in the grove and her
  long hair hanging down. Then while one attendant scrubbed all over her body
  with a rough sponge another washed and conditioned her hair in the sink.
  When her hair was finished and pinned up on top of her head she stood up in
  the tub so the attendant could scrub her back and legs. She didn't miss an
  inch of Sehani's skin and when she was done her body tingled all over. The
  attendant then squeezed some oil on her hands and rubbed it all over
  Sehani's body.

  After her bath Sehani was seated in a chair while another attendant did her
  finger nails and toe nails. She trimmed and polished the nails and filed off
  a few rough patches of skin on her feet. Then some more oil was massaged
  into her feet which made Sehani feel great. She then was given a little
  time to rest while the oil soaked into her skin. After a while she was led
  over to the shower and was washed down with a nice smelling soap. Her hair
  was freed and washed again with a mild soap and conditioner. Then she was
  seated in a chair again while her hair was brushed and brushed until it
  shone under the fluorescent lights, and cascaded down her body, curling a
  bit at the ends.

  When Sehani's beauty treatment was finished she saw herself in the mirror.
  She literally glowed from head to toe. When one of the blond girls who was
  soaking in the tub smiled at her and told her that she looked great Sehani
  did a little twirl and thanked the attendants before she put on her dress
  and went down to the cafeteria for some lunch. After a bowl of delicious
  soup and a sandwich, she went back to the dorm room for a rest. When she
  got there she saw two new girls seated at the table, wearing the bangles
  like her own, and getting the introductory speech from Danella, the woman
  from the front desk. One of the new girls had slightly darker skin than
  Sehani. Her name was Seeta, and she was from southern India. The other
  girl, Judith, was from Australia and had light brown hair and fair skin.
  All three girls were introduced by Danella who then continued with the
  speech. After, Danella told the new girls about the customer coming in that
  evening and wanted them included in the showing. She pointed the way to the
  beauty parlour and told the two to go up and she would send them up some
  lunch. Sehani offered to show them the way and went along with them to the
  top floor.

  While the two girls made their way up the stairs in front of Sehani she
  couldn't help but notice the well muscled backside of the tall Australian
  girl, Judith. Her hair swayed from side to side as she climbed the stairs
  and Sehani could make out the firm muscles of her thighs and ass through
  the thin cotton dress she wore. The other girl had thick black hair that
  was done in a braid which fell to her knees and was pinned back up to above
  her waist. She was wearing a long cotton skirt and a short top that ended
  just under her breasts, leaving her narrow waist bare. The end loop of the
  braid was swinging back and forth with each step she took while the ends of
  the hair brushed across her bare back. Sehani also saw that the ankle
  bangles on Judith's muscular legs were almost tight on her and moved around
  only a little as she walked while those on Seeta were looser, resting more
  down on the tops of her feet. While Judith climbed the stairs with a
  purposeful stride, Seeta walked with more grace to keep her bangles from
  bouncing on her feet. Sehani remembered when she had first received her
  ankle bracelets and how they had hurt her feet and dug into the back of her
  heels before her legs grew bigger and the bangles seated around her ankle
  bone.  She wanted to ask Seeta about them but as they reached the beauty
  parlour the door opened and one of the attendants greeted the new girls.

  When Sehani turned to go back downstairs the Blond Swiss girl, Judy, came
  out of the room looking radiant, and accompanied Sehani down stairs to the
  dorm room. After getting something to drink they joined the other Swiss
  girl, Janine, on one of the couches. Soon they started holding hands, then
  touching each other and kissing. The girls began to take off their clothes
  and they moved over to a big exercise mat in the corner of the room. When
  they passed the mirror on the wall they all stopped to admire themselves
  and each others reflection in it. The two blondes contrasted Sehani's darker
  complexion beautifully. Judy then picked up three padlocks from a table
  and the girls sat on the mat facing each other. Judy attached the bangle on
  her left wrist to Sehani's right wrist. Then she did the same with her
  right to the other blond girl's left. She in turn locked her right bangle
  to Sehani's left and the three girls were then connected in an unbreakable
  circle.

  The three girls started touching and rubbing each other's luscious bodies
  with their hands and also with their feet and legs. Soon Sehani found
  herself on top of Janine with their faces in each other's pussies while
  Judy's head was between their bodies sucking on first one girl's nipples
  and then turning to do the other's. Sehani reached down to Judy's pussy,
  pulling the girls hand down with her own, and began rubbing her fingers up
  and down her moist slit. She pushed one, than two fingers up inside her hot
  cunt, stroking the girl's clit with her thumb while working her tongue
  around and inside Janine's cunt. Judy increased her sucking on Sehani's
  stiff nipple while Janine, on the top, began bucking her bush against
  Sehani's chin and pushing her tongue deep into her cunt.

  Janine and Sehani both exploded in orgasm together, drenching each other's
  faces with sweet girl cum while Judy, with her head sandwiched between four
  breasts, and two hands working furiously at her cunt (Sehani's and her own)
  screamed soon after with the power of her own release.

  While this had been going on the other girls, having finished at the
  beauticians had been drifting into the dorm, and seeing the fun the three
  were having, began to join in. The two Chinese girls had locked themselves
  together, each with their left hand to the other's left ankle and were
  laying on their sides lapping each other's pussies. Judith, Seeta and
  Nissa, the other girl from near Sehani's village, had used a long piece of
  chain and passed it through all twelve of their bangles before connecting
  the ends with a lock. It wasn't long before they had gotten themselves so
  tangled up in each other that it was hard to tell where one girl ended and
  the other started. Sehani and the two blond girls she was connected to
  stood up and walked over to the other three, stepping over the mass of
  their bodies to sit and enclose them in the circle of themselves. Soo-Ling
  and the other Asian girl rolled themselves over to the group and joined in
  the fun. Soon, the whole mass of naked young flesh, arms and legs sticking
  out or buried busily inside would quiver and shake as one girl after
  another would cry out with the power of another orgasm.

  During this time members of the staff had been filtering into the dorm room
  to enjoy the show the beautiful girls had been putting on. Occasionally
  someone from the audience would get up and help out by untangling some
  hair wrapped around a girl's face or shifting a cramped limb. Sweat and cum
  was wiped from faces as they appeared from out of the pile and drinks of
  cold juice were offered to the girls while they continued with their fun.
  It was late in the afternoon that a halt was called and the girls were
  disentangled from each other, unlocked and sent to the showers.

  After they were all cleaned up a light supper was prepared for them and
  then, after a short rest period, they were told to prepare for the showing
  that evening. The girls hair was brushed out by the staff and left loose.
  Sehani saw that Seeta's hair would just touch the floor if she was standing
  on the table. It pooled at her feet and fanned out across the floor another
  two feet behind her. She had to gather it in her arms and carry it when she
  walked. It was thick and jet black and seemed to glow with an inner light
  after it had been brushed out by the skilled beautician who worked on her.
  The girls were told not to put on any clothes to prevent wrinkles from the
  fabric leaving marks on their polished skin. The naked girls sat or stood
  as they waited for the attendants to finish with the others and they all
  looked gorgeous, still having a healthy glow to their bodies from their
  workout that afternoon.

  When all the girls had been readied they were ushered down the back stairs
  to the presentation room on the main floor. Sehani saw that the room was
  large and there was a narrow raised platform in a semicircle at one end.
  All the girls were led onto this stage and told to place their hands behind
  their backs. There were large steel rings screwed to the stage floor spaced
  at regular intervals and each girl was positioned over one. The attendants
  went around to each girl and slipped a lock through their wrist bangles,
  locking the girls hands behind them. Then they passed a short chain through
  their ankle bangles and the ring in the floor, locking the ends of the
  chain together to the ring. The girls had been arranged with the two blond
  girls at the ends of the line. They were followed by the two Chinese girls,
  Sehani and Nissa next and the darker Indian girl, Seeta, and the tall
  Australian Judith were in the middle.

  The girls were then made to stand naked and chained in place for the next
  half hour while the spotlights, one in front and one behind each girl, were
  adjusted and dimmed or brightened to highlight each girl's complexion and
  beauty to the best advantage. During this time Dora had come into the room
  and she and the attendants were busily brushing hair and applying bits of
  makeup here and there on the gorgeous ladies on the stage. When everything
  was ready all the attendants left the room except Dora and the lighting
  technician. Dora flipped a switch on the wall and sat down in the corner
  beside him.

  The eight beauties chained in place on the stage were a sight to behold.
  The girls stood straight and still with their heads slightly bowed and
  their eyes down. Their long hair had been carefully brushed back so that it
  hung straight down behind each girl, parted a little where their hands were
  bound behind them. Seeta's hair hung down to her feet and spilled back
  along the narrow stage to fall over the edge behind her. The girl's feet
  were all spread slightly apart, as far as the chains through their ankle
  bracelets would allow. The switch Dora had touched on the wall turned on a
  signal light in the next room. In a couple of minutes the head
  administrator opened the door and ushered a young Asian man into the room.

  With a motion of his hand the administrator bid the man to walk over and
  inspect the eight lovely women waiting for him. The Asian man was average
  height and build, quite handsome, and looked to be about twenty six to
  thirty years old. He wore a fine gray suit and expensive looking shoes. He
  stood in the center of the semicircle for a few minutes, looking at each of
  the girls upon the stage, before walking closer to the first girl in
  line. He would stop in front of each girl and study her closely before
  moving on to the next. The girls had been instructed to remain still during
  the showing, looking up only when the customer was directly in front of
  them to make eye contact with him for a couple of seconds before lowering
  their eyes again. When Sehani looked at the man's face he gave her a warm
  smile and a slight bow, just a tiny nod of his head really, before she
  turned her eyes down. His smile had sent a thrill down her back.

  The young man reached the last girl and after a long look walked around to
  the rear of the stage. He made his way down the line of beauties. When he
  reached Seeta he stopped and bent to touch her hair which flowed across the
  stage floor. When he reached the end again he stepped up on the stage
  to the side of Janine. He then began to run his hands slowly and gently
  over her body. He started at her waist and belly, softly pressing and
  rubbing her, moving down her legs to her feet. He lifted the bangles around
  her ankles a little and ran his hands around her ankles and feet before
  moving back up to her chest. He put his hands under her breasts and felt
  the weight and firmness there. He then gathered her blond hair in one hand
  and lifted it away from her body, feeling up and down her back and arms. He
  moved her bound hands away from her body a little and ran his hand around
  the soft globes of her ass. He ran a finger lightly through her bush in
  front. He let go of her hair, fanning it out as it had been, and stepping in
  front of her, lifted her chin to gaze at her face. After a few moments the
  Asian man then moved over to repeat the same careful inspection on the
  next girl, Soo-Ling.

  The head administrator had quietly moved over to sit beside Dora. She was
  almost bursting with curiosity, but held her tongue; the only sound in the
  room was the gentle clink of the girls bangles when the man's hands moved
  them. It took almost three quarters of an hour before the man finished his
  inspection of the last girl, the blond haired Judy, and he stepped back to
  the front of the semicircle again. He looked at each girl again for a
  few minutes before taking out a pen and a notebook. There were small brass
  numbers screwed to the front of the stage in front of each position and the
  man wrote in the notebook for a while, ocasionaly looking up at the girls
  standing there, chained to their spots on the stage.

  Then the man closed his book and turned to go. The administrator, who was
  already up and standing beside the door, opened it, and the two men left
  the presentation room. When the door closed there was a collective exhale
  of breath from everyone left in the room. Dora stood and walked to the
  other door while the technician killed the hot spotlights and turned on the
  florescents in the ceiling. Dora brought in the attendants who had been
  waiting outside and they began unlocking the girls bondage. There was to be
  no talking until the girls were back upstairs, Dora quietly reminded
  everyone. When the last girl was released, the group filed out of the room
  and back to the dorm room upstairs.

  As the girls were walking up the stairs they began chatting amongst
  themselves about the Asian man who had just seen them. All the girls
  thought that he was a nice looking man and appeared to be well off
  financially. Seeta said he seemed quite interested in her long hair, lifting
  and handling it for a long time. All the girls agreed that he seemed to
  like their long hair. Soo-Ling thought that the man spent a lot of time
  touching and inspecting her feet. The girls all giggled and said that he
  seemed to be interested in that part of their bodies as well. Sehani had
  blushed a little when the man had lightly traced his finger through her
  slit, which had become quite moist with his probing of her body, and then
  casually had brought it up to his nose for a subtle sniff.

  When the girls reached the dorm room there were bottles of wine and soft
  drinks on the table for them and as they continued their discussions the
  laughter became louder and more frequent. Meanwhile, Dora had slipped out to
  wait in the reception area for the administrator to finish with the client.
  She was sitting at the front desk when the two men came in and the
  administrator showed him out of the building. When he returned he looked
  very happy about something.

  "The gentleman's name is Kam Fong," he told Dora, "and yes he is quite
  rich. He made all of his money when Japan's economy had crumbled last year.
  While others were loosing fortunes, he was one of the few who made a lot of
  money, and now as a wealthy young bachelor, he is looking for a wife. He
  said that he was having such a hard time deciding that I jokingly suggested
  that he purchase one girl for a bride and another as a house keeper, slash,
  wife number two. Imagine my surprise when he agreed that that was just the
  thing to do!"

  Dora looked on in astonishment as the head administrator continued, "He
  will make a decision as to which of the girls he wishes to interview
  further and let me know tomorrow morning."

  "That's wonderful news," Dora said. "The young gentleman is going to have
  his hands full if he decides to take two of our girls."

  They both had a chuckle over that and then the administrator reminded her
  not to tell the girls anything about the client just yet. "When I hear
  which girls the client has selected I will inform them myself of this
  somewhat unusual arrangement that they will be agreeing to."

  With that the administrator said good night to Dora and got ready to go
  home. Dora went back upstairs to the girl's room to see how the party was
  doing. The girls were relaxing on the couches and beds around the room,
  most of them in twos or threes holding hands or cuddeling. Some of the
  girls asked her questions that she wouldn't answer, only stating that the
  client would decide tonight who would be selected for further interviews.
  She then said that they would all be taken to see a movie tomorrow and
  wished them all good luck as she left to go home for the night.

  The girls sat around watching T.V. and cuddling each other for the rest of
  the evening, speculating on who might be chosen by the handsome Asian man.
  They guessed, by the thorough inspection that evening that he had given
  them, that the interview would be much more intense and probably more fun
  too. At the shift change, when the night guard came into the dorm, the
  girls began preparing for bed. After snacks and bathroom trips were
  finished and the girls had all locked themselves to their beds, the lights
  were turned out. Sehani had a series of erotic dreams that night and
  several times woke with her free hand buried deep in her wet crotch. It was
  early morning before she slipped, exhausted, into a deep sleep.

  The next morning started with breakfast as usual, followed by a brisk
  workout in the gym by all the girls. Their physical training involved a lot
  of stretching exercises, with some time on the stationary bikes and rowing
  machines. The workouts were supervised by the staff doctor and were
  tailored to each girl to bring her body to the peak of perfection. For
  example Seeta, who was rather thin had a special diet high in carbohydrates
  to firm up and build her muscles, whereas Judith, the big Aussie, had her
  workout geared towards toneing her body down to a more feminine sleekness.

  After the girl's workout, and fifteen minutes of marching around the gym
  the girls all hit the showers. It was when they were all having lunch in
  the cafeteria that the head administrator walked into the room and sat down
  with them. All talk ceased as each girl knew why he was there to see them.

  "I have the selections from the showing last night." he started. "First I
  would like to say I was proud of the way you all looked and acted during
  the presentation. The client is quite a wealthy man as you no doubt
  guessed, however you should know he is extremely well off, and as you saw,
  quite young, twenty nine to be exact. He will most likely be leaving here
  with two of you lovelies." The administrator let his last sentence hang for
  a few seconds before continuing. "It's not uncommon in some countries for a
  man to have two or more wives, but the price we charge for such beautiful
  and well trained ladies as yourselves prohibit most people from owning even
  one of you. The gentleman was so enchanted by all of you last night that he
  found his decision quite a difficult one to make. I kind of hinted that he
  might like to have two of you, and he seemed quite taken with the idea.

  "He has chosen four of you to be interviewed tomorrow. Soo-Ling, Seeta,
  Nissa and Judy." As each girl's name was said she gave a little squeal of
  joy and the others hugged her and held her hands. Then the administrator
  stood up and said "Good luck." before leaving.

  The girls hugged and kissed each other, congratulating the ones chosen,
  before finishing their lunches. After lunch, they went back to the dorm
  room to change for the afternoon trip. The plans for a movie had been
  changed to a trip to the zoo on the other side of the city. The girls wore
  jeans or long skirts with comfortable shoes and socks. This served to
  partly hide their ankle bangles from view so as to not attract undue
  attention. Heads turn enough when a group of pretty girls walk by,
  especially ones as lovely as these, but with them all wearing the same
  rather unusual jewelry, questions might be raised. When the girls were
  ready they were taken by the company bus to the big zoo across town.

  Sehani had never seen so many different animals as the group walked around
  the zoo. The two men who accompanied the girls were much admired by passers
  by for having the company of eight lovely ladies. Although the girls were
  plainly dressed, their beauty seemed to radiate out from the group. They
  stopped for a while at a restaurant in the zoo for ice cream or something to
  drink before continuing with their tour. It was after suppertime before
  they returned to their building and they walked over to the restaurant on
  the corner for dinner.

  Then after a delicious meal served to the girls by an attentive staff, the
  group returned to the dorm room. Since the news of who would be chosen for
  their next interview, the girls had been excitedly chatting about the rich
  Asian man. Shortly after they had all entered the dorm room it was
  announced that some of the male staff and guards would be available for the
  girls to use that evening and night. The four girls who had been chosen for
  private interviews by the Asian client would go up to the apartment on the
  third floor and be serviced first. Afterwards, the rest of the girls could
  each have one of the men to enjoy.

  The room on the third floor was done up like a nice apartment with big
  windows along one wall overlooking the city. There was a separate bedroom
  with a big bed, and comfy couches and chairs in the livingroom. The four
  male staff members were waiting in the room when the girls arrived. They
  all paired up and it was agreed that Judy would get the bedroom first. The
  men were all good looking, thirty to forty years old, and ready to enjoy
  one of the many perks of their job. When Judy and the guard had no sooner
  removed their clothes and fell on the bed she began to hungrily devour his
  cock. The guard stroked her head and back as Judy, with her gorgeous blond
  hair spread across his chest and legs, bobbed her head up and down taking
  his swollen prick to the base in her mouth and throat, then sliding her
  tongue up the shaft to flick it across the head. Judy shifted her ass
  closer to the man and he started to finger her slit with one hand while
  rubbing her breasts and nipples with the other.

  One of the requirements for men hired on at this building was the ability
  to control their orgasms, so Judy was able to get her fill from the guard.
  She sucked him for a while before turning and kneeling over his hips. Then
  she lowered herself down on his throbbing member, sliding it into her
  dripping hot cunt. She slid herself up and down his cock, moving slowly at
  first, then faster and faster until she threw back her head in a powerfull
  release. Her cunt muscles squeezed the guard's cock with each wave of her
  orgasm. When Judy's cum had subsided a little the two switched positions
  with her on her back and the guard between her legs. As he pushed into her
  again he gathered her two wrist bangles in the fingers of one hand and held
  them over her head. As his thrusting increased he slid his other hand down
  between their bodies to bring his finger into contact with her clit..

  Judy started to writhe her body under that of the guard as his thrusting
  cock and his finger rubbing on her clit brought her close to another
  orgasm. The guard held her wrists pinned above her head with his fingers
  hooked through her bangles. He could feel her orgasm building higher and
  higher and shortly after the two exploded together in an incredible rush of
  release.

  In a couple of minutes the guard and Judy picked up their clothes and made
  their way to the shower in the bathroom, clearing the room for the next
  couple. The others had been cuddling on the couch and chairs in the living
  room. It was Seeta's turn next. The man she had paired up with took a lock
  from the table beside the bed and locked her two ankle bangles together.
  Then he used his tongue to bring her to orgasm as she lay on top of him
  licking and sucking on his cock. He then had her kneel on the bed and got
  behind her on his knees. He had to move her ample hair out of the way
  before raising her body up a little, to slide into her cunt. Seeta rocked
  back and forth on the man's stiff prick buried deep inside her while he
  rubbed his hands over her tits and gently pinched her nipples. Her hair had
  draped itself around both of their bodies, tangling them together by the
  time they both came hard into each other.

  The night shift guard was paired with Soo-Ling. He had heard that she had a
  thing for feet and was eager to find out for himself. With two locks and a
  short piece of chain he connected her hands behind her back and her feet
  together close to her hands. She was lying on her stomach, hog tied when he
  sat down behind her legs and started to rub and then tickle her feet. The
  guard was leaning back on the headboard and he brought his legs around the
  sides of Soo-Ling's body so his feet were near her head, all the while
  running his hands over her bum and up her legs to her feet, then back down
  again. Pushing her shoulders with his feet and pulling her legs he slid the
  bound girl closer to him, then bent close and started to lick the soles of
  her feet and nibble on her toes. Soo-Ling started to twist in her bonds to
  try to get her hands into her aching pussy but it was no use. She then
  moved her head closer to the guard's feet and started to kiss and suck on
  his toes.

  The guard was amazed when after just rubbing and licking the Asian girl's
  feet, and with his toes in her mouth she moaned loudly, as a powerfull
  orgasm ripped through her. He moved one hand from her feet to her crotch.
  She spread her knees a little to give him access to her wet slit. It only
  took a few strokes of the guard's fingers through her slit and a pinch on
  her clit to make her cum hard again. When she had come down after a few
  minutes the guard released the locks and gave the lovely young girl the
  fuck she so richly deserved.

  Nissa was paired with a young man from the accounting department. What he
  lacked in sexual experience he more than made up for in stamina. Nissa
  licked the man's body all over before centering on his cock and devouring
  it. The man rubbed his hands over her body and her perfect breasts while
  she slid her mouth up and down his rock hard prick. Nissa was very close to
  orgasm when the man had her lay on her back on the big bed. Then kneeling
  in front of her with his arms wrapped around her thighs, her legs in the
  air, he pushed his throbbing cock into her steaming pussy.

  The young accountant thrust gently but firmly into Nissa's tight cunt with
  easy rhythmic strokes, grasping her hips or thighs to pull them both closer
  together, making her cum at least four times before he pushed hard into her
  and started spurting his seed deep into her.

  When Nissa came out of the bedroom the other men had left and the three
  girls were lounging on the couch watching the T.V. After a quick shower she
  got a glass of milk from the kitchen and joined them. one of the attendants
  came in and changed the sheets on the bed. He left a piece of chain across
  the bottom of the bed locked at one end to the end of the bed frame. There
  were four open locks on the table beside it. The girls were told to sleep
  in the apartment together on the big bed and to attach one of their feet to
  the chain. There was a button beside the bed that would call downstairs if
  they needed anything during the night. It was still early when they were
  left alone in the apartment but it had been a busy day for them, so it
  wasn't long before they had locked themselves to the chain on the bed and
  drifted off to sleep holding each other in their arms.

  While the four girls were enjoying themselves in the upstairs apartment
  Sehani and the others were busy taking pleasure in their own bodies. As one
  of the men would finish in the apartment he would come down and join in the
  fun in the dorm room. Sehani ended up with the night shift guard. She had
  locked her wrist bracelets close together in front of her with a short
  piece of chain hanging down. The man wrapped the end of the chain around
  one of his wrists and fastened it with another lock. Sehani enjoyed the
  pleasures of the guard's attentions late into the night since he didn't
  have to leave when the other men did.

  Judith had connected the blond haired Janine to the Chinese girl Kim by passing 
  a chain through both of their wrist bangles in behind each girl. As they walked 
  around the room back to back everyone gave them pleasures with hands or tongues 
  as the pair came nearby. After the other men had come into the room the two 
  girls were unlocked from each other and everyone got down to some serious sex. 
  It was early morning when all the other men had left and the girls were in their 
  beds asleep, that the night guard unlocked Sehani's chain from his wrist and 
  locked it to her bed. Everyone in the building that night had been thoroughly 
  satisfied from the evenings fun. Sehani lay on her bed for a little while before 
  she could fall asleep, thinking on how nicely her new life has started out. 

  In the morning the four girls who were to have their interviews were
  wakened early and served breakfast. Their bonds were released and they
  feasted on hot cereal and toast with eggs and sausages in the apartment
  kitchen. Then they were sent up to the beauty parlour to be prepared for
  their interviews. Each girl was bathed and had their hair washed and dried.
  Their bodies were massaged and skin cream was applied to soften their skin
  to a silky smoothness. The interviews were to start at noon and the client
  had requested to see Soo-Ling first. When the beauticians were finished
  with her she waited in the room, resting for a while, wearing nothing
  except for her bangles, waiting for her appointment.

  At noon Soo-Ling knocked softly on the door to the apartment and then
  entered. The handsome Asian man, Kam Fong, was sitting on the couch and she
  walked over to kneel on the rug beside his legs. As she had been taught,
  Soo-Ling knelt with her hands behind her back and her head bowed slightly
  down, looking at the man's feet. She had noticed that today the man wore
  tan cotton shorts and a light cotton shirt, open in front. His feet were
  bare, much to Soo-Ling's delight. The man sat motionless for a while
  studying the naked girl before him. Her hair slipped off her shoulders to
  spill across her thighs as she waited for the man to make the first move.

  After about five minutes the man told her to sit beside him. For the next
  hour he asked her questions about her life, her dreams, her desires. Soo-
  Ling was born in a small village in China, near Kunming. Her father had
  been killed on a construction project and her mother had died of illness
  when she was four years old. She had been cared for by friends in the
  village before being sent to one of the company's schools in Bangkok. The
  man held her hand and toyed with her bangle, asking how she felt about
  wearing them.

  "At first I found them strange." She said. "The ones on my feet were hard
  to get used to in the beginning, but some of the older children in the
  school had them, and I was told it was a special honour to wear the
  bangles. When I got older and the special training began I started to feel
  a little proud to be wearing them. It gives me pleasure to have them."

  "Sit back and put your legs across my lap." Kam told her.

  Soo-Ling slid over a little, raising her legs and resting them on his. When
  she brought her feet together her ankle bangles clinked softly together.
  Kam noticed the tiny flicker of a smile that crossed her lips. He ran his
  hands down her legs and toyed with the bracelets for a minute, then reached
  over to the table beside the couch and picked up a lock. He put the lock
  through the girls foot bangles and closed it, slipping the key into his
  pocket. He then started rubbing Soo-Ling's feet and toes with his hands.

  All the girls were told that there is no real way to prepare for these
  interviews, that everyone takes their pleasures in different ways. Soo-Ling
  knew that she should be giving pleasure to the client but the training
  taught the girls that men sometimes get pleasure by giving pleasure. The
  feelings shooting through the girls body from the man's skilled hands on
  her feet caused her to lean back and close her eyes. Her feet were not
  especially ticklish, but were quite sensitive to touch and when the man
  bent down to kiss the tips of each of her toes a small moan escaped her
  lips.

  Soo-Ling reached out to run her fingers up the side of the man, touching
  him lightly on his arm and the side of his body. He began to suck each of
  her toes into his mouth one at a time, running his tongue around and
  between them, rubbing the rest of her feet and around her ankles with his
  hands. Occasionally he would hook his fingers through the lock connecting
  her bangles together and press her feet a little harder to his face. Soo-
  Ling would make small noises as tremors ran from her feet to her brain and
  back down, to collect in her crotch. Kam released his grasp on her bangles
  to run his hand up her thighs, fingering the small triangle of black hair
  there. Soo-Ling couldn't stop herself from squirming on the couch and
  bucking her hips against the man's hand.

  Kam lifted her legs off his lap and placed her feet on the floor. Taking
  hold of her hands he stood, pulling her up with him. "Can you make it to
  the bed?" he asked. She started shuffling her feet back and forth, as far
  as the lock would allow, and with Kam's help made the short trip to the
  other room. In the bedroom, Kam took off his shirt and shorts while Soo-
  Ling lay down on the bed. He lay beside her with his head at her feet, just
  looking at them.  His feet were beside Soo-Ling's head so she took one in
  her hand and started to run her fingers over the top and across the sole.
  The man would give a little jerk when her fingers found a ticklish spot but
  soon she was doing to his feet what he had done to hers. Kam lay back on
  the bed, running his fingers up and down the pretty girl's legs as she
  sucked and nibbled on his toes, working her fingers around the heels and
  soles of his feet. It wasn't long before her talents began to bring him
  close to orgasm and he pulled his feet away to turn around, facing her. Kam
  got on his knees and lifted her bound feet up in the air. He then spread
  his knees and moved closer to her, his knees on either side of her hips.
  Holding the girl's feet in the air he pushed into her.

  Kam was pumping hard into Soo-Ling's tight pussy while kissing and gently
  biting her feet, which were up in his face, when she exploded in a major
  cum, clamping down hard on his dick with the muscles of her cunt. Kam
  paused for a moment until she had finished cumming before shifting closer
  to her and starting to thrust again. In a few minutes he could hold on no
  longer and pushed hard into her as he began spurting deep inside the girl.
  His orgasm triggered another in Soo-Ling, her hands clenching his legs,
  pulling them both harder together.

  After they had both relaxed a little the man pulled out of Soo-Ling and lay
  beside her, gently running his hand over her belly and thighs. A little
  later Kam stood and retrieved the key from his shorts. He unlocked the lock
  between Soo-Ling's ankles. He handed her a robe from the closet, helping
  her to put it on, then walked her to the door of the apartment. Kam turned
  the girl to face him and gave her a warm kiss. "Thank you, Soo-Ling." he
  said, then opened the door for her. After the girl had left Kam walked over
  to the phone and picked it up. After a short pause the girl at the front
  desk answered. "Could you send me up some lunch please," Kam said, "And
  I'll see the next girl in about an hour." He then padded into the bathroom
  for a quick shower.

  After Kam had finished lunch there was a knock on the door and Seeta
  entered the apartment, carrying her hair draped over one arm. She closed
  the door, dropping her hair to the floor as she walked over to the couch,
  the thick black hair dragging along the carpet behind her.. She knelt at the
  Asian man's feet, her hands behind her with her knees slightly apart and
  waited.  Kam couldn't see much of the girls body, her thick hair had draped
  around her like a silky black shroud. He moved his hand under her chin,
  tilting her head up, and looked into her dark brown eyes for a moment.

  "Come sit beside me." he said.

  Seeta rose, and with a graceful flick of her head and one arm, her hair
  settled in a pile between them as she sat down. The Asian asked her some
  questions, toying with her gorgeous soft hair as she talked.

  Seeta had been born in a filthy slum in Calcutta, one of three girls and
  five boys who lived in a small one room shack. Her mother had died when she
  was two, her father, working in the city, was never around. Her oldest
  brother helped raise the rest of the children until he too went away to
  work and the other children drifted away. Seeta was found by a city worker
  one day in a garbage dump, looking for food, and taken to the rescue
  mission nearby. There, she was cleaned up and given something to eat. After
  a few weeks her real beauty began to surface and she was transferred to the
  company's training school in the north. There were about thirty or forty
  girls of all ages at this school, all wearing the bangles that were
  mandatory for girls in the company's special program. Seeta was a little
  over seven when she entered the program and her feet had already started
  their growth spurt. The ankle bangles that seemed to be the best size for
  her would not go over her feet. The fitter tried bigger ones but her young
  feet had grown too big to get them on her. The school doctor had been
  called and she was given an injection to put her to sleep. Then the bones
  at the top of her feet were broken to allow her bangles to be slid on.

  When Seeta awoke her feet were in plaster casts with the bangles around her
  thin legs, resting on the tops of the casts. The doctor explained that the
  bones that had been broken had been reset to give her feet a better shape
  and higher arch. She would have less problems with her feet later on in
  life, he explained, than if the operation had not been done. For the next
  few weeks she was given the best food and attention she needed to get her
  back to health again. It wasn't long before the young bones in her feet
  healed. When the casts came off, her feet were shaped much nicer, no longer
  flat on the bottom but with a nice curving arch, and she was soon running
  and playing with the rest of the children in the school.

  The rest of Seeta's interview with Kam Fong went much as Soo-Ling's had,
  with the man's attention centered on her feet. They were indeed small and
  well shaped, and quite sensitive to his touch. There was also the added
  bonus of the girl's lovely long hair, which she handled with skill and
  grace. When the two were in bed together she had used great handfuls of her
  hair to rub and caress the man's feet, as well as other places on his body,
  driving him mad with desire.

  When the interview was finished and Seeta had left, Kam called down for the
  next girl.  Since it was getting late he asked that the final applicant
  accompany him to dinner at the restaurant after he had seen Nissa. Soon
  after he had hung up there was a soft knock on the door and Nissa entered.
  The young girl was strikingly beautiful but at first, as they sat and
  talked, she seemed rather shy. Kam tried to put the girl at ease but it
  soon became apparent that the short answers and long periods of silence to
  his questions were not due to shyness, but rather to the profoundly
  submissive nature of the girl. Nissa couldn't look into his eyes unless he
  told her to, and then for only a moment. He could sense her unease at
  sitting beside him, talking to each other as equals. In bed the girl's
  perfect body aroused Kam's passions but her inability to initiate things
  came across as a lack of enthusiasm to him.

  In the end Kam told her that although she was very beautiful he didn't want
  to dominate someone, but rather wanted someone to share his passions for
  life on a more equal footing. "Don't think you have done anything wrong,"
  he told her, "I know many men that would be thrilled to find someone like
  you. I just don't think that we could give each other what we are both
  looking for."

  The two parted at the stairway, Nissa returning to the dorm room and Kam
  walking down to the main lobby. Judy was waiting there for him, dressed in
  a light evening gown and they both walked over to the restaurant where a
  table was waiting for them in the courtyard in the back. Judy looked
  radiant, drawing appreciative stares from the other diners, with her long
  blond hair and fair skin, her bangles gleaming in the evening light. The
  two talked while they had dinner. Judy told of her life in Switzerland, how
  she came to the company's school there and was entered into the special
  program. The girl was intelligent and could talk on any subject but, as
  Nissa was submissive, Judy had a more dominant nature to her. This was
  demonstrated more in the apartment, on the big bed after dinner. Judy
  showed little interest in the foot play that so turned on Kam.  When he had
  touched her feet they were very ticklish and Judy pulled them out of his
  grasp. She knew how to please a man in bed, calling most of the shots, and
  while Kam lay on his back she rode his member for all it was worth, having
  multiple orgasms with little regard for him.

  After they had finished the interview, and Judy had left, Kam called down
  to the desk to ask for the administrator. The head of administration came
  to escort Kam down to his office. After coffee Kam got right to business.
  "I have decided on Soo-Ling and Seeta." he said. The administrator smiled
  inwardly. He had heard of Soo-Ling's foot interests and had noticed the man
  checking all the girl's feet a little closer than most men do at the
  presentation. "Excellent choices," he said. "I am certain that you will
  find much happiness with those two girls."

  The administrator wrote on a piece of paper and slid it across to the man.
  "This is the amount that we will request as a donation to the mission." he
  said.

  The amount was a lot, but about as much as Kam had expected, and in his
  mind well worth it. "I'll have the money transferred in the morning, when
  the bank opens." he said. Kam decided he would add a generous amount to the
  donation to help with the fine work the missions carried out.

  With the business concluded a taxi was called to take Mr.Fong back to his
  hotel and the administrator walked up to the dorm room to deliver the news.
  There were squeals of happiness from the two chosen girls, and hugs and
  kisses of congratulations from all the others. A big cake with fresh fruit
  was brought up from the kitchen and everyone celebrated long into the
  night. It was well past two in the morning when the party wound down and
  the girls retired to their beds. Seeta and Soo-Ling shared a double bed
  that night with one of their wrist bangles and one of their ankle bangles
  locked to each other to signify their union in their new life.

  The girls were allowed to sleep late the next morning. Tearful goodbyes
  were said during breakfast before Seeta and Soo-Ling were taken to the
  beautician's room to prepare them for their new owner. Meanwhile Sehani and
  Judith were called to the administrators office. There they were told that
  an old friend of the company had called requesting the pleasure of two
  girls to entertain himself and his nephew for a few days. He would call
  that afternoon and fly them to his boat in Sri Lanka for a cruse. The two
  were sent up to the beautician where they met Soo-Ling and Seeta coming
  out, and said goodbye for the last time.

  Soo-Ling and Seeta went to the administrators office to wait for their new
  master. They were sitting on the couch holding hands when he was shown into
  the office. Kam saw his girls sitting together and couldn't suppress his
  smile. He sat at the desk across from the administrator and handed him the
  receipt from the bank. He looked at the receipt and then at Kam with
  surprise. "I added a small extra to the amount to assist in the fine work
  you do here." said Kam. The added amount was not so small.

  The administrator stood and shook the Asian man's hand. "Most of the money
  we collect goes directly to help less fortunate girls around the world." he
  said. "This generous donation will be put to good use, I assure you."
  Papers were then handed to Kam, birth certificates and medical records for
  the two girls, and Kam Fong and his two lovely ladies were escorted to the
  taxi waiting outside.

  After Sehani and Judith had finished being bathed and their hair was dry
  they went to the cafeteria for lunch. The administrator met them there and
  told them a little about the client they were to meet that afternoon. Jim
  Brighton was around sixty five and had helped run the mission in Bangkok
  for a few years. His wealth was made in oil during the fifty's and sixty's
  and through some good investments he is now able to enjoy life to the
  fullest. His nephew, Steven, is just twenty six and handles most of his
  uncles business in the oil company.

  "You are to entertain both men aboard their yacht for three or four days.
  Sometimes dates like these can lead to a more lasting relationship. Mr.
  Brighton hinted to me that he was helping his nephew find a good woman to
  live with. I know both these men personally to be gentlemen, and you need
  have no fears when you are with them. I'm sure you will both have a nice
  time." The girls were told to wait in the dorm room after lunch and they
  would be called when Mr. Brighton arrived.

  It wasn't long before the girls were called downstairs and introduced to
  Jim Brighton. Jim was a large man, good looking, and very fit. He had a
  full head of gray hair and gave a big smile to the two girls when he met
  them. There were two small suitcases in the lobby, clothes and things for
  the girls, and the driver picked them up to take to the car outside. "I'll
  have these lovelies back in three or four days, safe and sound." Jim said
  to the administrator. Then taking a girl in each arm they left the building
  and got into the big black car in front.

  They drove to the airport and through a gate, into the area for private
  planes. The car stopped near a shinny silver Lear jet and they all stepped
  out onto the hot asphalt. Sehani had seen airplanes high up over her
  village, tracing white lines in the sky, but had never seen one up close.
  The Lear jet looked small compared to the big airliners passing by on the
  way to the terminal. She ducked her head as one roared overhead, this
  bringing a chuckle from Jim and Judith. Jim escorted the two girls up the
  stairs and into the jet, the driver bringing up their bags. Jim introduced
  the man standing inside who took the girl's bags, and the pilot sitting in
  the front of the jet. Sehani had never seen anything like this before. The
  air inside the plane was fresh and cool. The inside was like a cosy
  apartment with plush chairs and couches scattered around. There was a bar
  in the rear corner with sparkling glasses and bottles and a narrow hallway
  leading to the back of the jet. The door was closed with a solid thump,
  shutting out the heat and noise from outside.

  Judith and Sehani sat in the soft seats near the door while Jim went to the
  front to talk with the pilot. He then came back and sat in the chair across
  from them. Sehani watched him and Janine pull out the seat belts, snapping
  them closed around their waists so she did the same. She heard the engines
  power up and felt the jet begin to move. The sunlight streaming through the
  small windows shifted inside the cabin as the jet made a circle and taxied
  out to the runway. They stopped for a few minutes as Sehani watched other
  planes taking off and landing. Then their plane moved out onto the runway,
  paused for a moment, then began to accelerate down the pavement.

  Sehani's body was pushed back into the seat as the jet picked up speed. The
  engines roar increased as more fuel was poured into them and the jet
  started to shake and bump a little as it sped down the runway. Sehani
  looked at Jim, who was calmly looking out the window. She turned to look
  out the other side just as the ground tilted, her stomach dropped, and the
  bumpy runway was left behind. They were skimming over the city, the
  buildings getting smaller as they climbed higher. The noise from the
  engines dropped a little as the plane started to level off. Jim undid his
  seatbelt and crossed over to the girls. Judith stood up, Sehani tried to,
  but her knees gave out and she collapsed back into the seat. Jim helped her
  up and over to one of the couches. Judith sat beside her while Jim went to
  the bar and fixed her something to drink. He held the glass for her as she
  sipped the drink. The attendant had asked Judith what she would like to
  drink, then returned, handing her a glass, and setting a glass for Jim on
  the table.

  Sehani soon felt better as Jim held her in his strong arms, talking to
  Judith about her life in Australia. Judith's mother had been only sixteen
  when she found herself pregnant, and decided to put her baby up for
  adoption. Judith came to the trading company's school and was selected for
  the special program because of her young beauty and her quick intellectual.
  She was a very happy child, growing up in the school near the ocean in
  Perth, and she was quick to learn the things taught in class. She was able
  to skip classes sometimes to spend time swimming, which she loved to do, in
  the warm waters of the bay where the school was located. As Judith grew she
  matured into a tall and muscular beauty, her large and firm breasts, her
  small waist and strong legs and arms would cause the boys heads to turn
  wherever she went. At the age of seventeen she was sent to Paris, to
  receive her final training. During the two years in France her body took on
  a more sleek and graceful look, her dark tan fading a little and her sun
  bleached hair darkened, growing longer and thicker.

  While Judith had been talking, Jim had held Sehani in his arms, idly
  running his hands up and down her body, over the thin cotton dress she
  wore. He saw that she was feeling better now and offered to give the two
  girls a tour of the plane. They went up to the front where Jim asked the
  pilot how it was going. "A little over an hour until we land, sir." he
  replied. Jim let Sehani sit in the seat beside the pilot for a while as he
  explained some of the many dials and switches in the cockpit, then Jim took
  the girls to the back of the jet. There were doors on either side of the
  hallway, one opened to a bathroom where there was even a small shower. The
  other side was an office with files and books, a computer and telephone on
  the desk. The door at the end of the hall led to a bedroom with a big bed
  on one side and closets on the other.

  The two girls flopped on the bed and Jim sat between them. The attendant
  brought a tray of fresh drinks, leaving it on a table by the bed, then
  left, closing the door. Soon, the three were naked and were cuddling and
  kissing each other on the big bed. Jim introduced the girls to the mile
  high club, sex in a plane a mile in the air. Jim watched the two girls play
  for a while before sliding underneath with Judith riding his cock, his face
  in Sehani's pussy and the girls on their knees over him, kissing each other
  and rubbing each other's breasts with their hands. Sehani came first,
  spraying hot girl cum into Jim's mouth, which he greedily lapped up. This
  triggered his orgasm and he began spurting deep inside Janine, who clamped
  down on his dick with her cunt muscles as her own orgasm took hold. The two
  girls held each other tightly as Jim pushed Sehani up a little to turn his
  head and gasp for air.

  After the three had separated Judith passed the drinks around. They relaxed
  for a while before Jim headed into the bathroom to get cleaned up. After he
  had a quick shower the two girls used the bathroom while he got dressed. By
  the time they were all finished the plane had begun it's decent and the
  three sat down and prepared for landing.

  After the plane had landed at Colombo there was a limousine waiting to
  drive Jim and the two girls to the coast where the boat was moored. Judith,
  who had lived on the sea shore and had been around boats all her life was
  expecting a thirty foot cruiser or maybe a small sail boat of some sort.
  The car turned off the road and down to a building on the coast. When they
  drove around to the other side they saw the boat tied to the warf on the
  other side.

  A ship was a more apt description, it had to be over 150 feet long. What
  looked like part of the building from the road was actually the upper deck
  of the ship. Jim stepped out of the car and held the door for the girls.
  The driver got the bags and set them down by the car. Jim picked them up,
  handing Judith's bag to her and while he carried Sehani's the group walked
  over to the gang plank and up, onto the deck of the ship. They made their
  way to the back of the ship and the bar beside the pool area. Sehani was
  awe struck that there was a swimming pool on the deck of the boat. There
  were several people sitting beside the pool and a few women splashing in
  the water. Jim took the suitcase from Judith and set them beside the bar.
  He waved to a young man who walked over to the group. "Girls, this is my
  nephew Steven. Steven, this is Judith, and Sehani."

  Steven was good looking, a little taller than Sehani, and wore a cotton
  shirt and white shorts. He shook the girl's hands and said "Welcome
  aboard." His hand lingered a little longer on Sehani's as he took in her
  beauty. Jim busied himself with fixing drinks at the bar while he watched
  his nephew's reaction to the two lovely girls.

  "This is a beautiful ship you have here." Judith said to Steven.

  "Technically it is owned by the oil company," he said, "but since my uncle
  and I own the company, I guess it's ours too. Come on, I'll show you
  around."

  Jim handed the girls and Steven their drinks as they passed. "I'll go tell
  the captain to get under way." He said. Steven walked the girls around the
  pool and introduced some of the people there. The other guests were clients
  of the oil company or other executives, and their wives. There was one man
  whose name Judith had heard before. He was an ocean researcher who was
  going to do some diving in the Indian ocean. Judith remembered that he had
  done some work in Australia when she was living there. He told them he had
  brought extra equipment if they wanted to go down with him, and Judith said
  that she would like that very much.

  Steven was impressed by Judith's charm with the guests, but it was Sehani
  to whom his eyes were drawn to. When Jim rejoined them and said that dinner
  was to be served soon, Steven took Sehani's hand as they made their way to
  the dining room. Jim smiled when he saw his nephew sit down at the table
  beside Sehani; he took a seat with Judith. He liked the big Aussie, with
  her quick intelligence and solid body. The administrator at the trading
  company knew Jim's taste in women and had thought of Judith right away when
  Jim had called. Jim thought he knew what his nephew liked and his vague
  description had produced the lovely creature sitting across from him now.
  He put his hand down and gently stroked Judith's thigh as he gave her a
  warm smile.

  The waiter brought the plates over to the table and served the dinner.
  Steven had asked Sehani about the bangles she and Judith wore and she told
  him of how she came to receive them as a little girl. Sehani told about the
  trading company and the work they do, and how girls in her village are sent
  to the company school for the special training, and how others, like
  Judith, are selected for the program. Jim added that the girls are all
  helped to better their lives and given opportunities that they could never
  have had without the trading company's help.

  Jim saw that his nephew was beginning to understand why these two girls
  were here. Steven had dated many girls but had not found the happiness that
  everyone craves in a relationship. Jim had seen many friends marry someone
  only to have the relationship end a few years later with the woman taking
  half of the money and his friend broken hearted. He had also known a few
  who had gotten one of the girls from the trading company, and had found
  themselves quite happy. These girls had a different outlook on life, to
  enjoy the pleasures of life and love, and not to worry about the more
  material things.

  After they had finished dinner Jim patted Judith's leg and stood up.
  "Seven, why don't you show Sehani around the ship." he said. "Sehani, I'll
  take your bag down to Steven's cabin?" When the girl replied that would be
  fine, Jim and Judith left the dining room. On the way Jim picked up the two
  suitcases from beside the bar and they went down the stairs to the cabins.
  Jim left Sehani's bag inside his nephew's room and led Judith to his own.
  Judith sat on the big bed while Jim made drinks at the little bar in the
  corner. He sat beside her and, handing her a drink told her how he had
  hoped that his nephew and Sehani would hit it off. "He hasn't been too
  happy since he broke up with the last girl he had been seeing." Jim told
  her.

  While Jim talked Judith had been rubbing his shoulders gently with her free
  hand. "I haven't known Sehani for very long," she told him, "but she seems
  like a nice girl." She took a drink and set the glass down on the night
  table. Then, using both hands, started massaging Jim's neck and back. Jim
  took off his shirt and lay face down on the bed while Judith pulled off her
  dress and straddled him, sitting on his bum. She worked the muscles in his
  back with her strong hands until she felt the tension leave and he started
  to relax. Then she lifted up from him and he rolled over onto his back. Jim
  thought she had the face of an angel as she bent to undo his belt and pull
  off his shorts and underwear. Her long brown hair spilled off her shoulders
  and fell across his chest and stiffening cock.

  Judith bent down to take his prick in her mouth. She worked her tongue
  around and across him, taking it deep into her mouth and throat, then
  raising up to the tip again. Jim propped a pillow under his head to better
  watch the young girl. Judith noticed him watching and flipped her hair to
  the other side. After a couple of minutes Jim asked her if she would like
  to sit on his face. Judith gave him a grin and stood up. She spotted his
  shorts on the floor beside the bed and pulled the belt out. She smiled
  mischievously at Jim and handed the belt to him, then climbed up to lay her
  body on his.

  Jim Brighton wasn't really into the kinky stuff, but he knew the
  significance of the bangles the girls wore and figured why not. The girl
  positioned herself with her head at his crotch and her pussy under his
  chin, then put her hands together behind her back. Jim took the hint and
  looped the belt through her wrist bangles, slipping the buckle up tight.
  There was no hole for the buckle but the pin dug into the leather and held.
  Judith's thighs were on either side of Jim's head, with her knees bent and
  her feet up on the headboard. While she found his cock again with her
  mouth, he pushed her feet down close to her hands, and passed the free end
  of the belt through her ankle bangles, tying them close together. Then,
  grasping her thighs, he slid her body up a bit to feast on her moist slit.

  Judith had expected Jim to tie just her wrists with the belt and was
  surprised when he had pulled her feet up close to her ass and tied them off
  there. With Jim's cock deep down her throat she pulled and twisted her
  hands and feet but there was no way to get free. When Jim began to lick up
  and down her slit she gagged on his cock a little, the flood of sensations
  almost more than she could bear. While Jim probed deep with his tongue,
  Judith bobbed her head up and down the length of his throbbing cock.

  Jim was squirming his body under that of the bound girl on top of him,
  quickly reaching the point of release. Judith was very near to that edge
  herself. While Jim was licking her pussy, sucking and gently biting on the
  lips, Judith was taking the length of him deep into her mouth, then
  flicking her tongue as she raised her head up the hard shaft of flesh.
  When Jim would push his tongue deep into her she would kick her legs a
  little, the belt tightening more, pulling her bangles closer together.

  From far away Judith heard "I'm going to cum!". She felt Jim's body tense,
  his arms wrap tightly around her hips, and his lips clamp down on her clit,
  to suck the super sensitive nub into his mouth. She grasped the belt with
  her hands and strained at the unyielding leather as she slipped down on
  Jim's prick, letting it lodge deep within her throat. At that moment, for
  Jim and Judith, all the lights seemed to go out and nothing else existed
  for them as first Judith, then Jim less than a second later, fell deep into
  the depths of a mind numbing orgasm.

  Jim bucked his hips up to drive deeper into Judith's throat, pumping three
  quick shots of hot cum directly into her stomach before she lifted her head
  to take a breath, getting more jets of cum in her mouth. Meanwhile she had
  ground herself hard on Jim's face, spraying his mouth and face with her own
  sweet girl cum. Jim rolled the big girl off him and grabbed a corner of the
  sheet to wipe his eyes as Judith lay on her bound arms, gasping for air. He
  turned to look at her as she opened her eyes, and they both burst out
  laughing. He gave her ass a playful smack with his hand, then started
  fumbling with the knots in the belt at her feet. "Man, That's what it's all
  about!" he exclaimed.

  After he had released Judith from the belt he stood and padded into the
  bathroom. Judith followed him where they both took a quick shower together,
  helping to wash each other under the warm water. When they had dried off
  they both got dressed to go see how Sehani and Steven were doing. Jim took
  his belt from the bed, looking at it before looping it through his shorts.
  The end where the knots had been tied had bent the leather out of shape,
  and there was a new hole near to the buckle where the pin had pushed
  through. He smiled, he would have to retire this belt as a memento of his
  most pleasant time with Judith..

  They found Steven and Sehani by the pool on deck. The sun was a great
  orange ball on the horizon, sinking into the sea. Sehani wore a skimpy
  bikini and was in the water, relaxed on Steven's legs, who was sitting on
  the step at the end. There were a few other people lounging by the pool,
  taking in the cool evening sea air. Jim said hi and steven looked up at
  him, then at Judith, and smiled. By their flushed faces he could tell what
  his randy old uncle had been up to.

  Earlier, Steven had shown Sehani around the big boat, Sehani had never seen
  a ship like this, her only experience with boats had been the dugout canoes
  the village had to travel along the river. After the tour Steven had asked
  her what she would like to do, and she asked if they could swim in the pool
  for a while. Steven had led her back to his cabin to change. He was a bit
  shocked when, in the cabin, Sehani pulled her dress over her head and
  slipped off her panties right in front of him.

  Part of the reason Steven's relationships with women always ended in
  disaster was that he didn't know what to do with a woman. His early
  fumblings with girls in high school and collage were painful memories,
  dates later on no better. Steven always put on a brave face over his
  loneliness, secretly longing for his uncle's easy manner with the opposite
  sex. He had tried working hard, to take his mind off his problems, becoming
  quite successful in the affairs of the oil business, but there was always
  the nagging doubts about what he knew was missing in his life.

  As the girl stood naked before him, he longed to take her in his arms and
  run his hands over every inch of her perfect body. Instead he stood rooted
  to the spot, his face turning red and his mouth gaping. Sehani began to
  sense the man's discomfort, and turned away, to pull her swimsuit out of
  her bag. As she put on the suit, she didn't quite know what to do, but she
  knew she had to try. She put on the bottom of her bikini and hooked the top
  over her head. Steven was on the other side of the bed, pulling on his swim
  trunks. She held the top over her breasts and walked around to him. "Would
  you help me tie this, please?" she asked, turning her back to him and
  holding the straps behind her back. She moved her hair out of the way as
  Steven nervously tied a bow in the thin material at her back. She held her
  hair so that it's silky softness brushed against Steven's arm as his shaky
  fingers worked to tie the knot.

  After Steven had gotten the girl's top tied his fingers refused to leave
  her smooth skin, and lingered, nervously tracing across her back. Sehani
  took a small step back and leaned slightly into the man, letting go of her
  hair to guide his hands to around her waist. Steven felt the firm flesh of
  her belly, dipping one finger a little ways into her navel. Sehani let her
  hands drop to trace her fingers gently along Steven's thighs, letting out a
  soft purring noise. Then, not wanting the spell to be broken, she took his
  hand and said, "Lets go for that swim." She picked up some hair pins from
  her bag and tied up her hair as they walked up the stairs. Sehani walked
  slightly in front so the man could admire her as they went up to the deck,
  and over to the pool.

  Sehani took his hand again as they went down the steps and into the warm
  water. Then she let go and lay in the water, paddling over to the other
  side. Steven swam over to her and she put her arms around him. Steven's
  feet were on the bottom with the water up to his neck. Sehani could just
  touch bottom with her toes, but pretended that she couldn't and held onto
  Steven, wrapping one leg around his for support. "This is really nice." she
  purred in his ear. She gave him a little kiss on the cheek, he gave her a
  tentative peck on the lips. Then he kicked off, paddling back to the
  shallow end with one arm around her waist.

  Steven sat down on the steps of the pool. Sehani rested the back of her
  head in his lap with her legs floating in the water. Steven was glad of the
  thick pile of hair between his stiffening prick and the girl's head as he
  ran his hands lightly along Sehani's shoulders and neck. Sehani lay with
  her head cradled in the man's lap and gently traced her fingers along his
  legs and ankles. They lay in the water for several minutes before Jim and
  Judith showed up.

  Jim sat down on one of the lounge chairs nearby, Judith on one beside him.
  A waiter came over to take their drink orders. "And ask the two love birds
  what they want." pointing to Sehani and Steven. When the waiter left Sehani
  roused herself and swam another lap in the pool. Steven had got out and sat
  on one of the chairs, drying himself. When Sehani got out of the pool she
  went over and sat at the end of the chair Steven was on. She took his towel
  to dry herself, leaning back against his knees.

  When the drinks arrived the two couples sat and talked for a while.. Jim
  said that they would arrive at a reef in the Indian ocean by early morning,
  where they would spend the day. The researcher, Peter Loyd, wanted to do
  some diving there and there was an island nearby with a fantastic beach.
  The sun had set and the air was starting to chill when Sehani asked Steven
  if they could go back to the cabin for a while. Judith said goodnight to
  Steven as he passed by, his uncle giving him a leering wink. Steven and
  Sehani went back to his cabin.

  When the two arrived in Steven's cabin Sihani stripped off her wet bikini
  and hung it over a chair to dry. She then sat down on the towel on his bed
  and removed the pins from her hair, letting it's length fall down around
  her. She found her brush and began to run it down the length of her hair.
  Steven stood beside the bed and watched her. "You have such nice hair." he
  said to her.

  "Why don't you come over here." Sehani asked him. Steven moved over to her
  and stood in front of her. Sehani reached up to the waistband of his swim
  trunks and peeled them slowly down his legs. His semi rigid prick jumped
  out and he moved his hand to cover it. Sehani lifted his feet to get him to
  step out of the trunks, then tossed them at the chair in the corner. She
  took both his hands in hers, planted a little kiss on his belly, then
  moved lower to softly kiss the end of his cock. Holding it's length in her
  hand she ran her lips over the head, taking it into her mouth. She could
  feel it twitching and jumping in her hand.

  Sehani asked him to lay down on the bed. She sat beside him running her
  fingers through the hair on his chest, and fingering his cock, which had
  grown to full length. After only a few moments he let out a moan, and
  thrusting his hips up started spurting his spunk over her hand and onto his
  chest. He sank back onto the bed and turned his head away. "I.. I"m sorry."
  he mumbled.

  "It's O.K. Steven." she said.

  Sehani reached for the towel and wiped up the cum from his chest and her
  fingers. She turned his head to face her and looked into his eyes. "It's
  really all right." she softly said to him. Steven answered with a weak
  smile. Sehani stretched out on top of him and kissed his neck and the side
  of his face. She started to rub her bush up and down his cock, which
  responded by returning quickly to it's former size. Steven locked his lips
  to hers, holding her body tightly for a long and sensuous kiss. Then Sehani
  got onto her knees over him and rubbed her slit along his now throbbing
  cock.

  Sehani reached down to position him, then slowly sank down on his member,
  taking it all into her wet cunt. She flipped her head, sending a cascade of
  silky hair down her back, to spill across Steven's thighs and down,
  in between, to tickle his balls. The feelings this caused in him, coupled
  with the sight of the girl's lovely body on top of him, caused him to loose
  control again, and he instantly began to cum inside the girl's hot pussy.

  Steven bucked his hips up once and Sehani could feel his jets of cum being
  released inside of her. When Steven had settled back down, Sehani took the
  towel and lifted off him, holding it between her legs. She used the end to
  gently wipe his now soft prick. Steven looked up at her once or twice,
  looking away quickly each time. Sehani knew he felt badly, but wasn't sure
  she knew what to do about it. She stood and said "I'm going to take a
  shower, can you join me in a couple minutes?"

  Sehani padded into the bathroom and ran the water while she pinned her hair
  up. She stepped under the warm spray and soaped herself down. Steven came
  in to rub her back while she in turn did his, then they both got out and
  dried themselves off. It was getting late and Steven suggested that they
  should get some sleep. He asked her if she would prefer to have the room to
  herself that night. "Don't be silly." she said as she shook out her hair.
  Sehani went to her suitcase and rummaged around inside. At the bottom were
  two padlocks and a short piece of chain.

  Steven watched as she tried the key in each lock before setting it on the
  table on the other side of the room. Then she sat on the bed and put one
  lock on the end of the chain and connected both her wrist bracelets
  together with the lock, the length of chain hanging down from in between.
  As she was awkwardly trying to close the lock Steven asked her what she was
  doing. Sehani looked up at him.

  Sehani realised that what she had been taught to do, what she had
  automatically done every night for years now, was something new to Steven.
  She began to tell him a little about the training that the girls in the
  program received. Steven grew quite interested as she described how all the
  girls would lock themselves to their beds at night, only being released in
  the morning. Sehani held the open lock between the fingers of one hand,
  it's shackle still through her bangles. "I don't have to do this if you
  don't want me to." she said softly.

  Steven reached over to take the lock between his fingers. He ran his other
  hand down her arm, stopping to feel the bangle around her slender wrist. He
  pressed his fingers together and the lock snapped closed with a click. The
  sound the lock made sent a small chill down both Steven's and Sehani's
  spine. Steven lowered his hand to take hold of the chain, and pulled the
  girl's hands down with him as he lay back on the bed. Sehani followed to
  lay with her head on his shoulder, his other arm around her. Steven gently
  toyed with her bangles and the chain connected to them, a smile slowly
  spreading on his face.

  After about a half hour Sehani noticed the man's breathing had slowed and
  he was asleep, still holding tightly to her chain. She moved a little to
  snuggle closer to him. Sehani's training had been geared towards achieving
  maximum pleasure for both herself and for any man she was with. She
  naturally wanted to help Steven feel pleasure during sex and he seemed to
  respond well when she had put the lock on her bracelets. She remembered
  being taught that some men have problems like Steven had and that they were
  usually due to stress or anxiety. Just before she drifted off to sleep a
  plan began to take root in her mind.

  The next morning Sehani woke to find Steven sitting up in bed looking at
  her. He still held her chain in one hand, the other was stroking her side.
  Sehani gave him a warm smile, then rolled over onto her back. She raised
  her hands over her head, inviting Steven to turn his attention on her
  breasts. He took the hint and started to rub them with his hand, then
  bent to kiss and lick her nipples. He rolled one between his lips, gently
  pinching the other with his fingers. His other hand still held her chain.
  He pulled it to bring her hands down and she rubbed his head and neck. She
  let him feast on her breasts for a few minutes before pulling away. "I need
  to use the bathroom." she said, and got up to go. She let her chain clink
  gently on the floor and the toilet a couple of times, to keep his interest,
  then finished and returned to the bed.

  Steven followed her with his eyes as she sat on the end of the bed. He
  moved over to her and put his arms around her, running his hands up and
  down her arms. She let him do this for a few minutes before she stood and
  went over to the table to pick up the key. "Let's go up for breakfast." she
  said, handing the key to him. She held her hands out to him. After a moment
  he leaned over to release her. She put the chain and lock into her bag,
  pulling out a short dress and put it on. Steven pulled on his shorts and a
  tee shirt. He noticed that Sehani wore no shoes or socks, no bra or panties
  either. Her mood seemed to have changed from the day before also. That's
  usually the way it was for him, he thought. Sehani took his hand and pulled
  him to his feet. "Ready?"

  They walked up and onto the deck. The ship had reached it's destination
  some time during the night. The captain had waited for dawn to navigate the
  channel through the reef. The ship had stopped in a big bay near an island,
  the morning sun bright on the sandy beach there. There were other islands
  nearby, some quite small, others with a few trees on them. The water was a
  different colour where the reef was located. Sehani leaned against the rail
  and looked out at the islands around them. She slipped her arm around
  Steven's waist.

  "It would be nice if we could spend the day alone together on one of those
  islands." Sehani said without looking at him. She hoped she hadn't sounded
  too commanding, yet she didn't want any arguments either.

  Steven looked out at the islands. "We could take one of the boats, pack a
  lunch and make a day of it." he said after a moment. Steven was puzzled by
  the girl's mood shifts. After the attempts at sex last night she had
  practically chained herself to him. This morning she seemed to shift from
  warm to cold, and now she wanted to spend all day alone with him. Sehani
  turned to look at him, then led them to the dining room for breakfast. They
  each had a generous amount of the egg omelet with pancakes and syrup. While
  they ate Judith came in and sat down at their table with a cup of coffee.

  "I think I wore your uncle out last night." she said to Steven. "He's still
  asleep in bed. How did you guys make out."

  Sehani said "I was a little tired so we had a peaceful night." She shot
  Judith a look, then turned to Steven and added, "Steven is a real sweet
  guy."

  Steven finished his breakfast then went off to arrange for a boat, leaving
  the two girls alone. Before Judith asked, Sehani told her about the
  problems she had with Steven last night.

  "Jim's bluster is infectious." Judith said.  "I should have kept my mouth
  shut."

  "Its O.K." Sehani said. then she told Judith of her plan to get Steven away
  from everyone for the day. "I hope I can get him to forget all his problems
  for a while and just really relax."

  In a little while Steven came back to the table. "All set." he said. "There
  is a boat for us and the cook is packing us a basket for lunch." Sehani and
  Steven said bye to Judith and she said to have fun. Then they went back to
  the cabin to gather some things. Steven found a bag and he packed his
  bathing trunks, some sunscreen and beach shoes. Sehani took her bikini, her
  hair brush, and while Steven was watching, dropped her two locks into the
  bag.

  Then they headed for the door at the stern which led out to a platform
  where the small boats had been lowered and tied. They didn't run into Jim,
  fortunately, and Steven grabbed the basket of food, some towels and a
  blanket, before stepping onto the platform and into the boat. He held out
  his hand for Sehani as she got in, sitting down on a seat in front. Steven
  untied the line, tossing it to a sailor who pushed the boat away with his
  foot. He started the motor and soon they were skimming over the waves,
  towards a group of little islands.

  They crused around the islands for a while until Sehani pointed to one near
  the middle with some trees for shade. Steven cut the motor as the boat
  drifted to the shore. He jumped out into the water with a line as the boat
  ran into the sand and tied it around a rock on the shore. Sehani handed him
  the things, then stepped down into the warm water. They spread the blanket
  in the shade of a tree and sat down, Sehani leaning against Steven. They
  watched the little boats move from the ship to the big island, carrying
  people and supplies to the beach. After a while Sehani suggested they go for
  a walk around the island and picking up the bag of clothes they set off.

  They walked to the end of the island and to the other side. The beach there
  was just as nice so Sehani suggested they swim there. She picked out the
  bottle of sunscreen and stripped off her dress. Steven pulled his shorts
  and tee shirt off too. Sehani rubbed the cool lotion slowly all over his
  body. He did the same for her. They stood, holding each other for a while,
  kissing and hugging, their skin slippery from the sunscreen. Sehani said
  she didn't think they needed the swim suits since no one could see them on
  this side of the island, so they walked down the beach and into the water.

  Steven had, even as a child, never swam naked before, and certainly never
  with a beauty such as Sehani beside him. When Sehani got some water in her
  mouth she was surprised at the salty taste of it, having never been to the
  sea before. She said the taste reminded her of something else warm and
  salty, and Steven laughed at that. They floated in the water for a while,
  holding each other and touching. Sehani would get in front of him, trapping
  his cock between her thighs until she felt him get hard, then drift away
  to come up behind him, pressing her tits into his back and her mound into
  his ass. Once she hooked her legs around his waist, letting his cock enter
  her a little, before pushing away and swimming back to the beach.

  "Lets bring the blanket to this side." she said when Steven came up to her.
  They cut across the island to the other side and retrieved the stuff from
  under the tree. Sehani saw a boat anchored out over the reef, two people
  getting ready to dive. She saw the glint of sunlight at one diver's wrists
  and ankles, Judith. They walked back to the other side of the island, still
  naked, Sehani behind. "You have a nice bum." she said.

  Steven had been told that before. He turned and smiled, stopping and
  jutting it out. Sehani ran her hand across it as she walked by. They
  stopped at the beach and spread out the blanket. Sehani sat while Steven
  looked in the basket, pulled out a bottle of wine and two glasses, then
  poured and handed her one. The two lay on the blanket in the shade for a
  while, sipping the wine and holding hands, occasionally cuddling and kissing
  each other. Sehani took the two locks from the bag and handed the key to
  Steven. He didn't have any pockets so he leaned over and dropped it into
  a glass in the basket. Sehani gave him the two locks and moved her feet
  closer to him. Steven played with her bangles a bit before passing one lock
  through them and clicking it shut. Sehani then moved around to face away
  from him and put her hands behind her back. Steven got up on his knees
  behind her and with one arm around her, slid the other lock through her
  bangles snapping it closed, trapping her arms behind her.

  He sat with the bound girl in his arms for a while, occasionally lifting a
  glass of wine to her lips, stroking her smooth body with his hands. He bent
  to kiss her mouth, her breasts, to put his hand between her thighs, Sehani
  spreading her legs a little for him to reach the softness there. She
  reached with her hands, finding him hard and stroked him with her
  fingertips. He lay her down on her side and got behind her. He gently
  pushed into her wet pussy, his hands holding hers, his feet rubbing down
  her soft legs, to the hard bangles at her ankles. He began to hump into the
  beautiful bound girl.

  Time stood still for Steven and Sehani, even the seagulls had shut up. He
  stroked inside her slowly, in a rhythm with the sound of the waves
  splashing on the shore.  He kept up the easy stroking, the gentle breeze
  cooling them in their exertions. Sehani started to feel her peak building.
  Steven behind her was making little grunting noises now with each stroke,
  she too began to make little noises, encouraging him on. Nothing existed
  for Steven except the warm sand, the cool breeze, and the girl before him,
  giving herself completely to him.

  Sehani had reached the peak and could not hold back. Her body grew rigid,
  her arms and legs strained at her bonds. She gripped Steven's hand with
  hers, bore down on his prick as the orgasm took hold. Steven felt the girl
  tense, the pressure and friction on his cock increase, and pushed hard into
  her as he began to cum with her. He rocked back and forth as wave after
  wave of sheer bliss washed through him. Sehani grunted loud and long as the
  feelings began to lessen, her body relaxing into the man behind her.
  Steven lay with his face in the girl's hair, clutching at her hips and
  arms, feelings like he never had before flashing through him.

  They lay together for several minutes before Steven roused himself and
  reached into the basket to get her key. He unlocked the two locks, then
  when Sehani sat up he locked her hands in front of her. Standing, he pulled
  her upright and down the beach, into the water. They splashed around for a
  while before Sehani lifted her arms and put them over Stevens head and down
  around his waist. They stood in the water and held each other before
  walking slowly back up the beach to the blanket.

  Sehani lay down on the blanket, her hands still around Seven's waist,
  pulling him atop her. She brought her legs up around him, he slipping
  himself easily into her again. Sehani held him tightly to her while he
  stroked inside her, kissing her face and lips. This time, there was a more
  forceful sense of urgency to his thrusting. Sehani rubbed his ass with her
  feet, sliding her ankle bangles down the backs of his legs, and pressing
  her locked wrist bangles into his back. Her nipples grew taught, rubbing on
  the hair of his chest, her lips drawing his tongue into her mouth.

  Steven felt locked in the embrace of the girl, his hard prick pounding into
  the soft, yielding flesh beneath him. She released her lips from his to draw
  in great lungfulls of air, her chest heaving against his. He began to feel
  the building up deep within his lower body, the warmth spreading quickly up
  his spine. Sehani tipped her head back, a reddened flush spreading from her
  face, down her neck and chest. She hooked her feet together, the bangles
  clanking together, and pressing into Steven's ass. She let a deep growl
  escape from between her clenched teeth as she came hard. Her feet on
  Steven's ass pressed him harder into her just as he started pumping his
  seed deep into her.

  Steven groaned loudly as he kept cumming into her. His back arched up, his 
  hands on her shoulders pushing down as he drove hard into her. After an eternity 
  of pure bliss he slumped down, spent, on Sehani, resting his head on the pile 
  of hair beside her. Steven felt as though the fillings in his teeth had exploded 
  and he ran his tongue over them to verify they hadn't. Sehani stretched her 
  legs out flat, her fingers tracing circles on his back. At times one or the 
  other would give a small shudder, aftershocks from the earth shaking orgasms 
  that had just occurred. 

  It was a while before either of them could move. Steven slid backwards,
  pulling out and from under her arms. Sehani rolled onto her side and sat
  up, looking at him, a big smile on her face. Steven reached for the wine
  and filled the glasses, handed her one. They sat on the blanket for a
  while, sipping the wine and letting the breeze cool them. Steven took some
  food from the basket, sandwiches and vegetables, and set them between them.
  He made no move to release Sehani's wrists and she didn't ask him to.

  They ate their lunches and then with Sehani's wrists still locked in front,
  walked out into the water and swam for a while. It was late in the
  afternoon before they gathered the things and went back to the other side
  of the island. Steven released Sehani's hands and they dressed beside the
  boat before pushing it off the beach and heading back to the ship.

  It was in Steven's cabin, where they brought their bag of clothes, that
  Steven began to talk about what had happened on the island. "I want to
  thank you for our time together today." he began. "I know I've only met you
  yesterday, but I feel that I've known you all my life. I feel an ease with
  you that I have never felt before and a kind of acceptance in you that has
  been lacking in other women I have known."

  "Steven, We are taught that the path to happiness is found in the giving
  and receiving of pleasure. That, for a man and woman to find inner peace
  and love there has to be a willingness to both give of one self and to
  accept that which is given. If each person discovers what the other wants
  he or she must be willing to give it, to make a relationship work. We are
  told that so many relationships, sometimes even before they begin, fail
  because one or both people can't commit fully to the other person's wants.
  Sometimes it's pride or arrogance that stands in the way. True, there
  often must be compromises made, but there has to be a trust and acceptance
  always when one person chooses to join with another in mind and body."

  Steven had been sitting in the chair while Sehani had stood beside him. He
  reached to her, sliding his hand up her thigh under her dress to cup her
  ass. With both hands he pulled her close to him. Sehani lifted the front of
  her dress, dropping it over his head as he pressed his nose to her,
  smelling the fresh fragrance of her. Then he moved back, letting her sit
  her bare bottom on his knees. "You make a lot of sense, Sehani. Your
  teachers are right, there is too much arrogance in this world and not
  enough consideration for others. In the business world of today you have to
  step on others to make more room for yourself. Soon the shit starts to
  stick to you and you smell as bad as all the others. There has to begin a
  letting go to enjoy what you have, accepting what you can get, and less
  worry about what you can take from others."

  Sehani looked at him and smiled. "Sometimes you have to give up a little to
  get what you really want." Sehani stood up. "Know any good places to eat in
  this town?" she asked.

  Sehani and Steven walked arm in arm out from the cabin and to the dining
  room where they took a small table in the corner. Jim had a noisy group
  around the big table in the middle. Jim waved to them when they entered and
  they waved back, Sehani catching Judith's eye and giving her a little wink.
  During dinner of fresh baked fish, salad and little potatoes and carrots
  they both talked about their lives. Steven told how he went from law school
  to work for his uncle's oil company. He began to tell her how his job was
  about negotiating contracts and settling lawsuits to the best advantage of
  their company. It was always about getting the most while giving the least,
  the exact opposite of the way Sehani had been taught to see life.

  Sehani saw that Steven was getting agitated again and she steered the
  conversation around to her life as a child in her village. There, everyone
  worked for the good of the community. If you had problems, your roof leaked
  or your crop failed there was always someone who would help you out. When
  your parents worked in the fields someone else looked after the kids,
  everyone helped each other. With the trading company's school right in the
  village the children were all given a good education.

  As Sehani told of the happiness she felt as a child in her village Steven
  began to form a different view on life. The girl was so at peace with
  herself and Steven realised that that was what had been missing in his
  life. He knew that now the oil company was doing well but next year or next
  week the whole thing could fall apart and it would all be gone. Sehani had
  little in the way of material things and yet she had the joy of life Steven
  hadn't felt in a long time.

  It was later on that they joined Jim and the others at their table for
  drinks. Sehani sat next to Judith, who told her of the reef she and Peter
  had explored that day. When the two girls wandered off to the bathroom
  Sehani whispered to her of her day with Steven, how she had made him forget
  his worries to center his attention on her on the little island.

  While the girls were gone, Jim asked Steven how his time with Sehani went.
  He told him a little about their trip to the island and that he thought she
  was a nice girl. Jim noticed a more relaxed attitude in his nephew and
  guessed that things had gone fine. He didn't press for more details for a
  change, thinking that he should just wait and see how the rest of the
  excursion went.

  Sehani and Judith returned to the dining room, many sets of eyes belonging
  to the males in the room turned to follow them as they went over to Jim's
  table and sat down. Sehani took no notice, sitting down beside Steven,
  looking at him and smiling. Steven stood and held her chair as she sat and
  ran his hands over her shoulders before sitting next to her. Their eyes
  were on each other, not paying attention to the rest of the group sitting
  at the table. Steven asked her quietly if she wanted to go back to the
  cabin. She said yes, so they stood and said goodnight to Jim and his
  friends.

  When they reached the cabin Steven locked the door and embraced Sehani,
  hugging her tightly and kissing her passionately. They made their way to the
  bed and she sat, Steven catching the hem of her dress and lifting it over
  her head. He quickly stripped off his clothes and lay beside her, touching
  her belly, stroking her hair and back. His lips moved closer to her
  breasts, taking one nipple into his mouth and swirling his tongue around
  it. Sehani held his head with one arm, taking some of her hair in her other
  hand and brushing up and down his back with it.

  Steven moved to her other breast, laying down across her knees. She reached
  down to feel the hardness between her hip and Steven's belly, circling it
  with the fingers of her hand and squeezing gently. Steven gasped and
  released her nipple from his mouth to drop his head and kiss her soft
  belly. He licked around her belly button, dipping his tongue in the little
  crater there. Then he looked up, taking her hands and pulling them behind
  her.

  "Can I lock your bracelets like this?" he asked.

  "Of course, if you would like." she answered.

  Sehani got up and looked in her bag for a lock. She came back to the bed
  and handed it to him, then sat on the edge of the bed with her hands behind
  her. Steven pulled out the key and placed it on the table beside the bed.
  Then he slipped the lock through her bangles and clicked it shut. He
  gathered her hair behind her head, spreading it over her arms and across
  the bed. She looked back at him over her shoulder, receiving a kiss on her
  lips. Then Steven pulled on her hair, drawing her down to lay on her arms
  and her hair. Steven started to rub her body and plant kisses all over her,
  starting with her face and neck and working down lower. Sehani squirmed and
  wriggled, inching closer to the middle of the bed. She brought her feet up
  to rest them on the edge of the bed, spreading her knees a little.

  Steven kissed across her belly and moved lower, licking and biting the
  course hair at her mound, moving lower, between her thighs to smell the
  freshness there. He pushed his tongue into the top of her slit, hitting
  the mark right off. Sehani jumped a little at the intense feeling there,
  rolling off her back to her side, letting one leg rest on the mattress.
  Steven lay his head on her thigh and started to lick up and down Sehani's
  sweet slit. When she moved her hands up as close as she could to her side
  Steven took her hands in his, letting her grip his hand tightly while he
  feasted on the girl's moist pussy.

  Sehani shifted her head closer to Steven. He stretched out to give her
  access to him and she took his cock into her mouth, slowly moving down the
  length of it, until it was lodged deep in her throat. Then she drew her
  head back to the tip, swirled her tongue around the head for a few
  seconds, before sliding down it again. Steven sucked her lips into his
  mouth, first one side, then the other, all the while licking her up and
  down, paying special attention to her super sensitive clit. It wasn't too
  long before Sehani drew his cock deep into her throat and clenched his hand
  tightly between hers. Her back arched and she hooked her foot behind his
  head, pushing his face harder into her crotch.

  Small tremors began to shake Sehani's body as she ground herself against
  his face, soaking it with her cum. Steven had never seen a girl squirt cum
  before and he licked and swallowed some of it. Sehani started to shake her
  head, his cock still deep down her throat. She pulled back, sucking on it
  while moving her head up and down, bringing Steven over the edge. He sucked
  hard at her pussy, then let out a long moan while filling the girl's mouth
  with his cum. Sehani swallowed it all down.

  Steven pulled his head from between her thighs and his prick from her
  mouth. He rolled onto his back, taking big gulps of air until he had
  regained some of his senses. He hooked his arm around Sehani's leg, pulling
  it over him and kissing down from her knee to her ankle. He hooked his
  fingers through her bangle and pressed his face into her foot. Sehani
  opened her eyes at these new sensations and watched Steven as he kissed
  around her foot and along the bottom. He took her big toe into his mouth,
  biting down gently and looked up, into her eyes. "You are sooo sweet." he
  said.

  Steven reached over and retrieved the key, using it to unlock Sehani's
  hands. They both got up and went into the bathroom to wash up a bit. Then
  they dressed and took a walk around the deck of the ship in the cool night
  air. They sat on a bench at the bow and held each other as they gazed up at
  the stars overhead. Sehani told him how, when she was a little girl she
  used to think that the points of light were the houses of people who lived
  far away. There were no electric lights when she was a child in the village
  and at night she would go down to the river to look up at the sky,
  wondering what the people that lived there were like and wishing that she
  could travel to those far off places.

  Steven told her of living in New York where the city lights burned all
  night and you could only see the brightest stars. He always liked when his
  family took trips into the country because he could then look up at night
  and see so many more stars.

  When they went back they stopped at the bar to get something to drink. Then
  they went back to Steven's cabin to sleep. They undressed and got into the
  bed together. Steven held her in his arms for a while, holding her closely.
  Soon he was fast asleep, with Sehani's head resting on his shoulder, his
  arm around her. Sehani lay awake for a while, not able to get to sleep.
  There was something missing, she felt. She reached over to the night table
  and picked up her lock. She slipped the shackle through her wrist bangles
  and snapped the lock closed. Then she put her hands down between Steven's
  body and hers and she was finally able to fall asleep.

  The next morning Steven awoke to find the beautiful girl pressed against
  him, sleeping peacefully. He moved the sheet down gently to admire the body
  he had so enjoyed yesterday. It was a few minutes before he noticed the
  lock between her wrists. He smiled, slowly running his hand down her arm,
  stopping to trace his fingers across her bangles, feeling the contrasting
  hardness of them against her soft skin. Sehani opened her eyes, bringing
  her hands up to take his between them. She kissed his fingers.

  They lay together for a little while, holding each other and kissing,
  before dressing and going up for breakfast. Since it was still early the
  staff were just getting breakfast ready so they took some coffees and
  walked to the bow to sit on the bench for a time. They watched as a small
  plane circled the ship, landing on the water to taxi up to the stern
  platform. Peter had radioed for a film crew to meet him, to take some
  footage of the reef. They talked about anything and everything, continuing
  the conversation at a corner table over breakfast while the other guests
  came and went.

  Sehani was curious about the reef below so after, she and Steven took some
  scuba gear and a small boat and went out to the end where the water wasn't
  so deep. Steven showed her how to use the snorkel tube to breath while
  swimming under the surface.. The colours of the reef were muted when looking
  from above but when Sehani dipped below the surface a whole new and vibrant
  world opened before her. She could hold her breath for a long time, one of
  the exercises the girls did at the trading company school, and was able to
  dive down with Steven to explore the colourful coral of the reef and the
  plants and fish living there.

  They spent all morning at the reef, taking the boat back to the big ship
  for lunch, and then to the beach on the big island with the other guests,
  to lay on the hot sand and swim in the warm waters of the lagoon. Later on
  in the evening a big bonfire was built on the beach and food and drink were
  brought from the ship to fuel a party which everyone enjoyed. Some of the
  crew from the ship brought instruments to play while the guests danced and
  sang songs. Steven and Sehani danced together and sat around the fire
  together, always holding each other closely.

  It was in the early morning hours when the party wound down and the beach
  was cleared, everyone going back to the ship to sleep. This time Steven put
  Sehani's lock on her bangles when they went to bed, and they both fell
  asleep quickly, cuddled closely together.

  At first light the next morning the ship's engines were started and the
  captain moved the boat through the narrow channel in the reef and out to
  open sea. It was in the early afternoon that they made port at the city of
  Bombay. Steven went with Sehani and Judith by car back to the trading
  company's building. As they walked into the building Sehani thanked Steven
  for the wonderful time they had had together.

  "I hope I see you again, Sehani. You have made a big change in my way of
  looking at things." Steven said to her. He hugged her and gave her a tender
  kiss before she left, her and Judith going upstairs to their room. The head
  administrator came out to meet Steven and Steven asked if they could go
  into his office for a while. Steven spent over an hour talking with the
  administrator, before taking the car to the airport to meet Jim and fly
  back home.

  That night the head administrator spoke with Sehani at the table in her
  dorm room. He said that the Brightons were quite pleased with her and
  Judith on the ship and that many of the guests made comments about the two
  lovely girls they had met. He went on to tell her that Steven had asked
  that he would like to make her his own if she would be willing. Sehani
  looked up and took the administrators hand in hers.

  "Both Steven and myself had a very nice time together these past few days."
  she said to him, smiling graciously. "Steven seems like a kind and gentle
  man. I would be very happy if he were to choose me."

  "He requested that I ask you and to let him know as soon as possible if you
  were willing to join with him." the administrator said. "He asked, if you
  were to accept his offer, that he be given one or two weeks to settle some
  business, after which he would come here to see you again. Shall I e-mail
  him to tell him you wish to become his?"

  Sehani squeezed the man's hand a little. "Yes." she said.

  When Steven arrived home after the long flight he immediately went to his
  computer and logged on to check his mail. Scrolling through the messages he
  spotted "Sehani" in the subject field and clicked on it. Although he was
  exhausted from the trip a warm feeling of exhilaration welled up in him as
  he read the message from the administrator telling of Sehani's acceptance
  to his proposal. He sent a quick reply off saying that he would return as
  soon as possible to see Sehani again.

  Steven slept soundly that night, his dreams filled with the beautiful girl
  who had made him remember how wonderful life can be. When he woke he drove
  to the city and went to his office in the oil company's building. There he
  gathered some papers together and made some phone calls. After a few hours
  of work he left to drive back to his uncles house. There he began to lay
  out his plans for the future of their company.

  A representative from one of the big multinational oil corporations had
  been making advances to Jim and Steven, wanting to buy out the smaller
  business. Before, Steven had resisted the generous offers that were
  presented to them but now he was having a change of heart. He outlined a
  strategy to Jim whereby everyone in their company would receive a benefit
  from the sale, and he would handle the negotiations with the big oil giant.

  Jim had expected that Steven would go on to run the company after he
  stepped down and was a little surprised at this turn of events. Steven
  explained that he and Jim would share about one half of the funds from the
  sale, with the other half to be divided up amongst the other employees. All
  of their companies assets would be transferred to the corporation with the
  requirement that as many employees as possible were to retain their jobs
  with the new owners.

  Jim asked him if this new attitude had anything to do with his meeting the
  girls on the ship the past few days. Steven said yes, that Sehani had made
  him realize what had been missing in his life. He told Jim that he was sick
  of the stress of making deals all day that would only benefit the company.
  He wanted to do this to benefit the people who worked hard to make their
  company what it is today. He planned to marry Sehani and to start to enjoy
  a more worry free and simpler life together with her.

  Jim saw that his nephew was serious about making a change in his life. He
  knew the boy was intelligent enough to be successful in what ever he wanted
  to do, and he gave him his consent to sell the company, and his blessings
  to join with Sehani.

  Steven met with representatives from the big oil corporation throughout the
  following week, sucessfully negotiating the sale of their company, and
  securing the jobs of all their employees. There would be enough money and
  stocks in the new company to provide generous bonuses for all the workers
  and for Jim to retire into the lifestyle he was accustomed to. Steven would
  also be able to make the changes in his life that he now wanted to do.

  By the end of the following week Steven boarded a plane to take him back to
  India and the girl who would become his wife. He arrived at the trading
  company's building in the afternoon and was met by the head administrator.
  They went into his office and in a few moments Sehani knocked on the door
  and entered. She looked even more lovely than Steven remembered and he stood
  up to hold her in a passionate embrace for a long time. Then the paperwork
  was completed and they were walked to the front door. The administrator
  shook their hands and wished them both good luck in their new lives.

  Steven and Sehani took a hotel room in the center of the city and stayed
  for five days, touring the city by day and making torrid love at night.
  They went by train and car and finally by boat up the narrow river to visit
  the village where Sehani was born. Sehani had a joyfull reunion with her
  family before introducing Steven. The village threw a big party for Sehani
  and Steven that night, later on Steven and Sehani slipping away to walk
  along the river a little ways, to look up at the night sky.

  They stayed two days at the village, Steven enjoying the quiet and relaxed
  lifestyle of the people there, before returning to Bombay and taking a
  plane to Germany, Paris and London, spending a few weeks touring around in
  each of the countries. They got married in a quiet ceremony in the famous
  Westminster Abbey in London, Then flew to New York, and settled down in a
  modest home in up state New York.

  Steven returned to the law practice, handling family law, estates and real
  estate transactions. They have three children, two girls and one boy. The
  girls were adopted from the North India Trading Company's mission in
  Thailand, The boy from a local adoption agency. They vacation in the
  caribbean each year, often renting a boat and camping out on one of the
  smaller islands in the area.

  * The End * July/1999 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dino Dave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





