BDSM Library - The Ultimate Bondage Session




The Ultimate Bondage Session
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story about incredibly intense bondage all in one session.  Includes severe CBT and mummification with head bondage given by an experienced domme.
THE ULTIMATE BONDAGE SESSION 

by pcmman
pcm_man@hotmail.com




THE ULTIMATE BONDAGE SESSION 

I felt that She was intending to make this session one which She was going 
to show me something of her expertise and experience. A session which would 
stress me to the absolute maximum... and I was right. 

She had told me that She was going to make me aware of all my parts and all 
of my holes... I believe that She meant it. I didn't really know what was 
to happen but I was going to find out. 

She talked to me first. She was very calm and relaxed about this. It was 
interesting to see her so at ease with what She was about to begin with me. 
She said that She no longer had any time pressures and She knew what She 
wanted with me. She explained that this was to be a long-term session. One 
which would last hours and hours and then into the night. The time now was 
3:30 PM. 

I could see that She had been planning this ahead of time. There were many 
things laid out or in boxes or bags around the apartment. I had played 
tennis that morning and I could see now that She had used that time to 
prepare for this session. I was beginning to wonder if this was something 
that I could endure and still be at a sexual high... 

I was ordered to remove all of my clothing. She made it very very clear 
that I was not to speak at all during this session unless She asked me to do 
so. She did not want to have her thoughts disturbed. I began to realize 
that She did indeed have all the time in the world to work on me in anyway 
that She wished... Morning did not arrive for another 18 or 19 hours! And 
I had not eaten for about four hours. I wondered if this was planned this 
way? 

I was now naked and She approached me, feeling my nipples and then my cock 
and balls. "I will be taking you nice and slowly to the most extreme bondage 
and play that you have ever done. But it will be over hours and hours, you 
will NOT rush me", She said as I tried to stay quiet. "You will be my 
bondage and little pain slut to use as I wish." Know I knew this was to be 
something I had never felt before but I also was sure that She wanted me to 
be turned on throughout the entire session... at least I hoped so :-) 

I was told to just stand there. She reached for some saran wrap and told me 
to place my arms behind me. She started wrapping at my hands and going up 
just to my elbows and then once more around tightly. Now it was the duct 
tape. As She worked it around my hands and arms She brought my elbows 
together. The wrap was done twice and done tightly and very neatly. There 
I stood with my cock and nipples now sticking out into the air. "I have 
something to gag you with my dear", She said as She went into the bathroom. 
I heard her doing something and then She came to me with a bowl and long 10 
foot rope in hand. She reached up and forced my mouth open and then shoved 
a warm very wet cloth into my mouth and then ran the rope around my head and 
onto my mouth looping it deeply into my mouth and tying it off behind my 
head. 

The liquid was warm and very salty. "Ah my slut, now you begin to taste ME, 
you have my fresh piss in your mouth!" She then tried to seal my mouth off 
with several pieces of duct tape to fit my face. This forced me to swallow 
her urine. "Get used to it, I'll be forcing you to drink it down much more 
later!" She now bound me to a chair with my feet bound back and my cock 
hanging over the edge. I looked as She took a medium size probe and pushed 
it up my cock. She played with it some and used her fingers to spin it 
around as it was deeply inside of my cock. Now She took another probe 
almost as large, showing it to me, and then slowly forcing it along side of 
the other probe. Again, She took time to use her fingers to play with the 
probes inside my cock. She spun them rotating them fast and slow, She 
reciprocated them up and down like pistons in an engine... She was trying 
to get the insides of my cock somewhat raw. I could see it in her eyes. 
She saw me looking and then slapped me. "I'll fix you looking at me my 
love", now She got some cotton and taped my eyes shut. Taking some rope 
around my eyes and head She made a halter to pull my head down behind the 
chair. She pulled and pulled making my head go back toward my feet. 

"Now I will do some real work on that cock and balls of yours slut". She 
had me just as She wanted me. My cock and balls totally exposed to her. 
She played more with the probes and placed two smaller ones inside me. She 
played and played with them like I where a toy. She seemed to really enjoy 
the reactions of my body to her play. Now I felt my cock being bound with 
all of the probes inside me. The pressure causing the probes to bite into 
my cock. 

She was using pvc tape but that did not seem to be enough for her. She 
takes up cable ties and begins placing them along the length of my cock. 
She tightens them slow oh so slowly. Very very tightly... She is not 
satisfied so She takes a pair of pliers to tighten them more, much more. The 
head of the cock must be turning purple by now... 

Now the end of the cock is tied off and pulled up and out of the way of my 
balls. "We want to isolate those things between your legs", She says. She 
pulls and massages my balls pulling them further and further down. Taking a 
piece of rope She isolates just the balls stretching them down away from my 
body. Then She begins a tight clothesline rope tie around the skin 
connecting my balls to the base of my body. She creates a looped wrap 
forcing my balls further and further away from my body. She is amazed that 
it is getting to be six inches from the base of my body with the two balls 
shaped into one round sack at the end of a roped column .... but the 
structure MUST be made final and strong. She wants it not to fall apart. 
Using black 1/2" pvc tape She totally and tightly wraps the rope up and down 
the column which now connects the ball sphere to the remote and isolated 
body. The cock and ball(?,hehehe) now look disconnected and themselves 
isolated from one another. The ball is becoming red as it hangs from it's 
column of black pvc tape. 

"Lets play with that tight ball sack" She says taking a cane in her hand. 
She holds my single sack in the other hand and lays the cane directly into 
it. Oh the pain....... The play and beating goes on for 10 minutes. At 
the end She tells me more pressure will be applied. Taking the pvc tape She 
directly applies it and begins wrapping it around and around the single ball 
sack. The pressure in the sack itself is amazing....... She completely 
covers and distributes the pressure around my balls. 

Hummmmm, She begins to look at me now. My cock is totally distorted with 
the ends of four probes sticking out the head of my cock. The head is 
almost purple. The one ball hanging low doesn't even seem to be part of my 
body any longer. "Oh my dear slut, lets play a little tune on that cock of 
yours." She reaches to her kit of tools and brings up a metal rod. Taking 
it She begins to tap the end of the probes which is poking right out of the 
front of my cock head opening. The hit of metal on metal causes a vibration 
all the way down my cock shaft. "I need to keep that cock in place a little 
more so I can play it better." My cock was standing out over the end of the 
chair. She took out a ball of string and started by tying a guide string 
right behind the head of my cock. Two strings were placed there and then 
brought back to the edges at the outside of the chair. This stabilized my 
cock so that it would not be able to move side to side. She also did this 
at the middle of the shaft. Now the cock was stable and isolated for her 
instrumental playing. She began hitting the probes again buried deep down in 
my cock. The rhythm was quick and smooth but started to become faster and 
harder. She began to hit the probe ends from the top and bottom and sides. 
She enjoyed seeing me react to the feeling inside of my cock. She took her 
time and even began to hit the probes into my cock .... tapping and hitting, 
hitting and tapping. Another metal device was picked up and now with both 
hands She played my cock in an incredible rhythm. My cock felt like it was 
no longer mine. 

She tied of this after about 10 minutes and placed a lead weight around the 
single ball that I had. She dropped it to let me know it was there. I felt 
her come around my chair and I could feel her body heat and knew She was 
close. Then... SMACK, to the side of my head was her hand. My face stung 
and the weight on my ball moved back and forth. SMACK again from the other 
side. Now with both hands She hit both sides of my face together at the 
same time. She held me now, cradling my face and head. Now She began 
tapping my eye sockets with a spoon as She held my head steady. Faster and 
harder it became and I began to get disoriented. The hitting of my head 
began again... all over, harder/softer, slower/faster.. it was 
everywhere... I couldn't understand because now I was feeling that She was 
playing on the probes in my cock again and also slapping and hitting my head 
and face AT THE SAME TIME! Did She have someone else here? Was someone 
helping her? I couldn't tell I was so disoriented by now.... 

I woke up or became more aware of myself and surroundings feeling that the 
session had stopped. It had not, it was only changing. I was no longer 
bound to the chair and my cock and balls had been released. 

"Honey, I am getting you ready for bed now... it will take a little time 
but then you can sleep as long as you want. This will be something that I 
know you have wanted to experience and I am going to take all the time I 
need to get you ready. I want this to be an experience you will never 
forget." I looked around me and I saw all types of equipment and tools. 
The thing that got my heart going was the assortment of sterile needles that 
were on the dresser. I asked her why those needles were there. "Oh my 
sweet, that is really not for you to ask, but if you must know after you are 
mummified and very securely bound for your nights rest I do intend to 
decorate your cock head with at least 10 of those." I couldn't believe what 
I was hearing. I was turned on and apprehensive as the same time. 
"Now my little slut, lets get started with your bedtime bondage." 

I could see and tell that She intended to use the Vetwrap for most of the 
mummification. First She wrapped each of my arms and hands separately in 
saran wrap. I knew She wanted to conserve on the Vetwrap. She had me 
standing and then began the tight cloth wrapping around my body just below 
my neck. She did this down to just above my cock and then up again making 
two tight passes around me. To secure it even better She used duct tape and 
made passes at where my wrists were located and at my elbows. This really 
secured me! 

I was led over to the end of the bed and told to bend over. Now She took 
some vaseline and fingered my ass hole lubricating it for what I thought 
might be one of the butt plugs. It was! Slowly it entered my ass. "This 
is not your regular plug, its inflatable." She said looking very very 
devious, sinister and excited all at the same time. The plug held itself in 
place since the neck of the plug was so much smaller than the body of the 
plug which had already been inserted. 

She told me to sit down on a stool in the middle of the room. "Now my dear 
slut, you need some fluids. Wait here while I get you something." She was 
back quickly with a glass half full of yellow fluid. "Here you are my dear, 
this is from my body and it is good for you." She brought it to my mouth and 
I turned away. "Honey, if you waste this you will receive more pain from me 
than you have ever experienced. This is good for you now open your mouth 
and drink it." She began playing with my nipples and talking with me as I 
tried to drink her warm piss. It was hard for me since I was not that much 
turned on and She knew it. She picked at my nipples and pulled on then. 
She used dental floss and bound my nipples tightly all the time working to 
have me drink her golden nectar. She worked on my cock and nipples until I 
was glad to drink from her knowing it was of her body. I had become so 
turned on by her now that I wanted to receive ANYTHING from her that She 
would give to me! She looked at me and smiled broadly. She seemed very 
happy... 

I was informed that my face and head were to be bound for the entire night. 
First the eyes. I saw that She had taken some vaseline and then used it on 
my eyebrows. Cotton that had been shaped from cotton balls into large 
single pieces were fitted into each of my eye sockets and then taped in 
place using duct tape. She was careful and sure that the cotton filled my 
eye sockets and the duct tape was fully around the eyes and keeping the 
cotton in the sockets. 

"Now that you are blind dear lets work on your hearing!" She had been 
prepared for this. I felt an ear plug stuffed very deeply into my ear 
channel. It expanded further after it was in place sealing off the opening. 
I was held over so my left ear was up as I felt a hot wax pouring into my 
ear socket, directly inside of my ear. She totally filled it until it began 
dripping out of the opening. She was working with it to actually have it 
somewhat higher than the outside of my head! It cooled with her breath and 
then solidified. Now She did exactly the same to my other ear..... I could 
no longer hear anything. I was not longer sure of my world or what would 
happen or what I would experience. 

Sitting me back up I felt the black plastic throat protector being taped 
into position. It ran from right under my chin down to the start of my 
chest. I knew why that was there. I knew She would wrap my neck, face, 
chin and head all in one cover. Yes, it was true. The wrapping began with 
nothing on my mouth except a couple of cotton balls. The VetWrap cloth did 
pass over my mouth and everything was covered at least three times with the 
wrap. My nose was left uncovered and then She took a small pair of scissors 
and cut out the cotton balls that were on top of my mouth. This let me 
speak and gave me an alternate air passage if needed during the night. 

She now walked me over the U-bolts in the ceiling and made a patchwork of 
rope holding my head and body up so I would not fall. It was relatively 
first to wrap the rest of my body in the VetWrap to completely mummify my 
body. She covered me from my knees on up all over with at least three full 
wraps. Now I was let down and with her guiding me She brought me to my bed 
for the night. Here She wrapped the rest of my legs and feet doing to 
wrapping again at least three times. I was now totally covered in black 
except for the two heavy passes of duct tape keeping my arms and hands in 
place. I thought it was bedtime now. Oh how wrong I was. 

I felt a slap, and then another... She then was working down near my 
crotch. She had cut out a small hole in the stretchy VetWrap and literally 
PULLED my cock and balls right out of the small hole. Again I began to get 
HARD. Suddenly I felt the plug in my ass begin to enlarge... it went on 
for minutes getting bigger and bigger. I was glad that I could speak so 
that I could use my safe words if needed. 

She slapped me again and then again. I was so disoriented... but now I felt 
plastic coming down over my head and face. I think it was a medium size 
plastic bag that She completely sealed off with a rope around my neck. As 
She played with my cock and I breathed my own air I felt a sharp pain around 
my cock head... my breathing got faster and I felt the pain many more 
times. It seemed like 10 individual times that I felt it but I wasn't sure, 
it was so very hard to tell. My cock was very hard and She was working on 
it and pushing down on it. My breathing was short... it seemed like She 
wanted me to CUM for her. I felt what I thought was a probe in my cock but 
I later learned that She has used an inflatable catheter inside of me and 
was blowing it up inside my urethra! My world was spinning... I didn't 
know where to go inside my own head. I felt more slaps to my face and my 
breath had less and less oxygen to use... and then I CLIMAXED... Oh God, 
it was unlike anything I had ever ever experienced before in my entire life! 

I was allowed to come down as She removed the plastic bag from my head and 
withdrew the catheter. The butt plug was to stay all night. As I was still 
relaxing She positioned my body to the center of the bed. I felt many ropes 
being tied around my body and being drawn like a spider web over all ends of 
the bed. The object here was to stop me from making any moves at all during 
the night. A rope harness was made underneath my chin and head which was 
drawn tightly in conjunction with ropes bound to my feet. I was effectively 
stretched out for my nights long needed rest. And rest I did, I slept until 
dawn. 

In the morning, I awoke and She freed me only for a short time but then and 
only then did I see what had caused the sharp pains from last night. The 
head of my cock was decorated by at least 8 needles that entered from below 
the rim of my cock and pushed their way up and out through the top of the 
head of my cock! It was hard to believe that I had slept all night long 
with my cock being so decorated with the artistry of this wonderful abuse by 
the women that I love. 


THE END (or just the beginning?) 





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  pcmman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





