BDSM Library - We Met At A Party




We Met At A Party
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Short story about one night love filled with passion, pain and pleasure.
We Met At A Party

by Julie S.

Copyright 1998. Not to be reprinted without permission of the author.




We Met At A Party

We  met at a party. He seemed to be in his late thirties. I found him 
interesting, a bit hard to talk to. There was something different about him 
that appealed to me. He was reserved, quiet and very smart. People said he 
was a real genuis, a scientist or engineer of some sort. We talked in a corner 
the whole night. He told me how he had just spent three years on a project in 
Thailand. He had many fascinating stories about the culture over there. He was 
British and had been all over the world working on engineering projects. He 
told me fascinating stories about  South America, the Middle East and all over 
the United States and Mexico. I found him interesting and he seemed to enjoy 
talking to me. He casually mentioned that he had a Phd.

As that night wore on I began to realize how truly unique this man really 
was. He was completely  different than I had seen him at the party. I asked 
him questions about the countries he visited. He spoke to me in Spanish, 
Farsi and Thai. He told me about the women he had met in Bangkok and Mexico. 
He told me how he loved the dark complexions and long silky black hair of 
Asian women. He said the women in Bangkok are famous for being beautiful and 
sexually wild. He told me wild stories about a festival in Rio. He told me 
about how Muslim women hide their beauty from all men but their husbands 
behind their veils and robes, but that he had not trouble seducing a woman  
with almond eyes, silky black hair and olive skin named Fatima. I could 
understand why. There was something about him. He told me horrible stories 
about the women in Afghanistant who are forced to cover themselves from head 
to toe and are beaten for making a noise when they walk, or being out in 
public without a man!

The more he told me about the women he had met in his world travels the more 
I felt like I could not live up to his expectations. I was not exotic, or 
wild. I was barely two years out of high school had never really been out of 
my hometown. I did not see how he could find me at all interesting after 
being with such exciting women in such exciting places. I felt naive' and 
unsophisticated.

He said he did not go out with many women, only a few interested him. He 
said he saw something in my eyes that  interested. We kissed. I  found him 
waiting for me in the parking lot after the party.  He invited me to come to 
his house.

When we got to his house he told me I had to be quiet.  He played classical 
music on his stereo. He had three unusual birds in huge bird cages and a 
huge aquarium with exotic looking colorful fish. I could hear a menacing dog 
barking in the backyard. He had a huge collection of books. He was so 
utterly fascinating. He kept the lights off in the living room and lit 
several candles around the room. I thought that was very romantic.

We started making out. I gave him my tongue on our first kiss. He was very 
sure of himself as he took his time unbuttoning my blouse and unzipping my 
skirt. He undressed me as easily as peeling a banana. He slipped off my 
heels and massaged my feet. I wriggled my hips to help him pull off my 
pantyhose. He got me down to my brand new, never-before-worn white lacy bra 
and panties and he stopped. He liked me that way. I felt self conscious in 
my underwear. He was fully dressed. I reached up to undo his tie and he 
pushed my hands away.  When I reached behind my back to unhook my bra, he 
grabbed my wrists. He would not let me undress the rest of the way while he 
played with me. I was impressed. His kisses were incredible. He has nice 
soft lips and  awesome hands. He had me panting. He complimented my tan, 
praised my body  and melted my heart when he leaned down and gently kissed 
the little beauty mark by my belly button.He praised my cheekbones, saying I 
had good bone structure. He told me I had beautiful eyes. He said I reminded 
him of a woman he had gone out with in Thailand. He would not say why. He 
was very interested in my heritage and said he was pleased that I had an 
Indian grandmother, along with French and German bloodlines. He said he 
could see the Indian in my eyes and the French in my my mouth.

His hands enthralled me. I was glad I had come with him. As we kissed, he 
drew my tongue deep into his mouth and leaned against me and I willingly 
went down, laying on my back on his carpet. He was such a good kisser and he 
liked to kiss, every where. He took the head band off me and spread my long 
brown hair across the carpet. He removed my earrings and my bracelets, but 
he kept me in me underwear and blew on me through the silky fabric, making 
it wet and warm, making me shiver. And those hands!!! Those incredible, 
wonderful hands.

He turned off the stereo, saying he wanted to be able to hear every sound I 
made. The silence intensified the passion I felt as he kissed me. He stopped 
talking to me in English and the rest of the night he spoke only in his 
strange foreign languages that I could not understand. The mystery of his 
words heighten the thrill for me. His strange words had an erotic affect on 
me. In the silence of the room, our kisses, his heavy breathing and my sighs 
were the only sounds.

After awhile he brought out a lighter and flicked it, making the flame 
flaure up big in front of me.  He held the flame up to my face, waved it 
around so close I felt the heat on my skin. In the darkened room the flame 
was hypnotic.  I found myself mesmerized, lulled. The hypnotic effect was 
heightened by his silence, the meal I had eaten and the four glasses of 
wine. I watched the flame, mesmerized, unmoving. His voice was a lulling, 
low whisper, further tranquilizing me.

He was trying to scare me and he enjoyed making me flinch. He enjoyed 
scaring me and hurting me a little. He laughed whenever he could get me to 
jerk away from the flame. I couldn't jerk away too far, because he had a 
hold of my hair. I asked him to stop, but he wouldn't. I started to cry. 
When I cry my lip trembles. He liked that. He said it was sexy. Men usually 
try to comfort me when I cry, but he didn`t.

I knew I would never forget his knowing smile and intense grey eyes. He 
really enjoyed himself. He burned strands of my hair, making it just 
disappear  with a little bit of smoke. But I didn't move. Inside I was 
terrified, but I couldn't believe he would really hurt me. My  heart was 
pounding wildly every time he brought that flame near me.

He waved the lighter around, bringing the flame closer and close to my face. 
He liked the way my eyes got bigger and bigger. I wasn't so sure anymore 
that he wouldn't hurt me. I began to wonder. He never quite burned me, but 
he came close enough I could feel the heat against my lips and cheeks.

When he got tired of that  he reached between my breasts and hooked a finger 
under my bra. He slowly pulled my bra away from me an inch or so and held 
the flame there. The flame flared suddenly, making me scream a little in 
surprise and the delicate, silky material of my bra just melted away, 
revealing my naked breasts in the flickering candlelight. He reached down 
and hooked a finger into my panties. I knelt there motionless, feeling the 
heat against my hips as he burned my panties off me.

I had not been with many men before and it is always  intensely exciting for 
me that first moment I am  naked with a man. Every sense is magnified.I 
remained motionless, watching him shyly, waiting for his reaction as he 
looked  my naked body up and down with that appraising look. I bit my lower 
lip nervously, worried that he would be disappointed with what he saw. Maybe 
my breasts were too small. This was not a guy from my neighborhood, but a 
sophisticated man who was incredibly educated and well travelled. He had 
made love to beautiful women from all over the world. How would I compare to 
some exotic Asian beauty? I felt like a common small town girl competing 
with exciting, wild Asian and South American women. I was surprised at how 
exciting it was to have my underwear burned off me that way.  I was 
breathing hard. My heart was racing. My little nipples were hard and erect. 
And I was wet.

I was reassured to see that he was noticeably arroused. I was flattered.

He brought out a hand full of blue and orange ropes from behind the cushions 
of the sofa. He did not say anything and he made a point of leaving the 
ropes in plain sight as he poured me another glass of wine. My heart was 
pounding. I knew what the ropes were for. Maybe I had never done anything 
like that before, but I am not naive. He looked me in the eye and 
smiled.

He never asked if it was okay with me, and and I put up no resistance as he 
tied me up. He took his time, whispering and kissing me as he pulled my arms 
behind my back. He knew what he was doing. He had tied up women in Bangkok, 
Rio and Kuwait City  the way he was tying me up. He  brought my arms 
together a bit painfully, wrapping the rope around my arms just above my 
elbows, making my back arch, pushing my naked breasts out toward him. He 
stroked and caressed me tenderly before he tied separate ropes around my 
wrists.   He was gentle, yet firm as he tied me tight. He was very 
methodical and precise about his knots and took a long time before he was 
satisfied with the way he had me tied up. He pushed me onto my stomach and 
tied my wrists to my ankles behind my back, making me feel definitely 
"hogtied." I had misgivings, but it was too late. I could not move! If I had 
made a mistake with this man, it was too late now.  Whatever he wanted to do 
with me, he was going to do.

He moved around me, adjusting and tightening the ropes. I laid there on my 
stomach, my arms tied tightly together at the elbows, my knees bent with my 
ankles up behind my back tied tightly to my wrists. I felt like a turkey 
being prepared for the oven!  He patted my butt soothingly and whispered 
that he found me definitely attractive this way. He told me he was going to 
introduce me to a new kind of passion. He was going to show me what I really 
wanted, what kind of woman I really was. He said he recognized it when he 
first saw me. He said he saw it in my eyes, the way I moved, the way I 
dressed. He told me I would experience more passion and excitement in the 
next few hours than most women know in a lifetime.

This man had taken such total control of me and something inside me made me 
comply. I was scared and excited. I was fighting a growing panic that made 
my heart beat so fast, yet at the same time, lying naked and bound on the 
floor made that warm glow down in my tummy, the beginning of an orgasm. My 
senses were electrified. No man had ever made me feel this way before. No 
man had ever treated me so. Somehow, it seemed right. I was still scared, 
though. I did not know what would happen next. I was trembling.  He rolled 
me onto my back. He went over my naked body with those lucious big hands, 
kneading and massaging me, rubbing me with warm oils. He kissed and licked 
every inch of my body with his warm, soft tongue, making me shiver as his 
saliva dried on my naked flesh. He nibbled my earlobes, nuzzled my armpits, 
tickling me deliciously. He sucked  my toes and licked the soles of my feet! 
He kissed me behind my knees, making me shudder with pleasure.It was such an 
incredible, soothing, sensual experience. Then he traced a feather across my 
body.  He was so skilled, so sensual. It was an exquisitely sensual 
sensation. I wondered how many women he had tickled with that feather. This 
was foreplay in the extreme. No man had ever spent so much time with me. I 
was in heaven! I shuddered, shiver, trembled and moaned as only the feather 
moved ever so lightly over my skin.No man had ever been so attentive to me.

After the feather, his fingers moved soothingly over me. And into me. His 
finger touched my diaphragm inside me. He frowned and forced his fingers 
deeper into me, moving around inside me until he could pull my diaphragm out 
of me. That was actually exciting. I had absolutely no protection from his 
sperm. He did not care what I wanted. He said I have to give myself totally 
to him. He said I am not allowed to put any barriers between him and me.

I opened my eyes when I felt a sharp, metallic sensation, scraping very 
slowly across my skin.  My eyes widened at the sight of a razor blade 
between his fingers. He was moving it very carefully along  my skin. He had 
a very serious, intense expression on his face as he focused on the razor 
blade, moving it slowly along  my arm, the inside of  my wrist, over my 
breasts.   I held  my breath, afraid to protest. He did not seem to be 
planning to hurt me, but he was very intensely involved in the razor blade 
on  my skin. The blade raised goosebumps on  my flesh as it passed over me. 
He outlined  my breasts, circled  my nipples, then scrapped it down along  
my belly and futher, circling  my vagina and tracing the blue vein along the 
smooth skin of  my inner thigh. That was  my femur artery. I knew that if he 
just knicked that artery   I could very well  bleed to death right there on 
the carpet. If that was what he wanted.   I waited for this game to play 
itself out. I bit  my lip. This was new territory for me.   I thought I had 
experienced it all with men, but I had never been treated like this.

As the blade moved along  my skin, I felt overwhelmed by the intensity of 
the moment. It was almost a ritual.  I liked his seriousness. He was totally 
focused on me, and the blade, like no man had ever focused on me before. I 
was confident this was a game, a test of  my trust. Still, I did not want to 
be cut. I had no desire to be hurt. But I did want to impress him with my 
trust.

He brought the blade back to  my throat. He held it there, pressing it 
against  my skin. Harder. Harder. His eyes were serious. He remained quiet. 
I remained passive, breathless. I looked up at him.  I felt the blade cut 
into  my skin. The cut was stinging and burning. Warm blood flowed out of 
the little cut. His face closed down. He was licking  my throat, kissing  my 
cut. I felt his tongue, warm and rough, against  my skin. I shivered. His 
mouth was closed over the wound and I felt the suction as he sucked on  my 
blood. It was strangely erotic. Like a vampire feeding on his victim.

With my wrists tied behind my back I could do nothing. I  watched him hold 
my left breast in one hand, and flick my sensitive little nipple with his 
fingers to make it stand up. He had a collection of objects -- some I 
recognized and some I didn't -- scattered on the floor around me. He held a 
strange looking metal clip with sharp, mean looking teeth over my nipple. I 
braced  myself and bit my lower lip, but I was not prepared for that sudden 
sharp pain when he  let go of the clip and it bit into my nipple. It was an 
intensely sharp, burning pain that made me cry out and writhe in my ropes. 
He held a second clamp over my other  nipple and let it snap onto my nipple. 
I could not help but gasp and cry. He liked the sounds I made and the way I 
arched my back and wriggle against his ropes in the first moments as I 
adjusted to the pain.

He left the clamps on for five minutes or so and my nipples were burning and 
he gave the clamp a twist or tightened it down even more. He liked the way 
my lower lip trembled when I was really hurting. Then he waited another five 
minutes and tightened the clamp another twist or two. I could feel them 
throbbing then. After awhile my nipples were not  feeling any pain. I 
probably could have worn those clamps all day at that point, but there would 
have been nothing left of my nipples by then. When he did take the clamps 
off, the pain was horrendous. My little nipples were on fire! It was truly 
torture, and a sharp pain that I never really experienced before. When he 
finally removed those clamps my little nipples were just crushed,  flattened 
and dented. He brushed my hair away from my face and kissed my nose. He 
called me a bitch. He was smiling sweetly when he said it. The word sent a 
chill through me. Then he told me I was a slut. No man had ever talked to me 
that way.

I was overwhelmed and confused. This man had me trembling with fear, tense 
with excitement, moaning with pleasure and gasping in pain as he played with 
me.

He put me back on my belly with my arms back and tied my wrists to my 
ankles. He praised my butt, patting it tenderly, then slapping it hard 
enough to make me cry out. He made love to me from behind. He liked that 
position, but the clamps  came off when he pressed me into the floor. He was 
pretty heavy and there was no way I could keep my chest off the floor.

He put it in my cunt first and rammed into me with an incredible speed and 
rhythm. I liked that! He  had me moaning and crying out.  While he was 
fucking me this way, he started playing with my asshole. This really got me 
hot and I started wriggling my ass and thrusting my hips back at him. He 
took his cock out and put it to the entrance to my ass. He sort of 
hesitated.

He was very gentle at first, then he just started to pump harder and harder. 
He was  really getting turned on! He was almost incoherent. I buried my face 
into a pillow as he rammed me viciously. The force of his thrusts were 
rattling the  windows so hard it seemed the glass would break any second.  I 
worried someone might hear the noise and investigate. It hurt so much it 
felt so good.

He came very quickly and his cock got soft and fell out of me. He laid next 
to me, stroking my long hair, rubbing my back, my butt with his big hands, 
kissing my neck, telling me how much he was enjoying himself. He rolled me 
over onto my side and kissed my tender nipples for about 10 minutes. Soon he 
was playing with my little clit. He moved his fingers very fast and light
over my clit and  vagina. Faster and faster. I started to pant and moan and 
he sped up those fingers. I came REAL HARD, gasping and crying, but he kept
playing with me, so I had to beg him to stop, it was hurting me. He turned my 
back to him and imediately I felt him hardening and pressing against my ass 
again. I spread my legs as much as the ropes allowed and his hard cock slipped 
right into my asshole.

His fucking was slower and less frenzied this time. He drove his weight down 
into me. He ran his hands through my tangled hair, entwining my long hair 
around his hands. He pulled back on my hair, lifting my head back, making me 
cry out in pain. He rode me like I was a horse and my hair were reins as he 
humped into me harder and harder. He drove the breath out of me. I gritted 
my teeth, bit my lower lip. There was so little I could do. He was in such 
total control.

No man had ever made love to me like this. His free hand gripped my hanging 
left breast, squeezing and kneading. His fingers found my throbbing nipple 
and pinched it cruelly as he rode me rougher and rough. I cried out and he 
took his hand away from my breast and gripped my face, forcing his finger 
into my mouth. With my head held back by his grip on my hair, and him 
ramming into my rear, he finger fucked my mouth. He went on like that 
forever, occasionally taking his hand away from my face to squeeze my 
breasts or slap my butt hard as he rode me. It seemed like forever before I 
finally felt his cock tense up inside my ass. He froze over me. He stopped 
breathing for a moment, then his cock spasmed and his come oozed down my 
thigh.

He left me lying tied up on my belly when he was finished with me. He 
ignored me, even when I asked if he would untie me. I laid there helpless as 
he picked up my purse and sat down in a big leather chair. I watched as he 
opened my purse and went through my things, going through the pictures of my 
nieces and nephews, my credit cards and fourteen dollars in my wallet. He 
checked out my perfume, my lipstick, my collection of makeup. He laughed 
when he found my little cannister of pepper spray.

I slept in his bed that night. Sometimes he held me. Mostly he slept with 
his back to me. He never untied me. During the night I felt the bed shake a 
little and I am sure he was masturbating. I laid there, falling asleep 
listening to him breathe, feeling his heart beat, feeling his warmth, 
inhaling his masculine primative musky scent. His arrousing manly aroma  
enveloped me. I woke up in the middle of the night. From the way he was 
breathing I could tell he was in a deep sleep. It took me awhile to realize 
the knot tying my wrists behind my back had loosened. My nipples still  
throbbed with pain. My shoulders ached from the way he had tied my arms. I 
quietly worked my wrists free, then freed my ankles without disturbing his 
sleep. I crept out of the room and tiptoed down the stairs, fearful that at 
any moment he might leap out of the darkness, grab me by my hair and drag me 
back to his bed. I banged my head into an open closet door. I rattled a vase 
when I knocked my knee against a table. My heart was pounding furiously. I 
was prepared to run out of the house naked and screaming if I heard the 
slightest sound from upstairs. The house was silent, though. I found my 
blouse and skirt piled carelessly around the living room. My bra and panties 
were singed and ruined. I left them lying on the floor. I dressed hurriedly. 
I did not bother looking for my bracelets or earrings.  I found my wallet 
and purse on his coffee table, but did not bother trying to collect the 
perfume and makeup scattered around the dark room. I was immensely relieved 
to find my car keys in my puruse. I could find only one shoe, so I walked on 
barefoot, carrying my shoe in my hand.  On my way through the living room I 
noticed a hook in the ceiling, a whip on the coffee table and behind the 
sofa a video camera on a tripod pointing at the middle of the room where I 
had been tied up hours earlier.

I walked barefoot into the cold air of the night, being ever so quiet so I 
would not disturb the big dog in the backyard. The thought occured to me 
that the dog must be used to women sneaking out of the house this way. If he 
did this to me on our first date, he must treat other women this way, too.

As soon as I got in my car, I locked the doors. I felt like I was escaping 
from him. He had me so confused. Was I supposed to go to the police? I 
hadn't been raped. I was terrified, yet it was exciting. He had definitely 
been a wonderful, expert lover, and if he had wanted to, he could easily 
have killed me when he had me helplessly tied up on his living room floor. 
My nipples still throbbed and my shoulders ached, but he had not really hurt 
me. I was certainly not injured. I drove down the long driveway with my 
headlights off, looking in the rearview mirror to see if he was coming after 
me.

The END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Julie S.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





