BDSM Library - A Slave's Road




A Slave's Road
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story is about a man coming to terms with his submissive fantasies versus the reality of being enslaved. The story contains FMm, foot fetish, humiliation and most other acts and desires in a D/s relationship.
A SLAVE'S ROAD

by NEIL(SEVERIN98@AOL.COM)




A slave's road....Part 1

Hi. Let me introduce myself. I'm a 38 year old attractive, sane, normal,
middle class man who happens to be a sexual submissive. I can tell you all
the crap about always having submissive fantasies for as long as I remember,
but I won't bore you with that. I accepted my sexuality a long time ago. I
have been with a few women who played, and even fewer who enjoyed the
dominant role, but it always seemed there was something missing. Even my ex
wife enjoyed being waited on hand and foot, but didn't want a permanent
slave. I had relegated the idea of finding my dream dom to strictly fantasy.
And that was all right, after all, I was the one with the different
sexuality. Then, just when I thought my life was in a comfortable,
predictable pattern, everything changed.

It all started a little over two years ago. I was reading some female
domination material on a Thursday night. It was your usual stuff, mostly
articles written by professional Mistresses. As usual I was in that
delicious horny state where I had no limits to my servitude. I started
reading a story about a wife who was training her husband to submit to her
every whim. She had him to the point where he was not only serving her
sexually, but was also doing all the housework, laundry, and even being
loaned out on Saturdays to clean her girlfriend's apartment. It was a
scenario I had read many times before, but it was still making me horny. As
the story continued, the husband became more and more submissive to her
needs. Then came the part that planted a fertile seed in my subconscious.
She told her husband this particular Saturday night she was going out with a
friend, and she expected him to be kneeling at the front door when she got
home, no matter how late. She told him he was to be wearing only pink
panties and an apron. Several hours later when she arrived home, he was
dutifully kneeling at the door. She walked in handing her husband her coat.
As hubby went to hang up her coat, she said to him "might as well wait
honey, my friend will be here any second". I was thinking she brought back
her girlfriend. A minute later the doorbell rang, and hubby was ordered to
answer it. When he opened the door, a man was standing on the porch. Hubby
froze in his tracks obviously thinking (like me) it was going to be a woman.
The wife came to the door yelling at her slave "are you just going to stand
there and stare? Let Nick in!" Nick walked right past hubby and the two
started making out right in the forum. For some reason my dick grew about
two inches. As the wife and Nick started for the living room, she looked at
hubby and told him to bring her and Nick a glass of Chablis each. When
hubby, still in shock, returned with the wine, the two lovebirds were on the
sofa. The wife had Nick's dick in her hand, lovingly stroking it. As hubby
started to come out of his shock he asked what was going on. His wife simply
stated that he was nothing more than her slave now. She said she still
needed to feel like a real woman, something he could not do any more. She
gave him the ultimatum right there; obey her totally or leave for good.
Hubby broke down crying on the spot begging her not to leave him, saying he
would do anything she desired. About this time my dick was actually
throbbing. The wife smiled wickedly at her husband's response. She turned to
Nick and said "Did you hear that Nick, our slave says he will do anything
for us." For some reason, by her using the word "our" and "us" made my dick
go into a twitching spasm. I had never had gay feelings in my life. I was
confused, but never hornier. She then told hubby to start undressing both of
them, starting with her. As hubby removed her heels, she put her nylon toes
on his mouth, looked him straight in the eye and said "Nick and I have been
lovers for months. He is moving in tomorrow. You will be responsible for
both of our needs, and I mean both! I expect total obedience from you when
Nick orders you to do something; no matter what it is. Am I understood?" The
only response was a sobbing "Yes Mistress". The wife, moving her foot to her
hubby's crotch, viciously slapped his face. "Yes Mistress and what slave?"
Hubby, not able to make eye contact, whimpered "Yes Mistress and Master". At
this point in the story, without even touching myself, I exploded into an
unbelievable orgasm.

TGIF. One more day before the weekend. It was late June in Indianapolis and
the weather was beautiful. This is the best time of year in Indiana. The
highs are in the eighty's, and it dips down into the sixty's at night. The
story I had read last night was still playing over in my head. After last
night's orgasm, I slept like a baby. Tonight I was going fishing for the
weekend with my friend Tom. Tom and I have been best friends since high
school. We had been through a lot together. Tom married his high school
sweetheart, Sheila. She was a freshman when Tom and I were juniors. I
actually introduced them to each other. I should have kept her for myself.
What a woman. Not only was she beautiful and intelligent, she was a genuine
person. Tom and her gave me a lot of support when I went through my divorce
after seven years of marriage. I could tell these two people anything. Well,
almost anything. One thing I always kept from them was my subservient
sexuality. Not that they wouldn't be understanding, I just didn't think it
had any bearing on our friendship. Besides, Tom was always making comments
on how he loved her to suck his cock, or fuck her in their boat, or make it
in public. It seemed they had a very active and healthy sexual relationship,
but just not my type of sex.

After a long day at work I came home, showered, and got ready for the trip.
Tom picked me up about six. I was surprised to see Sheila with him.
Originally it was just Tom and myself going, but Sheila's weekend plans fell
through at the last minute. She had planned to go shopping with two of her
friends in Chicago. No big deal. They had a 20 foot Ranger bass boat, a full
size Ford van, and a tent that slept six. Plus Sheila loved to fish also. It
was a three hour drive to the lake, so we stopped and got a case of Mich.
light and put it on ice. Once we were outside of the city, I reached for the
beer and passed it around. Man! That cold beer tasted good. It had been a
tough week at work, and I was ready for some fun. Tom was driving, Sheila
was in the front passenger seat, and I was sitting behind Tom. All of our
seats were the swivel captain's type that are so popular in the vans now.

Tom and Sheila were a striking couple. They had both kept themselves in
great shape. Sheila was 5'8", 135 lbs., strawberry blonde hair, green eyes,
and the most beautiful pair of legs you could imagine. Her breast weren't
huge, but proportionate to her body. Ah, and her face was uniquely sexy, a
little wide, high cheekbones, dimples, flawless skin, slightly oversized
mouth and lips, and a winning smile. Every year she became more beautiful.
Tom was 6'1", 190, black hair and blue eyes. He had olive smooth skin, and
not a lot of body hair. He had broad shoulders and defined muscles. He was a
handsome man.

They had found out early in their marriage that Sheila could not have
children. Although it was a tough blow to them, they soon recouped and
realized that a childless marriage had it's advantages too. They were always
busy fishing, traveling, sometimes taking separate vacations. They seemed to
have the perfect life.

By the way, you know all these deep, dark secrets about me, and don't even
know my name or what I look like. My name is John. I'm 5'11". brown hair and
eyes. I weigh 180 lb.. I'm not what you call a muscle man, but I do keep in
shape. I've been told I have a cute butt. Now that that's out of the way,
let us get back to the story. We were on our second beer, shooting the shit
like old friends do, when I noticed Sheila was dangling her shoe on her
toes. She had her chair turned about half way between Tom and me. She was
wearing a black halter top which showed her creamy bare shoulders and firm
midriff. It also showed about three inches of cleavage. She had on a pair
black denim short shorts. Following her long, muscular legs down to her
feet, she was wearing a pair of black, soft leather flats. She had her right
leg crossed over her left, and was just about to lose her shoe. Between her
shoe and last night's story, I was having trouble paying attention to the
conversation.

"John oh John, this is Earth to Mars" she was saying.
I finally realized she was talking to me. I looked up from her foot to
respond. She had a knowing smile on her face. At that moment I felt so
naked, as if she knew everything about me.

I finally said "I'm sorry, must have been daydreaming about those bass we're
going to catch tomorrow."

Looking me right in the eyes, she sarcastically said "Right John." At the
same time I heard her shoe drop to the floor. Her eyes didn't leave mine.
The next five seconds seemed like an hour. I could actually feel myself
getting warm. I couldn't help it. I looked down at her bare foot with her
watching me. I looked back into her smiling eyes. Something passed between
us during that moment.

"Tom, are you ready for another beer?" She asked.
"No thanks hon, I still have quite awhile to drive."
She then looked at me.
"John, get me another one."

I don't know if my imagination was working overtime or not. I mean her voice
was friendly, but at the same time a little demanding. It wasn't a question,
and there wasn't any please. I decided to test the waters a little.

"Anything the lady wishes" I said half jokingly.
"Oh Oh" Tom laughed. "You don't say that to Sheila, she'll take advantage of
you in a New York minute."

I reached for the beer, popped the cap, and handed it to her.
"Thank you John" she said a little too cheerily.
She then turned directly toward Tom, put her bare foot on his thigh. "Tom,
I've been in my heels all day, how about a little massage?"

"I've got something for you to massage right here" Tom laughingly said as he
grabbed his crotch. "You sure love to be pampered, lady."

"Look who's talking, your every bit as demanding as me" she laughed back.
Tom smiled at her "You're right, what we need is a 20 year old fox to wait on
both of us."
"Why does it have to be a female? I think a man would be much more
interesting, don't you John?"

She was watching my eyes very carefully. It was as if Wonder Woman had her
truth lasso around me. I couldn't lie.

"I guess so," I said.
"Good" Tom laughed, "then you can massage her feet."
Sheila swiveled her chair toward me. "Do you mind?"
"No, not at all," I said.
"Good," Sheila smiled. "Then why don't you move to the right chair so we can be
more comfortable."
I changed seats.
"I told you she'd take over," Tom chuckled.
"So what if I'm a little assertive? You don't mind, do you John?"

She was really putting me on the spot. I couldn't tell if Tom and her were
kidding or half serious. I checked out Tom in the rear view mirror. He had a
smile on his face, but it was more of a "cat got the mouse" type smile. I
decided to wade a little deeper.

"You can be as assertive as you wish with me," I said.
"Go for it hon," Tom smiled. "He's asking for it."
She just smiled and placed her bare foot on my thigh. God, she had beautiful
feet! I would guess she wore a size nine. She had high arches with long toes
that were a little plump. Her second toe was longer than her big toe. She
either took great care of her feet herself, or had them professionally done.
The nails were trimmed to perfection ending with the tip of the toes. They
had the European style cut where they were squared at the end. They were
polished with a clear lacquer.

I had given many massages before. Let's face it, if your a sub that's one of
the main requirements. I had even taken classes and studied reflexology. To
me, it was a labor of love. I pressed my thumb firmly right under the ball
of her foot and started my magic. In a few minutes Sheila's eyes were half
closed. She had a faint, faraway smile on her lips. I moved down to her
toes, massaging each one, and in between them as well. I moved up her tight
calves and soon had them relaxed.

Tom looked over at her face. "Damn Sheila, is he that good?"
Sheila just smiled more and said "You wouldn't believe it."
I spent the next hour pampering her. I was so tempted to put my lips on her
foot, but I somehow refrained. Right before we arrived at the lake we
stopped at a nice country restaurant and had dinner. The food was good and
the company was great. All the sudden I was looking at my two best friends
almost as if they were strangers. I had never fantasized about them sexually
before. Don't get me wrong, I have always found Sheila sexy, but just looked
at her and Tom as good friends.

We finally arrived at the campgrounds a little after nine. It seemed fairly
deserted. Probably everyone was waiting for the July 4th weekend. We found a
perfect spot. It was a small clearing surrounded by trees. I don't think
there was another camper within a mile. We had all done this many times
before, so by ten the campsite was in order, even the fire was burning. The
night was beautiful. The sky was clear, the stars bright, and the crickets
were loud. Tom and I were drinking a beer by the fire, while Sheila was
doing something in the tent. I always knew Tom never had a jealous bone in
his body, so when he asked me if I enjoyed giving Sheila a massage, I gave
him an honest answer.

"I loved massaging her, but not in the way you think," I answered.
"What do you mean by that?" He asked.
"This might surprise you coming from a man. It's kind of hard to explain,
but I....I enjoy giving pleasure more than receiving it."

He looked directly in my eyes and said "Sheila and I aren't as naive as you
think. We know there are alternative sexual lifestyles. In fact you might be
the one who's surprised."

At that time Sheila came out of the tent. She had changed into a pair of
Levi's, a red and black checked flannel shirt, and a pair of tennies. Her
thick blonde hair was a little disheveled, coming down to the top of her
shoulders. She looked perfect. She grabbed a beer out of the cooler and sat
between Tom and me. She popped open her beer and took a swig.

"What are you two talking about, fishing?"
Tom was never the one to beat around the bush.
"Nope. We we're just starting to discuss sexual lifestyles."
Sheila smiled "mmm interesting. Sounds like a good time for a little truth or
dare."
"So who goes first?" I asked

"We're all good friends here," Sheila said "So let's cut the dare part and
just be totally honest with each other. One question at a time for each
person. John you go first."

"I'm going to need another beer for this." I said.
Sheila laughed. "Must be a few dark secrets we don't know about."
"Could be."
"Better get me another one too." Tom said.
"A little nervous, Tom?" I asked.
"No, I just have a feeling once we start these revelations, no one's going
to want to leave, even for a minute."

I grabbed a couple of beers and handed one to Tom. I sat down, opened the
beer, and looked at Sheila.

"O.K. My first question is for you Sheila. Have you ever been with another
man? If so how many and who were they?"

Sheila giggled. "You don't waste any time. By the way, that's three
questions, but the answer to the first one is yes. Hon, you can go next."
The question didn't even phase her or Tom. I had a tight feeling in the pit
of my stomach. I downed about half my beer in one gulp. I knew by the time
this game was over, my two best friends would know everything about me. What
the hell, after the ride down here, I'm sure they had suspicions anyway.
"All right John. You obviously enjoyed massaging Sheila, you also admitted
your pleasure is giving more than receiving. My question is would you also
massage a man if asked to do so?"

All the sudden my mouth went dry. I took another swig. Both Tom and Sheila
were watching my eyes as if trying to detect something. I decided to be
truthful. Not only with this question but all of them, no matter how
personal. I knew they were good enough friends to accept me as I am, even if
it wasn't their thing. Once I made that decision, I felt the weight on my
shoulders disappear. I gave them my answer.

"Yes, with the right man and the right situation."
They both smiled as if my answer pleased them. Sheila's turn was next. She
looked at me for about a minute without saying anything. I was starting to
become a little uncomfortable. She seemed to be enjoying it.

"John, do you have a foot fetish?"
I paused about ten seconds, looked her in the eyes and said yes. She didn't
seem surprised. It's as if she knew my answer already, but needed my verbal
admittance. For what, I didn't know.

"Since we're on the subject of feet," I said. "Did you enjoy my massage half
as much as you seemed to? And be honest, you're not going to hurt my feelings."
"Such an easy question John. Yes I enjoyed it thoroughly. You have some very
talented hands. That's why I thought you had a foot fetish. Most men would
spend about five minutes down there, I had the feeling you would still be
there if I wanted you to."

Damn. She was so perceptive. It seemed she was always a step ahead of me. I
was also turned on like never before. She was a master at pushing the right
buttons at the right time.

"All right, my turn again." Tom said. "John, since we now know you have a
foot fetish, would you have liked to do more than just massage Sheila's feet?
The silence was unreal. I think the crickets even stopped chirping. Sheila
had an amused look on her face. Tom was also smiling, enjoying my embarrassment.
"Come on John." Sheila said "We're all friends here. Besides, I love to have
my toes sucked."

Her total honesty and casual openness seemed to have pushed me over the
line. Instead of calmly answering Tom's question, I sounded more like a
criminal blurting out a confession.

"All right! I would have loved to suck your toes. I could worship them forever!"
Instead of hearing the expected laughter, Sheila moved over and put her arm
around me.
"Don't be embarrassed. You can be yourself around us. Matter of fact, the
more we're finding out about you, the more interesting you are."

"Everybody has there own kinks" Tom said.
"Then what's yours?" I asked.
"I think you're going to find out before the night's over." Tom answered back.
"Besides, it's my turn to ask the question." Sheila said.

She had taken her arm away, but was still sitting right next to me. When she
spoke, I had a feeling my confessions were just starting.

"All right John. Now that we know you'd like to worship my feet, I'm going
to ask you a very personal question. I'm pretty sure I know your answer. If
your answer is what we think, then this part of the game is over, but our
discussion will just be beginning. Since most men with a foot fetish are
also sexually submissive, I'd like to know if you are?"

I looked at Sheila and Tom. I couldn't tell what they were thinking. They
were both wearing poker faces. There was only one answer anyway, the truth.
"Yes, I am a sexual submissive, subservient, slave, what ever you wish to call
me."
As soon as I said that, I could feel the blood rushing to my face. I hope I
didn't sound like a pervert to them. They both looked at each other and smiled.

"We were hoping you'd say that." Tom said. "As I said earlier, Sheila and I
aren't as naive as you might think. Since you've been doing most of the
confessing, let us do some of our own. We've been swinging with the same two
couples for almost ten years."

I was shocked at his statement. I didn't say anything.
"We're very good friends with them, John." Sheila said. "And we have an
agreement that no one goes outside of the circle unless everyone knows. That
never happened until about two years ago. That's when one of the couples
acquired a slave. All of us had talked about D&S relationships before. And
we have read a lot of material on it. However, no one in the group is
submissive. The other two couples are very open sexually, but are as
demanding as Tom and I. Well, almost as demanding. Anyway, the other couple
kept going on how great it is to own a slave. So we asked them if they would
mind bringing her to our next party."

"We enjoyed her so much" Tom said. "Not only did we use her that night, the
couple loaned her to us for the entire weekend."

"God, it was great getting up the next morning and not having to worry about
cleaning up the mess. She even brought us the paper and served us coffee in
bed," Sheila smiled. "And of course the best part was the sex, she truly
loved to serve. After that weekend we knew we had to find a slave for our own."

"We placed an ad in some magazines," Tom said "And even interviewed a few
potentials, in public places of course. But none of them seemed to be just
right."
"As you know John," Sheila said "Both of us have good careers going for us.
We have to be very careful with whom we play with, especially when entering
this lifestyle. We decided after several interviews that going with a
stranger wouldn't work."

"We almost gave up," Tom said "It just wasn't worth the risk of getting
involved with someone who could ruin your life by exposing you to the wrong
people. I mean, let's face it, most of society still thinks that D&S is
whips and chains. They don't understand how mentally erotic it really is.
God, the worst turnoff I could imagine is forcing someone to do something
against their will."

"Like Tom said, we had almost given up. Then last month I was shopping
downtown and I ran into your ex. You know we always got along well with
Susan. It was a shame you two couldn't work it out. Anyway, we decided to
have lunch together. We had a couple of glasses of wine too many and started
to talk about sex. Susan was saying she was very happy with her new husband
in almost every way, but still missed your special talents. Of course my
interest peaked. I asked her what were these special talents you had. She
said she better not say. We had a little more wine and she spilled her guts.
She told me you loved being a slave to her. She said you loved going down on
her for hours. Susan also told me all about your foot fetish. She told me
the sex became more and more D&S orientated. After a while it was too much
for her. I guess you wanted to serve her full time, and she wanted a lover
too. She still has fond memories of you. She's tried to get her husband
Scott to submit a little, but I guess he's not the slave type. She even said
the best of both worlds would be to have her husband as her lover, and you
as her slave."

"You should have seen how excited Sheila was when she came home late that
afternoon." Tom said. "I thought she ran into the biggest sale of the year.
I asked what she bought, and she told me nothing. Then why all the
excitement I asked. She told me she had some possibly very good news, and we
should go out to our favorite restaurant and talk about it. I asked her just
to tell me now, but she insisted this could be worth celebrating."

"Tom and I got a booth where we had total privacy. I got right to the point
with him. Are you still interested in a slave, I asked. Tom almost choked on
his drink. Of course I am he answered. I told him I think I might have found
the perfect person, but there might be one problem. What kind of problem he
asked. The person is a man, I told him."

"Before she goes any further John, let me explain something first. I'm not
gay. I have had some bi experiences with our circle of friends. I'm not
going to lie to you. I really like being sucked by another man, but I don't
like reciprocating. I guess it's kind of a power rush when I see another man
down on his knees giving me head. And man, Sheila really gets hot watching."

I couldn't believe I was hearing this. It was like I was in a trance. They
were so open, so confident. Even when Tom admitted he was bi, he didn't
hesitate a second. I was speechless, but hanging on to every word.

"Tom didn't seem shocked when I told him it was a man." Sheila said. "Of
course he asked who it was. I told him it was someone we both knew and
trusted. He was really curious now. I then told him he's one of our best
friends. Tom said, you mean John? The one and only, I said. I went on to
explain that I had lunch with Susan and how she gave me the scoop on you.
Tom and I talked about you for hours. When we got home, we talked about you
for half the night, then had some of the best sex we've had in a long time
the other half. That was the night we came up with the scheme to get you
away for the weekend. I didn't have any plans to go shopping. This whole
trip has been carefully planned. We're not trying to set you up, John. This
is the only way we could be sure. You will always be one of our best
friends. If you decide you don't want this relationship with us, nothing
changes. We totally understand and accept your decision. If you decide you
would like to serve us, you will still be our friend. However, you will also
be our slave. We are very demanding John. We will not do anything against
your will, but we will always be trying to expand your horizons. We have
educated ourselves enough on this lifestyle to know that a true submissive
really craves that feeling of being owned. Believe me when I tell you this
John, if you decide to submit to us, we will own you."

"We have a lot to talk about tonight John." Tom said. "We have questions for
you, and I'm sure you have plenty for us. If you do decide to serve us, you
should know that Sheila will be doing most of the training. It was her idea
originally to find a slave. However, you will be serving both of us. The
idea of you, and not some stranger, submitting to our every whim really
turns me on."

"Before we go any further" Sheila said "Tom and I need to know if we are
wasting ours and your time talking about this possibility. I know we have to
discuss lots of details, but does the idea of being our slave appeal to you?"

The feelings I had at this moment were indescribable. I was turned on beyond
belief. I was also scared as hell. I felt like I was in some erotic dream. I
had absolutely no doubt I wanted to serve them.

"The idea of being your slave," I said, "would be a dream come true. I have
been with a few women who played the dominant role. It was a short term game
to them, just another variety of sex. Don't get me wrong, I was grateful for
them trying out my fantasy, but it seemed it was never really their fantasy.
You can't imagine how many times I've dreamed of being truly owned."

Both Sheila and Tom smiled broadly. I could tell my answer pleased them very
much.
"Now that we know you find the idea appealing, let's cover the possible
obstacles." Sheila said. "John, the only way we can get past this next part
is to be very direct and honest. You will be expected to serve Tom sexually
as well as myself. Do you have a problem with this?"

"I'm not gay, and I've never been with another man. But I am a sexual
submissive. Last night I was reading a story about a husband who served his
wife and her male lover. Before I could finish the story, I had a very
explosive orgasm. So, the answer to your question is I don't think I will
have a problem with serving both of you."

"Well the biggest obstacle is out of the way," Sheila smiled.
I sensed they were both relieved after my answer.
"Now I'm going to tell you what will be generally expected of you John. If
you have any comments or questions feel free to jump in. You will not be
allowed any sexual relief without our permission. You will not only be
serving us sexually, but in many other ways also."

"What are some of the other ways?" I asked.
"Maid, chauffeur, cook, even as furniture." Sheila laughed. "Don't you think
John would make a great footstool, Tom?"

"You know, he would look good in front of our family room sofa," Tom chuckled.
"We're not sadist John, but you can expect a certain amount of discipline,
especially during the early training period." Sheila said. "You will also be
expected to perform some very humiliating tasks."

"And what might those be?" I asked.
"We have to have some surprises, John," Sheila smiled.
For the next minute Sheila and Tom both watched me closely. The night
sounded so eerie. The crickets, the crackling of the fire, the leaves
rustling from a light breeze. They all sounded amplified. I was waiting for
their next move. Then Sheila spoke.

"John."
"Yes Sheila"
"I have outlined what will be expected of you. If you do decide to submit,
your servitude will start immediately. Your code word will be red. Anytime
you truly just can't take anymore, no matter what it is, then use the code
word. We will stop immediately. I realize there will be times you will be
begging, even crying for mercy. If you do not use the code word John, there
will be little or no mercy. Do you understand everything I have discussed?

"Yes" I answered
"Are you ready to make your decision?" Sheila asked.
"Yes"
"Then what is that decision, John?"
"I would be honored to serve you both" I smiled.
Tom scooted over right next to Sheila. They both hugged and kissed each
other. I almost felt like an outsider looking in. Then Sheila looked at me.
Her eye were filled with lust. She spoke with softness, calmness, and total
confidence.
"It's been a long night John. Tom and I are going to retire for the night.
You will put out the fire, clean this mess up, and then ask permission to
enter our tent."

"As you wish Sheila" I said.
"We might as well get this straight now John. When we are in private you
will address me as Mistress, Ms. Sheila, or maam. You will address Tom as
Master or sir. Is that understood?"

"Yes Mistress." I said.
Sheila turned her attention to Tom. "I think he's going to be well worth the
wait."
"I couldn't agree more" Tom smiled.
"We'll see you inside the tent in no more than fifteen minutes, slave." Sheila
said.
"And make sure the fire is completely out." Tom added.
"Yes sir." I replied.




A SLAVE'S ROAD...PART 2

Sheila and Tom went inside the tent leaving me with my chores. I noticed as
soon as I committed myself, their attitudes changed immediately. I sensed an
aloofness in them, as if they were better than me. I was a nervous wreck. I
had never been so excited and scared in my life. I was dizzy with lust. I
soon had all the beer cans put away, made sure all the food was protected
from the raccoons, and put the fire out. I walked to the entrance flap of
the tent. I heard them talking and laughing inside. I tapped on the canvas door.

"Yes?" answered Tom.
"May I have permission to come in sir?"
I heard them talking to each other, but they kept their voices low enough
where I couldn't understand what they said. Sheila spoke next.

"We want you to get on your knees slave, and crawl in our tent. You will
come just inside the door and wait for further instructions."

I dropped to my knees. I then opened the flap and crawled in. The inside was
illuminated softly with a lantern. The tent was very spacious. You could
easily stand up in it. Of course, I didn't have to worry about that. A twin
size air mattress was centered against the back of the tent, laying
lengthwise from back to front. It was covered with a white sheet. Light blue
blankets were turned down about half way down the bed. Two large feather
pillows lay at the head. I noticed a single air mattress was laying at the
foot of their mattress. It had a sheet and blanket of it's own. The head
area was at the left foot of their mattress as you faced toward the end. It
had no pillow.

As I was taking all of this in, Tom and Sheila were smiling at me. Tom was
sitting in a lawn chair to the right of their bed. He had on a dark blue
terry cloth robe. I don't know what was underneath. His legs and feet were
bare. Sheila was standing to his right, between him and the mattress. She
had removed her jeans but still had on her red and black checked flannel
shirt. It wasn't buttoned at all. Through the opening of the shirt I could
see her breast were bare. I could also see she had on black bikini panties.
She had put a gold anklet on her left ankle. Her left hand was on her
husband's shoulder and her right hand was holding a collar and leash. She
looked positively beautiful. It was Sheila who spoke first.

"We want you completely naked slave. Fold your clothes and put them at the
foot of your bed. Then crawl over and kneel in front of us."

I did as she ordered without saying a word. I was now kneeling in front of
them. I could smell Sheila's perfume. It smelled faintly of an exotic
wildflower. Sheila spoke again.

"You're not what you really called well hung, are you? No matter, you won't
be using it much anyway. Tonight you are going to start getting used to the
smells and tastes of our bodies. You will only touch us when told to do so.
You will also wear this collar as a symbol of your submission."

Her voice wasn't stern. She wasn't yelling. She was even smiling when she
was talking to me. She was cool and confident. I found her so sexy. My dick
was starting to grow.

She stepped right in front of me. Her mound was no more than two inches from
my face. I could actually smell her excitement. She placed the collar around
my neck and fastened it. She then attached the leash. She patted my head.

"Your such a nice dog" she chuckled. "Do you know any tricks?" I was silent.
She suddenly jerked the leash....hard.

"Heel!" she commanded as she pulled me to her right.
I heeled by her side. She walked in front of me about six feet, the length
of the leash. She stood their smiling at me, feet slightly apart. Tom was
sitting comfortably in his chair, ankles crossed in front of him, and a
large smile across his face. He was truly enjoying this show. He had untied
his robe. He was playing with himself. His cock was rock hard. It was also
quite large. A good eight inches, and thick. He was much larger than me.

"Crawl!" Sheila pulled the leash toward her. I knelt right in front of her.
"Roll over on your back, dog." I laid on my back with my head at her feet.
"Your such an obedient little dog" she teased.

She then stepped over my face, and sat on the edge of the air mattress. I
was laying about two feet away. She had her knees bent so her heels were
touching the edge of the mattress. She then crossed her left leg over her
right. Her foot was swinging over my face. God, what a beautiful sight! Her
toes looked so long and plump. Her arch so high. The ankle bracelet was the
perfect touch. Her foot kept getting lower and lower. It was now an inch
above my face. I could smell it's aroma. The combination of her foot being
in her leather flats and tennies all evening gave off an earthy sexy smell.
It was intoxicating. She finally lowered her foot onto my face. The smell
and feel of her foot on my face was overwhelming. I never felt more
submissive in my life. She then spoke.

"I'm ready to see just how good your mouth is, slut. I want you to worship
my foot from heel to toe. If you do a good job, I'll let you do the other.
I started at her toes. Slowly and sensously sucking them, licking in between
them. I could taste and feel a little toe jam in my mouth. I savored it like
fine caviar. My passion kept growing. I was a madman inside, trying to stay
half way calm on the outside. I continued down her sole, nibbling gently
with my teeth at the ball of her foot, kissing her instep, sucking on her
heel. I noticed her breathing was growing quite heavy. This gave me a sense
of pride that I was pleasing her. I knew her spell was being wound very
secure around me.

"mmm," she groaned. "You were born to serve!"
She then uncrossed her leg, laid back on the mattress, and placed her other
foot on my face. Her left foot rested on my chest.

"Worship" was the only word she said.
I worshipped her other foot with as much or more passion than the first. She
was really turned on, moaning when my warm wet tongue snaked between her
toes, and lapped at her sole. I could smell that her pussy was getting more
excited. I glanced over at Tom. He was stroking his cock, obviously getting
off on my slavish actions. His eyes met mine and the corners of his mouth
turned up in a slight smile. I turned my attention back to worshipping his
wife's foot.

Then Tom got up and stepped above my chest, one leg on each side of me,
facing my head. He once again locked his eyes on mine. He then removed his
robe, and threw it on the chair. His huge dick seemed to have a life of it's
own, throbbing above me. He stroked it a few times never taking his eyes
away from mine. He then stepped over me and laid beside Sheila. They started
making out with incredible passion . Soon they were going at each other like
a couple of animals. I saw Sheila's shirt land on the floor beside me. I
just watched in awe as these two people made love. I could see Sheila's hand
grasping her panties while Tom was on top of her, fucking the hell out of
her. Their moans were growing louder and louder. You could tell they were
reaching their peak. Soon, they were both screaming, each having an
explosive orgasm.

It got very quiet. I could hear the crickets again outside the tent. Then I
heard them whispering sweet nothings in each other's ears. Sheila's voice
almost startled me.

"John?"
"Yes Mistress?"
"Lay on your back on the mattress at the foot of our bed."
"Yes maam."

I laid down as she instructed me to. I heard them whispering something, then
chuckling. The lantern was still burning. I heard someone get up. The foot
steps were coming towards me. Sheila was standing by the head of my
mattress. She looked down at me and smiled. She was naked, but holding her
black panties against her pussy.

"As I told you earlier John, you need to get used to the taste and smells of our
bodies."
She was rubbing her panties inside of her crotch.
"I can't think of a better way to get started than to taste my cum soaked
panties the rest of the night. Open your mouth."

I opened wide. She stepped above my face, and took the panties away. A glob
of cum fell out of her pussy and landed on the right side of my face.

"Oh. We can't waste that now, can we?"
She then scooped up most of the cum with her toes, and stuck them in my
mouth. It tasted salty.

" Make sure you get it all, John. I don't want sticky toes" she laughed.
Tom was sitting up in bed watching the entire show. His dick was already hard
again.
After I cleaned the cum completely off her foot, she then sat on my chest.
Her bare pussy was actually touching me. I felt honored. Her pussy was
beautiful, soft lips and a small triangle of reddish blonde pubic hair. It
had been perfectly trimmed. She told me to open my mouth again. She then
stuffed the soaked panties inside my mouth. I could immediately taste both
her and Tom's cum. At first it was so strong, but after their juices started
mixing with my saliva, and I started swallowing, it became more mellow.

"I want those to stay in there all night. Is that understood slave?"
I nodded my head yes.
"Good, and don't jack-off either." She patted my cheek a couple of times
with her hand. "Sleep well" she laughed. She then got up and instead of
walking around me she stepped on my chest on her way back to bed. I was so
horny, my balls were starting to hurt. Sheila stopped about half way up
their bed. She laid next to Tom, with her head at his crotch. She started
going down on him. She made sure I could see everything perfectly. She
turned and looked at me.

"Watch carefully, you may be next." she said.
Tom started moaning louder and louder. When he was ready to cum, she climbed
on top of him, and fucked the hell out of him. Once again, they both had
intense orgasms. Tom reached over and turned down the lantern.

"Good night slut," Tom said.
"Good night sir," I muffled through the panties.
Sheila and Tom fell asleep holding each other. I had a serious case of blue
balls. I couldn't help it. I stroked my dick a couple of times and came all
over the blanket. I soon drifted off to sleep.

I awoke with a foot in my face. Sheila was standing above me smiling down at
me. She had already freshened up and changed into a pair of jeans and a
T-shirt. She was still barefoot. Tom was putting his shoes on.

"Wake up sleepy head," she chirped. "You've got breakfast to cook."
She kicked the blanket off me. Her smile left her face and her eyes narrowed.
"What's this, John," she asked, pointing her foot to a wet spot in the blanket.
I took the panties out of my mouth. "I.......I couldn't help it," I
stuttered. "I was so horny I needed relief."

I had never seen Sheila mad before. I'm sure Tom and her had their
arguments, but she was always pleasant in front of me.

"Get on your knees, NOW!" she ordered.
I obeyed. She put her hand under my chin, forcing my face upward. She
lowered her face about a foot away from mine. When she spoke her voice was
low, almost a whisper.

"You've committed your first mistake. When I tell you to do something, you
do it. When I tell you not to do something, then don't do it."

"But my balls were".........
SMACK
She slapped my face with such force, I fell over. I couldn't believe she hit
me. By this time Tom was by her side, looking on. She rolled me on my back
with her foot. She was deceivingly strong. She put her foot on my chest and
leaned her weight on it. Her eyes narrowed again when she spoke.

"There are no excuses when you're a slave. This is not a damn game John. If
you're not serious about this commitment, then we'll end this relationship
right now. Am I understood?"

"Yes Mistress," I stammered.
"Then get your ass out there and cook our breakfast. We want scrambled eggs,
bacon, and coffee. We'll deal with your punishment later."

"Yes Maam."
She took her foot off me and walked away. I got dressed, went outside, and
started the fire. By the time they came out, the coffee was made and I was
just mixing the eggs. They bought out two lawn chairs and sat down in them.

"We'll take some coffee over here" demanded Tom.
"Yes sir," I replied. "Sugar or cream?"
"Black for both of us," Sheila said.
I served their coffee. She seemed like she was in a better mood. At least I
hoped so. I could still feel the sting in my cheek. I would have never
guessed she was so dominant. I actually feared her a little bit. Not that
she would lose control and injure me, but that she would totally break me
and really enslave me. But wasn't that what I wanted? Now that I could see
it could actually happen, it scared me. I was confused, and I sensed that's
exactly how she wanted me at this stage.

I served up two plates of eggs and bacon and served it to them. I then
walked back and started to fix myself a plate.

"What do you think you're doing?" asked Tom.
"Just getting something for myself, sir"
"We still haven't forgiven you for cumming without permission," Tom said.
"You can come over here and beg for scraps."

I walked over to them. I didn't know what they wanted me to do. Sheila let me
know real quick.
"On your knees slave," she said.
I kneeled before them. They sat there eating their breakfast as if I wasn't
there.
"I need someplace to put my coffee," Sheila said.
"Not a problem," Tom answered. "We can use our little slave here as a table.
Move between our chairs, and get on all fours."

I crawled around so I was facing the same direction as them. My back was
even with the chairs, my head extending out. Sheila put her coffee mug on my
back first.

"Oh! It's hot" I said.
"Here, let me see if I can even the heat out a little," Tom said. He then
put his mug on his side of my back. I tightened my jaws and with stood the
pain. They carried on once again as if I wasn't there. Sheila had on a pair
of flip flops, and was swinging her foot right in front of my face. She
obviously would use at every chance my weakness for her feet. God, she knew
just how to manipulate me. She was becoming a goddess in my eyes.

After Sheila was through eating, she got up and filled her plate with more
eggs and bacon. When she came back, she placed the plate on the ground in
front of my face. Tom removed his mug off my back. I could feel his hand on
the back of my head pushing my face toward the plate. He let go when I
started eating. Sheila was still standing in front of me. I watched out of
the corner of my eye as she slipped off her right thong. Her bare foot
raised up, and then I felt it's pressure on my neck. She pushed hard,
grinding my face in the food. "Eat hardy" she laughed.

I ate everything on the plate, even licking it clean when I was through. I
then cleaned up the mess while Tom and Sheila got the boat ready. When
everything was ready, we trailered the boat down to the ramp.

A Ranger bass boat is the Rolls Royce of bass boats. This boat was huge. It
was 20' long and had a 9' beam. The two fishing seats were front and rear on
elevated decks. Large storage spaces were under the decks. The middle area
was sunken, with luxurious seating that curved around one side. It had
enough electronics on it to navigate the space shuttle. Tom and Sheila were
serious when it came to bass fishing, however this trip it was second fiddle
to my training. It was already 10:00 AM. Normally these two would be on the
water at daybreak. Tom launched the boat in the water, and parked the van.
Sheila and I waited in the boat at the dock. While Tom was walking down to
us, Sheila took off her jeans and T-shirt. She was wearing a black thong
bikini. Her breast were spilling out of her top, while the bottom was just a
string up the crack of her ass, around her hips, and a patch of material
barely covering her mound. Her ass was beautiful. It wasn't skinny. It was
what I call a woman's ass, creamy smooth, rounded, and firm. There was also
no tan lines, not even behind the strings. She pulled out some suntan lotion
and handed it to me.

"Here, make yourself useful," she smiled.
As I was putting the lotion on we started to chit chat. It was almost like
old times, before I was their slave. Her voice was friendly and she was smiling.
"So," she said "I haven't heard you use the code word yet, so I assume
you're handling your servitude all right."

"To be honest, I haven't even thought about it. I can't imagine anything
that I wouldn't do for you two."

"Oh," she laughed. "We haven't even started yet. But I appreciate your
attitude. Even after you accepted our offer, we had doubts if you were truly
submissive enough. In fact, we still do. That's why we're really putting you
to the test this weekend. If you can't handle this weekend, then there's no
use to continue this relationship."

"What if I pass your test with flying colors?" I asked.
She looked right to my soul again with those big, green eyes. She paused a
couple of seconds as if to bring importance to her next statement.

"Then the real slavery begins. We have long range plans for you John. This
isn't some weekend fantasy for us. Tom and I have been looking for someone
like you for almost two years. So if you're for real, you'll be a very
important part of our life, like an extension of our little family. Even
though you'll be used and abused, we'll still love you in a special way.
Does that make sense to you?"

It's as if what she said, was what I had always craved, but could never
quite see it that clearly, until now. As strange as it sounds to most
"normal" people, I know I could never be happy, for long anyway, in a
relationship where I wasn't a slave. But, like everyone else I also have
basic needs of being loved and needed. My submissivenes is a part of me that
goes back as far as my memory, long before I knew that sex even existed. It
seemed she intuitively knew this. My intuition was telling me that she had
always had dominant sexual feelings. Maybe they were dormant for part of her
life, but this came to natural for her to just be acting from text. By the
time my mind processed what she had said, it was too late to really respond.
Her smile told me I didn't have to.

As I finished rubbing her lotion on, Tom finally arrived from parking the
van. He sat in the driver's seat, Sheila next to him, and I along the side
seat. We idled out of the ramp area, then Tom put the gas to the 200 horse
Yamaha. In no time at all we were cruising at 50 M.P.H.

Patoka reservoir was the biggest body of water in Indiana. It was almost
20,000 surface acres. You could fish parts of it, where you wouldn't see
another boat all day. It was located in the southern part of the state,
which is all hills and trees. The closest town is French Lick. No, I am not
making this up. French Lick is known for two things. During the 1920's and
30's it used to be the resort getaway for the Mafia kingpins. Al Capone had
a luxurious hotel built here. They had natural sulfur springs that everyone
back then thought was therapeutic. The hotel actually had these sulfur baths
that the guest paid big bucks to soak in. The second thing French Lick is
known for is it is the home of Larry Bird.

Anyway, enough of French Lick history. We went about eight to ten miles up
the lake, and turned in a large bay. There were a few boats fishing the
mouth, but after we went in a little, we were alone. Tom pulled the boat
about twenty feet from a wooded bank. He turned off the outboard, moved to
the front fishing seat, and started using the electric trolling motor to
slowly fish parallel to the bank. Sheila sat in the rear fishing seat, and
started casting. I grabbed a rod and started to fish standing up from the
middle.

"John," Sheila said. "You won't be fishing today. You'll be too busy taking care
of us."
"As a matter of fact, I could use a coke," Tom said.
I put the rod down, and went to the cooler to get Tom a coke. Meanwhile, he
stripped off his jeans and T-shirt to reveal red swim trunks. They were the
long style that ended about six inches above his knees. Tom and Sheila
already had good tans this year. Sheila's wasn't real dark, just enough
color to give her that healthy outdoorsy look. Tom was always dark in the
summer, even in the winter his skin was an olive color. I handed Tom the
coke, and asked Sheila if she wanted anything.

"Not now," she said. "But aren't you getting a little warm in those jeans?"
"I'm fine, maam" I answered. "Besides I didn't bring my swim trunks anyway."
"That's not a problem," she responded. "I'll get you a pair out of the storage."
"That's not necessary maam."
"I insist" she smiled.

Sheila went to the storage and grabbed some clothing. She then turned
around, and tossed it at me. I was holding a pair of a woman's pink bikini
bottoms. My face felt like it turned the same color as the bikini.

"Strip," Sheila teased, "and put them on."
I looked around and saw no one. I took off everything, and put on the
bottoms. They were tight, but I managed to get them on. They barely covered my
dick.

"Turn around, we want to see how cute you look," Sheila smiled.
I did as she asked. I noticed Tom had quit fishing and was enjoying the show.
"Nice ass," she said. "But something is missing."
She had a mischievous smile on her face. She returned to the storage
compartment, and tossed me another piece of clothing. It was the matching
top. I was mortified beyond belief.

"Put it on," Sheila demanded.
I hesitated. I couldn't help it. It was so humiliating.
"NOW!" she commanded.
I obeyed. She walked behind me and tied the back. She then made me walk in
front of her and Tom like some kind of model.

"Swing those hips a little," Tom ordered.
I started swinging my hips and acting more feminine. They were both smiling,
but not laughing. I could tell it was turning them on.

"Our own little sissy slut," Sheila mused.
"Gets me hot just thinking about it," Tom answered back.
"Just a couple more accessories to make him perfect." Sheila said.
She then reached for her purse and took out a pair of large dangling, gold
earrings. She clipped them to my ears.

"We're going to have to get those pierced eventually," she said.
She then went back to the storage and got the dog collar and leash I wore
the night before. She attached it to my neck, and snapped on the leash.

"The final touch," she smiled.
I am not a transvestite. I have never had a desire to go home by myself and
get dressed up. But, the humiliation of being forced to dress and act like
their slut had a very profound effect on me. My dick was so hard, the head
was poking out the top of my bikini.

"My my," Sheila teased, as she massaged my hard-on. "I do believe he enjoys
this."
"Sure seems that way. You know what Sheila, I think when he's wearing
feminine attire, he should have a feminine name," Tom smiled.

"Good idea, hon. Something similar to his real name. I've go it. How about
Joanie?"
"Perfect," Tom said. "I got my first blow job by a girl named Joanie."
"I'm sure this Joanie will be much better." Sheila laughed.

"I'm getting so damn hot thinking about all the possibilities," Tom said.
"And just think, if everything goes right, he's, or should I say she's ours
anytime we want. At our beck and call 24 hours a day. Do you think you can
handle that.....Joanie," he asked.

Sheila was still rubbing my dick, feeling it grow more, knowing that I was
turned on every bit as much as they were.

"Yes sir," I answered. "I'll always look forward to serving the two of you
anytime you wish."
"We'll see," Sheila smiled. "Tom, let's head on back to our special spot."
"John, I mean Joanie," Tom said. "You can drive the boat while I spend some
time with my beautiful wife."

"Yes sir"
I got behind the steering console and idled further back into the bay.
Sheila and Tom sat in the long seat running along the side. Sheila was in
the corner, holding the leash, while Tom was seated on her left. They
started passionately making out. Sheila pulled down Tom's trunks and he
kicked them off. He was totally aroused. Sheila was stroking his dick while
they were kissing. After idling a couple of miles back, they finally separated.

"Pull over there under that big oak tree and anchor the boat," Tom said.
I did as instructed. It was a perfect spot. This far back the bay was more
like a wide creek in the middle of a hilly forest. The trees were so thick,
the sun was almost completely blocked out. Sheila stripped out of her suit,
and they the resumed making out. I felt like a voyeur. Sheila then tugged on
my leash. She pulled me in front of her, reached behind my head and forced
my face to her crotch. This was all done without missing a beat with Tom.
Their seat was less than a foot off the floor, so I was half kneeling and
half laying.

Her pussy tasted like honey. God, she was creaming so much, and I was
lapping it all up. I started kissing and nibbling the outside of her mound.
I then moved into her crack, slowly licking from the crack of her ass to the
top of her cunt. I eventually started to zero in on her clit. It was like a
miniature dick. I was gently sucking, nibbling, and licking it. I could stay
down here forever. After about fifteen minutes, she exploded into an orgasm.
I kept right on eating her. I was so into serving her, her voice startled me.

"Look at him Tom, he truly loves this."
She then pulled my head up and looked into my eyes. She had a serious look.
I sensed my life was about to take another leap down the road to slavery.
When she spoke, her voice was soft and strong at the same time.

"I think it's time you start learning how to serve the other half. Do you
think you're ready?"

"As I told you before Mistress, I have never been with a man. But not only
will I do as commanded, I will look on it as a privilege."

"I won't be too hard on you the first time," Tom said.
Sheila handed Tom the leash. He pulled me over so I was kneeling in front of
him. His cock was about half hard and dripping with pre-cum. He looked into
my eyes and spoke.

"When you're serving me sexually, sir won't be good enough. I want to be
addressed as Master. Am I understood?"

"Yes Master," I said.
"Good," he smiled. "Now that we've got that straight, we can begin your
lesson. You obviously know what feels good to yourself, so that will be a
good place to start with me. You know, licking the underside of my balls,
sucking my balls, licking my head, and of course deep throating me. The last
part might take a little practice, but you'll get the hang of it after
you've choked a few times."

Talk about butterflies in your stomach, I was scared shitless. It's just
that I never had even fantasized about another man, and here I was about to
suck the dick of my best friend. Sheila sensed my apprehension.

"Don't worry Joanie," she said. "The first time is the hardest, and I'll
guide you the whole way."

Her voice sounded like a concerned friend instead of a Mistress, until you
realized of course she was still referring to me as their feminine slut, and
was telling me to go down on her husband. She could make anything sound
acceptable to me.

"Why don't you first lick the pre-cum, and get used to the taste," she said.
I froze. I was so nervous I couldn't move. Sheila reached over and put her
hand behind my neck. She gently but firmly pushed my face down to Tom's dick.

"Go ahead and lick it, slut," she cooed.
I opened my mouth and started sucking the pre-cum off. I had about half his
dick in my mouth, while I was swirling my tongue around it's head. I felt
him grow inside my mouth. What a strange feeling. I couldn't believe I was
really doing this. The taste was a little salty, but not revolting at all.
Sheila increased the pressure on my head.

"Come on, Joanie," she said. "You can take more than that."
Tom was fully aroused now, and I had most of his cock in my mouth. I could
feel it working it's way into my throat. Sheila pushed harder, and I started
to choke a little. She eased up.

"Just relax your throat, and it will go down," she said.
I followed her advice and got his cock all the way down. Once I was
swallowing all of it, she let go of my head. Then Tom put both hands on the
back of my head and started fucking my mouth like a pussy. Sheila was in her
own world of lust, looking on, while playing with herself.

"He's such a natural," Tom moaned. But then he pushed my head away. "Lay on
your back slut, right under my cock." I did as he said. He was sitting on
the edge of the seat and his balls were laying on my face. Sheila got up and
stood over my body. I felt her foot on my dick. I had never been harder.

"Look's like he's enjoying this as much as us," Sheila teased. She then
walked up above my chest. She put her foot on Tom's dick and pushed down
until his balls were over my mouth. "Suck them, Joanie," she smiled.

I sucked for all I was worth. Tom started moaning, I knew he was close to
cumming. Between her massaging his dick and me sucking his balls, I don't
see how he lasted this long. Sheila stepped up and sat on Tom's dick, her
legs dangling over the side of the boat. Both crotches were on my face.

"I'm going to fuck you silly hon., while our slut tongues both of us. Do you
hear me, slave?" she asked.

I some how muffled an affirmative. They started a slow grinding fuck. I was
alternately sucking his balls and licking her pussy as Tom's dick pumped in
and out. Their moans became louder and their fucking faster. I knew they
were close. Then they were both screaming in ecstasy. I felt Tom's cum shoot
up in Sheila's cunt. They both just lay there on my face, recouping from
their intense orgasms. Tom's dick finally plopped out of Sheila's pussy. His
cum started oozing over my face.

"Looks like Joanie has got a mess to clean up" Sheila laughed. She then
placed her pussy right over my mouth. "I want every drop licked up and
swallowed."

"And when you're finished with her, you can clean me off," Tom added.
I sucked every drop out of her pussy, and then licked the outside clean. She
then got off of me and sat next to Tom. Tom tugged the leash so my face was
level with his cock.

"Clean it," he smiled.
"As you wish Master Tom," I said. I then sucked and licked his cock clean.
"My balls still feel sticky slave. Put them in your mouth and suck them clean."
"Yes Master." I took one ball at a time and sucked it clean. I even licked
and sucked the underside, going to the edge of his crack.

"You truly love to serve, don't you?" Tom asked.
"More than anything in this world." I answered back.
"All this time," Sheila said, "we've been looking for the perfect slave.
Someone intelligent, real, normal, and attractive. And you've been under our
nose the whole time. Why haven't you ever mentioned your sexual desires to
us before?"

"It's not something you talk about with other people Mistress. Ninety nine
out of a hundred would think you are some kind of pervert, possibly even
dangerous. I never imagined that you two would even know about this
lifestyle, let alone be active in it."

"Can you handle the idea of your best friends owning you?" Tom asked.
"In any relationship," I said, "trust is the glue that holds everything
together. In this type of relationship, it is even more important. I can't
think of anyone else who I trust more than you two. Even though I never
thought of you in a sexual way, now that I know that you are both into this
lifestyle, I couldn't think of anyone else I would rather serve."

"I think were just starting to open up a whole new world for all of us,"
Sheila said. "I'm already thinking of all kinds of things we're going to be
using you for down the road."

"A penny for your thoughts." I said.
She then put her foot on my cock and said "All in good time my little pet.
Besides, we've got to punish you for your misdeed last night."

"I thought you might have forgiven me, since it was my first offense."
"Not a chance. Just because you want to be our slave, doesn't mean your
perfect. We're going to train you to be just the way we want, which may or
may not be part of your fantasies."

"I understand.




Part 3.... A slave's Road.... Back In The City

We hit the south side of Indy about 1:00 PM. I lived in an apartment complex
on the far northwest side, and Tom and Sheila lived about 15 to 20 miles
northwest of the city. People in Indiana like land. I would estimate the
average house lot in the burbs of Indy is a third of an acre. Half acre lots
are common, and one acre lots are not at all uncommon. When the suburbs
started filling up in the seventies, people started moving to the nearby
towns, and the country surrounding them. Tom and Sheila bought ten acres of
land outside of a little town called Whitestown. Their land had actually
been part of a large farm. Their house stood where the old farm house used
to be. There was even an old, small barn near the house. They used it for a
work shop. Tom was an architect, so he and Sheila had designed almost
everything that was man made on that property, from the half mile driveway
through the woods, to the enormous fire place in the family room. Since
their property was basically a small forest, except for the small clearing
around the house and barn, there wasn't a lot of outside maintenance. It was
the best of both worlds, total privacy, and a minimal amount of yard work.
The outside of the house was a combination of limestone, cedar, and glass.
The inside was a tri-level design with the right combination of hardwood
floors, luxurious carpet, cedar trim, skylights, two fireplaces, and oak
ceiling beams. The back of the house opened up into a huge lanai, equipped
with cushioned redwood furniture, a built in limestone gas grill, wet bar,
and a large sunken Jacuzzi. Even though the house could have been displayed
in Better Homes and Gardens, Sheila and Tom are not the type to showcase
their home. In fact, their house has a very comfortable, homey feel to it.

"Back to the real world", I said as we were getting on north 465.
"But a new world for all of us", smiled Sheila.
She had on a pair of short cut-off jeans, a black tight fitting T-shirt
without a bra, and pair of thongs. She had also put her ankle bracelet back
on. Once again, her captain's chair was half way between Tom and myself.

"John, do you have anyone special your dating?"
"No, not really. I mean I date, but no one serious. I quit trying to find
someone who would truly love to have a boyfriend slash slave on a permanent
basis. I figured if it happens, it happens. If that's your only objective
when dating, then you're in for a lot of frustration. Believe me, I know
from experience.

"That seems funny", Tom said. "You would think that today's woman would love
to have a servant doing the mundane chores and pampering her when she wanted."
"Not really, most women are pretty conservative when it comes to
relationships. Even though they want equality in the job market and at home,
they still want the traditional man/woman relationship. And that's cool, far
be it from me to try to persuade someone into a lifestyle they're not
comfortable with. Like I told you earlier, I've had a few women in my life
who enjoyed the dominant role as a game. But when the game was over
everything went back to normal."

"That is until now." Sheila smiled. "It's not that I don't believe you John,
but I can think of some friends right now that would love to have a slave at
their beck and call. They might not want you as a husband or boyfriend, but
would love to have someone to pamper them, and do the household chores for
them at the snap of their fingers."

"I guess I'm hanging out with the wrong type of woman." I smiled.
"Might be", said Sheila.

We got off of 465 and on the 421 North exit and drove up to 96th St. My
apartment was just a mile or two east on 96th. When they pulled up in the
parking area and stopped in front of my apartment, I thanked them for a
wonderful time. So much had changed in our friendship, I was at a lost for
words. Leave it to Sheila to break the ice.

"Do you have any time off coming to you, John?" Sheila asked.
"About three personal days and two weeks vacation."
"How much warning do you have to give them to take a week off?"
"Right now we're pretty slow, so I could take off about any time. As long as
they don't desperately need you, they're pretty cool about it."

"Could you call them tomorrow morning and ask them for the week off?"
"Sure, I guess so. Why?"
I finally sold that large piece of real estate in Zionsville last week, so I
thought I would take some time off myself. I'm semi retired now anyway. You
do still want to serve us, don't you?

"Yes, of course I do."
"Then I thought this would be a good time to break you in. What do you think
hon?"
"I think it's an excellent idea", Tom answered. "I've got to work this week,
but I'm sure you're capable of training him. I'll just come home at night
and reap the rewards,"

"I don't think I'll have any trouble bending him to our ways," Sheila
smiled. "John, I want you to shower, pack enough clothes for a week, and be
over at our house at seven tonight."

"Yes maam."
She then reached into her purse and pulled out a twenty.
" Here. Stop by the Boston Market on the way over and pick up some dinner
for all of us. I don't feel like cooking tonight.........or all week for
that matter," she laughed.

"Anything in particular," I asked.
"Just a piece of chicken and some corn is fine for me," she said.
"I'll take the chicken, corn, and mashed potatoes and gravy," Tom added.
I got out of the van and leaned in Sheila's window. "I'll see you both at seven
then."
"I hope you're ready to really serve this week," Sheila said seriously.
"I feel very good about it maam."
"Good, see you in a little while then," she said. "And remember, no
masturbating."

I gathered up my gear and headed up to my apartment. It had been a long
weekend, and I was ready for a nap. I put away my stuff, took a long hot
shower, and lay down on my bed. I set my alarm clock for 5:00. Every time I
closed my eyes I thought of the last two days. So much had transpired. I was
getting a woody thinking of everything they had put me through. I wanted to
jack-off in the worst way. I knew I wouldn't though. This would probably be
my only chance to live out my fantasy. One advantage of knowing them for so
many years was I knew when they were kidding and when they were not. They
were not kidding, they wanted me as their slave. I only hope I could satisfy
all of their needs. The idea of being rejected as their slave at this point
would really hurt me. I mean, I'm a strong person and would eventually get
over it, but in the back of my mind I would always be thinking that I blew
the big one. At my age, I knew this was now or never. Sheila was so
demanding. I sensed she was just at the tip of the iceberg as far as my
training was concerned. It almost seemed surreal. I had always known her as
an intelligent, cheerful, and sexy woman with a good sense of humor. The
perfect wife, the perfect hostess, a successful real estate broker, and a
good friend. Never before this weekend would I had ever thought she desired
a slave. Just the thought of her owning and using me almost made me cum. I
was totally shocked by their confession that they were swingers. And the way
Tom admitted he was bi, like it was just a matter of fact. I actually
admired his confidence and courage. I didn't mind a bit that he didn't want
to reciprocate, after all I was his slave too. My mind kept thinking and
thinking and thinking.............

RRRing. Damn, that alarm clock was loud! I must have finally dosed off. I
got up, took a long, hot shower, shaved, brushed my teeth, and packed about
a week's worth of clothes. I tried to watch TV for about twenty minutes, and
finally left for their place about 6:20. I stopped by the Boston Market, and
picked up our dinners as instructed. I was ringing their doorbell at 7:00
sharp. Their intercom startled me.

"Come to the kitchen slave," Sheila's voice rang out.
I opened the door and made my way to the kitchen. They were sitting at the
butcher block table. This was where they ate most of their meals. It was
comfortable and informal. They had the dining room for their more formal
dinners. The table was set for three people. A carafe of blush Chablis was
in the middle of the table. I noticed their glasses and the carafe were
about empty. Sheila was wearing a red kimono that ended just below her ass.
She was barefoot, and I noticed she still had her ankle bracelet on. Tom had
on a pair of black silk boxer shorts and nothing else.

"Good evening, slave," smiled Sheila. "Please serve the food and take a seat."
Tom refilled the carafe and poured three glasses of wine. I served everybody
what they had ordered, and sat down.

"Tom and I were just discussing how best to train you. We took the liberty
of assuming that you would accept our proposal of slavery, so we have been
buying toys and equipment for almost a month. Tom's even constructed a few
items we hope you will find interesting."

"Oh, I'm sure it will meet his approval, and if it doesn't, who cares. His
opinion doesn't matter anymore anyway." Tom smiled

"True," Sheila agreed. "In fact it will be more fun if he doesn't enjoy
everything that's going to happen to him. We do have to test your limits, don't
we John?

"Yes Mistress"
"Do you have any idea what your limits are? How much humiliation, or pain
you can take?" Sheila asked.

"No Mistress, I only know that I will do my best to please both of you, no
matter what you request of me."

"How very noble of you, John," Tom said. "But for now let's eat this dinner
before it gets cold."

We all ate and drank heartily. The conversation was interesting, but I
definitely felt the change in our relationship. Even during casual
conversation I felt like a second class citizen. I'm sure this was
intentional on their part. I knew in my heart that from now on I would be
their slave first, and friend second. After dinner I was told to clean up
the mess, and meet them on the lanai. I was also told to strip naked before
coming out.

Sheila and Tom were sitting on the couch sipping their wine. Their were
candles lit on each end table. I noticed Sheila was smoking a slim black cigar.
I approached them slowly, not knowing exactly what to do. I felt a little
uneasy with my nakedness, especially with them being clothed.

"Before you get to comfortable John, pour us another glass of wine," Tom said.
"Yes sir."

I returned with what was left of the half gallon bottle, poured them both a
glass, and asked if they needed anything else.

"Just leave the bottle here and lay on your back in front of the couch." Sheila
said.
I lay down with my head toward Sheila and the rest of me toward Tom. They
wasted no time in resting their feet on me. One of Sheila's on my face, the
other on my chest. Tom had his on my stomach and the other on my crotch. Of
course I got hard. How embarrassing, especially with Tom's foot on it.

"Seems our slave enjoys being a throw rug," Tom said.
"I hope so," Sheila laughed. "He's going to be spending a lot of his time as
one."
At that moment Sheila bent down, and with her face about a foot away from
mine, she exhaled what seemed like a half of cigar in my face. Then, without
blinking an eye flicked a good size ash on my chest. I actually felt a
couple of hairs singe. My skin got hot, but the ash went out before it burnt
me. I couldn't help it, my dick started throbbing.

"Seems he likes being your ashtray too," Tom chuckled.
"John! You really are quite the masochist," Sheila said teasingly.
I didn't know how to respond, so I just kept quiet.
Sheila looked down at me with a mischievous look on her face. "Open your mouth
John."
I obeyed. She then tapped the ash on the end of her cigar in my mouth.
"Swallow," was all she said.
I did. There was an uncomfortable moment of silence as she looked into my eyes.
Then she spoke.

"You're a lot more submissive than I ever thought. I actually believe you
would let me put this cigar out on you."

Once again I was at a lost for words. I had momentarily lost my ability to
think, although my feelings of submissiveness were greatly amplified. I just
looked at her in awe. Finally she spoke.

"Not tonight though. We'll save that for later." She then put the cigar out
in a ashtray, and spoke to me again. "You know I told you at the campfire
that I wasn't a sadist, but using you like this, inflicting humiliation and
pain on you, is making me very wet. I see I'm going to have to explore my
limits as well."

Tom then started kissing Sheila. It wasn't long before they were like a
couple of teenagers. Sheila lay back on the couch with Tom on top of her.
Since their feet were off of me now, I almost felt unneeded. Their breathing
grew heavier and heavier. I felt Sheila's kimono fall on my chest. Next
thing I knew, Tom was prying open my mouth and stuffing his boxer shorts
down my throat. I could taste his pre cum.

"Didn't want you to feel left out," was all he said before returning his
attention back to Sheila.
Soon they were fucking in earnest. Sheila's breathing was getting to that
orgasmic pitch. Finally, they both came together. I knew by now they would
be needing my services again. I felt two pair of feet rest on me again.
Sheila reached down and pulled Tom's shorts out of my mouth.

"Oh slave," Sheila said musically.
"Yes Mistress," I answered.
"You have a mess to clean up."
"Yes Mistress."

I then knelt first between Sheila's legs and started cleaning her out,
running my tongue from the crack of her ass to the top of her beautiful
mound. I swallowed several mouthfuls of their cum. When I finished with
Sheila, I moved over to Tom. I licked and sucked his genitals until he was
completely clean. I felt myself becoming very aroused. My balls were in
agony. Sheila sensed this and took a little pity on me.

"Got a case of blue balls, slave?"
"Yes Mistress."

"Remember, you are never to masturbate without our permission. But we are
not totally without feelings for your needs. Turn around with your head at
the base of the couch. Now, lift your legs up and back over your face."

She then placed her feet on my shoulders, grabbed my ankles and pulled them
back so my dick was pointing right at my face.

"Go ahead and jack-off slave," she said.
I didn't know what to do. This was so humiliating. I had never tasted my own
cum.
"Need a little encouragement slut?" Tom said as he got up and walked around
between my legs. He then put his foot on my balls and pushed hard, causing
me some pain. Sheila then grabbed my cock with her right hand while holding
my legs back with her left. She stroked it three times. That was all it
took. I must have cummed a pint all over my face. She then let my legs back.
Tom again sat next to her. I just lay there recuperating from my massive
orgasm. The next thing I felt was Sheila's toe scooping up my cum, and force
feeding it to me. When she was through feeding me, she and Tom just sat back
naked, sipping their wine, enjoying the beautiful summer night. They
snuggled, and talked about things any normal married couple would talk
about. Of course they were still using me as their rug as though I was truly
just a piece of furniture. They must have stayed out there another two hours
without saying a word to me, or even acknowledging my existence. Then Sheila
spoke to me.

"We are going to bed slave. I want you to clean up our mess, and come up to
our bedroom when you are finished."

"As you wish Mistress."
They both stood up, stepped over me and left me on the floor with another
woody. I got up, cleared the glasses, bottle of wine, and ashtray. I put the
wine in the refrigerator, and everything else in dishwasher. I turned off
the lights and made my way upstairs to their bedroom. Since the house was a
tri-level, it was only a half flight of stairs. This part of the house was
over their garage. I had only been in their bedroom once before. That was
when they had first built the house and they gave me the grand tour. I
remembered the room well. It was probably eight or nine hundred square feet.
The closet alone was the size of a small bedroom. When you walked through
the door, the first thing you noticed was a small fireplace with a tall
windows on each side of it. It was built with red brick and trimmed with
native oak. A brick floor extended out about five feet. There were two
comfortable chairs, with a table and lamp in between, facing the fireplace.
The rest of the flooring was hardwood slats, with large colorful oriental
rugs placed in just the right places around the room. The walls were covered
with tasteful art. Toward the wall to the left of the fireplace was their
bed. I'm sure it was specially ordered as it was larger than a king size. It
was solid oak with a beautiful canopy over it. A transparent light blue silk
material covered it. The covering could be rolled down to completely enclose
you. All their furniture was solid oak. On the opposite wall their were
French doors leading to a balcony running the entire length of the room. The
furnishings on the balcony were comfortable, while the view looking down
into the woods was spectacular. Their was a small creek barely visible
through the foliage of the trees. The final wall, the one with the entry
door was completely mirrored. You had to look carefully to see the mirrored
door that opened into the closet. The walk-in closet was luxuriously
carpeted. The left side contained Sheila's clothes and shoes, while the
right side was for Toms' attire. Everything was organized. Of the hundred or
so pairs of Sheila's shoes, about twenty were on the floor. I figured these
were her most commonly worn ones. The others were in shoe racks mounted on
the wall. Even though I had only been in here once, the smells and sights of
all her shoes and clothes had always stayed in my memory. I realized I had
always had a crush on Sheila. I just never imagined in my wildest
imagination that anything would develop, so I guess I kept those feelings
suppressed. Just goes to show that truth is stranger than fiction. On the
side of the closet opposite the closet entry door, was an old fashioned
swinging saloon door which opened up into a dressing room. This room had a
double sink with a professional make-up mirror where you could control the
lighting to the type of atmosphere you would be in. The counter and shelves
were neatly filled with cosmetics, nail polishes, hair products, body
lotions, etc. In front of each sink were two padded stools that came up to
the perfect level. Their was a common leg clearance underneath the sinks. A
black leather chaise was located next to the back wall. All four walls were
completely mirrored, including the sliding door opposite the swinging doors.
This door led into the bathroom. The bathroom was spectacular. The floors
were white marble, while the bathtub, shower, toilet, and bidet were a jade
green marble. The double size bath tub was elevated on a deck. There were
Jacuzzi jets mounted in the corners. There were large windows on two walls,
and a skylight in the ceiling. Plants flourished everywhere.

As I approached their open door, I heard the television. I stopped at the
doorway, not wanting to intrude. They were still naked laying on top of the
comforter. They both kept watching TV, and ignoring my presence. I waited
until I heard a commercial and finally spoke.

"I finished cleaning up the patio".
"What did you do with ours and your clothes?" Sheila asked.
I immediately knew I had forgotten to pick them up. I could actually feel a
surge of anxiety run through me. There was some uncomfortable silence before I
spoke.
"I I I'm sorry. I left them on the floor," I stuttered.
No reply. Just silence.
"I'll get them now," I finally said.
"No." Sheila said. "Come over here and kneel on the floor."
I walked to Sheila's side of the bed and knelt at the head facing her.
"I think it's time to start using the goodies we've been buying for the last
month, don't you Tom?"

"He does have to learn," Tom smiled.
His hardness told me he enjoyed this as much as Sheila. I also felt myself
becoming aroused. Sheila sat up in bed, legs hanging over the edge, looking
me straight in the eye. She then placed her foot on my chest and pushed
hard. I fell back on the rug.

"Get out of my way," she said as she walked by me heading toward the closet.
She disappeared inside the closet. I returned to my knees and waited. Tom
just watched TV as if I were not even there. After about fifteen or twenty
minutes Sheila reappeared. She looked beautiful. Her hair was pulled back
and pinned in a bun. Her full lips were painted a deep red. She was wearing
a leather bikini. The top and bottom were just a framework made from black
leather straps and chrome fasteners. Her breast were completely exposed.
Only a single strap ran down the crack of her ass and up through her mound.
Her legs were bare, and she had on 5" black pumps that exposed the crevice
of her long toes. She was carrying a full size leather suitcase. She walked
back to me. She lay the suitcase on the bed and opened it in front of my
eyes. There was bondage equipment, gags, butt plugs, clamps, different types
of whips, and a few items I didn't even recognize. She cuffed my wrist in
front of me, attached a leash to the cuffs, and dragged me over to the
closet door. She then tied the leash securely to the knob on the door,
leaving little or no play. I was on my knees, looking at myself in the
mirror, unable to move.

"Comfortable?"
I knew her sarcasm required no answer.
She smirked and went back to the suitcase and took out a whip. It was a
small cat-o-nine tails. I could see everything she did in the reflection of
the mirror. She walked back and stood behind me. She raised the whip. I felt
the intense sting on my back. I then saw her smile and the lust filling her
eyes. And then her muscled arm raised again. I tensed, bracing myself for
another blow. She didn't disappoint me. It hurt more than the first. This
time I cried out. Then another one, even harder. Again and again she brought
the whip down on me, now hitting me with all of her strength. I lost count.
The pain was so intense, I lost all ability to focus. She whipped me for
several minutes, although it

seemed like much more. When she was through, I was moaning in pain. I never
felt more humiliated, and yet I never felt more submissive. She untied the
leash and lead me into the closet. She lead me to a hook anchored in the
wall, about six inches off the floor. It was on her side of the closet, next
to her shoes. She tied the leash securely around the hook. I was on my back
looking up at her. She was looking directly in my eyes. She put the toe of
her shoe on my balls and pushed hard. I winced in pain. She spoke calmly.

"I hope you have learned a lesson."
"Yes Mistress Sheila," I whimpered softly.
She pushed harder.
"I swear I have learned my lesson Mistress," I said louder and clearer than
my previous answer.

She smiled, and finally pulled her foot back. She then turned and left,
leaving me to myself. She left the closet door open. I could hear her return
to her bed. I then listened to her and Tom make love. Then there was
silence. They drifted off to sleep, and I lay awake feeling more like a
slave than I ever thought possible. Finally I must of dosed off.

Next thing I know the room was filled with light. I sleepily opened my eyes.
I could make out Tom's figure above me. He was naked.

"Top of the morning to you," he smiled.
"Good morning sir."
"Sheila's not up yet. It's only seven, so you probably have another hour or
so in bondage. I've got to shower and get ready for work. He then turned
away and walked to the bathroom. He left the door opened, because the next
thing I heard was him urinating in the toilet. Then the shower was on. Then
it was off. He must of been drying off, because I didn't hear anything for a
few minutes. Then the sink faucet came on in the dressing room. I heard him
shaving, brushing his teeth, etc. He then returned to the closet, picked out
his day's attire and went back into the dressing room. Twenty minutes later
he came back into the closet wearing a business suit, looking ready for a
day at the office.

"You two have fun today," he chirped.
He walked out into the bedroom. Ten minutes later I heard his car starting
and the garage door opening below me. I lay there on the closet floor
waiting for Sheila to awake. I lay there for another hour before I heard her
alarm clock. Five minutes later she entered the closet. She was naked. She
even looked beautiful first thing out of bed. She walked over to me, placing
her feet on each side of me. She knelt down, leaned over and untied the
leash from the hook. I could smell her odor from the night before. She then
stood up.

"While I'm doing my morning workout in the exercise room, I want you to call
work and arrange your week's vacation. After that you can shower and shave.
I want you to shave all of your pubic and under arm hair off. This will
constantly remind you of your owners, even when you are not in our presence.
You will use the guest bedroom downstairs for all of your toiletries."

"But Mistress, when I use a public shower at the gym or pool everyone will see."
"You are our slave. That means you will stay shaved for as long as we own
you. If you are too embarrassed by your hairless crotch, then shower at
home. If you don't want to shave, then we can end this relationship now. Do
you want to be our slave?"

"Yes Mistress, and I will obey."
"Good," she smiled. "Then you take care of your business, and I'll take care
of mine. And by the way, if you're done before I'm through exercising, meet
me back up here. Naked of course."

With that she returned to the bedroom, put on a pair of black silk like
jogging shorts, a white sleeveless T-shirt, white socks and black high top
cross trainer shoes. She then exited with out saying another word. I called
work and scheduled my vacation. As predicted, there was no problem. I then
went down to the kitchen, slipped on my pants, and went out to my car to get
my suitcase and travel bag. I returned to the guest room downstairs, turned
on the shower and stripped. I took a long, hot shower. I then got out and
started spreading shaving cream on my face. After I shaved, I spread the
cream on my under arms. I shaved them. I was amazed how easily the hair came
off. It made me feel feminine. I looked at myself in the mirror. Even though
I wasn't hairy to begin with, I still felt more naked than ever. I had saved
my crotch for last. For this I soaked it with warm water, and applied the
shaving cream. I sat down on the edge of the tub and proceeded to stroke the
razor over my entire crotch. It took three times before the area was bald. I
then returned to the shower and rinsed off. I looked at myself again in the
mirror. I looked different. I mean my looks made me feel different inside.
The shaving seemed to have stripped away any traditional male ego that was
left. I felt more slave than man. Right now, it felt good. I loved being
their slave. But I also knew I couldn't live the rest of my life in their
domain. I would have to re-enter the real world in a week. That world seemed
a thousand miles away now though. I would cross that bridge when I came to
it. I then went back upstairs and waited for Mistress Sheila. I grabbed a
magazine, went out on the balcony and enjoyed the beautiful morning. The sky
was blue, the temp in the high 70's, and the birds were singing in full
chorus. This was a special feeling. It was the same kind of feeling I had
the first time I fell for a girl. Who knows, maybe I was falling for Sheila.
She seemed more than a Mistress. As beautiful as she was, I was realizing
the sexiest part of her was her intelligence. She was so cool, calm, and in
control. Her honesty was genuine. This was as much her fantasy as it was
mine, and she didn't try to hide that.




A slave's Road-part 4

My mind was a thousand miles away as I sat on her balcony.
"Day dreaming?"
Her voice brought me out of my trance.
"Just enjoying the morning," I said.
"Stand up, let me see your freshly shaved body."

I stood, facing her. She cupped my balls. My dick started growing. She then
had me raise my arms, spread my legs, turn around and bend over. She looked
me over like a prized horse, occasionally feeling parts of my body.

"You'll do," she smiled.
I could tell she was pleased with me. She then sat down in the chair I was
just in. She was quite sweaty from her workout.

"Kneel down and remove my shoes."
I knelt down and untied her right shoe. I then pulled it off. A pungent odor
hit my nostrils. The odor was intoxicating. I repeated the procedure with her
left shoe.

"Now my socks, slave."
I slowly removed her socks. Her feet were so beautiful. Feminine, yet
strong. She raised her foot to my face, so the bottom was covering the
length of it. Once again the odor was intoxicating. It enslaved me. There
was nothing I wouldn't do or be for her. I also knew she understood this.
After all, this kind of power was the root of her sexuality. She absolutely
loved owning another human being. And I felt so fortunate to be that person.

"Worship," was all she said.
I started sucking her toes, licking in between them. I could actually feel
the tiny balls of sweat in my mouth. I swallowed them. I continued kissing
and licking her foot as if her pleasure was the only thing that mattered. I
felt like a schoolboy, wanting to impress her. I moved to her other foot,
worshipping it as I had the first. My desire must have struck a chord in
her. I noticed her breathing was getting heavier. She put both of her feet
on my shoulders, one on each side of my neck.

"Now remove my shorts and panties."
I did as she said. As soon as her white cotton panties left the tip of her
toes, she placed her feet on the ground and pulled my face into her crotch.
I kissed, licked, and sucked her pussy, finally zeroing in on her clit. She
was soon climaxing, holding my face tightly to her mound, almost smothering
me. She finally released her grip, letting me catch my breath. We just
relaxed in silence, with me still kneeling between her legs. She had
absolutely no thought of my horniness. After all, I was just her slave and I
truly had no desire to fuck her, but had an indescribable desire to serve her.
"Go and start my shower. I like it hot to the point of almost burning. After
you start it, kneel on the shower floor until I arrive."

"As you wish Mistress."
I started the shower and knelt on the floor as commanded. The shower was
easily twice the size of a standard one. There was a tiled bench in the rear
of it. There was a small white plastic hose with it's own faucet on the wall
next to the bench. I noticed a raised hinged lid on top of the bench, and a
hinged door on the bottom, flush with the floor. There was also a small door
in the sidewall, next to the hose. All the doors and lid were tiled. An
octagon window was above the bench. The sunlight streamed into the room,
making the water hitting the jade tile almost magical.

I heard the shower door open. Sheila stepped in, and looked down at me
smiling. "Are you ready to learn how to bathe me "

"Yes Ma'am."
"Everything you need is in that side door."
I opened the door and peered in. The compartment had the same width and
length of a medicine cabinet, only it was three or four times deeper. The
interior was completely tiled.

"Hand me the loofa, bath bar, shampoo and conditioner. You can sit on the
bench and watch me this time. Pay attention to what order I wash my body
parts, and how I wash them. The next time you will be expected to know the
procedure."

I sat on the bench and watched her starting with her face, working her way
down. She used the loofa on most of her body, but on her vagina she used her
hand. She also used her hand to reach up inside her ass. After she was
lathered up, she shampooed her hair. She then rinsed her hair, and put
conditioner on it. She rinsed the soap off the rest of her body while the
conditioner was soaking. Finally she rinsed off her hair. She then shut off the
shower.

"Any questions?"
"No Ms. Sheila."
"Good, then you can put everything away and clean the shower. You can use
the hose to reach everything."

"Yes Ma'am. Oh, I guess I do have one question."
"And what's that?" she smiled."
"What are the lid and door in the bench for?"
Her smile grew larger.
"We were going to save this until you were broken in a little more, but
seeing how well you're adapting to this lifestyle, I think you're ready for it
now."

She was still smiling, although somehow the moment grew serious. She then
lifted the lid up next to where I was sitting. I looked down. Under the
raised lid was a toilet seat. Looking further inside I saw that the area
below was lit up. There was probably a switch that activated when the lid
opened. The inside had four tiled walls extending slightly past the
dimensions of the seat. There was a large drain in the floor. The door that
was flush with the floor was directly underneath the seat.

"Cat got your tongue?" she said, still smiling.
I didn't say anything. I was shocked. Of course I had read, even fantasized
about golden showers, but had never imagined anything this elaborate.

"I'm sure you can guess what the bottom door is for."
Again I was speechless. I didn't know what to say. Could I really submit to
this extreme of a humiliation? Yes it had turned me on in the past to read
about some slave serving as his Mistress' toilet, but this was real....this
was me. Once again fantasy and reality were hitting me head on. Every time I
started to feel comfortable with my slavery, they would push me to a new
level. Then Sheila spoke softly, her full lips still smiling, and her eyes never
leaving mine.

"I told you Tom and I have been busy buying and constructing things just for
you. As soon as we found out from your ex that you were submissive, we kind
of went crazy. It's as if we were bringing in a new member to our family.
Tom did all of this himself. I'm sure glad you accepted our proposition. It
would be a shame not to use this, don't you think?"

"YYYes Ms. Sheila," I stuttered. I felt so foolish. I was so shocked, I
couldn't think straight. I didn't really know what to say. Her green eyes
pierced into mine, demanding my attention.

"Why don't you lay down, and put your head inside."
I just sat there, still dumbfounded. Sheila sensed I needed a little
persuasion. She put her hands on my shoulders and bent her face down about a
foot away from mine, her bare breast almost touching me. When she spoke, her
voice was low, calm, and very confident.

"For your benefit, I'll pretend you didn't hear me. However this time if you
don't move promptly, the whipping you received last night will seem like kids
play. Am I understood?"

"Yes ma'am."
"Then move!"
I immediately got down on the shower floor and swung the bottom door to the
side. There was also a second door behind it. This door was aluminum and had
an opening in the bottom, cut out in the shape of a half circle. The edge of
the half circle had rubber trim around it. I realized my head would not fit
through the opening. Sheila then flipped a lockable latch on top and slid
the door up on the two tracks secured in the tile. She then looked at me and
then the opening. Without a word spoken I lay down and put my head inside. I
then heard the aluminum door sliding back down and the latch being snapped
closed, trapping my head inside. Even though the door didn't touch my neck,
there was no way my head could come back out. I realized she could put a
small padlock on the latch making me a prisoner in her toilet. The shower
stall was long enough to let my body stretch out comfortably. The light
inside allowed me to see the entire top half of the toilet. It was an eerie
feeling. It was also having a profound effect on my cock. Sheila noticed
this also, as I felt her foot massaging it.

"My my, this is as hard as steel. I'm starting to wonder if you have any
limits."
She then removed her foot, and I heard her sitting down on the bench, next
to the toilet seat. I then saw her smiling face over the opening looking at
me as if I was a pet in her cage.

"How do you feel?"
"Scared, confused, and excited," I stammered.
"I can see you're excited. So what are you scared and confused about?"
"Different emotions, thoughts, and fears are soaring through me. Right now
everything is happening so fast, I need to stop and examine them."

She looked at me for a moment before speaking. "When you accepted our
proposition to be our slave, what did you think that meant?"

"To obey you." I knew as soon as I said that it sounded stupid.
"Listen John, I think you should know this. I didn't talk to Susan just the
one time. Since our first conversation, we have had several more. I know
everything you desire. I know you wanted her to give you a golden shower,
even though she wouldn't do it."

Nothing but silence. Sheila just smiled at me. I was totally embarrassed,
and she was totally enjoying it. Sheila knew all my feelings I had discussed
with my ex. I felt completely in her power.

"You might as well know this also John. Susan knows Tom and I are enslaving
you. In fact she is very interested in how our weekend went. I'm going to
give her a call later on today and fill her in on everything. I'll even turn
on the speakerphone and let you hear our conversation. You'd like that, wouldn't
you?"

I saw her eyes look at my hard-on and then back to me.
"I thought you might," she said without even waiting for my answer. "Scott,
her husband knows everything also. Tom and I even had them over for dinner.
We all had quite a bit to drink, and started talking.... about you of
course. The conversation was quite interesting John. It seems Susan told
Scott all about you before they were even married. Scott thinks you're the
perfect ex. Like he said, how could you get jealous over a whimp. We even
talked about loaning you out to them. You know, for a weekend or two. You
wouldn't mind would you?"

Once again I was speechless. I was hypnotized by her conversation.
"Of course you wouldn't," she answered for me. "Actually it wouldn't matter
anyway, would it slave?"
It was as if her conversation had totally changed my mood. No longer was I
confused. She had put me in such a state of submissive horniness that I
would now do anything without hesitation. And to think it was all done with
"just" words. God, she knew me better than I knew myself. I answered her with
enthusiasm.

"No Mistress. It wouldn't make any difference. Although I would serve them
well to make you proud of me. And if you need to use me now for your
personal needs, I will be happy to be of service to you."

Her smile grew and her eyes seemed to soften. I knew she liked my answer.
"Actually I want Tom to be here the first time. Who knows he might want to
relieve himself too. You can get out of there for now, and quickly clean the
shower. When you're done with that, grab a clean towel and meet me in the
dressing room where you're going to learn how to take care of some more of
my personal needs, only not quite this personal," she laughed.

She then raised the aluminum door and let me out. With that she turned and
walked out. I wiped down the shower in about two minutes, took a towel out
of the linen closet and went into the dressing room. Sheila was sitting on the
edge of the leather chaise.

"You can start drying my feet and work your way up."
I knelt before her and lifted her left foot. I started at her sole, patting
it dry, softly moving the towel between her toes, and working my way up her
ankles and muscular calves. I then massaged the towel behind her knees,
rubbing up her firm thighs. When I reached her mound I softly patted it dry.
I then started on her right foot and worked my way up again. She then stood
up and turned around so her beautiful ass was right in front of my face. I
patted her ass dry and started up her back. She turned her head and looked at me
over her shoulder.

"You know, I can't remember if I washed my crack or not. Why don't you make sure
it's clean John."
With this she spread her cheeks apart with her hands. I looked inside at her
small pink anus.
"It looks clean to me Mistress."

"Looking clean is not good enough, get your tongue up there and make sure it's
clean."
I nuzzled my mouth and nose in between her buns. I then started my tongue at
the bottom of her crack and licked all the way up to the top. I repeated
this three times. I loved her ass. I could worship it forever. I wanted to
penetrate her anus, but didn't know if she wanted me to. Her next words left no
doubt.

"Go ahead and clean my hole too, John. After all, that is the source of its
uncleanness."
With that she spread her cheeks even wider and I pointed my tongue just
inside the entrance and started licking her anal walls. She started moaning
immediately. I plunged deeper and deeper.

"Oh John, this feels unbelievable. I love having my ass reamed. This isn't
one of Tom's favorite things. In fact I can't remember the last time he did it.
I'm getting soo hot."

All of the sudden she stepped away and pointed to the chaise.
"Lay here on your back. I'll be back in a minute."
She walked through the closet and into the bedroom. She returned holding a
dildoe. She climbed over my face and spread her cheeks. She then sat full
weight on my face with her anus over my mouth. Her body was facing my feet.
I immediately started servicing her ass again. I soon heard the humming of
the dildoe. She was getting herself off while having her ass reamed at the
same time. She had such an appetite for sex. And I loved her using me every
bit as much as she did getting off. She had a huge orgasm several minutes
later. She then moved up a little so her pussy was over my mouth.

"Here slut, go ahead and clean this also."
I sucked and tongued out her thick orgasm. It tasted sweeter than honey. She
finally got off my face and sat next to me. She looked down at me and
smiled. She ran her first two fingers through her cream that covered my
face. She then stuck her fingers in my mouth. I sucked it off like it was my
first meal in a week. She continued to this without saying a word. Finally she
stood up.

"I know you're horny as hell, but this time you're going to have to suffer.
Part of being a slave is being denied pleasure. In fact pleasure for the
perfect slave should be the pleasure of its owner. Do you think that you
could ever get to that level of submission?

"With you as my owner Mistress, I think I can."
Sheila laughed at my answer. "Oh you do, do you? What if it was my pleasure
to let Tom use you at one of his poker games. No women. Just him and his
poker buddies. Would you receive pleasure from that?

I hesitated before answering. "I don't think so ma'am."
"So you still have a way to go, don't you?"
"I guess I do Mistress."
"Don't worry, I can already see you have the potential to be as close to
being the perfect slave as humanly possible."

"Thank you ma'am."
She then sat on the stool in front of the make up mirror.
"Come on over here and start learning how to do my hair, and make up. Then you
can dress me."
After doing her hair and make up per her instruction, we went into the
closet. She picked out a nice summery blue dress, with two thin straps that
would cross her bare shoulders. The dress would end just above her knees.
She got a pair of white silk panties and matching strapless bra. I dressed
her as ordered. I truly felt like her ladies maid. I then followed her to the
shoe rack.

Which pair do you think would look good?
After looking a while I chose a pair of white sandals with a three-inch
heel. The top of the shoe had thin leather straps criss-crossed down the
foot, stopping at the base of the toes. Only a single strap went around the
ankle. The heel and sole were very thin.

"You have very good taste John. Those were the ones I probably would have
chose myself. Now go ahead and put them on."

I knelt down, picked up the shoes and slipped them on her bare feet. The
white shoes on her tanned feet with her red toenails made me dizzy with
lust. I bent down and kissed her long plump toes passionately. She let me
worship them for a few minutes, and then stepped away.

"I'm going out to lunch with a good friend of mine. I'll be home when I'm
home. You'll find plenty to eat downstairs in the kitchen. After you eat, I
want you to mow and trim the grass. Everything you need is in the barn. When
that's done, come in and take a shower. Put on the black lace apron that
I'll leave on your bed. You can pick up and dust until I get home. Is everything
clear?"

"Yes ma'am, perfectly."
"Good. See you in a few hours then."
She then walked away with me lustily watching her. I stayed there gathering
my thoughts for about fifteen minutes. I wanted to jack off, but I didn't. I
heard her Mercedes pull out of the garage.




A slave's road - part 5

I went downstairs to my bedroom, put on a pair of shorts and my tennies. I
noticed the apron she had laid out on the bed. It was very feminine, and
sexy. I went into the kitchen and had a bowl of cereal and bananas. I drank
a cup of coffee, and made my way outside to the barn. I left my shirt off to
improve my tan. The barn was part of the original farm. It was pretty small
as far as farm barns go. It probably housed only a few horses and milk cows
in its day. The cedar flats were old and weathered, but still in good shape.
There were two oak support poles from the ground to the roof. There were six
stalls where they used to keep the animals. I noticed a couple of stalls had
fresh hay in them. The rest of the floor was dirt. I found the lawn mower
and all the accessories in the first stall. The mower was a rider. Leave it
to Tom and Sheila to go first class. The engine started with the first turn
of the key. It only took me a little over two hours to cut the grass, trim,
and edge and sweep the walkway. I was really enjoying myself. Even though
they were both out, I still felt under their control. I knew I was becoming
more and more under their power.

After I put all the equipment back, I went back in the house. I showered and
shaved as Sheila instructed. I also massaged some body lotion in. I truly
felt sexy, in a slutty type of way. I wanted my owners to find me
attractive, and I would do everything possible to fulfill their desires. I
reached for the apron on the bed. It felt so soft. I'm sure it was silk. It
was black, but also transparent. The border was ruffled. I tied it to
myself. My backside was completely exposed, except for the narrow ties
around my waist. In the front, the bottom hem only came down to my mid
thigh. I looked at myself in the full mirror on the bathroom door. I was
pleased. With my smooth skin and tan body, I looked like a whore ready for
easy pickings. My firm, white ass contrast to the rest of my body seemed to
further exploit my subservience. I never had thoughts like this about
myself. This must be how a woman getting ready for a hot date feels. I even
used a little perfume I found in the bathroom. It smelled flowery and sexy.

After I primped a little more in the mirror, I went out into the kitchen. I
cleared the breakfast dishes out of the sink, and put them in the
dishwasher. I wiped down all the countertops, and table. I then went out to
the family room and started dusting. This room was really comfortable. The
massive fireplace was the center attraction. Two leather couches, facing
each other, ran lengthwise from the fireplace. At the other end of the
couches was a matching loveseat. Of course the tables, lamps, and artwork
were a perfect fit. Everything together created an intimate conversation
area. As I was dusting the mantel over the fireplace, I heard the back door
open. I kept on with my duties, assuming it was Sheila returning from her
lunch date. I was totally shocked when I heard an unfamiliar voice.

"Well now, aren't you a sight for sore eyes."
I slowly turned around facing the woman standing in the doorway. I had
briefly met her before at one of Tom and Sheila's parties. Her name was
Linda. She was what I call a big beautiful woman. She was probably 5'11"
tall, and weighed about one hundred and seventy pounds. She had coal black
hair, soft with big curls, cut short in a stylish fashion. Her complexion
was light and like porcelain doll. She was very pretty. Even though she was
large, she was firm and proportionate. But the most distinctive part of her
was her eyes. They were the most beautiful baby blues I had ever seen. They
were smiling and piercing at the same time.

Once again she spoke. "Hi, I'm Linda. Sheila and I left the restaurant at
the same time, but she must of hit a few more red lights than I did." Then
she smiled, showing perfect white teeth. "She's been telling me all about you,
John."

I didn't know what to say. I was embarrassed beyond belief. Linda walked
over and sat down on the couch. She crossed her long powerful legs. She was
wearing a turquoise blue business suit with a white blouse. Her skirt came
well above her knees when she was sitting down. She had on dark hose with
three inch black pumps. She slowly swung her leg as she watched me. I
noticed her shoe was dangling on her toes.

I finally found my voice and spoke. "Would you like something to drink?"
"Some ice tea would be nice."
"I'll get you some then. Please forgive me if it takes a while. I'm not
familiar where everything is in the kitchen."

"I'll think about it," she smiled.
She read the perplexed look on my face. "Think about forgiving you John."
"Oh," was all I could say.
As I made my way into the kitchen, I could feel her eyes on me. I wondered
just how much Sheila had revealed about me. Since she didn't seem shocked
about my appearance, I assumed she had told her everything. I lucked out and
found almost a full pitcher of ice tea in the fridge. I poured a glass on
the rocks and made my way back in the family room. As I approached her I
noticed her heel had dropped to the floor. Her feet were quite large. Not
only were they long but they were very wide. Her toes were strong looking. I
could see her nails through the black hose. They were painted scarlet. I
handed her the glass of tea, trying not to be too obvious about looking at
her feet. She smiled and took the glass. Just as I was about to turn away, she
spoke.

"John, would you be a dear and replace my shoe on my foot?"
I had no doubt now that Sheila had told her everything. That this scenario
was set up. Even with that knowledge though, I was still a fly in her web. I
could no more resist her temptation than a bee could resist honey. I knelt
down and picked up her heel. Her eyes met mine and she raised her foot just
a few inches away from my face. The scent of her foot infiltrated my sense
of smell. It was earthy and sweet. My dick started to grow uncontrollably. I
held her foot with one hand. It was warm and a little moist. I put the shoe
on her foot with my other hand. Before I could get off of my knees, Sheila
walked into the room.

"I see you're making yourself at home Linda," Sheila laughed.
"Where do you find such good help?" Linda joked back.
"Not only is he good, he's so cheap. Isn't that right slut?"
"Yes." I said softly.
"Yes what, slut."
"Yes Mistress Sheila," I answered.
"My my," Linda said. "He's so well trained."
"He still has a long way to go, but he's coming along quickly," Sheila smiled.
Sheila walked over and sat down on the loveseat next to Linda's place on the
end of the couch. An oak end table separated the two pieces of furniture. I
was still kneeling on all fours by Linda's feet. I noticed she was dangling
her shoe again. This time it was only inches from my face. I couldn't help
it. I was hypnotized by her swinging shoe, watching her balance it on the
tip of her toes. Getting glimpses of the bottom of her foot when she
casually flipped the shoe forward, then looking at the soiled bottom of her
shoe when it came back. While this was going on, the two women kept talking
as if I wasn't there. I knew they were talking about me, but their voices
seemed far away. All of the sudden Linda's shoe was tapping on my face.

"John!" I heard Linda's loud voice being directed at me.
I came out of my trance and answered her. "Yes ma'am?"
"Your Mistress would also like a glass of ice tea, and while you're at it
you can refill mine." I looked up at Sheila. She was smirking at me. She had
obviously told me to get her a glass, but I was so preoccupied with Linda's
swinging shoe I didn't hear it.

"John, you are such a spacehead sometimes. Put a foot in front of your face
and your brain turns into putty. You are going to be so easy to train."
"I'm getting a little jealous," Linda said half jokingly. "I think I would
really enjoy having a slave. If they are as obedient as John, then I know I
would love it."
"The whole key is finding someone who is naturally submissive. I honestly
believe people are born sexually submissive," Sheila responded.

As the two women carried on their conversation, I went into the kitchen to
fetch their drinks. When I returned, I placed the drinks down on the end
table for them. They were still talking about slaves. Linda looked at me with a
twinkle in her eye.

"Sheila tells me after she has you completely trained she is going to use you at
our swing parties."
I hadn't realized that Linda was part of the special group. I didn't know what
to say, so I said nothing.
"At the rate you're going John, you might be broken by the end of this
week," Sheila said. "You have a long way to go, but you are going to be our
slave for six more days, twenty four hours a day. After what we plan to put
you through, you will be our chattel. And Linda, if you are really
interested in a slave, you can try out John for a weekend."

"I'm definitely going to take you up on that. I know Jeff, my husband, would
want a slave, but he might prefer a female."

"After he has his cock sucked by John, he might change his mind," Sheila
laughed.
"Really? So he's a good cocksucker, is he?
"He sucked his first cock just this last weekend. Tom says he's one of the
best he's ever had. You have to remember that he loves being a slave. When
he sucks cock or eats pussy or even gives a foot massage, it goes past the
ordinary. He doesn't just go through the actions, he really worships you.
You can feel the difference, believe me."

"I'm getting hot just thinking about it," Linda responded. "I know Jeff and
I will put him through his paces. When we do borrow him, will we have your
permission to punish him if it is necessary?"

"And when it's not necessary," Sheila laughed. "Punishing a slave, even when
he hasn't really done anything wrong keeps them on edge, more submissive. It
let's them know they are owned by you. They want to feel owned. Plus, I'm
finding out there is another benefit."

"And what's that?" Linda asked dreamily.
"I'm finding out that it makes me very hot. I didn't really expect that.
It's such a power trip. To see the welts appear on him, hear him cry for
mercy, and then afterwards watch his passion reach almost a frenzy pitch. At
that point there is a magical, even spiritual bond between Mistress and slave."
Sheila's words were really getting to me. Not just my cock, but my heart as
well.

"You make it sound so romantic, Sheila", Linda said.
"It is very romantic. You have to remember when you own someone, you have to
love them. It's not the same type of love as with your husband, but a
special love just the same. I am responsible for his well being. When he
becomes ill, I will have to take care of him. He is our property, a living
property. Yes, we will love using and abusing him, but remember that is what
he also craves more than anything else in this world. We are truly lucky to
have found out that one of our best friends, who we know is trustworthy,
intelligent, and sincere is also submissive."

At this point I knelt down at Sheila's feet and looked her in the eye. "It
is I who is lucky Mistress. I have always dreamed of being a slave, but
never really expected that dream to come true. Not only has it come true,
but has surpassed any dream or fantasy I have ever had."

Sheila looked down and smiled at my kneeling form. "If you can tell me that
at the end of this week my slave, then I will know that we will have as
close to a perfect Mistress/slave relationship as possible. But remember,
the week is just starting." She then turned her attention back to Linda.
"Linda, how would you like to use John as our throw rug?"

"Mmm..I thought you'd never ask."
"Slave! On your back with your head towards Linda."
I obeyed, lying on my back with my face in front of Linda's seat and my body
stretched toward Sheila's. Linda wasted no time in placing her left-heeled
foot on my chest. She then crossed her right leg over and once again started
swinging her leg, dangling her shoe on the tips of her toes. Only this time
I was looking at it from a worm's view. I then felt Sheila's feet resting on
my body. One was on my thigh, the other on my crotch. She had still not
removed her heels either. The weight of both pairs of feet on me would
normally have been painful, but I was in such a state of lust I didn't care.
Linda's swinging shoe kept getting lower and lower. Soon the slim heel was
slapping my cheek. She then looked down at me and started to press her heel
in between my lips. She then spoke.

"Open up slave, I want you to suck this heel as if you would my husband's cock."
I let the heel enter my mouth. I then started sucking on its tip as
sensuously as I could. Then taking more and more of it in, until the sole of
her shoe was resting on my face. I was sucking her heel like a total slut. I
could also feel Sheila's heel grinding into my crotch. There was some pain
there but it only fed the flames of my lust even more.

"My my, he is an enthusiastic little slut isn't he? I'm sure Jeff would be
squirming in his seat with this kind of action on his cock."

"You can't imagine how devoted his mouth is. Go ahead and let him work on
your feet for awhile. You will be swooning in minutes."

With that said, Linda let her shoe fall off her foot, hitting my face and
tumbling to the floor. Once again I was mesmerized as I looked up at the
sole of her now shoeless foot, taking in all of its earthy aroma. She
pointed her nylon-covered toes towards my lips, gently prying them open. I
responded with total submission, sucking her big toe into my wet warm mouth.
Gently sucking it, running my tongue on its bottom. Letting it out of my
mouth only to shower the entire bottom of her foot with soft kisses. Then
starting with her little toe and individually sucking each toe back to her
big one again. I could hear her moans from above. I knew I was pleasing her.

"Oh Sheila.....this is heaven! I am getting so turned on!"
"He can take care of that problem also," Sheila said.
"I'm afraid he might have to. I don't think I could drive home in this state,"
Linda said laughingly.
"Why don't you get more comfortable, and I will get his collar and leash for
you.
"I'm going to have to. Do you want me to use him right here on the couch?"
"Why not, it's just the three of us. Besides, I'm interested in watching him
with another woman. Plus it will broaden his horizons as a slave. For him to
be loaned to you at the spur of a moment surely has to impress on him just
how much of a slave he is becoming."

Linda stood up and looked at me lying helplessly at her feet. She kicked her
other shoe off and ordered me to kneel before her. I obeyed. Sheila had walked
out of the room.

"I want you to take off my dress, and then my pantyhose."
"Yes ma'am." I obediently started unfastening her dress, then slipping it
down and off. I then slipped my thumbs inside the elastic waistband of her
pantyhose and started sliding them down. I noticed she had on black silk
panties. Her thighs and calves were large, but very firm and shapely. She
sat back down when the hose were at her ankles. I then pulled them the rest
of the way off. Her feet were even more beautiful bare. They were so creamy
and soft. I kept looking down at them not knowing really what to do next. I
then felt her hand pushing the back of my head down on them. I passionately
started worshipping her feet, licking in between her toes, collecting the
day's soil from them and of course swallowing it. She just looked down at me
in silence. I really think she was in awe of my subservience to her. I'm
sure the first time a woman feels the power of using a slave, it is a very
special moment. I continued worshipping her feet for several more minutes. I
then heard Sheila came back into the room.

"I hope he is treating you well," she said cheerily. Sheila had kicked off
her heels, and was still wearing her summery dress. I noticed she had the
leash and collar. She sat back down and presented her right foot in front of my
face.

"See what I bought today slave?"
I looked at the jade toe ring on her second toe. It looked so sexy.
"It is beautiful Mistress. You have such good taste." I then placed my lips
upon it and kissed it. She then pulled her foot away.

"This is Linda's moment now though."
She then handed Linda the collar and leash. Linda took it smilingly. I could
tell she was loving every minute of this. It made me feel good that I was
pleasing my Mistress' friend. She placed her hand under my chin, tilted my
face up and looked me directly in the eyes. Oh...those eyes. I quickly got
lost in them, feeling my self surrendering to her power. She then buckled
the collar around my neck, and attached the leash to the collar. She tightly
gripped the leash only about a foot from the collar. She jerked it hard a
few times as if testing its strength. Her eyes never left mine while all
this was going on. She then settled back into the couch and pulled me into
to her pantied crotch. Her aroma was strong, but not at all unpleasant. I
started kissing her through her wet panties, running my tongue underneath
them licking her oozing slit. I noticed she was shaved. My lips bunched up
her panties even more as I gently rooted my mouth and nose into her pussy. I
couldn't get enough of her. I wanted to put my whole face into it. To be
completely engulfed by it. I felt her tense, and her thighs tighten around
my neck. Her moans and the sudden rush of cream out of her pussy told me she
had orgasmed. She pushed my head away for a second and told me to take off
her panties. As I looked up I noticed she had unbuttoned her blouse and let
her large breasts spill out of her half bra. Her nipples were hard as if she
had been playing with them. Her eyes were far away now, filled with lust. I
slipped her panties down her legs and off of her feet. I kissed my way back
up to her pussy. I felt the leash being tugged hard, pulling my face deep in
her pussy. I licked and swallowed her orgasm. Her juices were thick and
creamy. Then I started nibbling her extended clit. I pressed it between my
soft lips, gently sucking on it, then flicking it with the tip of my tongue.
Then going down to her slit again, taking deep slow swipes with my tongue. I
could feel her getting wetter and wetter. She must have let go of the leash,
because I felt her fingers in my hair pulling me in deeper. I heard her
moaning get louder and louder. I knew she was on the brink of another
orgasm. I picked up my tongue speed to match her thrusts. Once again I felt
her thighs tighten around my collared neck. She was moaning loudly now,
almost screaming. And then she came, and came, and came. I felt like I was
swallowing her cream by the quarts. Finally all was quiet. I finished
cleaning her out and withdrew my face. I looked up at her smiling face. She
patted my head as if rewarding her dog. This pleased me.

"You did well slave, very well." She then turned toward Sheila. "Thank you
my dear friend for this whole experience. This has convinced me for sure to
find a submissive for Jeff and I."

Sheila's smile was beaming. I could tell she had enjoyed the show immensely.
I could also tell it had made her quite hot. "As I said before Linda, when
we have him fully trained you and Jeff are welcome to borrow him."

"I will definitely hold you to that," Linda smiled. She then looked down at
me. "Slave, dress me as I have to be on my way home. I'm going to need some
of Jeff's cock tonight. He won't know what hit him after I get through with
him," she laughed.

I then dressed her and kissed the top of her shoes when I was finished. She
patted the top of my head. She then stood up, gave Sheila a hug and bid
farewell. I could tell they were good friends. Sheila escorted her out. They
talked another fifteen or so minutes outside. I heard Sheila come in through
the garage door. I had tidied up the family room again and was putting the
glasses in the dishwasher. I turned around when I heard her voice. She was
smiling, but there was a serious tone to her demeanor.

"You pleased me this afternoon, slave. But don't think it's going to be all
fun and games. When Tom gets home tonight, you are going to be in for a very
humiliating evening."




A slave's road-Part 6

After Linda left, I finished cleaning up the kitchen. Mistress went out to
the lanai to read and relax. The sky was turning dark. A stiff wind was
coming from the north, and you could smell a storm in the air. But that was
typical for June in Indiana. Actually, I found a good storm brewing quite
romantic. The temperature cooled down and it seemed to put an erotic charge
in the air. After the dishes were put away, I went out to see if Sheila
wanted anything. She was still in her summery blue dress. She was reading
the newspaper. Her feet were bare and she was resting them on the coffee
table. Her right ankle was crossed over her left. Her soft beautiful soles
were facing me and I couldn't keep my eyes of them.

"Do you need anything Mistress?"
"You can bring me a glass of ice water and chat with me a while."
"May I get one for myself also?"
Sheila laughed heartily. "A bit thirsty are you? I guess your mouth did have
quite a work out today, didn't it?"

"Yes ma'am."
"Go ahead and get two glasses John. Then come back and sit next to me. We
need to talk some."

I came back and took a seat on the other end of the couch. She tucked her
feet under her and faced me. Her sparkling green eyes met mine.

"How do you feel about what happened this afternoon John?"
"I hope I pleased you Mistress."
"You did great John, but that's not what I'm talking about. How do you feel
inside....being used by a stranger, being loaned out by me, your owner. I
want you to tell me how you really feel. I want you to get in touch with
your submissive self, John. I want to own a part of your soul."

"I feel very free and natural when I am under your power Mistress, like it
is meant to be. I uh...well ...this is kind of hard to put in words.... "
"Go ahead John. In order for this relationship to work you must tell me
everything. Now tell me."

"I have always respected you and Tom. You are my best friends. Perhaps that
is why I have suppressed my feelings about you. I know I have always found
you beautiful, inside and out. You always seemed too far up the echelon for
me, so I relegated myself to being your friend. Not because I thought you
were stuck up, but it is just your whole demeanor. You are as down to earth
and friendly as any one I know, but you exude class. You don't even realize
you do it. It's just natural. Perhaps it's your breeding ....I don't know.
But I do know that since this weekend these feelings about you are
surfacing. I realize now that they have been there a long time. I am in love
with you Sheila."

Sheila's eyes smiled at me. She didn't speak right away, and when she did
she spoke very earnestly.

"I have good female intuition John. I have always felt certain passionate
vibes from you but I didn't realize how deep they were. You know that I love
Tom as my husband, as my mate and equal for life."

"Of course I do Mistress. And I would never want to interfere with that,
even if I could. I am sexually submissive. I would never be truly happy in a
relationship where I couldn't be submissive. What I am saying is I look at
you as my Queen. Yes I lust to be your slave, but it goes far beyond simple
lust. Your power is so deep in me Mistress. You are a part of my soul. Just
the scent of you is enough to make me completely helpless....totally in your
power. Every time I look at you, my knees get weak. Being owned by you is
having my wildest and biggest fantasy come true."

"I never realized that I had that powerful of an impact on you John. What
you just said is very special to me. It is also something I will use to
enslave you even further. From what I just heard, you are telling me you
want to be my slave with absolutely no limits; is this correct?

"Yes Mistress", I solemnly replied.
"In that case John, your training this week is going to progress much faster
than originally planned. I see no reason why I shouldn't start using you as
our full-fledged slave right now. You have no idea how much power you just
gave me with your confession.....or maybe you do", she smiled. "I want you
to shower again, put some oil all over your smooth body, dab some of my
perfume on, and put on your lace apron. You are going to meet Tom as he
comes in the door. You will be on your knees with a cold beer in a frosted
mug in your hand. We are going to use you tonight like you have never been
used before."

Just as she completed her sentence, a bolt of lightning flashed close by and
a loud clap of thunder seemed to shake the lanai. We both looked at each
other in silence. She was smiling and relaxed. I was a little timid, not
from the storm but from what she just said. I thought I would touch her
heart with my confession of love to her. Instead she took my love as a
powerful tool to lead me further down the road to total slavery. I was just
starting to realize this was not some fun, sexy, spur of the minute fling
for her. She wanted a permanent slave. Someone who would devote their life
to her......to give up their self to become her property. I knew I could
never do this with someone I didn't love, no matter how beautiful they were.
But I also knew that I couldn't deny Sheila anything. I loved her in a way
that no one else did. She knew that now, and as she said, would use that
love to enslave me totally. I felt both scared and aflame with passion. On
one side I was thinking; what in the hell have I gotten myself into, my
whole life is about to change drastically. On the other side it was much
more than thinking. It was a feeling of love and surrender that I felt down
to my soul. It made me feel more alive than I have ever felt before. I
realized there was no choice. My road was already chosen.




A SLAVE'S ROAD-PART 7

The hot shower felt good stinging against my body. I could hear the thunder
and rain outside the bathroom window. What a day it had been so far. It was
already 5:00. Tom would be home in an hour. An indescribable feeling of lust
and fear ran through me. What delicious humiliations were planned for me
tonight? Their sexual appetites seemed endless. I had completely surrendered
myself to them, and I'm sure they would take me past my limits. It made no
difference. I was getting to the point where I was letting go of all my
power, releasing it to them. Even though it had only been four days since I
started down this road, I felt that they had brought me a long way. Time is
not the only way to measure such things. After my shower, I shaved again,
rubbed in body oil, and dabbed some of Calvin Klein's Escape on certain
parts of my body. I felt like a sexy slut. I couldn't believe I was actually
looking forward to serving Tom this evening. Before leaving the guestroom, I
put on the black lace apron. I then walked into the kitchen. I could see
Sheila was still reading on the lanai. She sensed I was there and looked up.

"Come on out here", I heard her say through the open window above the sink.
I walked into the lanai. The storm had settled down. Just a steady rain and
a few deep rumblings from the sky.

"Turn around, I want to see all of you."
I turned around as ordered.
"Mm, very nice, but you do need a few accessories. Follow me upstairs to my
bedroom."
I walked behind Sheila to the bedroom. I noticed how sexily her calves
flexed as she walked up the stairs barefoot. I could also see the soles of
her feet were becoming somewhat dirty from walking around barefoot most of
the afternoon. We went through the walk-in closet to the dressing area.

"Sit down Joanie, make yourself comfortable."
She was addressing me by the feminine name they had given me on the camping
trip. I knew I was in for a serious evening of servitude. I sat down in
front of the lighted mirror. I heard Sheila happily humming while rummaging
through her jewelry box.

"Here, these should make you look sexier."
She then clipped on a pair of long, dangling gold earrings.
"I like the way the gold earrings accents your black apron," she laughed.
She then studied my face.
"Let's see, I think you could use a little color."
She then applied some make-up base, a little blush on my cheeks, and finally
some sassy pink lipstick. She studied my face again.

"Smack your lips together to even out your lipstick."
I did as she said.
"That's much better", she smiled. "I want Tom to forget about his day's work
as soon as he walks through the door. And you my little Joanie are going to
make him feel like a king tonight. Is that understood?"

"Yes Mistress", I replied.
"Good. Now stand up and let me inspect all of you. I see you shaved again.
You smell sexy, good choice of perfume. Ah, one more final touch Joanie."

She then got a much darker red shade of lipstick. She applied it liberally to my
nipples.
"You have such beautiful big nipples, I thought we should bring some attention
to them."
She then placed both of them between her thumb and finger of each hand. She
looked smilingly into my eyes. She then pinched and twisted them hard. I
half closed my eyes and grimaced in pain. She continued the relentless
pressure on them. I could now feel her strong grip pulling me down. I had no
choice but to go to my knees before her. After one more sharp squeeze she
finally let go. She then put her manicured hand under my chin and lifted my
painted face towards hers.

"I want tonight to be very special for Tom and I. Am I understood?"
"Yes Mistress."
"I want no hesitation in your actions. You are to be totally obedient to our
whims tonight. Do you understand."

"Yes Mistress", I again replied.
"If for any reason you fall short of what I consider perfect servitude, you
will be severely punished. Do I make myself clear?"

Yes Mistress, very clear."
"Good. Tom should be home in just a few minutes. Let's go downstairs and get
you ready to greet him."

We went downstairs and into the kitchen.
"The beer is in the fridge, and the frosted mug in the freezer. As soon as
you hear his car pull into the garage, pour the beer and wait just inside
the door on your knees. I am going outside to meet him. And remember Joanie,
I want total obedience from you tonight."

"Yes Mistress. I swear I will make both of you proud of me. There is nothing I
won't do for you."
Sheila smiled at me. "We shall see my pet."

At that moment we heard the garage door opening. Sheila briskly walked
toward the garage and I poured the beer as ordered. As I approached the
door, I could hear them talking and laughing outside. I knelt down about
three feet away from the entry. I heard the garage door closing, and few
seconds later the door handle was turning. I knelt there with beer in hand,
waiting to serve my owners.




A SLAVE'S ROAD-8

As the handle turned and the door opened, I was met by my two owners. You
could tell they had been joking and laughing together. They both wore broad
smiles. Kneeling in front of them in my lace apron with makeup on I held the
frosted mug out to Tom.

"Welcome home sir, please accept this cold beer from your lowly slave."
"Don't mind if I do Joanie", Tom said answering me with my fem name.
"Doesn't Joanie look adorable", Sheila said. "I made sure she not only was
dressed for you, but also her attitude was ready for you."

"Is that right Joanie? You know Monday's a tough day and I could really use
a slut to take away all my stress. Are you going to be my slut tonight, Joanie?"

"Yes sir", I meekly answered.
"It's a little cool outside for the lanai tonight," Sheila said. "Why don't
you fetch me a glass of wine, and serve it to me. Tom and I will be on the
couch here in the family room."

"As you wish Mistress."
I then scurried off to get Sheila's wine. When I returned, they were
together on the couch. I handed the wine to her but she did not take it.
Instead she looked down with her eyes as if trying to tell me something. I
understood her gesture and kneeled. She then accepted the Chablis.

"Joanie," Tom said. "I have been on a building site most of the afternoon.
As you can see my shoes have gotten quite dirty. Any suggestions on cleaning
them?"

He was being quite brazen with me. I could tell he was really getting off on
his power. I looked at his shoes, then up at both of them. Sheila's eyes
were piercing, almost angry with me. I then remembered her lecture on
hesitating to carry out their demands. I moved my face down to his oxblood,
tasseled loafers. I stuck out my tongue and started licking the dust off the
surface. I could taste the dirt in my mouth. How humiliating this was to
lick another man's shoes. I also knew my cock was as hard as a rock. They
just looked down at me in silence wearing small but contented smiles. When I
was done cleaning the surface of both shoes, Tom lifted the bottoms of them
to my face.

"Don't forget the soles slut. What would our clientele say if I went to work
with dirty soles?"
He and Sheila both laughed heartily at this.
I used the flat of my tongue to clean both soles. I had to swallow a couple
of small chunks of dirt. I could taste them dissolving in my mouth. I
cleaned both soles thoroughly. My mind was telling me this was too much, but
my cock said different. I tried relieving my conscience by telling myself I
was doing it for Sheila. But I knew I enjoyed serving him in this humbling way.

"You did good Joanie," Tom said. He then put his arm around Sheila and said
"You have really brought him a long way since this morning hon. You must
have really put him through the ringer today."

Sheila giggled at Tom's remarks. "He got quite an education today. Not only
did he serve myself and Linda, he also revealed something very special to me."

"And what was that?"
I couldn't believe she was going to tell him. Even though Tom wasn't the
jealous type, it was just too personal. Sheila nudged my face with her dirty
soul. She had a smile on her face like the cat that got the canary. Then she
really floored me.

"Why don't you tell him John", she said teasingly, while she stroked my cheek
with her toes.
"I...I uh...I told Mistress that I was in love with her", I stammered.
I could feel the blood pouring into my face. I must have been blushing a
deep red. I actually felt grateful that I had some makeup on. Sheila didn't
help me out at all. She sat there smiling, enjoying my embarrassing predicament.

"And what did my wife say back, John," he asked with a smirk on his face.
"She said she would use my love for her to enslave me even further."
He really let loose with a big laugh at this statement. His eyes were even
watering up.
"I should have known that would be her reaction", he said still laughing.
"Remember on the way to the lake when I told you if you give her an inch,
she would take a mile?"

"Yes sir."
"Well now you know I wasn't kidding. All this woman has talked about since
she found out about your submissiveness is enslaving you. She has a mind
like a trial lawyer. You don't stand a chance John. She will use everything
she can to own you. Even your love."

"Don't make me sound too conniving Tom. After all, this is what you want and
have always dreamed about,,,,isn't it John?"

I looked up at her. Her mouth was smiling that sweet beautiful smile, but
her eyes were dead serious. She wanted to own me, plain and simple.

"You know it is Mistress. I am prepared to give up my life, to be your slave."
She beamed at my statement. I even felt that Tom was moved a little.
"And in return, as long as you are loyal and subservient to us, we will
never release you. That is unless you want to leave."

She knew that I couldn't leave even if I wanted to. I was too deeply tangled
in her seductive web of dominance. Sheila finally broke the uncomfortable
silence.
"John, there are three nice steaks in the fridge. Why don't you grill them
while Tom and I have a another round of drinks. We both take our steaks medium
rare."

"And speaking of another round", Tom said. "We are ready for one."
"And John", Sheila added. "Grab yourself a beer too. I think you're going to
need it."
"Thank you Mistress, I feel I need it already."
I then fetched them their drinks, and then started grilling the steaks. The
weather had cooled down quite a bit, so I used the Jen-air grill in the
kitchen. We all had a few more drinks and ate heartily. After dinner they
retired to the family room again for a nightcap. This time I was not offered
another beer. I was told to clean up the kitchen and return to them when
finished. When I returned, I found them kissing passionately on the couch.
They broke their embrace when they saw me walk in. Tom looked at me with
lust in his eyes. He started massaging his cock through his pants. He spoke
softly, but firmly.

"Now it is time to start fulfilling your slut duties Joanie."




A SLAVE'S ROAD-Part 9

I looked at him and then at Sheila. Her eyes were also filled with lust. I
felt like a defenseless prey being circled by a couple of predators. They
had their leather case full of toys on the couch. I knew this night was
going to be my most humiliating yet. Tom spoke again.

"You can start by kneeling and taking off my shoes and socks."
I knelt and started taking off Tom's shoes. Sheila got something out of the
case, stood up, and walked behind me. I felt her hands on my shoulders and
her warm breath in my ear. Her whisper was soft and sexy.

"Tonight is going to be very special for all of us. Your total obedience is
a necessary requirement. You are going to fulfill all of our wishes tonight,
aren't you?"

"Yes Mistress", I answered.
She then reached over me and placed a clamp on my right nipple. She started
tightening the thumbscrew. After a few turns, I started moaning in pain.

"Oh, poor baby....does that hurt?"
"Yes Mistress", I said with emotion in my voice.
"Good, then another full turn should be perfect", she said.
She then proceeded to do just that. I again moaned in pain. My plea was ignored.
She then attached and tightened one to the left nipple.
"He's all ready for you Tom."
Tom then reached over and took out a miniature gold chain. It was in the
shape of a Y. The two shorter ends had small clips on them. He clipped each
one to the rings in my nipple clamps.

"That should be an incentive to serve your Master correctly", he smiled.
He then tugged sharply on the chain.
"Oh, please Master...please, it hurts so much!"
"As it is suppose to my slut. Now finish taking off my shoes and socks.
I did as ordered. There was a slight odor coming from his feet. He had very
attractive feet for a man. They were strong, but not callused, high arched, and
tanned.

"Now take off my pants and be quick about it."
He followed this command with another quick but gentler jerk of the chain. I
grimaced in pain, but proceeded to follow his order. I soon had his pants
and underpants off. He was at full mast. His huge cock was already dripping
with pre cum. He started pulling me steadily toward him, choking up on the
chain as I got closer. When my face was a foot away from his chest, he
released the chain. I felt his hands on the top of my head, pushing my face
down to his cock.

"First lick and swallow the pre cum Joanie", he said, referring to me as his fem
slut again.
I used the flat of my tongue to lick sensuously all around his head and
upper shaft, not missing a drop. I then enclosed my mouth over the upper
half of his cock, swirling my tongue over it as I sucked it. I even backed
off and used the very tip of my tongue to penetrate his pee hole, wriggling
it in as deep as I could. I could hear and feel his response to my
worshipful performance. He was moaning in lust, and his hands were gripping
and re-gripping my head as his passion was growing to a fever pitch. I also
heard Sheila leave the room, now that she had me focused on serving her
husband. Tom's hands pushed down harder, forcing me to take all of his cock.
I could feel his head driving past the back of my mouth and into my throat.
I choked a minimal amount, learning from before to relax my esophagus and
let it slide in. He was really ramming me now. With his strong hands holding
my head steady, his pelvis was moving forcefully in and out, hammering my
mouth and throat with his cock. I was trying my best to stay with him,
keeping my mouth wet, and my throat relaxed. At this point I was nothing
more than an object to him. My mouth was his pleasure toy. I was his
property, his slave.

"I see Joanie is serving you well", Sheila said, coming back into the room.
"Oh", Tom moaned. "This slut is so into pleasing."
"Tell me about it", Sheila laughed. "I've had her all day. I think she would
be happy to serve us twenty four hours a day, seven days a week."

Tom lifted my head off his cock, placed his heels on the edge of the couch,
and pushed my face forcefully under his thighs and into his ass. The couch
grounding into my nipple clamps made me squeal in pain. I got no sympathy.

"Get your tongue in my ass slut. I want to feel it all the way up there."
I nuzzled my face into his ass, the bridge of my nose going deeply between
his cheeks. My long tongue snaked into his crack, licking it with passion
and obedience. I found his hole and penetrated it as much as I could.

"Deeper slut, you're not even getting all the way in there."
I muffled a yes sir, but I doubt he understood me. The next thing I felt was
he pulling my head out. He lifted the chain so my eyes were looking up at his.
"When I say tongue my ass, I want to feel you all the way up
there...understood?"
"I..I'm sorry sir. I got in as far as possible. I was at a bad angle sir."
He pulled the chain hard, and kept the pressure on.
"Are you making excuses slave?"
"Oh sir", I cried out. "I swear I was doing the best I could."
"Maybe your best is not good enough."
"Perhaps he needs a little reminder of his status", Sheila mused.

Sheila walked from behind me and sat down next to Tom. I hadn't seen her
since her return. She looked stunning. She was wearing a strapless black
leather bra and matching thong. Her beautiful ass was completely exposed.
She also had on thigh high black hose, with 4" open-toed slides. Even Tom
was gawking.

"God, you look sexy hon", he said.
"You're just saying that because Joanie here has got you all hot and bothered",
she teased.
"I can't deny that, but you really do look hot."
"Thanks, looks like you're ready to explode", she said looking at his cock.
Mmm...I am sooo horney right now. Have any suggestions", he asked teasingly.
"How about a nice slow fuck with me on top. All you have to do is lay back and
enjoy it."
"What about our favorite slut", he asked looking at me. "Just want to let him
watch and suffer?"
"I was thinking more like listen and suffer", she said smiling wickedly at me.
"I can see you have another one of your ideas. I can almost hear the wheels
turning. You're like Lucy in leather", he laughed.

"You wouldn't want it any other way", she quipped back.
"You're right, you always keep things exciting. Did I ever tell you you're
one hell of a woman?"
"Not today", she said.

"You're one hell of a woman, and I am one hell of a lucky man."
With that they both started making out while I watched from my knees. Their
obvious love and feelings for each other sincerely touched me. After being
married for several years, they still were hot for each other. Sheila looked
down at me and smiled.

"Before Tom and I get going too strong here," she said to me. "You and I have to
take a short trip."
I didn't say anything. I knew she was up to something but didn't know what.
She stood up and left the room again. Moments later she returned with a
couple of electronic devices. They were white plastic cased, and about half
the size of shoeboxes.

"These are two-way wireless audio monitors," she said. "They are similar to
the baby monitors, but quite a bit better. You can talk and listen on both
ends. One will be placed here while Tom and I make love."

"And where will the other be, " I asked.
"With you, of course," Sheila smiled down at me, knowing that was not the answer
I wanted.
"And where will he be," asked Tom.
"I introduced him to one of your projects today, hon."
"And which one was that," Tom asked.
Looking at me like a cat about to eat a mouse she said "The one in the bathroom,
of course."
I know I visibly flinched when she said that. Her eyes and smile remained on
me. She loved seeing me squirm, and she knew just how to make me squirm.

"I didn't use it yet, Tom. Just showed it to him. I wanted you there the first
time we used it."
She emphasized the word we. Oh...It would be humiliating enough being her
toilet, but both of theirs?

"Perhaps he will think twice before making another excuse," Sheila added.
I thought about pleading my case again, but knew it would do no good. They
knew I served them the best I could. This was just their way of telling me
they were always right, no matter what, and no excuse would be tolerated. Of
course it was sending a strong signal to me that I had better give them 100%
devotion for every command.

"Are you ready for the next level Joanie," she asked.
I was speechless, so I just nodded.
"Good," she said. "Let's take these off first."
She then unscrewed the nipple clamps and pulled them off. The pain was
unbearable. The blood rushed to my nipples. I actually rolled on the floor,
rubbing them with my hands while moaning in pain. After a few moments, the
pain finally subsided. Sheila stood up towering over me. She placed the toe
of her shoe on my crotch.

"I want you to follow us, crawling on your hands and knees."
Tom and her then started walking slowly toward the stairs. I scrambled to my
hands and knees and crawled after them. As I was following them up the
stairs, the sight of both their asses above me made me forget about the
intense pain I had felt just a minute ago. I crawled to their bedroom,
through the walk-in closet, through the dressing room, and into the
bathroom. Sheila stepped into the over sized shower while Tom held the door
opened for me. I followed her in, with Tom coming in last. She placed the
monitor on the tiled bench, next to the opening. She lifted the lid, which
turned on the light inside the cavity. She then swung open the hinged, tiled
door on the bottom wall of the bench, which was directly under the top hole.
She latched it to the bench wall. She then pulled up the aluminum frame
allowing access to the bottom opening. She looked down at me. She wasn't
smiling when she spoke.

"On your back John."
I obeyed.
"Now slide your head inside."

I moved forward on my back until my head was inside the lighted cavity. She
then slid the aluminum frame down. The half circle cut out, on the bottom of
the frame, came just above my neck. I knew I couldn't bring my head back
out. I then heard her open the cabinet door on the wall. I next heard the
sound of a padlock being snapped.

"There," she said, jiggling the aluminum frame. "Locked in place."
Her face appeared over the opening. Now she was smiling.

"How does feel to be a prisoner in our toilet, John?"
I was speechless. I didn't know what to say. I then felt a foot on my cock.
It had to have been Toms, since Sheila was still at my face.

"From the look of his cock, he doesn't seem to mind," Tom said.
Sheila was still looking down at my face, smiling even broader.
"It doesn't matter if you mind or not, does it John?"
"No Mistress," I said.
My voice sounded as if it came from a cheap synthesizer. It was very low and
had a slight echo. Both Sheila and Tom started laughing.

"An unexpected surprise," Sheila said. "We have a talking toilet."
They both laughed again. I felt so humiliated, being the butt of their joke.
"Tom and I are going back downstairs. Don't worry though, it will be as if
we never left. You'll hear everything we say and do."

They then left, leaving the monitor next to the opening. I lay there in
silence for a few moments. I then heard their voices. They sounded as if
they were still in the shower.

"I'm going to get myself another glass of wine," Sheila was saying. "You want
another beer?"
"Sure," Tom answered. "Although my bladder is starting to fill up."
"I'm sure you can hold it for awhile. I know I want to make sure mine is at
full capacity," Sheila chuckled cruelly.

I could tell she was leaving the room because her voice was fading. They
were obviously playing mind games with me. They were pushing every one of my
masochistic buttons. Even though their motives were obvious, it was working
like a charm. The fear and excitement running through me right now had never
been greater. Sheila returned with the drinks.

"Ah," Tom moaned, as he took a swig from his beer. "That really hits the spot."
"As does the wine dear," Sheila chirped. "But on to more important things,
like that beautiful hard cock of yours. I'm going to slip off my heels,
mount you, and fuck you to the couch."

I could even hear her high heels hitting the floor. I next heard them getting in
position on the couch.
"Oh Tom, I am sopping wet. I am so hot."
"Oh, that feels so good Sheila. Our slut has gotten my balls so full of cum."
"Just make it last for me hon."

I could hear their voices getting more and more excited. I could even hear
their breathing getting heavier. Now it was pure animal lust. I could hear
bodies slapping against each other and their moans of passion. They went on
and on. What control Tom had. I knew he had been on the brink of cumming for
a long time, but here he was holding out for Sheila's orgasm.

"Ah....Ah.....Oh Tom!!!"
Sheila's voice was at a fever pitch. She was cumming and cumming.
"I'm cumming Sheila!"
They were both having their intense orgasms simultaneously. I lay there and
listened as they finally wound down to silence. I heard nothing for several
minutes. I could picture them, with Sheila still lying on top, both
embracing each other. Words were unnecessary. Finally I heard them moving.

"Hand me your sock, hon," I heard Sheila saying.
"What for?"
"For my stopper," Sheila chuckled. "I don't want to lose any of your precious
cum."
"Oh, you are wicked," Tom chuckled back.
"I know," she said quite seriously. "God that was great," Sheila said. "I
can't remember the last time I had an orgasm that intense."
"Me neither," Tom lazily responded.
You could tell they were both relaxed and content.
"Hand me my wine dear."
I heard the containers of their drinks clinking together.
"Here's to our ownership of John," Tom said.
"It does seem like it will work out quite well, doesn't it."
I then heard them drinking their drinks.
"Speaking of John," Sheila said. "I have to pee."
"Me too," Tom said a bit dreamily.

I could sense that they were once again becoming aroused. Their voices
became silent, but I could hear body movements, as if they were hugging and
kissing.
"Mmm," Sheila moaned. "Let's not get started again just yet. I really do have to
pee badly."
"Then let's go," Tom answered back.
I heard them stand up and leave the room. A moment later I heard them coming
into the bathroom. This time the sound was not coming from the monitor. I
heard the shower door open. I could feel sexual pulses surging through my
body. My skin felt alive. I knew I was reaching a new plateau of submission.
I felt Sheila's nylon foot pressing down hard on my cock.

"His cock is like granite. He's such a slut."
"All the better for us my dear," Tom answered back.
Sheila stepped up on top of me. I couldn't believe what was happening. Her
weight was evenly distributed between my cock and stomach. I felt no pain.
She started walking up my body with slow deliberate steps. She stopped with
both feet planted on my chest. She bent down from her waist, placing her
hands on each side of the toilet seat. Looking up at her beautiful smiling
face, I felt wave after wave of submissive bliss running through me. I knew
there was no turning back. I would be her slave for life. I would make sure
I did everything possible to please her; to make sure she would never want to
release me.

"Are you ready for this," she asked seriously.
"Yes Mistress," I said without hesitation.
She then turned around on my chest. She slowly lowered her beautiful naked
ass toward the seat. I could see the sock was still in her pussy. Lower and
lower her ass came towards me. Finally she was seated. Her feet still rested
on my chest. The light lit up the top half of the cavity. I could see
everything. I watched as her hand reached down and removed the sock. A huge
glob of cum landed on my face. I heard her moan, and then grunt. I could see
her pussy twitching and opening as she put pressure on her bladder. Then it
came. Her golden nectar. At first slowly, then with more and more force. My
face and hair were being soaked. I even opened my mouth to swallow some of
it. I wanted to taste and smell all of it. At that cherished moment, I was
her toilet. It just kept coming and coming. I didn't want it to end, but it
finally tapered off to just a dribble. She even squeezed a couple of last
squirts out, making sure she was completely empty. I lay there at the bottom
of her toilet, drenched in her pee, smelling her entire aroma. I was her
slave. She sat there for a moment, without moving. Tom had not spoken a
word. I could picture him taking in this scene in awe of his beautiful wife.
Finally she stood up. She stepped off me and sat on the bench, next to the
seat. She looked down at me. Her face was oddly content, smiling, and
radiant. When she spoke, she was relaxed and confident.

"I just want you to know that was one most fantastic things I have ever
experienced. I have never felt more powerful and whole. I truly do appreciate
your sacrifice John."
I just looked up into her eyes, probably looking like a drowned rat to her.
I didn't know what to say, so I said nothing.

"There was one thing I wish I could have seen though," she continued. "I
wish I could have seen the pee actually splattering on to your face.
Watching your expression as it sunk in to you how low you have gone for us.
Do you realize how far you have come in less than a week?

She didn't wait for my answer. I saw her head turn towards Tom.
"Come here hon," she said softly.
I saw Tom's shadow looming over me. Sheila returned her gaze to me.
"Even though I can't see my pee splashing over you, I can see the next best
thing."
She reached out and grabbed Tom's cock. He stood over me with a foot on each
side of my shoulders. He came into view as he stepped up. Sheila, smiling
down at me, directed his cock at my face.

"He's all yours, hon," was all she said.
Tom looked down at me and smiled.
"Ready for part two slave?"
"Yes Master," I humbly answered.
Then with Sheila holding on to his cock, he moaned out lustfully. His pee
started jetting out on to my face. Sheila was moving his cock all around,
making sure the piss caught every part of my face. His aroma was much
stronger than hers. My nostrils were filled with his smell. His bladder had
to have been full, as he seems to have peed forever. Finally the last
squirts came out. Sheila even shook it for him, watching the last drops hit me.
I knew I would never be the same again. My mind was going back to my
previous life; work, playing pick-up basketball, fishing, drinking a few
beers with my friends. It all seemed a million years away now. I was not
that person anymore. I was a slave. I was their property.

"Alright," Sheila said, bringing me out of my trance. "You can come out now."
She unlocked the frame and lifted it up. I slid out and kneeled before them.
"Take the hose off the wall and rinse down everything thoroughly. Make sure
the entire toilet is scrubbed and rinsed. Even pour a little bleach in the
drain at the bottom."

They walked to the other side, about fifteen feet away, and turned on the
shower. They both bathed each other while I watched and carried out my
chores. My face and hair were still covered with their pee. When they were
done, they told me to shower, and report to them in the bedroom. I of
course, would do as they commanded.




A SLAVE'S ROAD- Part 10

I showered and thoroughly scrubbed myself over and over. I washed my hair three
times. I made sure there was no sign or smell of the act that had just
transpired. Funny, it wasn't so much for me, but for them. I knew they wanted a
spotlessly clean slave when I returned. I dried off, brushed my hair, and
brushed my teeth with my finger and toothpaste. I then walked into the bedroom.
Sheila and Tom were lying naked on top of their huge bed, holding each other,
half watching the eleven o'clock news. They looked up at me when I entered. They
both were looking at me in a different way. I knew, as did they, that our
friendship was a very small part of our relationship now. My slavery was what
really mattered to them. Sheila spoke first.
"Kneel at the foot of the bed slave."
I did as ordered, kneeling, looking at the soles of their feet.
"I want you to thank us for the privilege of being our toilet," Sheila
commanded.
"Thank you Mistress and Master for allowing me to be your toilet. It was truly
an honor to receive your precious golden nectar."
"Now finalize your statement by kissing the bottom of our feet," she continued.
I leaned forward and pressed my lips to the bottom of both pairs of feet.
Kissing them softly and reverently.
"That was good slave. You have served us well tonight. I want you to get a good
night's sleep in the guestroom, as you will be quite busy tomorrow."
I didn't want to leave them. Even to sleep on the floor beside their bed would
be better than being separated from them. I was realizing how important they
were to me. They were becoming more and more instrumental to my self worth. I
wanted and needed their approval. I did not want to sound contrary to Sheila's
command so I softened and humbled my next statement as much as possible.
"Mistress and Master.....I uh...it would....well...."
Finally Sheila ended my babbling.
"Go ahead and say it. You have been a perfect slave tonight. You may speak your
mind."
"Thank you Mistress....I uh...you two have become very important to my
life....and tonight I went to a level of submission I never dreamed of
achieving. I would be so grateful to you if I could sleep in the same room. Even
on the floor, just to be close to you."
They both looked at me. They seemed to be touched at what I had said. Sheila
spoke again.
"You are really becoming quite dependent on us, aren't you John?"
It was more of a statement than a question. But, I knew she expected my
confirmation.
"Yes, more than I ever could have imagined ma'am."
Tom looked at his wife and spoke.
"My God Sheila, you have totally enslaved him in less than four days!"
"It has been a labor of love honey, I had no idea how easy it would be. He is
the perfect subject. His lifelong fantasies have been preparing him for this
time in his life. All I had to do was to recognize his weaknesses and exploit
them. Thanks to the luck of running into his ex wife that fateful day, we now
have ourselves a full fledged slave."
Sheila reached down and grabbed Tom's growing cock.
"You seem to like that idea hon," she smiled.
More and more," Tom answered. "The idea of having him at our beck and call all
the time......well, it is so damn sexy and powerful to me."
"Me too, me too," Sheila dreamily responded.
They were both obviously getting hot again. Tom now had a full hard-on, and I
could see Sheila was becoming wet.
"So," Sheila said. "We will allow you to spend the night with us. Of course
there will be a price to pay," She smiled.
"Anything you wish....anything," I pleaded.
"You are truly a slut John," Tom laughed.
"You know," Sheila said. "You never did finish giving Tom his blowjob."
"I know ma'am. About the time I got him really excited, you took over."
"But you generated so much cum in his balls, one orgasm is not going to be
enough. I mean look at him. He's as hard as a rock again."
With that she started stroking his cock, never letting her eyes leave mine.
"I know what you're thinking," she continued. "You're thinking that sucking his
cock isn't much of a price to pay for the privilege of sleeping in our room
tonight. Am I right?"
"Yes ma'am," I admitted.
"Well then, what do you think we should do about that?"
I thought for a few seconds trying to come up with something. I felt like a
third grader being asked a question I didn't know in front of the entire class.
The bedroom was so silent, I could hear the clock ticking. I know they both were
enjoying my discomfort. I finally just blurted out the only thing that came to
my mind.
"I thought...uhmm...that since I served you so well tonight....you know being
your toilet and all...uh...that perhaps you would accept that as the price I
...uh...I already paid.
"Oh John," she laughed heartily. "Is that the best you can come up with? Being
our toilet is servicing our bodily functions. That's just part of being a slave.
If you think that was a one-time thing, then you better think again. In fact, if
I have to pee tonight, and don't feel like getting out of bed....guess what? You
are going to attach those talented lips around my slit, and swallow every drop."
She paused for a few seconds after that statement. Letting what she had just
said sink in. It did. Fear and excitement were running rampantly through every
inch of my body. Her laughing green eyes studied me closely. She knew exactly
what I was feeling. She then spoke again.
"Since you can't come up with anything John, I guess I will have to deem out the
necessary sacrifice."
"As long as part of it includes taking care of this hard cock," Tom added.
"Don't worry about that," Sheila laughed. "I am sure our slave is looking
forward to thataren't you slut?"
"Yes Mistress," I answered.
"Why don't you tell your Master how much you are looking forward to it," she
said to me.
She was still stroking Tom's cock. You could see the purple veins starting to
show. Pre cum was oozing from his pee hole. They both were smiling at me,
waiting for my response.
"Sir. I very much want to please you."
"You can do better than that," Tom answered. "I want to hear how much you enjoy
it. I want you to beg me for the privilege."
Oh man, this was tough. This man has been my best friend for most of my life. Up
until a few days ago, I had never had a sexual thought about him or Sheila. Now
he was commanding me to beg him to suck his cock. I opened my mouth, and the
words came out effortlessly. I even amazed myself.
"Please sirI am begging you to let me please you orally. To lick and suck your
balls.and take every inch of your beautiful cock down my throat. To swirl my
obedient tongue around your headbringing you to a glorious orgasm. Then of
course it would be the utmost honor to swallow your cumand cleaning off any
residue left on you ."
They both smiled broadly.
"That was much better slut. Now I want you to crawl up here and start fulfilling
your promise."
I did as ordered. I crawled up onto the bed and squirmed my body from the foot
upward until my face was at his manhood. Sheila's hand was still on his cock.
With my face inches away, she pushed forward until it was touching my lips. I
started kissing and licking the head sensuously. I ran my tongue from the crack
of his ass, over the bottom of his balls, to the tip of his cock. I felt Tom's
pushing hands on the back of my head, his cock forcing my mouth open. I took it
allno longer choking when it slid into my throat. I became so engrossed in
pleasing him, I barely noticed Sheila leaving the bed. Tom was moaning loudly,
enjoying my talented mouth. I knew he could cum anytime he wanted, but he so
enjoyed my submission, he was holding out for as long as he could. A few I felt
the bed move. Sheila was coming up behind me. She lay on my back and nuzzled her
lips into my ear. She kissed my ear lobe and ran her tongue inside. She then
whispered to me. Her voice was soft yet demanding.
"John. I want you to get on your knees, with your ass in the air. Do not take
your mouth or attention off Tom's cock."
I did as she ordered. I then felt her hand between my cheeks. She was spreading
something creamy and slick inside my crack, mostly concentrating on my hole. As
her hand disappeared, I felt it replaced by something large and fairly hard. Her
hands grabbed my hips and her body pushed forward. I now knew what price I was
going to pay. The large dildoe worked it's head into my orifice. It felt huge!
She was pushing slowly but steadily. Finally it went past the entrance of my
hole. I relaxed as much as possible. Sheila kept fucking me deeper. I felt every
inch of it as it work it's way up my chute. Finally her body was touching mine.
It was all the way in. I felt so full, like my entire insides were stretched to
the max. Now that is was in, Sheila started to pick up her rhythm. She was
fucking me relentlessly. Meanwhile Tom was slamming his cock in and out of my
mouth. Actually grabbing my hair and forcing my head down as his pelvis moved
up. I was growing dizzy with lust. Sheila's cock in my ass was feeling better
and better. I even loved the rough way Tom was fucking my face. I felt like such
a whore.and I loved it! The pace of both of them picked up faster and faster.
Their moaning grew louder. I could feel Tom's cock swell even more inside my
mouth. His grip tightened on my head as he held it firmly. His body trembled.
Then rope after rope of thick, warm cum splashed down my throat. He just kept
cumming. I swallowed it allnot missing a drop. After a couple of minutes, he
released his grip. His cock was shrinking inside my mouth, and soon he pulled
out. Now my senses were solely on Sheila's cock in my ass. She was stroking me
at a fever pitch. I had never felt the sensations I was feeling now. It felt
like an itch deep down inside was being erotically scratched. My cock was hard,
and my balls full. Her pumping and moaning kept intensifying. I knew she was on
the brink of orgasm. I could have cum easily myself, but I needed their
permission. She started almost screaming with lust. Her body was twitching on my
backside. And then it happened. Her climax was long and powerful. Finally she
slumped over, her body resting on me. After a few minutes of silence she pulled
out of me. Tom was looking on in awe. He had obviously enjoyed the show. Sheila
got off the bed and I laid over on my back. For the first time I saw what was
fucking me. It was at least eight inches of a flesh colored cock. It even had
it's own set of balls. Behind the balls was a soft plastic base that molded up
to her mound. Then another cock protruded from the other side into Sheila's
pussy. She pulled it out and held it out towards me.
"You were a marvelous fuck John. So tight. Now you can take this to the bathroom
and thoroughly clean it. Just leave it on the sink top, as you will be cleaning
this entire house tomorrow."
I did as she said. When I returned to the bedroom, the lights were out. Sheila,
hearing me come in, told me to curl up at the foot of the bed and go to sleep. I
was so horny, but I knew she had chosen to deny me my orgasm. As I lay on my
back, the sole of her foot came down and rested on my face. With my balls full
of cum and her wonderful scented foot on my face, I had trouble getting to
sleep. I could hear Tom lightly snoring, and Sheila's restful breathing. Finally
I dozed off into dreamland myself.




A SLAVE'S ROAD~PART 11

I awoke alone, still at the foot of the bed. The morning sunlight was streaming
through the window. I just lay there and thought about what had transpired the
night before. My thoughts and feelings were mixed. Did I really commit those
acts? It almost seemed like a faded dream now. But the more awake I became, the
sharper my memory became. The servicing of Tom, the anal rape from Sheila, the
teasing humiliation from both of them..and most vivid was being inside their
toilet. I could still see everything from that view at the bottom. Both fear and
excitement ran through me. I knew now, without a doubt that they were taking me
all the way. Hell, I don't know if I could leave now if I wanted to. I know my
life was changing permanently, but I also knew these delicious, submissive
feelings running through my body were something I had always craved, but never
had felt to this degree. My cock was as hard as steel. But it wasn't just my
cock that was enslaved. It was also my body, mind and soul. I stretched in the
bed, feeling some soreness from the night before. It actually felt nice, as if
it were a gift from my owners. I craned my neck to look at the clock on the
table. It was 9:00. I slowly got up, stretched my naked body again, and started
downstairs to my room to shower, shave, and dress for the day. As I headed
downstairs, I heard two voices coming from the kitchen. They were both female.
One was Sheila, but I didn't recognize the other. I quietly walked through the
family room toward my bedroom, which was right before the kitchen. I slowly
opened the bedroom door and stepped inside, closing it behind me. I showered,
shaved and took care of my normal morning ritual. When I stepped back into the
bedroom, I noticed there was a pair of black silk bikini panties and a black
lace apron lying on the foot of the bed. A note lay on top of the apron. It read
"put these on and report to me in the kitchen". Sheila had signed it. I put the
two items of humiliating attire on and headed toward the kitchen. I hesitated
before entering, just outside the entryway. As if Sheila could see through the
wall, she spoke loud and clear.
"Don't be bashful John, come on in."
I nervously approached the entrance and walked in. Sheila and her friend were
sitting at the table. I could tell Sheila had already been through her morning
workout. Her body glistened with a light sheen of perspiration. She wore her
spandex shorts and a black T-shirt. She had already taken off her tennies and
socks. I looked at her friend. I know I was blushing. She was smiling at me with
her perfectly white even teeth. Her eyes looking me over from top to bottom. She
was a very pretty, sassy looking black lady. Her looks reminded me of Toni
Braxton. Her chair was facing away from the table and towards me. Her hair was
cut short and stylish. Her face was beautiful, a creamy mocha complexion, high
cheekbones, full lips, cute nose, and dark intelligent eyes which sparkled with
a playful curiosity. She had obviously been working out with Sheila. She wore a
one piece, aqua green, spandex outfit. The bottom part came to the upper thigh,
and the upper was the tank top style, which bared her shoulders and cleavage.
She was petite and in shape. I would guess her height to be 5'2" and her weight
at 110lbs. Her age was probably around thirty. She had her left leg over her
right and was swinging her foot. She had dancer's legs. She still had on her
white tennies and socks. Finally Sheila broke the silence.
"Kim, this is John. John this is my good friend Kim."
Kim spoke first. Her voice was perky, yet it also purred. "It's nice to meet you
John. Sheila has been telling me all about you." She had that ability to smile
as she talked.not only with her mouth, but with her eyes as well.
"Nice to meet you also Kim" I half murmured.
"Why don't you freshen up our coffee, pour yourself a cup and join in," Sheila
said.
"I will take just a touch of cream in mine," Kim added.
I poured their coffee and sat down in between them. I felt so ridiculous in my
outfit. Kim just smilingly looked me over. Every time I would look at her, her
eyes would be looking into mine, and I would look away after a second or two.
She finally spoke.
"Nice outfit John. It's really flatters you."
I thought Sheila was going to fall out of the chair laughing. Kim just kept
looking at me and smiling. Then she spoke again.
"Is it just show, or do you really clean house?"
I was so embarrassed I didn't say anything. She just kept on smiling, feeling
and enjoying my awkwardness. Sheila was still laughing.
"Well", she said. "Do you really perform maid duties or not?"
I knew now she expected an answer.
"IuhI am just learning. Sheila is training me."
Sheila lifted her bare foot and nudged my thigh. Kim could plainly see the move.
"That's Mistress Sheila, John." Sheila corrected me.
"Yes Mistress Sheila," I responded.
"And you can refer to Kim as Mistress also. Do I make myself clear?"
"Yes Mistress, perfectly."
Kim was just listening to all of this with a knowing smile on her pretty face.
Sheila again spoke.
"In fact, why don't you make her feel at home and ask her if she needs
anything."
I looked into Kim's eyes. "Mistress Kim, is there anything I can do for you"?
"Sheila has been telling me you give a great foot massage. After our three mile
run this morning, I could sure use one."
As she said this, she swung her leg higher than usual, extended her pointed
foot, and held it there for a couple of seconds before swinging it down again.
All without breaking eye contact. This woman knew exactly what she was doing.
&nbsp;
I got out of my chair and sat before her cross-legged. Kim uncrossed her leg and
placed her shoe on my thigh. I looked into her large brown eyes, getting lost in
them for a second. She nudged my thigh and spoke.
"Get on with it slave".
"Yes Mistress, sorry Mistress," I answered.
I unlaced her white running shoes. Pulling the shoe by the heel, I slipped it
off her foot. Her white anklet socked foot raised and pointed toward my mouth.
Holding it just inches from my mouth, she spoke again.
"Use your mouth to remove my sock, slut."
"Oh, you are a wicked one Kim," Sheila laughingly said.
"I've seen his type before. You have to establish who is in charge right away.
It's actually very close to training a dog."
Meanwhile, I had placed my lips just at the top and rear of the anklet and was
pulling it off her foot. As I pulled it down her foot, my lips and nose dragged
along her sole. MM.her odor was intoxicating. It was an earthy jasmine scent.
It must have been a combination of her perspiration from the run and perfume she
had put on earlier. I pulled it completely off and lay the sock down. I then did
the same with the other foot. After her feet were bare, I finally looked at
them. They were very feminine and soft. A small arch, average width, and long
toes. You could tell they were professionally taken care of. Her nails were
bright red, which contrasted nicely to her brown tops. As with most women of
African heritage, her soles were noticeably lighter than the rest of her foot. I
found this very erotic. I lifted her right foot and started kneading the sole
with my thumb. I passionately massaged her entire foot, even massaging each
individual toe softly between my thumb and finger. I worked the muscles of her
legs as far as I could reach. As I massaged, she and Sheila continued their
conversation as if I wasn't there. From what I could gather, Kim was a lawyer
for one of the brokerage firms Sheila used in her real estate deals. I could
also sense they had been good friends for a long time. Occasionally Kim would
look down at me and tell me to concentrate on this spot or rub a little harder.
After a good thirty minutes, she told me to get her and Sheila another cup of
coffee. When I refilled their cups, Sheila told me to assume the position again
and massage her feet and legs. I, of course, did as commanded. Once again I
worked my magic, and once again they basically ignored me. After another thirty
minutes, Sheila told me to start cleaning the house. I started upstairs with
their bathroom, cleaning the sinks, toilet and shower. Mopping the floor and
cleaning the mirrors. After two hours of working my ass off, I took a break. I
had been sitting in one of the bedroom chairs for only five minutes when Sheila
and Kim came into the room.
"What's going on John," Sheila said seriously. "Why aren't you working?"
"I have been Mistress. I am just taking a quick break."
&nbsp;
"Were you given permission?"
"No Mistress. I'm sorry Mistress, but I really have been working hard. Take a
look at the bathroom. It's sparkling clean, honest."
"That's not the point, John. The point is that you didn't have permission to
take a break. When you are in my servitude, you need permission for everything.
In fact, I even want you to ask permission to use the bathroom. Am I
understood?"
"Yes Mistress. Again I am sorry. It won't happen again."
"You will have to be punished for this later, but right now Kim and I are going
out. When I return this afternoon, I expect this house to be spotless."
"Yes Mistress. It will be."
"Then crawl over here and tell Kim how nice it was making her acquaintance."
I got off the chair and crawled to the two women. On my knees before them, I
looked up into Kim's smiling face. "It was nice to meet you Kim."
&nbsp;
Her smile left her face as she looked down at me. "Didn't you forget something
slave?"
I couldn't think of what I did wrong. I could feel both of them glaring at me. I
lost all ability to concentrate.
"IuhI can't think of anything."
Kim looked at Sheila and rolled her eyes. Sheila looked at Kim and nodded.
"Go ahead Kim, he deserves it."
Before I knew what happened, Kim backhanded me hard across the face. Then she
came back to my other cheek. It all happened so fast, I didn't have time to
defend myself. She then placed her bare foot on my chest and pushed me hard. I
went flying and landed on my back. She immediately was hovering over me. I felt
her foot on my crotch. I squirmed as she pushed harder. I was becoming genuinely
scared, as it was becoming quite painful. Sheila had come over and placed her
foot on my chest, as if to stop my squirming. Kim again spoke. This time there
was a hard edge to her voice.
"Now can you remember?"
My mind was now useless. I couldn't even talk. She saw all of this and more in
my eyes. She pushed harder into my crotch. I grimaced in pain, pleading with my
eyes. I saw her eyes soften, not in pity, but in lust. As the pressure of her
foot grew, she spoke slowly and very deliberately.
"About two hours ago, at the kitchen table, what did your owner say was the
proper way to address me?"
It hit me like a ton of bricks. How could I be so stupid?
"Mistress. She told me to address you as Mistress. I am so sorry Mistress."
She released the pressure of her foot. I am sure she could sense my body relax a
bit. Sheila stepped back a couple of steps to watch Kim's next move. Kim walked
over to the chairs by the fireplace. Her and Sheila sat down. Sheila then
snapped her fingers. I was then given the order to crawl over and kneel in front
of them. As I knelt before them, Sheila began to speak.
"John, Kim is a long time friend of mine. We are business acquaintances, but go
back much further than that. As you know, my parents are quite wealthy. When I
was growing up, it was common for wealthy people of their generation to have a
black maid. Well, Kim's mother was my parent's maid. She was like a part of the
family. She would come every Monday and Friday. In the summer, she would bring
Kim over. Even though Kim is younger than I am, we became close friends. When
Kim graduated from high school she got a scholarship to I.U. She went to law
school after that and passed the bar. She knows all about Tom and me. She also
knows all about you, John. There are a few special people that I am going to
loan you out to. Kim is one of them. In fact, she and those other people are
going to be an intricate part of your training."
I was stunned. I had no idea there were such elaborate arrangements for me. It
was becoming very evident that my slavery had been carefully planned out. This
time Kim started speaking.
"John, just to give credit where credit is due. Sheila's father had a lot to do
with me getting that scholarship. He was and still is a mover and shaker in this
state. I never had a father when I was growing up; both of Sheila's parents
treated me like one of their own children. You should also know that during grad
school, I had a slave. He was a white under graduate student. He served me for
almost two years. We eventually went our separate ways, but I still have very
fond memories. Since then I have been engaged, but that eventually broke off. I
now just play the field. I haven't had another submissive man since grad school,
so I am really looking forward to using you John."
My head was reeling. In all my wildest fantasies I never thought that I would
ever go this far. The two women were silently looking me over, as if trying to
decide what bombshell to hit me with next. Sheila spoke next.
"John, in order to get you to where we want you, there is going to be discipline
involved. I told you that I would punish you later for taking a break without
permission. Then you forgot to address Kim properly. Since that you know Kim is
going to help train you, I think the three of us should take a walk out to the
barn and start your training in earnest. I know we are not dressed in our
leathers as you see your fantasy Dommes in the magazines. But this isn't fantasy
John. If you don't know by now, you soon will, that power does not come from
outer attire. It comes from our intelligence and our desire to enslave you. So,
dressed as we are, let's take that walk."
I started to rise, but Kim put her foot in my thigh and told me to stay. Sheila
got up and walked into the closet. She soon returned with a leather strap and a
cat of nine tails. She also collared and leashed me. I was scared. I knew I was
going to be punished, as I never had before. There was no giggling or funny
chat. They were taking this very seriously. As Kim stood, Sheila gave the leash
a sharp tug indicating that I should stand also. The two women then walked out
of the room, pulling me behind them. As we reached the garage entrance, Sheila
had me take off my apron and panties. I was totally nude now. I was then led
through the garage and outside. The sun was back out and the warmth had
returned. As I walked behind them towards the barn, I watched the soles of their
feet starting to turn dirty. I also felt my balls filling up with cum. I knew
they were going to hurt me, but that was all right, I was their property.

         TO BE CONTINUED..in part 12

The END (no more chapters)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Neil


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





