BDSM Library - Jenny




Jenny
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Nobody likes been spanked more than these girls do. They love spanking with no boundary. Come and get some swollen asses!
Jenny




Jenny 01

'Bend over the bed and hug your pillow,' said my stepmother Ellen. 'Bare
bottom.'I raised my skirt and pulled down my panties while she stood there
impatiently, flexing the bundle of thin switches which she had made me
collect from the woods behind the house and tie up with strings to
resemble an old-fashioned birch rod. It was no use putting up a struggle.
Besides, I knew I deserved to be punished for coming home late the night
before without calling.
I lay across my bed, my feet on the floor, and took a pillow from the
headboard.  Ellen moved around to my side and I buried my face in the
pillow. 'Swish... crack!' went the thin branches as they swept through the
air and landed on my backside. In hopes of reducing the sting I tried to
keep my bottom cheeks relaxed, but they tensed involuntarily from fear and
embarrassment. After a dozen or so strokes, Ellen sat down beside meand
rubbed my shoulder.  'That's a good girl,' she said.  'Now fix your
clothes.'  I pulled up my panties but remained on the bed, rubbing the
sorest spots on my bottom. I was unable to face my father and brothers,
who were hanging around downstairs digesting Sunday dinner.  I hoped that
I would not be too uncomfortable sitting through my classes the next day.
Suddenly I thought of something. Getting up, I opened my closet.  There
was a full-sized mirror on the inside of the door. With my back to the
mirror I lifted my skirt and peered back over my shoulder. I tugged at the
bottoms of my panties with one hand, pulling them down, then letting them
find their natural position again.  It didn't matter what I did: the
network of fine red lines was clearly visible not only on my lower fanny
but also on the tops of my thighs.  I would have to skip gym class for a
while, especially since our current activity was swimming.




Jenny 02

'Who's out this week?' called Miss Hunt, coming into the locker room.
'Anderson, still in that cast; Rogers and Schwartz, colds-- and what about
you, Jenny?' 

'I've got my period.'  Miss Hunt rolled her eyes.  We were not encouraged
to skip gym because of menstruation. I went up to her. 'It's really
heavy,' she said in a low voice. 'Oh, all right,' she said. 'But no
library pass. You can sit on the bench and watch.'
I took off my shoes and walked throught the foot-bath. The swimming
instructor was Mrs. O'Connor, a large cheerful woman who had been known to
smack a few wet bottoms as a joke or in mild reproof. 'All right,
juniors,' she yelled, and a dozen bodies hit the surface of the water. A
minute later I saw Miss Hunt standing in the door to the locker room,
looking at me.  She raised a finger and beckoned me over. 'Look, Jenny,'
she said. 'I want to show you something.'  I followed her into her office.
She pointed to her desk, where a class record-book lay open.'What do you
make of this?'  She put her fingers on a date in March: six weeks ago.
'Jenny Evans out: mp,' she read out loud.  This tells me you were out then
for your period too. Tell me: are your periods very irregular?' I thought
for a moment.  Thar wasn't my period either, of course: I never took time
out for an actual period. That must have been the time that Ellen took me
over her knee and spanked me so hard that my bottom and thighs were
bruised all over. I must have hesitated too long, because Miss Hunt said,
'Jenny, if you are not being truthful with me, I will have to take that
very seriously.'  I looked at Miss Hunt.  She was young, and very cool for
a gym teacher, we all thought: she kept her long black hair in a French
braid and wore the same type of unisex athletic clothes that we liked. Yet
I knew that she was fully capable or sending me to the Disciplinary Board:
everyone held the school's Honor Code in something like awe, and lying to
a teacher was at the top of the list of sins.
I have never been able to lie well-- one of the reasons why my bottom was
constantly at the mercy of Ellen's switches, slippers and straps. 'Okay,'
I told Miss Hunt. Report me.  I _was_ lying.'  I turned to walk out.
'Wait a minute, Jenny,' she said quickly, then added: 'I don't understand
this.  You're an athletic girl.  You like gym.  Why would you lie to get
out of it?' 

I turned back to her.  A truthful but euphemistic answer came to me. 'I
have sores.  A... a skin condition.  On my body.  It's embarrassing.'

'Have you been yo a doctor for it?'

'Well, no.'  I was not going to risk any further lying. 'But I know it's
just something chronic.  Recurring.'  I produced this technical-sounding
language with some pride. 

'This won't do at all, said Miss Hunt. You'll have to see a doctor.  And
bring me a note to prove you've done so.'  She was about to wave me off,
but she stopped.  She must have seen a look of dismay on my face. She
seemed ready to become really angry.  Desperately I blurted out: 'Look,
Miss Hunt, I'll _show_ you.' Her eyes widened for a moment but she nodded.
 I turned around and lifted my dress.

'Oh, my god, Jenny.  Who did this to you?'

'My stepmother, Ellen.'

'Good God. What had you done?'

I dropped my skirt and answered, 'I came home late on Saturday night.  I
let Ellen do it, actually.  I could complain to my father, but spankings
to other things, like grounding or taking away my allowance.'

'That's not what I'd call &quot;spanking,&quot;' said Miss Hunt. 'It looks more like
you've been whipped... flogged.'

'It looks worse than it is,' I said. 'She uses a bunch of little switches
and they make these bright red marks, but they don't really cut the skin.'

MIss Hunt sat down in her desk chair and swivelled around to face me.
'Come here,' she said, 'and let me look again.' I walked over, turned
around and lifted my dress. 'May I?' she asked, and I said 'Yes,' although
I wasn't sure what she was going to do. With both hands she grabben hold
of my panties and tugged them down by the waistband. As she pulled them to
my knees I shivered and felt my bottom cheeks tense: that reaction again.
I jumped a little as I felt her finger on my bottom, tracing one of the
lines left by the whipping.

'I don't know,' she murmured as if musing to herfelf. 'This looks pretty
bad.  Does it hurt a lot?'

'It's not so bad.  I mean, it's not wonderful?'

'Here, I'll give you something for it.'  Miss Hunt got up and walked over
to the first-aid cabinet on the opposite wall. She rummaged inside for a
few minutes before coming up with a small jar. 'Zinc oxide,  Do you think
this will help?'  All I knew about Zinc oxide was that lifeguards put it
on their noses. But as long as Miss Hunt was in a kind mood I was going to
jolly her along at any cost. 'I'm sure it won't do any harm,' I said.  I
expected her to give me the jar and send me out to the locker room, so it
came as a huge surprise when she sat back down in her chair, still holding
the jar, and said, 'Over here.  I'll out it on for you.'  My panties were
still down; she had never given me permission to pull them up. I lifted my
skirt again and presented her with my bare bottom. 

'This is awkward,' she said. 'Why don't you lean over the desk.  Or
better, get across my lap.'

Bending over Miss Hunt's knee felt much different than bending over
Ellen's.  When Ellen took me over her lap I felt a certain amount of
physical fear, but also the more or less reassuring certainty that I was
about to be punished in a measures, predictable way, and that I would be
forgiven and comforted afterwards. With Miss Hunt it was more like the
feeling I had when Mark Stone, an older boy, walked me home and surprised
me by putting his arms around me and kissing me. It was a slight shock of 
unexpected physical intimacy with a person I found intimidating.  I
concentrated on keeping my thighs together so that Miss Hunt would not see
more than was necessary. But the very effort made me feel odd.  It was
like that thing about trying not to think of a polar bear in a snowstorm. 
I felt afraid that I would react the way I had when Mark kissed me, and
that I would leave a wet spot on Miss Hunt's lap. Fearing things like that
makes them happen (it's like sneezing, or the hiccups.)  I don't know
whether Miss Hunt noticed or not, at least before she took the initiative
herself.  'Jenny, dear,' she said tenderly, sliding a couple of fingers
past my bottom cheeksand into my warm moist area.  'You sweet girl' I
arched my back a little to let her continue if she wanted to, but she did
not; she just stood me up and gave me a little hug.  I pulled up my
panties. Between the greasy lotion and my own dampness it was quite wet in
there, and I realized I would have even more trouble sitting for the rest
of the day.





JENNY 03

	Helen-Ann slept until almost noon. Rhonda checked on her
occasionally. When she woke she found she could at least walk. She dressed
about the same as last night, nothing tight. She noticed she even had a
whip mark on her face. Apparently Ms. Zee had let the whip wrap a bit when
she was doing her upper back. She got down stairs and found Rhonda reading
the paper in the kitchen. "Hi, mom. I'll fix a late breakfast of cold
cereal. My appetite isn't all that hot." She found the makings and sat gingerly on a pillow.
 
	"Mom, would you be willing to take me to school for gym class? I'd
_love_ to show the damage off in the locker room. The exercise will
probably be good for me too. You can come too. Miss Hunt lets parents use
the pool, as long as they don't come too oftem, and you never have. We 
don't use suits, but I guess I told you that."

	Rhonda smiled, "Honey, _my_ ass is marked too, but not as bad as yours."

	Helen-Ann smiled, "I don't care if we both show off our asses, if
you don't. That would be cool. We'll show my friends that we both take it on our ass."

	Rhonda smiled, "Why not? Have you ever seen a mom my age there?"
	Helen-Ann shook her head, "Once I introduce you, you'll blend in with the class."

	Later Helen-Ann introduced her mom to Miss Hunt. They both went to
the locker room, "Girls, Romans, whatever, I'd like you to meet my mom
Rhonda. Please don't call her Mrs. Sargent, it makes her feel old." She and
Rhonda stripped and closed the locker.

	"OH, my God! What happened to you, Helen-Ann?" It was one of her friends.
 
	Another noticed Rhonda, "Must be catching. Mrs...., I mean Rhonda
looks like she has a sore ass too."

	Helen-Ann laughed and took Rhonda's hand, "Inspection time. They
both bent over and stayed that way until every girl had looked at their
sore asses. "Mom got it from a friend and I went to a Professional. You
can look at my sore asshole later, but don't miss the marks on my tits and pussy.

	Another girl piped up, "Jesus, Helen-Ann, you got whipped
everywhere. There is even a mark on your face."

	Helen-Ann nodded, "The girl was very good with the bull whip, but
I think the lash on my face was an accident, when she did my back, or maybe
it was my tits." Hey, lets go swim."

	Helen-Ann was sore, but got in some exercise. So did her mom, who
was soon chatting with the girls. Miss Hunt spoke to Helen-Ann, "I have
seen your well spanked ass before, as well as Jenny's and Dox's, but you
look like you were hit all over. Your mom seems to have a sore ass, but
she wasn't spanked that badly."

	"No, Miss Hunt. A girlfriend did mom, but I decided to try a real
Professional Dominant last night. I've never gone to a Pro before, and she
was very good. I even have a sore asshole, which I'll show you." She
turned, held open her ass cheeks and bent over."

	Miss Hunt shook her head, "I don't understand why any of the three
of you do this. I can understand you getting spanked for being naughty, but
It seems that all three of you actually _like_ to be spanked."

	Helen-Ann shook her head, "I can't explain why we turn on to pain.
In many cases it is sexual, but my pussy is so sore I can't even play with
myself, but I bet I will as soon as I can. I know that both Dox and Jenny
like to play after a good one. Mom and our friend did each other last night."

	Miss Hunt seemed to have lost her voice, "Er, ah, she and her friend did what?"

	"They used their hands and tongue, Miss Hunt. Sometimes I lick mom
and she does me back. We have pleasure, are hurting no one, and see nothing
wrong with it. When we spank each other we hurt the other and get hurt
back, but it is purely consensual."

	Miss Hunt shook her head, "I think I need a good course in human sexuality."

	Helen-Ann nodded, "It's too bad that sex ed in school is just a
biology class. They leave out the fun parts, and if you are bi-sexual,
like Jenny, mom, myself and many friends, there _are_ no classes."

	She went back to swimming. Later they showered. Helen-Ann was
approached by three friends, "Er, Helen-Ann, would you mind showing off
your rear end again. I mean, your, ah, private part."

	Helen-Ann answered, "Sure. I should charge, you know. Mistress Zee
got $200 to beat the shit out of me." She leaned down and held open her
ass cheeks. "You are welcome to fell my rear, including the asshole, if you
want to. Just be gentle, I'm still very sore. My ass will feel hot and I
don't know what the asshole will feel like, I've never felt it on Jenny."

	One girl was bolder than the others and put her hand on Helen-Ann's
ass cheeks. She hesitated, then felt into her crack. Finally her touch
reached the rosebud. "I can't see who it is, but I like that. Come on, I'm
perfectly clean back there and how often do you get a chance to feel a 
whipped asshole?" Soon other hands were on her back door. This seemed to
propagate throughout the room, and everyone had to touch her down there.

	Rhonda spoke up, "Does anyone have a paddle in their locker? You
would take a couple on your cheeks, wouldn't you, Helen-Ann? Just for a demo."

	One girl hollered, "I know where they are kept. I'll be right
back." She was back soon, but it was no ping-pong paddle. Rather it was a
heavy table tennis paddle.

	Helen-Ann shook her head, "Go ahead mom, but two or three of you
be ready to catch me." She bent down and held her ankles.

	SPLAT! SCREAM!
	Helen-Ann fell forward, but was caught by several other girls.
	Rhonda spoke, "One more, honey?" Her daughter nodded and got in position.
	SPLAT! SCREAM!

	She fell again. This time she was weak kneed but held by one girl.
She was surprised when the  girl held her close and kissed her on the lips.
She kissed back and embraced the girl, Christine. They were panting when
they broke up. Helen-Ann said, "I didn't know, Chris. Would you come to the house some time?"

	Chris smiled, "Should I wear a loose skirt, no panties and bring a
pillow, like I did at Jenny's Granddad's place for the stropping? Actually,
I got it from Roycee, which they say was worse. Well, you took it from both
of them, and I think you said that."

	Helen-Ann smiled, "Why, of course, Chris. I'll give you a card. It
has my private number and the house number. Be prepared to stay overnight,
if it's a weekend. You can get your ass warmed the next morning too. As far
as Roycee is concerned, she is the only person to hurt me more than the Pro
I went to last night."

	Rhonda and Helen-Ann dressed and left. Rhonda asked, "You found
another kinky girl, it looks like.

	"Mom, there are a lot of us, and I include you. The problem is
that many won't admit it, even to their husband or wife. So when do you
want to get beat up? I guess not right off, with dad coming back tomorrow."

	Rhonda shook her head, "Ross called earlier today. I forgot to tell
you. He is stuck in Rome, or was it Paris? Whatever, his business got
extended, so he has meetings through at least Tuesday. If I could get beat
up tonight, I'd at least be walking straight by the time he gets back.
Besides, let's do it before I chicken."

	"OK, mom. Oh, am I going to have fun watching! I'll call as soon as
I get back. I can drive now, so stop and I'll pick up the Merc."

	Helen-Ann called as soon as they got home, "May I help you?" was
what she heard on the line.

	"I hope so, this is Elena. I talked mom, well actually she is my
step-mom, into having a session with you. Dad is still away so she'd like
it tonight, if you have the time. I'm still recovering, but I can drive
her. I picked up my Merc at the hotel."

	"Well, hi Elena. Is that a Mercedes? We have a locked and alarmed parking area."

	"Year, my jalopy is a Mercedes. Mistress, I am the daughter of Ross
Sargent. We aren't exactly broke."

	"Not when your dad is worth over a billion. Is 8 PM OK for your
mom? I've got a 6 PM and I know the guy. It will take me a good hour and
some to satisfy him, and he will be having trouble walking too."

	"That's fine Mistress. I'll buzz you at 8 and you or your slave
can show us where to park the Merc."

	Rhonda was getting more amd more nervous as they approached the old
warehouse. "Oh, shit but I'm scared. I saw what she did to you. Were you scared too?"

	"Yeah, I was mom. I'd never been to a Pro before either. Besides,
I knew I was looking for a severe session. Mistress Zee is real nice, but
real vicious with the whip." She pulled in and buzzed the intercom. Soon
they had the car parked and were coming in from the back.

	Helen-Ann introduced the two girls. Ms. Zee embraced Elena and her
mom warmly, "I see you can walk today, Elena. I must be slipping." She
laughed. "Rhonda, take a seat. Elena, you may have a pillow for yours." Now
I need to know what your spanking experience is Rhonda."

	Rhonda explained briefly. Ms. Zee said, "You are much less
experienced than Elena, particularly when it comes to heavy scenes. I'd
recommend we just put you in inverted suspension, do your ass real well,
then we can ask if you can take it on your back and front."

	Rhona replied, "OK, but I hope I can take as much as Helen-Ann got
last night, or close to it. Is your nickname 'Elena', honey?"

	"Yeah, mom, one of them. I go with a Mexican guy sometimes, and
his family can't handle my name. Let's get to your ass, mom."

	Soon Rhonda stripped and they had her hanging from the ceiling upside-down.

	ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!
	ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!
	ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!

	Ms. Zee stopped briefly, "Rhonda, would you like it if I finished
up your ass, but Elena worked on your front?"

	Rhonda nodded. She was already beyond coherent speech. Elena picked
up a cat, similar to theirs. She slipped a mask on Rhonda for eye protection.

	ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!
	On her ass.
	SPLAT! EEEEEEEOUCH!
	On her tits.
	ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!
	On her ass.
	SPLAT! EEEEEEEOUCH!
	On her tits.
	Ms. Zee moved to her back.
	ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!
	Elena still worked on her tits.
	SPLAT! EEEEEEEOUCH!
	A good tit shot.
	Splat! EEEEEEEOUCH! NOOOOOOO!
	Elena hit her pussy.

	Between the two, they reduced Rhonda to raw meat. Ms. Zee did her
tits and pussy with the bull whip, and Elena moved to her ass and back with
the cat. They didn't miss her thighs, either. Rhonda finally moaned and fainted.

	They took her down and laid her on the bed in the next room. After
about ten minutes she awoke and shook her head, pointing to her rear. She
muttered something, but it was not intelligible. Finally, she got both
hands behind her and pulled apart her ass cheeks. "Look, Mistress, she
wants her asshole whipped."

	They helped her back to the dungeon, and tied her over a padded
bench. The slave girl held her crack open, and.....

	ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!  NOOOOOOOO!
	ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!  NOOOOOOOO!

	Elena got into the act with the cane too. Rhonda must have taken
about twenty on her rosebud, and vacinity, when she moaned again and
fainted once more.

	Elena spoke, "I think that mild little session is probably enough
for mom, until she comes back again." She laughed.

	It was some time before Rhonda was conscious and even later when
she could talk. She nodded when asked if she had enough. They dressed her,
got her in the wheelchair and into the car.

	Ms. Zee spoke, "Elena, you like to be spanked. Would you be willing
to get it from a strange man, as long as I was there?"

	Helen-Ann rubbed her ass, "Whee, that might be very interesting. 
I just have one request, if it isn't enough, will you finish me up?"

	Ms. Zee laughed, "Sure honey." She kissed Helen-Ann on the lips and
quickly this turned into a passionate embrace. They finally parted, "I was
wondering if you were bi, and I can tell you are."

	Helen-Ann got into the car, "We both are, Mistress, and I'd love to
play some time. I'd need some notice on the spanking, since I play with mom
and some friends. Then dad does my ass whenever I ask him to, so I want to
be able to take a good one from your client."

	"Sure honey, I have a few regular clients who are strictly tops.
Penny usually acts as my bottom, and I have been known to let a few clients
I know real well, do me too. Penny has a boyfriend now, and she is off
about half the time. Besides, you are very young and very beautiful, which my clients like."

	Helen-Ann had a hellova time getting Rhonda to walk. Finally she
gave up, let Rhonda lay on her side on the grass and got Betsy. "Honey,
last night I got beat up by a Pro and mom got it tonight. You are welcome
to look, but we need to get Rhonda to her room first and her legs aren't
working any better than mine were last night, but we had a cab driver to
help. I can't even get her into the house."

	Betsy laughed, "We aren't good enough for you two anymore. Sure,
lets get her to the bedroom."

	Between the two of them they got the staggering Rhonda to her bed.
When they removed her clothes Betsy said, "Pro is right! That's a beating,
not a spanking. Did you look as bad?"

	Helen-Ann quickly stripped, "I may look worse than Rhonda, because
a lot of the whip marks are badly discolored. She will be tomorrow, too."

	Rhonda found her voice, "T-that was terrible. I fainted twice. Look
in my crack." She moaned as she turned over and the bedclothes rubbed her 
damaged tits. She tried to hold herself open for inspection, finally Betsy helped her.

	Betsy clucked over the marks, "Real heavy duty beating."
	Helen-Ann got the pills and gave one each to Rhonda, "Watch her
tomorrow, please, but she should sleep until about noon."




jenny 04

On a challenge, Jenny and her mom have just been spanked by grandad. He
used the old razor strop that had been used many times on Jenny's mom. To
say it was effective would be the understatement of the year. Now they had
to somehow dress and get home. Ellen had forgotten about wearing a soft
dress that had plenty of room for a swollen ass, so they both had to get
into tight jeans.

	Jenny kissed Ellen again. "It hurt like hell, mom, but I'm glad I
took one with you. It somehow makes us even closer."

	Ellen hugged her step daughter. "I know what you mean honey. I need
to crash on my tummy, and I'm sure you do too, so lets say so long to my
dad and mom and see if we can get home."

	The two girls managed to painfully get their jeans back on and walk stiffly to the house.
	Ellen's mom laughed. "Haven't heard that much screaming in years. I
trust dad did a good job on both of you?"

	Both Ellen and Jenny nodded. Jenny said,"Thanks grandad. I'm glad
to know what mom got when she was growing up, even if it did hurt terribly."

	Ellen said, "That goes double for me dad. I had forgotten just how
bad it was. If Jenny _really_ screws up big time, I'll bring her over for a repeat, OK?"

	Her dad said, "Sure honey, and anytime _you_ need a repeat, let me know." He laughed.
	Ellen spoke, "Er, mom, could we borrow a couple of soft pillows to get home?"

	Ellen's mom laughed, "Sure, honey. Grab a pair of soft ones from
the living room. Bring them back the next time you come to visit, or decide
you need another spanking." She laughed again.

	Back at the car Ellen said, "Honey, will you please drive us home?
I'm still woozy from the spanking."

	"Sure, mom. My ass hurts like hell, but I'm reasonably steady on my
feet. I wasn't right after the spanking. If I ever get another, I'm
bringing my sleeping bag so I can crash on my tummy for awhile."

	Even with the pillows, it was a sore trip to the house. Ellen said,
"Honey, I'm still a little dizzy. Why don't you get your dad to help me
into the house. Oh, and dear, please ignore any loud noises from the
bedroom. The spanking has made me want your dad real bad, and I imagine he
will be glad to help me out."

	Jenny laughed, "It makes me hot too, mom, but I have to take care
of myself. Hey, have a real good fuck, you two."

	"Jenny! You shouldn't use that kind of language."

	"I know, but I don't think you are going to spank me for saying it,
and have a good one anyway." She laughed, but rubbed her ass.

	Jenny found dad tinkering with his sports car, "Dad, the spanking
we got from gramps was even worse than we expected. Mom is still a little
weak, and would like some help getting to the bedroom. Tell you how bad it
was; she had _me_ drive home."

	Her dad laughed, "Wow, it must have been _real_ bad to let you drive. I'll go help her."
	"Ahh, dad, don't worry about any loud noises from the bedroom. I
already know she has a very sore ass, but is horny as hell. I'd recommend a
little paddling before you two make love."

	"Hasn't she had enough for one day?"
	"Dad, you have to understand that a spanking makes most woman
excited sexually; even me, and I'm still a virgin, believe it or not. It
was over an hour ago that mom got it from gramps. A dozen or so good ones
with the paddle ought to be about right, but far be it for me to advise you
about your sex life; I don't even have one yet." She laughed.

	"Then how do you know so much about spanking arousing a woman?"
	"Well, dad, in the first place I read a lot, in the second place I
talk to my girl friends and in the third place I "R" one."

	"You mean to tell me that you get hot when Ellen uses that paddle
on your tail? Or the switch? I can hear you screaming all over the house."

	"Dad, it hurts like hell, but it definitely turns me on. I wouldn't
take one just for that, but when I have to take a spanking,  I get aroused.
I suspect that when I get a steady boy friend, or maybe when I marry, that
spanking will be a regular part of our lovemaking. If you and mom haven't
discovered it yet, I suggest you do so, but, like I said, it's not my job
to give sex ed to you or mom." She laughed. "Hey, you're welcome to borrow
the cane. That's more  effective than the paddle. Mom keeps it hanging in
her closet in the bedroom. A dozen good ones should be just about right
over the dozen gramps gave us."

	"Did you get aroused from the spanking grandad gave you?"
	"Yes, dad, and I'm going to my room to take care of that little
matter. You and mom can ignore any moans coming from _my_ bedroom."

	Dad went looking for Ellen, muttering to himself about never
understanding women and Jenny went to her bedroom. She immediately removed
the painful slacks, then the remainder of her clothing. She searched
through the top drawer of her bureau and came up with a dildo, a tube of
K-Y jelly and a pair of nipple clips connected by a chain. They were the
kind that get tighter if pulled.

	She decided to try and put out some of the fire in her ass, so she
used some skin cream. She then lay down on her tummy in bed. She lubed up
the dildo and inserted it where it belonged. Oh, it felt sooooo good. She
put on the nipple clips, which hurt, but it was a "good" hurt. She could
pull on the chain and punish her nipples while she pushed the dildo in and out.

	She was about half way to her first orgasm when she heard a scream
from down the hall, in the direction of the master bedroom. She smiled. Dad
had taken her advice. Knowing her mom was getting spanked made her even
hotter and she went over the top, openly moaning. She figured nobody down
the hall would hear her, or care. Her mom screamed again. Jenny counted
screams while she was busy with her second orgasm. It sounded like six when
she shuddered and moaned again. By the time she counted a dozen, she was
into her third orgasm. 

	She usually only had two, but knowing what was happening down the
hall, plus the big spanking she had gotten made her extra hot today. She
heard another scream, but this sounded like daddy was giving it to mommy.
Could she have yet another orgasm? 

	Four would be a record with her, but she still felt aroused. The
moans from down the hall were really loud and mom screamed again. Jenny
figured that was when mom had her orgasm, so she was one up on mom already.
She wondered if it would be better with a man? The dildo was nice and big,
but she had only seen one erect penis and that belonged to her boyfriend
Derek. Lots of literature, and some of her friends, told her that it was
technique, not just size, that mattered. She had yet to try out his
technique, but she wanted to  very much.

	Technically,  she had lost her virginity the first time she had
used a dildo. That was years ago, and it was a smaller dildo that she still
kept and sometimes used in her rectum. Holding the big dildo in place, she
retrieved the old one and inserted it in her rectum. Wow, it felt nice
getting filled in both holes. She had tried the small one back there
before, but never while her front hole was full. She had learned a new
trick today. Too bad they didn't have a _real_ sex ed class at school.

	She pulled the chain on her nipple clips. Ohhhhhh, her nipples were
getting sensitive. She lay down on her back and squirmed around, causing
pain from the spanking. She needed pain right now. She squirmed more,
pulled sharply on the clips while pushing the dildo all the way in. Mom
screamed again. Jenny came for the fourth time, but this time she shook and
shook. It seemed like the orgasm lasted for minutes. She moaned and fainted
in the middle of a beautiful fireworks display.

	She woke up all warm and tingling. She removed the clips with an
"ouch" for each one and turned onto her tummy with both dildos in place.
Soon she was asleep. To hell with supper, besides she doubted mom was in
any shape to make it, and dad couldn't boil water without burning it.

	The next morning both holes complained a bit at having been stuffed
all night. Her ass was still sore, but she was hungry so she showered and
went to the kitchen. Mom was there and didn't look too happy.

	"You and your suggestions. Your dad gave me another dozen with the
cane. Now how did he just happen to know that we had a cane and where it was kept?"

	"Mom, I got talking to him after we got home yesterday. I heard
every one of your screams. I even counted, and he gave you a dozen. Then I
kinda lost track of how many times you had an orgasm, but it seemed to me
you were enjoying yourself. I had four cums, which is a new record for me,
but I had to do all the work."

	Ellen nodded her head, "It was fantastic, I have to admit, but
twelve with the cane on top of twelve with the razor strop? Young lady,
what you need is twelve with the cane early in the morning, just before gym
class next week. I know at least four or five of your friends, so I'm going
to call them and tell them to be sure to have a good look at your ass."

	"Mom, you wouldn't? Yeah, you would. OK, mom, gym is Thursday next
week. I'll set my alarm early and take my dozen. Then I'll show off my
bottom to the whole class. Be sure and don't hit in the same place twice. I
want to be able to show all twelve marks. Oh, why not start calling this
week while school is out? By a week from this coming Thursday the whole
school will know. Then I'll carry a pillow to sit on. If we're going to do
this, we might as well do it right."

	"I'm surprised you went along with this. Look, honey, I was just
more-or-less kidding. I know how embarrassed you were to show off your
spankings in the past. I think I'm going to warm your ass with the cane,
but I wouldn't do it right before gym class, or call your friends."

	"Mom, I'm serious. I caused you to get twelve with the cane on top
of all gramps had given you. I suddenly came to the conclusion that not
only do I deserve a dozen myself, but that I'm being a baby about showing
off my ass to the other girls. I want it in the morning, before gym class,
so it is fresh and I want the whole school to know about it."

	Ellen shook her head, "My little girl is growing up. OK, dear, I'll
call around and tell them you are going to get it Thursday morning, and be
sure to have a look when you strip for gym. Honey, are you sure this is
what you really want?"

	"Yes, mom, really-really. I'll give you names and phone numbers for
all the girls I know in my school. Be sure to tell them I'm getting it
Thursday morning, and to tell everyone they can think of, both boys and
girls. I think I'll even put a little note on the bulletin boards.
Something like 'Jenny gets the cane Thursday morning'. That ought to
generate some interest."

	Ellen laughed, "And just a few weeks ago you were embarrassed about
a few switch marks below your swimsuit."

	Jenny laughed too, "Yeah, I guess I'm growing up. All of a sudden I
actually _want_ the girls to see my well spanked ass. I can't really
explain my change of attitude, mom, but you'll go along with it?"

	"Sure, honey, never let it be said that I turned down a chance to
use the cane on your ass. Hey, I remember you said you wanted to be tied to
the bed for your next spanking. Does that entail another visit to the Leather Shop?"

	"Well, if we want to do it right, yes. I've got it; you tie me to
the bed every night until the day of the Big Spanking. I don't set my alarm
at all. You come in, move the covers and BOOM, I wake-up to a lash from the
cane. How's that sound to you?"

	"OK, if that's what you want, but can you sleep on your tummy, tied to the bed?"
	"Well, I can sleep on my tummy OK, and the hand and leg restraints
I have in mind are fur padded. Look, we need the restraints anyway, so why
don't we pick them up Monday, and I can start practicing. We'll need some
chain to get from the restraints to the bed rails, but that's a hardware store item. "

	Monday found them back at the Leather Shop. Linda greeted them,
"How has the cane worked out? I hope it wasn't too mild." She laughed.

	Ellen laughed, "So far, I've only given Jenny twelve the day we
bought it, to try it out, but this little bitch had to tell my husband
about it, and I got twelve last Saturday, and they were over twelve we both
got from my dad's razor strop. It was terrible."

	Jenny piped up, "I could hear her screaming through two closed
doors. Later she was screaming for another reason."

	Linda smiled, "I get so hot when I get a good one, but a dozen with
the cane over the razor strop sounds real industrial strength." She
laughed. "So what do you need today, girls?"

	Jenny spoke up, "Mom is going to get back at me by giving me a
dozen with the cane before I leave for class on a gym day. She is going to
call all my friends. We need some wrist and ankle restraints. I'm planning
to  have mom restrain me on the bed. I'll be sleeping on my tummy in the
nude. All she has to do is carefully expose my ass and I won't need an
alarm clock, that's for sure. She gets to do that every day I'm tied to the
bed, then on the Big Day, I get a dozen."

	Linda laughed, "You are going to wake-up to a caning. Wow, you'll
have to tell me all about it later. Sure, we have these nice soft
restraints." She pulled a set out from the display case. "You'll have to go
to a hardware store and get releases and chain. Do you have a few days to
practice sleeping in the cuffs?"

	Jenny nodded, "School is out for the week and my next gym class is
Thursday, so I've got plenty of time. I figured we could start tonight, and
with over a week to get used to them, I ought to be OK. I'll practice
sleeping in the cuffs every night, with mom's help to get tied up."

	They bought the cuffs at the leather store and then visited the
hardware store. They bought four quick-release clips and plenty of chain.
Dad owned a small chain cutter, so they bought one piece of chain long
enough to fasten all four cuffs.

	Jenny and Ellen got to work on the hardware after lunch. It turned
out that there was a place at all four corners of the bed where the chain
could be fastened. Jenny insisted that the chain be permanently attached to
the bed. She explained, "If I have one of my girlfriends visiting, I want
to be able to show her where I get spanked. I'm even going to leave the
cuffs on the chain, although they could be released."

	Jenny usually went to bed about 10 PM, so she stripped when Ellen
came in and her mom put on the four restraints. It felt strange to be held
in that position. Both legs were spread wide and so were her arms. It
wasn't particularly uncomfortable, just unusual. Ellen covered her with one
quilt that could be carefully pulled back for her spanking without waking
Jenny. Ellen kissed her good night and patted her bottom, then left.

	It took Jenny some time to get used to that position, but
eventually she went to sleep and didn't waken until mom gave her one with
the cane the next morning. Talk about an instant alarm clock, with no snooze feature!

	So it went for the remainder of the week. Soon Jenny got used to
the restraints and sleeping in that position. She could nod off right after
mom had her tied down.

	Both she and mom made numerous phone calls, so within a day or so
she was getting calls back from classmates who had heard about her pending
spanking from someone else and found it hard to believe, or wanted more details. 

	Jenny was honest and frank with all her callers. She didn't tell
them why she had been naughty to her mom; that was personal. Everyone  got
the rest of the story, including the fact that she was sleeping tied to the
bed and was getting a painful wake-up call every morning. One that was
going to be very painful, come Thursday morning. 

	She made  it very plain that she wanted the spanking, to pay her
mom back. This was only partly true; she knew she did owe her mom the
caning, but she wanted her classmates to know what she had gotten, and was
especially looking forward to displaying her well spanked rear to the gym
class. She surprised herself how much she had changed. Was it the stropping
from gramps? Partially, she guessed, but that wasn't the whole explanation,
and she wasn't sure what the rest was.

	So many of her callers didn't believe she was sleeping tied to the
bed that she  invited them to the house for a demonstration. Each girl had
to agree to try the restraints, although they only got one swat from the
paddle from Jenny, and that was over their clothes. She got one spank with
the cane, on her bare ass, from every visitor.
	
	Jenny started to regret having allowed her friends to spank her
when six of them showed up one morning, but she took all six. They weren't
as bad as her mom gave her, but they all saw six marks on her ass after the treatment. 

	She even got calls from some of the boys she knew. She was equally
frank with them, but they didn't get an invitation to the house for a
demonstration. She sort-of wished she could. She had turned from a girl who
was rather shy to an exhibitionist in the course of a few days, and she
couldn't really understand why, herself.

	Every evening at about 10 PM Ellen tied Jenny to the bed and every
morning she woke her up with a sound stroke of the cane on her rear. By
Monday, Ellen decided to escalate the wake-up a bit, so she gave Jenny two
good ones with the cane, one on each cheek .

	Jenny jerked awake, "AARGHH, mom, that's not fair."
	Ellen laughed, "Honey, who is doing the waking and who is tied to the bed?"

	Jenny groaned, "Mom, we negotiated one spank from the cane every
day, and a big spanking on Thursday and this is only Monday. Let me up."

	Ellen laughed, "And what are you going to do if I decide to leave
you there for awhile and practice on your ass? Ah, I know, you can complain
to the 'spanking board'."

	Jenny groaned, "Mom, that's not fair."
	"You are repeating yourself, dear. OK, I'll let you up now, but we
are going to have a talk after school. I think you should get more of the
cane Tuesday and Wednesday. You don't get the whole dozen until Thursday,
but you work up to it with a smaller number tomorrow, then more the next
day, and finally, the Main Event on Thursday. Think about it and we'll
discuss it later." Ellen unsnapped the four restraints and left Jenny to 'think about it'.

	It seemed like half the school knew about her upcoming spanking on
Thursday. Seven girls asked to visit after school and see her tied up. If
they all showed, that meant seven more lashes with the cane, and some of
the girls hit almost as hard as mom. Two of the girls she hardly knew, but
she had foolishly made the offer an open one, so she couldn't very well
turn them down. Besides, it was just two more lashes for her to take. Her
ass could take it, right? She rubbed the offending object. Yeah, made of
brass; the famous brass ass.

	During the day Jenny did 'think about it'. She was sure mom was
just playing with her, but what Ellen had said was very true. She was
firmly tied to the bed and mom could do whatever she wanted with her. Was
it a good idea to take more than one with the cane the next two mornings,
leading up to the 'Main Event', or would that just make her ass hurt all
that more on Thursday? 

	It depended mostly on how many mom gave her. Her ass was bound to
look worse on Thursday when she showed it off to the gym class. Even a lash
with the cane on Monday would show on Thursday. She and mom would have to
talk it out after  school, but she knew mom could do whatever she wanted.
Jenny couldn't tie herself up without help, and once she was tied she was
at mom's mercy. She was getting used to the restraints, but she wanted to
be tied up every night until the 'Main Event' on Thursday morning. 

	Jenny hadn't decided what to say to her mom when she got home.
Should she just let mom give her whatever she wanted, or should she debate
the matter? After all, she had agreed to take a dozen early Thursday
morning, but taking an as-yet-unknown number of lashes on Tuesday and
Wednesday had never been discussed before mom woke her this morning.
Besides, how many would she have to take from her classmates? There was
still Tuesday and Wednesday to worry about.

	To make matters worse, Ellen was out shopping, or visiting a
friend, or whatever, when Jenny got off the school bus. She began to wonder
if mom wasn't purposely teasing her. She couldn't talk to someone who was absent.
	
	About an hour later an old VW bus arrived and out spilled 11 girls.
'Oh, my aching ass', Jenny thought. One of her friends introduced her to
the half dozen or so that Jenny didn't know. A couple of the girls Jenny
expected couldn't make it, but others had joined the party.

	Jenny invited them all upstairs, but they couldn't all fit in her
room at once. Jenny organized them into a group stretching down the hall.
She then brought each  into her room and tied her to the bed, then gave her
a good one with the paddle, but not on the bare. It seemed like there was
always about a half dozen gawkers looking at the girl that was tied down.
Some of the spankees hardly moved when they got the spank from the paddle,
but some screamed and tried to bounce off the bed. This didn't work due to the cuffs.

	After all eleven had a demonstration of what it felt like to be
tied to a bed and given a token spanking, she stripped and put on the
cuffs. "Sue, will you snap me in and organize this crew? You are allowed to
give me one spank with the cane each, and that is all. Remember, I have to
take twelve very hard ones from mom Thursday morning."

	One girl asked,"Jenny, how hard are we allowed to spank you today?"
	Jenny smiled, "I guess the answer is 'as hard as you want'.
Frankly, when I made the offer last week I didn't expect my spanking to
turn into a Popular Spring Event. I must have had over a dozen lashes with
the cane since mom started calling last week. You can still see some on my ass."

	"Pretend you are a baby sitter and the little  bitch has just
spilled milk down your front, or thrown a pot at you, or  something. If you
have a good imagination, pretend I'm your naughty daughter. If you do a
good job, I'll probably scream, and I definitely will cry, but  don't let
that stop you."

	With that Sue clipped her in place and chose one of the girls. Zip!
OHHHH. Jenny spoke, "That really wasn't hard enough. Sue, did it mark me?"

	Sue looked closely, even feeling Jenny's ass, "Well, Jen, there is
a thin red line, but I don't know what to expect. I've never seen a caning before."

	Jenny thought for a moment, "Will one of you go down stairs and see
if mom is home? If she is, ask her to come up, please."

	In a few minutes Ellen appeared. "Girls, meet my mom, the artist
with the cane. Mom, I just got one spank and it didn't feel like much.
Would you be willing to referee? If a girl gives me a wimpy spank, show her
how to do it right and have her do it again. I told them a limit of one
spank, but I mean a _real_ one."

	Ellen said, "Hold the cane firmly in your dominant hand and raise
it over your head. Bring it down quickly and aim for about the middle of
Jenny's ass. You can try a few times to get the feel of the cane before you
actually strike her."

	The girl looked quite a bit younger than Jenny, and was nervous.
Jenny said to her, "Take your time. You can let the tip touch my skin if
you want to. Don't worry about spanking too hard."

	The girl tapped Jenny on the ass a few times, then she raised the
cane over her head and brought it down smartly on Jenny's ass. Whoosh, Ohhhhhh.

	Ellen nodded, "Look at that mark, even feel it. That was good for a
beginner. Next volunteer."

	So it went through all eleven, including Sue. Jenny lost count, but
was sure she had taken at least eleven good ones. Ellen had approved of
most, with a few repeats. She had done her share of screaming and crying.

	One girl came forward to talk to Ellen, "Mrs. Blackwell, I have
dreamed of getting a good spanking for years, but mom and dad are divorced
and I live with dad. He spoils me rotten. Would you be willing to give me
one just like Jenny is going to get Thursday?"

	Ellen smiled at the girl, who looked to be about Jenny's age, if
not older. "Sure, my dear, but unless you are eighteen, I'd have to have
your dad's permission."

	The girl smiled back, "Only a month ago, but I'm now supposed to be
an adult, although dad doesn't seem to think so." She opened her fanny pack
and removed her driver's license. Sure enough, she was just eighteen.

	Ellen spoke, "All right, you naughty girl. Strip and I'm going to
give you twelve of the best on your bare ass. Hurry it up. Jenny, help her
with the cuffs and tie her down. We don't have enough room for ten, so take
turns, or some sit on the floor. I'm sure you are all anxious to see this."

	"Helen-Ann, you are about to meet our pet cane. This is your last
chance. Do you agree to be spanked twelve times? Once I start I will ignore
whatever you say, and you get all twelve. What do you say?"

	The girl shuddered but said, "Yes, mam, give me my twelve and
ignore whatever I might say. I really need this, I don't care how much it hurts."

	"Very well, you'll get at least twelve, but you have to count then,
thank me and ask for another. If you forget, it's extras."

	Whoosh! Ohhhhhh! "One, thank you mam. Please give me another."
	Helen-Ann was screaming and crying, but she kept the count. When it
came to twelve she asked for another and got it. This kept up until she had
taken nineteen, at which time she fainted.

	Ellen gave her one more for good measure and left, "Got to start
supper. Tell her what a good job she did. If she ever needs another one,
have her call me or get in touch with you, Jenny. Oh, not today, but if any
of you want a caning, let Jenny know. Same rules; under eighteen, I need a letter."

	Helen-Ann was moaning on the bed. Jenny had released her. "You with
us yet Helen-Ann?" Jenny rubbed her welted ass with skin cream, which she
knew from experience wouldn't do much good, but it was better than nothing.
	
	The girl woke suddenly, "Is it over? How many did I take?"
	Jenny answered, "Well, you fainted at nineteen, so mom gave you one
more to make it an even twenty. She has left to start supper. Didn't you get enough?"

	"Well, to tell you the truth, I had my heart set on twenty five."
	Jenny turned to Sue, "I lost track of who was spanking me, but
there was one swat that was about as good as mom's. I recall screaming. Any
idea who that was?"

	A tall blond stepped forward. "I guess that was me, Jenny. I'm
Sally, and we never met until today. I'm in college and a member of a
sorority that is big into spankings, so I've taken a lot and given a lot.
I'm neighbors with your friend Sue, so I came along."

	Jenny asked Helen-Ann, "Would you like Sally to give you five more?"

	Helen-Ann had recovered somewhat, so she said, "No, I want  at
least ten, or as many more as I can take, as hard as you want, and thanks
Sally. We'll talk about sororities later. It is obvious I want to get into
yours so I can get spanked often."

	Sally smiled, "Tie her down. Same rules, and I'll spank you ten
times, but if you ask for another after ten, be assured you'll get it."

	Whoosh! Ohhhhhh! "That was one, mam. Thank you. Please give me another"

	Whoosh! Ohhhhhh! This went on and on. Helen-Ann was screaming and
crying, but still asked for more. She finally got so incoherent at twenty
three that Sally stopped. Helen-Ann screamed, "Just two more - only two
more and it will be twenty five." Sally gave her two more.

	Jenny had never seen such a well-spanked ass. She untied Helen-Ann
and let her rest on her tummy. "Helen-Ann, you wore tight jeans. Your ass
is so swollen that you'll never get them on. We're about the same size.
Borrow a soft, full skirt from me to get home. You can return it tomorrow."

	"Oh, mom said any time you need another caning to let me know. Hey,
I bet you'd like a spanking from grandad. He uses a razor strop which is
worse than the cane. Well, maybe it isn't, but he hits a lot harder than
mom. Let me know if you want to try one."

	Helen-Ann smiled at Jenny, "I definitely want more from your mom
and I'd love to try the razor strop. How many spanks does he give?"

	"He gives twelve, like mom usually gives, but I suppose he would
give you more if you really wanted them. I took just one spanking from him
and I was so weak after twelve that I needed help to stand. Mom took one
with me and she _asked_ me to drive home. Hell, that's the first time she
has _ever_ driven in the car with me at the wheel, so that gives you an
idea how she felt after the stropping."

	"When can I get a spanking from him? You've got me anxiously
looking forward to getting one."

	"I'll call him. How is Saturday afternoon with you? That was when
mom and I got ours. He is semi-retired, so his time is pretty much his own."

	"That would be fine. I'll pick you up, and you can drive me home if
I can't make it on my own."

	Sally spoke up, "I don't suppose your grandad would take another volunteer?"

	Jenny answered, "I'm sure he would. He did mom and me and was
hardly winded. He told us to come back if we wanted more, but I think he
was giving us a hard time. Don't you get it enough in your sorority?"

	"Well, yes and no. It depends on what activities we have and
whether I have broken any house rules. Actually, I haven't been spanked in
several weeks, and this razor strop of your grandad's sounds really wicked.
I'd like to be able to say I've taken one once. We looked for one for our
collection and never found one. Barbers haven't used them in years."

	Jenny said, "I'll call gramps later and let Sue know, or you can
leave me a phone number. I'm sure he will give you two a stropping, but I
don't know if he or grandma have any plans for this weekend. I'll warn you
two that you had better wear a soft dress that is full in the back, bring a
blanket, or better a sleeping bag, to crash on while you recover and a soft
pillow to get home on. Oh, if there are any more volunteers let me know,
but if you just want to come along for the show, I don't think gramps would care."

	Finally all the girls left and Jenny was alone with her mom in the
kitchen, sitting on her soft pillow. "I've never seen anyone take a
spanking like Helen-Ann did. She got twenty from you and twenty five from
Sally. Not only that, but that was her very first spanking. Hey, I'm going
to try for that same sorority. They are big on spankings."





JENNY 05

	The next day Christine looked her up, "Do you suppose you would
like to play tonight? I can stay over. I even tossed in my toothbrush, just
in case you said 'yes' to my request. I don't even have to go home, just call."

	"Sounds good, honey. Just racall that my pussy is still very sore
and I may not be able to stand have you licking me. I'll take care of you
with the whip and tongue."

	Later that evening Chris was tied to the bed and spanked on the ass
with everything they had. Rhonda helped. Chris wasn't in as bad a shape as
Rhonda and Helen-Ann, but her ass was sore as hell. Helen-Ann licked her
while Rhonda pinched tits and they soon brought her to a lovely cum.

	Helen-Ann took a four quart enema, while Chris was able to gently
lick her. Rhonda pinched tits again. Helen-Ann spurted a bit as she had
her cum. After she was empty, they filled up Rhonda. Chris licked and
Helen-Ann pinched. Rhonda had her cum.

	Chris had to leave early, so for something different, they had
Betsy give Chris her famous treatmrnt with the big paddle. Poor Chris
needed a pillow, but couldn't admit it her folks.

	Almost a week went by and Helen-Ann got a call from Ms. Zee, "Honey,
I have a session for Saturday afternoon. Would your ass be ready?"

	Helen-Ann laughed, "Sure Mistress. I still have marks, but it is OK
for a spanking. It has been neglected since I saw you, so I'm in the mood."

	On Saturday Elena was introduced to a middle aged man in a business
suit. He was named Carl, "I understand you are not a professional bottom, young lady."

	"That's correct Carl. I have been a client once and brought my mom
here once. I'm spanked quite a bit, and have a high threshold for pain. 
Just what do you have in mind for a scene?"

	"All four of us strip. Then you are restrained, spanked by
Mistress Zee until you have been nicely warmed up, and I will give you a
number of spanks myself. Finally, Mistress Zee spanks me while Penny spanks
you. I play with myself and have a cum."

	Elena nodded, it didn't really sound very heavy, "Alright Carl. My
safeword is 'safeword', which I have never used. Let's go, I haven't been 
spanked in over a week and my ass is very cold."

	Soon they had her over the spanking horse and Penny started with a
cane. Ms. Zee used the cat. Nothing like the previous session, but her ass
was definately warming up. She only screamed a few times. Carl had a nice
erection, and took over. He was not as bad as Ms. Zee, but worse than
Penny. She screamed with most of his spanks. She could hear Carl getting
the whip. He grabbed a paddle, and he got worse. She was screaming with
every blow. She could hear both girls spanking Carl. He grunted and she
felt cum flying over her ass. "Sorry, I couldn't restrain myself."

	Elena shrugged, a little cum on her skin wouldn't hurt her. Penny
rushed for the Kleenex and soon had her ass clean and the cuffs off. 

	Carl said, "Elena, you look familiar, do you work at a Mexican
restaurant? I think it is named El Pico De Gallo."

	She smiled, "Yes and no. I was never an empoyee, but my husband
runs the family business. Mom and dad don't even know I am married. It all
blew up when Carlos found out who I really was. My dad is Ross Sargent. At
home I am Helen-Ann Sargent, but 'Helen-Ann' doesn't work in Spanish.
'Elena' is close, and I like it. I've legally dropped my whole name and am
simply 'Elena Rodriguez', but nobody at home knows that."

	Carl nodded, "I've seen you with your father at charity balls.
I was introduced once. I'm chairman of Kitteridge Holdings, and that's my
last name, since I am the founder."

	Elena smiled, "Of course. The ball was at the Plaza Hotel about six
months ago. What a coincidence."

	Carl shook his head, "Is this Carlos crazy? A beautiful wife and all that money?"

	"Carl, I lied a lot to him, because I was falling in love and
sensed he would back off if he knew how far apart our backgrounds were.
I even lied to him about my age. I've got fake ID, which is easy to get if
you have the money. I was only sixteen when we married. I'm just eighteen now." 

	She laughed, "Dad spanks me when I ask him, and I have every 
intention of telling him I was here today, but I won't mention your name. 
I'm not sure he would understand. He really doesn't understand why I need
to be spanked. I'm not sure I do either, but I accept it. Fortunately my
new step-mom likes spankings too. We spank each other and dad spanks both
of us. Mistress Zee is much worse."

	Ms. Zee noticed that Elena had not dressed as Carl departed, "Why
do I think your ass hasn't been busted enough?"
	They were both still nude, so Elena got on her knees and kissed
Ms. Zee on the pussy, "Please, Mistress, whip my ass with the bull whip."

	Penny helped, so she was soon upside-down.
	ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!
	ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!
	ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!
	Ms. Zee never got Elena to use her safeword, so she finally stopped
when Elena's ass started to bleed. "Honey, that will have to be it for
today. Your ass is bleeding. Penny and I will give you a quick going over,
but I've got another appointment, and you drove here."

	They both attacked her with the cat and cane. Her back was hurting,
her tits were hurting and they had briefly done her pussy. She was
staggering when they let her down, and very well spanked. She got on her
knees and kissed Ms. Zee on the pussy, then Penny, who moaned. "Thank you
both. Let me know when Carl needs another cum."



2







JENNY 06

"Sure honey. I can't quote exactly what your gramps said about the manure
pile, but I'm enjoying myself."

Jenny closed her eyes, "He said 'Jenny, I haven't enjoyed myself so much
since my nephew fell into the manure pile.'" 

It took longer to 'beat the manure' out of fifteen girls, but it was
completed with a great deal of noise. Ellen had arrived home and watched
two girls get it. She rubbed her own ass, waved to Jenny and left. 
They all trooped to the living room again. It was quite a crowd. Jenny
said, "So far, no one has indicated that they want to come back later to
give me mine, but all of you, except Liv, signed the paper before your
asshole got busted. Just give me a show of hands, to give me an idea of
how we stand, but before that let me show you something." She turned and
flipped up her skirt. The damage of the last week was still very much in evidence.

"I'm not complaining. I asked for it, but I really don't think I can take
thirty five more today. I'm going to ask about half of you to come back
when my ass is in better shape. Now a show of hands; remember, you have
three choices, one on my ass today, two next week if you come in a group,
or four if you come alone."

"How many just have to give it to me today?" About six girls raised their hands.
"OK, that I can take easily. The rest please get your busted rears the
hell out of here and call me, or see me next week at school. Hey, if no
more than, let me think.....three of you show up at once, the offer of
four is still open. I know I can take twelve with no great trouble. That
is what mom gives me. I'd like to congratulate all of you. Roycee is a
weight lifter and firefighter. She is a powerful girl and anyone who can
take six on the asshole from her should be very proud of themselves. Would
the girls who want to spank me today please come upstairs? Jill, be sure
you check them off the list."

When they got to Jenny's room there were seven. Jenny spoke, "I didn't
want to say it downstairs, but I can handle fourteen today. You each get
to give me two. Where is mom? She is supposed to referee and make sure you
hit me hard enough. Jill, will you get her while I undress and get tied down?"

Ellen was there by the time Jenny was ready. The first girl gave Jenny
two, she grunted at the first one and screamed at the second one. "Hey,
you are OK. That second one was right on." 

The next girl was wimpy, and it took Ellen about six strokes to just get
one small grunt out of Jenny. Finally Ellen said, "Beat her ass, for God
sakes, that's what it is staring at you for and why you are here." 

Finally the girl got the idea and the next two were screamers. 
The remainder were OK. Nothing real wimpy or extra strength. Ellen
approved, and her ass was done for the day; 'only' fourteen good ones,
plus the two she woke up with..

Jenny took it easy on the bed for a while, then dressed in the old shorts
and went to the kitchen to sit on her pillow and rap with mom and Roycee.
Ellen said, "Fourteen is just routine now, huh kiddo? I'll have to
remember that the next time you are naughty, or happen to want an extended wake-up call."

Jenny had been thinking about this herself, and had been afraid mom was
going to recall the twenty four she had taken, plus the residuals from her
other spankings this week. Then she had taken over a dozen today. She
shook her head, "Mom, let me be perfectly honest with you. The worst one I
got was from Roycee on Thursday morning, but that included both the cane
and the switch. Besides, you know damn well she is 'super-woman'. Oh, and
I got two extras on my ass and one extra on the asshole as well. I'm sure
you recall those three! Oh, what do you call that dance you were doing?" 

Ellen interjected, "The Hot Asshole Polka!" 
Jenny continued, "I think you are right, mom, as reluctant as I am to
suggest it. If I am really naughty, I deserve to be really punished, and
severely. Maybe twenty as a minimum? If I wreck the car, or set the house
on fire, make it forty every day for a month. I think the punishment ought
to fit the crime. Have a minimum, but if the crime is worse, so is the
spanking. Maybe not the quantity, there is just so much my ass can take at
one time, but the number of times it is repeated." 

Jenny shrugged, "I don't know mom. I agree that a dozen simply isn't
enough, but I think we ought to kick this around. I'll toss out twenty
minimum from you, not 'super-woman'. What do you think Roycee?" 

"Well, honey, I have a cast-iron ass, as I think I mentioned before.
Twenty wouldn't be much of a punishment for me, but you have a more
'normal' ass than I have. Hum..... I'll vote twenty five for a minor
infraction, like staying out late without a good reason, or permission. If
you are caught smoking, I'd vote twenty five a day for a solid week, and
make it a month if you can't quit."

Ellen thought this over, "So you get twenty five for a minor infraction,
and that is once only. If it is more severe you get twenty five for more
than one day, depending on what you did wrong. Or it might be twenty five
early in the morning and a second twenty five after school. Are you
willing to buy that, honey, is that fair?" 

Jenny laughed, "Like you said the other day, who is tied up?" 
Ellen embraced Jenny, "Darling, I want your punishment to be consensual.
By that, I mean that you are the one tied up, yes, but that we both agree
that you deserve the spanking and the severity." 

Jenny hugged her mom. "That's a deal mom. Twenty five it is, 'repeated as
required', like it says on the pill bottle. Wow, I could end up sitting on
a pillow for a month. Look, I won't argue the number of lashes or the
number of times you decide to repeat the spanking; I know you are fair."

Ellen smiled, "Let's hope you are a perfect angel." 
Jenny pretended to be wearing a halo. "May I change the subject? I am
tired of talking about my ass. Is it OK if Jill comes shopping with us
tomorrow morning? She is a bit shy to go in the Leather Shop by herself. I
can go in with her, but we'll be going there anyway." 

Ellen said, "Sure, as long as her mom knows she will be out. I see no
reason to explain to her mom exactly what stops we plan to make." 

"Swell, mom. I'll call her and confirm. We'll leave about what, 9 AM?"
"Yeah, right around that time."
"Now this is sort-of a touchy question, mom; do you search my room?"

"Shit no. I might go in to retrieve my hand lotion that you took from me
and didn't return, but I figure your room is your business. Does Jill's
mom do that?"

"About once a week. She leaves things in different places, so she is
apparently not trying to hide the fact. Would it be OK for Jill to leave
a, er, personal item in my room?"

Ellen smiled, "Twenty questions again. What the _fuck_ is this personal item?"
"Ah, well mom, you are very close. It would be a dildo. She said she would
buy it with her own money, but if she took it home she would loose it and
get a spanking besides. I am afraid she would have to use it here too. She has no privacy."

Ellen laughed, "Sure honey, and I hope she will have many happy hours
having cum after cum! Just be sure to keep hers and yours separated. I
don't think either of you have any sexually transmitted diseases, but all
us gals have certain bacteria living in our front holes, and back ones for
that matter. Mixing them between people can cause problems." 

Jenny screeched and jumped up, "_MOM_, you just got through telling us you
don't search my room."

Ellen laughed, "This happened some time ago, but you had been apparently
enjoying your nice big dildo so much that you left it on the night stand.
You also were in such a hurry to get it out of the drawer that you had
left your the drawer hanging open so far I was afraid it would fall on the
floor. I cleaned off the dildo, admired it, and put it back in the drawer,
which I closed. I bet you didn't even know I had been in the room, unless
you were wondering how my hairbrush got back in my room? Funny how some of
my things seem to walk down the hall to your room, and forget how to get back."

Ellen continued, "Now I just happened to see a smaller one, that I figured
you used in the back door, and a lovely set of nipple clips. I have to
confess that I tried them on my very own tits and they had a very nice
'ouch' to them. I even forced myself to wear them for an hour. The 'ouch'
after that was a real big one. I bought a dildo and nipple clips like
yours on the next trip I made to the capitol. That was before we had a
leather shop here, or at least way before you told me about it." 

Jenny felt guilty at what she had said and thought. She hugged her mom,
"Please accept my apologies, mom. I didn't even know I'd left it out, you
did such a good job of putting it back where it belonged. Would you like
to give me twenty five lashes, right now? I deserve them for the things I was thinking."

Ellen hugged Jenny, "Yes, but no. Honey, I'd _love_ to give you twenty
five right now, but I won't. The way I told you the story led you to
believe I wasn't truthful with you. Hey, if your ass was in better shape,
I'd take you up on your very generous offer." 

Jenny shook her head, "Mom, I was thinking bad things about you, and I
should know you better than that by now. Twenty five tomorrow?" 
Ellen smiled, "You still have twenty eight girls who are going to give you
at least two each, and maybe four each. That might be over a hundred. When
you ass has truly recovered I'll remind you about your offer, OK? I won't forget."

Jenny replied, "I won't let you forget, mom. Let's do it as a wake-up on a
gym day, just for the hell of it. Oh, one more question on a slightly
different subject. May I get an enema bag?" 

"Why do I think this doesn't have anything to do with constipation, or a
desire to keep your hole smelling of violets? Sure honey, but now I am
curious as hell."

Jenny responded, "Hey, I never thought of using a douche, but they have a
syringe for that, right? I bet Derek would love violets." 

Ellen laughed, "That reminds me. I bought a package of a dozen condoms the
other day. When your ass recovers from all it is owed already, you are
going to have your almost-lover give you twenty five, right? No wimpy
dozen for my Jenny any more; twenty five, hear me? And don't think I am
not going to make him aware of what your new level of performance is in
the spanking department. Anyway, as I make my exit, he gets the whole
package with my suggestion that he doesn't have to use the dozen that first day."

Jenny squealed, "You are going to let us fuck! Oh, thank you mom, thank
you. We will be very careful. Does this mean that he can sleep over some
nights, if he can find an excuse that will satisfy his parents?" 

"Yes, your dad and I discussed the matter and we decided we rather have
you and Derek safe in your bed, than off in the woods, or the backseat,
like my first one, which was not very comfortable, by the way. Honey, you
decided you wanted to sleep in bondage. Now it appears that's in conflict
with having Derek sleep with you, not that I am deluding myself that you
two are going to get much sleep; well, not at first anyway. Your bed is a
single. Do you now need a queen sized bed? I don't think a king sized one
will fit your room, and while I think we can afford a new bed, we stop
short of buying a new house to accommodate your teenage hormones." 

Jenny thought about this, "It _would_ be nice to have a bigger bed if I am
going to sleep with company, and I _do_ want to continue to sleep in
bondage. We don't have to get it today, but a queen size bed would be real
nice. We'll just have to be sure that we can hook the chain to the frame,
like we do now."

Ellen laughed, "Lord help me, now I've got to help buy a bed for my kinky
daughter and be sure it will be suitable for bondage." 

Roycee had been quietly listening, smiling and nodding occasionally. Now
she joined the conversation, "I have had some experience, in my kinky
life, setting up beds for bondage. If you want, I'll be glad to help. A
small drill hole is all it usually takes to fasten a chain. We can even
measure the present bed and the distance between Jenny's arms and legs.
That is what she is used to and, unless she wants to change, we can modify
her new bed to take chain at the same places. Well, that's not quite true.
The queen sized bed is probably longer, as well as wider. That just means
the chain supports are a bit further apart so her arms and legs are the
same angle they are now."

Jenny replied, "Thanks a million Roycee, that solves that problem, as long
as we can get the bed delivered while you are here." 

Ellen said, "That shouldn't be a problem, but we never did really finish
our talk on enema bags. As you may or may not be aware, they come with two
tips. The small one is supposed to be for enemas and the large one for a
douche. Now, as any enema lover will tell you, the small one is so wimpy
as to be ridiculous, except for young children. You can take your water,
but it doesn't feel like you have anything inside you. The large one works
OK as an enema tip, but they shouldn't be used in both holes." 

"As I said before, don't share dildos and don't share enema tips, even
between your own holes. There are bacteria living in the back hole that
are capable of giving you a nasty infection in your front hole. That much
I think they even teach in sex ed." 

"What I recommend is two completely different bags, both with long tips,
but of different construction or color. Some brands come in the same
model, but different colors. I have seen black and red, for example, but
we'll see what is available. As a minimum, we can chain a tag to both of
them, like 'D' for one and 'E' for the other. If you _really_ get into
taking large enemas, there are at least two mail order specialty shops
that offer bags with balloon retention collars and a capacity of four
quarts. A regular bag is two quarts."

Jenny was taking this all in, "Mom, I'll bet _you_ like to take big
enemas, maybe four quarts?"

Ellen laughed and rubbed her tummy, "I love to, honey. I fill up with four
quarts of soapsuds and your dad fucks my ass off. I have a big plug in my
ass to help me from loosing water, but when I have my cum I usually loose
some anyway. I use an absorbent pad like we are going to get for your bed
tomorrow. It really makes me hot to have all that water inside. The
soapsuds make me cramp, but with your dad inside me, it just adds to the fun."

"I know you and Jill are going to experiment, so tell her to get another
bag that she can leave here. That nosy mom of her's would probably notice
if she was taking the bag to our place a lot. You can mark her's so only
she uses it, if it is the same brand as yours. Now, the new subject is
your pussy. I know Derek is going to eat you, and it is nice to keep
yourself smelling good, especially down there. Your second bag should be
for that. You don't want to douche all the time, but you ought to before
sex, er, sorry, you are going to 'make love', right kiddo?" 

Jenny smiled, "I suspect the first few times we are going to fuck like
bunnies, but we do care a lot for one another, so I'll tell you that we
will 'make love', at least once we are somewhat used to doing it. I've
said this before, and I'll say it again; I don't understand why they don't
have a real sex ed class in school. All they give you is a biology class.
You have to learn how to do it on your own, or talking to friends who may
not know what they are talking about. From what I hear from my friends,
most parents never even discuss sex at home, and some of them don't seem
to know much themselves."

Ellen replied, "Hey, I couldn't agree with you more. For example, have you
ever thought that you have three places a dick will fit? Have Derek try
your backdoor some time. Just be sure to use a condom; sperm _can_ leak
and get into the other hole. Not very likely, but I think you two would
rather have a baby when you are ready for it. Also, change to a new condom
if he has been in the back door and wants to try the front one. That
avoids infection, just like using a different bag for each hole. As far as
I know, he can enter your front end with a condom on, then enter your back
end with the same condom. It is the other way around that might cause problems."

Jenny was startled, "His dick up my ass? It would never fit, mom!" 
Both Roycee and Ellen smiled. Roycee answered, "Honey, a small fist will
fit up there with a little practice. That is another kink I am into and I
have had fists up my ass and had my fist up somebody else's. It is real
arousing, but you have to know exactly what you are doing or you will hurt
your partner. Look, let me buy you a nice big butt plug tomorrow. You will
swear it will never fit, but I'll have you taking it by the time I leave.
That OK with you Ellen?"

Ellen was enthusiastic, "Wonderful, Roycee. It will save me the time
trying to convince her that it _really_ will fit. Besides, she wants to
get used to it for her enema sessions and when Derek butt-fucks her.
Jenny, some of it is practice expanding your rectal muscles, but a lot of
it is just learning to relax back there. Your dad can slip into my
backdoor as easily as he can my front. God, my panties are wet. Your dad
is going to catch hell tonight. Actually, my ass is going to catch hell first." 

Jenny heard screams from down the hall that evening, then moans and more
screams, but these were of pleasure. Ellen's prediction had come true.

Ellen tied Jenny to the bed for the last time, if the timed lock was still
available at the 'toy store'. She let her sleep until 8 AM, since it was
Saturday. Then BAM, BAM, ouch! ouch! 

Jill arrived about 8:45 AM, and they all piled into the family car a few
minutes later. Jenny squirmed a bit, having left the pillow at home. The
Leather Shop was their first stop. Jill had to see everything. She was
open mouthed at the collection. "My God, Jenny, there is stuff here I've
only read about and some I've never even heard about. Your cane came from here?"

Jenny laughed, "Yeah, and the cuffs too. Today we want this gizmo." She
indicated a box with a clock in it. It had two electrical cords, one going
to a rectangular ring some three inches long and about an inch and a half
in width. One side was solid and the other open, but a round object could
complete the connection and it would be a closed ring. This object was
about an inch in diameter and two inches long. It had the second
electrical cable leading to it.

Jenny demonstrated the box, "Look how I can move this round thing so it
clicks into the ring." She proceeded to do it with one hand. "Now it is
locked and won't come apart until the time set into the timer. The red
button is an emergency release, but I won't be able to reach that." She
pushed the button and the round locking mechanism sprung back to reveal
about a half inch gap. "My chain is terminated in round rings, which are
largely for looks, but I can easily place the chain on the bed next to my
head and click this lock over the big rings in the cuffs. If it tends to
fall on the floor, that one ring can have a safety pin in it. You've been
in bondage in the same bed, but you may not have taken a good look at the hardware."

Jill laughed, "I was too concerned with my ass to notice, but I see what
you mean. So you plan to finish the bondage yourself so your mom doesn't
have to do it every night." She played with the lock and found it easy to
work with one hand. She pushed the red button and the lock opened. 

Jenny continued, "Notice the red and green LED's. The green one is on now,
but if I unplug the box the red one comes on." She snapped the lock
closed. "Notice when I push the button, the lock still opens. That is the
battery back-up feature, which shouldn't matter to me, but suppose you
lived alone and were playing with self-bondage without a back-up. You
loose power and the timer stops wherever it was at that time." 

"This way it keeps running. The release solenoid runs on six volts, and
the back-up batteries are four standard 'D' cells for a flashlight. If the
batteries get weak the red LED comes on, even if the box is plugged in.
Guess what? I read the book, which has all kinds of disclaimers and
warnings about self-bondage."

Roycee shouted, "Look at these. Just right." She had found two large
butt-plugs. They tapered way down after the big section. It was obvious
that the asshole was supposed to grip the section that was smallest, and
hold the plug where it would be most effective. 

Jenny and Jill both looked at the big plugs in horror. Jenny said, "It
won't fit." Jill just looked at the objects with a hand over her mouth,
shaking her head.

Roycee laughed, "Sure it will. When we have some time, the first thing
I'll do is slip one up my own ass. You'll see how it opens up and with
some practice you can do the same thing. Now you shouldn't use a butt-plug
belonging to somebody else, but I'll pick up a bottle of Isopropyl
Alcohol, 90% strength, at the drug store where we plan to get the bags and
other stuff. I am very careful when I play with other people, but we won't
take any chances. Now we need 'J-Lube'; it is a must to help that thing
in. K-Y jelly can be used with an educated asshole, but you two will need more help."

Jenny introduced Roycee to Linda, the manager, "The eel? A great pleasure
Roycee. I've seen you swim, when you were competing. I was a few years
ahead of you in high school, but everybody knew you." 

Roycee was a bit embarrassed, "Yeah, I used to swim; still do, but I don't
compete. Hey, I'm going to help these two kids to take these plugs and I
need some J-Lube. Do you have any? Oh, and would you tell these two that
these plugs _will_ fit, with some practice." 

Linda replied, "How many pounds do you want? And sure, I can take a plug
that size myself. It just takes some practice, but we also have some cream
that you put on about twenty minutes before the insertion. I numbs the
asshole, and helps it to relax. I used it at first, but now I don't need
it. K-Y is sufficient, which we don't have since every drugstore in town has it."

They settled for a sixteen ounce jar of the J-Lube powder, and got the
rest of the things. They helped Jill pick out a dildo, which looked a lot
like the one Jenny owned, but was black. This amused Roycee, "Honey,
you're gonna have yourself a lot of fun with that Nigger dildo." 

Jill smiled, "Black or white, it's going up my pussy as far as I can shove it."
They got three enema bags at the drug store, which were all the same color
and brand. That was the best they could do. At least they were good
quality. The drugstore also had the absorbent pads, adult diapers and the
alcohol. At another store they found some brass letters. They even found
some with names on them, so they got two 'Jenny' and one 'Jill'. 

Then they stopped at a furniture store and ordered a queen sized bed for
Jenny. Roycee made sure the frame was adequate to take the restraints.
They got home about 11:30 and the phone was ringing. Jenny groaned, not a
customer for her ass?

It was Helen-Ann, "Jenny, I just heard about the girls that took six with
the cane on their assholes; was that true?" 

Jenny replied, "Sure; we had thirty five, which really surprised us. I
think quite a few wanted to leave, especially after the first girl
screamed up a storm, but no one would chicken out. Hey, you are on for
today to get the razor strop, correct? As a matter of fact, you are number one."

"I sure hope so, I'll be at your place by 1 PM, but I was hoping to get
six on my asshole too."

"Well, it is late now, but would after the stropping be OK?" 
"Yeah, as long as I can show them to dad this evening." 
"You're really going to show him your bare ass tonight?" 

"I sure am. I told him we needed a serious talk, and for once he is
staying home tonight anyway. Do you think your granddad would give me a
second session, after he is done? Oh, how many volunteers do we have, anyway?"

"We have six officially, but I have an idea we will have more; maybe lots
more. Look, Roycee is number five and she is a very powerful girl. If
gramps gets tired, I'll ask her to take over." 

Helen-Ann squealed, "Roycee, the eel? I swam against her once and it was a
fiasco. I didn't know she was in town, let alone into spankings. Come to
think of it, the girl that mentioned the asshole spankings did say it was
a black girl giving the cane, with you holding their ass cheeks apart."

"She must have been one of the thirty five, or she got an awfully detailed
report, but that is correct, and I'll hold your ass cheeks apart while you
scream you lungs out getting your asshole caned. We'll do it to you right
after the stropping, but I'm not sure exactly when that will be." 

"Like I said, dad is home all evening, so I'll catch him. See you at about
one this afternoon."

They had lunch. Jenny's dad was home, and he got a good laugh out of all
the latest with the spankings. He thought it was a riot that Jenny was
going to stuff her back hole with a plug. When he saw it, he was impressed.

About 12:30 cars started to arrive. Sue had her old VW bus with at least
ten friends, Helen-Ann arrived alone in a Mercedes and the street was full
of cars, old and new. Jenny rode with Helen-Ann, to lead the pack. Roycee
and Jill were with them. They waited until about 1:10, then left. Gramps
lived in the country, but most of the drive was freeway. They arrived just
about 2 PM, which is what Jenny had told gramps. 

Gramps heard all the cars arriving, so he was out in the yard. They parked
away from the barn to leave room for an as-yet-unknown number of sleeping
bags for the volunteers.

Jenny had all the girls group together so she could introduce them as a
group. Hell, she didn't know the names of at least half of them, and quite
a few were total strangers. Jenny figured they were friends-of-friends, or
from the sorority, and she only knew Sally and Grace. It looked like there
must be about fifty visitors. 

She asked for quiet and introduced her granddad, "Girls, I'd like you all
to meet my grandfather, Jake Knox. He is holding a razor strop that some
of you are going to have a very intimate relationship with this afternoon.
We have six known volunteers, but I see a lot of you are wearing skirts,
which is a bit unusual for a Saturday, unless you expect to have a swollen
ass later on. Also I have observed sleeping bags and backpacks. May I have
a show of hands from those who are absolutely sure they are going to get it
from us?"

(To Be Continued)




JENNY 07

Jenny counted eleven.

"OK, I have eleven. Now, how many think they may volunteer, but are undecided?"

She counted eighteen.

"OK, I have eighteen who are undecided. That is twenty nine. I think that
is asking a lot of gramps, but we have Roycee here, who is number five to
get one from gramps. You may recall 'the eel' from last year's swimming
team. She is a professional firefighter and amateur weight lifter. Then my
grandmother is not unknown to the use of the strop, as my mom has told me.
Sally is good with the cane, I should know, so we will probably have
enough talent to take you all." 

"The rules are simple. You take off all your clothes, even your socks.
Gramps ties your hands to a rope on that large post in the barn. Then you
get a rope holding your feet behind the post. The pulley is tightened and
you are finally on your tip-toes. You get a strap around the post and your
middle to keep you from thrashing around. He gives you twelve with the
strop, whether you like it or not. I want to make that plain; once he
starts you can scream 'stop' all you want, but nothing is going to happen
except another lash of the strop. You will probably be weak kneed after
the stropping, and we will help you to your sleeping bag, or blanket. Then
the next girl gets hers."

"I have the following: Helen-Ann, who I see is already nude, Sally, Nancy,
Jill, Roycee and Grace. I've seen all of you today except Nancy, who I
spoke to on the phone, but never met." A tall pretty brunette waved from
the crowd.Jenny continued, "OK, Nancy is here. The remaining twenty three can decide
among yourselves who goes next, if you want to get it at all. I warn you
that twelve from the strop, from gramps, is an industrial strength
spanking. I've had one and will get another, but not today. My ass is
still recovering from this last week. Any questions? No? OK, get in place Helen-Ann."

Helen-Ann walked to the post and gramps quickly had her tied up. 
Splat! EEOOWWWW!
Splat! EEOOWWWW!
Splat! EEOOWWWW!

Helen-Ann got her dozen and was crying buckets when Jenny and Roycee
helped her to her sleeping bag. She was definitely weak kneed. Jenny had
her lay on her tummy and put the pillow under her head. She said, "Oh, I
needed that so much."

Sally, Nancy and Jill got theirs, then it was Roycee's turn. She was
really magnificent, totally nude. Her breasts were ample with no sag at
all and her nipples stuck out proudly. Flat tummy, and did she ever have muscles.

Gramps had her in bondage and started the stropping. 
Splat! Grunt!
Splat! Grunt!
Splat! Grunt!

That was all he got from her. When she was untied she walked off unaided,
as if it had been nothing.

Grace had a high pitched scream, but took her dozen, and needed help to walk.
After that it was hard to keep track. Jenny counted at least a dozen when
gramps admitted his arm needed a rest. Roycee volunteered, and Helen-Anne,
who had recovered, volunteered to get one from her, and tell the crew how it compared.

Splat! EEOOWWWW! She...
Splat! EEOOWWWW! is...
Splat! EEOOWWWW! worse...

Helen-Ann couldn't even walk after her second dozen, so Jenny and Roycee essentially carried her.
Jenny announced, "Helen-Ann said Roycee was worse than gramps, so the rest of the crew beware."

They still kept volunteering, although it took a couple of helpers to get
them to their sleeping bags.

Gramps recover somewhat and between he and Roycee they continued on. She
would spank a couple of girls, then gramps would do one. Jenny lost track
at about thirty, and there were still a few more. Grandma came out and
spanked a few. Sally tried her hand, but had never handled a strop. Roycee
finished the girl up who was so weak Roycee finally carried her to her sleeping bag.

Finally it seemed that everyone had been satisfied. Many had left after
the first ten or so. They had only come to look anyway. Finally there were
only Jenny, Roycee, Helen-Ann and Jill left. They all thanked gramps.
Helen-Ann spoke up, "I'm going to show my ass to dad tonight. I want it to
look as bad as possible. Would you give me one more dozen, Roycee, please?" 

Soon she was tied down for the third time. 
Splat! EEOOWWWW!
Splat! EEOOWWWW!
Splat! EEOOWWWW!

Somewhere around number ten she fainted, but Roycee gave her the full
dozen she had asked for. Roycee said, "Poor little rich kid. She relates
love with discipline and discipline with a spanking. Maybe she is right;
her dad is more interested in his business than loving, disciplining or
spanking his daughter. I hope he learns something tonight. Let's put her
in the back seat. She is in no shape to drive. Let her lay on the sleeping
bag. Jill, you stay with her and Jenny or I will drive. I've never driven
a Mercedes. Jenny, let me drive to the rest stop, which is about half way
home, and then you take over."

That worked out OK, giving both girls a chance to drive the expensive car.
Helen-Ann had groaned a few times, but never moved or spoke. Soon Jenny
pulled up in front of her house. "Jill, see if she is awake. She is
totally nude and I'm not sure what to do with her if she is still out." 

Helen-Ann finally decided to wake up, "Roycee, did I get my last dozen?"
"Of course honey, you asked and I delivered. You sort-of left us around
number nine or so, but I finished you off. Do you think you can get
dressed with our help?"

"Oh, we are at Jenny's place and this thing may be expensive, but it still
requires a driver. How was it?" 

Roycee and Jenny both praised the car while they helped Helen-Ann to dress.
Helen-Ann said, "Now all I need is to have my asshole warmed and I'll be
ready for daddy."

Both Jenny and Roycee shook their heads. Jenny said, "Helen-Ann, you are
in no shape for any more punishment today." 

Helen-Ann looked very sad, "Jenny, you promised; so did you Roycee. One of
you can drive this thing to my place and follow in another car, if that is
what is bothering you. I'm still sort of weak after the stropping anyway.
If I'm not driving, the condition of my asshole doesn't matter. You have a
car right here, don't you Roycee? I really want dad to see my asshole has
been caned, in addition to the razor strop on my ass cheeks." 

Jenny looked at Roycee. They both shrugged. Roycee said, "OK honey, but a
caning back there is really intense." 

Jill spoke, "I'd better go home. I have supposedly been shopping all day.
Jenny, you already have my stuff that needs to be here, but I'll leave the
sleeping bag and pillow here until tomorrow, so mom won't ask questions."
Jenny answered, "Sure, Jill, and we'll start the butt-plug lessons
tomorrow, if your rear end is in shape." 

Helen-Ann was a bit weak kneed, but they got her to Jenny's room and tied
to the bed. Jenny held her ass cheeks open and Roycee gave her the first lash.

BAAAAM! Scream, scream, scream.
BAAAAM! Scream, scream, scream.
BAAAAM! Scream, scream, scream.

In just a few moments Helen-Ann had taken her six, but she still screamed
for about a minute. They untied her and helped her to her feet. She
finally found her voice for something else than screaming, "Thanks; did
you say intense? My God, that was terrible, but just what I wanted. Please
give me a hand and maybe one of you would drive my old jalopy to my place." 

Jenny drove and Roycee followed. Soon they had Helen-Ann home. She
embraced them both and thanked them profusely. 

The drive back to Jenny's was not as quiet as the Mercedes. Jenny finally
spoke. "I hope she gets her dad to understand. I kinda wish I could try to
explain it to him personally, but I'm not sure I understand myself." 

Roycee shrugged, "I think it is just like I said earlier. No spanking
equals no discipline equally no care equals no love. She needs to be loved _and_ spanked."

After supper Jenny and Roycee were listening to rock music when Ellen said
there was a call from a Mr. Ross Sargent for Roycee. Jenny picked up her
extension and handed it to Roycee. She thought Helen-Ann's last name was
Sargent, but wasn't sure. She turned on the speaker-phone feature.

"Is this Roycee Neal?"
"This is she."

"Helen-Ann showed me a badly swollen buttocks and, ah, rectum and said you
were responsible for most of that." 

"Well, now Mr. Sargent, it depends on your definition of 'responsible'. I
spanked thirty five girls on the asshole yesterday. They all asked for it
and I obliged. Helen-Ann asked for her six today and I obliged. I'm not
really sure how old all the girls were yesterday, but Helen-Ann is an
adult, unless she has false ID. Now she asked and I obliged, so who is
responsible? She is old enough to be responsible for her own actions and
she got just what she asked for. The same is true of the razor strop."

Ross sighed, "Roycee, I'm sorry, but having my daughter walk into my study
stark naked and display her rear to me is a bit unsettling." 

Roycee laughed, "She screwed up the courage to take all her clothes off
for your talk; I'm proud of her."

"But I don't understand her motive in getting spanked on purpose." 
"Mr. Sargent, Jenny and I have been discussing this ourselves. Now
Helen-Ann told us earlier that she has wanted to be spanked, if she
deserved it, ever since she was five or so. She equates love and caring
with discipline. If you care for her, you provide discipline, right? If
she is naughty, you care enough to spank her for being naughty. So love
equals a spanking and letting her do as she pleases equals 'you don't
care' and don't spank. Now I am a professional firefighter, not a
psychiatrist, but it is fairly plain to me what you should do. Take a few
hours off next week and we will go to a Leather Shop. I'll recommend a
whip, a paddle, a cane, a strap and some hand and leg restraints. Talk to
her on a daily basis. See if she thinks she deserves a spanking, or if you
know she has been naughty, tie her up and spank the hell out of her ass.
Let her know that if she feels like a spanking for no reason other than
she wants it, she will get it. I think you will have a new girl on your
hands in just a few days or weeks."

"Oh, doesn't she have a lovely pair of tits?" 

Ross looked at his nude daughter, sitting on the sofa as if there was
nothing unusual in her attire, or the fact that her ass was badly swollen.
She had arrived nude, so he presumed she had simply walked through the
house to his study without clothes. Shit, she _did_ have a lovely pair of
tits. The rest of her, perhaps with the exception of her ass, which was a
temporary condition, was lovely too. She was no longer a child; she was a
full grown woman, and she wanted to be spanked whenever she felt the need.
Ross finally answered Roycee, "Er, yes to your question, they are very
nice. To your offer, naturally I accept. She has already made it plain
that she wants to be spanked by her daddy, not a friend or neighbor. I
guess I can't understand why she didn't tell me a very long time ago." 

Roycee shook her head, although Ross was unaware of that, "Sir, she _has_
been telling you, by doing things that would have resulted in a good
spanking, in my house at least. You, and your ex-wife before that, either
didn't care enough to react, or spoiled her rotten. The fact that she has
turned out as well as she has is remarkable, but she is full of tensions,
like all of us. She goes to school, and one of the girls makes a snide
remark because she has a Mercedes instead of the VW Beetle she asked for.
She has designer jeans instead of a pair that are about ready to fall
apart, which is the latest rage, by the way. In gym class she has
expensive underwear. She couldn't have a cheap plastic imitation pearl
necklace, but the genuine article, worth a fortune. No Mickey Mouse watch for her." 

Ross sighed, "I've _really_ fucked up, haven't I? Oh, please call me Ross."
Roycee responded, "Ross, you have been a workaholic, from what I gather.
If you want to discover your daughter, it is not too late. Delegate some
of your work. Be home for her. Have supper with her. Go to the movies with
her, even if you think the movie stinks. And especially, be ready to spank
her any time she wants it. Develop a relation so that all she has to do is
come to you and say 'I was naughty today', or 'My day was really El
Stinko'. Maybe she just hands you the cane and doesn't say anything, but
you know what she wants you to do with that cane. You can ask her how many
she needs or if she wants it with the cane only. Things like that." 

Ross sighed again, "How did you learn so much about people at only twenty?"
Roycee laughed, "Oh, ho; you know my age. Bet you had someone look me up, right Ross?"

Ross answered, "I have a staff I can call on twenty four hours a day, if
necessary, and I called my chief of security, who is a retired cop. I like
to know who I am dealing with. You were affectionately known as 'the eel',
for your swimming ability, you brought us our _only_ state swimming
championship, you have a brown belt in Judo, your GPA is 3.96, you
received a commendation for carrying an unconscious man weighing over
three hundred pound down a ladder from the third story of a burning
building, then _running_ back up the ladder to fight the fire, you are
going to night school, but it will take you years to get your degree. You
don't go full time because your younger sister and your mom need the
money. Your car is the old Beetle that my daughter wanted." 

Roycee screamed, "Hey, stop that Ross! You are embarrassing me. I only do
what thousands of other girls and boys do, who weren't born to wealthy
parents. I made a foolish mistake; I should have picked wealthy parents,
but I guess I wasn't thinking that far ahead. As far as that fire went, I
was only doing what they pay me to do, what I was trained to do. Oh, and
tell your security man it is a _Black_ belt. I made that level over six months ago."

Ross came back, "Six months ago? I'm surprised his records are that out of
date. I'll kid the hell out of him. Seriously, Roycee, I could get you
into Harvard by making less than, oh..., I'd guess four calls. That's with
a full scholarship, and it will lead to the MBA you want. Your little
sister and mother will be taken care of. You have done me a big favor with
Helen-Ann. Please let me help you."

Roycee came back, "Ross, you have me crying. I-I can't turn down an offer
like that Ross. I very humbly thank you, but Jenny, who has been listening
on the speaker, started this and her mom gave Helen-Ann her first real spanking."

Ross replied, "I'm aware of that, but Ellen and Carl Blackwell are both
lawyers. I know them both quite well. My company even employs them
sometimes, when our staff is overloaded, or their special talents are
needed. They net way over $200,000 a year and can easily afford Harvard.
They are both Harvard alumnae and Jenny's dad registered her about the
time she was born. I'm aware that Jenny will probably transfer to Harvard
Law after she has been to our local college for a few years. The point is,
that they can afford it and your dad is dead and your mom has arthritis
and never finished high school. Not to mention your little sister. I'd
help Jenny too, if I thought she needed it."

Jenny spoke for the first time, "Can you hear me OK, sir, this is Jenny"
Ross said, "Loud and clear Jenny. Please convince Roycee to take this
opportunity to go to Harvard, if she needs any convincing. I'd like to
thank you and your mom for your part in this, too. It is ironic that
Helen-Ann got her first spanking from someone I know. Oh, and it is 'Ross', please."

Jenny said, "OK Ross. I just wanted to thank you for helping Roycee. She
has been a very special friend since first grade and is one of the really
nice people of this world. I didn't know about the man she saved or the
commendation. She seldom talks about herself." 

Roycee spoke, "Why don't we try to get together after Jenny's school
hours. She met Helen-Ann before I did and she may have some suggestions
about the spanking equipment to buy. The owner's girlfriend is the manager
and a friend of Jenny's."

Ross replied, "Fine, that gives me a chance to meet her in person, and I
need all the help with the equipment that I can get. Oh, excuse me,
Helen-Ann just got off the sofa and went over to the little fridge where I
keep some soft drinks. She may have done it on purpose, the little minx,
but she bent over, giving me another long look at her battered rear." 

Jenny came back, "Just remember, Ross, she _wants_ a battered rear, but from you."
Ross said, "I am almost sure that was an act. She took much too long to
select what she wanted to drink, and she bent from the waist to show me
her rear, rather than bending her knees like she usually does. Oh, and she
had her legs apart showing off everything she's got down there. I
certainly have had a lesson in trying to bring up a young woman today. I
still can't get over the way she walked in here in the nude, like she does it every day."

Jenny said, "I know how much she was hoping to accomplish from having the
talk with you tonight. She was planning to wear a dress and no panties.
Then you would have only had a brief look at her rear. She must have
really had to screw up her courage to leave all her clothes in her room."
Ross answered, "What you are saying is that she was probably wound up
tight, damn near to the breaking point, when she stepped in my study door.
I noticed some shaking in her body and her voice, but I didn't appreciate
what courage it took to do what she did. Now she appears completely calm."
Jenny had an idea, "Ross, when we are done talking, tell her that she was
naughty. I don't care for what; the spanking mom gave her, the stropping,
keeping her needs to herself, whatever. I wouldn't use being in the nude
as a reason. I think she wants to display her body, under the right
conditions, and I don't personally find anything wrong with that. We
probably had about thirty nude girls at one time today at gramps place.
She has an especially pretty body, and if she wants to show it to dad,
that should be OK."

"Then tell her she is going to get a severe spanking when you have the
right equipment, which is next week, but she needs at least a token
spanking tonight. Let's see, you probably have a table tennis paddle and
she must have a hairbrush. Give her a choice, and ask her how many she
deserves to get. I'll bet she asks for about fifty with both. Don't try to
use your hand. From personal experience I can tell you that the hand is
not in the same class as the paddle or the hairbrush. She wants it from
you. Start giving it to her."

Roycee said to Ross, "One more thing. Jenny has been tied to the bed every
night for about two weeks now, and she plans to make it permanent, as long
as she lives home anyway. Helen-Ann thought that was pretty neat and we
talked about it. Today she was admiring a new gizmo Jenny got. You can put
yourself into self-bondage with one hand, and the lock won't release until
the timer goes off. That allows the one in bondage to work alone. Ellen
has been clipping on the last cuff every night, and now she doesn't have
to worry about it. Jenny sets her's for 9 AM, but you can set it for your
own needs. Ellen comes in on school mornings and wakes Jenny at 7 AM with
two good lashes from the cane. Then she un-clips the cuffs. Jenny's joke
is that there is no snooze alarm feature. On weekends it is about 8 AM
that Jenny gets the cane. Do you care enough for Helen-Ann to give her two
lashes with the cane every morning at whatever is her wake-up time?"

Ross came right back, "Good God, yes, Roycee. I'm always here in the
morning, unless I'm on a business trip. I'll bet old Betsy, our maid,
would laugh her ass off over that. She would love to cane Helen-Ann when I
am away too. She has brought up Helen-Ann more than I have, for which I
regret. She has been telling me how much the kid needed a spanking for
years now, and I never believed it."

Roycee thought she knew the maid. "Do you mean Betsy Rogers?" 
Ross replied, "The same one and ornery as ever. I really get it when I'm
late for supper."

Roycee smiled, "I know what you mean. She is a friend of my mom's. She
actually gave me a good spanking once. I deserved it, but mom had hurt her
hand. You ought to make a deal with her to spank Helen-Ann if she wants it
when you are away. You do have to make lots of trips, according to
Helen-Ann, and I know she loves Betsy like the mom she never sees anymore.
I know she would prefer to get it from you, but Betsy would be second
best. By-the-way, that's a good thing about the cane. It is real mean,
easy to learn how to use, accurate and doesn't require that much force to
be quite effective. Did you get a real close look at the six I gave Helen-Ann today?"

Ross smiled, "She certainly seemed proud of them, but I've only seen them
from several feet off."

Roycee said, "She ought to be proud. That is a very sensitive place and a
spanking there is very intense. I did thirty five girls yesterday, but
after they heard the screams from the first girl, the only reason they
didnt head for the door was what we call the 'chicken' syndrome; none
would leave first, so they all stayed. Order her to get over your lap and
spread her cheeks so you can get a close look. She will be getting two
every morning, if she wants them, but not there. I think she does, from
what she said when she heard about Jenny getting them every morning. But
be prepared. Helen-Ann may ask you to do her there yourself, and if she
ever does, you ought to give them to her."

Ross replied, "It looks like I have a lot to learn. OK, I'll have a close
look at my daughter's rear end. Now a couple of hours ago I would have
said that unlikely in the extreme." 

Jenny spoke, "I know what respect she had for the razor strop. Do you have
a secretary with some spare time to search for one?" 
Ross replied, "No problem, but where will she search?" 

Jenny came back, "Antique shops. She can use the phone book, plus visits.
It was only perhaps forty or so years ago that they were getting replaced,
and every shop used to have one per seat. Some shops used them up to a few
years ago, if the barber was a real old timer. I'll bet one can be had.
Oh, there is a sorority that both Helen-Ann and I are going to try for
that sponsors spankings. They need one too, if she finds more than one." 

Ross thanked them again and made an appointment to visit the Leather Shop
on Tuesday. Ross hung up. He and Helen-Ann had a very long talk, and Ross
understood her needs much better afterwards. 

Finally he took on the 'angry dad' role, and said, "Young lady, I'd like
to examine the six strokes you received over your rectal sphincter earlier
today. Please place yourself over my lap." 

"Certainly, dad." She moved to his lap and lay over it in the typical
'spanking position'. She reached back and spread her cheeks. Ross could
now clearly see six distinct marks. They were swollen, as was her entire rear.

"Wasn't that very painful, Helen-Ann?"

"Of course Dad, and it still is, but punishment is _supposed_ to be
painful. As I told you, I also received three sessions with the razor
strop, which should also be visible. That's thirty six strokes. I had to
be helped back to my sleeping bag each time, and the last time I fainted,
but it was what I wanted. I knew we were scheduled for this talk tonight
and I wanted to be sure there was plenty of evidence that I had been severely spanked."

Ross shook his head. Could he inflict even more damage on his daughter's
ass cheeks tonight? He realized that she wanted him to, and the real
question was, did he have what it took to give them to her. He shook his
head again; he had to, if he was going to find his daughter. "Helen-Ann,
you have been very naughty keeping all this from me. Next week Roycee and
Jenny are taking us to the Leather Shop. You will be equipped with the
proper whips, canes, restraints and the lot, and will be severely punished."

He considered how to explain to her about what she was going to get
tonight. "However, I feel that I should not wait that long to spank you
for your first time in this house. Get me the table-tennis paddle and the
wide hairbrush. While you are doing that, you may consider whether you
wish to sleep in bondage like Jenny does, and be awakened by the cane.
Realize that I still will have to make some business trips, although I am
going to leave a great deal more time for us. Consider allowing Betsy to
spank you when I am unavailable. God knows she has told me hundreds of
times how much you needed it, but I ignored her."

Helen-Ann pretended to consider the matter. She got up off his lap and
stood before him. She had accomplished more than she ever dreamed of, but
she wanted dad to feel that she was thinking about what he had said.
"Certainly, dad, I will get the items you requested, and think about what you mentioned."

The paddle was in the basement, and she found it easily. Betsy had her own
private quarters there too. Her door was open, so Helen-Ann knocked and
entered when she was invited in by Betsy. She had essentially forgotten
that she was in the nude. Betsy exclaimed, "Honey, what's the matter?
Where are your clothes?"

Helen-Ann looked down, realized she didn't have any clothes on and
laughed. "Betsy, dear, they are in my room." She was holding the paddle.
"What do you think dad is going to do with this, after all these years of
spoiling me rotten?"

"My heavens, don't tell me he is actually going to _spank_ you?" 
Helen-Ann turned and bent over, "Right over these that my friends gave me,
including a friend of yours, Roycee Neal. She also gave me six on my
asshole." She spread her ass cheeks.




JENNY 08

Betsy shook her head, "A spank back there can be very painful. It looks
like a cane was used, by the size and shape of the marks. I knew that you
needed to be spanked for years; I even thought you wanted to be, but I
never thought your dad would wake up."

Helen-Ann laughed, "I had to first get spanked and then march into his den
with no clothes on. _THAT_ finally got his attention. Betsy, I'm going to
sleep tied to the bed and wake up to the cane every day. Oh, only two
strokes. I'm supposed to be able to get spanked anytime I ask for it. When
dad is busy, or on a trip, you get to do it to me. Think you can handle that?"

Betsy smiled, "Get your naughty ass over my lap, honey, and I'll damn well
_show_ you I can handle you. I'll only give you five on each cheek today,
but I bet you'll feel them." 

Helen-Ann happily got over Betsy's lap.
Splat!, Splat! scream, scream.

Helen-Ann got her ten, and they had been good ones all right. She was
crying as she embraced Betsy. "T-thanks, B-betsy." 

She went to her room for her hairbrush, then back to the den. 
Ross looked at her, "What happened Helen-Ann? It looks like you have been crying."

"Dad, I talked to Betsy when I went for the paddle and she _showed_ me
that she is very capable of spanking me if you aren't available." She got
over her dad's lap. "I know there is a lot of damage back there, but I
looked in the mirror, and you should be able to see new red marks on both
cheeks. That was only five on each cheek, but it still made me scream and cry."

She explained, "Dad, you simply have to spank me hard enough to make me
scream. If I just grunt or moan, it wasn't hard enough, and I'll start
crying on the first good spank. On your lap, I'll try to move a lot. The
cuffs tied to the bed will take care of that, but for tonight just hold me
down. Remember that there will be lots of screaming and crying, but if we
agree on a number of spanks, I get them, no matter what. Is that plain enough, dad?"

Ross was learning, "Sure Helen-Ann, but be patient with me until I learn
about this spanking bit. Are you ready for your very first spanking from your dad?"

"Ready? Dad I have been waiting for years for the fucking thing, and you
can give me extras for the bad language." 

Ross said, "I'll do that. Now how many do you want and which, er, tool do
you want me to use?"

Helen-Ann had been thinking about this. She knew that Jenny was going to
get twenty five with the cane, the next time she was naughty. The cane was
supposed to be worse than a paddle or hairbrush, but other than the ten
from Betsy, she had never had the paddle before, and still hadn't had the
hairbrush used on her. She had already decided to request twenty five on
each cheek with both implements, so she quickly told her dad. 

Ross laughed, "That is exactly what Jenny told me on the phone. OK,
naughty one, here it comes. I'll give you five on one cheek, five on the
other, then start on the first cheek again." He decided on the paddle first.

SPLAT! scream, "Oh, daddy, thank you, that was good." 

This continued until Helen-Ann's cheeks were both very red and she had
taken her total of fifty. He made her scream with every one, and she was
crying up a storm. Now, young lady, for the bad language, up you get.
Bend over and grab your ankles."

SPLAT! scream, scream, scream. She fell on the floor 
"OHHHHH, OHHHHH, g-good f-for y-you d-dad. 

She recovered and soon found the hairbrush was much different, but still
very effective. It seemed to have less 'thud' but more 'sting', like the
cane, which was almost pure 'sting'. Ross had her screaming and crying. He
was finally done. Helen-Ann stayed over his lap for a few minutes, then
got up and bent over, touching her toes. 

Ross was a bit mystified, "I thought I was done honey." 
"Not quite, dad. I wanted to tell you that you busted my fucking ass, and
the punishment for one bad word is one like this, correct?" 

Ross smiled, "You are exactly correct. With the paddle." 
SPLAT! scream, scream, scream. She had fallen over again. 
OHHHHH, OHHHHH, OHHHHH, v-very g-good.

She flung herself into his arms and kissed him on the cheek. "I don't know
how to thank you, dad. Hey, tell me something, once you got started did
you kinda enjoy spanking me?" 

Ross smiled, "You have a very spankable ass, even if it's not in very
pristine shape today. I have to admit that I _did_ enjoy it." 

Helen-Ann smiled, kissed his cheek and said, "I bet not as much as I liked
to have you finally do it to me!" 

"OK, dad; let me make a suggestion. You and Rhonda have been fucking for a
couple of years now. I hear the noises from the master bedroom, so don't
deny it. Besides, I was having trouble sleeping one night and came down to
make some hot chocolate. You two were nude, fucking on the rug in front of
the fire. Shit, but it made me horny, but I took care of that along with
the hot chocolate and then I had no trouble sleeping. She is a lot younger
than you are, but I have seen how you two look at one another. I even
heard you two discussing marriage, and yes, I was eavesdropping and you
can spank me for it, if you want to. I figured it was my affair as well,
if I was going to have a step mother." 

Ross interrupted, "Are you ready for a step mother, honey?" 

"Dad, I was ready for one about eighteen years ago. My birth mother never
wanted me in the first place, you know that. I really like Rhonda, and I
would love to have her for a step mother. It would be more like having an
older sister, and I might just end up with a very young brother or sister,
which would be fine with me." She laughed. 

Helen-Ann thought about what she had said so far, "Dad, her arguments
against marriage were almost the same as my arguments with you. You work
too hard, and are seldom home. She wants a full time husband just like I
want a full time dad. Now you have already promised to delegate, to cut
back, to be with me more."

"Next time you ask her to marry you, she will probably say no. OK, here is
what you do. Take her to the bedroom, over your shoulder, if necessary and
give her about fifty with the paddle or the hairbrush on the bare, of
course. Both might be too much. You can be lecturing her all the time
about the changes that I hope you are already making in you lifestyle.
When she has her fifty, ask her again. I'll bet she will say 'yes' and
then fuck your ass off! A spanking hurts like hell, but is very arousing" 

Ross said, "That's five you are owed."
"Huh?"

"That was a pair of 'fucking', a 'shit', a 'horny' and one plain 'fuck'.
Do you want them now?"

Helen-Anne laughed and laughed, "Now, dad, but how about over the end of
the sofa. I'm tired of ending up on the floor." 

SPLAT!, SPLAT!, SPLAT!, SPLAT!, SPLAT! scream, scream, scream, scream,
scream. OHHHHH, OHHHHH, OHHHHH.

Helen-Ann lay over the sofa recovering. Finally she got up, somewhat weak
kneed and kissed her dad again, "Oh God, dad, I've waited so long for that."

Ross smiled, "I'll start working on Rhonda tomorrow. You just might have a
step mother quite soon. Oh, if I can convince her to marry me, I'll make
sure she spanks you too."

Helen-Ann called Jenny and Roycee, telling them all about how wonderfully
everything had worked out. "I was getting ready to show off my ass to dad
when I got the idea of going a little further and not wearing any clothes
at all. This was OK in my room; after all, I'm used to being in the nude
there. I even took off my shoes and socks. When I stepped out into the
hall like that, I found my stomach was still inside the room and didn't
have any intention of coming with me." She laughed at herself. 

She continued, "I mean, this was the _HALL_. You don't show of your body
there, let alone in dad's den, where I knew he was waiting for me. I'm not
sure how I got downstairs, but I forced myself every inch. Then I must
have stood outside his door for ten minutes screwing up the courage to go
in. You should have seen his face when I did. He was at his desk reading
the paper. He did one of those double-takes like you see in slapstick
comedy and swung around. I told him I was ready for our talk, but I wanted
to show him something first. That was when I turned, bent down, spread my
legs and gave him a good look at my ass. After a little of that I said
something like 'there are six you can't see', and I separated my ass cheeks."

"Then I sat on the sofa and leaned back a bit to make my tits stick out
and spread my legs so he could see everything down front and we started to
talk. I could see his attention wandering to my tits and pussy once in
awhile. You know about the phone call and, Jenny, he spanked me fifty
times with the paddle and the hairbrush, which I understand was your
suggestion. Thanks, that was almost the high point of the evening. I guess
that was when he had me over the end of the sofa and gave me five big ones
with the paddle for using bad language. Before today, he would have ignored it." 

Eventually they were talked out and agreed to meet Tuesday at the toy
store. Roycee said, "Time to show you something about expanding you
asshole." She got the K-Y Jelly and one of the butt-plugs. "Get down on
the bed with your feet on the floor, so I can get a good shot at your
rear." She slipped on a pair of thin latex gloves. Using plenty of K-Y she
soon had one finger in Jenny's asshole. Jenny grunted, but was in no pain.
"Honey, I've got one finger buried in your poop chute. Let me wiggle it
around. Feel OK?"

Jenny nodded, "Roycee, that monster you bought must be five times the size
of your finger. Oh, what are you doing? That hurts me a little, but
nothing I can't take"

"Relax back there. That is two fingers. Let me play for awhile, then we
can stop and try for three tomorrow. I'll have that plug in you by the end
of the coming week. By the way, I will probably be gone by then, but your
'final exam' is to put it in before you leave for school, and leave it
there all day. You can take some K-Y with you in case you have to take a
shit. That way you can put it right back in." 

Roycee took the monster plug and lubed it up. She had slipped off her
shorts and panties. "Watch my asshole expand, Jen. Soon you will be able
to do the same thing. Notice that I am rotating the plug a little as I
push it in." Jenny was fascinated to see Roycee's asshole expand. It got
bigger and bigger as the plug was pushed farther in. Finally it entered
her with a plopping noise. Her asshole retracted around the small part of
the plug. "There we are, Jenny; all the way in. Roycee stood up. "I kinda
like the feel of it back there. Do you mind if I leave it in place for awhile?" 

Jenny was impressed, "Of course not Roycee. I'm not ready for it yet myself anyway,"
Jenny went to sleep about 10:30 PM. She experimented with the timed lock.
Since the next day was Sunday, she set it for 10 AM. If mom was early, it
didn't matter. She found that the chain with the locking mechanism needed
a safety pin, as she had expected, so it didn't fall on the floor. She
also found it easier to put the lock on the chain first, then slip the big
ring on her cuff into the gap and simply pull the lock closed with her one
available hand. She had already left a big note for her mom:

JENNY GETS 25 SUNDAY MORNING!

About 8 AM Sunday, Jenny did get her twenty five. It was pretty bad, but
she had expected it to be. Shit, it was _supposed_ to be. After she had
finished up caning Jenny, Ellen sat on the bed gently stroked her hair.
Finally she spoke, "Jenny, I wish I was your real mother. I wish I could
give you little brothers and sisters, but I can't, and Carl knew that and
accepted it when we married. I really love you." 

Jenny smiled, "Mom, you forgot to un clip me. If you'll do that I will hug
and kiss you. You _ARE_ a real mom to me, if not by blood. As far as the
kids are concerned, adopt, if you want. Hey, maybe you and dad want to
help. Ross Sargent is going to arrange a scholarship to Harvard for
Roycee. He said he would 'take care' of Roycee's mom and little sister,
who was an 'afterthought' and is only twelve or thirteen. Remember the big
room over the garage? With a good cleaning and some new furniture it would
make a nice apartment for two people. There is a shower there, and a small
kitchen. Who did you say lived there?"

Ellen untied Jenny and got her hug and kiss, "Your other grandfather, that
is, your dad's dad, lived there. I never knew him because he passed on
before your dad and I started to get serious. I think I can read your mind
on this. We fix the place, Roycee's mom and daughter move in, and Roycee
can go to Harvard. Let me run this by your dad, but it sounds like it
might be an ideal solution. Do you know the girl well?" 

"Mom, I haven't seen her in a year or more, but Roycee says she is a real
pain in the ass. She needs to be spanked about every other day, but
Roycee's mom has arthritis in her hands and can't do it. I know that
Roycee has whaled her ass several times since she has been visiting, and
she has improved a lot, but she will be right back where she was after
Roycee leaves. Now if _you_ were to take over her spankings, and have her
meet our friend the cane, I'll bet, between you and I, we could straighten
her out. That is a tough age, I say from my old age of almost eighteen,
but she needs parental guidance, some of which should be on her ass." 

Ellen said, "I'll speak to Carl today. I thought I had enough trouble with
one teenager, but now you want me to spank two?" 

Jenny said, "I need practice giving, so I'll be more than happy to help out."
Ellen chuckled, "The only reason you want to spank her is for practice?
You expect me to buy that?"

Jenny laughed, "OK, OK mom, so I like to spank ass. So do you. Like I
said, between the two of us, we'll keep her in line." 

That afternoon Jenny got a call from one of her girlfriends. She and two
others wanted to come over and claim their four spanks. Jenny groaned; she
could still feel the twenty five from this morning, but this whole thing
had been her fault to start with. "Sure, come over any time. My ass will be here."

Roycee was up to three fingers when one of her girlfriends opened her
door. "Whoops, excuse us. Your mom said to come up." 

Jenny laughed, "That's OK, I'm practicing to take a big butt-plug. Roycee
is up to three fingers. Sit and watch, if you like to see things shoved up
assholes. We'll finish practicing soon, and I can get my twelve." 

The girl said, "Well, it is sixteen, if you want us all. A friend dropped
by who got her's here Friday, so she came along. We are all on your list
with a star after our names."

Jenny said, with a laugh, "What's one more for brass ass? Be patient for
another ten minutes or so, we didn't really have an appointment, so I
can't say if you are early or late." 

Roycee poked her three fingers in and pulled them out, then in and out
again. No question but Jenny could take more than she could before. There
was one younger girl who seemed real interested. "Roycee, I'm into
fisting. Jenny, would you let me play a while with your hole? My nails are
cut back and sanded."

Roycee and Jenny both nodded, so Roycee pulled out and removed her glove,
tossing it in the trash. The girl put on a fresh glove, "I'm Nadine and I
love to fist and be fisted. Do you have any J-Lube? It works better than
K-Y. Ah, here it is." She lubed up Jenny and her hand, then entered with
all four fingers, but her hand was smaller than Roycee's. Her thumb was
tucked in, under her fingers. "Relax, Jenny, this is going to feel good."
She poured on more lube and worked her hand into Jenny's hole, which was
expanding beyond anything she had ever known before. "Relax and enjoy.
That's right, relax more." Suddenly the audience realized that her whole
hand was inside Jenny, who moaned in pleasure. 

Jenny almost whispered, "Oh, it feels so good. How much have I taken?"
Nadine smiled, "You have my whole hand in you, Jenny, up to my wrist,
which is as far as we want to go today. Would you like to have a cum?"

Jenny sighed, "Love it. Roycee, would you please lube up my dildo?
Actually, it won't need much lube. I'm wet as hell down there." Nadine
took the dildo from Roycee and gently started it into Jenny's pussy. Jenny
was panting by now. "Deeper, all the way. Oh, that feels good. I want to have a cum."

Roycee took the cane and gave Jenny a fairly weak stroke. Jenny panted,
"Harder, harder." Roycee gave her another, but still not a real stinger.
Then she gave her one that was close to a screamer. 

Jenny shook as she had her cum, and fainted. Roycee said, "That was a good
cum, from the looks of it."

Nadine smiled happily, "I guarantee it; I could feel her contractions on
my hand. I know we didn't come here for this, but would you like to see me
take Roycee's fist? Maybe somebody could help me have a cum. I'm hot as
hell after experiencing Jenny's cum second hand." 

They all were in favor, so Nadine stripped off her jeans, panties and T
shirt, leaving her nude. Jenny was recovering, so she made room on the
bed. She kissed Nadine on the mouth and got a good one back. Roycee put on
a fresh glove, lubed her hand and Nadine's hole. Zip! Her hand went up
Nadine like it was made for it. It was obvious that Nadine had ample
experience both giving and taking. Nadine moaned in pleasure. Jenny got
her nipple clips and put them on Nadine, who stuck out her chest for them.
Nadine had small breasts, but the nipples were well developed. Jenny put
her hand on Nadine's pussy and entered with a finger. It was Nadine's turn
to moan and pant. Jenny went to two fingers and quickly her whole hand. If
Nadine was that well trained in the back hole, she was probably as well
trained in front. One of the girls gave Nadine a mild spank. 

Between pants and groans Nadine said, "Spank me harder. Yes, yes. Again."
She screamed and had a nice cum, with Roycee's hand inside her up to
almost the elbow, and Jenny's whole fist in her pussy. It was her turn to faint.

In a few minutes Nadine recovered, "Oh, that was the best cum I've ever
had." She embraced Jenny and the two exchanged intimate kisses. She hugged Roycee.

Jenny spoke up, "Time to bust my ass. Who wants to go first?" 
Nadine spoke up, "I'm the fourth member of the crew. I'd love to come
later in the week, er, change my wording to 'return' later." She laughed.
"I can see that your ass has had a treatment today already. Just let the
three original girls spank you and that should be more than enough for today."

Jenny smiled, "Nadine, after what I experienced with you today, I really
want you to spank me. Would one of you see if mom is ready to do her job
as referee, while I get tied up?"

Ellen arrived and made sure the girls did an adequate job on Jenny. Most
of the girls spanked her hard enough, but one was weak and mom had to give
her some training. Nadine was last. She said, "Do you want them good and
hard, the way I like them Jenny?" Jenny grunted and nodded. She got four
screamers almost as bad as Roycee's treatments. 

Jenny spoke through her tears, "Mom, would you like a demo of fisting?
Nadine is very experienced and already made it up my chute." 

Ellen said, "Sure honey. I always thought it was a fantasy until Roycee
insisted it was for real."

Nadine put on a fresh glove and got the lube. Ellen was amazed at how
Jenny's hole relaxed and accepted Nadine's hand. "I have to admit that it
isn't a fantasy when I've seen it myself. How far up can you go, Nadine?"

Nadine answered, "Jenny only had a full fist just once before and that was
earlier today. I can go a long way up her, but she needs more experience.
She has invited me back, which I hope is OK with you mam. We will both be
playing and it will be with both holes in both of us. I might as well be
honest with you."

Ellen smiled, "You are most welcome, Nadine. If Jenny wants a bi-sexual
experience, that is her business. I was bi-sexual in college and can
appreciate the fact that one girl certainly knows how to pleasure another.
How does it feel to have all that up your rear, Jenny?" 

Jenny smiled, "Unbelievably nice mom. Earlier Nadine stuffed my pussy with
my dildo while she had her hand inside my rear. Then Roycee gave me a slap
with the cane. On the third one, I had one of the best cums I've ever experienced."

Ellen nodded, "Pain and pleasure can be two sides of the came coin."
Monday at school the spanking talk was mostly about the 'terrible' razor
strop. Most of the girls that had gotten it were using pillows and wearing
loose skirts. A number showed off their asses, which were still swollen.
Jenny talked to Miss Hunt to see when a good time for a visit from Roycee
might be. She suggested right after school, so Jenny called Roycee. Miss
Hunt also called the office so the bus driver would not expect to see her after school.

Jenny was in the lot when Roycee putted in with her VW. Soon they were in
the gym talking about old times. Finally Miss Hunt said, "Roycee, would
you like to try the pool, where you trained for so many years." 

Roycee said, "Sure, but I didn't bring a suit, do you allow skinny dipping
now? That's how we all swim at the YWCA, and I like it." 

Miss Hunt smiled, "That came up about a month ago in my Junior class. One
of the girls wasn't rinsing her suit well enough and it eventually almost
fell apart. You could see one of her breasts where the suit tore. I did
some research, finally calling the office. It turns out there really is no
rule requiring a suit. When I told her that, she took the thing off and
dived in nude. Of course the rest of the girls noticed, and soon they all
were nude. Ever since, that entire class has been swimming nude. Then some
other Junior classes heard about it and now they are swimming nude. I
expect it to spread to the Senior classes, and down to Freshman and
Sophomores. Oh, ho! Jenny, I can see that gleam in your eye. Why do I
think you are nonchalantly going to leave your suit in the locker room, next Thursday?"

"Actually, Miss Hunt, I thought I would take it home and leave it there."
Jenny laughed, "I'll join Roycee in the bare today, if you don't mind."
Miss Hunt said, "Hey, I'll join you. I love to skinny dip myself." 
Soon the three were enjoying the pool, without being encumbered with
suits. Eventually they came out of the pool and dried off. Jenny notice
that Miss Hunt had a nice figure, with ample breasts and a flat tummy. Her
ass was what Jenny would call 'very spankable'. Normally she hid her
figure in loose fitting clothes, suitable for her job. 

The new bed arrived Monday, so Ellen, Roycee and Jenny set it up. Roycee
had an electric drill belonging to Jenny's dad. She had already made a
sketch of Jenny on the old bed, so cutting four holes in the new frame was
a snap. The chain was the kind that can be opened up with a pair of
pliers, and the end inserted into the frame hole and then re-closed with the pliers.

The new bed was longer as well as a good deal wider. There was surplus
chain left from the piece Jenny and Ellen had bought, so it was easy to
extend the chain somewhat to accommodate the increase in length. Soon
Jenny was tied down to the new bed, next to one side, allowing plenty of
room for her almost-lover. Ellen doubted that Jenny and Derek would use
the cuffs much when he was visiting over night. She figured they wouldn't
get much sleep, but they would be all over each other when they did. Jenny
announced that, although the bed was more comfortable, the restraints felt
just the same.

Three girls called early in the evening, wanting to collect their four
lashes from Jenny. Jenny figured she 'only' had twenty one more, which was
eighty four lashes; ouch. One was wimpy, but improved rapidly with help from mom.

Later they were talking in the kitchen. Ellen started off, "Roycee, would
your mom move to the apartment over the garage, with your sister, of
course? We all want you to go to Harvard, but we don't want you to worry
about your family back here."

Roycee smiled, "Jenny mentioned that you might make the offer. Mom gets
some help from Social Security, until Dox is eighteen. She still works
some, despite the arthritis, so they can survive, if they had a free place
to stay. I'll put it to her this way; does she want to prevent me from
accepting a scholarship? I know Ross said he would care for them, but I
think he means money, and mom is still a proud woman. Besides, if they
were here, I'd know there was someone near to watch them. The big problem
is Dox. She is almost completely out of control. She needs regular
spankings. Right now I've got her partially under control, and she has a
very sore ass, but scholarship or not, I've got to leave the end of this
week. I left in the first place because the job I was applying for paid
better than anything here, once I got through school." 

Jenny interrupted, "Didn't tell us that you were the only woman, but were
head of your class."

Roycee scowled at Jenny, "Big Mouth, you need a spanking. Anyway, mom
already has furniture. She rents that hole-in-the-wall bare. Jen and I
looked over the apartment, and all it needs is a thorough cleaning and
some inside paint. We figured to start tomorrow, if you give the go-ahead.
I've still got friends in town, and I can get mom moved free, plus getting
help with the cleaning and painting. We'll have some furniture left over,
which we can get rid of with a yard sale, or store it." 

"And I-I want to thank you all." Roycee was crying. Jenny hugged her.
Helen-Ann was about ready to go to bed. It was about 9:30 PM. She was
planning to read a bit before sleeping. She was thinking about the trip to
the Leather Shop tomorrow. Suddenly there was a knock on her door. She
went to the door and found a grinning dad, dressed only in a robe. "It
worked, honey. Would you please come to the den and meet you future step
mother. Don't dress, a robe is fine, or maybe you would prefer the clothes
you didn't have on Saturday night."

She laughed. It was too early to start shocking Rhonda, so she belted on a robe.





JENNY 09

They were in the den, and Rhonda only had on a robe too. It was quite
obvious that they had come from bed. Her hair was tousled and she had that
'well fucked' look. Rhonda got up and Helen-Ann gave her a hug. "What took you two so long?"
Rhonda sat down again, rather gingerly, "Well, Ross has been asking me to
marry him for over a year, but he never tried a paddle and a hairbrush before."

Ross laughed, "I gave her fifty with the paddle, like you suggested, but
she was still saying no. I had to do something, so I started to use the
hairbrush. I don't recall the exact count, but I think it was at about
twenty five into the second spanking that she finally said 'yes', but I
gave her the fifty anyway."

Rhonda smiled and said, "I'd already given up and he still kept spanking
me, the beast." She squeezed his hand. 

Ross said, "I remember Helen-Ann telling me that she expected to get
exactly what she was supposed to, no matter what she said during the
spanking, so I guess I was thinking of that. I kept spanking, she would
scream 'yes' and get another."

Helen-Ann smiled, "Did she fuck your ass off, like I predicted?" 
Ross laughed, "She sure did, and would you like it now?" 
Helen-Ann laughed, "Love it. Where is the paddle?" 
"I'll get it while you explain to Rhonda." 

Rhonda said, "Is he really going to spank you for using that word? I
really _did_ fuck his ass off. The spanking made me hot as hell." 
Helen-Ann took off her robe and pajamas, leaving her nude except for her
slippers, which she stepped out of. She leaned down and grabbed her
ankles. "Sure it did; it was supposed to. You'll see very soon what I get, mom."

Rhonda smiled, "I'm only ten years older than you are. It's going to be
hard to think of you as a daughter." 

"I'll settle for an older sister, but we can work that out. You finally
said 'yes' and that was the big hurdle. Anything else we can negotiate.
Oh, oh, here is dad."

Ross hit Helen-Ann a real screamer across her ass. Helen-Ann answered with
a long screech and fell on the floor. She just lay there recovering.

Rhonda was concerned, "That was awfully hard Ross, is she OK?" 
He smiled, "Of course she is darling. She actually _likes_ to get spanked like that."

As if to prove the point, Helen-Ann got up and hugged her dad. "Thank you
dad. That was a nice one, but we are going to have to teach mom how to
spank me. When is the wedding?"

Rhonda spoke, "Just as soon as we can get a license. Neither of us want a
big affair, so a simple ceremony with a justice-of-the-peace will be just
fine. Will you mind that, dear?"

Helen-Ann shook her head, "No, I don't care, mom, I'm just anxious for us
to be a real family. Oh, you know Roycee helped me a lot with my first
spankings, besides being one of the nicest persons I know. She has to go
back to work this weekend. I certainly don't want to rush you, but were
you planning the wedding for this week?" 

Rhonda looked at Ross. He looked back and said, "Why not? We get the blood
tests tomorrow. I can pull a few strings and we can probably get married
by Thursday; Friday at the latest. Roycee certainly was a big help getting
me to understand you, Helen-Ann, so I'd like her to come too. Besides, I'm
her scholarship sponsor at Harvard. I made the calls yesterday, by the
way. We FAX'ed her records to my contact and I expect to hear back by the
end of the week. There is really no question about her being accepted for
the fall term, but if things are speeded up a bit she can take classes
this summer. I happen to be an alumnus, plus a fairly large contributor.
Her request will definitely _not_ go through normal channels, which might take a year."

Helen-Ann smiled, "Fine dad. May I invite Ellen, Carl and Jenny? Oh, and
perhaps a few friends, but I won't make a big deal of it. After all, it's
just a matter of me getting a mom after eighteen years." 

Rhonda looked at Ross with a question on her face. She knew he had been
divorced for about fifteen years, but Helen-Ann was only eighteen now.
Ross explained, "My first wife never wanted children. She got pregnant by
accident and I had to bribe her not to have an abortion. She never even
cared for the baby. We had nurses do that. I can understand how Helen-Ann
can feel that she never had a real mother before." 

Rhonda went to Helen-Ann and embraced her, "It is kinda late, but you've
got one now, or will have officially by the end of the week." She laughed,
"I feel sort-of funny holding a nude girl, but I guess I will get used to it."

Helen-Ann laughed, "Dad had never seen me nude before last Saturday; not
even when I was a baby. After being nude with dad all Saturday evening I'm
getting used to it, but it isn't like I run around the house like this. I
guess I am a nudist. I go skinny dipping a lot at the river, and sometimes
there are fifty boys and girls there. Then there is Lawrence Lodge. They
have a place on the river further out of town. I'm friends with a girl at
school and her whole family are members, so she invited me to go with her
when I was twelve or so. I've been going ever since and now that I'm
eighteen, I have my own membership. Remember the times I have been camping
with the Campbell family? The one thing you didn't know about the place
was that we don't wear clothes. I'll take you and mom there later. Since
I'm now a member I can have guests myself." 

Ross looked at Rhonda, "Do you think we could join our daughter in the nude?"
Helen-Ann laughed, "You have seen me nude dad, so really it's only fair
that I see you. I bet you are still in good shape." 

Rhonda laughed, "He sure is!"

Helen-Ann laughed again, "I think you two want to get back to bed and have
at least one more good fuck tonight, and mark it in your book dad and
spank me later, I'm outa here so you can have some privacy." She scooped
up her clothes and left, still in the nude. 

She met Betsy in the hall, "They're getting married later this week, and
you are invited. Just a small group of friends in an office." 

Betsy smiled, "That's wonderful. Rhonda has always been nice to me. She
doesn't make me feel like a servant." 

Helen-Ann kissed Betsy, "You'll never be a servant to us Betsy. Good night
dear, I'm going to crash."

Betsy remarked, "I see you aren't wearing clothes again....." 
Helen-Ann turned and bent down, "I used the 'F' word again. Is my ass red?"
Betsy laughed, "It sure is. Good night honey." 

During the remainder of the week girls kept calling Jenny to collect their
four spanks. First is was four girls, so Jenny got sixteen spanks, then
five, which was technically more than she had agreed on, but she wanted to
get it all over, so she took twenty from that group. Another group of five
showed up, so she got another twenty. By the week's end she still had ten
girl and forty spanks to go. No question but the whole thing had gotten
out of control. She wanted Derek in the worst way, but she was going to
let him give her twenty five, and her poor ass had some limits. 

The trip to the Leather Shop on Tuesday went well. Ross had a chance to
meet Jenny and Roycee personally. Rhonda came too, and was embarrassed at
first. Her bringing up had not included Leather Shops. They bought a cane
like Jenny's, a whip with nine tails and a wide strap. They also got four
restraints, like Jenny used, and the timer so she could finish the bondage by herself.

Roycee, Jenny and Helen-Ann installed the restraints on Helen-Ann's bed,
so they were comfortable for Helen-Ann. Somewhat to her surprise, she had
no trouble sleeping Tuesday night, but experienced two hearty lashes from
the cane at 7 AM the next morning. Dad kissed her, pushed the red button
on the timer and left.

Thursday was interesting for the gym class. Jenny had brought her suit
home, so she simply stripped in the locker room and started for the door.
Somebody yelled at her, "Where's your suit, Jenny?" 

She answered back, "At home." She continued on and dove into the pool.
Miss Hunt noticed, smiled and said nothing. She had expected Jenny to be nude today.

About half way through the class a brave girl asked Miss Hunt, "Er, Miss
Hunt, are swim suits required for this class?" 

Miss Hunt chuckled, "No, and as you may have observed, Jenny was the first
one to take advantage of that fact." 

The same girl got braver and said, "May the rest of us take advantage of that too?"
Miss Hunt answered, "Why, of course. You may wait for the next class or
simply remove them now."

It only took seconds for there to be a pool full of skinny-dippers. 
Ross certainly had connections, since the wedding was on Thursday. They
were a bit surprised at the number of those attending, but Ross and his
company were well known. Ellen, Carl and Jenny were there, as well as
Roycee, Dox and their mother. Betsy stood with Helen-Ann, who had invited
some of her close friends too. It was a short ceremony, but it was plain
that the bride and groom were radiant. Afterwards, all were invited to a
party at a local hotel. Fortunately, there was an open private dining
room, since Ross had not anticipated the large crowd. 

There were several short speeches. Helen-Ann made one of the shortest,
"I've been waiting eighteen years for you, mom." She embraced Rhonda and sat down.
They moved Roycee's mom and younger daughter into the re-furbished
apartment on Friday. They got another set of restraints and a cane for
Dox, despite her protests. Jenny's old bed was the same size as the one
Dox had, so they gave it to her, complete with chain to hold the cuffs. 

Roycee made it very plain that both Ellen and Jenny had the right to give
her a spanking any time they wanted, especially if Dox's mom asked them
to. They tied her in Friday night and woke her with twenty five lashes of
the cane Saturday morning. This seemed to impress her, particularly when
Jenny told her that was the 'standard' spanking she herself took, and for
a more severe punishment it might be repeated twice a day, and for a week or a month.

Jenny finally resorted to calling some of the girls on her list. She still
owed ten girls four spanks each, and she wanted to pay her debt. She
didn't tell them that she was going out of her mind waiting to get fucked
for the first time by Derek, and this was dependent on her taking twenty
five from him. Finally two girls showed up, then four and finally the last four.

Roycee had been working on Jenny's asshole, which was capable of expanding
more with every lesson. Toward the middle of Roycee's last week of
vacation, she estimated Jenny was ready for the monster. Jill was way
behind Jenny because her rear was so sore at first that she couldn't
practice, and besides, she couldn't be at Jenny's place all the time.
Jenny started to work with her, and was sure that, with what she had
learned from Roycee, she would be able to get Jill's rear in shape. Nadine
dropped over a few times and helped also. Because Nadine had such a small
hand, she had been able to get further up inside Jenny than Roycee,
although both girls assured Jenny that she was doing very well and would
be able to take Roycee's arm with more practice.

Came time for the big experiment and plop! In it went. There was still a
little pain when the largest diameter expanded her, but she had done it!
Jenny was glad she had finally made it. There was no question that Derek
would find her rear as easy to enter as her front, which got worked on
quite often by the dildo.

Jenny still had to have her 'final exam', where she was going to try to
insert the plug in the morning and not remove it all day. Just to make it
more difficult, she was going to do it on a school day. She was wearing
the monster for several hours at a time, and was sure that soon she would
be ready to try it all day. She still found it difficult to insert when
she was alone, and generally Roycee or Ellen put it in for her. This
wasn't a matter of any pain, just her inability to see what was happening back there.

Saturday morning Roycee helped to put it in and she was wearing it at
breakfast. Ellen spoke to Carl, "Dear, you know that monstrous object we
showed you last week?"

Carl was a bit confused at first, "What monstrous object? Your credit card
bill?" He sounded like a typical husband, but since her billable hours
sometimes exceeded his, it was clearly a family joke. 

"No dear, the object designed to penetrate the rectal sphincter; the one
you predicted would never be used." 

Carl thought for a moment, "Oh, you can talk plainer than that, honey. You
mean that big butt-plug."

"Certainly dear, however, we haven't all finished breakfast yet, and I was
attempting to be circumspect." 

"You? Generally you are as circumspect as some of the popular Rap bands,
however, there is apparently some information you are attempting to
convey, so what is it?"

"Where do you think it is, right this moment." 
Carl looked at Ellen, then at Jenny, "I don't believe it. Jenny, are you
telling me you are actually, er, wearing it, if that is the correct term?"

Jenny laughed, "Dad, Roycee was able to penetrate my rectal sphincter with
it several days ago. Right now I am in the first hour of a four hour test."

"Ahh, doesn't it bother you?"

"Not really, dad. It's all a matter of getting used to it. Roycee and
Nadine have been working with me every day this week." 
"I still don't believe my little girl could get something that big inside her."
All the girls laughed. Jenny said, "Are you going to be here in about three hours?"
"Er, yes, but why do I think I should be on the other side of town?"

Jenny laughed, "For this test, it comes out at about that time. I'll come
get you and you can actually see it. Just for show purposes Ellen will put
on more lube and re-insert it. You can do it yourself, if you want to."

"And I suppose this is a challenge?

"Sure dad. You said it was too big, and with a lot of help I have proved
you wrong."

"OK, I accept, or I would never hear the last of it." 

After breakfast Roycee started packing. She was due back by Monday and
wanted to get started by about noon Saturday. Her old Beetle wouldn't even
cruise at some of the new speed limits, and she said she followed the
loaded eighteen wheelers up the hills in the right lane. 

It was a somewhat tearful parting. Ross already had unofficial
notification that Roycee would be going to Harvard, which wasn't exactly a
few miles off, so it was a good question when Roycee would be back. She
would be taking summer classes too, so she could shorten the length of
time to get the MBA. She finally putted out at a little past noon. Ross,
Rhonda and Helen-Ann were there to see her off. 

About 1 PM Jenny found dad reading the paper, "Time for the big show.
Jenny takes huge butt-plug up her butt." 

Dad shook his head, "That sounds more like you two. Where is the show.?"
"In my room. Hey, you've never seen me get it with the cane, have you?"
"My dear young lady, you know very well that I haven't. I suppose you are
going to challenge me to see your mom give it to you?" 

"Yeah, but a couple is enough for a demo. You are obviously going to see
my ass anyway, so you might as well see a couple of spanks, too. You
haven't seen me in the buff since I was what? Five or so?" 

Her dad thought about it, "I really can't recall, honey, but you were
pretty young. Why do I get the impression that I am going to, in the near future?"

Jenny pulled him out of his chair, "Come on dad, the big show is about
ready to begin."

They marched upstairs to Jenny's room. Ellen joined them, "Does the old
fart get a view of all of you? That is likely to make him hot." 

Jenny started to undress and laughed, "Sure, he signed up for the whole
show, or was it the hole show? Anyway, that includes a good look at Jenny
in the nude. I'm sure you can take care of him later, in that department."

Soon she was in the buff, "You will observe, dad, that I have a fairly
nice pair of boobs." She put her hands under her breasts and pushed them
up. She pinched her tits until the nipples stuck out, "Tits aren't too bad
either. Shaved pussy, but you've seen mom's lately. Now for the asshole.
It turns out there is a quite large hole back there, but most of us never
attempt to expand it. With the help of Roycee mainly, I have been able to
train my hole so it will take larger objects. I'll lean down on the bed
and hold my cheeks apart while mom removes the plug that has been there
for a bit over four hours."

She did so, and Ellen pulled on the outer part of the plug. Jenny grunted
a few times but soon the plug was out with the usual plopping noise. Ellen
explained, "Jenny took an enema this morning, but the plug still tends to
get soiled." She took it to the bathroom and cleaned it off. "Now I'll
lube it up again and put it back to show how easy it goes in. There is
still just a little pain at the maximum distention, but that will go away
with more practicing. Nadine has a small hand, but she has gotten her hand
and at least half her arm up there. I've seen it myself, and it's really
amazing what will go up there. Of course it takes practice, and the wrong
move when Nadine is way up there and Jenny would need a trip to the emergency room."

Jenny replied, "Nadine is very gentle, plus very caring. It's a little
like crossing traffic where there is no light. It is safe if you are
always very careful. Nadine is training me and I already have been able to
get my entire hand inside her. Jill is coming along, but her mom would
have a cow if she knew what we are doing, so she has no help at home. Just
the opposite. I'd like to thank both of you for not giving me a hard time." 

Ellen was ready with the plug and with only a grunt or two at the maximum
distention it was back in. Ellen removed it once more and slowly
re-inserted it, stopping where it was biggest. "It's right here that Jenny
is still experiencing a little pain, so it is good for practice to leave
it here for a few moments. Try and relax honey." Dad looked at the size of
the opening and shook his head. When they came back from the store with
the monster, he wouldn't have bet a thin dime that Jenny could take it,
but there it was.

Dad said, "I'm not sure you can make a living like this, but I give you
credit for all your practice. What does it feel like with all that inside
you, or your girlfriend's arm, for that matter." 

Jenny answered, "I like it, particularly her arm. It makes me very aroused
and we have wonderful sex afterwards." 

Dad shook his head, "Dear, I just hope you won't turn into a lesbian."
Jenny shook her head, "Oh no dad. You and mom have already discussed
Derek, and I want him in the worst way. I am bi-sexual and can enjoy sex
with both sexes. I can't imagine having a long term relation with a girl
only. Don't worry about me dad."

Ellen figured Jenny's hole had been held open long enough, so she allowed
the plug to be slowly retracted. There wasn't even a noise as it slowly
came out. She cleaned Jenny's rear and took the plug into the bathroom.
"Get into your cuffs, you naughty girl." 

Quickly Jenny fastened the four restraints on her wrists and ankles. She
nimbly fastened three of the four cuffs, then did her last one with the
timed lock. "Dad, this gizmo allows me to finish the bondage alone. At
first mom was doing it, but that meant extra work for her and that we had
to agree on a time. She wakes me up on time with the cane, but I can lock
myself in any time of night I am ready." 

She continued, "Just in case, we put a pad on the bed and I wear an adult
diaper, except it isn't fastened on me. If I ever have to go in the night,
then I won't mess the bed. It hasn't happened yet, but it is bound to
eventually, I guess. Several times a year I wake up and have to go,
particularly poo-poo. Mom and I are going to have a mess in the morning,
but it won't stain the bed. OK for the demo, mom?" 

Ellen took the cane in her hand, "This is how I wake her up, or punish
her. She gets twenty five for a minor offense, and the same, but repeated
as much as twice a day, for a period in keeping with the offense. We don't
have a list of offenses, and so far we haven't needed them. You can let
the whip bounce off her ass a few times, to get the feel of it. Then you
give it to her."

BAM! scream.

Ellen continued, "If she doesn't scream, it really wasn't an adequate
stroke. Look at the mark on her ass." 

BAM! scream.

Ellen pointed out another mark, "A good one always leaves a mark. Later,
that will swell up and be painful for over a day." 

"Now you try it, dear."
BAM! not even a grunt. "Harder, dad. This is supposed to be punishment."
BAM! grunt. "A little better, dad."
BAM! scream. "OHHH, that was OK, dad. Try again." 
BAM! scream. "Good, dad. How many do you want to give me, I'll take
anything up to twenty five, right mom?"

"Honey, you still have quite a few to take from those girls." 
"No mom, I finally paid them all off. Look, this is my very first spanking
from dad. Ten?"

"OK, honey, it's your ass. Give her ten good ones, Carl." 
BAM! scream.
BAM! scream.

Jenny got her ten, not counting the demos and practice. Carl said, "My
God, twenty five must leave her ass a mess." 

Ellen pushed the button, allowing Jenny to release herself. She bounced
off the bed and kissed dad. "Thank you for my first spanking from you.
Don't worry about me taking twenty five when I have to. It hurts like
hell, and it hurts for a couple of days, but it certainly reminds me of
something I'm not supposed to do, and that is the whole object of the
spanking in the first place."

By the end of the next week Jenny's ass was completely recovered. She just
couldn't wait any longer for Derek. "Mom, may I please have Derek spank me
Saturday night? My ass is in good shape and I want him so much it hurts elsewhere."

Ellen smiled, "OK honey, but I want to see him give you all twenty five."
"You don't trust us to do what we said?" 

Ellen laughed, "It's not that dear, I just like to see you spanked. I'd
rather do it myself, but I think seeing your almost-lover do it to you is
going to be next best. Remember, I know that you two will be fucking
within about two seconds of the time the door closes." 

"OK mom, but I doubt if we will be quite that fast. He still has to get
his clothes off and a condom on. Besides, he loves to play with my tits and my pussy."

"Once he knows he can get into you, I'll give him no more than three
seconds. Does he know?"

"No mom, you made me promise I would let you surprise him with the box of
condoms and your speech."

It seemed to Jenny that Saturday would never come, but after supper, there
was Derek. She introduced him to mom and dad. He was a good looking boy,
although he appeared to be of the scholarly type. Just right for Jenny,
but not what her parents expected. He even looked the part of an
engineering student. He was well spoken, and very polite. 

Finally Ellen invited Jenny and Derek to Jenny's room, for a
'demonstration'. Jenny had her clothes off and was tied to the bed before
Ellen said anything. "Derek, she gets twenty five lashes when she is
naughty, and if she hasn't been naughty yet, I'm sure you two will take
care of that soon. Now I am going to act as referee and see that she gets
twenty five good ones. After I leave you can be naughty. Oh, I know
something we forgot, her nipple clips." Ellen went to the bureau and got
them. She got an 'ouch' from Jenny as she put on each one. "You can pull
on them from time to time. They get tighter when pulled. OK, two from me for a demo."

BAM! scream. "Notice she screams if the spank was hard enough." 
BAM! scream. "She is starting to cry. That's normal. Expect more" She gave
the cane to Derek. "Try just getting used to the cane. Let it tap her ass,
not enough to really hurt. When you are ready, really give it to her."

Derek played with the cane, then:
BAM! scream. "Very good. Another."
BAM! scream.
BAM! scream.

Derek did very well and soon he had Jenny reduced to a crying, screaming
little girl. She got twenty five _very_ good ones. 





JENNY 10

Ellen said, "You did very well. Now I'm going to go and leave you two to
be naughty. Here is a little present, a dozen condoms. You don't have to
use them all tonight. This big bed was bought just for you, so you two
enjoy. Wake up any time you want, and do whatever you want when you do,
which will probably be more fucking. Try to get at least a _few_ hours
sleep." She left.

Derek was taken completely by surprise. "She actually invited us to make
love, and I can stay all night."

Jenny was hot as hell. "Pull my nipple clips, sweetheart. OHH, harder,
OHHHHH. Get your clothes off, put on one of the presents mom gave you and
get into me doggie style. My pussy is dripping." 

Derek followed instructions. Soon he entered her from the back. He gave
her nipple clips two firm pulls. "Oh, darling, being inside is so much
nicer than hand play, but I don't think I'm going to last long." 

Jenny was moving her ass, as much as she could with the cuffs on, "Honey,
how do you think I feel? All the way in darling. Pull on my tits. OHH,
darling, pull harder, push harder, OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" She had her cum
and Derek joined her. He was a bit concerned that she had fainted, but he
had heard that could happen, although rarely during the first time. He
rightly figured it was the spanking, the tit clips and his efforts. 

He went in the bathroom and removed the condom. He was unsure what to do
with it, so he flushed it down the toilet. He cleaned himself and went
back to Jenny. He untied her and lay on the bed with her held in his arms.
He kissed her gently and pulled a quilt over the two of them. She made
little moaning sounds and eventually woke up. She smiled at him, "That was
a keeper, sweetheart. Have I told you how much I love you lately?" 

Rhonda and Helen-Ann were waiting for Ross to get home from a board
meeting. They had a good board of directors, with years of personal
experience in industry, but a few of them loved to give lengthy
dissertations and the meetings tended to run late. Ross, as he had
promised, had cut back a lot on his activities and delegated work to
others. None-the-less he was occasionally late, especially if a board
meeting was scheduled.

Helen-Ann spoke, "We paid a small fortune for that whip, and nobody has used it on me."
Rhonda responded, "I'd volunteer, but I don't know how to use one myself,
and I'm sure your dad doesn't either." 

Helen-Ann laughed, "With Roycee gone, I'm not sure there are any but
private individuals who do, and I don't know any. Look, my day was sort of
so-so and I was thinking about maybe asking for a spanking anyway. Would
you be willing to try it on me?"

Rhonda hesitated, "If you really want me to, I suppose I can try it. 
Should we go to your room?"

Helen-Ann shook her head, "From what the girl in the Leather Shop told me,
a whip like that is best used with the rear over a curved object, like the
arm of an overstuffed chair, or a sofa, like we are sitting on. Come to
think of it, dad gave me a few with the paddle over the end of this very
same sofa, and they were pretty good ones, so let's try it. I'll get the whip."

Helen-Ann went to her room and stripped, returning to the den with the
whip. "Thought I might as well dress in a manner appropriate to the
occasion." She laughed. "I brought the cuffs and two releases. I won't be
tied down, but at least my hands and legs will be tied." Soon she was in
semi-bondage with her ass over the end of the sofa. "Fire away. Oh, try
whipping a pillow a few times to get the aim." 

Rhonda tried the whip on a pillow a few times, then brought it across Helen-Ann's ass.
SPLAT! ouch. "That wasn't bad for a beginner, try some more." 
SPLAT! ouch. "Harder, mom."
SPLAT! scream. "Better. Keep going."
SPLAT! scream.

Rhonda continued until Helen-Ann had taken ten. "Is that enough, dear?"
Helen-Ann shook her head, "No mom. Please give me another ten, but hard,
like you did the last few.

SPLAT! scream.
SPLAT! scream.

Helen-Ann got her twenty, and was crying when Rhonda finished. 
"How does that compare with the cane, honey?" 

"Mom, it is entirely different, like the paddle and hairbrush are
different. The whip is a lot of 'thud', with some 'sting', but the cane is almost all 'sting'."
She laughed, "Take off your clothes and I'll _SHOW_ you what the whip feels like!"
Rhonda had been thinking that she hadn't been spanked enough lately, so she started to strip.

"Mom, I was kidding!"
Rhonda was nude, "I'm not. Help with these cuffs, honey." 
Soon Rhonda was over the end of the sofa. 
SPLAT! scream. "How was that, mom?"
SPLAT! scream. "O-ouch, J-just f-fine."
SPLAT! scream.

Rhonda got ten, "Do you want twenty, mom?" 
Rhonda was crying too hard to talk, but she nodded. 
SPLAT! scream.
SPLAT! scream.

Ross arrived home when Rhonda had taken seventeen, "Hi dad. She has only three to go."
SPLAT! scream.
SPLAT! scream.
SPLAT! scream.

"You did very well mom. Dad, she gave me twenty and I challenged her, so
she got twenty too. Help her to the bedroom and I'll tell Betsy to hold
supper a bit longer. I'll give you two an hour to fuck and get to the table, OK?"

Ross kissed his nude wife, who was still a bit weak kneed. "OK, but that
is about four I owe you. Not now, we've more important business." They
headed for their bedroom, hand-in-hand. Rhonda even forgot to pick up her
clothes. She had something more important on her mind. 

Ross hadn't forgotten the razor strop. He asked the head of the
secretarial pool to see him in his office, "Kelsey, I'll be perfectly
frank with you. My daughter has revealed that she needs to be spanked
fairly frequently. We were able to purchase most of the, er, paraphernalia
at a local store, but she was spanked with a razor strop once by the
grandfather of a school friend. Those strops are not available any more,
except perhaps in Antique stores. Now, I'd like you to assign one of your
girls to find one or more, when her work load is slack." 

Kelsey chuckled, "I know just the girl. Let me speak to her and if she is
agreeable, I'll send her in. About once a week she shows up sitting on a
pillow, and I think I know why."

Ross laughed, "She sounds ideal for the job. Send her in, if she is willing."
Soon a pretty little blond was shown in, "How do you do, Mr. Ross, I'm Laura Snyder."
Ross got up and shook hands with the girl. He had seen her around the
office for a year or more, but had never spoken to her, "Laura, Kelsey has
outlined the, er, special assignment I need performed?" 

Laura answered, "Nothing more than you are looking for a razor strop. I am
familiar with the term, but I have never seen one except perhaps in old
movies, where someone is being shaved. The barber goes through some ritual
of 'stropping' the razor in order to sharpen it." 

Ross replied, "You have heard that they were, and still are, used for corporal punishment?"
Laura nodded, "I would think they are in rather short supply by now. I
doubt that Kelsey picked me out of a secretarial pool of some twenty five
girls purely at random, sir. Apparently she is aware that I am 'kinky' and
into spankings, yet I have never seen an actual strop. Also, I am curious who told her."

Ross considered this, "Is 'kinky' the general term for a person who likes
to be spanked? Oh, no one told her anything, to my knowledge. She is
observant and noticed you using a pillow in your chair about once each
week. I suppose an obvious conclusion might be that your bottom was tender."

Laura smiled, "Sometimes 'tender' would be an understatement! To answer
your question, let me get to your computer for a moment." She walked to
the PC and typed in 'kinky', then called up the on-line dictionary. She
quoted part of the definition, "The dictionary says 'Unconventional Sexual
Preferences', as well as some other definitions not applicable to our
discussion. There are many women who are turned on by being spanked, even
if the spanking is non-consensual. Some of us admit this and some don't. I
don't advertise the fact, but certainly won't deny it if asked." 

Ross laughed, "Then I have a daughter who is kinky as hell, and a wife who
is not too far behind."

Laura laughed too, "How lucky they are, and how fortunate you are. I
assume you get to spank them?"

Ross said, "I sure do, although some times they trade spankings. I find it
a turn-on myself, so I guess I must be 'kinky' as well. Why do you call them lucky?"
Laura answered, "I call them lucky since they have an additional sexual
outlet, and you fortunate since I assume you are the beneficiary of your wife's arousal."

Ross nodded, "I had asked her to marry me about twenty times. My daughter
had just revealed her desire to be spanked and suggested I spank Rhonda
until she said 'yes'. I started with the paddle and after every spank I
asked her to marry me. She continued to say 'no'. I switched to the
hairbrush and at about twenty five or so there was a long delay and she
said 'yes'. I kept spanking and asking and she kept saying 'yes', except
there was no long delay. When she had her fifty I stopped and she damned
near ripped our clothes off. The sex was magnificent. Afterwards, we lay
together and I asked her one last time and she said 'yes'" 

Laura smiled, "To a kinky person, at least, that is a very romantic story.
I hope you don't neglect her bottom since your marriage?" 

Ross considered this, "I think I have. I came home the other night to find
my daughter had been consensually spanked twenty times with a new whip
that we hadn't tried out. By the time I got there my daughter was whipping
my wife, at her request. They were both nude, in my study. My daughter
essentially told me to take Rhonda to the bedroom. Again, the sex was
magnificent, not that my wife is not very adequate in bed as it is." 

Laura finished his thought, "But she is even better when aroused by a
spanking. I'm that way too. Sir, it would be my pleasure to attempt to add
a razor strop to your collection. Where would you suggest I might find
one? I am fairly familiar with the various sources, both local and mail
order, for spanking implements. No one currently offers such a strap,
besides it would be better to try and get an authentic old one." 

Ross responded, "It was suggested that the Antique stores would be the
best source. Then there are Flea Markets specializing in Collectibles, and
an old razor strop might show up there. I understand that there are a
number of Antique shows, where several hundred shops have small booths.
This might turn into quite a hunt, so I will ask Kelsey to give you extra time to search."

Laura said, "Funny you should mention Antique shops. My grandmother runs
one, not that I have ever seen a razor strop there, but I can ask her how
to find other shops and shows. I rather think this isn't going to take
much time from the job, unless I have to visit a show. I've even helped
gran sell at shows when I was in high school, and there aren't any near
here. The biggest are in the capitol, and generally on weekends." 

Ross said, "Have Kelsey make out a petty cash request for $1000. I'll sign
it. Talk to your grandmother and go to the next show in this general area,
including the capitol. Come to think of it, I think the shows are probably
your best bet."

Laura shook her head, "Yes and no, sir. The shows cost a good deal for
exhibition space so the dealers only take relatively expensive items, or
items they know will sell readily. I know that from helping gran, but the
dealers are very aware what they have at their shop. I'm betting I will
find several by asking at the shows, but they will be back at the shop.
You see, sir, we are talking about an item that is probably less than $50,
and not in great demand, so the dealer is less likely to take it to a
show. That means a trip to the store to examine the strop. Some of the
dealers are local to the show area, while some may come as much as several hundred miles."

Ross said, "Travel as much as necessary, but if you go to a show on a
weekend, be sure to report your time, so you will be paid." 

Laura laughed, "I couldn't do that sir. It's too much fun looking at
everything at the shows. I'd just like to be paid for a plane ticket, a
reasonable motel and a cheeseburger."

Ross laughed, "You've got a deal, Laura. Have a shake too. Oh, we need at
least two strops. There is a sorority that wants one for their collection."

Ross received occasional memos from Laura to the effect that she had
called so many dealers that week, and although they did not have a strop,
they would be looking and call her. The next big show was at the capitol
and some two months away.

One memo stated that Laura had talked to the local Leather Shop and been
given some excellent pointers as to what to look for in leather. If it
didn't feel right it was likely to crack with use. She requested to
contact the person who had given the spankings with the strop. Ross gave
her Jenny's number, since he didn't have one for her grandfather. 

She subsequently sent him a memo stating that the razor strop was the
worst spanking she had ever had and she would be using a pillow for a
week. Jenny's grandfather, Jake Knox, had taught her a good deal about the
care and appearance of leather, and she had been so turned on by the idea
of actually getting a spanking with his strop that she had requested a
demonstration. Jake explained that his spankings were a dozen, or nothing.
She had agreed, and got her dozen, after which she was unable to walk, let
alone drive. Fortunately, Jenny had offered to come with her and introduce
them, so she had help getting home.

Ross almost forgot the matter until one memo stated 'Heading to show early
Saturday. Wish me luck'.

The following Monday Kelsey told Ross that Laura had called and found six
dealers at the show who claimed to have razor strops at their stores, but
none had them at the show. It would take her up to several days to
actually see the products, since some of the shops were all over the
state. She planned to visit two that were located right in the capitol on
Monday, then one more that she could get to by train or a rental car on
Tuesday. She needed instructions as to how far he wished the matter
pursued. Ross told Kelsey to have Laura look at all six, if that was what
it took to find two in good condition. Rent a car by all means, but do her
best to succeed and not to worry about how long it took. 

It was Friday by the time Laura returned to work and requested an
interview with Ross. She entered his office with a tote bag, "Sir, I went
a bit overboard, but the problem was complicated by the fact that the
stores were so far apart, in most cases. I could reject one that did not
meet the minimum standards for cracking, but if I found one that was not
too good, but acceptable, I was forced to buy it since otherwise I might
find the next one even worse and have to return to the same shop. Since
they aren't that expensive, a return trip would cost more than the strop.
Time and travel were against me. I ended up with four samples, at least
two of which I think are near perfect. I'd like to get an opinion from Mr.
Knox, but I am fairly sure of these." She removed one from the bag. Ross
had never seen one close up before.

Laura continued, "This one here sir, is typical of one in good condition.
I measured it, just in case you asked." She smiled, "It is 2 1/2 inches
wide by 24 inches long and is made by 'REALEDGE'. It also has the stamp
'Damascus Strop' and is their model 122A. I was unable to find a catalog
of this company, or any other. One or two shop owners thought there was a
club of some kind, and I'm not talking about a 'kinky' club, but rather
one that is composed of collectors, but I was never able to track that rumor down."

Laura shook her head, "I'm sorry this took so long, but I had to rent a
car and drive all over the state. In all, I visited fifteen shops, because
I'd hear of another shop from one I visited. Not every shop attends the
shows, you know. One of the best strops came from a shop that was not at
the show, but had been recommended by a shop who had an unsatisfactory
strop. The other shop was some sixty miles in the wrong direction, but she
called, and claimed they had one in good condition; it was. Two were in
terrible shape, and I'm afraid I was quite angry with the shop owners. In
one case I had driven over one hundred miles to get to a shop, only to
find the strop about ready to fall apart."

She pulled one more out of the bag, "The shop owner who had this one was
so embarrassed by it's poor condition that he gave it to me. It is a
'LLAMA' brand, but you have to look closely to see that near the top,
where the barber hooks it to his chair. Observe the fact that it appears
that several inches are missing from the leather part, and the canvas back
is even worse. It would do for a static display, but little else. The shop
owner claimed it had come from an estate sale. He had purchased the entire
estate, but had never looked closely at the strop until I got there." 

Ross said, "You have done an excellent job Laura. I'm not concerned about
the extra two you bought, and I had already authorized you to take as much
time as you needed. Why don't you take the rest of the day off and have
Jake take a look at these. Perhaps he could grade them, and we will keep
the best one for ourselves. Say, I have an idea. Why not have the best one
gift wrapped and deliver it to our home Saturday afternoon. I'll introduce
you to my wife and daughter and you are welcome to stay and watch a
demonstration. I know Helen-Ann will want a spanking right away with it,
and I expect Rhonda will too. In the meantime, I'll see if I can't get
some lessons from Jake tomorrow morning. I don't suppose you have his
number, do you?" She looked in her notebook and gave it to him. 

Laura smiled, "Fine, sir. I'll see Mr. Knox today and have the best one
gift wrapped. I _think_ it is the one we examined, by 'REALEDGE', but his
opinion is much more educated than mine. Ah, sir, may I make a request? If
you have time tomorrow afternoon, would you consider a volunteer?" 

Ross laughed, "Your reward for all your extra work will be a spanking?
That sounds horribly unappreciative of me! Certainly Laura. You can tell
me if mine or Jake's are worse." He laughed again, "What a way to reward a
hard working young lady."

Laura was laughing too, "Not if the girl is kinky and loves to be
spanked." She rubbed her rear end and left. 

Ross called Jake, "This is Ross Sargent, Helen-Ann's dad, and I
appreciated your help when my secretary was visiting. Come to think of it,
I never thanked you for my daughter's spanking either." 

Jake laughed, "Oh, I've enjoyed it. Almost every week I get a call from a
girl requesting a spanking. Some were here the weekend Helen-Ann was
visiting the first time, some heard about the strop from friends and some
attended the demonstration I gave at the sorority. Until a few months ago
my strop had been collecting dust since my daughter left home when she was
about twenty five, but she got it right up to the time she left." 

Jake continued, "Laura is due here any time now to have me examine some
she bought for your use. I really enjoyed spanking her, she screamed so
much, but she said she hopes to get one from you tomorrow, so she can't
have one today. She made an appointment for next week, on Saturday,
provided Jenny can help her drive home." 

Ross smiled, "That's why I called, Jake. I'll be expected to give
spankings tomorrow and I have never even seen a razor strop until Laura
showed me one today. Do you suppose we could practice a bit tomorrow
morning? I've been using the paddle, hairbrush and cane at home. Oh, you
mentioned Helen-Ann visiting again?"

Jake answered, "Sure to the lessons. We can tie an old pillow to the post
and pretend it is an ass." He laughed, "Helen-Ann has been here several
times. One of my best repeat customers. She said you had been waking her
every morning with two lashes of the cane. Didn't you notice her ass?"

Ross thought back, "There was one Sunday when she almost shot off the bed
when I gave her two with the cane. She was tied to the bed, so she didn't
go far, and she was crying when I left. I noticed her ass, but I thought
one of her friends had spanked her." 

Jake laughed, "Could be, or it might have been the strop. What has really
surprised me is the number of girls who keep coming back. They scream up a
storm while they are getting it, then have trouble walking, but a month or
so later they are back for another. At least once they have had one they
learn to bring something to rest up on, wear a loose skirt and have
someone with them to drive home. I'll see you tomorrow, Laura just arrived."

Later Kelsey came in. "Mr. Ross, Laura submitted her expense report to me,
and it appears that she must have the appetite of a bird and stay at the
cheapest motels in the state. Did you know that she drove nearly 2000
miles hunting for your razor strop? Her motel receipts are from all over
the state. She even saved air fare by driving the car home, since her
travels had been taking her this way in any case. There was a small fee
for dropping the car off here, but less than air fare. I wish she could
give lessons to some of our salesmen."

Ross laughed, "I bet she didn't even put in for weekend pay, either."
Kelsey shook her head, "No, I spoke to her about that and she said she had
already agreed to contribute her time, because going to the shows was fun anyway."

Ross thought a moment, "Kelsey, I heard that one of the VP's was loosing a
secretary soon. I believe she is expecting and intends to stay home in
future. Have a look at Laura's records and see if she would qualify for
the position. She showed good sense and initiative in this search, and I'd
like to reward her."

Kelsey returned a couple of hours later, "Sir, Laura worked part time for
us while she was in high school and participated in our summer training
programs. She takes night classes for a business degree. We pay half her
tuition, in accordance with company policy. Her GPA is 4.00 from high
school and night school. She may lack the experience of an executive
secretary, but I would be inclined to recommend her for the vacancy. She
can work with Stella for about two months until the baby is closer to term
and Steal resigns."

Ross smiled, "Fine, I approve. Please take care of it through personnel.
I'll tell her tomorrow myself. Today she is getting an expert opinion as
to which razor strop is the best, then having it gift wrapped for
Helen-Ann. She plans to deliver the package tomorrow afternoon at the
house. I can guarantee my daughter will want an instant demonstration, and
I invited Laura to watch the show. She then asked if she couldn't
volunteer, and I agreed. Now isn't that a helluva reward for all her extra
work?" Ross laughed.

Kelsey smiled, "So if she needs a pillow on Monday, it will be your fault."
Saturday found Jake and Ross practicing with the razor strop. The old
pillow really caught hell, but didn't complain like the usual objects tied
to the post. After an hour, Jake called a halt and they took a coffee
break. Jake said, "After the break I think another half hour and you'll be qualified to solo."

As they sat in the comfortable kitchen Jake said, "Like I said on the
phone, I can't figure the number of repeat 'customers' I get. They leave
here barely able to walk and a few weeks are back again. Well, your
daughter is one of them. She always has Jenny, or a girlfriend with her so
she doesn't have to drive. Sometimes she brings a friend for a stropping
too, but they always have a 'designated driver'. Have you figured out why
your daughter needs to be spanked?"

Ross shook his head, "Hell no, I haven't figured it out, but since I
started to spank her, she has been the sweetest daughter anyone could ask
for. Roycee told me she was naughty before, trying to tell me she needed
love, discipline and a spanking if she was naughty, but now she is damn
near perfect, but still needs to be spanked. All I can say is, it works,
so let's not try to fix it!"

Jake chuckled, "I'll drink to that." He finished his coffee and he went
back to the barn with Ross to finish training the younger man in the art of ass busting.

About 2:30 PM Laura arrived with a gaily decorated box for Helen-Ann. Ross
called a meeting in the den and introduced Laura, who presented Helen-Ann
with the box. She eagerly opened the box and squealed, "Oh dad, she found
one for me." She pulled out the razor strop and gave the sofa arm a good whack.

Laura laughed, and said, "I'd never have found it if your father hadn't
given me a week off with pay and expenses. I finally came up with five, if
you include one that is only good to look at. Your dad said one is for the
sorority, so you have two left for friends." 

Helen-Ann was almost jumping up and down with excitement, "Dad, when do I
get it with this one? Now? Please? Pretty please? Oh, my poor ass needs this so badly!"
Ross was laughing at her excitement, "Sure honey, get the cuffs and leave
your clothes in your room. Laura is going to watch, if you don't mind, and
has volunteered for one after that." 

Helen-Ann shouted, "Bring in an audience of thousands if you want to, my
dad is going to bust my ass." She streaked for her room. 

(











JENNY 11

In just moments she was back with the cuffs, but no clothes, "You know the
rules dad, one dozen no matter what I say. How about Rhonda holding my
feet and Laura my hands. OK, I'm ready when you are." 

Splat! EEOOWWWW! Bad..
Splat! EEOOWWWW! AS..
Splat! EEOOWWWW! Gramps..
Splat! EEOOWWWW! Worse..

She was screaming and crying long after her dozen. Ross had been a 'quick study'.
"My turn now." That was all Rhonda said as she stripped. 

Ross and Laura helped Helen-Ann out of the cuffs and laid her on the
couch. Ross said, "You can hold your mom's arms, even if you can't walk
yet. Laura will hold her feet."

In almost no time Rhonda had on the cuffs and was stretched over the end of the sofa.
Splat! EEOOWWWW! How..
Splat! EEOOWWWW! Can..
Splat! EEOOWWWW! Stand..
Splat! EEOOWWWW! This..

If possible, she made more noise than Helen-Ann and bounced around more.
They removed the cuffs and helped her to lay next to the younger girl.
Helen-Ann spoke, "Oh God, dad, that was awful, but wonderful. Thank you.
Thank you. Let Laura undress and put on the cuffs, then help me to the
floor so I will be able to hold her feet. Mom should be able to hold her
hands and stay on the sofa, like I did." 

Laura was a bit embarrassed to strip in front of her boss, but the thought
of her spanking was more important than a little reluctance to remove her
clothes, so _Zip_, she was nude. She put on the cuffs and laid over the sofa arm.

Splat! EEEEEEEEEEEEEOOWWWW! Oh, oh, oh, my ass. 
Splat! EEEEEEEEEEEEEOOWWWW! Oh, oh, oh, my ass. 
Splat! EEEEEEEEEEEEEOOWWWW! Oh, oh, oh, my ass. 
Splat! EEEEEEEEEEEEEOOWWWW! Oh, oh, oh, my ass. 

Laura _DID_ scream more than the other two, but she was otherwise
completely unmoving. Her ass bounced as the strop hit it, but she made no
attempt to move. After about the third lash Helen-Ann let go of Laura's
feet and stood up, holding onto the sofa. Seeing this, Rhonda released her
hands. She screamed and cried, but didn't move a bit. She took her dozen
the same way. She was still muttering "Oh, oh, oh, my ass" for several minutes.

It took nearly an hour for all three girls to recover. Jenny wanted to
thank Laura in a more personal way, so while they were both nude she
embraced Laura and kissed her on the mouth. Laura automatically opened her
mouth and they let their tongues explore each other. Helen-Ann let her
hands stray to Laura's ass and Laura did the same. Finally, they broke
apart. Helen-Ann said, "Laura, let's get together some day in private and
we can use the razor strop on each other. I can't tell you how much I
appreciate all your work in finding it." 

Laura smiled, "It was a pleasure looking for the strops, and I have a
confession to make. I found one more that never showed up on my expense
account. I paid for it myself, and I hope to find a boy to use it on me.
I'd love to get together with you later, just the two of us. I know we
can't spank as hard as your dad, but we could experiment and take more
than a dozen, until we get about the same effect." 

Helen-Ann chuckled, "The experimentation sounds like fun. Let's get
together soon, but not too soon." She rubbed her ass. 

Ross spoke up, "I have a more material reward for you, Laura. On Monday,
show up at Steve Blankenship's office. You will be working with his
secretary, Stella, who is expecting and planning to resign in about two
months time. When she does, you will take over her position. Your salary
will be increased as of the coming week." 

Laura squealed and embraced her boss, kissing him on the cheek. "Thank you
sir, and excuse my exuberance, Rhonda. I'm not in the habit of kissing my
boss while I'm in the nude, or otherwise." 

Rhonda laughed, "That's perfectly all-right Laura, I understand. As to all
three of us being nude, I recall Helen-Ann saying something about 'being
dressed for the occasion', and we certainly are." She embraced Laura too,
and gave her a kiss that was not exactly sisterly. She let her hands stray
down, like Helen-Ann had. She felt Laura do the same. They broke apart and
Rhonda said, "I'd like to thank you for my most intense spanking ever.
Both you and Helen-Ann got it with the strop from Jenny's granddad, but I didn't."

Ross smiled, "By the way, Laura, I mentioned to Steve that you frequently
have a tender rear, and may use a soft pillow to sit on. He was very sympathetic."
Laura blushed, "Nothing like telling my future boss I'm kinky. Well,
that's OK sir, he won't have to wonder what the pillow is for." 

Laura dressed and soon left with hearty 'good-byes'. Helen-Ann spoke, "I
would highly recommend that you two go upstairs and have a good fuck. Yes,
that is about five you owe me and you can collect right now, so I'll be
all ready to take care of myself, since my husband is not here. Let me get the paddle."

While she was gone Ross said, "She almost sounded serious when she said
her husband wasn't here. I haven't even known her to date in about two years."

Rhonda answered, "Just kidding, I guess, or maybe she wants one." 
Helen-Ann returned with the paddle and lay over the arm of the sofa. 
SPLAT!, SPLAT!, SPLAT!, SPLAT!, SPLAT! scream, scream, scream, scream,
scream. OHHHHH, OHHHHH, OHHHHH, OHHHHH. 

"T-t-thank y-you d-dad."

Ross and Rhonda left hand-in-hand for their bedroom to take Helen-Anne's
advice. Rhonda left her clothes in the den. They ran into Betsy on the
way. Rhonda smiled, "Look what he did to my poor ass, Betsy." She turned
and bent over. "That was our new razor strop. Helen-Ann got to feel it first."

Betsy laughed, "Mister Ross, you are improving. I haven't used a razor
strop in years, but I'll be sure to tell Miss Helen how much I'd like to
practice on her behind."

Helen-Ann went to her bedroom to take care of herself. How she wished her
husband really was here!

She took a three quart soapy enema, stuffed her pussy with a big dildo,
put clothespins on her nipples and lay down on the bed with an absorbent
pad under her. She played with her clit and soon had a nice cum. She
played some more, adding pressure to her tits by pinching the clothespins.
The enema was giving her cramps as the soapy solution worked inside her.
She gasped as she had her second cum. 

She got up and went in the bathroom and took another soapy enema, adding
to what she was holding. She took all she could stand. Wow, was she ever
full! She went back to the bed and pinched both clothespins very firmly.
She screamed. She played with her dildo, pulling it out and slamming it
in. She could feel a cum in the making. She moaned, let a spurt of water
go and had a lovely third cum. She staggered to the toilet and let go. It
took several minutes for the soapy water to be eliminated. Finally, she
took a quick shower and went to bed. Soon she was sleeping. 

A couple of weeks later she got a call from Laura, "Hi, Helen-Ann, how's your ass?" Laura laughed.

Helen-Ann smiled and answered, "Cold as a 'Witches Left Tit', as
Shakespeare, or somebody, said. Do you have a cure for that?" 

"Any time you are available in the evening. I inherited a little house
from my grandmother and live alone. It is an old house with thick walls,
on about an acre of land. The neighbors have never complained when I've
had play parties, which can produce lots of screams. I doubt we can
disturb anyone by ourselves. Bring your strop and we can compare how it
feels to mine. Bring your dildo, and any other toy you use. If a week
night isn't good, we have Saturday or Sunday. For some reason, I feel like
playing this evening, but you may not."

Helen-Ann came back, "Now that you've got me thinking about it, I do
believe a nice spanking is just what I need tonight. Then a few nice cums
would feel good after that. What's a good time?" 

Laura answered, "I usually don't like a spanking on a full tummy. How
about right after I get off work? We can grab a burger later, if we bring
pillows. Is 6 PM OK for you?"

"Sure, that's fine, and I don't care for a spanking on a full tummy
either. Give me directions to your play house." She wrote them down. They
terminated the call. She was anticipating the spanking and girl-girl play.
She put her strop, nipple clips, clothespins, dildo and enema bag in her backpack.

Rhonda was home, so she looked her up, "Mom, Laura and I are going to be
very naughty tonight at her place. I'll be using a pillow tomorrow, I'm
sure of that, and I'll do my best to see that she does too." 

Rhonda laughed, "That was a very nice kiss you two shared, as well as an
intimate embrace. I should talk, our tongues were dueling too, and I liked
the way we felt when our hands were straying lower. I guess both you and I
are a little bi-sexual. I love your dad, but I might just give Laura a
call some day myself. Ask her how she feels about having a spanking good
time with an old lady of twenty eight."

"Will do, mom. Is dad spanking you enough?" 

Rhonda smiled. She never thought she would like to be spanked, but
everything had changed in the last few months. She shook her head, "Not
really. I guess he isn't used to spanking me and I'm not used to asking. I
am embarrassed to just say 'please spank me, honey', so lots of nights I'd
like him to, but he doesn't."

"Mom, all you have to do is pick up the play toy you want him to use and
hand it to him. You can make a big deal out of it and get down on your
knees and hold it out towards him. He'd probably like that. I bet you
could get some action by just rubbing your ass and saying 'honey, can you
warm this for me'. If you are embarrassed to vocalize your request, just
handing the spanking instrument to him should be enough. Hey, I'm outa
here. See you later with a sore ass. Maybe you'll have one too." 
Helen-Ann arrived at Laura's place about 6:15 and pushed the bell. Laura
answered it almost immediately, already in the nude. She said, "Put your
clothes on a chair and I'll give you a warm welcome." 

Helen-Ann started to strip, "Sorry I'm late. Mom isn't getting spanked
enough, and we got talking. Then I took the wrong turn." She was nude and
held out her arms, which were quickly filled by Laura. They kissed
passionately and their hands strayed down until both girls were caressing
the other's ass. They broke, and Laura grabbed for a tit. Helen-Ann did
the same. Laura put her mouth on Helen-Ann's breast and nibbled on a tit.
Helen-Ann moaned and let her hand stray to Laura's pussy. They reversed
roles and soon Laura was moaning.

They finally ended up on the floor in the classic '69' position with Laura
on top eating out Helen-Ann, while getting eaten herself. Helen-Ann
spanked Laura, not very effectively, with her hands. They had both been
hot to start with, so first Helen-Ann moaned and had a cum, then Laura.
They lay on the rug recovering. Laura said, "Now that we have that little
foreplay out of the way, shall we spank?" 

Helen-Ann smiled, "My ass is still cold." 

"OK, kid, let me show you my dungeon. Take your gear along and don't
forget your ass."

Laura led Helen-Ann to a door. Stairs led down to a basement, which really
was fixed up like a kinky play area. She said, "Who goes first?" 

Helen-Ann shrugged. "OK, you are the guest, so I'll do you first. I think
we'll use overhead suspension. Put on these wrist and ankle cuffs."
Helen-Ann complied and was soon almost hanging from the ceiling, with her
legs way apart on a spreader bar. "You can move your ass quite a bit, so
we may go to the cross. I like this because I have access to you all
around." She demonstrated by using a riding crop on Helen-Ann's tits. This
resulted in a scream with every lash of the tip. Laura whipped Helen-Ann's
tits about ten times each, then really surprised her by giving her a good
stinger right on her pussy. This resulted in a lengthy scream. Laura
kissed Helen-Ann, "That too much for you honey?" 

Helen-Ann was shaking a little, but said, "Try it once more in both places
and I'll tell you. Hit my tits a bit harder. My pussy too." 

Laura said, "Good girl. Remember to give me the same or better." She
raised the crop and brought it down briskly, hitting a tit with the tip.
Helen-Ann jumped and screamed. Laura repeated this ten times on both tits.
Helen-Ann made lots of noise but never asked Laura to stop. Laura said,
"Now the pussy again. Are you sure you want it harder?" 

Helen-Ann was shaking more but said, "Hit it until I tell you to stop."
Laura brought the end of the crop down on Helen-Ann's pussy, resulting in
a jump and scream. A second time with the same results. A third and forth
produced even more noise. A fifth and Helen-Ann shook her head, but said
nothing. A sixth and she said, "Please make it a total of ten good ones,
but faster and I'll try to keep my pussy pushed towards you." Laura lashed
Helen-Ann four more times as fast and hard as she could. Helen-Ann had
held her body forward, offering her pussy to the whip. The scream was one long one.

Laura laughed, "Aren't we having fun! Time for the razor strop? I'll give
you a good one with mine, then yours." She swung the strop back and hit
Helen-Ann's ass in a very professional manner. Then she did the same with
the other one. "Any difference? The leather feels the same to me and I
oiled them both like Jake taught me." 

Helen-Ann shook her head, "They both hurt the same, as far as I can tell.
The usual is a dozen, so I guess I'll try for twenty. You are good with
the strop, but I think dad, Jake and Roycee are worse, er, I mean they
hurt more, especially Roycee." 

Laura laughed, "When you get talking about a spanking, it is easy to get
your 'better' and 'worse' mixed up. Usual rules, you get your twenty, or
do you want a 'safeword'?"

"You may have to lift me, but I'll go for the twenty." 
"Good girl."
Splat! EEOOWWWW!
Splat! EEOOWWWW!
Splat! EEOOWWWW!
Splat! EEOOWWWW!

Laura gave Helen-Ann her twenty, then helped her to the cot in the corner.
Helen-Ann had screamed and cried like she usually did when getting the
strop. Laura said, "When you can talk, tell me what you think about the
stropping. Your ass looks very red and swollen, but I wasn't really paying
that much attention when your dad did it to you, and I've never seen what
it looks like when Jake gives it to you." 

Helen-Ann shook her head, "Whee, that was some spanking. Shit, I don't
know. I think we estimated about right on the ratio, at least. Each lash
seemed to hurt a bit less than the men, or Roycee, but the cumulative pain
is about the same. Suppose we have some coffee and let me get my strength
back before I tackle your ass, tits and pussy. Wow, that pussy whipping was really intense."

Laura laughed, "It should have been, I don't think I can ever recall
anyone taking ten. Then those last four were _really_ something. You were
sticking your pussy out like you were asking the whip to hit it. Do you
think you can make the stairs with some help? We'll talk and have coffee
in the kitchen, if you can make it." 

Helen-Ann got off the cot carefully and was able to walk, if somewhat
unsteadily. With help from Laura, she made the stairs OK and then the
kitchen. Laura said, "Take the one with the soft pillow. Is instant OK?" 
Helen-Ann said, "Fine with me. Oh, mom apparently was impressed with your
kiss the other day and was wondering if you play with 'older' women. Shit,
she is only twenty eight, but she had sort-of a sheltered upbringing. She
was a virgin until she met dad, and apparently she has never tried any
girl-girl sex. I don't know what she would say about tit and pussy
whipping, but she already told me dad doesn't spank her enough." 

Laura smiled, "She sure kissed like she wanted more. Well, so did you, but
we had a little too much of an audience. Hey, ask her to call me so we can
talk. Maybe she would like you to be with her. We could have a threesome,
which can be really hot. On the other hand, she might feel better about it
if it was just the two of us. Maybe she rather not have you see my tongue
licking her clit. Some people are very private about their sexual
activity, and some not. I was real embarrassed the first time I was
whipped at a party. I didn't care if they saw the whipping, but taking my
clothes off bothered me."

Helen-Ann smiled, "I'm a genuine card carrying nudist and a member of the
American Sunbathing Association. I started going to the river and skinny
dipping when I was ten or so. A friend talked me into it the first time,
and when I got my clothes off I realized there were a couple dozen of both
sexes in the same state of undress. Then I just enjoyed swimming in the
buff. Later my friend invited me on weekend trips to Lawrence Lodge,
further down the river. Sometimes I'd be in the buff for four days, like a
long weekend, for example. I remember when I was about sixteen spending a
whole week nude. Her family took a vacation and dad let me go with them. I
only told him recently that it was a nudist resort. I challenged dad and
mom to visit for a weekend. I'm a member on my own since I was eighteen,
so I can invite them as my guests. You too, if you want to experience nude
living for a few hours or a whole weekend." 

Laura said, "Hey, that would be neat. Yeah, let's see if we can't spend a
weekend there soon. I don't think I would be embarrassed being nude if
everybody was nude too. Hey, have Rhonda call. I am small and probably
look younger than I am, but I'm almost twenty three. I'd love to initiate
her into girl-girl sex. Oh, I like boys too, particularly if they like to
butt-fuck me. That really turns me on." 

Helen-Ann smiled, "If you like butt-fucking I would think you might like
enemas, as I do. Hey, I feel better. Let's see if I can wreck you and we
can both try my bag, which I just _happen_ to have brought with me." 
Helen-Ann soon had Laura suspended. The first thing she did to Laura was
give her tits ten each, which resulted in a good deal of screaming. Then
she took a cane that was hanging on the wall and gave her pussy a good
one. This resulted in a window rattling scream. "Poor little pussy has
been neglected. Do you want more, little pussy?" 

Laura was shaking, "OK, kid, put a gag in my mouth and give my pussy ten
more just like that."

Helen-Ann happily obliged. There was some noise around the gag, but
nothing like the first time. Laura fainted after number eight, but she got
ten anyway. Helen-Ann had noticed some ampoules of 'smelling-salts' on a
shelf, so she took out the gag and broke one under Laura's nose. Soon the
older girl was coughing and crying. "Sorry, honey, but you fainted on me.
I think I may have cheated a bit. I think that cane is worse than the
crop. Remind me, and you can give me one on the pussy with it before I
leave. You OK now? Enough for tonight?"

Laura shook her head, "I'm more-or-less OK except for a broken pussy. Do
my tits and on to the strop."

Helen-Ann enjoyed whipping each tit ten times and using the razor strop
twenty times. Laura had made a great deal of noise, especially over the
strop. She helped Laura to the cot. "Talk when you feel like it honey. In
the meantime I'll get something from my gear and be right back." 
What she got was her big enema bag. She filled it at the sink in the
kitchen, adding three squirts of liquid 'Ivory' soap. She returned to the
basement with the bag, which was overflowing with suds. She found a hook
on the wall about the right height and hung up the bag. "Are you with us again, Laura?"

Laura didn't move but said, "Add a busted ass to the pussy. I guess I have
to agree with you. Each lash wasn't as bad as from your dad, but it was a
damn good spanking."

Helen-Ann took her tube of K-Y and put some on Laura's asshole. She then
put her finger inside. "Like that, honey?" she moved her finger in and
out. Laura moaned and moved her ass around. Helen-Ann then greased up her
 nozzle and had it in Laura without her knowing it wasn't her
finger. A few squeezes of the bulb and it was inflated inside Laura, who
moaned her approval. Helen-Ann got the cane, just in case, and turned on the water.

Laura moaned a bit more, then realized something strange was happening
inside her, "What the fuck are you up to back there?" 

Helen-Ann said, "If you like butt-fucking so much, you are going to just
_love_ this nice big bag of hot soapy water." Laura tried to move, so
Helen-Ann gave her a good stinger on her already sore ass with the cane.
"You get every drop, sweetheart, or momma spanks you." Laura tried to put
a hand back there, so Helen-Ann gave her a real screamer with the cane.
"Naughty little girl needs to have her ass cleaned out." She put her hand
on Laura's pussy and started to massage her. Soon Laura was moaning from
the cramping of the enema and moaning from the heat in her pussy. 

Laura got fuller and fuller, but hotter and hotter. Helen-Ann slipped
nipple clips on Laura, resulting in two 'ouches'. The bag ran out and
Laura was getting hotter and hotter. Laura shrieked, "Spank me, whip me,
cane me. I want to have a cum right now." 

Helen-Ann gave Laura a good stinger, while trying to continue the massage.
Laura shrieked, "Harder, harder." So Helen-Ann gave her a series of
stingers, keeping up the massage. She felt Laura's pussy contract, so she
removed her hand and gave Laura a real solid screamer with the cane,
something she couldn't do and massage Laura as well. Laura screamed, had a
lovely cum, squirted some water around the balloon in her ass, said
softly, "OH YES, YES." She then fainted.

Helen-Ann lowered the bag below the cot and let as much of the enema flow
out as she could. She was able to get about half out of Laura when she
woke up. She shook her head, "Never have I had such a good cum. Are you
letting all that lovely soapy water out dear? Please let me have it back
for awhile." Helen-Ann put the bag back on the hook and the soapy water
flowed back into Laura, who moaned with the cramps but made no attempt to
stop the flow. "Sweetie, would you bring down another quart or so of that
lovely stuff? I'm not full enough." 

Helen-Ann found a pitcher of about two quart capacity in the kitchen and
filled it with hot water, adding two squirts of 'Ivory'. She returned to
the basement. Laura was moaning, so Helen-Ann asked, "Do you still want more?"

Laura said, "All I can take, honey." She looked at the soap suds running
over the top of the pitcher. "Pour it all in. I'll tell you if I'm going
to burst." She was starting to look pregnant, but she kept taking more and
more. Finally the bag was empty and she was _very_ full. "Oh, that feels
so good. I guess I don't have any more room in my tummy, and I have to go
poo-poo something awful. Would you please help me to that old potty in the corner?"

Helen-Ann hadn't even noticed the bowl until Laura mentioned it. She had
wondered how she could get Laura to a potty in her expanded state, without
leaving a trail of brown water on the rugs. She took the bag with, her, so
the balloon was still inside Laura, who was not too steady on her feet.
She got Laura on the potty and let the air out of the balloon. The nozzle
shot out of Laura, followed by a gush of brown, soapy water and a large
turd. Much more of the same followed. Finally Laura appeared empty, but
Helen-Ann knew from experience that more usually followed. 

Laura was partially recovered, so she returned to the cot under her own
power. Helen-Ann instructed, "Lay on your left side so your colon can
drain, and don't be surprised if you have to go poo-poo once or twice
more. That was a really big enema and it got way up in your colon." She
kissed Laura tenderly on the lips. "I'd love to have an enema just like
that one, right now." She rubbed her tummy.

Laura said, "It isn't that late, and I can give you one if I can rest and
get it all out of me. Take it on your tummy, then I can get to your pussy
and spank you, if you want that to make you cum." 

Helen-Ann smiled, "That's a deal sweetie. I've never had anyone handy to
spank me when I was full of an enema. Let me get my dildo and I can
started heating up the old sex box." She brought down the whole pack,
since the bag needed re-packing later anyway. She lubed up the dildo and
stuffed it in her pussy with an "OHHHH, I love you." About that time Laura
streaked for the potty. There was the noise of expelling water, followed
by a big fart, then more water and a smaller fart. "Have you been before,
or was that your first return trip?"

Laura shook her head, "I went potty while you were upstairs, so that is
the second return."

Helen-Ann nodded, "That's probably it then. When you start to pass wind
like that, you are usually very nearly empty. Now let's fill me up." They
took the bag and the pitcher to the kitchen and got them overflowing with
suds. Back in the basement Helen-Ann instructed Laura, "Grease up your
finger and stick it up my chute. Then grease up the tip and it should go
right in. Stop when the collapsed balloon is just inside me. Then give the
bulb three full squeezes, but no more. You can actually break the balloon.
Oh, it feels like you just inflated it. You can turn me on now. Ah, I can
feel my tummy filling up." She played with the dildo. "Hey, where are my
nipple clips? I brought the set that get tighter if you pull on them,
which I plan to do. Ouch, you found them. Ouch, you found the other end
too. Now if I give a good pull, OHHHHH, that hurts so good." 

Laura gave her a few lashes with the cane, but no screamers yet. She got
fuller and fuller. With a gurgle, the bag was empty. Laura quickly added
the pitcher. Helen-Ann started to pant. She stroked the dildo in and out.
"Spank me please. Ouch, thanks. OHHHHH, thanks." There was another gurgle,
indicating the bag was empty again. "Hard, HARDER, OHHHHHHHHHHH." She had
a lovely cum and fainted.





JENNY 12

She came back to the living with a very full tummy and a terrible urge to
go potty. "Honey, that was a real keeper. Would you help me to the potty,
please." Laura did as she had observed before, and left the balloon in
Helen-Ann until she was on the potty, then released the air in the
balloon. The nozzle shot out followed by turds and water. After a while
Helen-Ann was empty, so she lay on her left side on the cot. After a few
minutes she got up and evacuated more water. She lay down once more.
"Laura, I'd like to thank you for a memorable evening. I'd like to try
more with the strop, without any foreplay. When dad gives it, he just uses
the strop, and nothing else. I think that way we could work up to thirty,
or maybe even forty." She went back to the potty and let a long fart and a
little water. "I guess I better go now." She packed up her gear and they
left the basement.

Helen-Ann dressed, except for her panties, which went into her back pack.
She kissed Laura, then said, "Oh, no! I promised you a shot at my pussy
before I left." Laura streaked for the basement, returning quickly with
the cane. Helen-Ann looked around the room, finally settling for a chair.
She sat on the chair with her legs apart and skirt up. "Is this position
OK? Can you get a good shot from there?" She leaned back, trying to give
Laura as good a shot as practical. 

Laura said, "Fine, I'll stand behind you and give it to you over your
shoulder, OK? You sure you want it now?" Helen-Ann nodded. 
BAAAMM! SCREEEEEEEEEEEEEAM.

Helen-Ann could hardly talk, but she pointed to her pussy and nodded.
Laura as amazed, "You want another?" Helen-Ann nodded. 
BAAAMM! SCREEEEEEEEEEEEEAM.

She nodded again.
BAAAMM! SCREEEEEEEEEEEEEAM.

She fainted and fell on the floor. Laura got down and lay next to her,
holding her close. It was a good ten minutes before Helen-Ann stirred. 
She finally said, "Oh, God my poor pussy! Thanks sweetie." She got up,
none too steadily, embraced Laura again, gave her a kiss and staggered to
her car." Fortunately, her driving was better than her walking. 

The next morning Helen-Ann found that her ass was still sore and her pussy
was too. To add insult to injury, she couldn't stand to wear a bra,
because this hurt her nipples. She dressed in a loose fitting skirt, no
panties and a baggy sweater with no bra. 

At breakfast she said 'Hi' to dad and mom. Mom was sitting on a pillow and so was she.
Ross noticed the second pillow, "Rhonda told me you were visiting Laura.
It looks like she gave you a good one." 

Helen-Ann got up, turned around and pulled up her skirt, "That was twenty
but we think we can take more. We played before the spanking and each got
a total of forty on our tits and ten on our pussy. We plan another private
party when we have recovered and will see what we can do with the strop by
itself. Starting the spanking with tits and pussy sore sort-of confuses
the stropping. What do you think about the condition of my ass?"

Ross and Rhonda examined it, he spoke first, "Well, it looks sore, but I
don't know what yours looked like after the one I gave you. I remember
your ass that first night you told me you wanted to be spanked, and it was
much worse than it is now, but you were spanked three times, as I recall."

Helen-Ann nodded, "Mr. Knox spanked me, then Roycee. Just before we left
his place I got the idea of taking a third one to impress you that
evening. Roycee did that one too. Were you suitably impressed dad?" She
laughed and let her skirt down again.

Ross chuckled, "Yes, but having my daughter walk in without a stitch of
clothing on probably impressed me more." 

Helen-Ann laughed, "I noticed your attention straying occasionally to my tits and pussy."
Ross laughed, "I may be your dad, but I am still a man, and you have a
nice pair of tits. As far as your pussy is concerned, I'm not used to viewing a bare one."

Helen-Ann addressed Rhonda, "Yeah mom, you do have a luxurious bush down
front. Have you ever considered shaving it off?" 

Rhonda blushed, "Er, ah, not really. But come to think of it, maybe your
dad would like that. Would you, dear?" 

Ross considered the matter, "OK you two. Line up and show me your pussies, side-by-side."
Helen-Ann jumped up and pulled the front of her skirt up. Rhonda was a bit
more reticent, but opened her robe and pulled her night dress up to her
middle, revealing her black patch. 

Ross got up from the table and walked to the pair. He crouched down so he
was at the level of the pussies, his face within a foot or so from them.

Helen-Ann remarked, "My husband, er, I mean boyfriend, likes me this way
because he doesn't get a mouthful of hair when he licks me. Don't you agree mom?"

Rhonda was blushing deeply now, "You'll really get it the next time you
ask for a spanking, young lady."

Helen-Ann shot back, "Promises, promises. Well, what do you say dad? If
you like the 'shaved look' I'll do it to mom and show her how to keep it
that way. Just a little attention with an electric razor every few days."

Ross nodded, "Honey, would you object to trying the bare look? I think it
will grow back in a couple of months if you don't like it." 

Rhonda was still blushing, "Your ass is trash, daughter!" 
Helen-Ann laughed, "You have been around me too much mom, you wouldn't
have said that a few months ago." 

Rhonda came back, "You are _BOTH_ a bad influence on me. All right, all
right. Shave me after school."

Ross straightened and put his hand on Rhonda's pussy. She opened her legs
for him without thinking, and he let his hand cup her. She put her arms
around him. He kissed her passionately. "If I didn't have a meeting this
morning I'd go right back to bed."

Rhonda moaned, "Me too, sweetheart! I think I'll need another spanking tonight."
Helen-Ann cheered, "Way to go, mom! Ask the old fart right out like that.
Dad, she needs more spankings."

Ross smiled, "I understand it was your idea for her to get down on the
floor and hand me the cane, but she admitted that leaving all her clothes
in her room was her addition. She got the idea from the way you confronted me."

Helen-Ann embraced Rhonda, "Good thinking, mom. Did you have that horrible
feeling when you left the room with no clothes on, like I did?" 

Rhonda smiled, "Yeah, like 'what am I doing here in the nude', but I
forced myself to look for your father. He was talking to Betsy in her
room. I just walked in, knelt down and handed him the cane. Betsy was
laughing her ass off. I did get a good one, though. Your dad and I had a
long talk much later and I think he understands that you are not the only
naughty bitch in this house that needs her ass warmed occasionally." 

Helen-Ann laughed, "I'll drink to that. Gotta go or I'll be late. See you
later and I'll fix up your cunt hairs later, mom." 

After school Helen-Ann found Rhonda working in the study, "How's the book coming, mom?"
Rhonda swiveled away from the computer, "You startled me honey. I was just
about to get the hero and heroine into bed for the first time. Would you
believe I was making good money writing this trash before I met your dad?
I mean, I was a virgin and writing about men going to bed with woman. My
experiences were all from reading other writer's trash." 

Helen-Ann smiled, "Do you think your bedroom scenes are better since you
left your virginity at the motel?" 

Rhonda laughed, "Well, I think they are a lot hotter, but my sales have
been pretty good for a long time. It can take up to a year for a book to
get edited, proof read, printed and finally show up in a book store, so my
recent experiences aren't on the shelves yet. It's only the last few
months that I have enjoyed regular sex, and I really-really enjoy it. Oh,
your dad told me that you knew about us fucking for months, even saw us
doing it in front of the fire one night." 

Helen-Ann smiled, "Wow, you two were hot for each other that night. When I
came down for the hot chocolate your clothes were all over the 
place, you had two pillows under your ass and the two of you were fucking
your brains out. You had your legs wrapped around dad and kept muttering
'yes', 'harder', 'deeper'. I almost had a cum just watching you two. When
you had your cum you screamed. Dad had his at the same time. My dildo
caught hell that night. I took a big soapy enema and had my cum while
holding it all inside and pulling on my nipple clips." 

Rhonda stared at Helen-Ann, "Shit, you should be writing these bedroom
scenes, not me. I only take enemas when I have my period. I get
constipated. Then the douche helps the cramps. I don't own any nipple clips, or a dildo."

Helen-Ann smiled, "I discovered that I liked enemas when I was real young.
Betsy used to hound me to have a movement every day, and if I didn't, out
came the bag. I was only about six when I found I liked them. At least
twice a week I'd pretend I was constipated, just to get my tummy full of
hot, soapy water. As I got older, I'd pretend more often, and get more
enemas. Sometimes I'd end up with one every day, but Betsy never said
anything about taking too many, she just kept filling me up. Later I
complained that I wasn't getting full enough, so she would give me a
second bag. At first I'd take just a little of the second bag, then I'd
take about a quarter, a half and finally I took two full bags." 

Helen-Ann was remembering back a few years, "It was sort of a game with
Betsy and me to see how much I could take and how long I could hold it.
Looking back, I think Betsy knew that I was taking enemas for pleasure,
not constipation, but she probably figured it was a good idea to keep my
colon clean, and besides, it was a harmless pleasure. I think I was about
thirteen when I could hold two bags. My tummy looked really bloated and I
remember how proud I was that I took all of the second bag. Betsy
congratulated me, but after that I was expected to take two full bags
every time, and some times that was difficult, when I was that age, but if
I didn't take my two full bags Betsy would repeat the process. I'd always
make it the second time, since all the poo was out of me and I had that extra room."

She smiled, "Now I have a four quart bag and I can take it all, every
time, as long as I'm relaxed and laying down. To this day Betsy will still
get on my case. If I feel like I'd enjoy one, which is about all the time,
I'll pretend I didn't go potty that day, and Betsy fills me up. It's nice
to just lie in bed and let her give it to me. I have my suspicions that
she likes to give them to me. Sometimes I take my gallon and tell her that
I'm not full yet. Then she will fill it up about half full and I take
about six quarts. There are only a couple of mail order sources for those
big bags and they cost over $100, but they are really for serious enema
lovers like myself, so the market is small. Besides, the bags are heavy
walled and very long lasting, so a customer isn't likely to order a
replacement very often. I have another one that is almost new that you
just sit on. That was over $100 too. Then the nozzle is another $100." 

"Hey, I forgot to tell you that you can loose weight with enemas, but it
doesn't seem to work for everybody. I was getting pudgy at about fifteen,
and I was complaining to Betsy. She said a big enema every day worked for
some people, so she gave me one, sometimes two, every day. I had my big
bag then, so it was four quarts every session, with some extra every
couple of days, and a second session, sometimes just before bedtime. We
did that for over six months. I actually didn't loose weight, it stayed
just about the same but I was growing taller and soon I wasn't pudgy anymore." 

Rhonda shook her head, "What is there to arouse you, filling yourself with
hot water? I don't get aroused when I take one for constipation, I just
have to take a shit, and right now." 

Helen-Ann said, "Look, mom, do you still intend to let me shear your pussy?"
Rhonda nodded, "And I'm still going to beat the shit out of you for that,
but what has that got to do with enemas?" 

"Both operations start in the bathroom. I'll have to use the clippers
first, before I use the razor. Just strip and get in the tub you have in
your room and I'll zip off the hairs. You can shower off the cut ones we
don't catch. When you are dry I'll get the stubble off with the razor.
You'll want to get one for yourself, so it will be handy. You can just rub
down there and see if you need a shave. If you are sure you and dad are
going to fuck, you might shave an extra time. I'll demonstrate the enema
after your pussy is bald."

Rhonda looked aghast, "Don't look like that, mom! I'm taking the enema,
you're not. I didn't mean you had to take one too, unless you really want to."

They trooped upstairs. Helen-Ann went to her room to get what she needed
and Rhonda stripped for the shaving. Soon there was a pile of hair in the
tub and Rhonda actually felt cool down there. They got as much hair into
the wastebasket as they could. Rhonda took a quick shower and using the
portable shower head, that had about a six foot hose on it, finished
cleaning off any missed hairs. She noticed that she was getting aroused by
the jets of water on her exposed pussy. It felt so good. She shut off the
shower and dried herself. Now wasn't the time to play with herself, but it
seemed like a shaved pussy had some nice side effects. 

When Rhonda was done, Helen-Ann had her lie on her back in bed, with
several pillows under her ass, and her feet spread apart. Helen-Ann got on
the bed too and started to remove the stubble with the electric razor. The
water jets on her pussy, the vibrations of the razor, the intimate scene
she had been writing for her book, the conversation with Helen-Ann, plus
the fact that the young girl was working on her most private parts all
came together to cause her to be highly aroused. 

Helen-Ann noted the lubrication that was seeping out of her mom's pussy.
Without asking, she put her head in her mom's lap and started licking.
Rhonda moaned, "No, Helen-Ann, stop that." But she was too far gone to
stop the onslaught of Helen-Ann's tongue. She tried to convince herself to
move off the bed, close her legs or do something to stop the cum she knew
wasn't too far off. She put her hands on Helen-Ann's head, with the
intention of moving the tongue along with the head, but ended up caressing
Helen-Ann's head instead. She moaned louder and pushed Helen-Ann's head
into her pussy. Helen-Ann reached up, not being able to see her target,
and found Rhonda's ample tits. She pinched them, resulting in more
moaning. "Oh, yes, yes dear. Lick me. Pinch me. I'm going to have a cum.
OH, OHH, OHHHHHHH!" Rhonda fainted.

Helen-Ann cleaned the wet area and finished up her shaving. She then
removed her own clothes and lay down next to her mom, who she had
stretched out on the bed. She reached down and found a quilt and covered
both of them. She moved to her side and stretched a leg over Rhonda. It
appeared that Rhonda had gone from her faint directly to sleep. Helen-Ann
put an arm over Rhonda and cupped a breast. She felt a bit sleepy, so she
dozed off next to her mom, holding a breast. 

An hour or so passed, and Rhonda woke up. She realized one of her breasts
was being held and she was intimately close to a nude girl. She smiled.
Her step-daughter had done to her what only her husband had ever done
before, yet it seemed so right. The younger girl had noticed her arousal
and taken direct action. She sighed, was she going to be able to do to
Helen-Ann what had been done to her? She had no experience licking
anything but her husband's dick, and it had taken a lot of courage to do
that the first time.

Why not? Helen-Ann probably needed a cum after she had done her mom.
Rhonda moved the hand that was on her breast. She rolled over so she could
pinch Helen-Ann's tits and gave one a nice pinch. They were now in an even
more intimate position. Rhonda pinched harder and Helen-Ann moaned and
muttered something. She let a hand stray to Helen-Ann's bare pussy and
started to massage the clit she recognized by feel. Helen-Ann moaned and
woke up. "Yes mom, right there. I was dreaming about having your tongue
lick me and I wake up like this." She gave Rhonda a tentative open mouth
kiss. Rhonda quickly returned the kiss, opening her mouth. Their tongues
were soon dueling.

Rhonda was panting as they broke apart, "Honey, I want to take care of you
now. I'm getting hot again, but let me return the wonderful pleasure you
gave me. Tell me what to do, honey. This is my first time." 

Helen-Ann smiled, "We were talking about enemas. Now I'll take one and you
can see how much it arouses me." She got off the bed and removed her bag
from the back-pack she had prepared. They went to the bathroom and
Helen-Ann turned on the water in the shower. "They don't make sinks for
filling enema bags. The only way is to fill it till it overflows, then get
a cup or a pot or something to transfer more water to the bag. The shower
works fine. So do most kitchen sinks. Have you ever noticed the high
'goose-neck' faucet in my bathroom? It's for filling enema bags. Ain't it
nice to be rich? I've put in three squirts of liquid 'Ivory'. I've also
got some Peppermint flavored Dr. Bronner's liquid Castile soap. Some of
that and the enema comes out smelling like Peppermint." She laughed. 

Helen-Ann looked at her mom, "Er, did you really mean what you said, mom?
I mean, are you going to lick me like I did you?" 

Rhonda kissed Helen-Ann on the lips, "Honey, what you did to me felt so
right, so loving. It isn't like I was cheating on your dad, or anything
like that. You gave me pleasure and I want to give you pleasure back."

Helen-Ann smiled, "You are going to give me a great big cum, mom, so I
need my I-V pole to hold the bag. That leaves your lovely tongue to lick
me good. Just a moment." She went to her room and carried the pole to the
master bedroom. "This way, my bag is held at the height I like it and you
are free to eat me out."

Helen-Ann filled the bag to overflowing with suds and carried it to the
pole she had set next to the bed. It hooked on so they were both
hands-free. "Notice this interesting nozzle made by Bard-Parker. You pump
the bulb and there is a balloon on the end to keep in the nozzle and the
enema. I'll lie on the edge of the bed and you can insert it. Put some K-Y
on your finger and put your finger up my ass. Oh, that feels good. Now
lube up the tip and stick the thing in my bunghole until the balloon is
just inside me. Feels like it is. Now make sure the chrome valve is closed
and pump the bulb three times only. Ah, I can feel the expansion. At first
it feels like you have to go poo-poo but soon we are going to turn on the
water and I'll have a four quart reason to feel like I have to go. Oops,
forgot the pad. In my pack there is an absorbent pad. Put it on the bed so
my bottom is in the middle. OK, now I forgot the clips. The chrome gizmo's
with the chain. I'll let you put them on me. Ouch and ouch. If I pull,
they get tighter, OHHH, like that."

Helen-Ann lay back, "I think we are about ready to start. Get between my
legs and see if you can find what you are supposed to lick. Ah, you did
and it feels so good." She stroked Rhonda's head. "Perfect mom, now I'll
turn on my water. Oh, it feels good running into me. You just keep licking
me and I'll keep filling up and playing tit-torture." Helen-Ann began to
moan, "Feels so good mom. It feels right that we do each other. Oh, I'm
getting fuller and fuller, hotter and hotter. Ouch, I really punished my
tits that time, but it's good hurt, I can't explain... Oh, yes. Yes mom,
lick my cunt, lick it. OHHH, I'm going to.... OHHHHHH." She shuddered and fainted.

Rhonda stopped licking and moved away a bit. Her whole face was covered
with Helen-Ann's lubrication, but she didn't care. She was undecided about
the nipple clips, but left them on. Helen-Ann would have to go potty
herself. Rhonda smiled, she couldn't very well take a shit for her. She
wondered if Helen-Ann had double cums, so she started to lick again. The
taste was rather nice and the smell was sort of musky, but not
objectionable. All told, she had enjoyed helping Helen-Ann to have her
cum. It was making her hot as hell too.

Helen-Ann started to wake with a wonderful feeling in her pussy. God, mom
was still licking. It felt so good. She wanted to go potty, but that just
aroused her more. She pulled on the clips and moaned, "Yes mom, I don't do
it twice in a row very often, but I think you can make me. Lick me. Oh
yes, lick me good. I'm so full. I need to shit but I need a cum even more.
I'm coming close.... I mean I'm close to cumming...... I mean....... Oh,
OHH, YES, YES, OHHHHHH." She fainted a second time. A gush of water got by
the balloon as she had her second cum. 

Rhonda removed the clips this time. Her mouth and tongue hurt, but that
was OK. Her face was smeared in Helen-Ann's juices, but she didn't mind
that either. They had brought pleasure to each other. She kissed her step
daughter on the mouth, leaving love juice behind. She massaged Helen-Ann's
tummy, not knowing if this was good or bad, but she liked the feel of the
expanded tummy. She began to wonder what an enema that big, held all this
time, would feel like. There was the bag on the pole, and all she had to
do was fill it once it was free from Helen-Ann's rear. She bet the girl
would like it if mom took one too. She felt Helen-Ann's tummy again.

So full. The skin was tight. _YES_, she would try one herself. 
Helen-Ann came to with a bad cramp. "Wow, mom, I gotta shit." She got up
and carried the bag to the potty. She sat, let out the air in the balloon
and _splat_, there was an eruption of brown water and brown material. The
pot was also filled with bubbles from the soap. 

Rhonda said, "Would you give me one too, honey? If I don't like it, it
still will be an interesting experience. Everything is set up. All we need
is some soap, some water and my asshole." 

Rhonda let Helen-Ann grease up her asshole and insert the nozzle. It did
feel like she had to go when the balloon was inflated. She lay on her back
on the pad. She put on the nipple clips. They did hurt. She pulled and
both nipples hurt more. Helen-Ann got between her legs and started to
lick, "Oh, yes honey. Here comes my water. Oh, it feels like I have to
shit right off, but I can't because of the balloon. Hurrah for balloons.
Ouch, I nearly pulled a tit off. Oh, yes dear. You lick so good and I'm so
full. I can feel the cum cumming.. YES. OH, OHHHHHHHH." It was the right
day for the girls to faint.

Rhonda woke with a cramp too, but she felt wonderful. She realized that
the reason was between her legs. Helen-Ann was still licking her, like she
had just done to the younger girl. She moaned. She was used to multiple
cums because Ross would often make her have a cum with his hands and
educated tongue, then his dick. She felt another on the way. "Oh darling
daughter, what a lovely tongue you have. Oh, OHH, YESSSSS." Away she went
into dreamland again.

She woke realizing that she had to go potty something fierce. Oh, there
was a good reason, her tummy was bloated with a gallon of soapy water.
Reason enough. "Honey, I'm too old to have two such lovely cums in a row,
please help me go potty." Helen-Ann helped her mom to the bathroom. Rhonda
sat on the throne. "Wait; how long can you hold this much water, anyway?"
She held her expanded tummy with both hands. She winced as a cramp hit her.

Helen-Ann answered, "It depends on your stamina, I guess. Also it depends
on what's happening to you, as well as your position. If you are aroused,
or fucking, or being eaten out, then even the cramps become 'good' pain,
and you can hold the enema for a long time. Also, laying down, the
pressure evens out in your colon. Sitting or standing lets the pressure
increase in the right and left sides of your colon, so you are going to
have an increased need to take a shit, and the cramps are worse." 

She shrugged, "With a three quart bag I once took the whole thing and held
it for an hour, just to see if I could. I was laying down. This bag is
four quarts, and a little more if it is filled to the brim like we did. I
can only just hold it long enough to reach the potty, if I take one for
constipation, or just for the hell of it. If I am playing, I can hold it
longer. I guess today was the longest I ever held this big a one, but you
made me have two beautiful cums. Rhonda grimaced as another cramp caused
her tummy to hurt, "I am still holding it in me. Whoosh, that last cramp
lasted a long time. How long do you think I've held it so far?"

Helen-Ann smiled, "Who was the scorekeeper, anyway?", she pretended to
look for the non-existing official. "Lazy oaf, goofing off. I guess a half
hour by now, mom. You had two cums and we have been talking for awhile.
Are you going to see if you can establish a world record?" 

Rhonda smiled, then grimaced again, "I guess this it. Look out below." She
unscrewed the valve and the nozzle shot out followed by one of the longest
continuous streams that either of them had ever observed. She was weak
kneed when she finished up and Helen-Ann helped her to lay down on her
left side. In a few minutes she got up and got rid of some more. She lay
down again. "My tummy is still in an uproar. How long will that last?" 

Helen-Ann shrugged, "Depends. That was a very full bag and you held it for
about a half hour. I'd guess another fifteen to thirty minutes. Now tell
me what you think of combining sex and enemas? Can't you just imagine
having dad's dick inside you while you fill up?" 

Rhonda smiled, "Oh, can I ever! I'll talk to your dad tonight. Even after
two cums, I think I need a spanking tonight, and he is going to want to
use my hairless crotch. If he doesn't object, I'll order the things
tomorrow. Oh, do you mind if I tell him about our, er, ah, 'making love' today?"

Helen-Ann shook her head, "Mom, I didn't do anything to you that I should
be ashamed of, nor did you do anything to me that you should be ashamed
of. God knows I don't embarrass easily. Sure, go ahead and tell dad. After
having me confront him in the nude with a busted ass, I doubt anything
will surprise him. I won't need the bag tonight. Why don't we leave it all
set up, but empty, right next to the bed where it is now. He will see it
and start a conversation. You can demonstrate what an enema does to you,
and you two can fuck with a full bag inside you." 

Helen-Ann ate alone the next morning. Apparently mom and dad had had one
hell of a night, and were sleeping late. When she returned from school,
Rhonda was at the computer, as usual, and sitting on a pillow. 

She smiled at her daughter, "Your dad didn't go to work until after lunch,
and I've had three enemas since he got home last night, the last one was
this morning about ten o'clock when we finally woke up. He told me how
much he liked making love to me when I have a full tummy. All he said
about what you and I did to each other was that he was glad we were
getting along so well. He loved my shaved pussy. He made me have so many
cums with his hands and tongue and dick that I lost count." 

Helen-Ann smiled back, "That's wonderful mom. If you want, I think you can
order your own bag today. The place is on the east coast, but I think they
will take phone orders fairly late in the day. I'll go get my notebook
with all the data on Tyler Labs in it." 






JENNY 13

This is a fictional account for those over the age of consent who are
interested in reading about spanking. Enjoy!!

Rhonda ordered the bag and nozzle. She also ordered one of the new JBL
Cascade bags that you just sat on; no hose. She had seen Helen-Ann's bag,
but hadn't tried it yet. She and Helen-Ann visited the Leather Shop for
the nipple clips and they bought an I-V pole at a medical supply store. 

When they got home Helen-Ann hugged her mom, "All the activity yesterday
and the talk today has sort of turned on my 'hot switch'. Dad gave you all
those spankings in the last two days and I haven't had one. I know that
you want to get even for the way I forced you into shaving, and the way I
kidded you when we were 'on display' for dad. Well, I guess you have the
chance right now, if you've got the time." 

Rhonda smiled, "Oh, am I going to blister your ass! Hey, let's try this.
You tie yourself to the bed and I'll use the cane, the paddle, the whip,
the strap and finish you up with the razor strop. Oh, I forgot the
hairbrush; mustnt forget anything that will hurt your ass. You go for all
that honey? Did I forget anything?"

Helen-Ann had never turned down a spanking, although this one was perhaps
going to be the most severe she had ever received. She rubbed her ass,
"Let's go mom. No, you remembered all of our toys. Oh, just one thing.
Don't you enjoy spanking me, now that you are getting used to it?" 

Rhonda laughed, "Oh, I love it, but I warn you that the more you scream
the better I like it. Get your naughty ass to your room right now, you
naughty girl. I'm going to bust your ass." 

Helen-Ann was quickly stripped and tied down. It started with the paddle,
the hairbrush, the cane, the strap, the whip and what was left of her ass
got a long session with the razor strop. 

Rhonda surveyed the battered ass in front of her. There were even some
stripes that were bleeding. She had really enjoyed herself. Helen-Ann had
a _VERY_ sore ass and was going to continue to feel this one for days. Her
daughter had cried herself out long before they got to the strop, but she
screamed up to the end and beyond.

Rhonda spoke, "Can you talk yet, naughty girl?" 

Helen-Ann shook her head.

Rhonda said, "OK, I'll cover you and come back later and see if you need
any more. I'll leave you tied to the bed." 

About an hour later Rhonda returned, "How does naughty girl feel now?" She
moved the quilt. "Gee, look at all the skin I missed. Tut, tut." She
picked up the whip and started on Helen-Ann's back. 

Her daughter's voice returned quickly, "Not there, mom. I've never been
whipped there. Ouch!"

Rhonda said, "Well, you are going to be whipped there now. When I finish
there I'm going to your things. Then I turn you over and do your tits."

Rhonda did a good job on Helen-Ann's back, then her thighs. Her daughter
struggled a little when she was turned over, but was so weak that Rhonda
had no trouble putting on the cuffs in this new position. "Oh, just look
at those nice tits sticking up." She used the cane very effectively, then
the strap on the breasts. The whip finished up the job in that area.
Helen-Ann screamed so nicely!

Rhonda thought she was through, but realized she had neglected the nice
pussy staring her in the face. She sat on Helen-Ann's bed between her legs
and gave the pussy ten good ones with the cane. More screaming. 

Rhonda recalled the story she had heard about the asshole spanking and
knew there was one place she had neglected. "Helen-Ann, I am going to do
your asshole now, then we will be through. If I release you, will you turn
over and hold your cheeks open?" Helen-Ann nodded. Soon Rhonda was between
Helen-Ann's legs, and BAAM! with the cane, right up her crack. Helen-Ann
came off the bed, screaming. She finally got back into position. BAAM!,
right on target. It took some time to finish this job, since Helen-Ann did
a screaming dance with every one. Finally she had taken ten. 

Rhonda was proud of her work, "Sweetheart, I really loved doing all that
to you. Your dad has to go on a trip next week, and I'll let you tie me to
your bed and you can do me the same way, or worse." 

Helen-Ann tried to talk, cleared her throat, and finally said, "Thank God
tomorrow is Saturday and I don't have to go to school, not that I wouldn't
love to go to gym class showing all this damage. I have a suggestion. We
get Betsy to help. She is a master with the paddle and she would love to
spank you. I know, I have an idea for a double-header some day and I asked
her. She has spanked my ass, but never your ass. You and I will both be
tied to the bed and we get it from Betsy. Jenny was bragging about the
session she and Dox had from Betsy that way. One girl uses the cuffs and
the other girl is tied to the first girl on one side and then to the bed.
How does that sound so far, mom?" 

Rhonda nodded, "Sounds hot, honey. Is Betsy that bad with the paddle?"

Helen-Ann replied, "I've gotten a few good spankings from her, and she did
a heavy duty job on Jenny and Dox. For your beating next week we can start
with a double-header from her. I'll tie you in with the cuffs and she can
tie the two of us together. Then she can untie me and hold your cheeks
apart so I can do your asshole with you tied down. It is simply too
intense to get it on your back door and not dance around." 

Rhonda shook her head, "Hey, give me a few back there. I'll bet I can take
them with less fuss than you did." She pulled her skirt off, revealing no
slip or panties. "I'll put a pillow under my tummy, and lay over the side
of the bed with my knees on the floor. That ought to give you a good shot
at my asshole."

BAAM! SCREAM! EEOUCH!

Rhonda was dancing around the room at least as vigorously as her daughter had.

Helen-Ann laughed, "She said 'a few'. Get your ass back in place, naughty
mom." Rhonda was panting, but got back in place. 

She said, "That sort-of surprised me. I'll do better with the next one and
we'll define 'few' as three for asshole spankings." 

She was in place again. With her ass cheeks held apart, Helen-Ann couldn't
think of a more tempting target. 

BAAM! SCREAM! EEOUCH!

Rhonda danced again.

"Get your naughty ass back in place, naughty mom." 

BAAM! SCREAM! EEOUCH!

Rhonda was at it again. Helen-Ann said, "I think you need thirty with the
strop for all that noise and dancing." Rhonda finally stopped dancing and
without saying a word she took off the rest of her clothes and was quickly
tied to the bed.

Helen-Ann looked at her mom's ass more carefully, "Wow, dad really did a
job on you. OK, here it comes."

SPLAT! EEEEEEEEEEOH!

SPLAT! EEEEEEEEEEOH!

Rhonda took her thirty with a good deal of screaming and thrashing about.
She remembered, when it was too late, that Ross only gave out a dozen, and
Helen-Ann was getting good with the strop on Laura's ass. Of course she
was getting them back too. She calmed down enough to ask, "How many are
you and Laura up to now?"

Helen-Ann replied, "It's funny, but during some sessions I seem to be able
to take more than others. We agreed to keep spanking until the girl on the
bottom hollers 'stop'. We are trying to build up our ability to take a big
stropping, so the number isn't fixed. One session I was really hot for a
big spanking and I took fifty three, but typically I take about forty."

Rhonda shook her head, "Another challenge. Start again and don't stop
untill I ask you to, or I faint."

Helen-Ann nodded, "OK mom. I'll count. That way you won't have to try to
count yourself, and if you are trying for a particular number, you'll know
just how many you have taken." 

SPLAT! EEEEEEEEEEOH! That was thirty one, here comes another. 

SPLAT! EEEEEEEEEEOH! That was thirty two, here comes another. 

SPLAT! EEEEEEEEEEOH! That was thirty three, here comes another. 

Rhonda screamed and cried, but she didn't say 'stop' until fifty five, two
over Helen-Ann's record.

Rhonda was still crying as Helen-Ann removed the cuffs. She gently rolled
Rhonda over and put her head in mom's lap. Immediately Rhonda opened her
legs and caressed Helen-Ann's head. It only took moments for Rhonda to
have her cum.

As soon as she recovered, Rhonda asked Helen-Ann to get on her back. This
hurt her back and her ass, but this was quickly forgotten as Rhonda licked
her. God, but she was hot. She didn't last any longer than her mom had.
Rhonda got in bed with Helen-Ann and they rolled to their sides. This hurt
Helen-Ann when her tits contacted her mom's tits. Oh, but they fit
perfectly together. Rhonda put the quilt over them and they slept, tit to
tit.

Helen-Ann told her mom that Laura was very interested in having a
girl-girl scene with her, so as soon as Ross left on his business trip
Rhonda called Laura. They talked about what they could do and decided to
restrict their spankings to the razor strop. Rhonda was getting it
occasionally from Ross, and it was pretty bad, but arousing. They made a
date for the next night at Laura's place, since she had a restraining
cross.

Laura met Rhonda in the nude, like she had Helen-Ann. Laura opened her
arms, "Get out of those clothes, honey. I need to kiss you." Rhonda
complied quickly and the two girls embraced and kissed passionately. They
finally broke and Laura said, "Let's go to the dungeon and spank each
other, then we can lick pussy."

They flipped a coin and Rhonda went first. Soon Laura had her screaming
with every lash. Rhonda took twenty two before giving in. Laura exchanged
cuffs and was on the cross quickly. Rhonda enjoyed giving Laura's ass a
good stropping. Laura took thirty before quitting. In moments they were on
the bed in the '69' position with Laura on the bottom. They licked,
pinched and felt until they both started moaning. Rhonda had her cum
first, but this drove Laura over the wall.

They rested in each other's arms for some time and finally Rhonda left,
after exchanging a sizzling kiss.

It was strange, but Helen-Ann decided she wanted a spanking from someone
new, at least that night. Rhonda was out getting spanked by Laura and dad
was on a trip. Betsy would have been glad to do her, but she wanted
someone she had never seen before. She dressed for a severe spanking.
Loose skirt, no panties, old T shirt. She drove to a fancy hotel and let
the valet park her Mercedes. She walked into the lobby, looked around and
walked out. There were several taxi cabs outside the hotel, so she spoke
to the first cabbie. She thought to herself, might as well just tell him
the truth, "I need a good spanking tonight. Do you know of someone who
does that?"

The cabbie smiled, "Sure do, Miss, but it's usually the boys asking for
that. Get in front so we can rap and we'll get out of here. I know at
least a dozen Fem Doms. Are you a novice or experienced player?" 

Helen-Ann smiled, "I once took three sessions with the razor strop. Each
session was a dozen lashes, and I was so weak kneed I had to be helped to
lay down. Less than an hour later I got six on my asshole with a cane. I
have been spanked mostly by my girlfriends, my mom and my dad. I've never
been to a professional before, so I don't know how you would rate my
experience level. My mom gave me one the other day that involved a paddle,
hairbrush, cane, strap, whip and razor strop. She did my ass, my back, my
thighs, my tits, my pussy and finished up with the asshole. Oh, I've asked
for every spanking I've ever had. I don't want you to think I am abused."
She laughed, "I guess I am some times, but like tonight, I've gone looking
for it."

"Definitely an experienced player. Let me take you to Mistress Zee, as she
calls herself. She really lays it on, from what I've heard. I've picked up
some Johns that are having trouble sitting down. You can call and I'll
come back for you, but first find out if you can get a session tonight."

He stopped in front of an old warehouse that had been converted to
business suites. "See the panel with the buttons, next to the door? Push
the one that is marked 'ZEE' and see if she answers." 

Helen-Ann went to the door and punched 'ZEE'. A woman's voice answered,
"May I help you?"

"Yes, I have a cabbie waiting to see if you could give me a spanking tonight."

Ms. Zee answered, "Sure, be happy to spank a girl's ass. I only see men's
asses all day, and sometimes all month." 

"Be right back, I have to pay the cabbie." She gave him $20, which
included a generous tip. "Give me the number to call when I've had my ass
busted. I'd guess a couple of hours." He gave her a card. 

The cabbie grinned, "I hope you get a good one lady." 

Helen-Ann went back to the door and spoke into the box. May I get in now?
The cabbie left."

"Sure, unit 108, just follow the signs. I'll buzz the door open." 

Helen-Ann followed the signs to unit 108. The door was ajar, so she pushed
it gently and it opened. A young woman of perhaps late twenties greeted
her, "I'm Mistress Zee. My, you look underage, which I suppose doesn't
really matter, but the few women clients I get are generally older by
quite a bit."

Helen-Ann smiled, with her fake ID she could pass for twenty, but being
dressed like a high school student, which she was, changed her appearance.
"I'm just a bit over eighteen." She handed Ms. Zee her driver's license.
"My husband is Spanish, so I use the name 'Elena'. At home I am
'Helen-Ann', which is too big a mouthful anyway." 

Ms. Zee handed it back, "You _are_ eighteen. Now, tell me about your
spanking experiences and I'll suggest a scene for us." 

Helen-Ann told Ms. Zee the same short story that she had told the cabbie.
Ms. Zee said, "It sounds like you are really into heavy scenes, so I guess
I don't have to ask if you mind if I mark you." 

Helen-Ann was surprised by the remark, "I don't see how you could give me
an adequate spanking _without_ marking me. I have every intention of
telling mom and dad where I was and what I got. If you do a good job, I'll
be showing my badly damaged ass to mom later on tonight. She's getting it
from a girlfriend tonight with the razor strop, and dad is out of town." 

Ms. Zee shook her head, "Sounds like a real spanking family. Would you
tell me why you came here when you can get spanked at home?" 

Helen-Ann smiled, "I'm not sure I can explain it myself, but part of it is
that I am a great experimenter. You are a professional spanker, and I'd
like to see what you can do to me that mom or dad or a friend hasn't done
to me already. Also, there is the fact that dad and mom are not available
tonight, and our friend Betsy, who is a servant, but more like a mother,
is the only one left to spank me. I wanted to try a stranger, and one who
is a professional."

Ms. Zee nodded, "Good enough. I'd suggest a scene largely based on the
single-tail whip, frequently called a 'bull' whip. I'm quite experienced
with it and it is very intense. I can do only your ass, or I can do you
almost all over, even your pussy. I have a live-in slave, so I can even
get your ass cheeks held open for a whipping on your asshole." 

Helen-Ann shuddered, "God, it hurts there, but I took ten from mom with
the cane. Yes, Mistress, I'd like your most potent whip and I'd like it
all over. You know, I'm scared of you hurting me, yet I want it." 

Ms. Zee nodded again, "I believe we will need at least an hour, which is
$200. Is that satisfactory? I do take Visa, believe it or not." 

"Yes Mistress, I have $200 here. If we go much over that, it is perfectly
all right, but I might have to use the card for the remainder. I want a
spectacular spanking; perhaps a beating is more like it. I'm not concerned
with the cost, but I still have to get back to where my car is." 

Ms. Zee shook her head, "Is your car in a safe place now? I don't want to
be worried about you driving home. Can't you have the cab drive you
there?"

"Certainly Mistress. You apparently don't think I should drive after our
session? Oh, the car is OK. I left it at a hotel." 

"I could judge that better later, of course, but I'd prefer to know you
won't have to drive. That way I can go to your limits and perhaps a little
beyond."

She smiled, "I'll take your advice. Oh, is this a reliable cabbie?" She
handed Ms. Zee the card.

She nodded, "Yes, Jonnie is OK. I've only met him briefly on the rare
occasions when clients need help to walk. I have quite a few repeat
customers who use him. Shall we get started? I'm anxious to find out just
how much you can take."

She led Helen-Ann into a 'play room' with several kinds of bondage
equipment. "Strip, and I'll try you in the sling first, to get your ass
warmed up, then we'll see where we go from there." 

Helen-Ann stripped and was helped into the sling, which allowed her ass to
hang out. Her hands were strapped above her head and her feet as well. Ms.
Zee took off her robe, revealing nothing underneath. "Is your ass ready
Elena?"

"Yes mistress. I'm scared Mistress, but beat the shit out of me." 

ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!

The first lash hit her ass. The bull whip certainly _was_ very intense.

ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!

This was worse than even the razor strop from Roycee, but it was just what
Helen-Ann wanted.

ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!

Ms. Zee continued the whipping until Helen-Ann's ass resembled raw meat.
Her slave had come in to watch when she heard the screams. Ms. Zee said,
"Let's put her on the spanking horse." It took the three of them to
transfer Helen-Ann to the horse. She was unable to assist very much. 

ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!

Her back this time!

ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!

After some dozen lashes Helen-Ann's back was a mess too, 

ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!

Her right thigh.

ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!

Her left one.

ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!

Her right arm.

ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!

Her left one. Oh, God, the slave was opening up her ass cheeks. 

ZIP! Nooooooo, ARGHHHHHHHH!

Her asshole was thoroughly cooked.

They managed to move her to a cross, with her front exposed for the whip.

ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!

Her left tit felt like it was ruined for life. 

ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!

Now her right one.

ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH! Nooooooo.

The whip hit her firmly on the pussy. The slave took an active role. She
went in from the back and caned Helen-Ann on the ass, over the marks of
the whip. Short, vicious taps that hurt terribly. Then on her back, her
tits and pussy. Ms. Zee saw some unmarked flesh on the front side of
Helen-Ann's thighs.

ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!

She soon fixed that. They took her off the cross and put very heavy cuffs
on her ankles. They wrapped cloth around her ankles first. They connected
her to an electric winch in the ceiling and in no time she was in
upside-down suspension. Her wrists were cuffed and roped to the floor. Ms.
Zee and the slave went all over her again. Her ass got it, her back, her
thighs, her tits and her pussy. If it wasn't the whip it was the cane.

Ms. Zee spoke, "Almost finished, dear. You have done _very_ well." The
slave and Ms. Zee went around back. This time Ms. Zee held open her ass
cheeks and the slave hit her asshole with the cane. 

BAAM! EEEEEEEOUCH! Nooooooo

BAAM! EEEEEEEOUCH! Nooooooo

BAAM! EEEEEEEOUCH! Nooooooo

BAAM! EEEEEEEOUCH! Nooooooo

At fifteen lashes Helen-Ann fainted. She came to in another room. It
seemed she hurt everywhere. The slave was with her, "That was a more
intense scene that I have seen a girl take." She tentatively kissed
Helen-Ann on the mouth. She was kissed back. "I hope you will come again."

Ms. Zee entered, "I called for your cab. I went way over the hour, but I
enjoyed myself so much that I won't charge you. Will you please come back?
I put two of our cards in your fanny pack, along with the cabbie's card.
I'll get the wheel chair and Penny will help you dress. We will deliver
you to your cab."

Helen-Ann could hardly talk, "T-t-thank y-y-you M-M-Mistress." 

There was a buzzer going off briefly. Ms. Zee picked up a phone. It was
the cabbie. They wheeled her out of the suite and stopped next to the cab.
"Hi Jonnie. Elena had quite a session, so you are to drive her home." She
took Helen-Ann's license and gave it to him. "That's the address, Jonnie.
Be careful of bumps, right now she is rather fragile." It took
their combined efforts to get her into the front seat.

	Jonnie said little as he drove, realizing what pain she was in.

	"J-Jonnie, she was very good. I hurt everywhere. I finally fainted
right at the end. They were using a cane on my asshole. I don't know how
many I took. I lost track at ten."

	Jonnie replied, "I've never seen them use a wheelchair to get a 
client to the cab." He shook his head. "Excuse me being nosy, but this
address is in a very ritzy part of town."

	Helen-Ann smiled, "I'm not in disguise. It says 'Elena Rodriguez'
on my ID, but I am Ross Sargent's daughter, and I'm known as Helen-Ann at
home."

	Jonnie shook his head, "Isn't he the guy worth over a billion?"

	She nodded, "I'm worth about 100 mil myself, from my grandparents'
estate. Poor little rich girl." She had tears running down her cheeks. "I
am married, but Carlos left me when he found out."

	"Is the guy nuts? He finds he has married an heiress and pulls
out? Besides, you are put together just right kid. Any man would be proud
to be married to you."

	"Thanks Jonnie. I wish I could convince Carlos of that. He thinks
he is not good enough for me."

	They arrived at the gates. The remote was in the Mercedes. "Would
you please use the phone? See if you can get Rhonda, I'd hate for Betsy to
see me like this."

	Jonnie went to the phone and soon the gates opened. He drove to the
house where a concerned Rhonda was waiting. Jonnie spoke to her, "The
little lady is OK, I mean not in an accident or anything."

	Helen-Ann laughed weakly, "No accident; done on purpose. I got beat
up by a real professional. I'll challenge you to go to her, when I can
walk, but that doesn't seem to be right now."

	It took the two of them to get Helen-Ann to the elevator, which was
seldom used. It had been installed for a long departed relative. This got
her to the second floor, and she managed to wobble to her room with help
from Rhonda and Jonnie.

	"Please pay Jonnie, and give him a nice tip. He took me there and
got me back. The car is at the Plaza Hotel. We can get it tomorrow.
Jonnie, come here." She embraced him and kissed him on the cheek. "We'll
give you a call next time I need my ass busted. Thanks again."

	Once Jonnie had departed, Rhonda helped Helen-Ann to undress. "Is
there any place she missed? I've never seen such a mess."

	"Yeah, she didn't go below the knees. Look at all that unmarked
flesh. She must be slipping. How was your session with Laura?"

	Rhonda smiled, "Great. I didn't take as many as I wanted with the
strop, but we, er, made love later."

	"Mom, you mean you ate each other out."

	Rhonda laughed, "Did we ever. I wonder if I could take as much as
you did tonight?"

	"Mom, there is only one way to find out. I challenge you."

	Rhonda replied, "I accept, but right now I'm concerned about you.
Are you going to sleep standing up? Any other position is going to hurt."

	Helen-Ann said, "I rarely use pills, but I need some sleep to
recover. Please bring me the box from my top drawer over there. Thanks.
OK, I'm going to sleep on my side, which is not as raw as my front or back.
I sprained my ankle about a year ago and I've got pain pills and sleeping
pills I used then. Here we are. May I have a glass of water, please?"

	She took her pills, "Please let me sleep off the pills. I'm going
to miss at least some classes tomorrow, but I might be able to show up for
gym and shock some of my friends. See you tomorrow, and thanks mom."






JENNY 14

Rhonda smiled, "Great. I didn't take as many as I wanted with the strop,
but we, er, made love later."

"Mom, you mean you ate each other out."
Rhonda laughed, "Did we ever. I wonder if I could take as much as you did tonight?"
"Mom, there is only one way to find out. I challenge you." 

Rhonda replied, "I accept, but right now I'm concerned about you. Are you
going to sleep standing up? Any other position is going to hurt." 
Helen-Ann said, "I rarely use pills, but I need some sleep to recover.
Please bring me the box from my top drawer over there. Thanks. OK, I'm
going to sleep on my side, which is not as raw as my front or back. I
sprained my ankle about a year ago and I've got pain pills and sleeping
pills I used then. Here we are. May I have a glass of water, please?" 

She took her pills, "Please let me sleep off the pills. I'm going to miss
at least some classes tomorrow, but I might be able to show up for gym and
shock some of my friends. See you tomorrow, and thanks mom." 

Helen-Ann slept until almost noon. Rhonda checked on her occasionally.
When she woke she found she could at least walk. She dressed about the
same as last night, nothing tight. She noticed she even had a whip mark on
her face. Apparently Ms. Zee had let the whip wrap a bit when she was
doing her upper back. She got down stairs and found Rhonda reading the
paper in the kitchen. "Hi, mom. I'll fix a late breakfast of cold cereal.
My appetite isn't all that hot." She found the makings and sat gingerly on a pillow.

"Mom, would you be willing to take me to school for gym class? I'd _love_
to show the damage off in the locker room. The exercise will probably be
good for me too. You can come too. Miss Hunt lets parents use the pool, as
long as they don't come too often, and you never have. We don't use suits,
but I guess I told you that." 

Rhonda smiled, "Honey, _my_ ass is marked too, but not as bad as yours."
Helen-Ann smiled, "I don't care if we both show off our asses, if you
don't. That would be cool. We'll show my friends that we both take it on our ass."

Rhonda smiled, "Why not? Have you ever seen a mom my age there?" 
Helen-Ann shook her head, "Once I introduce you, you'll blend in with the class."

Later Helen-Ann introduced her mom to Miss Hunt. They both went to the
locker room, "Girls, Romans, whatever, I'd like you to meet my mom Rhonda.
Please don't call her Mrs. Sargent, it makes her feel old." She and Rhonda
stripped and closed the locker.

"OH, my God! What happened to you, Helen-Ann?" It was one of her friends.
Another noticed Rhonda, "Must be catching. Mrs...., I mean Rhonda looks
like she has a sore ass too."

Helen-Ann laughed and took Rhonda's hand, "Inspection time. They both bent
over and stayed that way until every girl had looked at their sore asses.
"Mom got it from a friend and I went to a Professional. You can look at my
sore asshole later, but don't miss the marks on my tits and pussy.

Another girl piped up, "Jesus, Helen-Ann, you got whipped everywhere.
There is even a mark on your face." 

Helen-Ann nodded, "The girl was very good with the bull whip, but I think
the lash on my face was an accident, when she did my back, or maybe it was
my tits." Hey, lets go swim."

Helen-Ann was sore, but got in some exercise. So did her mom, who was soon
chatting with the girls. Miss Hunt spoke to Helen-Ann, "I have seen your
well spanked ass before, as well as Jenny's and Dox's, but you look like
you were hit all over. Your mom seems to have a sore ass, but she wasn't
spanked that badly."

"No, Miss Hunt. A girlfriend did mom, but I decided to try a real
Professional Dominant last night. I've never gone to a Pro before, and she
was very good. I even have a sore asshole, which I'll show you." She
turned, held open her ass cheeks and bent over." 

Miss Hunt shook her head, "I don't understand why any of the three of you
do this. I can understand you getting spanked for being naughty, but It
seems that all three of you actually _like_ to be spanked." 

Helen-Ann shook her head, "I can't explain why we turn on to pain. In many
cases it is sexual, but my pussy is so sore I can't even play with myself,
but I bet I will as soon as I can. I know that both Dox and Jenny like to
play after a good one. Mom and our friend did each other last night."

Miss Hunt seemed to have lost her voice, "Er, ah, she and her friend did what?"
"They used their hands and tongue, Miss Hunt. Sometimes I lick mom and she
does me back. We have pleasure, are hurting no one, and see nothing wrong
with it. When we spank each other we hurt the other and get hurt back, but
it is purely consensual."

Miss Hunt shook her head, "I think I need a good course in human sexuality."
Helen-Ann nodded, "It's too bad that sex ed in school is just a biology
class. They leave out the fun parts, and if you are bi-sexual, like Jenny,
mom, myself and many friends, there _are_ no classes." 

She went back to swimming. Later they showered. Helen-Ann was approached
by three friends, "Er, Helen-Ann, would you mind showing off your rear end
again. I mean, your, ah, private part." 

Helen-Ann answered, "Sure. I should charge, you know. Mistress Zee got
$200 to beat the shit out of me." She leaned down and held open her ass
cheeks. "You are welcome to fell my rear, including the asshole, if you
want to. Just be gentle, I'm still very sore. My ass will feel hot and I
don't know what the asshole will feel like, I've never felt it on Jenny." 

One girl was bolder than the others and put her hand on Helen-Ann's ass
cheeks. She hesitated, then felt into her crack. Finally her touch reached
the rosebud. "I can't see who it is, but I like that. Come on, I'm
perfectly clean back there and how often do you get a chance to feel a
whipped asshole?" Soon other hands were on her back door. This seemed to
propagate throughout the room, and everyone had to touch her down there. 
Rhonda spoke up, "Does anyone have a paddle in their locker? You would
take a couple on your cheeks, wouldn't you, Helen-Ann? Just for a demo."

One girl hollered, "I know where they are kept. I'll be right back." She
was back soon, but it was no ping-pong paddle. Rather it was a heavy table
tennis paddle.

Helen-Ann shook her head, "Go ahead mom, but two or three of you be ready
to catch me." She bent down and held her ankles. 
SPLAT! SCREAM!

Helen-Ann fell forward, but was caught by several other girls. 
Rhonda spoke, "One more, honey?" Her daughter nodded and got in position.
SPLAT! SCREAM!

She fell again. This time she was weak kneed but held by one girl. She was
surprised when the girl held her close and kissed her on the lips. She
kissed back and embraced the girl, Christine. They were panting when they
broke up. Helen-Ann said, "I didn't know, Chris. Would you come to the
house some time?"

Chris smiled, "Should I wear a loose skirt, no panties and bring a pillow,
like I did at Jenny's Granddad's place for the stropping? Actually, I got
it from Roycee, which they say was worse. Well, you took it from both of
them, and I think you said that."

Helen-Ann smiled, "Why, of course, Chris. I'll give you a card. It has my
private number and the house number. Be prepared to stay overnight, if
it's a weekend. You can get your ass warmed the next morning too. As far
as Roycee is concerned, she is the only person to hurt me more than the
Pro I went to last night."

Rhonda and Helen-Ann dressed and left. Rhonda asked, "You found another
kinky girl, it looks like.

"Mom, there are a lot of us, and I include you. The problem is that many
won't admit it, even to their husband or wife. So when do you want to get
beat up? I guess not right off, with dad coming back tomorrow." 

Rhonda shook her head, "Ross called earlier today. I forgot to tell you.
He is stuck in Rome, or was it Paris? Whatever, his business got extended,
so he has meetings through at least Tuesday. If I could get beat up
tonight, I'd at least be walking straight by the time he gets back.
Besides, let's do it before I chicken."

"OK, mom. Oh, am I going to have fun watching! I'll call as soon as I get
back. I can drive now, so stop and I'll pick up the Merc." 

Helen-Ann called as soon as they got home, "May I help you?" was what she heard on the line.
"I hope so, this is Elena. I talked mom, well actually she is my step-mom,
into having a session with you. Dad is still away so she'd like it
tonight, if you have the time. I'm still recovering, but I can drive her.
I picked up my Merc at the hotel."

"Well, hi Elena. Is that a Mercedes? We have a locked and alarmed parking area."
"Year, my jalopy is a Mercedes. Mistress, I am the daughter of Ross
Sargent. We aren't exactly broke."

"Not when your dad is worth over a billion. Is 8 PM OK for your mom? I've
got a 6 PM and I know the guy. It will take me a good hour and some to
satisfy him, and he will be having trouble walking too." 

"That's fine Mistress. I'll buzz you at 8 and you or your slave can show
us where to park the Merc."

Rhonda was getting more and more nervous as they approached the old
warehouse. "Oh, shit but I'm scared. I saw what she did to you. Were you scared too?"
"Yeah, I was mom. I'd never been to a Pro before either. Besides, I knew I
was looking for a severe session. Mistress Zee is real nice, but real
vicious with the whip." She pulled in and buzzed the intercom. Soon they
had the car parked and were coming in from the back. 

Helen-Ann introduced the two girls. Ms. Zee embraced Elena and her mom
warmly, "I see you can walk today, Elena. I must be slipping." She
laughed. "Rhonda, take a seat. Elena, you may have a pillow for yours."
Now I need to know what your spanking experience is Rhonda." 
Rhonda explained briefly. Ms. Zee said, "You are much less experienced
than Elena, particularly when it comes to heavy scenes. I'd recommend we
just put you in inverted suspension, do your ass real well, then we can
ask if you can take it on your back and front." 

Rhona replied, "OK, but I hope I can take as much as Helen-Ann got last
night, or close to it. Is your nickname 'Elena', honey?" 

"Yeah, mom, one of them. I go with a Mexican guy sometimes, and his family
can't handle my name. Let's get to your ass, mom." 

Soon Rhonda stripped and they had her hanging from the ceiling, upside-down.
ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!
ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!
ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!

Ms. Zee stopped briefly, "Rhonda, would you like it if I finished up your
ass, but Elena worked on your front?" 

Rhonda nodded. She was already beyond coherent speech. Elena picked up a
cat, similar to theirs. She slipped a mask on Rhonda for eye protection.
ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!
On her ass.

SPLAT! EEEEEEEOUCH!
On her tits.

ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!
On her ass.

SPLAT! EEEEEEEOUCH!
On her tits.

Ms. Zee moved to her back.
ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!

Elena still worked on her tits.
SPLAT! EEEEEEEOUCH!
A good tit shot.

Splat! EEEEEEEOUCH! NOOOOOOO!
Elena hit her pussy.

Between the two, they reduced Rhonda to raw meat. Ms. Zee did her tits and
pussy with the bull whip, and Elena moved to her ass and back with the
cat. They didn't miss her thighs, either. Rhonda finally moaned and fainted.

They took her down and laid her on the bed in the next room. After about
ten minutes she awoke and shook her head, pointing to her rear. She
muttered something, but it was not intelligible. Finally, she got both
hands behind her and pulled apart her ass cheeks. "Look, Mistress, she
wants her asshole whipped."

They helped her back to the dungeon, and tied her over a padded bench. The
slave girl held her crack open, and..... 
ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH! NOOOOOOOO!
ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH! NOOOOOOOO!

Elena got into the act with the cane too. Rhonda must have taken about
twenty on her rosebud, and vicinity, when she moaned again and fainted once more.
Elena spoke, "I think that mild little session is probably enough for mom,
until she comes back again." She laughed. 

It was some time before Rhonda was conscious and even later when she could
talk. She nodded when asked if she had enough. They dressed her, got her
in the wheelchair and into the car. 

Ms. Zee spoke, "Elena, you like to be spanked. Would you be willing to get
it from a strange man, as long as I was there?" 

Helen-Ann rubbed her ass, "Whee, that might be very interesting. I just
have one request, if it isn't enough, will you finish me up?" 
Ms. Zee laughed, "Sure honey." She kissed Helen-Ann on the lips and
quickly this turned into a passionate embrace. They finally parted, "I was
wondering if you were bi, and I can tell you are." 

Helen-Ann got into the car, "We both are, Mistress, and I'd love to play
some time. I'd need some notice on the spanking, since I play with mom and
some friends. Then dad does my ass whenever I ask him to, so I want to be
able to take a good one from your client." 

"Sure honey, I have a few regular clients who are strictly tops. Penny
usually acts as my bottom, and I have been known to let a few clients I
know real well, do me too. Penny has a boyfriend now, and she is off about
half the time. Besides, you are very young and very beautiful, which my clients like."

Helen-Ann had a helluva time getting Rhonda to walk. Finally she gave up,
let Rhonda lay on her side on the grass and got Betsy. "Honey, last night
I got beat up by a Pro and mom got it tonight. You are welcome to look,
but we need to get Rhonda to her room first and her legs aren't working
any better than mine were last night, but we had a cab driver to help. I
can't even get her into the house." 

Betsy laughed, "We aren't good enough for you two anymore. Sure, lets get
her to the bedroom."

Between the two of them they got the staggering Rhonda to her bed. When
they removed her clothes Betsy said, "Pro is right! That's a beating, not
a spanking. Did you look as bad?"

Helen-Ann quickly stripped, "I may look worse than Rhonda, because a lot
of the whip marks are badly discolored. She will be tomorrow, too." 
Rhonda found her voice, "T-that was terrible. I fainted twice. Look in my
crack." She moaned as she turned over and the bedclothes rubbed her
damaged tits. She tried to hold herself open for inspection, finally Betsy helped her.

Betsy clucked over the marks, "Real heavy duty beating." 

Helen-Ann got the pills and gave one each to Rhonda, "Watch her tomorrow,
please, but she should sleep until about noon." 

The next day Christine looked her up, "Do you suppose you would like to
play tonight? I can stay over. I even tossed in my toothbrush, just in
case you said 'yes' to my request. I don't even have to go home, just call."
"Sounds good, honey. Just recall that my pussy is still very sore and I
may not be able to stand have you licking me. I'll take care of you with
the whip and tongue."

Later that evening Chris was tied to the bed and spanked on the ass with
everything they had. Rhonda helped. Chris wasn't in as bad a shape as
Rhonda and Helen-Ann, but her ass was sore as hell. Helen-Ann licked her
while Rhonda pinched tits and they soon brought her to a lovely cum. 
Helen-Ann took a four quart enema, while Chris was able to gently lick
her. Rhonda pinched tits again. Helen-Ann spurted a bit as she had her
cum. After she was empty, they filled up Rhonda. Chris licked and
Helen-Ann pinched. Rhonda had her cum.

Chris had to leave early, so for something different, they had Betsy give
Chris her famous treatment with the big paddle. Poor Chris needed a
pillow, but couldn't admit it her folks. 

Almost a week went by and Helen-Ann got a call from Ms. Zee, "Honey, I
have a session for Saturday afternoon. Would your ass be ready?" 
Helen-Ann laughed, "Sure Mistress. I still have marks, but it is OK for a
spanking. It has been neglected since I saw you, so I'm in the mood." 

On Saturday Elena was introduced to a middle aged man in a business suit.
He was named Carl, "I understand you are not a professional bottom, young lady."
"That's correct Carl. I have been a client once and brought my mom here
once. I'm spanked quite a bit, and have a high threshold for pain. Just
what do you have in mind for a scene?" 

"All four of us strip. Then you are restrained, spanked by Mistress Zee
until you have been nicely warmed up, and I will give you a number of
spanks myself. Finally, Mistress Zee spanks me while Penny spanks you. I
play with myself and have a cum." 

Elena nodded, it didn't really sound very heavy, "Alright Carl. My
safeword is 'safeword', which I have never used. Let's go, I haven't been
spanked in over a week and my ass is very cold." 

Soon they had her over the spanking horse and Penny started with a cane.
Ms. Zee used the cat. Nothing like the previous session, but her ass was
definitely warming up. She only screamed a few times. Carl had a nice
erection, and took over. He was not as bad as Ms. Zee, but worse than
Penny. She screamed with most of his spanks. She could hear Carl getting
the whip. He grabbed a paddle, and he got worse. She was screaming with
every blow. She could hear both girls spanking Carl. He grunted and she
felt cum flying over her ass. "Sorry, I couldn't restrain myself." 

Elena shrugged, a little cum on her skin wouldn't hurt her. Penny rushed
for the Kleenex and soon had her ass clean and the cuffs off. 

Carl said, "Elena, you look familiar, do you work at a Mexican restaurant?
I think it is named El Pico De Gallo." 

She smiled, "Yes and no. I was never an employee, but my husband runs the
family business. Mom and dad don't even know I am married. It all blew up
when Carlos found out who I really was. My dad is Ross Sargent. At home I
am Helen-Ann Sargent, but 'Helen-Ann' doesn't work in Spanish. 'Elena' is
close, and I like it. I've legally dropped my whole name and am simply
'Elena Rodriguez', but nobody at home knows that." 

Carl nodded, "I've seen you with your father at charity balls. I was
introduced once. I'm chairman of Kitteridge Holdings, and that's my last
name, since I am the founder."

Elena smiled, "Of course. The ball was at the Plaza Hotel about six months
ago. What a coincidence."

Carl shook his head, "Is this Carlos crazy? A beautiful wife and all that money?"
"Carl, I lied a lot to him, because I was falling in love and sensed he
would back off if he knew how far apart our backgrounds were. I even lied
to him about my age. I've got fake ID, which is easy to get if you have
the money. I was only sixteen when we married. I'm just eighteen now."

She laughed, "Dad spanks me when I ask him, and I have every intention of
telling him I was here today, but I won't mention your name. I'm not sure
he would understand. He really doesn't understand why I need to be
spanked. I'm not sure I do either, but I accept it. Fortunately my new
step-mom likes spankings too. We spank each other and dad spanks both of
us. Mistress Zee is much worse."

Ms. Zee noticed that Elena had not dressed as Carl departed, "Why do I
think your ass hasn't been busted enough?" 

They were both still nude, so Elena got on her knees and kissed Ms. Zee on
the pussy, "Please, Mistress, whip my ass with the bull whip." 

Penny helped, so she was soon upside-down. 
ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!
ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!
ZIP! EEEEEEEOUCH!

Ms. Zee never got Elena to use her safeword, so she finally stopped when
Elena's ass started to bleed. "Honey, that will have to be it for today.
Your ass is bleeding. Penny and I will give you a quick going over, but
I've got another appointment, and you drove here." 

They both attacked her with the cat and cane. Her back was hurting, her
tits were hurting and they had briefly done her pussy. She was staggering
when they let her down, and very well spanked. She got on her knees and
kissed Ms. Zee on the pussy, then Penny, who moaned. "Thank you both. Let
me know when Carl needs another cum." 

Laura worked with Stella for over two months getting ready for her new
position. She found both Stella and her new boss, Steve Blankenship, to be
very nice people. They kidded her mercilessly when she used her soft
pillow. Stella retired and gave birth to a healthy son, which made her and
her husband very happy.

Day-by-day Laura was getting closer and closer to falling in love with
Steve, but he seemed to be immune. He was very nice, very polite, kidded
her about her pillow, but never made any overtures at all. Laura decided
to see if she couldn't shake him up a bit. She knew that he would say
something if she used the pillow, but she wanted a really well spanked ass
to show him, if her plans worked. She had a leather paddle that was quite
nasty, so she put it in a paper bag and took it to work. She stashed it a
file folder in one of the filing cabinets, under the "P" section. She got
brave and typed up a label 'PADDLE' for the folder. 

She carefully picked a target day that Steve had no special duties early
in the morning. He usually got to work early, and she was more inclined to
get there right on time. She planned to get there very early. 

She talked over her plan with Rhonda, so they scheduled a session with the
razor strop the night before the 'Big Day'. They were slowly working up
towards forty, or more, resulting in Laura using her pillow the next day.
She had taken the forty, but Rhonda was only up to thirty. After a good
spanking she didn't wear panties anyway, but sometimes she wore a slip.
The next day she dispensed with it too, since she wanted to be able to
drop her skirt and let Steve see everything down below. Steve gave her a
hard time, as expected, "Hey Laura, do you need any more today?" Oh, that
was an absolutely ideal start!

Laura promptly said, "Yes Steve, I do." She went to the filing cabinet and
removed a legal-sized envelope. "Right this way please." She went into his
private office and locked the door. "Sit on that chair.", indicating a
straight backed office chair with no arms. He sat and she removed the
leather paddle from the envelope and handed it to him, pulled off her
skirt, revealing that she was nude below the waist, and placed herself
across his lap.

Steve stared at the naked ass in front of him and said, "My God Laura,
your bottom is a mess. Youre kidding me, right?." 

Laura was a bit tired of his ribbing. So she was kinky, and liked a good
spanking at least once a week. So what? That was _her_ kink. She shook her
head, "Steve, you have been kidding me about my spankings for months, now
_do_ something about it. At least improve this one. Give me fifty good
ones with the paddle, and right now. If I don't scream, they weren't hard
enough. Ignore my crying." He did nothing. 

"Shit, Steve, I _WANT_ you to spank me. How plain can I get? Do I have to
plead with you?"





JENNY 15

Splat "Steve, please give me a fucking _SPANKING_. 
Splat Grunt "Harder, harder, you are supposed to _HURT_ me." 
Splat! Scream! "Better, better. Fifty like that, or harder. 
Splat! Scream! She started to cry.
Splat! Scream! She stuck her ass up for another. 
Splat! Scream! "Oh, yes, sweetheart. Spank me." 

Steve gave her what she asked for. After the fifty she was limp across his
lap, crying. Steve lifted her and turned her over, holding her in his lap.
He succumbed to a desire he had the first time he met her, and kissed her
on the lips. She moaned and kissed him back. They both opened their lips
and dueled with tongues. They finally broke apart panting breathlessly.

Steve held her close, "God, Laura, I've wanted to do that for months. I
think I'm falling in love."

Laura smiled, "I've been in love with you for months. What took us so long?"
Steve sighed, "You are aware that I am divorced. I was badly burned and
I've been very alone ever since. I haven't even dated. Besides, there is
the guy that has been spanking you. I figured you were already taken."

Laura smiled, "You will never guess who gave me the one last night, so
I'll tell you. It was Rhonda, Ross Sargent's wife. I took forty and she
gave up at thirty, but I've got more experience spanking, and probably
hurt her as much with the thirty as she hurt me with the forty. We'll try
again. Do you remember the first day I was working with Stella? I was
sitting on my pillow that day too, but that was before you two started to
give me a hard time. You'll never guess who gave me that one either; it
was Ross himself. I had been assigned to find a razor strop to spank
Helen-Ann. I found several, but I had to go to shops all over the state to
do it. For a joke, he asked me to have the best one gift wrapped and bring
it to his place on Saturday. Helen-Ann was so pleased with it that she had
to have a spanking immediately. Ross did her, then Rhonda volunteered and
finally he did me."

She kissed him again, "The only men to spank me in over a year are Ross
and Jake Knox, who is the father of Ellen Blackwell. He is pushing
seventy, but still can do more damage to my ass with a dozen than Rhonda
can with forty. Ellen and her husband Carl do legal work for Ross
Industries, and I think you have met them. I met Jake through Ellen's
daughter, Jenny, who is into spankings too. Helen-Ann and I have nice
girl-girl scenes quite often."

"Steve, I am bi-sexual, and I am sure I will continue to be, but I very
much need a man in my life. You are welcome to be him, if you want." 
He said, "I want very much. We had better get you dressed before we have
visitors. May I take you to dinner this evening?" 

Laura smiled, "Yes dear, and you can have me for desert. Oh, I'm afraid I
left a wet spot on your pants. The spankings always leave me hot as hell,
then the kissing just made it worse" 

Steve looked at his lap, and sure enough, she had left some lubrication.
"That calls for a spanking after dinner, sweetheart." 

Laura kissed him passionately on the lips, "Naturally, darling." 
Somehow they got through the day. When you were falling in love and knew
that you were going to fuck for the first time later on, it was hard to
concentrate on anything else.

They went to a small Italian restaurant near Laura's home. They talked a
lot about each other since they both had so much to learn. They found
their likes were very similar, except Steve had never considered himself
kinky and Laura had kinky experiences since childhood. 

She admitted to Steve that she had intentionally annoyed her parents when
she was only about seven years old, so they would give her a spanking. A
nice temper tantrum invariably resulted in a nice spanking. She always
seemed to choose a time for her tantrums when her parents were alone with
her, no one was expected for a visit and her parents were well rested.
She laughed at her own story. Maybe it was her good timing that finally
alerted her parents. They realized that she enjoyed spankings when she was
about twelve. It was dad that usually spanked her and he confronted her
one day during her tantrum and before her spanking. He told her that they
would spank her as much as she wanted, as long as she wanted, if she would
admit the truth. Her tantrum disappeared as if by magic. She quickly took
off her clothes, kissed dad and asked him for a good spanking, with lots
of screams and tears. He gladly complied. After that her attitude changed
completely, because all she had to do was ask either mom or dad and they
would warm her bottom all she wanted. Her case and Helen-Ann's were very
similar, in many respects, but it had taken Ross much longer to realize
what his daughter needed, and he had to literally have it shoved in his face.

Laura invited Steve to see her dungeon, and give her another spanking. Her
rear really didn't need another one tonight, but her kinky hormones sure
as hell did. "Down here darling. I've got the whole basement devoted to
kinky play. First, we both know what we are going to do after the
spanking, and I'm going to take off all my clothes anyway. Why not join me
in the nude, then we can fuck just as soon as my spanking is over. I warn
you, I can get very aroused by a good spanking, so the first time is going
to be fast. After that we can recover a bit and really make love." 

Steve laughed as he undressed, "Do you think I am going to last very long
our first time?"

Laura was in the nude before Steve, and put on the cuffs. She clipped the
leg cuffs to the cross, then one wrist cuff, "Do the last clip, darling,
then fasten the body strap. I left the razor strop on the bed. You keep
the count; after about twenty I tend to get a bit woozy headed. I'll take
all I can, but remember that I had forty last night, then my mean boss
gave me fifty with the paddle this morning." 

"Hit my ass hard, sweetheart, I love the pain in my ass." 
SPLAT! EEEEEEEEEEOH! "OH, that was good." 
SPLAT! EEEEEEEEEEOH! "More just like that." 
SPLAT! EEEEEEEEEEOH! "Oh, yes, spank me." 

She took twenty, twenty five, screaming and crying. At thirty she told
Steve to stop. He gave her one more with everything he had. 

SPLAT! EEEEEEEEEEOH! EEEEEEEEEEOH! EEEEEEEEEEOH! 

Steve took her off the cross and helped her to the bed. She cried out as
he put her on her back; her ass hurt even worse, "Put it in me darling.
Sweetheart, I can't wait another second. OHH, yes. All the way.
OHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" She had a lovely cum as he hit bottom. He pistoned in and
out, she met every deep thrust with an upward thrust of her own. He
moaned, and they had a lovely mutual cum.

They had several more before morning, then one more for breakfast. 
They couldn't stand to be apart, so they were married a week later. 

Rhonda and Helen-Ann were talking one day. Helen-Ann said, "Did you tell
me once that dad had been your only lover?" 

Rhonda smiled, "Very first, complete with blood on the sheet. We were at a
motel, registered under some name like Don Ross and wife. Ross gave the
cleaning girl $20 for a tip to forget which room it came from. The girl
just laughed and said, "What sheet? And made it disappear." 

Helen-Ann replied, "Would you believe I fucked thirty one men in one day?"
Rhonda gasped, "How could you?"

Helen-Ann explained, "In the first place I spent a small fortune of dad's
money when I was about sixteen. I had false ID, that claimed I was
nineteen. I went to a hospital specializing in microsurgery and had
stainless steel plugs put in my tubes. I had been fucking around a lot and
was afraid something would go wrong and I'd get pregnant. The operation is
one of the only methods that is 100% sure, but reversible. I suppose some
day I'll want kids, and I can have the tubes unblocked at the same hospital.

Helen-Ann shook her head, remembering her experiences, "I read somewhere
that prostitutes could fuck as many as twenty or thirty men in one
evening, so I thought I'd try it. I drove to a fancy hotel and parked.
Then I took a cab. I gave the driver $20 for a tip and told him that was
over and above his meter. I wanted to go to the nicest, fanciest whore
house in town. He knew them all, I'm sure, and the one he took me to was a
whole house, in a good part of town. I got to talk to the Madam, and
explained that I wanted to be one of her girls for one night, the busiest
night in the week, which is Saturday, by the way. I gave her a $100 tip
and told her to keep the money I would make from the 'Johns'." 

Helen-Ann was remembering that evening, "She sent me to a specialty store
and I had an outfit made for prostitutes. It was cut deep in front of my
pussy. I started to have my pubic hair cut back so it wouldn't stick out
beyond the outfit, but I decided to have a total shave down there. I'm
sure you have noticed that I still keep it that way to this day. The back
revealed about 90% of my ass, it was cut so high. The top looked demure,
but there were two round holes over my nipples, so they were perfectly
visible. I got a set of nipple clips that had adjustable tension, so I
could wear them for hours." She was quiet for a few moments recalling the experience.

"I put on the whole outfit at home, then put an opera cloak on, which made
it all invisible. I got there about 2 PM, when the afternoon crowd was
there. I picked the younger guys because I figured they would be a better
fuck, and would have a quicker cum, so I could get to the next one. I ran
into twins and took them both to the room at the same time. I took every
younger man I could. I got a red ticket from the cashier for every one I
took upstairs, so I know for sure how many I fucked. I was tired by about
3 AM, and my pussy was sore, so I gave up. I didn't know I'd taken thirty
one dicks until I woke up later that day, and counted the red tags. I
still have them, as well as the costume I wore that day." 

Rhonda could hardly believe what she had heard, "But why would you do such
a thing? Weren't you afraid of getting something?" 

Helen-Ann shook her head, "Whores are very well aware of the dangers. The
condom is not perfect, but it is very close. Every room had an ample
supply and all the John's either automatically put one on, or I made a
gentle suggestion. Each room had a douche bag in the bathroom. It was
filled with some antiseptic solution. They were tossed after use, so there
was always a fresh one with a clean room. I used about two quarts of that
stuff after every John was done with me. As to why I did it, well, it is
just one of those things that a teen can get involved in. I really wanted
to fuck as many men as I could in one night, and I did." 

Helen-Ann sighed. A tear ran down her face, "Now I'm down to just my
husband, when I can catch him."

Rhonda was shocked at first, but then she remembered at least twice
Helen-Ann had referred to her husband, but pretended she was kidding.
"Darling, your father and I wondered. You mentioned 'husband' a few times." 
"Dear Carlos. I love him terribly, and I keep telling myself that he loves
me too. We were married over a year ago, but he discovered who I was and
left me. I was too good for him." 

Rhonda was still in shock, "Dear, I had no idea you were even dating."
"I haven't dated, except for Carlos, since I met him at the whore house.
He was the only one of those thirty one boys who made love to me. The rest
were in-squirt-out. He started by kissing me on the mouth. Then he worked
slowly down to my breasts. I was aroused and ready for him by then, but he
went even further down and started licking my clit. I had two cums before
he even entered me. Then I had another cum even before he did, about ten
seconds after he hit bottom. He was very slow and brought me to my final
cum in such a delightful way that I fainted. He was holding me close and
kissing my hair when I awoke. He kissed me on the mouth once he was sure I
was conscious again. He insisted that he was falling in love with me and I
knew I was gone on him. I gave him the number for my private line
upstairs. I found later that a friend had invited him to the club, or
whatever you want to call it, and bought a ticket for him." 

Rhonda was recovering enough to ask some questions, "He still thought you
were a professional prostitute?" 

Helen-Ann smiled, "He did for a long time, until we had our big
confrontation. We dated constantly after we first met, but most of our
'dates' were at the family restaurant, 'El Pico De Gallo'. I was
interested in learning to cook when I was a kid, and Betsy taught me how
to cook her style. Carlos taught me how to cook Mexican style. We made a
good team, at least in the kitchen."

Rhonda shook her head, "How did you ever have any....., well private life?"
"I rented a little apartment near the restaurant and told Carlos that I
had quit the whore house, but I had some money saved up so I could finish
high school. We made beautiful love in that little place. Sometimes it
seems more my home than here."

Rhonda asked, "How were you able to get married?" 
Helen-Ann smiled, "I 'invented' a trip to Vegas that I had 'won' in an
imaginary lottery. It was for two, so he talked some relative into cooking
for a few days, and away we went. As you know, you can get married in
Vegas 24 HRS of any day, and after a lovely fuck in our room I said
something like, 'Do you truly love me', he said 'yes' so I said 'we can be
married in an hour'. He started dressing and said, 'let's go'. It was late
at night but a taxi found a little chapel open and we were married. I was
using fake ID, so he still thinks I am about two years older than I am,
but my license is in my real name, Elena Rodriguez." She pulled it out and
showed it to Rhonda.

Rhonda still didn't understand what broke them up, "So why did he leave
you? Here he finds he has a wife worth some $100 MIL and he leaves?" 

"Am I really worth that? It doesn't matter; too many lies. We were at a
party I had been invited to. It was a mistake telling him that a
girlfriend had asked me. There were too many people there who knew who I
really was. One of them had gone to high school with Carlos. Naturally he
introduced me as his wife. They got talking, and Carlos learned about the real me."
Helen-Ann shook her head, "Too damn many lies. First there was the big one
that I was a professional prostitute, then my parents were dead, that I
was as broke as he was, that I was used to living in a dinky little
apartment, the trip to Vegas. Hey, I could go on and on. He didn't even
finish high school, and I'm supposed to be headed for an MBA so I can run
a multi-million business when dad retires." 

Rhonda shook her head, "Honey, it is multi-billion." 
Helen-Ann shrugged, "Whatever. He left because I was pretending to be a
person I really wasn't, and he is a second generation Chicano from the
wrong side of the tracks."

Rhonda spoke firmly, "Which side of the tracks he is from and his ethnic
background are of no importance, you love him and we need to find a
solution to this problem. Would he come to the house, so Ross, you and I
can talk this out?"

Helen-Ann shook her head, "I doubt it. It isn't that I haven't invited him
often enough. He simply feels that there is a gap between our backgrounds
that is too big to surmount." 

"May I discuss this with Ross?"

Helen-Ann shrugged, "He will have a cow, but I guess I don't care any
more. Maybe he can pull a miracle out of the hat. If you don't have to,
you don't have to tell him I fucked thirty one boys in one session. That
is not considered quite the thing to do in polite society, you know." 
Three nights later dad asked Helen-Ann and Rhonda into the den for a talk.
Helen-Ann was sure she knew what the subject was. Dad started off, "My
dear daughter, it came as a shock to find you are really Mrs. Rodriguez,
but that certainly doesn't make me love you any less, nor fell any less
responsible for your future. I took the liberty to have your husband
investigated, so I would have some idea who we are dealing with. He is a
smart, very hard working man, who is very devoted to his family.
Unfortunately, unless we can do something, he will probably continue to
run that restaurant until the last one of his brothers and sisters is an
adult, and probably beyond that."

Helen-Ann nodded, "I know the whole family well dad. They took me in like
I was one of their own. It didn't matter that I was Anglo and didn't speak
Spanish. Carlos had married me, and that was good enough for them. They
are all good, hard working people." 

Ross agreed, "Exactly what my investigators said. Somehow we have to get
Carlos to realize he can get a business education and take care of the
family even better, plus save his marriage." 

Helen-Ann was crying, "Please dad, pull the rabbit out of the hat." 
Ross said, "We already know that he won't come here. I tried personally
just today, but we can go to him. What is the slowest time of the slowest day?"

Helen-Ann thought, "It depends, but usually Wednesday evening about 9 PM.
They stay open until 11 PM, so Carlos is stuck there." 

Ross smiled, "Next Wednesday at 9 PM, I'm going to meet your husband."
All three Sargents, no, two Sargents and a Rodriguez, entered El Pico De
Gallo and sat at a booth. A young girl came forward with menus. Her face
lit up when she recognized Helen-Ann and she spoke to her in Spanish. They
embraced and Helen-Anne responded in the same language. They had a lengthy
conversation, and it was clear that Helen-Ann had learned her husband's
language. Finally, Helen-Ann switched to English and introduced Rosie, one
of Carlos' sisters, to her dad and mom. Rosie said, "He's in the back, and
I hope you can talk some sense into him. You two belong together, Elena."

"You may observe that I'm not 'Helen-Ann' around here. 'Elena' is the
Mexican equivalent of 'Helen', and my hyphenated name doesn't fly in Spanish anyway."
Helen-Ann led Ross to the kitchen. Carlos recognized her instantly and
dropped a pot he was cleaning. Helen-Ann spoke calmly, although that
wasn't the way she felt inside, "Carlos, I'd like you to meet my father,
Ross Sargent. Dad, meet your son-in-law." With that she left. 

Ross put out his hand, "It is a great pleasure to meet you Carlos. My
daughter has told us a lot about you." 

Carlos looked at Ross and the extended hand. He couldn't very well be
impolite to this man who had come to him when he had refused to come to
Ross. All he said was, "How do you do, sir." He shook Ross's hand. It was
perhaps a reluctant handshake, but it was firm, as if Carlos was confident
of his role in life.

Ross spoke, "We can talk here, but I would think we would be more
comfortable in the front. Besides, I would like you to meet my wife. Your
wife generally calls her 'mom', but actually she is her step mom. For all
practical purposes her birth mother abandoned her when she was born,
although we remained married for a few more years. I'm afraid I didn't do
a very good job of raising Helen-Ann, but we are trying to rectify some of that now."

The frank, open, attitude of the man Carlos knew was worth over a billion
dollars confused him. He had never met anyone from that social strata,
other than his wife, and he had not been aware of who she was at that
time. "Very well, sir. My wife apparently remembered when our slowest time
is. I may have to leave to prepare some food, but we will be largely undisturbed."

Helen-Ann moved over when Ross and Carlos approached the booth. Carlos had
little choice but to sit next to her. They spoke briefly in Spanish.
Switching to English, Helen-Ann introduced Rhonda as 'mom'. 

Ross spoke, "Our daughter has spoken highly of you Carlos, and she loves
you very much. We want to see what we can do to get you two together again
and perhaps help you to become more than a chef. Let's talk frankly. You
could have an advanced degree in business, the sciences, the law, whatever
you want, in just a few years, if you didn't seem to believe that your
wife's money was somehow tainted."

Carlos spoke, "It is very nice of you to come here and talk to me, but
there is a social gap of miles between my wife and myself. I could never
be comfortable in her home, with her friends, and she could never be
comfortable in my home, with my friends." 

This produced a torrent of Spanish from Helen-Ann, "Sorry dad, I told this
bone head that I lived in his house as his wife for over a year and I
loved his friends. Everything was fine until he found out I had wealthy parents."

Rosie hollered to Carlos, "Enchiladas de carne, por favor." 
Helen-Ann pushed Carlos out, "Go ahead and talk to bone head. My
Enchiladas are better than his, and he knows it." She walked to the kitchen.

Ross spoke, "Are they?"

Carlos grinned, for the first time, "She is a very good cook. I think my
Enchiladas are good, but she uses a little different spice and different
cheese, many of our customers used to ask for her's when we were cooking
here together."

Ross nodded, "Weren't you very happy together before you found out that
she just happens to be worth a few million?" 

Carlos sighed, "Yes, we were very happy, but I know she wouldn't be happy
living my kind of life forever. What exactly do you want of me? Do you
think I can simply drop all my responsibilities to my family, or do you
think I could be happy living on her money?" 

Ross replied, "I think you could be very happy going to college. Your wife
has spoken of your ambition to better yourself, and she could make all
that possible. Your restaurant could continue, with a new chef, who's
cooking might not be quite as good as yours, but still very good. Get your
degree. Helen-Ann plans to start on her MBA from Harvard in the fall. With
some intensive tutoring you could probably enter Harvard when she does, or
a few terms behind her. I doubt you will care for the weather in
Cambridge, but the city is very nice, and Harvard is the oldest university
in the USA. The university at Mexico City is older, by the way." 

"I couldn't take my wife's money."
"But half is yours by law, in this state. Look, would you take a loan from me?"
Carlos shook his head.

Ross continued, "OK, let's play hardball. As of today I own this building.
You have no formal lease with the former owner, it's been by handshake.
You never bothered to register the name of your restaurant, but my
attorneys are rectifying that now. I can have you out in thirty days, and
all your customers will know is that the booths are more comfortable and
the place has been painted. Elena will do the cooking, at least as long as
she wants to, and train a new chef. Is that what you want?" 

Carlos was aghast, "You would do that to us?" 
Rhonda spoke for the first time since her brief introduction. "My husband
is a very wonderful man, but he can be stubborn. Also, he is used to
playing the 'hardball' of big business, and right now he is playing with
the future happiness of his daughter, which comes before Ross Industries."
She placed her hand over one of Carlos'. "I don't believe he will go that
far, but you have to admit it is a good bargaining point. Carlos, your
Elena was brought up to take over Ross Industries. Ross and I want to
retire early and enjoy our own children. Also, what of _your_ children?
The children of Elena and you? They will be the next generation to manage
the company. Don't you think they have that right?" 

It was obvious Carlos had never thought of their children. It startled
him. Children of his and Elena's! God, he loved her. Could he let her
money keep them apart?

Just then Helen-Ann returned with three plates of Enchiladas. She gave two
plates, with only one Enchilada each, to dad and mom, but put a plate of
three in front of herself. "See what you think. The chips are fresh and
the salsa might be a bit hot for you." 

Carlos erupted in Spanish. Helen-Ann calmly enjoyed her meal. She
occasionally interrupted his tirade with some Spanish of her own. One
phrase she used several times while waving a fork at him was 'Cabeza de
Burro', which is not very polite, but roughly was the equivalent of 'bone head'.

Finally, it seemed that they had come to some agreement. There were a lot
of 'si's from both of them. Finally they kissed passionately. 

Carlos shook his head, "I love her too much. You win. Just one concession;
I want to approve the new chef. 

Elena smiled, "We both will, darling."

Ross paid for night work, so the more comfortable booths were installed
overnight. The painting was done Sunday night and Monday, the only day the
restaurant usually closed. Numerous smaller changes were made, including
more restful lighting and new appliances. Ross' attorneys found that a
laundromat next door was about ready to close, because the long-time
owners wanted to retire. As soon as possible the two areas were combined
by a short passage at the front of the restaurant, making the new area a
bit more formal, with no counter. A liquor license boosted business. 

The Rodriguez family was very happy with the changes, and especially happy
that Carlos and their Elena were back together again. 

Helen-Ann took out her wedding ring, that she had never worn to school,
and proudly displayed it to her classmates the day after the meeting at
the restaurant. It had belonged to her grandmother and she had taken it to
Vegas in the hope that she might talk Carlos into marrying her. She told
everyone an abbreviated version of the truth, that she had been married
almost two years, but they had parted for awhile, but now they were back
together for keeps.





JENNY 16

In the meantime, Carlos was persuaded to move into Helen-Ann's room at the
palatial Ross home. It took some explaining to get him to understand that
she needed a sore ass sometimes. Much to his surprise, he found it
arousing to spank her, and the resulting sex was unbelievable. Gone was
the girl who wanted to be kissed everywhere; who loved lots of foreplay.
After her spanking she wanted him inside her and she wanted him _right
now_. Many times after a spanking she took the dominant role and rode him
to climax. They slept afterwards in an intimate tangle of arms and legs.
She still used the cuffs to get a spanking, but much preferred her
husband's arms for sleeping.

He studied day and night, but not all night, Elena took care of that. By
late summer he was able to pass his high school equivalency tests and with
a few calls to the right people by Ross, was accepted by Harvard for the fall term.

Ross called Roycee occasionally, and when she discovered that Helen-Ann
was married, and both she and her husband were coming to live in
Cambridge, she told Ross about the lovely old house she lived in. Several
girls were graduating and they would have a few vacancies. The only
problem was the owner, who was in her early seventies. She was tired of
the snow they had in the winter, and was thinking of moving to Florida,
where one of her daughters lived. She hadn't put it on the market yet. Two
days later Ross owned the house.

They renovated the place completely, and since it was necessary to move
the girls one-by-one to the former owner's apartment during the work on
their rooms, they got the girls to do a little shuffling and Roycee and
the Rodriguez' were next door, sharing a bath. 

Helen-Ann was satisfied if Roycee was, and it turned out Carlos knew
Roycee before he was forced by finances to quit high school. He related a
story about her, "There was an out of town match and Roycee was mad at
some official, about a call he had made the last time the two teams met.
During practice she came out of the locker room in the nude and dived in.
The official complained, so Roycee got out of the pool at the end away
from the lockers and pretended she had water in her ears and couldn't
hear. She almost shoved her tits in the guy's chest when she pretended to
understand. She looked down and sure enough, no suit. She apologized,
taking her time about it, and slowly walked back to the lockers for her
suit. She insisted she had been thinking about the match and simply
forgot. There wasn't much they could do about it, since they couldn't
prove anything. Our team won, thanks to Roycee." 

Ellen and Jenny were invited by Grace to attend the sorority meeting where
Ellen's father was going to give a demonstration of the razor strop. Jenny
said, "Mom, as little as I like the idea, lets volunteer for the strop at
the meeting. We both agreed to take it again, but I think both of us have
been reluctant to mention it. Gramps is going to strop four girls, and we
can be the first two."

Ellen said, "Oh, my ass! Well, I _did_ challenge you to take one more,
didn't I? Being part of the demo seems appropriate, I suppose. Call Grace
and make sure that is OK with her." 

When Jenny was able to contact Grace, she was enthusiastic about it, "Hey,
that's great. Gramps spanks his own daughter, then his granddaughter. Way
cool! The newsletter warned all those attending to wear a loose skirt,
just in case they get picked. We'll provide blankets to recover on, and a
pillow for after the stropping." 

The night of the demonstration came all too soon. A car had been sent to
pick up gramps and it stopped at Jenny's place for the two volunteers.
After Grace had opened the meeting, and got through some boring reports,
she introduced gramps.

He got up and walked to where they had put up a bondage cross for the
festivities, "Good evening girls. As I think you know, I'm going to first
give the strop to my daughter and then my granddaughter. This strop is
quite old, I really don't know how old it is myself, but I'm in my mid
sixties and my dad used it on me when I was a kid. A good piece of
leather, given an occasional oiling, will last for many years. I am a
believer that an offspring of any age should be subject to the rules of
the home as long as they are living there. My daughter went to the local
college and lived home. She elected to continue to live at home during the
first several years of her career. You probably know that she is a
practicing attorney. I used the strop on her as long as she lived home,
which I think was into her mid twenties. Ellen, please remove your clothes
and come forward." 

Ellen went to a small table, that had been provided for the purpose, and
removed all her clothes, even her socks. Her knees were weak, but she came
to her father and stood close to him. 

"Normally, I would tie my daughter to a round beam in our barn and
commence her punishment. However, for demonstration purposes, I am going
to give both Ellen and Jenny one extra lash without bondage. This is to
demonstrate the power of a lash from this strop. Ellen, bend over and hold
your ankles with your hands.

Splat! EEOOWWWW!

Ellen staggered forward and collapsed on the floor, crying and rubbing her ass.
Gramps said, "While she is recovering, my granddaughter will put four
cuffs on her. I don't use cuffs at home, but I don't have the big beam
here, so we are using the cross.

Ellen recovered enough to be tied to the cross, then strapped in the
middle, much like gramps did at the barn. "I always thought that Ellen had
a very spankable ass", he said.
Splat! EEOOWWWW! Shit!
Splat! EEOOWWWW! This....
Splat! EEOOWWWW! Was....
Splat! EEOOWWWW! My....
Splat! EEOOWWWW! Idea....

Ellen was sagging against the restraints when she had taken her dozen.
Jenny and Grace helped to untie her and help her stagger to a pile of
blankets, placed over a foam pad.

Gramps spoke, "Get ready, Jenny." She did and was soon leaning over for her one lash.
Splat! EEOOWWWW! Oh, my God.... She collapsed, much as Ellen had. 
Grace put the cuffs on Jenny and in a short time she was tied to the cross.
Splat! EEOOWWWW! OHHHHH!
Splat! EEOOWWWW! Mom's....
Splat! EEOOWWWW! Bright....
Splat! EEOOWWWW! Ideas....

Jenny was able to keep standing until about number eight or nine, then
slowly collapsed against the cuffs. She was screaming and crying when
Grace and Nancy helped her to lie on her tummy. 

Gramps spoke, "As you can see, the razor strop is a rather intense
spanking tool, and it was never made for that purpose. I caught Ellen
smoking at about age twenty two. I gave her the usual dozen, although she
insists to this day that they were the worst dozen she ever took. Might be
true; I was mad as hell that day. Anyway, she hasn't smoked since. I
understand there will be a drawing for my next two victims. Grace, please proceed."

Grace spoke, "Each member was given a tag when they entered. Do you all
still have them? Good. The matching tags are all in this jar." She shook
it vigorously. "I'll ask Mr. Knox to pick a tag and hand it to me." Gramps
did so. "Rather than go through this again, I'll ask him to pick a second
tag." Gramps picked another.

Grace said, "I am not sure whether I should refer to you as 'winners' or
'losers', but here we are." She read a number and a pretty blond gasped
and stood up. She read the other number and a tall brunette screamed, put
her hand over her mouth and stood up. 

Grace said to gramps, "We will start with Claudia, since she was the first
chosen. Please come forward and give me your ticket, then remove your clothes."

In a matter of minutes Claudia was reduced to a screaming, crying baby.
She was helped to her temporary bed. 

Grace introduced Vashti, the Brunette. When she removed her clothes it was
evident that she had at least one reason for the scream, her rear had been
severely spanked with what appeared to be a cane, from the narrow, long
marks, and not too long ago, either. 

Grace shook her head, "Vash, honey, I think somebody got there first!"
Vashti nodded, "It was daddy, and I deserved it. I 'won' the spanking
tonight and I expect to take it." 

Grace nodded, this was what she would have expected of Vashti. 
The girl was tied to the cross and the spanking began. Her screams seemed
even louder and longer than Claudia, but her ass must have been very sore
when gramps started. She sagged in the cuffs at about six and fainted at
ten, but gramps gave her two more anyway. 

It took three girls to lift Vash off the cross and carry her to the blanket.
Grace thanked gramps, then announced, "Mr. Knox has stated that he is
willing to strop one more girl. This will be strictly a volunteer, not
picked by number, and after witnessing the four spankings tonight, and
getting one myself at his place last month, I would understand if no one
volunteered." She waited a few moments, "Last chance to get your ass
busted this month."

A small dark skinned girl got up and walked towards Grace. She appeared to
be from India, or a country in that general area. She spoke somewhat
stilted English. "Yes, Grace, I have been beaten many times, but never by
the razor strop. May I volunteer, yes?" 

Grace smiled. The girl was called Anji because no one seemed able to
pronounce her name correctly, "Of course Anji. Please strip and Mr. Knox
will give you a spanking."

Anji went to the table and removed her clothes. She then went over to
gramps, "The extra spank you gave your daughter and granddaughter, may I
too have it, yes?"

Gramps smiled, "Sure young lady, lean down and grab your ankles." 
Splat! Grunt, Ohhhh She fell forward, but did a complete flip, landing on her feet.

Gramps smiled, "Ah I see you are a gymnast." 
Anji smiled, "Yes, I practice on the bar for fun." 

Anji picked up the four cuffs and put them on. Grace and Nancy helped to
tie her to the cross. She was so small that they had to find some
additional pieces of chain to get from the hooks in the cross to her
cuffs. Gramps said, "Are you ready Anji". She nodded. 

Splat! grunt!
Splat! grunt!
Splat! grunt!
Splat! grunt!

Gramps was wondering if he was getting tired, or what. Every girl he had
ever spanked had screamed like a banshee. He made sure every lash was
hitting her tiny ass and that he was putting his best efforts into the
spanking. At about number six or seven she started to cry, but made no
noise except the grunts when the razor strop hit her. Tears were wetting
her face. She took her dozen and was still supporting herself, not sagging
on the wrist cuffs like most of the girls. 

Grace and Nancy untied her and she stepped away from the cross without
assistance. She was a bit unsteady on her feet, but was walking on her
own. She went to Gramps, "Thank you sir, that was a very nice beating,
yes." She embraced Gramps and kissed him on the cheek. She was so small
that Gramps had to lean down.

Anji went to the table where she had left her clothes and calmly dressed.
As she walked back to her chair someone rose and clapped her hands. Soon
the whole room was standing and clapping. Anji took her seat and covered
her cheeks in embarrassment. 

Another small girl was talking to Grace. The girl was quite pretty and
obviously oriental. The girl flipped up her skirt and pulled down her
panties for Grace's inspection. Grace spoke to Gramps, then made an
announcement. "I have another request here. Miki is having her period, but
her entire ass is uncovered under her panties. The pad is being held with
two elastic bands that certainly will not protect her. Mr. Knox has agreed
to give her a spanking. I never could quite pronounce her name in
Japanese, but we call her Miki. Some girls even affectionately call her
'Mini', as in 'Mini Mouse'."

While Grace was talking, Miki went to the table and removed her clothes,
except for the absorbent pad and elastic bands keeping it in place. She
walked to Gramps. "Good evening sir." She bowed to him. "Allow me to thank
you in advance for the spanking, since I am sure I shall not be as quiet
as Anji nor in good enough shape to thank you after the spanking. May I
also request the extra spank?"

Gramps smiled, "You are most welcome Miki, and certainly you may have the
extra spank. Please make as much noise as you wish. Anji was making me
wonder if I was loosing my grip." 

Miki bent at the waist and held her ankles. 
Splat! EEEEEEEEEEEEEE! Miki toppled over, none too gracefully, rubbing her
ass and crying.

Gramps said, "Much better. That's more like what I expected."Grace and
Nancy helped Miki into the cuffs and tied her to the cross. She was quite
small, like Anji, and the extra chain was just about a perfect fit, the
disconnects going about one or two links shorter. Gramps asked, "You ready
to get a burning ass?" 

Miki laughed, "Burn away sir." Gramps did. 
Splat! EEEEEEEEEEEEEE! Miki's scream was somehow 'oriental'. 
Splat! EEEEEEEEEEEEEE! She was crying and shaking her head. 
Splat! EEEEEEEEEEEEEE! She screamed something in Japanese. 
Splat! EEEEEEEEEEEEEE!

She sagged in the cuffs at about number seven or eight, but remained
conscious through the spanking. After her dozen, Grace and Nancy had to
help her off the cross. They were holding her arms up, but she managed to
bow to Gramps and say, in a very shaky voice, "Thank you sir, that was a
very painful, but very wonderful experience." They helped her to lie on
her tummy to recover.

Gramps was a bit tired, having spanked six girls, and there were no more
volunteers. He received a round of applause as he returned to his seat.
Grace gave a short speech thanking him. There was no more business or
entertainment for the evening, so Grace adjourned the meeting. Most of the
girls left. They gave Miki plenty of time to recover and she dressed
again. Jenny spoke to her, "Were you ever spanked in your home?" 

Miki smiled, "Yes, many times. My parents both went to college in the
'states' and were probably introduced to spankings then. It does not
appear that most parents in Japan use spanking as a punishment, but it
certainly worked in our home. May I ask if you are spanked regularly?" 

Jenny laughed, "Too much lately, but mom believes in spanking as a method
of punishment and I guess I have to agree with her. We have a young girl,
I think just thirteen, living with us in an extra apartment with her mom,
who has arthritis quite badly and can't spank her naughty daughter. I have
known her older sister since first grade, and she is a long way off going
to college. Mom and I spank the younger sister whenever her mom asks us
to. It seems to have helped a lot. Her attitude has changed, and she is
doing better at school. Of course she sometimes gets several sessions with
the cane every week, but we seem to be getting through to her. I think she
is basically a good girl, but she was out of control." 

Miki said, "Your mom seems very young to have a daughter your age." 
Jenny smiled, "Ellen is about thirty or so, and is my step mom, but we
love each other and I call her 'mom'. She was spanked with the razor strop
by Gramps, as he said, and she challenged me to take one from him. I
challenged her back to take one with me, and she accepted. This evening
was my second. Mom challenged me again, and I accepted again." 

Miki questioned Jenny, "You mention the cane. We have one in the sorority
collection, but I have never seen it used. When I was much younger my
mother spanked me with her hand, then later with a hairbrush. Dad came
back from a business trip to the 'states' with a leather paddle. That was
much worse than the hairbrush, and I'm sure it improved my attitude a
lot." She laughed. "Your mom uses the cane on you too?" 

Jenny smiled and rubbed her sore ass, "Yes, she uses the cane on me. It is
pretty bad, but not in the class of the strop. Of course Gramps is still
quite strong, and if he were using the cane it would be worse, I'm sure."

Miki hesitated, "Ah, you spank this young friend once a week, or so?"
Jenny shrugged, "Something like that. She seems to get into trouble at
least once a week, sometimes twice. Mom and I don't decide when she needs
it, that's up to her mom. We spank her when her mom asks us to." 

Miki seemed to hesitate even longer, "Would you cane me Jenny, please? I
have never felt it and this may be my only chance." 

Jenny replied, "Sure Miki, I'm getting pretty good with it, but couldn't
you get one from one of the girls here?" 

Miki smiled, "I have been embarrassed to ask. Besides, I don't know that
there is anyone here who has had any practice. Any one of the girls could
take the cane and spank me with it, sure, but I rather get it from
somebody who has actually used it a number of times. We both got the strop
tonight, so I guess I feel we have something in common and I can talk to
you without being embarrassed."

Jenny nodded, "Of course, Miki. I'll be glad to give you the cane. You get
twenty five good ones, just like I do." She gave Miki a card. "The number
listed 'home' is the one to use, unless you need a lawyer." She laughed,
"Mom is understanding, and I'll just tell her to ignore the screaming from
my room. Call after you have recovered from the razor strop. Let me ask
you about it; have you ever been spanked harder?" 

Miki smiled and rubbed her ass, "There was one time dad caught me smoking.
First he paddled me, then mom, then dad again and mom finished me up. I
think that was about as bad. I don't smoke any more." 

It seemed that Roycee's little sister was responding well to the spankings
Ellen and Jenny were giving her. She was much more polite to her mom, she
helped around the house and her school work improved too. Jenny noticed a
subtle pattern, however. It seemed that once or twice a week she would be
sassy with her mom, who called Jenny. When Jenny got there she was
contrite, kissed her mom and went into her bedroom for the spanking with
no arguments at all. After a while Jenny suspected that perhaps Dox was
like Helen-Ann and needed to be spanked to reduce tension, or simply
because she was 'in the mood' for one.

The next time she got a call, she decided to have it out with Dox. She got
to the apartment and found Dox apologizing to her mom, and ready for her
spanking. They went into the bedroom and Dox stripped, put on the cuffs
and tied three of them. Jenny tied the fourth. 

Jenny knew that the girl disliked her whole name, but used it for effect,
"Doxzenia, we need to talk."

Dox looked surprised, "What is there to talk about, Jenny?" 

"You were sassy to your mom again today. Now why do I think that you did
that deliberately?"

Dox shook her head, "Why would I do that, Jenny? Do you think I want
twenty five spanks with the cane?"

Jenny smiled, "Exactly, Dox. I think you have had a bad day, or just feel
the need of a good spanking. Now you don't even have to admit it to me.
I'm going to give you what you want, but all you have to do the next time
you feel the need is give me or mom a call. Come to our place so your mom
doesn't need to know you are being spanked. Don't even bother to call if
you don't want to, just drop over. You know your mom is perfectly happy to
have you visit with us any time you want. All you have to do is say
something like, 'I need to go to your room, Jenny', or 'My day wasn't so
good.' Just give us a clue that you need a spanking. Hey, I don't care if
you shout at me 'Spank my ass good, Jenny.' I'd know for sure then. You
ready honey?" Dox nodded.

BAM! BAM! BAM! scream, scream, scream

Jenny continued until Dox had her twenty five, then untied one cuff. "Come
see us any time you want, honey, whether you need a spanking or not."

Dox was still crying, "T-thanks J-jenny." 

Jenny saw her mom when she got home, "Oh, I've really enjoyed myself this
afternoon, I got to spank Dox. Look mom, I'm almost 100% sure she needs to
be spanked once or twice a week, like Helen-Ann. She is sassy with her
mom, who calls you or me and she gets what she needs. I confronted her
today, but she refused to admit it. I told her to come over any time she
feels the need for a spanking. Just tell us she has had a bad day, or
needs punishment. Any clue that she needs it, and we'll do it here so her
mom doesn't have to know."

Ellen was surprised, "I thought she was a lot better lately." 

Jenny nodded, "That's true, but she is still sassy with her mom once or
twice every week. Once her mom calls you or me, she apologizes and waits
for her spanking like that was all she wanted in the first place. Maybe
I'm wrong; we'll see if she comes over and asks for one, subtlely, most likely."
It was almost a week later that Dox came to Jenny's house. "I-I'm in a
kinda bad mood today," she said. Her head was down, looking at the floor.

Jenny smiled, "We all get that way sometimes honey. Would you like to
visit my room? Would that make you feel any better?" 

Dox looked up and smiled, realizing that Jenny understood. Ellen was home,
so Jenny hollered, "Ignore twenty five screams from my room, mom. I'm just
practicing on Dox."

Ellen laughed, "Sure honey, give her an extra good one for me." 
Soon Dox was strapped down to Jenny's bed and got her usual twenty five.
She screamed and cried. Jenny said, "OK, now you get the extra for mom."

Jenny went to the kitchen and got a low plastic stool that they used to
get objects out of some of the high cabinets. She returned to her room.
"Dox, I'm going to be nice to you and only get up on the low step." 
&gt;From her elevated position she raised the cane and brought it down firmly  on Dox.

BAAAAM! EEOUCHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! Dox would have flown off the bed, if she
hadn't been tied to it.

Dox just lay there crying after her extra. Jenny unclipped her and took
off the cuffs. She lay on the bed and cuddled the girl, like she was a
younger sister. Dox stopped crying and just held Jenny for awhile. Finally
she spoke, "Thank you Jenny. That was exactly what I needed. I don't know
why I needed a spanking today. No trouble at home or school. I just did,
and I want to thank both you and your mom for being so understanding." 
"I have a friend like that. She was known as Helen-Ann, but she married a
Mexican boy and likes to be called Elena now. She finally admitted to her
dad that she needed to be spanked and her whole life changed for the
better. Her husband spanks her now. Hey, how was the extra from mom?"

Dox smiled and rubbed her ass, "About like I got from Roycee, but she is a
very powerful girl. Running up ladders keeps her in shape, I guess, plus
jogging, weight lifting and swimming." 

"Do you swim, Dox?"

"Yeah, and Miss Hunt is forever on my case. She claims the school needs
another Roycee. I'm fast in the water and I like to swim, but I've never
tried to compete. I can beat anyone who has ever challenged me, though,
but they are junior high, like I am." 

"You enter high next fall, don't you?"

"Yeah, and then Miss Hunt will really be on my case. Hey, is it true that
you don't wear swim suits anymore?" 

Jenny laughed, "You've got it! I heard about it from Miss Hunt one day
after school. Roycee was here on vacation and came with me to visit Miss
Hunt, who invited Roycee to try out the old pool. Roycee didn't have a
suit and Miss Hunt said that they had found no regulation requiring suits.
A girl had one rip on her one day and didn't have a spare with her. When
she heard the ruling she just took it off and dove in. Soon the whole
class was nude. Naturally, I had to try it at my next class. I was the
only girl nude until about half way through the class, when someone asked
Miss Hunt, who had pretended to ignore my lack of a suit. When Miss Hunt
told the class they didn't need them, all the girls were skinny dipping in a flash. 
It was about a week later that Jenny got a call from Miki, "I've recovered
from the strop and would like to feel the cane, when you are free."

Jenny thought for a moment, "How would you like to get it with the girl I
was talking to you about? The one who needs a spanking every week or so."

Miki laughed, "Would you call that a double-header? Sure, when does she want one?"
Jenny laughed, "Yeah, you might call it that. Let me go ask her. They live
over our garage in a private apartment. She should be home now. Give me a
number where I can call back. Would this afternoon be good for you?"

Miki laughed, "My good sense tells me 'no way', but my ass tells me 'Hell
yes'. Guess who won?" She gave Jenny a number. 




JENNY 17

Jenny went over to the apartment. Dox was in the back yard weeding a
vegetable garden. Jenny asked, "How does your ass feel today?" 

Dox laughed, "Funny you should ask. I was thinking of maybe visiting you
today or tomorrow for a 'treatment'. Are you in the mood to spank somebody
today? That would be fine with me. Now that you have me thinking about the
cane, it is more than fine. I'd just love one today." 

"OK, I met a Japanese girl who wants one today also. I thought it might be
cool to try and spank two girls at once. Only one gets tied to the bed,
but we can work that out when she gets here. She said she could be here in
about a half an hour."

Dox smiled, "I'll wander by for a visit in about a half an hour." 
Jenny called Miki, got a roommate, and soon confirmed the date. Miki
laughed, "I'll call a cab. Dad won't let me drive here because you all use
the wrong side of the road."

Dox arrived about the same time Miki did. Jenny introduced the two girls.
They were about the same size, although Miki was fully grown. Miki spoke,
"Is it all right to talk? I mean is it private?" 

Jenny smiled, "Absolutely. Mom is not home yet, but she is used to hearing
screams from my bedroom. If she isn't home soon, I'll leave her a note so
she will know where I am. Dox, Miki is a member of a college sorority that
is into spankings. She was spanked at home and got the razor strop from
gramps at their last meeting. Mom and I were the first two victims. She
has never got the cane, and asked me to give her a spanking with one."
Dox laughed, "Miki, unless you got a caning from my sister Roycee, I can
assure you that the razor strop is worse, although I've never had one.
What do you say, Jenny?"

Miki interrupted, "Excuse me, but is your sister 'the eel'." 
Dox smiled, "She sure is, and now I'm getting a hard time from her old
coach. She thinks I can be 'eel II', or something like that." 

Miki was fascinated, "I saw Roycee swim a few times. We went to the high
school for some of the meets, when the State Championship was at stake.  
Are you fast?"

Dox shrugged, "Miss Hunt was over at the junior high just this week. She
asked our teacher if she could work with me after regular class. When we
were alone she had me do a few laps. She helped me with a fast start,
something our teacher has never stressed, but in junior, the swimming is
just for exercise, really. Then the fast turn, too. She thinks I have
potential and she talked me into swimming this summer, at the high school
pool. I know how proud mom and sis would be if I could help bring the
school another win, but I don't know if I have the drive Roycee had. I
really think she was Olympic class."

Miki shook her head, "Why didn't she go further?" 
Dox had a serious look on her face, "Miki, you are looking at half the
reason, and mom is the other. It takes lots of money to give up everything
and train at the Olympic level. She joined the fire department in the
capital because the pay was good, and she got health benefits for mom and
I. Now we were lucky and she met Helen-Ann Sargent, the daughter of Ross
Sargent, who happens to collect money like Bill Gates. Jenny and her mom
and pop let us stay here for free and Ross got her a scholarship at
Harvard. She is headed for an MBA, and I bet some day she will be the
first female nigger VP at Ross Industries."

Miki was confused, "I'm awfully glad things have worked out for all of
you, but, excuse my ignorance, I thought 'nigger' was a derogatory word
for an Afro-American."

Dox laughed, "If you called me that it would be, but a black, or whatever
you want to call me, can call another black a nigger and it is OK. I
wouldn't call you a 'Jap', Miki."

Just then Ellen arrived home, "Hi girls. Why do I think I am going to hear
some noise from Jenny's bedroom?" 

Jenny laughed, "You're right mom, and it will be Miki's first meeting with
the cane. Dox liked the idea, so we are having a double-header. Hey mom,
Dox asked whether the cane or the razor strop was worse. I'd vote the
strop, but I've only had it from gramps." 

Ellen thought about the question, "Well, if you compare a dozen with the
strop, given by my dad, to a dozen given you, by me, with the cane, there
is no comparison. Even the twenty five I'm giving you now won't compare,
but if you gave the cane to dad, you might have a different opinion. I
recall one day you were getting a lot from your girlfriends and you said
it was as bad as the strop. Miki has had the strop from dad and she is
going to get the cane from you today. I'll bet she will think the strop
was worse, but it depends on how hard you hit." 

Jenny said, "OK girls, spanking time; this way Miki. Dox knows the way.
Look, I mentioned this before Miki, I've only got the one set of
restraints. I can spank you one at a time tied down, or do it double, like
we were talking about, but I can't tie you both down at once." 
Miki said, "I am never tied down at home. I am expected to take my
punishment, and if I attempt to put my hands over my rear or move off the
lap, or chair, or whatever they are using, I get extras. Use the
restraints on Dox and I will lie next to her without any. Then we can have
the double spanking we were discussing."

Jenny nodded. They were at her room, "Take all your clothes off and I'll
tie Dox down. Miki, you get next to her." Jenny helped Dox to clip the
last cuff and Miki lay next to her. "Miki, if you want, hold one of Dox's
hands very tight and you can hold the bed post with your other hand.
Spread your legs. You can even put one leg over one of Dox's. My, what a
lovely sight, two nice asses to spank at the same time. Make as much noise
as you want. Mom is used to it. Ready, you two?" Both girls nodded. 

Jenny started with Dox, since she was closer on the bed. 
BAM! Scream.

Then she leaned over a little.
BAM! EEEEEEEEEEE. Miki had an entirely different scream. 
BAM! Scream.
BAM! EEEEEEEEEEE.

Miki thrashed around quite a bit, but held one of Dox's hands like it was
a life preserver, with her other hand holding the bed post. Both girls
were crying. Jenny couldn't tell which one was more affected by the
spanking. They were both very vocal, although Miki had a scream that was
somehow different from any American girl she had ever heard. 

Finally Jenny finished both girls. She had to admit that fifty strokes had
tired her arm. Dox was trying to say something through her sobbing. It
sounded like something to do with mom. OH, did she actually want that
extra Jenny had given her last week?" 

Both girls were calming down a bit. Jenny said, "Dox, are you asking for
the extra for mom?" Dox nodded her head. "Miki, last time, mom was kidding
and told me to give Dox an extra for her, so I got up on a step and really
put all my weight into the extra. Now Dox wants me to give her the extra
today, but you don't have to. You already took the so-called standard spanking."

Miki shook her head, "Please, the same for me." 
Jenny got the plastic steps and got up on the first level. "Ready, Dox?" She nodded.
BAAAAM! EEOUCHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! That sounded familiar! 

"That was pretty bad, you sure you want it Miki?" The girl nodded. 
BAAAAM! EEEEEEEEEEEEEE! Miki thrashed on the bed, and her hands flew to her ass.

Jenny untied Dox. The two girls embraced. They had been through exactly
the same thing together. Jenny took a quilt and spread it over them. "Rest
awhile and let you asses recover a bit. I'll see you in the kitchen later.  No hurry."

Jenny was reading the paper about an hour later when the two girls showed
up, hand in hand. Dox said, "We took so long because we, er, that is, we
played a bit after you left."

Jenny smiled, "A spanking makes me hot as hell. I hope you enjoyed each other."
Miki was a bit embarrassed, "We are not so frank in my country, even among
friends, but Dox is very good and showed me how two girls can assist one
another. I had never done that before. My legs are still weak. She and I,
er, ah, plan to get together sometimes. Do you suppose you would be
willing to give us a spanking together again?" 

Jenny smiled, "Of course, I love to spank ass." 

When Dox got home she went to the bathroom to put some skin cream on the
marks left by the cane. It seemed to cool her ass a little. She had not
locked the door properly and her mom came in. Mom looked at the well
spanked ass and said, "Dox, it appears that you were just spanked." 

"Ah, yes mom."
"Were you naughty?"
"Not really mom."

"You just felt like you needed a spanking, right?" 
"Yes mom. I, er..., I get that way some times." 

"That's fine dear. If Jenny or her mother wish to spank you here, it is
perfectly all right. I will ignore the screams. I used to feel like that
when I was your age. I had to do something naughty to get spanked. Were
you doing the same with me? I've noticed how nice we have gotten along the
last few weeks."

Dox nodded, "It was Jenny who guessed. She gave me the spanking here, but
she said I could go to her place and hint I needed one. It took me a week,
but I was feeling kinda blah one day and just went and told Jenny. She
knew what I needed right away and she gave it to me in her room. Her mom
knows, and the next time I was braver and just asked Jenny if she would
please spank me. Today was very interesting. A Japanese girl wanted one,
and I hadn't had one in a week, so Jenny suggested we take them together.
Miki is very nice. She is tiny for her age, about my size, but she is a
Junior in college. I was tied down, but Miki held one of my hands and the
bed post. Jenny gave a good one. Twenty five, then one where she gets on a
small stool and really puts everything into it. It is a bit away from the
rest. Take a look, mom .Her mom gently felt the marks, especially the one
that seemed to be swelling the most. She shook her head, "I wish my old
hands would allow me to spank you that much. Would you let Betsy spank you?" 

"Aunt Betsy, Helen-Anne's maid?"

"She is more mother to Helen-Ann than maid, but yes. She has been spanking
Helen-Ann when her dad has to go on trips." 

Dox smiled, "Please ask her to spank me, but not for a few days at least,
mom. The one today was pretty good and should last me for awhile. She
kissed her mom. "Thanks for understanding." 

Dox told Jenny that her mom had found out about the extra spankings, but
was understanding. Her next one was supposed to come from Betsy in a few days.
Jenny was surprised, "I've met Betsy a few times at Helen-Ann's place, and
I never thought she would be much of a spanker. She is thin as a rail.
Wow, I'd like to try one from her. Ask her if she would mind giving me one
too. She can come over to our place where we have a bigger bed with room
for two, like we did for you and Miki." 

About a week after Dox and Miki had been spanked Miss Betsy visited Dox
and her mom. She had brought along her favorite spanking tool, the paddle
she used on Helen-Ann. She said, "So Dox likes to be spanked just like
Helen-Ann. That doesn't surprise me. A spanking is painful, but it sure
clears the mind of all your minor worries. I've had Helen-Ann come to me
all nervous about something and ask for a spanking. After she gets it, she
seems like a new girl. If Dox and Jenny want to be spanked together, that
would be just fine with me. I'll have them both screaming after just a few
spanks." She chuckled.

Ellen was curious, but didn't want to intrude. Jenny asked her to help tie
one hand to Dox and the other to the bed. Then Ellen tied one of Jenny's
feet to Dox and her other to the foot of the bed. It wasn't as
professional as the cuffs, but both girls were well restrained. Ellen
asked, "Jenny, I'm curious to see Miss Betsy spank you; would you mind if
I watched? Would you mind Dox?"

Jenny said, "Sure, mom, but I'm afraid you'll learn some new techniques to
bust my ass." She laughed. 

Dox said, "Ellen, how many times have you warmed my ass? Stick around and 
enjoy seeing both of us get it." 

And get it they did! Betsy started with two spanks on Dox's ass, one on
each cheek. Then Jenny got her two. Neither girl did more than grunt
softly. Betsy kept it up. Two and two. Soon the girls were grunting
louder. Not too much more and they were beginning to thrash around the
bed. Crying came next, then Jenny let out a scream. Dox was about two sets
of spanks behind her. Betsy kept it up. The pair were screaming and crying
like babies. Still Betsy kept up her spanking. Ellen estimated the girls
had gotten about a hundred pairs each. Their asses were bright red and
heavily marked. Betsy finally stopped. "I think that will be enough for
one day." She chuckled.

Ellen untied both girls and covered them with a quilt. They had moved
closer and were embracing each other, but still crying. Betsy said, "Let's
leave them alone. I think they will find ways to compensate for the pain
in a short time." Ellen and Betsy smiled and left the girls to themselves.

Derek and Jenny had been practically living together, and loving every
second of it. The Nelson family was not too happy about the arrangement,
however, when they confronted Derek. He told them that he and Jenny were
going to be married as soon as he had his degree, but if they pushed him
too much, a marriage license only took about three days, and if they
didn't want him in their home with his wife, he was certain the Blackwells
would have him. This resulted in a meeting in the Nelson's large home.

Present were Derek and Jenny, with Ellen and Carl. Jim Nelson appointed
himself spokesperson, "It has come to our attention that our son has been
sneaking into your home and having sex in your daughter's room. We will
not allow this to continue."

Carl started to rise, as if to floor the pompous ass, but Ellen put out
her hand, restraining him, "Mr. Nelson, Derek has been a guest in our home
with the full knowledge of my husband and myself. I am very certain that
your son and our daughter have made love any number of times in her room.
We approved that too. We would rather have them in our home than some
dingy motel or the back seat of a Chevy. I have personally heard Derek ask
Jenny to marry him, and her answer has always been 'yes, but when you get
your degree'. Jenny has asked me to allow her to speak; you have the floor, dear."

Jenny hesitated, "Derek, I have decided that there is only one solution
that makes sense. Would you like to ask me to marry you, for the last time?"

Derek smiled, "Jenny, darling, will you marry me?" 
Jenny smiled back, "Yes, dearest, as soon as you want." 

Derek said, "I think it takes about three days, but we can get our blood
tests today. Let's go."

There was a babble of voices, but Derek and Jenny left. 
Mr. Nelson raged, "She isn't of age."
Ellen smiled, "By two months, but she has our permission." 
Mr. Nelson shot back, "I'll see that he is penniless!" 

Ellen pointed out, "Sir, Derek is independently wealthy from his grandmother's will."

Mr. Nelson shot back, "Which he doesn't get until he is twenty five."
Ellen smiled, "I happen to have prepared that will, at the request of his
grandmother. There is a clause allowing the executrix to disperse funds
prior to his reaching the age of twenty five, for most any valid reason."

Mr. Nelson wasn't through yet, "And who is this executrix?" 

Ellen answered, "_I am_.

That finally shut up Mr. Nelson. Ellen continued. "Now, the wedding will
be in three days. Carl will proudly lead Jenny down the aisle, and give
her to Derek. You and your wife, and any guests you may wish to invite,
will be welcome. I believe I can convince Father Brown to officiate. He is
Episcopalian, as we are. I think Jenny would like a church wedding,
although it may be small." Ellen and Carl left. Mr. Nelson was
uncharacteristically silent.

Actually there were quite a few at the wedding. Elena and Carlos came,
with Ross and Rhonda. Miss Betsy was with them. Then there was Dox and her
mom, plus Miss Hunt and what seemed like about half the school. Grace,
Sally, Nancy and Miki were there from the Sorority, and of course gramps
and gran. Jenny was radiant in a simple white gown. She refused a fancy
wedding dress that she would only wear once. 

At almost the last minute Jim and Barbara Nelson arrived. The service was
inspiring and soon Derek and Jenny were man and wife. 

Carl had reserved a large room at a local hotel for the reception. A
number of toasts were drunk to the young couple. Finally Jim Nelson got
up, "We were opposed to this marriage, not that it did us any good.
However, today we have seen just how much our son and new daughter love
each other. You are both welcome in our house at any time and you may stay
as long as you desire. I would like to propose a toast to the bride and
groom and hope that they enjoy a very long and happy marriage." 

Later he was seen shaking hands with Derek and embracing Jenny. 
Because they were both in school, they had chosen her room for a
honeymoon. The next morning she would glow every time she looked at her
new husband, but she was sitting on a pillow. 

There was one thing she had promised Roycee and that was to take a 'Final
Exam' with the butt-plug. She explained to Derek, so he inserted the
monster first thing in the morning. He was amazed as the plug expanded her
asshole and finally slipped in. She purposely picked a gym day in the hope
someone would notice the end sticking out and say something. The whole
class swam nude, so there was plenty of opportunity. No one said anything
as they undressed and jumped into the pool. 

No one said anything during practice either. She took a shower after
practice and purposely dropped the soap to give her an excuse to lean
down. After doing this three times one of her friends said, "Jenny, what
in the world do you have sticking out of your rear?" 

Jenny innocently felt back there and said, "Oh, that is just a butt-plug.
Roycee taught me to use it and I promised that for a 'final exam' I'd wear
it for a whole day, to school. It's pretty big; all you can see is the
part that isn't inside me." 

Her friend said, "My God, Jen, just how big is it?" 
Jenny smiled. By now all the girls had heard at least part of the
conversation and were anxious to know what she was 'wearing', "I still
have difficulty inserting it, not because it hurts, but because I can't
see what I'm doing. I'd be glad to show it to you if someone knows enough
about butt-plugs to put it back in. I have K-Y jelly with me, in case I
had to take a shit, but then I would have had a struggle re-inserting it.
Do I have a volunteer?"

A girl Jenny really didn't know very well stepped forward. Her parents had
moved to town only about six months ago, so she was finishing up her
senior year at the local high school. She smiled at Jenny, "I've been
playing with fisting for several years, so I shouldn't have a problem.
I'll even demonstrate that my hand will go up your rear, if your plug is
the one I think it is, and you have practiced." 

Jenny smiled at her, "Well, Janine, I do love fisting, but why don't you
remove the plug and show it to all these curious girls. Then, if you think
it is big enough, I'd love to have you fist me." 

One girl spoke up, "Are you trying to tell us that a fist, as in 'hand'
will go up your bunghole? That's ridiculous!" 

Jenny moved a bit so all the girls could watch and said, "Janine, shall we
_SHOW_ them?"

_Zip_, Janine had the plug out, "It is a bit soiled, which is normal, of
course. I'll wash it off before I re-insert it." Jenny bent over and
spread her legs. Janine gently put her four fingers into Jenny's rear,
using plenty of lube. Her thumb was tucked under. Jenny had kept up her
practice with Nadine, so the fist slipped easily into Jenny. 

One of the girls squealed, "I don't believe it!" 
Janine and Jenny smiled. Janine said, "Would you like to step over here?
I'm in the nude and so is Jenny. 'No mirrors', like they say. Now if my
hand is not up her ass, then where the hell is it? By the way, Jenny, you
have obviously practiced quite a bit. How far up have you had a fist?" 

Jenny laughed, "I can't see my asshole too well, but my friend tells me
she has been almost to the elbow. She has a small hand, but yours feels
nice inside me. I have no pain, so why not go a bit higher?" 

Janine was gentle as she proceeded to move her arm into Jenny, using lots
of lube. Jenny moaned in pleasure, "Oh, that feels so good. If you have
never tried it, you have no idea what a turn-on it can be. If I had a cum,
I'd faint, for sure."

Janine said, "Miss 'Doubting Thomas', where is the rest of my arm? Are you
satisfied? We have to catch the bus, so I can't spend any more time up her
ass today, as much as I'd like to." 

She slowly withdrew her arm and finally her hand. She wiped Jenny's ass
and re-inserted the cleaned and lubed plug. She then turned on a shower
and carefully washed the arm that had been in Jenny. She dried off and
went to Jenny, "Thanks sweetheart, that was nice." She embraced Jenny, who
was still nude.

Jenny returned the embrace and kissed Janine on the lips with her mouth
open, like she was kissing her husband. They kissed for some time before
breaking up. Jenny smiled and said, "It was extra nice for me Janine,
having you inside me, but we will have to get together when we have more
time so I can put my arm into you." 

One girl said, "Wow, that was a hot kiss! Jenny, I thought you were just married."
Jenny smiled, embraced Janine again and shared a very wet kiss. She said,
"Derek understands that I am bi-sexual. I love him very much, but that
doesn't mean I can't have fun with girls. God, but you left me hot,
Janine. I hope Derek is home when I get there. He is going to get one nice
big juicy fuck."

Janine smiled, "I have a date with my boyfriend after school, so I'm going
to get it in both holes, for sure. Thanks again Jenny." 

Derek waved from their car as Jenny started for the bus. "Jenny shouted,
have to tell Joe I've got a ride. Joe, my husband is picking me up today."

Joe was always kidding her, especially since her marriage, "Don't bust a
bed spring honey."

Jenny looked at Joe, "We sure as hell are going to try, as soon as we get
home. Something you wouldn't believe happened in the locker room, and I'm
so hot I'd scorch one of your seats if I went with you. Ask Janine, if she
wants to talk about it."

Jenny hopped into the car, "Sweetheart, I had the butt-plug out once today."
Derek replied, "Did you have to go poo-poo?" 

Jenny laughed, "No darling, it was to let a girl put her arm up my ass in
the locker room. About twenty girls were watching. What a lovely turn-on.
She and I are going to get together again when we have more time. I
haven't had a chance to fist her yet. You can watch, like you did when
Nadine was at our place."

Derek laughed, "She can come any time, if it's going to be like last time
with Nadine. I could feel her fingers on my dick through your holes. Hey,
you have been naughty, and get twenty five with the cane as soon as we get home."

Jenny pretended to be horrified, "Oh, darling, not the cane. I can't take
twenty five big ones from you with that horrible cane." 

"Not only that, but you are going to get fucked up the ass and wear nipple clips."
They went quickly to their room when they arrived home. Soon Jenny was
screaming with the cane. Derek would stop occasionally to pull on the
chain for her nipple clips. He was practiced by now, and made her scream
that way too. As soon as she had her twenty five, out came the plug and in
went his dick. She was still crying from the spanking. She screamed as he
played with her nipple clips, with his other hand under her, on her clit.
She had her first cum in seconds.

Restraining himself, Derek put the plug back in, since he knew it helped
her arousal, untied her and flipped her over. He put on a condom, since he
had been in her back hole, and entered her in the more conventional
manner. He pulled on the clips and she had her second cum about the time
he hit bottom. They played until he just had to have his cum, and they
increased their tempo. They crested together, something they were very
good at, and Jenny fainted. Derek covered them both and they slept in each
other's arms until Ellen knocked on their door. 

She shouted, "If you can stop fucking long enough, supper is on the
table." Since it was very quiet, Ellen knew that they probably _had_ made
love, but were not at it right now. 

Jenny shouted back, "We just had our 10th cum, so we will be right there."
She and Derek had a tousled look at the table. Ellen laughed, "You two
have that 'just fucked' look, and I think it is very lovely. I note that
you are sitting on a pillow, Jenny." 

Jenny came back, "The brute spanked me for a little thing like letting one
of the girls but her arm up my butt in the locker room. Besides, he put
the clips on and almost pulled off my tits." She rubbed her chest. She
wasn't wearing a bra, and felt one of her tits. She pinched and let out a small scream.
Ellen laughed and spoke to Derek, "That was her left one. Now let's hear
from her right one. You do it Derek." 

Derek kissed his wife tenderly, as his hand strayed to her right tit. He
found it and gave it a very good pinch. "UMMMMM." said Jenny, not having
much luck trying to scream through the kiss. 

Ellen served supper, "Carl, don't you think it was naughty of me to tease our lovebirds?"
Carl smiled, "Yes, dear, very naughty. I'm glad we bought a second cane.
One isn't enough for all the naughty little girls in this house." 

Later that night, Derek and Jenny heard screams from down the hall. This
got them hot again, so she got another twenty five with their cane.
Screams from both mother and daughter blended like a duet. Then they made
beautiful love and slept in each other's arms. She took a pillow to school
with her the next day. All her friends knew what that meant, and many were jealous.




EPILOG

Roycee greeted the Rodriguez' when they arrived for the fall term. They
were driving an old VW, like Elena had always wanted. Under the paint,
which was original, the bug was almost brand new. She welcomed them to
'Ross Gardens', a home away from home for girls and boys, largely Harvard
students. A young couple managed it for Ross, who planned to visit as
often as possible. The husband was an instructor at Harvard and his wife a
doctoral candidate, with one sweet little three year old girl. Jenny and
Elena both fell in love with the little girl, but vowed to not interrupt
their studies, even for a baby, until they graduated. 

Roycee had discovered the 'Boston Dungeon Society', so she was getting and
giving enough to keep her ass satisfied. She soon had Elena and Carlos
going to meetings and playing. Elena was a bit embarrassed to be on
display, the first time she was publicly spanked. About two good spanks
later she forgot the audience completely. 

About two years after their marriage, Rhonda presented Ross with twin
girls. They both agreed to spank them when they were older. 

Jenny did two years at the local college, then transferred to Harvard.
Naturally, she and Derek stayed at Ross gardens. He transferred to MIT,
which was only a few miles down Mass. Avenue from Harvard. Since he
already had his undergraduate degree, he was accepted as a Masters candidate.

Roycee surprised everyone by finally falling in love! He was a grad
student from London, of all places. His family had moved there two
generations previously, due to the unrest in South Africa. She found him
through the Boston Dungeon Society, so they were well matched in that
respect. She claimed he was the only person who could spank her hard
enough and long enough to satisfy her ass. The other four friends were
there at a Society meeting one night when he was topping her. It seemed to
take forever, but he finally got her to 'safeword'. They were married in the spring.

One night at a Dungeon Society meeting, they brought out two crosses.
Jenny was strapped to one and Elena the other. Elena had given one of the
extra strops to Jenny. Naturally, Carlos spanked Elena and Derek spanked
Jenny. A girl started the count. On 'one' both girls got a lash. On 'two'
they got another. Their combined screaming damn near broke a window. They
took a dozen, and were carried off to rest. They got a standing ovation.

Miss Hunt was now Mrs. Lewis, and enjoying married life very much. She
remembered Jenny and her spankings. Dox would show up with a very well
spanked ass, and challenge the kids that gave her any static. They were
all swimming nude, so Dox's ass was very much on view. If anyone asked why
she had been spanked, she replied, "I just happened to want one." This was
the truth, but no one in the class, except Mrs. Lewis, believed her. 

She was telling her husband, Jody, about her day, and mentioned the
spankings she used to see on Jenny, and now on Dox. She remarked, "I think
they both got spanked on purpose some times. You know, Jody, just thinking
about you giving me one is turning me on." 

Jody smiled, "Just thinking about taking you over my lap and spanking your
bare ass is turning _me_ on. Come here, you naughty little girl." It
wasn't much of a spanking, but it was a start, and they made very vigorous
love on the floor afterwards. They couldn't wait to get to the bedroom.

Soon they visited the Leather Shop and were well supplied with restraints
and spanking toys. After a good one, Jody was virtually attacked by his wife.

She still was the gym instructor and training Dox. The girl was very fast,
but lacked training, so she won many meets her freshman year, but the team
wasn't really with her. She continued to practice all summer, and the team
really took off in the fall. She was able to bring the State Championship
back to the school in her sophomore year. She continued to inspire the
team, and they took the State Championship an unprecedented three times in a row.

Ellen gave her regular spankings, but that was because Dox wanted them,
not that she was naughty. Her Grade Point Average in high school was very
close to 4.00 and Ross had her accepted conditionally by Harvard.
Naturally, she kept her grades up and soon was a resident of Ross Gardens.

Dox was very happy with the Boston Dungeon Society. She soon met a number
of members of the group and was invited to spanking activities. Her sister
was married, and wanted to be with her husband. The same was true of Jenny
and Elena. She didn't want to bother them when she needed a spanking, but
she did occasionally. At one play party she met a big, thin guy who was
about her color, which was light chocolate. He gave her a good one at the
party, and took her out later. Soon they were dating, spanking and
finally, fucking. He was a mixture, as she was, but part American Indian.
They waited until summer break to marry. He lived in a dorm, and was very
happy to move to Ross Gardens.

Some of the girls complained about the screaming, but they got used to it,
particularly when they discovered that a good deal of it was coming from
the owner's daughter, Elena.

Dox, Elena and Jenny would often carry a soft pillow to class in their backpack.

The END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





