BDSM Library - Amber In A Box




Amber In A Box
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A short story about a slave girl mailed to another master for the weekend entertainment.
Amber In A Box

written by MrBondskin (fictional account containing: 
M/f,bdsm,tor,scat,inc,piss,pierce)

address all comments to MrBondskin@aol.com




"Amber In A Box" Part 1: The Arrival

The box was finally pried open.  All the partygoers leaned forward with  their 
martini and brandy glasses in hand.  A slight muffle was heard through  all of 
the styrafoam blocks.  The well-dressed man to whom this crate was  addressed 
rummaged through the crate and the styrafoam like a kid rifling through  a 
giant Cracker Jacks box.   The guests peered in for a closer look.  The  gasps 
were audible as his blue-blooded friends and colleagues focused on the  form 
beyond the foam. 

It was a beautiful girl, no more than 18, arranged perfectly in the  center of 
the cube that had been her cell for two shipping days. The gasps were  not so 
much for the fact that the contents were human, but rather reflecting  the 
manner of her packaging.  The teenager's mouth was wide open, but  filled with 
a metal dildo which was mounted to the inside wall of the crate.  A set  of 
rubber guards, not unlike a mouthpiece worn by ahtletes, capped both  sets of 
teeth.  A large metal ring descended from her nose, pierced right at  the 
septum.  The ring dangled low enough to rest against the thick shaft of  the 
metal dildo.  Unseen was a tiny breathing tube that ran through the  middle of 
the dildo.  One open end of the tubing reached for outside air through  a tiny 
hole in the crate itself; and the other open of course was held firmly  inside 
the teenager's mouth.

Further defoaming revealed more of the girl's svelte physique, and the 
remainder of her body's strict bondage.  She wore no clothes, if you do  not 
count the obvious accessories needed to restrain her limbs.  On her  left 
breast, a white Post-It note was literally pinned on her with a  two-inch long 
needle.  The note simply read in red letters: Slave's name upon  delivery, 
Amber.  The man removed the pin rather quickly, eliciting a wimpish  moan from 
the girl.  Only her tight blindfold prevented everyone from seeing the  new 
tears forming in her eyes.

"Quickly Charles, do pass the note around," a voice said coming from  the 
couch.  It was a man much older than the upholstery he was seated on,  holding 
a brandy elegantly in his palm.  With his free hand, he flicked with  his 
pointy mustache and pleaded with his associate, "And for God's sake,  Charles, 
get out of the way.  We all want to get a good look at her."

Charles removed the pin from the terse note and passed it to the tender  fingers
of his fiancee, Miss Leonia.  Then he took two steps back to  allow  others to
see inside.  His head tilted like some curious dog, trying to  both  fix his
view and figure out her various predicaments. 

Slave Amber's arms were bent at the elbow behind her back, and both of  her 
limbs fit snugly into a fully laced black armbinder.  The ring at the  end of 
the binder was pulled straight back to the wooden wall facing her ass.   An 
eyebolt had been secured into the crate and the armbinder ring was  padlocked 
to the metal ring of the bolt. Amber's back was drawn up into an  awkward arch 
as her knees were forced up under her body.  A leather strap was tied  at the 
bend in her knees and that strap had two small chain links that  travelled 
north to connect with the slave's collar ring.  Her unpadded collar was  made 
of an unforgiving plated iron.  Around her neck their were obvious  signs that 
the box's movements could be felt painfully inside the crate itself.

A larger dildo emerged from its position on the opposite side of the  crate.  
Much of the metal dildo could be seen, but even more of it was plunged  inside 
the girl's pussy.  Even after days of shipping time, the self-charging 
batteries could be heard humming inside the dildo.  Charles looked  closer.  
The dildo was vibrating just enough to keep her moist, but not nearly  enough 
to induce an orgasm.  Taped along the shaft of the vaginal dildo was a  thin 
clear plastic tube.  It ran from within her urethra, along the dildo,  then 
stapled carefully to the bottom inside of the crate, and finally ran up  to  the
metal dildo, where the tube was again taped until it ran into  Amber's  mouth. 
What the onlookers could not see was the amount of piss that  the girl  had
rotated from her own body, from pussy to mouth, over and again in  the  last 48
hours. 

Charles could see there something sitting firmly and widely in her  anus.  A 
raised half inch of a plastic black dildo reared its shiny head.  In  truth,  it
was more a plug filling up her asshole.  The buttplug was shaped  like a  huge
acorn with tapered ends.  Extending from the exterior of the  buttplug  was a
small black tube leading to an oval pump.  Though most in his  crowd  might not
be able to interpret the genius of this device, Charles knew  that  the plug
must enter the asshole as one size, and then, with a few  pumps, the  plug
doubled in girth once inside the pitiable victim.  This plug also  prevented the
slave from shitting on herself in her travel box, try as  she  might. 

Charles turned to his small audience.  He reached into his pocket and  pulled 
out the envelope that held a set of keys that had been sent overnight  to him 
separately.  He jingled them for effect and got the attention of all. 

"Ladies and Gentlemen, the dessert has finally arrived." 

* * * * * end of Part 1 * * * * *




"Amber In A Box"  Part 2: The Bath

After an hour of carefully extracting Amber from her small prison cell,  her 
situation had not improved drastically.  She was hanging upside down in  one  of
many of the mansion's "playrooms." Her head was looking at hardwood  floor 
about 4 feet away.  The slave's arms were still in the binder and now  the  ring
was drawn up to the wooden beams near the ceiling.

Everything else that held her in the box so securely had been removed,  save 
for the iron collar and the monstrous buttplug.  Amber could feel the  rumble 
in her belly and intestines from the absolute need to relieve herself  there.  
Her eyes were wide with fear as Charles handed out different whips to  his 
party mates.  She was whipped furiously by men and woman alike.  It did  not 
take long to discover that while she was trained not to speak, Amber  did have 
a voice for screaming.  The whip came crashing down on every part of  her  naked
body no less than 1000 times.  She bucked and squirmed and  wiggled with  each
whiplash like some slinky worm baited off a fisherman's hook. 

Charles lowered her exhausted body carefully down to the hardwood.  His  maids 
came over and offered her a cup of water.  She instinctively swallowed  what 
was trickled to her lips.  Then she instantly spit it out when she  tasted  that
it was vinegar.  Amber was covered in welts and tiny bruises.  Her  body  was
covered in a coat of sweat, and she couldn't even lift her legs to  move.   The
trip had been long for this slave, so Charles ordered his maids to  run  her a
bath upstairs and personally clean every last inch of her.

Once in the warm water, Amber regained a little of her own strength.   She was 
surprised by the kindness of the maids as they lowered her into the  garden 
tub.  It was large enough for three women, so the maids removed their  short 
skirts, frilly black and white tops, and high heels and slipped into  the pool 
of water as well.  As Amber's eyes focused on the maids getting each  other 
wet, she realized that she was looking at a set of identical twins.   They had 
matching dark Betty Page wigs and each had identical deep dark brown  eyes to 
highlight their light brown Asian complexions. 

Tai and Kai had smallish breasts but their perky nipples were accented  by 
gleaming silver on their nipples.  Tai had both of her nipples pierced  with 
small silver rings, while Kai had her dark nipples pierced with silver  bars 
that ran horizontally.  The contrasts were made in their clit rings as  well.  
Tai had a bright ring piercing her clit, and Kai had the silver bar.   This  was
evidently the method Charles used to tell the two apart.  Amber had  only  known
the pain in her nasal septum piercing.  So far, her primary  master had  made no
other piercing demands.  But she was aware that when she was  gifted  out to a
fellow master, the permission to pierce Amber was made  implicit just  by her
arrival.

The lovely maids made their way to Amber's pain-wrecked body and  slowly, 
sensually applied their soapy sponges to her skin.  When one maid was  running 
the sponge, the other was generally kissing or licking the newly  arrived 
slave.  That's when Amber noticed the feel of something across her  tongue.  
Tai had her tongue pierced with a small ring that just extended over  the edge 
of her tongue.  And of course, this meant that Kai had her lively  tongue 
pierced with a bar instead.

It was not difficult to momentarily forget her own pains, although  Amber's 
plugged ass was still rumbling.  Rumbling loud enough for the Asian  twins to 
hear.  Amber pleaded with the twins to let her remove the plug.  Tai  and Kai 
looked at each other.  They had been Charles' slaves for only six  months, and 
clearly they knew something of the agony she was experiencing.  Amber  was so 
grateful.  She kissed them both quickly before trying to raise her body  up  out
of the tub.  When her fatigue was so obvious, the twins assisted  her, 
steadying her as Amber reached around to decompress the device in her  ass.  
Amber's arms were useless.  They had been tied together in that box for  so 
long, she could still hardly feel them, let alone move them at will. 

"Please, I need your help.  I need you to help me pull it out."

With only a little hesitation, Kai reached back for the oval ball and  found 
the small red release valve.  She let the air out very slowly, and even  so, 
Amber was trying to stifle new tears with the reduction of pressure in  her 
rectum.  Any movement period around her asshole was causing great  discomfort.  

Abruptly, Kai's wrist was grabbed and a fist full of her black hair was  pulled
harshly back.   It was Charles.  He had come to check on the  cleaning  of his
new plaything.  Tai saw her sister's dislodged wig fall into the  bathwater.  In
seconds, she dropped her position holding up Amber and  dashed  out onto the
marble floor.  Cold and wet Tai dropped to her knees, bent  her  head down
looking to the floor, with her hands firmly clasped behind  her  back.  Tai
arched her back and exaggerated the thrust of her petite  breasts. 

Amber slid back into the water and just laid there, not knowing what to  expect
from this new surrogate master.  Out of the corner of her eye,  she saw  a
slippery wet Kai assume the same submissive position as her twin  sister.   Kia
was clearly more afraid of her master than embarrassed for a  stranger to  see
her smoothly shaven head. 

"I am so disappointed in you.  All of you."

Charles reached for Amber and lifted her by the ring on her collar,  hoisting 
her perfectly rounded ass above the water.  He readjusted the pressure  valve 
and squeezed the pump several times.  Amber's screams could be heard by  all 
the drunken boozers and debutantes downstairs. 

"I didn't give anyone permission to remove this, or even loosen it."

Then he turned his full attention to his submissive, and recently  disobedient 
Asian slaves.  "You are so eager to disregard the established rules.   Since 
you two are so willing to help relieve this new slave,  I'm going to  let you 
both enjoy the fruits of your labor."

* * * * * end of Part 2* * * * *




"Amber In A Box" Part 3: The Show


The guests had pulled up about 25 fold-out leather director's chairs  and they 
circled the young Amber as she hung from the ceiling.  The slave's  wrists had 
been cuffed and connected to the chainlink, and most of her body's  weight was 
supported by her dainty wrists.  The only other support came from the  leather 
restraints around her ankles.  Each ankle was pulled wide apart in  opposite 
directions, exposing her sex for everyone to see.  The monstrous  buttplug 
remained in her sore asshole, pumped even larger so that it would not  slip 
even the slightest inch with her legs spread to far apart. 

Below Amber, not a two feet away from edge of her toes, lie the two  disobedient
slaves, Tai and Kai.  Master Charles had each girl wrapped  up in  strict
Shibari style rope bondage.  Flat on their back, their wrists  were  stretched
down to their knees, and their ankles had been drawn back  painfully  to the
level of their elbows. They were lying with one ear touching,  their  legs
running in opposing directions, so that Tai's right cheek touched  Kai's  right
cheek.  The breasts had been roped off and squeezed fiercely by  the 
constrictive ropes.  Tai and Kai could just roll down their eyes to see  that 
their little breasts were already turning a shade of light purple.  The 
individual necks were chained down to the floor. Charles had returned  their 
collars and padlocked the D-rings to eyebolts that ran everywhere along  the 
floor of this playroom. 

Directly above their faces, Amber's plugged ass squirmed and shook.   The 
pressure in her bowels was growing worse with every second.  For some 2  hours,
Charles let the crowd take this scene in.  To make things a  little  more
interesting, Charles told his friends to piss on the Asian twins  whenever they
walked by to freshen their drinks or pick up more finger  food.   The older men
with older bladders made much use of Tai and Kai.  Aiming  piss  right into
their dark brown eyes, or shooting their voluminous piss  directly  into one of
the girl's mouths.  Tai knew that she had better try to  give the  appearance
that she liked this behavior; she knew from past experience  that  the Master
would then "go easy on them".  Tai and Kai could just turn  their  faces toward
one another, so Tai would try to engage her sister with  piss-shared kisses, but
poor Kai could not disguise her disgust for the  piss,  and she feared what she
knew was ultimately coming next.  Tai in the  meantime, would lick on the
yellowed checks of her sister, and try to  slurp  up any piss that flowed freely
down Kai's cheekbone.

Charles handed his fiancee, the lovely Leonia, a small black box with a  dial 
on the face of it.  Charles was preparing the thin electrical cords  which 
sprung from the box.  He spliced the free ends and then approached his  borrowed
slave.  After wiping sweat from her nipples and breasts,  Charles  took the
copper ends of one wire and wrapped them tightly around her  left  nipple.  He
repeated this wrapping with her right nipple.  Checking for  a  loose wire, he
tugged hard on the thin wires, prompting loud moans and  numerous pleas from the
hanging Amber.  Her fingers had gone numb some  time  ago, and she was losing
the feeling in her arms next.  Everyone in the  room  could hear the rumbling in
her ass. 

Charles had his party come to attention again.  He explained a little  bit of 
the boring science behind what his wife was holding, but once the  demonstration
commenced, no one had a difficult time figuring out that  Amber's tits were
being shocked by Charles beautiful fiancee.  When the  electrical juice first
hit Amber, her body appeared to jump to  attention.   The setting was on Low,
but the effect was still evident.  All of her  tight  stomach muscles contracted
showing off her tremendous abdomenal tone.   The  long lean muscles in her legs
were revealed and the veins in her neck  popped  up alertly. 

Noting the jarring of her teeth, Charles waved for Leonia to rest the  box for 
a moment.  A few seconds later, Charles was back with a thick rubber  ring gag 
for the slave's mouth.  He had to step up on a chair to reach Amber's  face.  
Her head was tilted and looked almost lifeless.  The jaws of her mouth  opened 
just enough to slide the ring gag inside.  Charles wrapped the leather  around 
to the back of her head and looped the gag on tightly.

Leonia returned to her role as torturer.  She rolled the dial to the  setting 
which said Medium.  Amber's bladder instantly gave way, sending a wild 
rollicking stream of piss down to the Asian faces below.  Amber bucked  in her 
bonds, her toes curled and her fingers were stretched out until they  appeared 
to want free of her hand. 

Everyone watching knew they were witnessing something unique.  Finally,  Leonia
twisted the setting to the last reading, High.  Within seconds,  Amber's wrists
and ankles were scraping fiercely against their  restraints.  Amber's tongue was
was doing somersaults in the circle of her ring gag.   Copious drool was running
like a stream down her gag, over her chin,  and  falling to her chest.  One of
the copper wires broke free from its  shaky  hold, but Amber's body continued to
convulse. 

And then everyone heard a loud pop, much like a cork freeing itself of  a 
champagne bottle.  Amber's buttplug exploded from her body and shot  straight 
to the hardwood floor, just missing Tai's helpless body.  With the  explosion 
came the release of everything the plug had previously, and for more  than 48 
hours, held at bay.  Shit direct from the slave's electrified asshole  fell to 
the faces of the horrified Tai and Kai.  It only took seconds for Tai  and Kai 
to have theri faces, necks, and breasts covered in Amber's slimy shit.   No  one
seated could even make out the tears each sister was shedding out  of 
humiliation and disgust.

Finally, the second set of wires dislodged from Amber's nipples.  The 
sweat-soaked slave stopped moving immediately, her head falling foward  to  rest
closer to her chest.  She hung there limp, while Tai and Kai spit  out  what
they could of the shit that had found its way into their  respective  mouths. 
Even as Amber passed out from exhaustion, shit continued to  involuntarily slide
down to greet Kai. 

Charles noticed this inequality.  He bent down and ordered Tai to lean  in and 
start munching on some of the shit covering her twin's face.  He may  have  been
cruel, but at least in this exercise of his control, he wanted to  be  cruel and
fair.  Tai hestitated, but not after Charles threatened her  with a  similar
shock treatment.  Tai closed her eyes and turned her tongue  toward  Kai. 
Sheepishly she extended her tongue and picked at the shit.  With  more 
motivation provided by her nearby master, Tai eventually injested the  excessive
smelly shit, clearly swallowing it down for everyone to see. 

And to clear away their pretty features, the partygoers wiped much of  the  shit
away by pissing on girls' bodies for the rest of the night.  

* * * * *end of Part 3* * * * *




"Amber In A Box" Part 4: The Afterhours


Breakfast was laid out beautifully on the table for Charles and his  wife.   The
maids usually did such a wonderful job, and this morning was  exceptional.  
Charles knew their efforts must have been doubled as a result of last  evening's
punishment. 

As for the twin slaves, they were given their five minutes to eat also  in the 
kitchen.  Their matching bowls were sitting on the black and white  checkered 
floor in the corner.  Tai and Kai were in the customary hands and knees 
position, with their tongues pressed deep into their dishes trying to  devour 
quickly every last morsel of the awful-tasting high-protein mush that  was 
their meal. 

The sisters also wore their mandated morning maid outfits.  Each girl  was 
clothed in black latex leggings, shiny opera gloves, 7-inch heels, a  micro-mini
black latex skirt, with the neckline of the blouse cut away.   Their breasts
were completely exposed, and their pierced nipples stood  straight up as the
floor was usually cold to the touch. Rubber collars  were  wrapped snug around
their thin necks, with a single O-ring dangling  toward  the floor.  The Betty
Page wigs were highlighted by a frilly black and  white  lacy French maid's
tiara. 

In a distant room of the mansion, those guests that wanted to stay over  the 
night continued the party.  In fact, most of them had not slept at all  during 
the night and into the morning.  It was an immaculate, gothic themed  room  with
an enormously tall and elaborate 4-post bed.  With her collar  chained to  one
of the posts, Amber was the perfect all-night fuck toy for the  excited  and
energized guests.  About ten men had used her body and every  orifice over  the
last 8 hours.  She had been forced to swallow countless loads of  cum, her 
incredibly sore ass had been pummelled almost as frequently as her  hairless 
pussy.  And more times than she cared to remember, her exhausted figure  had 
been squished into a sandwich by two to three men.  Her mind tried to  find 
thoughts to carry her away especially when she had a cock gagging her  mouth,  a
second cock penetrating her pussy, and finally a third cock pushing  its way 
rather easily now past her anal ring and deep into her asshole. 

Moreover, she was pissed on, shitted on, and made to drink the 
yellowish-brownish collections made frequently to the toilet.  And if  someone 
missed the toilet, more chain link was added between the post and  her  collar 
and she was forced to lick up the mess made on the tile marble floor.   It was 
not until all of the guests had passed out and crashed somewhere in the  room 
that her torment stopped. 

Amber woke some hours later in a new confinement.  Warm water was  hitting her 
face, and she struggled to see what was going on.  She was in a  brightly lit 
room, where everything appeared to be made of a shiny silver metal.   Two 
bright flourescent lamps lit the entire room. It reminded her of a  clinic.  
The water finally stopped.  She saw the smiling face of Master Charles  enter 
her view. She lifted her chin and rose to speak, but a black rubber  ballgag  in
her mouth reduced the sound to nonsense.

"You are in my little medical office, dear.  I know you've been to the  Ob-Gyn 
before, so you'll recognize the stirrups holding your legs up and cold  table 
under your naked body.  In a few hours though, I don't know if you will 
recognize yourself."

Charles walked over to a metal table and he returned with a mobile cart  topped
off with a hundred and one menacing surgeon's instruments.   Amber  began to
renew her struggles, only to find that leather restraints held  her  ankles and
wrists down to the medical chair.  Charles continued to  reorganize  the sterile
metal tools.

"When your Master and I made the arrangements, as you know, there was a  sizable
sum of cash and a plain contract involved.  I remember the  phrase,  something
about, 'No permanent damage' being included somewhere.  But  after  all, what is
the definition of  'damage' anyway?  I don't remember that  one  being clearly
spelled out.  You know what I was thinking?  One person's  damage is another
person's art.  I mean, if an egg is cracked, sure  it's  damaged, but now, the
egg has the chance to become something else.  A  chance  to be modified, if you
will.  I know, it's a crude analogy, Amber, but  I'm  kind of pressed for time."

Amber felt a prick at her arm, and she realized it was an injection.   Charles 
waved, almost playfully, as her drowsy eyelids flickered up and down. 

"Sweet dreams."

* * * * * end of Part 4* * * * *




"Amber In A Box" Part 5: The Homecoming


Finally, Master John pried the 6 foot-tall crate open.  As the wooden  wall 
came crashing down with a thunderous roar, thousands of tiny S-shaped  styrafoam
pieces poured out.  John was immediately at a loss for words.   Amber, his
freshly trained slave had been returned from her weekend at  Charles mansion. 
And it was obvious that Charles had decided to make a  few  alterations on his
slave.

Amber was standing up in the box, screaming at top of her lungs, but  the 
complex gag held most of the sounds in check.   Amber's eyes were  filled with 
tears.  She had actually been crying off and on since she had awakened  inside 
the box.  A harness gag was wrapped around her head, and the top ring  of the 
gag was padlocked to a D-ring fixed onto the top of the crate.   An  oversized 
red ballgag was the centerpiece.  And in the center of the gag, Charles  had 
drilled a hole for her breathing tube, which ran its way to the outside  of  the
crate, at least allowing her to breathe.

On her left cheek, the surrogate master had tattooed a small but very 
noticeable red heart.  Within the walls of the outline, the word SLAVE  was 
etched in calligraphy.  Her ears had six additional rings on the  semi-hard 
cartilige. Amber's nose ring had been replaced by a more complex  piercing.   On
either side of the septum, a metal plate was situated.  The metal  plates  had
two hollow circles which allowed for two rings to pierce through  her  septum
and hold the plates in place.  The plates had been formed and  then  welded,
creating a permanent piercing.  The inner ring was thinner and  smaller, while
the outer ring was thicker and nearly touched Amber's  top lip.  

Around Amber's neck, Charles had tattooed intricate Eastern Oriental  designs 
and symbols.  They covered almost her entire neck. And what wasn't  touched by 
the permanent ink was covered by the unpadded iron collar. 

Charles had also made serious modifications of the slave's breast size.   For 
most of her life after puberty, Amber's breast size was a modest 36B.   After 
the implant surgery and subsequent 24 hours of saline injections, her  chest  at
this moment could be measured at 40DD.  Charles knew of course that  much  of
the swelling would go down, but he wanted to impress John when she  was 
delivered first out of the box. 

One of the reasons that Amber was screaming into her gag was the  unnatural  and
agonizing pain of the skin covering her breasts.  She felt like she  was  going
to pop.  Complicating that pain was the incredible throbbing in  her  nipples. 
Her nipples had been pierced a total of three times each.   The  deepest
piercing was a bar that really went through the areola more  than the  nipple.
The second piercing was an ordinary ring, about one inch in  diameter,  and the
third piercing was a bar that almost struck the very tip of her  nipple.  The
two bars were connected, and the rods between them were  effectively stretching
her nipples from her breasts. 

Amber's arms were hidden behind her back, held together by the same  armbinder 
that Master John had delivered her with.  When John pulled her free of  the  box
entirely, and removed the binder, he would see the brightly-colored  Dragon
tattoo that started at Amber's right elbow, up her arm, over her  shoulder, down
her spine, and rounding out over her right asscheek.   When  Charles was
completing this artwork, he hoped he would get the chance  to  borrow Amber
again in the future.  His dream, among other fantasies  with  Amber, was to
extend the Dragon tattoo all the way down to her little  toe. 

Amber was standing up in the crate, but not of her own free will.  Her  ass  was
actually sitting on a metal dildo, held up by a 48-inch tall metal  pole  bolted
into the bottom of the crate.  She could feel that she was  impaled on 
something, but her augmented breasts would prevent her from seeing just  what.  
The huge 8-inch dildo had tiny dull spikes around its surface, so  whenever  the
package moved, the dildo caused excruciating pain for the girl  inside.   Even
though her feet had been fitted with ballet boots, which forced  Amber to  stand
on her toes, her asshole could get little relief from the  constant  presence of
the metal invader.  The ballet boots were made of a shiny  black  latex material
and they laced in the back, all the way up to where her  thighs  met her pussy
lips. 

The teenager knew she was hurting all over, and her body was telling  her  brain
that the pussy held the most painful of all modifications.  The  hood of  her
clit had been pierced with a small ring and that ring was connected  to  the
O-ring of her iron collar.  Little slack was in that particular  chain  link, so
whenever she lifted her head up slightly, her hood hurt like  hell. 

The clit itself had been pierced not once but twice with metal bars.   And 
along her swollen pussy lips, a series of 6 metals bars effectively  sealed  her
pussy shut.  When she was finally reopened, Master John would  discover  that
her inner labia had been pierced closed by a series of 6 tiny  rings.       

John reached in and removed the Post-it pinned onto her left breast. 

"Hope you like the changes. Thanks again, Charles. P.S.--- Is Amber free next
weekend?"

John looked up from the note, looked at Amber from head to toe, and  smiled.


* * * * the end* * * * *




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  MrBondskin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





