BDSM Library - The Sailboat




The Sailboat
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A short story about consentaneous bondage play on a sailboat.
The Sailboat

by Bruce Boxer 




The Sailboat

Kayne felt the cool, moist air blowing across her face
giving her sunburned cheeks relief . It felt soothing
as she had been on the deck of Michael's new 35-foot
Catalina sailboat since dawn. Now she watched the sun
setting on the dusty red horizon--"Red sun at night"
she whispered, "A sailor's delight". At her left, she
saw lights flickering throughout the small, Chesapeake
Bay tourist village nearly a mile in the distance. To
her right, she saw a string of nun buoys blinking red
and bobbing in the water. Bells sounded that light
tinkling nautical sound that she'd heard around
sailing towns all her life. It was a very pleasant
summer evening Kayne thought.

She remained naked as she had all day except during
their earlier delicious sessions. Now she was bound
immobile to the boat's mast. Her arms were stretched
above her and tied off to the boom. While her feet did
not touch the deck, her hips rested in the botswain's
chair so she was comfortable. She could hear Michael
below in the galley cleaning up their dinner dishes.
He was humming and occasionally singing the Cat
Stevens song "Miles From Nowhere." While his voice was
not world-class, he could carry a tune. He certainly
sounded happy. "And why shouldn't he be," Kayne
thought. "A new boat, perfect summer day, great dinner
and me," Kayne smiled as she wondered what the night
would bring.

Michael ascended from below toting one of those
Champaign bottles with flowers hand-painted on the
bottle and two crystal stemmed flutes. He was dressed
in Khaki shorts and a navy blue collared shirt. He
nestled himself in his swiveling helmsman's seat near
the rudder and about 2 feet from, and under, Kayne's
nude and displayed body. He kicked off his topsiders
and rested his feet on the boom vang, a contraption of
ropes and pulleys that steadied the boom, and began to
pack his pipe with Captain Black tobacco.

"It's been a super day Kayne," Michael stated matter
of factly. "I'm glad you were able to get away this
week and help me christen the boat--and by the
way--you look lovely up there." He smiled at her as he
pressed the vang with his foot. The pressure on the
vang caused the room to rise and stretched Kayne's
already taut form even more. He bounced the vang and
thereby caused Kaye's body to jostle.

"I love to see your breasts jiggle." he chuckled.
Michael loved all of Kayne's physique-and when bound
and extended, it was even more alluring.

Kayne moaned softly as the movement of the boom,
enhanced by the wave action on the boat, made her
aware of all the muscles in her body. Michael
continued to hum softly as her torso swayed and the
tension from her waist up rhythmically increased then
eased. Standing with one foot maintaining pressure on
the vang, Michael grabbed the rope mainsail sheet and
gave it a single turn around Kayne's abdomen and the
mast. As he pushed on the vang and Kayne's form
extended, he tightened the loop around her waist. As
her form contracted, the constriction of her torso
prevented her drawing a full breath. He continued this
series of movements while moving his free hand to her
pubic area and beginning a vaginal massage. Kayne
abandoned herself to the heavenly sensations that
permeated every part of her body. Although she had
lost count of the orgasms she had that day, she knew
that the next few would easily push it into double
digits. Michael dropped his head to her breasts and
suckled her as his fingers massaged her clit and
probed her vagina. She exploded and screamed in
pleasure as Michael managed to extend her while
simultaneously finding the perfect spot on her
clitoris and biting her rock-hard left nipple.

With Kayne nearly in a faint, Michael released the
rope restricting her breathing, reached around her
suspended form linking his hands from behind her onto
her shoulders and added his full weight to her. The
addition of his near 200 pounds caused Kayne to gasp
and exhale fully. With the gush of air, Michael
clamped his mouth to hers and thrust his cock deep
into her. With mutually probing tongues, Michael
stabbed his penis deeper into Kayne's sore but
welcoming cunt. They grunted and came simultaneously
as they always did.

The END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bruce Boxer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





