BDSM Library - Rubber In The Night




Rubber In The Night
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young woman on her Vegas vacation is invited to a private BDSM party  and  finds herself the main stage attraction.
Rubber In The Night

by MrBondskin
MrBondskin@aol.com




Rubber In The Night

Gina had come to Las Vegas with her family when she was young. Gina was  only 
10 years old at the time. She remembered that there was very little to  do, at 
least as a minor. Now at the age of 24, Gina came to Vegas on her  week's 
vacation with an agenda. She was determined to seek out some fun and  adventure.

To look at Gina the casual observer would think she would have all  kinds of 
friends and lovers, and no trouble pursuing any kind of fun she  desired. She 
was 5'8", weighed a 115, had dark brown eyes, and long chestnut-brown  hair 
that streamed down to the middle of her back. Her waist hadn't really  changed 
since high school, still 24 inches, while her breasts had continue to  fill  out
a little through her college days. Gina was really proud of her 36C  size  and
matching 36 thighs. But in spite of her easy-on-the-eyes  appearance, Gina 
worked long hours and found very little free time in her busy Los  Angeles 
schedule to work in any pleasure. Her contribution in the advertising  office 
was making the company big bucks, but even Gina's boss could tell that  she 
needed some R & R.

Gina got dressed up to join the party at Studio 54 that first night of  her 
arrival. Gina brought out her sexy black dress that barely covered her  upper 
thighs. She was sure that if she ever started jumping on the dance  floor, her 
black thong lingerie underneath would show for the whole world to see.  She 
wore a cleavage-improving wonderbra, although her breasts really didn't  require
the improvement. And she packed the sexiest black, five-inch  heels  she could
find in her suitcase. The buff bouncer at the entrance looked  her  up and down
and, judging by the growing bulge in his pants was  impressed with  her
appearance, but he didn't even look at her driver's license.

"Sorry, ma'am. Private function tonight. Invitation only."

Gina began to sulk. She had finally gotten herself in the mood to dance  and 
drink and let her inhibitions go, and now this obstacle.

"Excuse me, miss," a voice from behind started, " I couldn't help but  notice 
your dilemma. Would you care to join my party?" Gina turned and sized  up the 
man and the offer. He was  decked out in full tux with a pair of women  behind 
him. The girls kept their heads down staring at the floor and did not  look at 
Gina. They were dressed in identical rubber outfits. Rubber leg  stockings  that
positively shined under the casino lights and stretched over their  skin 
incredibly tight. Each had rubber opera gloves, latex bras, and 
micro-mini-dresses that hardly concealed their asscheeks. Their hair,  one 
blond and the other brunette, was braided in tight locks all the way  down 
their backs. They held their hands behind their backs and stood  perfectly 
still.

"Oh, I don't know, I mean, the bouncer said I needed an invitation, and  I,  uh,
um," Gina stumbled for excuses.

"I can take care of this misunderstanding. You see, it is my private  function,"
he explained. "Jerome, this lady is with me tonight."  The  bouncer  nodded and
withdrew.  "Whatever you say, Mr. Bondskin." 

"Should I call you Mr. Bondskin too?  I don't even know your name," she  asked.
"I'm Gina."

"You may call me James, for now. Perhaps we can work out a different  name in 
the near future." And with that strange sentiment, he extended his arm  and 
Gina locked her arm in his and walked down the darkened corridor,  moving 
closer to the smoke and music. Just then, Mr. Bondskin stopped dead in  his 
tracks. "Oh, I almost forgot. I have invited you into my private party,  but 
there is one requirement of all the females tonight. You must wear  something 
of rubber material on your person. I can sense already that you have  nothing, 
my dear." Gina examined herself rather dopishly, looking for something  rubber 
she knew she wouldn't find. "Fortunately for you, I always carry these  with 
me." He reached into his coatpocket and pulled out a thin black rubber  collar 
with a locking metal clasp. He noticed Gina's quizzical look. "It is a 
requirement, to be fair. Here, I'll put it on." Gina leaned her neck  and  moved
her long brown hair out of the way, exposing her neckline.  Bondskin  wrapped
the rubber collar around her and then connected the metal lock.  Gina's throat
initially felt the tightness, and she swallowed  instinctively.  "There. A
perfect snug fit," remarked Bondskin. "Now, dear, you are  ready to  join me."

Gina entered the dance club Studio 54 and she had to blink several  times to 
verify what her eyes were telling her head. Every kind of rubber outfit 
imaginable---and many that Gina would never had independently  imagined---were 
on display under the haze of smoke and music. Dominants led submissives  on 
leashes and chains, some rubber slaves were standing facing corners,  having 
been instructed to "stay." Only a few of the guests were actually using  the 
dance floor for the purpose of dancing. Most of the guests were  standing at 
the railing with their pets, or sitting back in the booths, feeding  their 
submissives who mostly were on their knees waiting to be fed.

The cocktail waitresses working the room were decked out in extremely  revealing
attire, even by Las Vegas standards. Waitresses wore all red  so  that they
could be spotted easier in the low-light room. Gina noticed  how  slowly and
purposely the waitresses walked by her and the others. When  one  walked by
close enough, Gina looked down and noted the unusually high  heels,  which were
known in the fetish community as ballet shoes; the heels  were 7  inches tall if
they were an inch, and Gina marvelled at their ability  to walk  in them, let
alone walk, navigate through the crowds, and balance a  tray full  of drinks. In
addition to the painful shoes, the waitress wore a dental  floss-thin g-string.
The waitress in front of Gina had an exquisite  ass, and  as she turned away,
Gina could hardly keep from staring, as the  g-string  didn't cover any part of
her ass cheeks. All the servers were topless,  unless  you considered their
tight rubber collars as clothing.

"Please, Gina, have a seat in my personal booth," Bondskin instructed  his 
guest. Gina shuffled in and Bondskin followed next to her, but the two  quiet 
women walking in unison behind him did not take their seats in the  booth. 
Instead, Bondskin commanded one of them to crawl beneath the table and  then  to
get on all fours so that he could prop his feet up on her back. The  woman  did
this without hesitation. The other one he directed to kneel at the  end of  the
booth and, extending his right hand out, he ordered her to suck his  fingers.
She took the fingers into her mouth without question, hands  behind  her back.
Gina tried not to stare at this, but her eyes drifted back to  the  kneeling
woman making oral love to Bondskin's fingers. As Gina took a  longer  look, she
saw that this woman had a thick metal ring through her nasal  septum, extending
nearly to her upper lip. A little glare of light  could also  be found in the
woman's mouth for she had a fairly wide gauge metal bar  piercing through her
tongue as well. Gina had known friends who showed  off  their belly button
rings, but this was a little too much she thought.  Who is  this guy, and who
are these girls?

A waitress rushed to the table. Gina's amazement continued. This girl  of 
probably no more than 21 had a gorgeous face, but Gina was focused  entirely  on
the elaborate dragon tattoo that began at her jawline and cascaded  down to  her
nipples, wrapping around the areola. And within her nipples, two  metal  bars
crisscrossed north-south, east-west in the tender flesh. After her  host 
ordered the drinks, the waitress turned away and Gina saw what looked  like a 
slightly raised tattoo on each of the girl's ass cheeks. On the left,  the 
letter "J", and on the right, the letter "B." Now things were starting  to get 
a little scary. For about an hour, Gina tried not to appear worried or  fearful,
and to be completely honest with herself, her host talked up a  fairly
intelligent and interesting conversation.

In the meantime, the two quiet girls had been rearranged. Now they were 
instructed to unzip Bondskin's pants beneath the table and bring him to 
erection and keep him there with their tongues. Watching this activity  made 
Gina incredibly nervous and a little more than uncomfortable. Suddenly,  an 
announcer entered the center of the stage and asked for attention.  After a  few
pleasantries, a round of applause went out to the host of the  evening.  The
M.C. continued with what he called the Random Numbers Game.

"I direct your attention to the glasses at your table. Please set your  glasses,
empty or full, to the edge of your table, and we're going to  have  someone go
around and check the numbers that are embedded in the  crystal on  the bottom of
each glass. I hold in my hand the number that we drew  backstage, and I'm
waiting to see which glass at which table has that  number." After the
inspections, and a few minutes of conferring, the  number  drawn was revealed to
be 39. It was Gina's wine glass; she double  checked to  make sure. Uh, oh, what
does this mean, she thought?

Bondskin turned to her and told Gina this was her opportunity to be the  center
of attention, to have the experience of a lifetime. Gina  remained  unconvinced.
He saw the reluctance in her eyes. "Listen, Gina. You came  to  Las Vegas to get
away from yourself. You came out here to gamble with  money,  perhaps to get
lucky and return home with a few impossible stories to  tell  your colleagues? 
Perhaps to live out a few neon-lit fantasies?  Is  this  something that the
overworked, hard-nosed, no thrills Gina would  recommend  doing? I think not.
You are young and beautiful, why not be the desired  object on stage? Why not
take the opportunity to enjoy men and women  lusting  after you?"

"But I, I , I don't know. All this stuff, I mean, no offense, but the  rubber 
clothes, the rings, the weird way that---"

"Listen to me. If you don't like something, just state your objection  and we 
will stop the experience. If you become unhappy or uncomfortable, then  say  so.
No one will think any less of you for trying. You might find  yourself  enjoying
so much concentrated attention."

Finally, Gina acquiesced and approached the stage to polite applause  and a  few
whistles. As she made the walk to the stage, her feet began to feel  heavy. She
hadn't drunk that much alcohol. But the room quickly became  a  dazzle of
unfocused light and sound. The announcer had to help her  negotiate  the steps
to the stage. His hands looked wobbly, and out of reach when  in  actuality he
was holding her from falling. Her last conscious thoughts  were  of perplexion.
She couldn't understand how that glass of alcohol was  hitting  her so hard. 
Gina scanned the room wildly, looking back for her new  acquiantance.  Oh, my
God, that glass! What was in that glass?!   Bondskin  smiled to himself at his
table, congratulating himself on his clever  game and  on the impeccable timing
of this soluble drug. Time to play with a new  toy,  he thought silently.

Gina found herself waking up on stage. She could look out on the  audience 
which was in something of a drunken frenzy, but she discovered that her  body 
was immobile. She was seated in a large metal chair at centerstage with  her 
arms and legs strapped down at the armrests and chair legs,  respectively.  Gina
strained to see her condition and became more panicked when she  found  her body
covered in latex rubber. Gina had been fitted with a tight  black  rubber
bodysuit from head to toe, except for strategic holes in the  suit:  eyeholes,
nose hole, two areas cut out to squeeze her ample breasts  through,  and a slit
that exposed her pussy and asshole. Her heels had been  replaced  with a black
pair of extreme ballet high heels that tightly laced over  the  latex rubber
around her feet and ankles. Her ballet shoes were even  taller  and narrower
than those on the club's waitresses. Gina felt her toes  being  crushed by the
tips of those shoes. Her pain was caused by a unique  metal  nose that rounded
out the very bottom of the shoe, constricting her  toes to  wedge tightly into
that sharp metal mold. Gina spotted her captor,  Bondskin,  preparing something
next to her, clinking and clanking with metal  objects  that were out of her
view. She started to scream out at him, but  realized her  mouth was stuffed
with something round and rubbery, and that was held  in  place by the tight
rubber stretched over her mouth and entire face.

Mr. Bondskin heard her muffled cries for help but ignored them. He  snapped  his
fingers and the two quiet slaves who walked behind him suddenly  appeared  in
front of Gina. He instructed them to lick Gina's nipples and make  them  fully
erect. Without hesitation, the girls stationed themselves on  either  side of
the chair and proceeded.  Gina had experimented with lesbian  love in  college,
but she had never carried it very far. She knew she preferred  men  and never
took other girls seriously.  In a different context, this  attention  might have
been pleasurable, but Gina felt kidnapped and invaded.   Bondskin  observed
their work and waved them aside. Gina's nipples were standing  large  and tall
on her generous tits, and Bondskin wasted no more time.

He brought a sharp needle to her left nipple and began to slowly run  the 
needle through. Gina's head was thrown back in agony. She had never  felt such 
sickening pain. She became nauseated instantly. Bondskin watched the  needle 
come out the other side then he looped a thick silver ring on the  needle and 
ran the ring through her freshly pierced nipple. Despite Gina's garbled 
protestations, Bondskin proceeded to match her right nipple with  another  shiny
ring. To make the seals permanent, he brought out a lightweight  welder  and lit
the flame to life. Gina struggled to free herself, but this  only  prompted the
two quiet slaves to hold Gina down at the shoulders.  Bondskin  turned the tiny
flame onto her new rings only briefly, but the intense  heat  was conducted
through the metal and through Gina's sore nipple flesh.  If  someone had removed
the latex rubber around her neck at that moment, he  would  have seen the blood
vessels in her neck bulging in torment and a volume  of  sweat poring from her
abused body.

Bondskin did not give his new toy much respite. He set up his piercing  tools 
again quickly, ordering the two slaves to hold Gina at the knees and  spread 
her thighs wider apart. Gina renewed her panic, and her struggle to  free 
herself from this madman. He continued.  Bondskin flicked Gina's clit  from  out
of its sheath and watched with a smile as the little center of her  pleasure
stood out. Gina could not control herself at this stimulation.  She  knew what
was next, but even so her body was betraying her mind and  becoming  undeniably
sexually stimulated. He held the needle teasingly at her  clit and  applied just
enough light pressure against it. The clit seemed to grow  more  erect with the
needle begging to come inside. Then he jabbed quickly  through  her clit. He
found a larger ring and looped it into place and finally  secured  the ring in
her exposed clit. Gina felt faint again. She was almost  hoping to  pass out,
but for some reason her body was too stimulated to go blank.  In the  back of
her mind, she braced herself for the inevitable.

Bondskin again ignited the welder and heated the clit ring, sending  intense, 
mindnumbing heat through her sensitive clit. After it cooled, Bondskin  tugged 
on her thick ring to test the piercing, and to rattle his victim of  course. 
With the violent tug on her clit, Gina finally passed out to the  incredible 
cheers of the gathered partyers. Bondskin stood up to take his  threatrical 
bows and he promised that the show wasn't nearly over.  He announced  that for 
the next two hours, all drinks were "on him", and he encouraged  everyone to 
have their fill.  "I need many full bladders, my friends, for the next  part  of
our show. And everyone gets to participate this time around."

Gina awoke with a sensation running through her mouth.  A plastic tube  had 
been secured just inside her mouth with black electric tape.  Through  that 
tube Gina tasted something particularly perplexing.  It was awful.  Her 
instinct was to expel the tube, but she couldn't.  Her tongue  sheepishly felt 
around for the taste...it was unlike anything she had ever swallowed  before. 

Bondskin returned to greet his captive.  He leaned in and made a smart  comment
or two.  As she struggled, he let her know what was happening.   He  seemed to
relish in her misery and disbelief.

"I have re-arranged the plumbing in this club."  Bondskin acted proud  at this 
admonition.  "Your mouth is directly connected now to all of the  bathrooms in 
this club.  Male and female, piss and shit.  With every flush of a  toilet,  the
tubes are instantly fed new material, and within seconds that waste  is  fed
into you."

Another flush of piss was making its journey through Gina's feeding  tube, and 
another wave of sickness passed through Gina's body.  Bondskin had  honored  his
offer of free beer for three hours, and then extended the offer  when he 
recognized how frequently the men were utilizing the facilities.  Somewhere 
into the first hour and a half, Gina could no longer resist the  compulsion to 
piss herself. She had already filled the bucket under her exposed pussy  to a 
quarter full. Gina's tears were almost flowing as freely as the beer.  She  gave
up on screaming because no one in Studio 54 could understand her  and no  one
cared to.

Bondskin's two slave girls had been positioned at the edge of the stage  with 
their heads down and their hands behind their backs. Bondskin  instructed the 
blond and the brunette to stand and approach Gina. Gina could barely  notice 
want was going on around her, her only concern was maintaining a  constant 
state of swallowing. As Gina was focused on not drowning, one slave  girl 
unzipped her rubber micro-mini-dress and began pissing on Gina's  rubber-encased
face. The slave managed to stand her legs on the sturdy  metal  arm rests and
aim her stream of piss right into Gina's eyes. Gina tried  to  shake her head
away from the stream, but not only was her body wrapped  in  tight rubber, her
head was strapped to the top of the evil chair and  prevented from moving. The
second slave took her counterpart's place,  but  rather than piss, she was
instructed to unleash waste of considerably  more  solidity: shit. Gina was
screaming with her eyes. They were as wide as  saucers until the instant that
the shit came landing on her face. The  rubber  was slick and the shit landed
only momentarily then slid down to the  side  along Gina's cheek. Gina could
feel more piss rushing through the tube  connected to the bathrooms.  In the
back of her mind, Gina just knew  this had  to end soon, for she couldn't take
much more. Her dream of rest and  relaxation in Las Vegas had been destroyed.
Her body had been drugged,  pierced, and abused. This had to end. They had to
let her go, right?

"Oh, my dear, Gina," Bondskin looked down on his captive. "It has been  a most 
entertaining evening. My party has been made complete by your  attendance. But 
now, the party is near its end. I feel that I may have inconvenienced  you too 
much already, so I will ask you if you want to stay or go at this  point."  Gina
could hardly believe her ears. Finally she would get a chance to  tell  this
madman off and as soon as her bonds were off, she was going to  find the 
nearest cop and shove Bondskin's ass in jail. Come on, you bastard, she 
thought, take this gag off and I'll spit in your face.

Bondskin turned to his audience on the dance floor and in the VIP  booths. 
"Yes, yes, I think she has been a good sport for all of us this evening  hasn't
she?" With his prodding, the gathered party-goers clapped  appropriately. "It is
not so often we find someone so beautiful and  full of  life as this child, this
Gina. But I absolutely believe she has earned  a  place among us, my friends. 
And she has earned my gratitude."   Bondskin  motioned to his blonde and
brunette slaves and they quickly made the  way up  the stage, each carrying a
briefcase. Their master handled one of the  cases  and set it down on Gina's
rubber-wrapped stomach. He fiddled with the  combination codes and popped it
open. Gina's eyes once again registered  shock. "For you, Gina, one million
dollars, American. That's for  putting up  with the likes of me, dear, this
evening."

Gina was overcome. She was delirious. Could all of this torture and  humiliation
really have been the luckiest experience of her life? One  million  dollars?!
She could quit her advertising job in L.A., take a trip  around the  world, buy
a nice home out in the suburbs...all the possibilities!   Bondskin  took a pair
of scissors and carefully cut away the rubber that covered  her  mouth and held
in the ball gag. Gina's mouth still had the taste and  smell of  piss as she
widened her jaws and licked her lips for the first time in  hours.  Her mouth
was stiff and her lips were dry, but a million bucks could  buy a  lot of lip
balm.

"I hope that you will accept my gratitude, Gina."  She nodded her head  forward
furiously, wanting to take her arms out of their bonds and hug  the  man that
only minutes ago she wanted arrested and hanged. 

"I've never seen that much money before. I can't believe it, I mean, I  just 
can't believe it's real."

"Oh, it's real. And it's yours.  But, you know, it's still early, and  the 
party is still young, and well, I do have the other briefcase for you  too...if
you would wish to stick around.  But if you only want one  million  dollars,
well, I understand. You are of course free to leave with only  that  if you
choose.  No one will stop you---you can gamble it away or invest  it or  frankly
whatever, I don't care.  A million dollars, two million dollars  doesn't mean
that much to me personally.  But  I can offer you much  more,  obviously.  What
do you say, dear, the choice is yours."

Gina needed only about thirty seconds to review the key points in her  mind. 
All in all, she hadn't been tortured that much, right. She might even  grow to 
like her piercings; or they could be removed.  And even with all the  piss and 
shit that entered her mouth, she didn't die from it. She was still  living,  and
one million dollars richer. And she could be TWO million dollars  richer  if she
only agreed. Two million in the bank and she wouldn't have to  lift a  finger
for the next sixty years unless she wanted to. The choice was  made.  "Yes,
James, yes, Mr. Bondskin, I would like to stay for the other  briefcase."

"Excellent, excellent,"  Bondskin smiled that celebratory smile like he  had 
just swallowed the canary and whispered something to his second slave  holding 
the unopened briefcase. "Did you hear everyone? Gina has agreed to stay  and 
play with us! And she certainly is not the first one, nor will she be  the  last
one unable to refuse us." Gina sensed an odd calm in the room.  There  were
brief whispers and a few people shaking their heads as if in  disbelief,  but
sparingly little noise. It seemed that the bartenders and waitstaff  even 
stopped to see her decision. Suddenly, Gina didn't feel right. Gina  rolled  her
eyes up to the right. The blonde slave was pushing the air out of a  hypodermic
needle and bringing the needle down to Gina's arm. "Wait,  wait!  Please wait!
What are you going to do to me for two million dollars?!   Bondskin looked
puzzled with his plaything.  He tilted his head much  like a  puppy.  "Oh, you
mean, you thought this second briefcase held another  million  dollars?  Oh my,
well, there's been a slight misunderstanding.  Let me  show  you what you
actually get. Bondskin brought the briefcase over to her  view  and quickly
popped the top open. Gina took one look at the contents  inside  and passed out
screaming.

The End




Rubber In The Night, Episode 2

By MrBondskin


Gina's eyes started to blink open.  She was finally regaining consciousness. She
looked out blankly for a few seconds, then she remembered seeing the briefcase
full of branding irons and letter templates.  Oh my God, she instantly thought
again. 

At that moment, she heard Bondskin giving directions to his two favorite slave
girls.  Gina instantly recognized them from Studio 54.  Gina started to move in
their general direction, but realized abruptly that she was unable to move.

Bondskin had begun another party upstairs in his private suit at the MGM.  Gina
was facing the glass of the window, not more than two inches from it.  There
were no concrete walls on this end of the suite, only glass walls.   Her arms
were spread wide above her head, shackled to the chains from the ceiling.  (
Bondskin had a few minor alterations made to the suite since his arrival).  Her
ankles were spread and  bound by chains that descended to the floor.  Gina's
rubber body suit had been removed and she was completely naked now save for the
new rubber collar placed around her neck.  It was three inches tall and served
to keep her neck in an uncomfortably upright position. 

Gina looked out the window briefly and saw that the suite must have been 40
stories high.  She saw the flashing neon lights of the Tropicana Hotel and the
cars on the streets below, but everything faded when her mind's eye shot back to
the contents of that briefcase.  A gag was quickly applied to her mouth, and she
tried to fight the rubbery penis that pressed hard against her tongue.  She
could hear something sizzle behind her.  Gina could just turn her head
enough---she recognized the two brands she saw in his briefcase.  Within a few
seconds, Bondskin was directly behind her, and without warning he applied the
first white hot brand to her left asscheck. 

Gina screamed into her gag.  It was as if her whole body was on fire.  The pain
of her recent nipple and clit piercings paled in comparison.  Not giving her
much time to recover, Bondskin approached her right asscheek and applied the
companion brand.  Tears streamed down her face.  Her body shook as wildly as the
chain restraints would allow.  Gina's breathing was labored with her mouth
effectively plugged.  Gina was about to pass out when the brunette slave waved
some ammonia under the new captive's nose.  Gina regained her consciousness, but
she remained weak and quite ghostly.

Bondskin stepped back and admired his work.  The wounds were fresh, but he knew
from past experience that these brands were laid long enough and deep enough to
make readable impressions.  When the healing process was complete, her asschecks
from left to right would read "J" and "B". 

The brunette slave, named Juliette, attached a chain leash to the silver ring
which freshly pierced Gina's clit. The blonde slave, named Julia, began the
process of removing Gina from her spreadeagled shackles.  Gina was simply too
weak to fight, and she was easily moved to the thick carpet on the floor. 
Juliette instructed the new slave to get on all fours and crawl.  Gina was dazed
and in tremendous pain; she felt powerless and too afraid to resist any commands
coming from anyone. 

Juliette and Julia escorted Gina to one of the immaculate bathrooms designated
for the slaves.  When Gina slowed, Juliette would tug on the clit leash and Gina
would put a little more energy into her crawl. The job of the two slaves was to
clean and primp the new addition.  She looked fairly ragged from her recent
ordeals.  Bondskin in the meantime, met with some of his close friends and
associates who he had invited from the party downstairs.  

Gina was led to a massage table where she laid flat on her stomach.  Her new
nipple rings hit against the towel on the board and her chest drew back at the
sensation.  Julia shoved Gina's back and forced her hard against the table. 
These girls may have been ultra-submissive around their boss, Gina thought, but
they have no problem being mean with me.  

A special ointment was withdrawn from its bottle, and each of the two slave
girls rubbed the solution generously on Gina's injured backside.  Gina
instinctly began to complain from the stinging in her ass.  Juliette rasied
Gina's neck with the O-ring and slowly, purposefully pumped on the penis gag. 
The gag was inflated to near capacity; Gina thought her jaw would crack apart
before the rubber exploded.  Her eyes were pleading with Juliette. 

"Will you behave now?  Will you be silent?" Juliette asked in a native English
accent. Gina nodded her head quickly, tears rolling down her cheeks with every
furious nod. 

Just then, Bondskin entered the bathroom.  He began to caress Gina's long brown
hair.  He caught a few of the tears from her face.  Juliette and Julia continued
their assignment. 

"I want her ready by 5 p.m. tomorrow.  I have some special guests flying in from
Tokyo.  I want my latest acquisition to look appropriate."  Bondskin turned to
his blonde slave, Julia.  "You will recall Mr. Hahira from our brief stay in
Japan."

"Yes, sir."  Julia made the shortest, but most appropriate statement she could. 
Her head was bowed down (as was the custom in front of her master) and she
looked out over her septum ring and stared down at her stretched pussy lips,
each inner lip with 3 thick rings.  While she remained silent to the room, the
nightmare of Japan was raining like flashcards in her mind. 

Gina was thoroughly cleaned, inside and out.  She had both cold and hot water
enemas, and she struggled to keep her screams quiet behind the inflatable gag. 
A tight latex cap was stretched over her hair and she was dipped into a solvent
that loosened all the hair from her body.  After being dipped and soaked, Gina
was laid out and she felt the other slaves literally wiping away all of her body
hair from the neck down.  For the first time in years, she felt cool air against
her pussy lips with no pubic hair to act as a buffer.

Gina was removed to a separate bedroom where her stiff, tall collar was replaced
with a less painful one.  The O-ring was chained to the left and to the right of
the bed.  Each chain led to an eyebolt located on either side of the floor.  The
effect was to center Gina on the bed.  Her wrists were fastened together behind
her back, and her ankles were fettered with several loops of form-fitting chain
and then padlocked.  Her inflatable penis remained, although Julia did reduce
the pressure slightly before turning out the lights on Gina.  Left alone in the
dark, Gina's tears renewed.  The events of the night and now the early morning
came flooding back into her confused and helpless mind.  Her body was virtually
immobile now, but her mind raced, wondering what terrors awaited her tomorrow. 
Her body was exhausted and she wanted to just fall asleep and awaken from this
nightmare, but the noises in the adjacent room were distracting and frightening. 

The muffled screams of Julia and Juliette filtered into her bedroom.  Gina could
make out the laughter of several men and the sharp sounds of whips cracking in
the air and on the flesh.  The sounds of violent fucking later, followed by more
muffled pleas.  Despite the audio terror and her own tears, Gina's body finally
yielded to sleep.

* * * * * * *

Gina felt a tremendous tug at her clit ring.  Her bonds had been removed and
Juliette was beginning to drag Gina across the bed.  Gina quickly took the hint
and scurried to the floor.  Crawling behind the slave girl, Gina saw the fresh
whips marks which colored Juliette's entire backside.  There must have been a
thousand little bruises on the girl's ass, as the whips danced on and around
Juliette's brands.  Gina was escorted to the bathtub where she was washed
thoroughly again by Bondskin's two servants.  On this day, their outfits were
elaborate, if not unfathomably extreme. 

Juliette had two large silver rings through her nipples, and a chain connected
the two rings, drawing her breasts nearer to one another.  Her three sets of
pussy rings were padlocked together, effectively closing her sex.  She wore
shiny black opera gloves, latex leggings and very narrow, impossibly high 7-inch
heels.  Juliette wore her standard rubber latex collar, and her brown hair in a
tight ponytail. 

Julia had all of the same rings, and the same padlocks, but her arms and legs
were not molded by latex coverings.  Rather, someone had painted black lettering
down the length of her legs and arms.  The symbols and words were Japanese, so
Gina was clueless as to any of the meanings, but she figured that the
significance had something to do with Mr. Hahira's visit.  There were small yet
distinct markings on Julia's facial cheeks.  Gina was momentarily forgetting her
own worries.  Her worries would have been doubled had she understood that the
meanings were the English language equivalent of "slut", "slave," "painlover",
and other like-minded terms. 

Julia also had a different pair of high-heel shoes.  They were exactly like the
ballet heels Gina had noticed being worn by one of the waitstaff last night. 
Julia demonstrated the same grace and aptitude while walking slowly in this
8-inch high, toe-smashing pair of heels. 

Juliette and Julia spent the afternoon making over the latest captive.  Hair,
eyes, nails, the works.  Despite wearing a restrictive collar around her neck
and a fully-inflated pump gag in her mouth, this afternoon cruised like a smooth
day spa voyage.  But when it came time to dress Gina, the voyage became rocky
again. 

Gina's arms were bent at the elbow and pinned behind her.  Her wrists were bound
with several wraps of black electrical tape.  Julia applied lubricant to a
silver-colored, 7-inch long metal dildo and then rather quickly inserted it
fully inside Gina's pussy.  Almost as soon as the dildo was inside, it naturally
began to ease its way down earthward. 

Julia walked in front of the wide-eyed Gina and gestured to a hand-held remote. 
It looked just like the keyless entry remote Gina was given with her new company
car.  Julia keyed the red button and tiny nodules expanded from the surface of
the dildo and pressed against Gina's inner walls.  The dildo was then
effectively locked.  Instinctively, Gina's muscles tried to expel the device,
but to no avail. 

The blonde-haired slave pointed to the green button.  "This one releases the
pressure, but I don't think the master will be using that button very much.  And
this last orange button, you don't want that one pressed.  Let's just say, it's
there to make sure you don't run off or misbehave in public."    

A customized three-quarter length corset was next brought to fit onto Gina.  The
latex corset had lacing on the back and front sides.  There were holes in the
front for Gina's breasts to just barely squeeze through and a hole on the lower
backside for her branded ass to squeeze through.  A strap ran from the bottom of
the sturdy material, while two sets of straps wrapped parallel, above and below
Gina's breasts.  The lower strap on her chest gave her breasts some added
support.  And the strap at the hemline of the corset ran between Gina's
asschecks to a buckle at the waistline.  The corset's whole purpose was a
time-honored one, just as in the Victorian era; it pulled her waistline in, and
emphasized the girl's bust and ass. 

Bondskin's girls pulled and tightened, then adjusted, then repeated the process. 
Gina's arms were smashed into her back, and the whole effect made her arms seem
to disappear from her body.  Below her knees, Gina had some movement, but
because her thighs were cinched together, it was impossible to put one foot in
front of the other.  Gina would have to take baby steps like this.  To make
matters worse for walking, the slaves laid Gina down and prepared her feet for
the shoes she was to wear that evening. 

Julia returned with black electrical tape and with Gina's left foot in her lap,
she began wrapping the foot furiously.  She tapped the foot all the way to the
ankle and then made more continuous loops where any skin was still showing. 
Gina's grimaced as Julia made tight circles with the tape.  Julia repeated the
taping on the right foot, even making the electrical tape tighter. 

From a suitcase that carried 10 identical pairs of these ankle-high ballet heels
(sizes 5 through 10), Juliette withdrew a pair of size 7 and a half.  As both
girls worked the left heel on, Gina was saying to herself that they had gotten
the wrong size.  That was of course the whole idea.  After much pulling and
pushing, the right shoe was up to her ankle, and smashing Gina's taped up toes. 
No sooner  had they gotten it on completely they jerked the shoe right back off.  
Gina could relax her feet, but only momentarily.  Juliette returned with a half
size smaller.  The task was more difficult now, but the two servant girls made
the heels fit.  They let Gina's feet become accustomed to the new tightness. 
Gina's feet were arching like a ballerina and her toes were crunched into an
inconceivably narrow passage. 

The pain lying down was nothing compared to the pain in her feet upon standing
up.  The two slaves hoisted Gina up from the leather couch and planted her on
her new ballet shoes.  Suddenly, all the blood came rushing into her feet and
the pain of trying to keep her balance was evident on Gina's gagged face.  Gina
was only able to take the tinyest of steps because of the corset material on her
thighs.  And it seemed that the slowness of her steps only made the pressure on
her toes that much greater.  She could not balance herself.  Julia and Juliette
literally held her body up on either side and prevented the corseted captive
from falling. 

Gina was repositioned in front of the glass windows, this time with her backside
facing the outside world.  They needed the help of a step ladder to attach two
chains from the ceiling to the O-ring collared on Gina's neck.  The chains were
adjusted for Gina's new height and then once secured, the girls let Gina balance
herself.  Gina fell backward slightly but the two chains descending from her
right and left caught her O-ring and prevented her from falling.  The strain on
her collar and neck was instant, so Gina was forced to regain some kind of
footing despite her ballet heels. 

Juliette and Julia let Gina work out this little dance on her own while they
applied the finishing touches to each other.  Gina's wimpered and squirmed
inside her corset prison, but her arms were of course useless for balance.  Her
toes were throbbing in pain, and her neck was feeling the strain of the collar
lifting toward the ceiling.  Gina struggled just to stay still.  After 15
minutes---an eternity to Gina---the two slave girls were crawling back into the
great room being led on leashes by their master.

Bondskin took them to the eyebolts on the floor and positioned Juliette to
Gina's right and Julia to Gina's left.  Juliette's platform shoes had been
replaced with ballet heels that strapped up the length of her latex leggings. 
Their nipples had been painted a light red, which made their nipple rings shine
a brighter color silver, and their brands had been touched up with black body
paint.  Both girls had been oiled down to accentuate the lines of their bodies,
and each had their long hair slicked back and tied into a tight ponytail.  Heavy
metal collars replaced the thinner rubber collars, along with metal manacles
padlocked to their wrists. 

Each girl sat back on their knees with their legs slightly spread, revealing
their smooth, padlocked, and well-oiled pussy lips.  Arms were behind their
backs, eyes looking down to the floor.  Bondskin attached the leashes to the
eyebolts on the floor.  There was little slack in the chains that led to their
necks, so neither girl could rise if she wanted to. 

Bondskin saw the ongoing war that Gina was having just to maintain a balanced
position. He smiled slightly, then went to change into more formal wear himself. 
A half an hour later, Bondskin appeared again, but nothing had changed in the
slavegirl's expressions.  Gina was exhausted now from fighting with her
incorrigible position, and the Juliette and Julia knew they were to wait just
like this until Hahira arrived; possibly for some time after that arrival as
well.  Bondskin reached for Gina's gag and gave it a quick squeeze, eliciting  a
loud wimper from the girl.  He retreated to the well-stocked bar and made
himself a drink.  He occupied himself with some papers and checked his accounts
with his laptop.  Bondskin was acting as if the girls weren't trussed up at all,
as if the girls hardly deserved his attention, Gina thought to herself. 

Almost a full hour into her balancing act, the phone rang.  The guests had
arrived downstairs.  Bondskin was only on the phone for a few seconds, then he
stood himself up and straightened his tux and tie.  He walked into the doorway
and tried to imagine the glimpse that Hahira would first get as he entered the
great room.

Ten minutes later, Hahira was escorted into the main room by Bondskin.  He
grinned widely as his eyes adjusted to the perverse presentation in front of
him.  Hahira was about 40 pounds overweight, but his expensive tailored suits
masked most of the girth.  His dark hair was short and his beard was cut very
close.  He gently stroked across that beard as he got his first eyefull of Gina.

Hahira walked over to Julia, who stared down at the floor, and he stroked her
head like she were a familiar pet.  He jerked her nipple chain, and Julia's body
jumped at the shock. 

"Can I make you a drink, old friend," Bondskin offered, as he walked to the bar.

"Yes, thank you.  It was a long flight, J.B., first I need to take a piss."

From across the room Bondskin gestured to the enslaved girls.  "Take your pick."

Hahira unzipped his pants and withdrew his cock.  He instructed Julia to raise
her head and open her mouth.  A few seconds later, Hahira was pissing a steady
yellow stream into Julia's mouth, almost faster than she could swallow.  Gina
began to look down, but then closed her eyes to hide from the disgusting sight. 

Bondskin came over with a pair of glasses in his hands and waited for Hahira to
zip up.  They seated themselves on the couch and began to sip at their vodka. 
The two worked out there plans for the evening in a matter of minutes.   

"So, what do you want to do first?"

"Gamble, J.B., gamble.  I just closed a huge deal last weekend and I am ready to
risk it on some tables tonight."

"And after gambling?"

"We can join up with my executives.  We have the 37th floor all to ourselves for
the weekend.  They deserve a unique vacation, J.B., and I knew you were just the
kind of person to supply it," Hahira concluded his comments by pointing over to
the scantily clad beauties next to the window. 

"And I did have one other item I wanted to discuss with you, J.B."  Suddenly,
Hahira's voice and body language took on a decidedly more serious posture.  "I
wanted to see if I could finally convince you to---"

"No, no," Bondskin waved him off.  "No old buddy, I know what you are going to
say, and Julia's not for sale.  She's too valuable to me, and to the new ones I
bring in."

"I knew you might still be stubborn about this.  Well, I brought something along
that I hope might change your mind, J.B."  Hahira pulled out his slender cell
phone and barked some orders in Japanese.  He just as quickly snapped the cell
back in place.

Bondskin sipped from his vodka martini and leaned back laughing.  "What's going
on, Kunato.  What have you got up your sleeve?  You know you asked me six months
ago about Julia and my decision is final."

"My assistant is bringing over the one thing that might alter your decision."

Although she did not look up or say a word, Julia was listening with great
attention.  She still had nightmares from her experiences with Hahira, and while
Bondskin was a demanding master, she knew Hahira to be what she considered a
merciless master. 

As soon as the knock at the door was heard, Hahira jumped up to let his
assistant in.  Bondskin walked over to Julia and raised her brown eyes to meet
his.  "Don't worry, Julia, I'm not going to sell you to anyone, alright?"

"Yes, sir," she barely got out before Hahira returned to the main room. 

Hahira's assistant, a muscular man in his early 30s wearing sharp business
attire, entered the room with a laptop computer and immediately brought the
computer to life.  He sat at a nearby desk and after a few minutes of loading
and searching, he nodded to Hahira and left the room.

"Actually," Hahira's voice began, "I should have been more precise. It is not
something that will change your mind: it is someone."  Hahira turned the
laptop's screen toward his host. 

Bondskin casually turned his head around to the computer screen.  He almost
instantly dropped his glass to the floor.  When Julia saw the glass fall from
her master's hand, she broke from her standard downcast stare and looked up to
the screen.  Her gasp too was audible.

* * * * *   
end of Part 2




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  MrBondskin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





