BDSM Library - Nissa's Story




Nissa's Story
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Written in first person, Nissa's story chronicles the life of a submissive girl from her childhood to her finding that special someone to make her life complete. At an early age, the child enters a rather unique training program where she, and other abandoned girl children, are taught to be the perfect companion and lover to wealthy gentlemen. Please note: Nothing of a sexual nature takes place in the first part of this story, during the girl's childhood, age 5 to 16.
Nissa's Story
by Dino Dave
dino@canoemail.com

 This story is an original work of fiction. It in no way resembles any
 persons living or deceased. It is purely a work of fantasy and is
 intended for the use of adults only. If you are under 18 years of age,
 or are prohibited by law to have access to such materials, please stop
 reading now.

 Feel free to distribute this work freely, provided it remains
 unchanged, with credit given to the author. Please download and enjoy
 it. All I ask is that you e-mail myself with comments or questions.

 dino@canoemail.com   dino dave




  Nissa's Story   Introduction.

 Nissa's Story is based on one of the characters from my previous tale
 Sehani's Story. In part 3 of Nissa's story there are some scenes that
 were from the previous one that have been told from Nissa's point of
 view. This story takes Nissa from her abandonment as a baby through
 her acceptance in the trading company's program that prepares
 beautiful young girls to be skilled and sensual companions for the
 clients seeking wives or partners. She is sent to London for her
 high school years, then back to India to a remote village for her
 training to become a talented lover for her eventual mate.

 Please note that there is nothing of a sexual nature that takes place
 during the girl's early years. She, like most of us I think, discovers
 and develops her sexuality during her years at high school, age
 fourteen to eighteen, or so.

 The following is the history of the North India Trading Company, the
 introduction from Sehani's story, just to give a little background
 info.
		      --=--

 The North India Trading Company was founded in 1924 by Lord Adam
 Beaverton as a rescue mission for young girls. In many countries
 around the world less value was placed on baby girls born into the
 large families living in poverty in the slums of the cities, or in
 remote villages. These unwanted young girls were sometimes abandoned
 on the streets of the city, or even put to death at an early age.
 Lord Adam had been appalled at the treatment given to these young
 girls and wanted to do something to help some of them. He set up a
 mission in remote village in Northern India and made trips to the
 cities to find these abandoned girls living in the streets and slums.
 At the mission, the girls were given good food to eat, medical
 attention and most importantly an education so they could better
 themselves and enjoy a good life.

 Of course all this cost a lot of money, and after several years Lord
 Adam began to run short of funds. About that time a young man by the
 name of Sir Thomas visited his friend at the mission and was greeted
 by the children there, some of whom had grown into beautiful young
 girls. Sir Thomas was quite enamoured by one of the older girls named
 Nehani, and after talking with her for a while he began to fall madly
 in love with her. Before he left, he asked the girl if she would
 return with him to England to be his wife. Nehani quickly agreed.
 Lord Adam knew his friend would take good care of Nehani and gave the
 two his blessing.

 A few months after Sir Thomas and Nehani were married in England,Lord
 Adam received a letter from his friend telling of how happy they were
 with each other. Also enclosed with the letter was a generous donation
 for the mission. It was not long after that other gentlemen
 acquaintances of Lord Adam and Sir Thomas began to visit the remote
 mission, some of whom also took a fancy to one of the beautiful girls
 there. Soon the mission was financially well off as donations started
 coming in from happy men who had found lovely and intelligent brides
 for themselves at the mission.

 For the girls, who had gone from poverty and death to become educated
 and respected young ladies, loved and cared for by the handsome and
 wealthy men who had made them their own, it was a dream come true. As
 word of the mission and the girls there spread, more and more girls
 were saved from a sad life of poverty and despair and given new lives.
 New missions were started up in other countries to help the unwanted
 girl children there achieve a chance for happiness in a new life. The
 girls who showed a tendency towards having a more submissive or
 sensuous nature were given the means and the training to realise to
 the fullest this character trait and were given special attentions as
 they matured. These were the girls who were to bring the largest
 donations of cash into the missions.

 And so from a small mission in a remote village The North India
 Trading Company was born. Today there are twenty buildings and schools
 in various countries around the world to rescue the unwanted girl
 children from the slums and streets of cities, and from the villages
 nearby. Whenever possible the girls receive their training in their
 own village by a representative of the company. Or, they are sent to
 one of the company's schools to live and be educated there. The money
 collected from the donations is often put back into the community to
 help other people. The selected girls that receive special training
 are "sold" to some of the most wealthy men in the world and the money
 helps to benefit all.

   C/W Dino Dave 1999     dino@canoemail.com







 NISSA'S STORY   Part 1/3     C/W 1999  Dino Dave

 My name is Nissa and I am a submissive. Master has left to go on a
 month long business trip and has told me to use the time to write an
 account of my life so far, kind of a journal. He said that he would be
 checking alt.sex.stories from time to time while he is away and wants
 me to post parts as I complete them. So here goes.

 I never knew my parents since I was left as a baby in the lobby of the
 North India Trading Company building in Pune, near Bombay, with a note
 attached to the blanket I was wrapped in saying to take care of me.

 I was sent to the Bangalore mission in the south where I was cared
 for. I met many girls there like me who had been abandoned by their
 mothers or had been orphaned. The staff and the other children were
 all very kind and I had fun there, but I always felt that I didn't
 quite fit in. When the other girls would organize games, I was never
 able to say what I thought, content to follow rather than lead. I was
 well liked by both the staff and the other girls because I was always
 eager to please them, my wishes coming second.

 I would have liked to be more assertive but when the time came I would
 always have the feeling that others knew what was best and would go
 along with whatever was decided. This didn't bother me however since I
 felt good when I was able to do things that would please someone else
 and I liked having decisions made for me.

 When I was five years old I started to attend class in the mission
 school house. At first I was a little frightened but the teacher was
 nice and I was able to understand the things that we were taught.
 When the teacher asked me a question on something that I had learned
 and I answered correctly I felt happy that I had pleased her. Along
 with the usual lessons on reading and arithmetic, the teachers
 organized kind of plays that all the girls would preform in. Being so
 young I thought that some of these plays were quite grown up since we
 were given costumes to wear and there were dances to learn as well as
 lines to remember, but we all had fun doing them.

 It was a few months before my sixth birthday, what I had come to
 accept as my birthday since no one really knew what the date of my
 birth was, that I was called into the headmaster's office. Of course I
 was scared that I had done something wrong but my fears were quickly
 put to rest when he sat beside me and gave me some sweets. The
 headmaster told me that there was a special program available for
 girls who showed promise and my teacher thought I would be a good
 candidate. He went on to say that girls in the program were chosen for
 their good looks and for their charm and intelligence. That my teacher
 thought I was pretty and smart made my heart soar.

 The headmaster told me that I would receive my education with the
 others in the school and when I was much older I would be sent to
 another school, perhaps in another country, to get more specialize
 training. After, when I would graduate, I would be chosen by a wealthy
 man and live with him as his wife. He said that if I didn't want to be
 in the program I would still get a good education and live at the
 mission until I was old enough to leave and find work or a husband by
 myself. Every little girl dreams of being chosen by a wealthy man and
 to be his wife, and I was no exception.

 He asked me if I had noticed that some of the girls in the school wore
 shiny steel bangles on their feet and I said that I had. These, he
 said, were given to each girl in the program and were to be worn
 always, to signify that she was someone special, a girl who knew how
 to give great pleasure to the man who would make her his own. At the
 time I didn't really understand what he meant but I knew this was
 something I wanted to do. He told me that when I was a little older I
 would be given the same kind of bangles for my wrists.

 The headmaster told me to think about the special program and if I
 would like to be in it. He said that I should go and talk to my
 teacher about it and she would answer any questions I had, and that I
 would need to decide in a few days whether or not I wanted to join.
 That afternoon I went to my teacher's house and we sat and talked over
 supper about the program and what was expected from the girls in it. I
 said to her that I thought the program was something that I really
 wanted to do and she said that I had to be sure that I really wanted
 it since it would decide the course of the rest of my life.

 My teacher took from a drawer a set of the steel bangles that the
 girls wore and handed them to me. I was a little surprised at how
 heavy the set of four together was but my teacher said that as I got
 bigger and stronger the weight wouldn't bother me. She let me try them
 on. The ones for my feet slipped over my heels easily and the wrist
 bangles were way too big to stay where they were supposed to go on my
 skinny arms, sliding up past my elbows. She found a smaller set that
 fit a little better. She told me that if I decided to enter the
 program I would see the fitter for my bangles so he could get them
 sized properly.

 I walked around the room a bit while wearing the bangles. At the time
 I didn't understand the feelings I had but it just seemed so right.
 When I would bring my hands or my feet together and the bangles
 clinked together a small chill would run up my back. I sat back down
 beside my teacher with a big smile on my face. She helped me take off
 the bangles and held one in her hand. It gleamed with a grayish blue
 light. "Once you accept these bangles they become a part of you," she
 said, "they can never be taken off. After you have them fitted and
 your feet and hands get bigger as you grow they won't come off. They
 are made from a special steel that has been hardened to resist
 scratching and are almost impossible to cut through.

 "You have to accept that if you decide to be in the program you must
 give your future over to us to teach you the ways of achieving
 happiness for both yourself and the one who will make you his own when
 you are old enough. You will have to do what we tell you to do, even
 if you don't want to do it. For one thing you won't be allowed to cut
 your hair anymore. We will want it to grow as long as it naturally
 can. Your life here won't change much now, but as you grow up into a
 young woman you will receive more training that will help you achieve
 the goals we set out for our girls. Then, when you are ready, we will
 help find a man to take you and treasure you in love and happiness."

 My teacher walked me back to the building where I slept. At the door I
 told her that I would really like to join the program. She asked me if
 I was sure and I said that I was very sure. She said that she thought
 I would do well in the program and she would let the headmaster know
 of my decision. I felt very grown up that night, having made an
 important decision about my future and hardly slept at all, imagining
 myself as an adult, laying on a fur rug wearing the bangles, while my
 master watched over me.

 Two days later I was taken to see the fitter to receive my ankle
 bangles. The man's name was Sam and he took a lot of time measuring
 different parts of me, feeling around the bones of my arms and legs
 and writing on a piece of paper the measurements. He used some
 sandpaper to remove some of the hard skin at the bottoms of my heels.
 Then he put some oil on his hands and rubbed it all over my feet,
 pressing his fingers into the places between the bones. It really felt
 good what he was doing. Sam went to a cabinet and took out three sets
 of bangles. He took some time holding them against my ankles before
 deciding on the size he wanted. Sam let me hold them for a while and
 told me that these would be mine. Then he rubbed some more oil on my
 feet and told me to relax. He took one bangle and slipped it onto my
 foot. Then he pressed down on the top as he pushed it over the heel of
 my foot. It started to hurt bit as he pushed harder, but then it
 popped over my heel and it was on.

 He let me rest while he cleaned the oil off and then he did the same
 thing to my other foot. When I opened my eyes I saw the two shiny
 rings around my ankles and smiled. Sam washed my feet and used the
 sandpaper on some rough patches of skin on the bottom of my feet, and
 on my toenails. He gave me a peppermint candy to eat and rubbed some
 peppermint smelling oil on my feet. Then he gave me a pair of soft
 slippers to wear and took me back to my room. The gleam of the
 sunlight off my bangles kept catching my eyes as we walked. The
 bangles felt strange banging against my ankles while the high tops of
 the slippers kept them from rubbing on my feet. I was told that I
 could skip class today and rest in bed, but I was soon bored and in
 the afternoon, after lunch, went out for a walk.

 I went out to the playground and sat on the swings, admiring my new
 bangles. I hadn't worn the slippers but by the time I got back I
 wished I had. There were red marks on the tops of my feet and in back
 where the bangles had rubbed as I walked. I expected to get in trouble
 when Sam came to see me that night, but he just put some cream on the
 spots where it hurt and said that I'd be O.K.

 It took several weeks before I really got used to my bangles. I also
 noticed that I was treated with admiration and a little respect from
 the other girls in the school, and even from the teachers and staff
 there. I was befriended by the other girls who wore the bangles and
 was happy to be a part of their group. We were the chosen ones and
 although we were the prettiest and the smartest, we were told not to
 feel superior to the other girls, but rather to feel fortunate to be
 given opportunity to help others. We were told that wearing the
 bangles was a privilege and an honour and that we should never do
 anything to hurt someone or to make them feel badly, but rather to try
 to help others with their difficulties.

 And so as I got older I was able to work with my teachers to help the
 girls that were having trouble with their lessons. After my regular
 class and some extra time helping the teacher, I also took dance
 lessons with some of the other girls. We put on a play where people
 from the city came and watched us perform. At first I thought I would
 be too nervous to dance in front of strangers but when I saw how much
 they enjoyed our play it made me feel better.

 When I was twelve I was sent to see Sam again to receive my wrist
 bangles. At that time he checked the ones he had given me earlier and
 gave them a bit of polishing. He gave me my new ones which slipped
 over my hands with little problem. They seemed a bit big to me but he
 said that I would grow into them, and sent me off with a chuckle. I
 kept banging things with them for the first few weeks, but I got use
 to them much faster than I did the ones on my ankles.

 Two years later I was told that I would travel to London England for
 my secondary schooling. I was a little sad to be leaving all my
 friends in Bangalore, but I was also exited to be going to a country
 that I had learned much about. I arrived in London and was taken to a
 home owned by the trading company where I met four other girls who
 lived there, all with long hair and wearing the bangles like mine. Two
 of the girls were older than me and were to begin their last year of
 high school this year. There names were Rachel and Gwen. The other
 girl was a year older than me and would be starting her second year.
 Her name was Lisa.

 I was introduced to the "dorm mother" whose name was Donna. She was
 about thirty five and quite good looking. Donna took me around the
 house and introduced me to the other girls and showed me where I would
 sleep. I was to share a room with Lisa, while the older girls had a
 room next door. I was told that Donna usually slept in a room
 downstairs and if I needed anything during the night I was to go and
 see her.

 That night we all went out to a night club nearby where we had a nice
 time. The older girls danced with some of the boys there while Lisa,
 Donna and I sat and watched, enjoying the band that was playing. I had
 my first taste of wine that night when Donna let me have a sip of
 hers, and I felt like I was really grown up since we all stayed at the
 club until quite late that night.

 I was happy to fall into bed when we got back since the long plane
 ride and the night club had really tired me out. They let me sleep
 until mid afternoon the next day before Donna woke me with a tray of
 breakfast which I hastily finished off. Donna said that school was to
 start the next week and tomorrow she would take me to buy the uniform
 that all the girls there wore. Since today was Sunday we all went out
 for a walk around the neighbourhood, stopping at a lovely park for a
 while before returning home for supper.

 On Monday Donna took me and Gwen by taxi to the store downtown that
 sold the school uniforms. Gwen had grown out of her old one and she
 got a new skirt, blouse and blazer. The skirt was a gray and green
 plaid and with the white blouse and gray jacket I thought she looked
 very pretty in it. I got a little nervous when Donna took me into the
 changing room and helped me to undress and try on my uniform. My
 breasts were starting to get big and I was embarrassed to have Donna
 see them but when I had put on the blouse, Donna went out and came
 back with a bra for me. She helped me with the catch in the back and
 then I put on the uniform again. When I stood in front of the mirror I
 was amazed at how nice I looked. My breasts filled out the blouse
 nicely and my dark brown hair hung to the bottom of the skirt. Donna
 picked up several pairs of the green socks that went with the uniform
 and we headed out of the store.

 The next stop was a shoe store down the road. Donna seemed to know the
 man there quite well and he measured my feet and got a pair of shoes
 for me. The shoes were black and the part around the ankle came up a
 little higher than with most shoes that I have seen of that type.
 Donna explained that the socks were to go on over my bangles and they
 would rest on the top of the shoes so as to not be so noticeable that
 way. When I tried on the socks and shoes my bangles were lifted up a
 little and by looking you couldn't really tell that they were there. I
 had never even thought about it since in my country lots of women wore
 heavy bangles on their ankles, but Donna said that here it wasn't so
 common and we didn't want to attract a lot of attention to ourselves
 when we were at school.

 Donna sent all our purchases home by cab and we took a bus to see some
 of the sights in the city. After some supper in a fine restaurant we
 headed back home again.

 It was near the end of my first year of high school that I made a
 discovery that would change my view of life forever. I had been
 working late on a particularly hard English paper and I needed a book
 that I thought Gwen had in her room. I could hear them when I went
 into the hall so I knew she and Rachel were still awake. I knocked and
 then quickly entered their room without thinking about it. The sight
 before me made me freeze and I stood there staring with my mouth open.

 Rachel was lying face down on her bed. She had her hands tied behind
 her back with some rope through her bangles. The end of the rope led
 to her feet, passing through her ankle bangles and pulled up tight
 before being tied there. Gwen was laying on top of her with her head
 underneath Rachel's feet and down between her thighs. Her thighs were
 on each side of Rachel's head and she was rubbing herself against the
 back of Rachel's head and neck. Neither girl wore any clothes.

 They hadn't heard me come into the room and I stood there rooted to
 the spot, my term paper forgotten, watching the girls make love to
 each other. Their breathing was getting faster and they were each
 making little muffled moaning sounds. Rachel was twisting her hands
 and tugging with her feet, then rubbing them on Gwen's back, urging
 her head deeper into her crotch. Gwen was thrusting her bottom up and
 down, banging her pussy into the back of Rachel's head. Rachel's hair
 was becoming slick with Gwen's juices. I had reached down and was
 pressing my hand onto the spot between my legs.

 Suddenly Rachel pulled her hands up behind her back, causing her feet
 to push Gwen's head harder into her, and let out a long groan into her
 pillow. A few seconds later Gwen arched her back up, pushing herself
 down harder onto Rachel's head. I saw her hands fly out to grasp
 Rachel's thighs and the muscles on her back quiver as she found her
 release.

 I backed slowly from their room, closing the door as softly as I
 could, then walked back to my room. Lisa was still asleep as I sat
 down at the desk and stared at the computer screen for ten minutes or
 so. There was no way I would continue with my essay tonight so I saved
 the file and switched off the computer and the light, then crossed
 over the room and got into my bed. The image of Gwen and Rachel still
 burned brightly in my mind. My focus kept being drawn to the coils of
 rope looped through Rachel's bracelets, holding her hands and feet
 close together. And Gwen's body pressing down on Rachel, her crotch
 pushing Rachel's face into her pillow. I rolled over onto my stomach.
 I brought my legs up and reached back to hook my fingers through my
 ankle bangles. I started to rock myself back and forth on the bed,
 slowly so I wouldn't make too much noise.

 My night gown had gotten bunched up underneath me and it was pressing
 into my pussy. I slid down a little and squeezed my legs together,
 trapping it between them. I could feel the sensations building within
 me and I rubbed my thighs together faster, pressing down harder on the
 ball of cloth that had gathered between. Rachel's wrists twisting
 inside her bracelets, trying to pull against the unyielding tightness
 of the rope binding them together. I pulled harder on my ankle
 bangles, moving my wrists closer together. I heard the gentle clink as
 my bracelets touched together. I did it again, the sound sending a
 shiver up my spine.

 I was frantically humping the ball of nightgown underneath me while
 pulling my feet back to press on my bum when I came harder than I had
 ever done before. As I ground my pussy down on the cloth my head was
 pulled up and I had my mouth open in a silent scream. I let my fingers
 slip from my bangles as I fell, exhausted, down on my bed with little
 shivers racing across my body. It was some time before I was able to
 stand and stagger into the bathroom. The front of my nightgown was
 wrinkled and soaked and it smelled kind of funny too. I cleaned up a
 little and took a pee, then went back to bed. I tossed and turned for
 hours, unable to sleep thinking about what I had seen that night. At
 one point I took a sock from the hamper and with my hands behind my
 back, pulled it through my bracelets and tied a knot in it. I must
 have fallen asleep like that because when I woke up the knot had
 slipped out and my hands were free, but the sock was still through one
 of my bangles.

 The next day Rachel and Gwen were their same friendly selves so I
 guess they never saw me in their room that night. But the images of
 what I saw continued to haunt me for weeks after, until I summoned up
 enough courage to ask Donna about what I suspected were the real
 purpose of the bangles we wore. One evening after supper I asked her
 if I could talk to her. We went to her apartment and she gave me a
 glass of milk from the fridge. We sat by the big front window for a
 while watching the cars pass by the house. I didn't quite know exactly
 what I wanted to know and I just kind of blurted out "Why do we wear
 these bangles?"

 Donna began telling me how they add a kind of symmetry and beauty to
 our bodies that is attractive to the eye. She went on about how they
 mark us as one trained to give of ourselves and to help another find
 happiness and peace. I had heard all this before. I just had to know
 if my suspicions were correct. I put down my glass of milk on the
 table and, surprising myself with my boldness, looked her right in the
 eyes. I brought my hands behind my back and clinked my bangles
 together..

 Donna's eyes grew wide and a sly smile began to spread on her lips.
 She sat back on her chair and said that usually we don't find out
 about this until we are older. The technical term is bondage, she
 said, and if you look it up in the dictionary it can mean servitude
 owed to someone or the relationship of a slave to his master, also to
 be tied, bound, made helpless. Many people find that tying up someone
 and making them helpless gives them a kind of power over that person.
 Others enjoy the feelings of helplessness that being tied up brings
 them. The one doing the tying is referred to as the master or top
 while the one being tied is the bottom or sub, submissive, willing to
 submit to their master's wishes. Some people like to switch, sometimes
 being the bottom and sometimes the top.

 Donna told me that none of this should ever be forced on someone who
 doesn't want it. "The company tries to bring you girls up to realize
 your fullest potential as a companion for one of our clients, the men
 who come to us looking for a partner or a mate. All of this will be
 explained to you when you finish your schooling here. You will be sent
 then to another place to complete your final training. There you will
 be instructed on how to use your body to attain the most pleasure for
 yourself and the man who will make you his own. It is there where you
 usually find out the true purpose of the bangles you wear. There is no
 harm that you have already guessed however."

 Donna stood up and went into the other room for a minute, returning
 with a small metal object which she gave to me. It was a small oval
 shaped ring with a piece in the middle that hinged inward when I
 pushed on it. Donna took one of my hands and pushed the ring onto my
 bangle. The piece closed with a little click. She took my other hand
 and pushed that bangle into the ring, clicking it on. My hands were
 now joined together in front of me. I saw that I could push the piece
 of the ring down with my thumb and free myself, but I didn't. Donna
 sat down again across from me and watched me twist my hands around and
 gently try to pull them apart. "You won't break that ring," she said,
 "it's made from the same metal as the bangles."

 "How do you feel, Nissa?" she asked me when I had sat still with my
 hands together in my lap for a few minutes. "Does it annoy you? Do you
 like it? Are you a bottom or a top? Or does it not really matter at
 all? During the next few years you will find your answers to these
 questions. Everyone has a different take on the subject of sex and
 there is no right or wrong way to achieve the pleasures from it,
 unless you are hurting someone or making them feel uncomfortable
 against that person's wishes. At the company, we try to let you find
 out what you want and then we match you to someone with similar
 tastes."

 Donna came over to me and unhooked the ring from my bangles. She
 placed another one in my hands, this one had a covering of black
 leather over it. She said that I could keep this one if I wanted to,
 the leather would cushion it so it wouldn't make noise rattling
 against the bangles. That night I slept with my hands together in
 front of me, the little ring holding my bracelets close together.
 After my room mate was asleep I rubbed myself silly before drifting
 off into a deep sleep. In the morning the little ring was still there,
 holding my bangles and my hands together.

 After I had my talk with Donna I was able to better understand the
 feelings I was having from seeing Rachel being dominated by Gwen that
 night. Of course I knew I was happier to let others take charge and
 make the decisions for me but I had thought before that this was not
 right and I should try be more assertive. Now I saw that it was O.K.
 to let another take the lead and that I could be happy to follow
 along. I also understood the purpose of the bangles and the feelings
 that would come over me when I used the little ring that Donna gave me
 to attach them together at night.

 It was due to this new understanding that I became more at peace with
 myself and was better able to concentrate on my school work,
 graduating with high marks that first year. We all had a big party at
 the end of the school year before Gwen and Rachel were sent away for
 their final training period. Donna and Lisa and I did some travelling
 in France and Spain during the summer holidays, returning to the house
 in London a few weeks before the fall semester. Three new girls joined
 us for that year, two were twins from Thailand, Kim and Lynn, while
 the other girl, Susan, was from China.

 This was my family for the next two years and we all worked hard at
 our studies. I still shared the room with Lisa and it was a few weeks
 after Christmas that we found ourselves suddenly drawn to each other.
 I still liked to connect my bangles together at night with the ring
 that Donna had given me and that night I guess I made a little too
 much noise when I thought Lisa was asleep. I had attached my hands
 behind me and was on my stomach pressing myself into the mattress when
 I felt the covers lifted off of me. Opening my eyes I turned my head
 and saw Lisa standing holding the blankets off me, staring at me with
 my hands bound behind my back.

 After a few awkward moments I moved my hand to open the ring and free
 myself but Lisa sat down beside me and put her hand over mine. Her
 fingers examined the little ring that held my bangles together,
 pushing open the catch and letting it snap shut again. Then she lifted
 the hem of my nightgown, I, raising myself up a little so she could
 slide it up past my waist to my shoulders. Lisa then ran her hand up
 and down my back, under my arms. Her other hand came down on my thigh,
 pushing in between. I parted my legs a little and soon she found the
 place that I couldn't reach, bound as I was.

 Lisa never said a word as she rubbed me on my bed that night and
 later, when I was done, she got up and placed the blankets back over
 me and went back to her own bed. It all had seemed like a sweet dream
 as I lay there, soon drifting off to sleep. The next morning I awoke
 to find Lisa sitting on her bed looking at me. She gave me a smile and
 a nod but the events of last night were never discussed, not during
 breakfast nor during the walk to school. After school I looked for
 Lisa but she didn't show up so I walked back home with the others. It
 was about an hour later that she came into our room and started to
 change her clothes, all the while giving me sly smiles. She came over
 and sat beside me.

 "I bought you a present." she said, and gave me two brass padlocks.
 She took the keys and attached them to a ring with a heart shaped
 pendant hanging from it. "Those are yours and these are mine." she
 stated, pocketing the key ring. That evening while we did our homework
 Lisa told me to put one of the locks through my ankle bangles. The
 feeling I had when I did what she said and I heard the lock click shut
 was indescribable. I did find it hard to concentrate on my studies
 that evening. Later on Lisa unlocked my feet long enough for me to use
 the bathroom and take off my clothes before she put the locks on me,
 one for my feet and one for my hands, connecting them in front of me.

 Lisa undressed and lay down on her bed. She told me to come over to
 her, which I found difficult with my feet locked together, but I
 managed. I sat on her bed and we began to touch each other. Lisa lay
 back and waited for me. I got the hint that she wanted me to do to her
 what she had done for me last night and I started running my hands up
 and down her body, eventually centering my attentions on the place
 between her legs. I began exploring her pussy, putting first one, then
 two fingers inside her hot, tight hole while rubbing that sensitive
 nub at the top with my thumb. It wasn't long before Lisa's back arched
 up off the bed and I could feel the pulsations of her cum in my
 fingers. When I took my hands away from Lisa's crotch and I brushed
 the hair off my face I caught the scent of her off my other hand. I
 touched my finger to my tongue, just curious of how it would taste
 like. Lisa's eyes popped open just as my finger touched my tongue and
 I think she saw me. She gave a great smile and raised her arms
 inviting me to lay down on top of her.

 I stretched down on top of her with my arms up over her head and we
 lay there and cuddled for a while. Then Lisa told me to go to my own
 bed. As I shuffled across the room I was at first a little
 disappointed that she told me to leave, but then I remembered how good
 I had made her feel, and how good she had made me feel the night
 before, and I crawled into my bed quite pleased with myself. I heard
 Lisa call my name and say good night, I answered her back. The feeling
 of having my ankles locked together was new to me but it was not
 unpleasant at all and I was able to fall asleep soon after.

 That was the beginning of what was to be my first love affair, one
 that lasted a year and a half, until Lisa graduated and was sent away
 for her final training session. During our time together I was able to
 understand and develop my own submissive tendencies while Lisa,
 although not really dominant herself, would really enjoy having me as
 her "slave". We always kept our affection for each other to ourselves
 during that time but I think that even if Donna found out, and I'm
 sure she knew anyway, there would not have been a real problem over
 it. As I was to find out later during the final training that this
 kind of play is encouraged amongst the girls in the program.

 During my senior year at the high school Susan, the Asian girl, moved
 to my room. She was a nice girl but she didn't seem to know much about
 sex and I didn't think it was my place to tell her. She found out
 quickly that I liked to lock my hands and feet together at night (Lisa
 had given me the keys for the locks when she left) and one time I put
 one of the locks on her wrist bracelets and we fooled around a bit,
 but I could tell she wasn't really into it like Lisa and I had been.
 But she did tolerate my clanking and thrashing around at night so that
 was O.K.

 It was just before Christmas of that last year that I had my first
 real experience with a boy. Our school was all girls but they
 organized dances from time to time with an all boys school nearby.
 Looking back, those early dances were comical affairs with the girls
 on one side of the gym and the boys on the other, all too shy to cross
 over and mingle, but as I got older or curiosity took over, us older
 ones made the move to get to know one another. I was talking with a
 group of friends and from the corner of my eye I saw a rather handsome
 boy move over to stand beside me. I turned to him and he asked me if I
 wanted to dance, so we did. It felt a little awkward at first but I
 soon started to feel more comfortable with him. We danced together for
 three songs, the last one a slow number where he held me close as I
 leaned my head on his shoulder.

 After, he got us some punch and we sat and talked for a while. He told
 me his name was Steve and he said that he thought I was very pretty.
 We danced for a few more songs and he asked if he could see me again.
 He gave me his number and I said I would have to ask my mum (Donna)
 and I would let him know.

 The next morning I told Donna about Steve and that he wanted to see me
 again. Donna said that it was O.K. to date him but that I would have
 to tell him that I couldn't get serious with him since I was still too
 young, and that I would probably not see him again after I graduated
 and was sent on for my final training. But it would be good for me to
 gain some experience with boys my own age, she added. I called Steve
 that afternoon and we made plans to go see a movie that night.

 I met him at the front of the house and we took a bus to the theatre.
 During the movie Steve put his arm around me, holding me close to him
 and we kissed a few times. Then, afterwards we walked back, stopping
 in a park to sit on one of the benches, cuddling and kissing some
 more. I was a little nervous at first but Steve's body felt nice
 against mine, different, when I ran my hands across his chest and down
 his arms. Steve took my hands and was playing with my bangles, turning
 them around. He asked me how they came off since he could see no catch
 and I said that they didn't come off. I lifted my leg and pulled up
 the cuff of my jeans to show him the ones on my feet and he bent to
 look closer. When he hooked his finger through it to pull my leg up a
 little, a warm feeling began to spread through me.

 I started to tell him about the special program that I was in and how
 a husband would be found for me when I was older. He knew about the
 arranged marriages that were common in my country and I said that it
 was something like that. I told him that the bangles that we wear are
 a symbol or a kind of mark for us who are in the program. All the time
 I was talking he had been playing with the bangle on my ankle, turning
 it around and feeling the inside with his fingers. He turned and sat
 between my legs, never letting go of the bangle, and pressed his hip
 into my crotch, holding me with his other arm, kissing me on my neck
 and lips.

 I brought one hand down to his and he hooked his fingers through the
 bangle on my wrist, clinking it together with the one on my ankle. I
 melted into him then, tugging gently to free myself yet not wanting
 this time to ever end. We kissed and cuddled some more, then he
 released me and he walked me the rest of the way home. I could tell
 that he was pleased with me and I said that I would call him tomorrow.

 When I went into the house I met Donna in the kitchen. She looked me
 over and asked how my date went. I got the feeling that she wasn't
 interested in the movie we saw when she asked me to come and sit in
 her room. It was there that she started to talk about boys and men and
 sex. By this time I had heard or figured out most of it but there were
 a few things I had not known so she filled in a few blank spots for
 me. Then she handed me a few foil wrapped condoms with the warning
 that if I wanted to go farther with Steve I was to use them. She made
 it clear that I would learn more on this subject later, but I was free
 to experiment now if I wanted to.

 I went on three more dates with Steve during the next two weeks but he
 was the perfect gentleman and we never got past the hug and kiss
 stage. Then he called and asked if I wanted to come over to his house
 that Saturday night. After I said yes he told me that his parents
 would be away for the weekend and we could have the house to
 ourselves. I said that I would see him then.

 Steve sent a taxi for me that evening and Donna saw me off with a hug.
 I hadn't told her about Steve's parents not being there but I knew
 that she knew something was up. Steve lived in a nice house set back
 from the quiet street and he met the cab when it pulled up in front.
 After he closed the door and hung up my coat he surprised me by
 pulling my hands behind me and then pressing hard against me, kissing
 me passionately.

 As he held my arms tightly behind my back I started to feel the
 stirrings in my stomach and crotch. Steve released me and when I
 opened my eyes he was smiling at me. I, still keeping my hands behind
 my back, smiled at him. We went up the stairs and into his room. He
 turned to me and began to unbutton my blouse. I stood there and let
 him take off all my clothes which he did slowly, savouring each bit of
 my body as it was revealed. After I was naked he quickly stripped and
 we lay down together on his bed.

 I toyed with the tuft of hair on Steven's chest as he lay back and
 watched me. I moved my legs and heard my bangles clink together.
 After a while we sat facing each other and Steven started to play with
 them. He asked me if they bothered me and I told him no, that I kind
 of liked them. Then he did something that I had longed for but had
 hardly expected.

 Steven reached into a drawer beside the bed and came back with a short
 piece of thin chain and a lock. He passed the chain through my two
 ankle bangles, then connected the ends with the lock, locking my two
 wrist bangles together with it before snapping it shut. I sat with my
 wrists locked together and attached closely to my ankles as he lay
 back against the headboard watching me. I pulled at the lock and chain
 that bound my bangles together but there was no way I could get free.
 When I looked up at Steve's eyes and saw the intent stare he was
 giving me my emotions quickly cycled from fear to thrilled then to
 surrender, ready and willing to accede to his wishes.

 Steve reached out to stroke my hair, running his hands down it's
 length along my arms to my hands laying on the bed between my legs.
 He grasped the chain and pulled himself up, closer to me, to plant
 little soft kisses starting at my toes and working up my arms to my
 neck and face. I tried to raise my hands to caress his face but the
 chain jerked tight pulling my feet closer together, the links rattling
 through my bangles. Steve reached down past the chain to my pussy,
 stroking the patch of hair there for a moment before going lower to
 the opening which had become quite damp already. I grasped his arm
 between my hands when his finger found the spot, pressing it harder
 into me. He slipped a finger into me then, moving it around inside
 while he bent closer and kissed me on my breast, then taking the
 nipple between his lips and sucking it into his mouth while rubbing my
 other breast with his hand.

 Feelings of passion began to overwhelm me from the stimulation at my
 tits and pussy. I let my eyes close and, leaning into him, started to
 moan and twitch a little as the tension built. I grabbed the chain to
 pull hard on it when I felt myself start to fall over the edge, my
 whole body growing taut as the powerful orgasm coursed through me.
 Steve had his arm around my shoulders when I came back to reality, his
 lips pressed gently to my cheek and his other hand softly stroking my
 pussy. He leaned back on the bed, pulling me down with him. I lay on
 my side with my head on his stomach and my hands, still bound to my
 ankles, between my legs. His prick was near my face, twitching from
 time to time and I could see a drop of wetness at the tip. I moved my
 head closer to stick out my tongue and taste the slight saltiness of
 it. I started to lick the head of it before taking it between my lips
 and drawing it into my mouth.

 Steven rubbed my back and neck, gathered up my hair to run it's length
 through his fingers while I took more and more of him into my mouth. I
 would move my head back and lick around the tip, then slide down,
 farther each time until I had the whole length of his cock in my mouth
 and part way down my throat. Soon Steve began to let out a little gasp
 each time it went deep into me. I shifted to get up on my knees
 between his legs. With my hands pulling on my feet my ass was high in
 the air as I bent to catch his cock with my mouth again. I flicked my
 head first to get the hair out of my way and it spread like a blanket
 across his chest. Regaining my treat I rocked back and forth, bobbing
 my head up and down on his throbbing prick.

 Steven brought his legs up to press his thighs against me and to rub
 his feet over mine and the bangles around my ankles. At one point I
 heard him ask me if he could come in my mouth. I looked up to him and
 shook my head, yes. At the time I would have jumped out the window if
 he asked me to, if I hadn't been bound hand and foot that is.

 I soon started to feel the quivering in his thighs pressed against me
 and I knew he was close. I pressed harder with my tongue to push the
 head of his cock tighter against the roof of my mouth on each stroke.
 Steven's hips lifted slightly off the bed and, taking a deep breath, I
 let myself slide all the way down to nestle my lips in the hair at the
 base of his cock, the head of it deep in my throat. I moved my head in
 a tight little circle, once, twice. Steve exploded his load of cum
 straight into my stomach. I could feel the surges of it blasting
 through his prick as I fought to follow his hips, keeping him deep
 inside me as he writhed in pleasure on the bed. I raised up, getting a
 spurt in my mouth, and let his cock slip out to flop on his belly
 giving a final twitch and dribbling on his stomach. I rocked back to
 sit on my heels while I watched him come back to life.

 After a few moments his eyes fluttered open and focused on me. He
 raised up and gripped me around the waist, giving me a big smile and a
 kiss on the end of my nose. Then he reached back to the table beside
 the bed to get the key to the lock. After he had released me we lay
 together for a while before we got up, I to go to the bathroom as he
 prepared us something to eat. After I had a pee and cleaned up a bit,
 I went down and found Steven in the kitchen. He poured me a glass of
 wine, then set out some plates and things on the table. I saw that the
 lock and the chain was placed on the table beside one of the plates. I
 asked Steve if he needed any help and he said no, so I sat down at the
 table. Steve poured some dressing in the bowl of salad, then came over
 and placed it on the table. I picked up the chain and lock, looking at
 him. When he asked me to put it on myself, glancing down at my feet, I
 was quick to obey, slipping the chain through my bangles and clicking
 the lock on the two ends.

 I looked up and received a warm smile from Steven, who fetched the
 wine from the counter, returning to fill my glass, then sitting beside
 me. We had a nice meal starting with the salad and then some lasagna
 with garlic bread followed by warm apple pie with ice cream and
 coffee, which we enjoyed in the front room after I helped Steve clean
 up the dishes. I offered to do all the clean up and I think that
 Steven wanted to just sit and watch me, but he did most of it so we
 would have more time for other things, I guess.

 The chain let me take short steps so after we had our pie and coffee
 in the living room I gathered up the plates to shuffle into the
 kitchen to wash them while Steve sat on the couch watching me. Then we
 watched some T.V. for a while, cuddling on the couch. Finally Steve
 took my hand to lead me up the stairs and into his room again. I
 pulled my dress over my head and tossed it on a chair. I hadn't put on
 underwear from our time earlier so I was instantly naked and already
 chained, ready for him.

 That night I lost my virginity to Steven. When we started to get
 serious on his bed I told him that I had never fucked before, which
 kind of surprised him since our earlier encounter had been so nice.
 At first he didn't want to do it but I told him that I would be
 pleased to go all the way with him so he promised to be gentle. He got
 some towels from the hall closet, saying there might be some blood,
 and he put them under me. I was going to ask him to use a rubber when
 I saw him get one from his dresser and roll it onto his cock.. My
 ankles were still chained together but he lifted my feet up and, with
 his knees on either side of my hips, slowly started to push into me.

 He pushed his prick in a little and stopped, asking if I was alright,
 before going in a little more. I was a little scared if there would be
 a lot of pain but when it happened I hardly even noticed. Steven had
 gotten all the way in and was stroking slowly when I felt a kind of a
 pop down there. It hurt just for a second before Steven started to
 thrust into me harder and faster, my legs up in the air and him
 stroking them, kissing my feet and around my bangles. I lost myself in
 the steady rhythm of his pumping, the wild sensations coming from that
 place where we were joined. It didn't take long for me to reach that
 peak again. When Steven came, his cock pulsing as he pushed deep
 inside me, I felt myself clamp down on him as a tidal wave of
 sensation flooded over me.

 There was some blood as Steve pulled out but the towels he had
 thoughtfully provided had caught it all and there was no mess on the
 bed. I peeled the condom off him before taking all and hobbling into
 the bathroom. I found some soap and soaked the towels in the tub. I
 washed myself out, finding that the bleeding had already stopped. I
 pushed in a finger gently and yes, something did feel different in
 there. Steven called out if I was alright and I answered yes as I
 shuffled back to his room. We slept in each others arms that night,
 the chain still locked through my ankle bangles the next morning when
 I woke up.

 Steven woke up and went out into the hall to look around to make sure
 his mom and dad hadn't come back in the middle of the night. When he
 found the coast was clear we lay on his bed, holding each other
 closely for some time before getting up to get some breakfast. I put
 on my night gown before carefully making my way down stairs. Steve
 hadn't offered to take the chain off my bangles, nor did I ask him to.
 As he sat at the table watching me I found some eggs and bread, and
 fried up some french toast for us both, shuffling around his kitchen,
 the lock and chain rattling on the floor. I poured the coffee and set
 his plate down before getting mine. Although I had the urge to kneel
 on the floor beside him I took a chair next to him and we ate in
 silence, us both hardly ever taking our eyes from each other.

 After I cleaned up I followed Steven back up to his room where we made
 slow, sweet love again. He ran his hands over every part of my body
 while I lay there on the bed in true bliss. After that, Steven lay on
 his front while I sat on his bum, rubbing and kneading the muscles of
 his back and arms. He flipped over putting his legs through mine, the
 chain underneath his legs, holding my feet down on the bed. I then
 rolled a rubber onto his stiff cock and lowered myself down onto it's
 length. I sat like that for several minutes with him inside me as I
 ran my hands over his chest, occasionally bending to kiss him, before
 starting a slow up and down motion on his throbbing member. Steven
 hooked his fingers through my bangles, bringing my hands together and
 holding them tightly as I slid myself slowly up and down his shaft. I
 would relax with him deep in me whenever I saw him get too close,
 wanting to make the moment last forever, before resuming my unhurried
 up and down movements.

 I felt I was able to make time stand still that morning, our love
 making lasting for quite a while. There was no pain, only a sweet
 fullness down there that was like nothing I had ever felt or imagined.
 My movements speeded up, becoming more frantic. I ground myself
 against his pubic bone with him deep inside me, then up, to feel the
 throbbing head of his prick at my pussy lips. Steven, his fingers
 still locked through my bangles, pulled my hands to his face, kissing
 my fingers and the palms of my hands. He raised his head up a little,
 breathing hard. I could tell he was ready, as was I. A few more
 strokes and I felt his cock start to pulse inside me as he let out a
 loud moan. His hands went to my waist, pushing me down harder into
 him, impaleing me on the length of his cock. I lost it then, throwing
 back my head as the first rush hit, then forwards as the force of my
 orgasm flowed down to where our bodies met.

 We were one for those moments as the power of raw lust blasted through
 us, my master and I. It was that morning I knew just what kind of a
 relationship with a man I would have. It became clear as a picture, a
 picture of me, chained, naked and serving Him. I rocked forwards, my
 lips finding Steve's in a long and sloppy kiss. He broke the kiss
 first, moving to disentangle our bodies. My ankles hurt a little from
 the chain pulling my bangles and pressing them into me. Steven
 unlocked me and rubbed under each bangle until I felt better. He went
 on about how nice I had made him feel and I said that he had made me
 feel pretty good too.

 A little later on we got dressed and left his house to take a bus
 downtown. We found a touristy area where there were some shops open so
 we walked around, stopping to look in the stores and having lunch in a
 nice fish shop. It was early evening that he rode with me to my house
 and we parted, hugging and kissing on the porch for a while before
 Steven left.

 Although I had a good time with Steve that weekend we only made love
 once more before the end of school year. However, that night I had
 spent with him helped me to see somewhat how it would be like for me
 later on, when I would be given over to the person who would claim me
 as his own. The way he had taken me, using that chain to tie me, had
 felt so right to me, so intimate and loving that I could have served
 him till the end of time.

 Steven and I dated often during those last months in London, but it
 wasn't until just before graduation that we had sex again. Both he and
 I understood that our relationship would end at that time so he rented
 a room in a hotel and after a nice meal we went up to make love. It
 was good but he didn't try to dominate me or tie me, we just screwed.
 Satisfying, but lacking something, I felt. He told me that his father
 was taking a transfer to Boston so they were going to move there, and
 if I was ever in the States that I should look him up.

 I got excellent marks on my final year and after a big party at the
 house I was sent back to India for my final two years of training. I
 arrived in Bombay where I was met by a man from the trading company
 who escorted myself and two other girls by train and boat, finally by
 walking, to a village in the mountains of the south west. The village
 had the company's traning school there, where I and others in the
 program would be taught the finer points of love making.

 [end of part 1]


 Tune in next week to hear of life in the training school and Nissa's
 experiences there in part 2 of Nissa's story.

		 Dino Dave.







 NISSA'S STORY  Part 2/3     C/W 1999  Dino Dave

 The trading company school was located about a mile from the actual
 village which provided food and other support for us. The villages
 in the area also entered into the program some of the most beautiful
 girls. The other new girls and I were taken to the office to meet with
 the headmaster. He introduced himself as Paul and he was an older
 gentleman with a warm smile and eyes, which put me immediately at
 ease.

 Paul briefly outlined the training that we would receive over the next
 two years. He said that we would learn how to present ourselves, how
 to enhance our beauty and grace and how to please the man who would
 eventually be our mate. We would learn how to give pleasure and how to
 receive it, as well as learn how to adapt to a variety of situations
 that might arise and how to deal with them. At the end of the two
 years we would have the knowledge of everything to do with sex and how
 it varies from different cultures and societies.

 He also talked of the purpose of the bangles we all wore and how they
 will mark us as those trained in the art of making love. "The men who
 come to us looking for companions," Paul said, "are generally wealthy
 men from around the world. We have already placed over eight thousand
 girls in the seventy five years since the trading company was founded,
 girls who were orphans or abandoned like yourselves. Countless other
 children have been helped by the company's schools and programs in the
 poorer countries. It has been only in the last twenty years or so that
 we have required you in our special program to be fitted with the
 bangles. When you are at the theatre or some other social functions
 with the person who will choose you, don't be surprised to see another
 woman wearing the bangles, and know that you have a friend who shares
 in the life that you do."

 Paul hinted to us of another use for our bangles, the bondage aspect
 that I had found out about, and then we were dismissed to have our
 dinner. There were about thirty beautiful young ladies at the school.
 I asked about Lisa and found that she had finished her training here
 last year and had been sent to the building near Bombay where the men
 came to select their girl. After supper I walked around looking in the
 buildings and talking with a few of the other girls. A couple girls
 said that they were heading over to the pool for a swim so I went
 along with them.

 The pool was at the back of the compound with showers along one wall
 and looked quite refreshing. The others just stripped off all their
 clothes, piling them on the beaches or tables nearby, so I did the
 same. I stood under the shower and washed the grime from the trip off,
 then crossed to the pool and dove in. The cool water felt great on my
 skin as I paddled to the other side. I saw there was a kind of alcove
 with bushes and trees hanging over the water, almost touching. I felt
 my feet touch the bottom, the water not deep at this end. I stood,
 brushed the water from my eyes, then I saw it.

 There was a girl sitting on the edge of the pool. Her eyes were
 closed. Another girl was kneeling behind the first, her arms around
 her and her hands were kneading her breasts. Another girl was laying
 in the water with her head between the thighs of the girl sitting on
 the edge, her face pressed tight against her crotch. I stood and
 stared for a few moments while the girl in the middle moved her hips
 around and made little moans.

 I jumped when an arm snaked around my waist, a blond haired girl
 pulling herself near me. "Mmmm, That's what I need." she said. "After
 the class today I wanted to jump on anything that moved. You're new
 here. Hi, I'm Jo-Ann."

 "Nissa." I said. "I just arrived this afternoon," I don't know why I
 wanted to impress her but I added, "from London."

 "Cool," she stated, "I did my high school in L.A." "California." she
 added to my quizzical look. She had pronounced it lay. "Been here six
 months now. Not much to do evenings here, except that." waving a hand
 at the trio. The one in the middle was thrashing her head up and down,
 her moans getting louder, her nipples getting pinched and twisted by
 the one in back. Jo-Ann was standing very close to me. I could feel
 the hairs of her pussy against my hip.

 We watched as the girl in the middle, Karen I was told, tensed and
 threw her head back as she came powerfully from the ministrations of
 the other two girls. Jo-Ann and I made our way to the alcove, climbed
 out of the water and sat on a bench nearby. Lights had come on around
 the compound and around the pool area, but the end we were in remained
 dark. I noticed that Jo-Ann hadn't stopped touching me since we met,
 her soft caresses making me lose any inhibitions I may have had. When
 she bent close to kiss first my cheek, then my lips, a tingle ran down
 my back.

 Jo-Ann moved her head lower to take one of my nipples between her
 lips, gently licking and sucking it. I slid my hand along her thigh
 and when I reached the patch of silky fur she parted her legs to allow
 me to explore lower. I slipped a finger through her slit. She jumped
 when my finger touched her clitoris.

 She turned to lay on the bench with her head in my lap. I bent forward
 a little and she found my nipple with her mouth again. She bent one
 leg up when I reached between her legs and I parted her slit, pushing
 a finger into her. Her cunt gripped my finger, seeming to pull it into
 her, her mouth working on one nipple, then her hand on my other
 breast, fingers rubbing the sensitive tip.

 I heard splashing and giggling and looked up to see the three girls
 swimming away, leaving Jo-Ann and I alone. I had noticed recently that
 my nipples were becoming much more sensitive and the fire from Jo-
 Ann's mouth and hand was quickly spreading. I pushed my finger deep
 into her, twisting it around to feel the inside of her, then out, to
 rub up and down her slit, pinching the lips but avoiding her clit to
 make the time stretch out. My arm cradled her head, the fingers of
 that hand entwined in her hair which spilled over my legs and down, to
 tickle my feet.

 I pressed her head harder to my chest as I started to cum from the
 stimulations at my nipples, the feelings washing over me in a giant
 wave while I rocked on the bench. I pushed two fingers into her tight
 cunt with my thumb on her clit, rubbing across the sensitive little
 nub. In just a few moments she released my nipple from her mouth to
 take a gulp of air and let out a long moan. I could feel the inside of
 her cunt squeezing my fingers as her orgasm took hold of her.

 We came back to earth and embraced in a long wet kiss. Then she took
 my hand and we walked into the water to swim back to the other side of
 the pool. We dried off and got dressed, then went over to the
 cafeteria for some snacks. After, Jo-Ann took me to the dorm building
 and helped me find my bed. I spotted my little bag on one of the beds
 beside the wall. First year girls slept on the ground floor while
 those in second year had the second and third. Many of the girls were
 already in bed as I wandered around and I noticed something quite
 interesting. Most of the girls in their beds had a short piece of
 chain through one of their bangles and part of the bedframe, and it
 was locked on with a brass padlock.

 I tried not to be too obvious but I looked again. Some of the girls
 had used the lock to connect one of their wrist bracelets to the bed
 with the chain through the headboard, while others locked one ankle
 bangle with the chain around the rail at the end of the bed. I was
 also quick to notice that a few girls had used the lock to join both
 their wrist or ankle bracelets together, the chain looped through part
 of the bed frame. I saw that there was a table by the door where one
 of the staff sat and as someone came in they would take a lock and a
 piece of chain from it before going to their bed. I went to the
 attendant and asked her about it.

 She said that although we didn't have to if we really didn't want to
 it was expected that we all were locked to our bed at night. She told
 me that all the locks had the same key and that there was someone here
 all night, in case of an emergency, who could release us. This was
 just like when Lisa would put the locks on me at night back in London,
 except I was never chained to the bed. The thought of it was making me
 hot again. The attendant smiled at me as I took a lock and chain from
 the table. I went back to my bed and undressed, then slid under the
 covers.

 I put the chain through one of the metal bars of the headboard. Then I
 put the lock through one of my wrist bangles, through the two ends of
 the chain, and then through my other bangle. The lock was fairly big
 and heavy and when I pressed with my fingers it closed with a solid
 thump. I moved my hands down, the chain pulling up tight, stopping
 them at just above my waist. The lock was bigger than the ones Lisa
 had bought for me and the feelings of it, along with the chain leading
 from it, past my fingers to the headboard were starting to make me
 feel like the bed I was laying on was now a part of me.

 It took me a long time to get to sleep that first night. Although I
 was use to having my hands locked together I would start to drift off
 and my hands would move down, only to jerk to a stop at the end of the
 chain, waking me up. Then I would quietly try to pull on the chain and
 the lock but of course there was no way to get free. This would make
 me even more horny. I noticed that the attendant would sit in the
 office and come out every fifteen minutes or so to look around in case
 anyone needed something. I rubbed my breasts until I saw her make her
 rounds, then, when she went back to the office I moved my hands down
 and slid up on the bed until I could reach my aching pussy.

 I started to finger myself as quietly as I could. The bar on the bed
 that the chain was around had some cloth padding around it so there
 was no noise from that end. The lock was clinking against my bangles
 but that was under the blankets so it wasn't too loud either. The
 chain lay across my chest, rubbing across my nipples, which was an
 added bonus. It didn't take long before I exploded, as quietly as I
 could, in a lovely orgasm. At the last moment I had slid down a little
 so the chain pulled up tight causing my hands to dig even deeper into
 my crotch. After that it didn't take me much longer to fall into a
 deep sleep. The sound of chains woke me as the attendants came around
 in the morning to unlock all of us.

 All the first year girls were wakened first and we went to the dining
 room for breakfast. I learned that the girls in second year would eat
 after we had finished. There were tables set up along one wall piled
 with all sorts of food so I helped myself to some hot cereal, a boiled
 egg and some fresh fruit. During the breakfast I was told to go to
 room eight of building C for orientation, so after I ate I headed over
 there.

 There were seven, counting myself, and we listened to the teacher
 outline our studies for the next two years. We would be given classes
 on math and sciences, languages, english as well as some french,
 german and spanish. There would be lessons in geography and the
 politics of the countries as well as current affairs. The teacher said
 that we would be expected to hold a conversation on a wide range of
 topics. There were also classes on dance and theatre, acting would
 come in handy sometimes, she said. "As you continue in the program
 there will be more training on the sexual aspects of relationships.
 You will be taught everything that there is to know about the subject.
 After you leave here and are chosen by someone you will be able to use
 that knowledge to understand and provide the sexual pleasures that he,
 or she, is looking for. You will know what you want out of the
 relationship, and the company will try to match the needs of the
 client with those of yourself to ensure a happy and lasting union."

 The teacher then took us for a walk around the compound, showing us
 the various buildings and where the classes were. One room was a small
 theatre where a group of girls were watching a movie. It was a porno
 film, the woman on the screen had a man behind her with his cock
 buried up her ass with another man in front, his prick in her mouth.
 Our group watched for a few moments as both men pulled their cocks out
 at the same time and shot their cum over the woman's body.

 In the hallway we were told that we would learn how and why such
 movies were made. We were led to a large room down the hall with
 shelves full of books and magazines. Along with the stuff every
 library had there was a big section with all sorts of sex related
 topics. I picked up one magazine and flipped through, then again, a
 little slower. There were pictures of women and men wearing kind of
 horse things. Some of the pictures showed people hitched to small
 wagons and some were with another person sitting on a saddle, riding
 the other person like a pony.

 I glanced around nervously, feeling the dampness spreading inside my
 panties, at the others who were engrossed in similar books and
 magazines. The teacher said that we could find here information on
 almost any kind of sexual preference known. She said that we would be
 given times where we could come in and browse the stacks, reading
 anything that we wanted to. There were computer terminals along one
 side of the room that we were told linked to the main system where
 pictures and text files were stored. "These files have been downloaded
 from the internet," she said, "and you will be taught how to separate
 fantasy from reality when you look at the sexual related material
 here."

 We then took a break for lunch, meeting back in the library
 afterwards. I was eager to return to the magazine I had flipped
 through and I ate quickly, only to return and find the teacher there,
 talking to a few of the other girls. I sat with them and waited for
 the class to begin again, not wanting to appear too eager to get back
 to the pony magazine.

 When all the others had returned the teacher handed out our schedules
 and explained that the year was divided into two blocks of five months
 and one week. That left a week free between semesters. "This is not a
 holiday camp here," she said. "The classes are intense, and we expect
 you to work hard to learn as much as you can over these next years. We
 present the information as best as we can and it is up to you to learn
 it. There are no exams at the end of a course, if there are things
 that you don't understand, ask, and your teacher will help you. When
 you leave this school you will be beautiful and intelligent young
 ladies, highly skilled in the art of making love and in keeping a man
 happy and proud to have you.

 "Some time during this year a doctor will arrive at the school and
 will preform a small operation on each of you which will prevent you
 from getting pregnant. We won't force this on you if you have strong
 objections, however it is best to have the operation so that you need
 not worry about birth control. If, when you are chosen, you and your
 mate want children, the trading company has thousands of children
 around the world under it's care, and can arrange for you to adopt as
 many as you both wish."

 I was a little relived that I wouldn't have to worry about getting
 pregnant. It was a concern for me when Steven and I were making love
 back in London that the condom might break or something. The teacher
 told us that there were men on the staff here, and that other boys
 would be brought in from the villages to let us practice having sex
 with. "There are many types of disease now that can be passed on
 during sex." she said. "We test all the men before they are allowed in
 here, to ensure you are kept safe and in good health.

 "Many people have the belief that sex is something dirty that should
 be kept hidden. A lot of people have no tolerance for sexual practices
 that don't fit their idea of what it should be, namely a husband and
 wife making love in the dark in their own bed. Period. Homosexuals,
 fetishists, are often shunned, marginalized or treated with contempt
 or ridiculed. Sometimes narrow mindedness is taken to the extreme and
 violence is directed to those who don't fit into the societies mold.
 As some of you may have already experienced, sex can be a beautiful
 thing, the pleasures it can bring almost beyond description. A good
 part of the training you will get here will have to do with sexual
 practices and how to play out sexual fantasies, making them a reality
 for both your partner and for yourself. You will understand your own
 desires and those of your eventual partner and know how to derive
 pleasures from them."

 The teacher then stood and we followed her to another building which
 housed a gym at one end and the media center at the other. There was a
 group of girls doing exercises in the gym and the teacher said that
 physical fitness was important as well, to keep our bodies in good
 shape. The media center had T.V, sets tuned to various channels, a
 satellite feed brought in news and educational programs. We walked
 through and out, into a garden area near the swimming pool, and sat
 around a table there. The teacher asked if we had any questions. One
 girl asked where the money came from to run this school.

 "The men who come to us wanting one of you as a companion are asked to
 make a donation to the trading company's missions." she answered.
 "These gentlemen are generally quite wealthy and the amount we ask for
 one of you reflects the training you have been given, as well as the
 person's ability to pay. The company also receives donations from
 other sources to finance the schools for abandoned or orphaned
 children." Someone asked about seeing some of the girls kissing each
 other and doing other things as well, whether it was alright to do
 that.

 "You will be given opportunities to make love to both men and women
 here. Our view is that the means are no different, well, the technique
 may be, but deriving pleasure for you and the one you are with is the
 end goal. It may be that you discover, or already know that you prefer
 having sex with someone of your own gender. We have had women clients
 whom we have placed girls with." Another girl asked about seeing many
 of the girls had chained themselves to their beds at night.

 "I'm glad you asked me about that." the teacher said. She asked me to
 stand up. Then she took a handful of my long hair and, moving my
 hands behind my back she threaded it through one of my bracelets, then
 the other. She looped the hair around and held it tight. My hands were
 tied behind my back with my own hair! "Many people find that the tying
 up of their partner gives them a kind of a power which adds excitement
 to their relationship. Often the person that is tied feels an. . ."
 The teacher looked at me and must have noticed the heat I felt on my
 face and chest, my quickened breath. She released my hair allowing it
 to slip through my bangles and my hands to fall to my sides.
 ". . Excitement at the feelings of helplessness from being tied up.
 Thank you Nissa." she said, turning to me. I looked at her face and
 she gave me a little smile and a wink.

 "As you saw, the bangles that you all wear, apart from what you have
 been told, can be used to tie your bodies up quite simply, and in a
 variety of ways. By now you have all gotten use to them as being a
 part of yourself. During the training here you will explore their uses
 as a bondage tool, and become accustomed to being bound with them,
 sometimes for long periods, all night for example."

 As there were no more questions we were given the rest of the afternoon
 off and told our classes would start tomorrow. I went to the dining
 room for a snack and something to drink. Then I wandered over to the
 library, eager to find the pony magazine I had seen earlier with the
 pictures I couldn't seem to shake from my mind. I didn't find that
 particular one, but I looked through others in the "B & D" section,
 seeing pictures of women tied helplessly in many ways.

 I was absorbed in one magazine that showed women tied up and whipped.
 One girl was tied by her wrists and ankles, spread between two trees,
 while a big man used a whip on her. She had red marks all over her
 back and bum. One of the girls came over and whispered in my ear "They
 will do that to you here, you know." I looked up at her. "Oh yes," she
 went on, "they did it to me last month. A man and a women take you
 into the forest and they tie you just like that and the man whips you
 with a paddle and then with a stick. Hurt like hell! I screamed and
 cried so much they had to stop, but I've heard of others who had come
 back with big red marks just like that." she said, pointing to the
 picture I had been looking at. "Can you imagine?"

 I had been imagining it for the last ten minutes and my panties were
 soaked. "Thanks for the warning." I said to her. I put the magazine
 back on the shelf and headed to the dining room for some supper,
 stopping in the dorm room to toss my sticky underwear in the laundry.
 Then, after supper I took a shower and a swim in the pool. I was just
 sitting on a bench in the garden, letting my hair dry when I saw the
 girl from the library pass by. I waved and she came over to sit with
 me. Her name was Sereena and she was Spanish, with jet black hair and
 deep black eyes.

 Sereena told me that she was in her second year here and that she was
 finding the sex stuff sometimes a little too much. "Like the other
 night," she said to me, " there are five other girls in my room
 upstairs and one of them gets a long chain and they lock themselves
 all together and they start climbing all over each other in the middle
 of the floor. I was trying to study and I had to leave and go to the
 dining room to get some peace and quiet. When I came back two hours
 later they were still at it, still chained together in a heap on the
 floor!"

 I was dreaming of being in the middle of the heap. "You have had sex
 with a boy, have you?" I asked her.

 "A few times now." she said.

 "How did you like that?"

 "It was O.K." she answered. "They bring young men from the village in
 and let us do stuff with them."

 I became good friends with Sereena, despite our widely different
 outlooks on sexual matters. While she found the whole sexual
 experience "messy and distasteful", to use her terms, I had been
 enchanted with the possibilities ever since my finger first found my
 pussy when I was quite young, and discovered the wondrous feelings
 that could be generated down there. But what Sereena lacked in
 sexuality she made up for in intelligence. She could talk on any
 subject and understood more of the ways of the world than, I thought,
 anyone in the school. I would often go to Sereena, as did other
 girls, when we had problems understanding our lessons. She always
 found a way of explaining things that made it easy to understand.

 Sereena had a little brass ring that was soldered closed on her left
 ankle bangle. It made a gentle tinkling sound when she walked and I
 asked her about it one day. She said that she had refused the
 sterilization procedure that almost all us girls get done and they
 gave her the ring to identify her as a breeder, one who could get
 pregnant. When she had sex with men in the school the little ring
 would remind them to use a condom. Later on I did a search on the
 library computer and found that the clients of the trading company
 sometimes wanted a girl who could give them children as heirs to a
 family fortune or business. After I discovered this I noticed that
 there were a couple of other girls at the school who had the little
 ring on their ankle bangle. I did some more research and came to the
 conclusion that I would prefer to adopt children rather than have my
 own if the man who chose me wanted us to have kids.

 The first quarter of the training was, as we had been warned, quite
 intense, to say the least. Compared to my years in high school I
 often found myself unable to keep up with the studies and had to put
 in extra time in the library or media center going over my lessons.
 Often I would work late into the evenings and most of Sunday, our day
 off, just to keep up. Although I would still tie myself to the bed at
 night, I was usually too tired at the end of the day to do much more
 than fall into a deep sleep.

 At the end of the quarter I was rewarded for my hard work when my
 teacher told me that I had done well. It was during the week off
 between quarters that some boys were brought in from one of the
 villages nearby for us to enjoy. Some of the older girls were sent to
 live at the houses of other men for a few days. Upstairs in the dorm
 building there were some small rooms where we could have some privacy
 while entertaining the young men. I was given a time and place to be.
 When it was my turn I went to the top floor of the building and found
 the room.

 There was a man a little older than me sitting on the bed, waiting for
 me. I closed the door and went to sit beside him. He looked kind of
 nervous and he said his name was Armad. As we talked we both became
 more at ease with each other. Soon we started undressing and we lay
 down on the bed next to each other. We cuddled and kissed for a while,
 then things got serious.

 Armad must have been told of my likes, or he had been selected
 especially for me because where Steven had been gentle back in London,
 Armad started to get more forceful with me. First he used a big
 padlock and hooked all four of my bangles together before snapping it
 closed. I was laying on my side with my arms in front, my hands drawn
 down between my legs and locked to my feet. Armad toyed with me like
 that for some time, tickling my sides and fingering my cunt before
 pushing me up onto my knees with my head and shoulders down on the
 bed.

 My ass was sticking up in the air and I didn't see what he did next
 because my hair had fallen across my face, but I sure felt it. Armad
 had taken his belt and I heard it whistle through the air a split
 second before it landed square across my ass. To be truthful it didn't
 hurt as much as surprise the heck out of me. Armad waited several
 moments before wacking his belt across my bum a second time. I let out
 a little yell at that one.

 I knew that I was in no danger since there were people in the building
 that surely must have heard, and would have known what was going on.
 Armad continued to slash his belt down across my up turned bum,
 pausing several seconds between each stroke. It dawned on me that if I
 were to just fall over on my side, that would put an end to the
 torment from his belt that I was receiving, but I wasn't sure I wanted
 it to end just yet, so I held my position with my butt in the air, an
 easy target for his blows. After ten strokes my ass was stinging.
 After twenty it was on fire. Finally, after the twenty seventh smack I
 lost my balance and fell over onto my side.

 I hadn't passed out from the pain as you read about so many times, but
 I had fallen over from the sudden rush of a moderate orgasm that had
 coursed through my body from the helplessness of my bound position and
 the lashing my bum was getting. Armad had stopped hitting me when I
 fell over and soon I felt his hands on mine, unlocking the lock which
 had held my hands and feet together in it's grip while I had been
 whipped. I stretched out flat on my stomach and brushed the hair from
 my face. I saw him put some cream on his hands and felt the coolness
 of it as he gently rubbed it onto my tender ass cheeks. He let me rest
 for several minutes while the cream soothed the tortured flesh of my
 backside. I looked back to inspect the damage but apart from the red
 stripes across my butt there didn't seem to be anything permanent.

 After a while I rolled onto my back and Armad used the lock to join my
 wrist bangles together over my head with my hands through one of the
 bars of the headboard. I saw him roll a condom over his stiff prick
 and I slowly brought my legs up to allow him to get on top of me and
 push himself into me. At first Armad kept his weight off me, holding
 himself up with his hands, but I felt him pressing down harder, waiting
 for some sign from me that the pain from my backside was too great.
 Although my ass still hurt from the beating, his hard body felt good
 on top of me and I soon forgot about the pain from underneath.

 Armad's full weight was on me now, his rock hard cock pushing deep
 into me, filling me up, then pulling out slowly until just the tip was
 between my pussy lips, threatening to fall out completely. I twisted
 my wrists inside my bangles and pulled hard, wanting to caress his
 head and back, but the big lock held my hands tight to the headboard
 of the bed. Armad pushed in hard and started a slow in and out rhythm,
 his hairless chest sliding up and down against my hard nipples. Three
 times he saw that I was about to reach the edge and he stopped, his
 cock head just between my cunt lips, and watched my expression change
 from ecstasy to agony, my frustration making me pull at my bonds and
 buck my hips, trying to draw him back into me.

 Armad grabbed the hair on the sides of my head in both hands, weaving
 it tightly between his fingers, and pulled, not hard enough to really
 hurt, but firmly, so my head was held in place. He then started to
 pump his manhood into me and I knew that this was going to be it. My
 body writhed beneath him while I twisted my hands trying to get free,
 but knowing that they were inescapably locked to the bed. I started to
 feel his cock get bigger as his thrusts became more frantic. Suddenly
 we were both there, riding the indescribable crest of the wave, then
 crashing down and down the trough, caught in the total rush of
 release.

 Armad released his grip on my hair and rolled off me, his cock pulling
 out with a wet plop, his breathing quick and deep. I could not move
 for several minutes, the intensity of my cum still sending little
 shock waves from my toes to my fingers. Finally I rolled onto my side
 and opened my eyes to look into the deep pools of Armad's. He gave me
 a big smile and brought his hand up to brush the hair from my face
 before planting a big kiss on my lips, his tongue pushing into my
 mouth to meet mine. I snuggled closer to him and he held me in a tight
 embrace for a while.

 Afterwards, Armad found the keys to the lock and released my hands
 from the headboard. With a final kiss he put on his clothes and
 slipped out the door. In a while I got up and looked at my backside in
 the mirror. My ass had an overall reddish tint to it and still stung a
 bit, but most of the marks had faded already. I put on my dress and
 left, to go and get something to eat. As I passed the office at the
 end of the hall one of the staff saw me and called out my name. She
 asked if I was all right but I thought the big smile on my face told
 her what she wanted to know. She still seemed concerned, however, so I
 said that Armad was a very nice man and we had a good time together.
 How could I tell her that I had an orgasm while he was whipping me
 with his belt? Yet that's just what I ended up telling her after she
 brought me into the office and made me show her where Armad had
 whipped me. After asking me a few more questions about my time with
 Armad she said that I had done very well, and sent me off to have
 my dinner.

 It was only much later on that I learned the training school kept a
 record of how us girls responded to the sexual training and
 experiences we have, and what type of material we accessed the most
 from the library. I was told that the information is used to get a
 picture of what our sex preferences were so we could be better matched
 to the personality of the man who would be our mate.

 The work load for my next quarter seemed to be a little easier and I
 had less of a problem keeping up with my studies. I found I also had
 more free time to spend in the library, reading the files from the
 computer terminals. There seemed to be an endless number of stories
 written by people from all over the world. They were kept in a loose
 classification according to the type of subject that they dealt with. I
 tended to read mostly stuff in the bondage section, but also enjoyed
 stories about domination and submission. I also read a few that dealt
 with pain in the S&M directory, but found many of them hard to take
 seriously.

 When Armad had hit me with his belt it had hurt, but I also knew that
 he wouldn't beat me so hard as to leave permanent marks on me. Yet
 some of the stories that I read were about people getting beaten so
 bad that their skin was cut and bleeding. Even so, I wondered just how
 it would feel to be whipped like that, and if it would ever happen to
 me. During one of my sex ed classes my question was partially answered
 when the teacher talked about limits and how a couple should know and
 respect each other's limits on how far to push the other person.

 It was around the mid point of my second quarter that the company
 doctor arrived at the school to preform the sterilization on ten of us
 girls, me included. We were all told first what the operation entailed
 and were each given our last chance to say if we didn't want to have
 it done. The doctor said that he would make a small cut on the inside
 of our belly button. Then, using a long instrument, he would locate
 and tie off the two tubes from our ovaries where our eggs passed
 through into our wombs. He said that there would only be a tiny scar
 from the incision, and that it would be on the inside of our navel, so
 it would be hardly noticeable. We would be put to sleep and the
 procedure would take about an hour.

 The doctor did me and four other girls the next day, the other five
 the day after. When I awoke after the operation I felt sick to my
 stomach but the nurse gave me some medicine that made me feel better.
 I rested in bed for two days before returning to class and after a few
 more days I felt O.K. again. The doctor stayed at the school for a
 week to be sure that we all recovered fully. He told us not to do
 anything too strenuous for the first month, and not to have
 unprotected sex with a man for two months.

 The rest of my second quarter went well, yet there was one thing that
 happened that I remember most vividly. There were some picnic tables
 in a small grove of trees near the back of the swimming pool area.
 Four of the girls decided one day to tie me up on a table and have
 their way with me. It was Sunday, our day off and they started around
 mid morning. They had me take off my dress and lay on my back on top
 of the table. Then they used rope to tie my hands and feet to the legs
 of the table.

 First they passed the ends of the rope through each of my ankle
 bangles and tied them to the table legs, pulling my feet close to each
 side. Then they made me lay back as they used some more rope to tie my
 wrist bangles to the legs at the other end of the table. My knees were
 bent with my feet almost flat on the ends of the seats on each side.
 My arms were up over my head and I couldn't reach the knots in the
 rope holding them since they were down under the seats of the table. I
 was stretched tightly across the top of the picnic table.

 Then the girls started their torture of me, sometimes tickling but
 more often using hands, fingers and mouths to make me cum over and
 over again. At one point I guess I was making too much noise so
 someone rolled up a pair of panties and stuffed them into my mouth,
 holding them in place with a piece of rope tied around my head and
 through my teeth. News of my helpless predicament must have spread
 around the school because as the day wore on girls would come and go
 from the little grove, some just to see, but most to take part in the
 fun.

 Several times a girl would climb on top of the table and with one knee
 between my legs and the other near my hip would grind her pussy
 against mine until she reached an orgasm. A few times I had someone on
 top while others sucked on my nipples at the same time. Sometimes they
 would just sit at the table talking, occasionally reaching to pinch
 one of my nipples or finger my sopping wet cunt. In the beginning I
 was pulling at the ropes that held me, to try and get free, but the
 longer I lay there bound to the table the more resigned I became that
 there would be no escape. At one point someone brought a glass of
 juice and removed my gag to let me drink it. I had lost count of the
 number of times I had cum so far and was exhausted, but I could have
 started yelling to be let loose. After I drank the juice I was given a
 few moments to say something, and a small part of me wanted to. But in
 the end I just meekly opened my mouth and let the girl gag me again.

 I had to pee a couple of times so I tried to let the girls around know
 by grunting and moving my head, but they didn't seem to care, or they
 pretended not to. I had to just pee where I was, letting the piss
 splash out over my legs and the table, having it pool under my ass
 amid squeals of humiliating laughter. Then someone would get a pail of
 water from the pool to splash over me and the table, washing it away.

 The day wore on as I lay tied down to the table, my wrists and ankles
 sore from my pulling on the ropes holding my bangles to it. My mouth
 also hurt from the panty gag and rope holding it in. At times I would
 be left alone and would doze off, to be awakened by sensations at my
 breasts or pussy as someone came along to use my body. The sun was
 going down and it was starting to get dark. I wondered if I was to be
 left out here all night. Yet that thought, rather than making me feel
 afraid, had a kind of calming effect on me. Besides the aches and
 pains of being held tightly in one position for so long I was thirsty
 again, and hungry. I hadn't eaten since breakfast. No one had come by
 for a while now and I wondered if I had been forgotten about.

 It was quite dark when I felt an all too familiar stirring at my
 pussy. I moaned into my gag and, opening my eyes, saw two of the girls
 who had first tied me to this table, one working at my crotch and the
 other licking my breasts. Ever so slowly they brought my abused body
 to a crashing orgasm, the force of which causing me to jerk hard at
 the ropes that held me and bite down on the one between my teeth with
 my mind reeling at the helplessness of my situation.

 They let me relax for several minutes before I felt tugging on the
 ropes as they untied me from the table. As I sat up one girl held me
 while the other removed the gag from my mouth. Then they both helped
 me walk to the pool and down into the water. Again one held me up,
 also holding my hair out of the water, while the other rinsed the
 sweat and juices from my body and pussy. They let me have a glass of
 milk and a sandwich, then walked me to the dorm building and my bed.
 As I passed the clock I noticed that I had been bound to that table
 for over eleven hours. I fell into my bed and slept like a log that
 night.

 The next morning, apart from some stiff muscles and some red marks
 under my bangles where they had rubbed on me I felt fine. As I went
 over to have my breakfast a few of the other girls spoke to me about
 my "ordeal" yesterday. At first I thought I would be laughed at but
 they were almost reverential, speaking in hushed tones about how well
 I had withstood their little game. I, of course, didn't want to let on
 how much I had really enjoyed being the helpless victim, having to do
 nothing but lay back and receive endless pleasures from their
 attentions.

 I had wondered why no one from the staff had come along and put a stop
 to it. As I later on found out everyone in the school had known what
 was happening on that table in the grove of trees, and as long as I
 was in no immediate danger the drama had been allowed to play out to
 the end. When I got the chance to view my records at the end of the
 training I noted the line "handles long bondage sessions with ease"
 had to refer to my day tied down on the picnic table.

 The end of my second quarter, the mid point of the training, was
 celebrated with a huge feast and party at one of the nearby villages.
 Eleven girls plus myself were driven the five miles to enjoy two days
 of food, fun and boys. Since it was early summer the crops were only
 just ready for harvest so the men in the village had time to spend
 with us, letting us practice what we had learned so far.

 I had fun, screwing four different men over the two days, but it
 wasn't as satisfying for me as I knew it could have been. Although the
 men in the village were good looking and even sexy, the domination
 that had charged me at other times was lacking. Sex had come to take
 on more meaning for me than just a nice fuck, I wanted to be taken,
 owned, used and perhaps even abused. I got more than I wished for the
 day after the party, two days before the third quarter was to start.

 I was told to wear only a light cotton dress, nothing underneath. One
 of the women teachers and I were driven by jeep to a small clearing in
 the forest, a few miles from the school. The man who drove us was one
 of the mechanics who worked at the school, a large, strong man with
 thick muscular arms and legs. Before we left he used a lock to attach
 my hands behind my back. Then we drove to the clearing.

 When we stopped I could see two trees in the middle with some things
 hanging from ropes from the branches. The man pulled me by my arm from
 the jeep and walked me to the trees. He used some ropes threaded
 through my ankle bangles to tie my feet to each tree, pulling until my
 legs were spread apart. My feet were about two and a half feet apart,
 not too uncomfortable. At the ends of the ropes hanging down were two
 padded leather cuffs which, after unlocking my hands and pulling my
 dress over my head, he buckled around my wrists. Then he went from
 tree to tree pulling and tying the ropes until my hands were stretched
 up over my head.

 He adjusted the ropes attached to the cuffs several times, each time
 pulling my hands higher, before tying it off. When he finished almost
 all my weight was on my arms with my toes barely resting on the
 ground. I hung naked between the two trees as the man braided my hair,
 winding it on top of my head and pinning it up. Then he stepped back
 and just looked at me for several minutes.

 While I waited for whatever was in store for me, I tested the bonds by
 pulling on the ropes. The cuffs were tight on my wrists, but not
 uncomfortable, quite unyielding though. By putting all my weight on
 them I could raise my feet an inch or two, the ropes from my bangles
 to the trees spreading my legs farther apart as I did so. I returned
 my toes back to the ground and found the best position to stand in, my
 skin slightly chilled from the cool morning air. I looked past the man
 to see the teacher had taken a folding chair from the jeep and was
 sitting under a nearby tree. I looked at the man who then gave me a
 slight nod and, rubbing his hands together, slowly walked around to
 stand behind me.

 I had an idea what was going to happen and the man's hand soundly
 smacking across my bum confirmed it. Smack, on my other ass cheek.
 Smack, Smack, Smack. Five, ten, fifteen, I mentally counted. At
 eighteen bare handed smacks on my bum he paused, walking over to the
 other side, to use his other hand. Another ten, five on each side of
 my bum and it stopped. My toes reached for the ground again as I
 opened my eyes. During the spanking I had pulled up my legs as far as
 I could and had been kicking, my body swinging from my arms at each
 blow.

 I watched the man walk away, over to the jeep, returning with a long
 bag that he put beside one tree. He opened it and pulled out a black
 stick, a leather covered riding crop, I recognised. This he used on my
 defenseless body, starting with my sides and around my belly, then
 moving to my thighs. I was grunting with the pain at first, then
 yelling louder. A couple times my feet were up and he took the
 opportunity to slash across the bottom of my feet. I had screamed the
 loudest at that, it really hurt.

 The man slashed me everywhere with that whip. There was soon no part
 of my body that didn't burn with stinging fire. The beating went on
 for what seemed like a long time before I was overtaken by a most
 massive orgasm. My legs pulled up hard as I tried to curl into a ball,
 the blows from the whip striking me from everywhere it seemed. Then I
 groaned loud as I shook, juice from my pussy spraying down my legs to
 the ground. My fists were balled tight, my feet jerking against the
 ropes, toes scrabbling on the ground as I came and came.

 I hadn't noticed when the beating had stopped, nor did I understand
 what was happening as the tension left my arms and my feet found the
 ground. My legs buckled and I felt coolness of a blanket touch my
 burning bum as the man and the teacher released the ropes holding me
 up, gently lowering me to the ground. I lay there gasping air like a
 beached fish as I tried to come down from the incredible rush I had
 just experienced.

 The hair that had come loose was moved from my eyes and my tears were
 wiped with a cool towel as I struggled to sit up. My hands were still
 held up by the ropes and I used them to pull myself up. I saw, as in a
 dream, my body covered with angry looking red stripes, even my arms
 had not escaped the punishment. The feeling, and the hurting, started
 to return to me then and I groaned aloud. The teacher brought a jug of
 medicine smelling water and with a soft cloth gently patted the marks
 with the cooling liquid. The man sat on the ground against one of the
 trees, watching.

 I was given some water to drink and left to rest while the man and the
 teacher sat a little ways off. My hands were still tied over my head
 and the ropes through my ankle bangles held my legs spread apart, but
 the cool breeze against my hot flesh felt good and I may have dozed
 off for a while. At some point a decision had been made because I felt
 my arms drop as my bonds were removed. The teacher said that we could
 continue, meaning more whipping, but there was no point, I had passed
 with flying colours, she told me. I was patted down with the wet cloth
 again and allowed to dress. The bumpy ride back to the school didn't
 do my sore bum any good but the redness of the stripes on me had
 already faded a lot by the time we got back.

 I rested in bed for the rest of that day, trying to come to grips with
 what had happened to me. The pain from that little whip was so intense
 across my breasts, my pussy, all easy targets strung up as I was. Yet,
 during the worst of it I had cum, I thought, harder than I ever had
 before. How could that be possible? Word had spread around the school
 that something had happened to me and from time to time girls would
 come in to see me, if I was O.K. They saw the marks on my arms and
 legs, a few of which had darkened to purple and brown bruises, and
 understood what had gone on that morning. I lay on my stomach most of
 the time, my back, bum, the backs of my thighs and bottoms of my feet
 hurt the most.

 By evening I felt well enough to make it to the dining hall for some
 dinner. Chef saw me come in and ushered me into the kitchen where a
 nice soft chair was waiting, along with a specially prepared meal.
 That night I locked my wrist bangles together, with a long chain
 leading to the headboard of my bed, and tossed and turned, unable to
 get to sleep. When the attendant came by I asked to be let go so I
 could use the toilet. When I got back to my bed I shortened the chain
 so my hands were over my head, close to the top of the bed, and
 snapped the lock closed. I was then able to fall asleep with visions
 of my naked body stretched between the two trees, the sunlight
 glistening on the beads of sweat which covered me.

 I felt very alone and confused for the next two weeks, not paying
 attention in class, thinking of the whipping I had had and my reaction
 to it. I could barely admit to myself that the cum I experienced while
 being whipped was equal to, maybe even better than while having sex.

 I was sitting on my bed one evening, staring at nothing, when the
 teacher who had been at my whipping asked me to come with her. We
 walked to another building, and upstairs to an empty office. She
 closed the door as I sat down. She stated that I was having problems
 adjusting to the feelings I was having over the whipping and that I
 was to tell her what was wrong.

 The man who whipped you, she told me, has worked for the school for
 fifteen years now, and as well as being an excellent mechanic, keeping
 the school's vehicles and systems running, was a master with the whip.
 The beating that I received was moderately heavy, just under the point
 where I would have been marked in a way that would have taken a much
 longer time to recover from. "During the beating you yelled and
 screamed a lot, perfectly normal under the circumstances, yet you
 never once asked or begged for it to stop. We would have stopped if
 you were in any great difficulty, you know. The reaction you had near
 the end, the orgasm you experienced, looked to be quite powerful. Is
 this what's bothering you, that you obtained such pleasure through
 such pain?"

 I looked up into her eyes. My god these people really know what they
 are doing. She had seen through to the core of my problem. "Yes." I
 told her. "Near the end the pain seemed to be building on itself. It
 started to wrap me in a cloud that I couldn't pull out of. Then it
 seemed to suddenly collapse on and into me, triggering what I think
 was the best orgasm I had ever had. How can something like that be?
 What happened to me?"

 We talked for over two hours, the teacher and I that night. She
 related my experience to the sensory deprivation experiments which
 were popular some years back. A person is placed in a tank of body
 temperature water and a door is closed. The person floats, seemingly
 weightless. There is no sound, no light, no feelings. After some hours
 there is no sense of time or place. The mind draws in on itself in
 what can be a very relaxing, sometimes erotic experience. In my case I
 experienced a sensory overload. I am a submissive, willing to give
 myself over to whatever will happen to me, she said. I was bound,
 helpless, the kicking of my legs against the pull of the ropes that I
 was doing, continuously reaffirmed my situation in my mind. The pain
 from the steady blows of the whip was inescapable. In the end, my mind
 accepted the situation, thus freeing itself to run with the power of
 the feelings I was experiencing.

 "I have heard that a submissive, during a heavy scene such as you had,
 can enter a kind of trance, sub space it's been referred to." she told
 me. "While whippings or being tied down can drive many people crazy,
 those like yourself can more readily accept the situation. The mind
 begins to close off, your consciousness starts to drift away from you,
 entering a place outside of place and time. You become free to put the
 discomfort you are having outside, and to better deal with, even enjoy
 what is happening." I said that I had moments where I seemed to be
 looking down on myself, but I had thought I had been dying. At the
 end, I had seen myself hanging between the trees, the sheen of sweat
 on myself and the man behind me shining in the sunlight.

 "And that is when the orgasm took hold of you?" she asked.

 "Yes." I said.

 "You will make some one very happy some day, Nissa. If we can find the
 right man for you, you will both be very happy." She said.

 I was able to sleep soundly that night, after the talk with the
 teacher. Although I still had doubts over what had happened, at least
 I better understood the feelings I had in the forest that day. In the
 afternoon, next day I was pulled from language class early and led to
 a room on the top floor of the dorm building. I was told to strip and
 I was chained to the bed. A short chain was locked to my bracelets and
 the top of the bedframe, holding my hands up around my head. I was
 told simply that a man would be along shortly and I was to have sex
 with him.

 After quite a while, and I thought I had been forgotten about, I heard
 the door open. The man who had whipped me two weeks ago entered, and
 started to take off his clothes. I thought I was in for another
 whipping, especially when he rolled me onto my stomach, but the blow
 never came. As cruel as he was before, he was even more gentle with me
 this time. He traced little circles on my back with his fingertips,
 pressing softly on the muscles. He massaged me from my neck to my
 toes, then had me roll over to do my front.

 "All of my marks have faded, I see." he said.

 "Yes." "Master." I added.

 He chuckled at that. "Jim will do." he said.

 He ran his hands all over me, ever so gently I had to look to see it
 was the same man who had beaten me so savagely. At one point I had to
 pee and I told him so. He said that he didn't have a key for the lock
 holding my hands to the bed. He went into the bathroom and came back
 with a small pail, which he held for me while I squatted on the bed
 and peed into. Then I lay back down as he traced circles around my
 breasts with his tongue, licking and sucking the nipples before moving
 his head lower, across my belly. He lifted my legs and dipped his head
 in between, gently lapping my clit, pushing his tongue into my cunt,
 making me mad with desire.

 At first I wondered if sex would ever be the same for me, after that
 last session in the woods, and I guess this was the whole point of
 this exercise, to see if I could enjoy the sex without the pain. This
 would also be the first time I was fucked without a condom. The men we
 had been with in the village a few weeks ago had still used them with
 us, and yes, this time the feelings were different.

 Jim came back up and pushed slowly into me. His prick was nice and
 thick and long, filling me wonderfully. He stroked with an easy rhythm
 which I matched, tilting my hips up to meet him, driving his length
 deeper into me. At the end he pushed in hard as I brought my hands
 down, the chain snapping tight, my fingers just grazing the hair on
 his head. I could feel his jism pumping into me, splashing out deep
 inside, triggering my own orgasm which I was happy to note was quite
 intense. We lay together for several minutes before Jim reached down
 to retrieve a towel which he had brought from the bathroom earlier. He
 pulled out from me, using it to wipe himself, stuffing the end between
 my legs. I felt a dribbling at my pussy lips, his cum mixed with mine
 coming out in globs.

 Jim stood and bent to give me a kiss on the lips. He thanked me before
 putting on his clothes, and then he left. I waited a few more minutes
 before the teacher I had spoken with last night came in and unlocked
 me from the bed. She asked if everything was all right, and I answered
 with a shy smile, yes, I was better now. Then she said she would clean
 up the room and that I could go.

 Things were better for me after the talk with the teacher and the
 session with Jim. My confusion and doubts disappeared overnight
 allowing me to concentrate on my lessons. My courses in the third
 quarter were languages, science which was biology and physics. Physics
 was more how things worked, cars, computers, things of the world.
 There was physical ed to keep us fit and trim, and cooking classes
 too. Current affairs, what was going on in the outside world, and of
 course sex ed.

 All the girls liked sex ed. The teacher this term was a small man
 called Mr.Norton. He looked like a caricature of an accountant with
 his thick glasses and bookish mannerisms, but he knew his subject. He
 would often bring in stories from the internet for us to study and
 pick apart, explaining what was impossible or dangerous, what parts
 were more likely to be possibly true. The sex act itself was taken to
 it's smallest detail, studied under a microscope. One week we studied
 the relationship between pain and pleasure.

 By this time all us girls had had a session with the whip. For many of
 the girls it was a short session. We had a show of hands on how many
 couldn't take more than a few strokes, who had lasted longer. Of the
 class, only two had taken the full session. Mr Norton told me in
 private that of all the girls who come through the training, very few
 make it through a session with the whip.

 "One of the keys to deriving pleasure from pain," he told us, "is an
 acceptance of what is happening to you, is going to happen. If you can
 get yourself to believe that a whipping, tight and cramping bondage,
 whatever, is happening and it will continue to happen, you are half
 way there. Having trust in a caring partner is important to give you
 the freedom to accept the situation. Once you have accepted the
 situation and get comfortable in it you can then turn the discomfort
 into a more pleasurable experience. Many of you might think this
 impossible, yet I have seen it happen many times, both here and else
 where."

 Mr. Norton was my sex ed teacher in both my third and fourth quarter.
 He would sometimes show us movies dealing with the subject he was
 talking about. For two weeks we learned all about bondage. Mr Norton
 showed us a video one day, of young women in pony costumes, some
 pulling small carts. To look at him you would never think it, but he
 pointed out a man in one of the carts, using a whip on the two girls
 hitched to it as they drove by. It was a younger Mr. Norton! He told
 us that he and another man had a stable of eight pony girls in the
 U.K. many years ago. They were members of an underground cult who
 trained and owned pony girls and boys. People would come from all over
 the world to see, ride and show them. "This video was shot in Denmark,
 at a very private estate." he explained.

 The scene shifted to show about twenty girls lined up, a showing, he
 said. I had real problems getting to sleep that night. I had a small
 bedroom to myself upstairs by now and I masturbated many times with
 visions of me, the steel bit between my teeth and the leather straps
 crossing my chest and through my crotch, swirling through my mind.

 Fourth quarter brought an end to science classes with languages
 reduced to twice a week. Cooking class was one day a week, helping
 Chef in the cafeteria, learning how to prepare simple and more exotic
 dishes. Phys ed switched to mostly dance, Egyptian belly dancing, but
 not the kind the tourists see, a much more seductive and sensual form.
 Many forms of the temple dances from India and Thailand were taught,
 as well as some more modern dance moves. Sex ed with Mr Norton, who
 also sometimes brought guest speakers to the school was two and a half
 days per week. Current affairs was two afternoons, leaving me with
 lots of free time to do reading or extra studies, if I wanted to. I
 also had time for other entertainment too.

 One day I heard that some poor girl was getting the "table torture".
 After lunch I made my way to the trees behind the swimming pool. A
 girl was tied to the picnic table like I had been, her hands over her
 head and her long hair spilling off the end, touching the ground
 behind. Her feet were flat on the ends of the seats with her ankle
 bangles lashed tightly to the table legs. Three other girls were
 around the table, one lapping her exposed pussy, the other two each
 hungrily devouring a nipple. I stood and watched as the girl on the
 table writhed and thrashed, moaning loudly around the panty gag and
 rope between her teeth each time an orgasm washed over her.

 I went to the cafeteria and got her a bottle of apple juice. When I
 returned there were two girls sitting at the table, idly playing with
 her tits. I untied her gag and held her head up as she drank the
 juice. When she finished I massaged her legs and arms for a while, I
 knew where she was hurting. Then I asked her if she was all right. In
 a shaky voice she said she thought so. When I showed her the rolled up
 panties I was touched, when she meekly opened her mouth to accept the
 gag back, as I had done before. I kissed her lips before packing the
 panties in and tying the rope behind her head again. Then I rubbed her
 clit, the other two girls that were there licking her breasts, until
 she exploded in a delightful orgasm, pulling hard at her bonds while
 trying to kick with her legs.

 Later on, in the evening, I went back to the grove of trees to watch
 her being untied from the table by, I guessed, two of the girls who
 had tied her there. She looked drained and disheveled, but I saw the
 grin on her face and the sparkle in her eyes and knew she had enjoyed
 the session as much as I had when it had been my turn on the table.

 There was always sexual play amongst us girls at the school. I
 remember just before the end of my training I was in one of the larger
 rooms that had a big king size bed in it, with five other girls, just
 talking and fooling around a bit. One girl went out and came back with
 a long piece of thin chain and a small lock. She decided to hang the
 keys up on the light fixture on the ceiling so she boosted another
 girl up so she could reach and hook the keys on a screw on the light.
 Then she threaded one end of the chain through her left wrist bangle,
 then through her right ankle bangle, handing the end to another girl.
 She pulled the chain through her bangles the same way and handed it
 off to me. When the last girl had linked herself up, the two ends of
 the chain were connected with the lock.

 We all had a great time on that big bed, licking, sucking and banging
 our pussies together. We ended up all tangled in a tight ball of flesh,
 hair and chain. The chain would pull up tight between my bangles,
 drawing my hand close to my foot, or it would get wrapped around me.
 Once, it tangled around my neck, pulling my face tight into another
 girl's crotch. Someone was licking me down there while I did the same
 to the other girl. I knew that if you constrict the arteries in your
 neck an orgasm will be much stronger so I just went along with it. I
 held the chain where it was around my neck with my free hand so that I
 wouldn't get strangled too much and came so hard I almost blacked out,
 pulling some slack around my neck just before it was too late.

 A few of the girls had been aware of what I was doing so we all ended
 up trying it, two of us holding the chain around someone's neck while
 others brought them to a mind shattering orgasm. After a while some of
 us had to pee so we managed to untangle the chain enough that we could
 all walk to the bathroom and take turns sitting on the toilet. After
 that we decided we'd had enough so we tried to get the key down from
 the light. Try as we might we couldn't seem to be able to reach it.. We
 even tried to form a pyramid but the chain would pull up short,
 knocking us off balance, those on top landing on us at the bottom.

 There were other girls on the floor, sometimes looking into our room
 to watch our antics. We asked, then begged and pleaded for some help
 in getting the key down from the ceiling but everyone thought it was a
 great laugh, seeing the six of us all chained together like that.
 Finally two girls came in and, using a broom handle, lifted the keys
 off the light fixture, then promptly ran out of the room with them,
 leaving us stuck. It ended up that we had to spend the night all tied
 together, trying to sleep, but not having much success at it. Someone
 would move their arm or leg and the chain would rattle through the
 bangles waking most of us up. Then, horniness would set in and soon we
 would all be thrashing at each others pussies again. Then we would
 fall asleep, only to have the cycle repeat.

 It was late in the morning when, after much yelling by us, the girl
 who had stolen our keys peeked in the doorway and tossed them into the
 pile of our bodies on the bed. There was never any thought of
 retribution for what she had done. All of the pranks like that were
 done in fun, and we did have a nice time, all cuddled together on that
 big bed all night.

 Two weeks later, I was told that's it, I had completed my training
 period. I was to be sent to the company's offices on the outskirts of
 Bombay where they would find a compatible mate for me. Moving through
 the changes in your life is often hard and I felt a little sad to be
 leaving my teachers and friends at the school. I went around on that
 last day and thanked all the nice people who had helped me to become
 the woman I am.

 It was Jim who drove two other girls and myself to a nearby village on
 the river. There, us three beautiful and sensuous young ladies boarded
 a small boat for the ride down river, away from our isolated mountain
 school and to the bustle of a larger city. There, our guide escorted
 us through a busy market place, to the train station where we caught
 the train to Bombay.

   [end of part 2]

 Next week: Nissa meets her Master.

	     Dino Dave.







 NISSA'S STORY   Part 3/3   C/W 1999 Dino Dave

 The three of us were met at the train station in Bombay by a man from
 the trading company. The two girls with me were given instructions to
 go to the airport where tickets to Germany were ready for them. They
 were going to another of the North India Trading Company's buildings
 where the clients came to select their girls. I accompanied the man to
 his car for the drive to the building in Pune, the building that I was
 left at as a baby, on the outskirts of the city.

 When we arrived in the afternoon I was met by the receptionist in the
 lobby. She said that she was expecting me, and told me that I was a
 very beautiful young lady. She took me upstairs to my room and
 introduced me to Dora, the dorm mother, she said. The room was large
 with several beds scattered around, as well as other furnishings.
 There was a kitchen area along one wall. Dora gave me a piece of pie
 and a glass of milk from the fridge, then sat with me at the table.

 "This is to be your home for a while," she said to me. "We at the
 company want you to be happy during your time here. There will be
 outings to plays, movies, and other attractions in the city. If you
 want anything you only have to ask and we will try to arrange it. As
 you know, we will have potential customers come in from time to time,
 to look at you girls. You will all be taken to the presentation room
 downstairs, and you must be on your best behaviour during these
 showings. All the men are checked out beforehand so we know their true
 intent. This is done for your safety as well as our own. After a
 showing, the client may wish a private audience with one or more of
 you. Again, you must be willing to show him how well you have learned
 the lessons you have been given. We also provide a service here where
 a gentleman may have a date with one or more of you to attend a play
 or other function. We can provide a car and driver to ensure your
 safety. Afterwards you may be required to attend to the gentleman's
 special requests at his house or hotel room.

 "Your training has given you many ways to achieve sexual pleasure for
 your guest as well as for yourself. We would expect that you treat any
 men or women who request the company of one of you as a potential
 client. We charge a very high price for these dates if extra services
 are requested, to discourage those looking for just a quick lay. While
 you are here you are expected to maintain your sexual passions and we
 encourage you girls to enjoy each others charms. We also have males on
 staff who are fully aware of our rules and can make themselves
 available for your use.

 "We want you to get the most enjoyment during your time here since
 this will be your last period of freedom. After you are chosen by one
 of our customers you will then belong solely to that man. Your whole
 life up to this point has been to prepare you to manage with the total
 giving of yourself to the man who will make you his own. Many of our
 previous customers are kind and gentle men and, as I've said, the
 company does extensive background checks, but after you are given to
 your master, it will be him who will decide how you are to be treated.
 It will be up to you to use your beauty and skills to make sure he is
 to remain pleased with you."

 As Dora was finishing her introductory speech a group of five girls
 came up the stairs and into the room, all wearing the bangles like
 mine. I was introduced around as they gathered in the kitchen area,
 getting snacks and drinks from the fridge. Two of the girls were
 Chinese, Kim and Soo-Ling. Rita was from Portugal with jet black hair
 reaching almost to the floor, and deep black eyes. Salma was born in
 Tibet and grew up at the company's founding mission school in the
 north. Janine had blond hair and fair skin.

 Dora suggested that I get cleaned up from my trip and that we would be
 having dinner soon. I chose an empty bed near the window and unpacked
 my small bag, putting my things in a drawer nearby. Then I took a nice
 shower in the big bathroom next door. After that, all of us went
 downstairs to the cafeteria where a delicious meal was laid out for
 us. As we were eating, Dora came in and said that Rita had been chosen
 from the showing yesterday and was to have an interview with the
 client tomorrow.

 Rita was bubbling with happiness as we all congratulated her on being
 picked, and wished her good luck on the interview. Dora asked the two
 Chinese girls if they would mind showing me around the building after
 dinner, to which they replied they'd love to.

 After we had some dessert Kim and Soo-Ling took me around, starting
 with the top floor. There was a full beauty parlour in one big room
 where we would be done up to look our best for the showings. There
 were also some small apartments on this floor, for private pleasures I
 was told. The third floor was our dorm room and a small gym with
 exercise equipment. Second was mostly administration, with another
 apartment, quite large and richly furnished, for the interviews. First
 floor held the cafeteria. "There is a restaurant down the street that
 brings us special dishes from time to time." Kim told me. We peeked
 into the showing room but the administrators office was right next
 door and Soo-Ling said that we weren't suppose to go in there. "You'll
 see the room soon enough," she said, "there are showings at least
 twice a week here."

 The basement held the laundry room. "All our clothing needs are taken
 care of here." Kim said. "You will get some nice things to wear for
 outings and such. Clothing is pretty much optional in the dorm room."
 We walked down a hall to a glass door where a strange blue light shone
 through. Kim pulled open the door and flipped on the lights inside. I
 saw a long swimming pool along one side of the room. In the back
 corner, at the opposite end was a raised platform with plants around a
 big hot tub. The two Asian girls walked over to the tub, peeling off
 their dresses and tossing them at a bench along the way. I did the
 same. They took some hair pins from a table and wound their hair up on
 top of their head, pinning it in place. "You have to put up your hair
 or it might get tangled in the drain." Soo-Ling said.

 I pinned up my hair as Soo-Ling climbed up the three steps and lowered
 herself into the water. When Kim turned a dial on the wall a pump
 started with a soft hum, churning the water into a foamy sea. Kim and
 I then joined Soo-Ling in the water. There were seats under the
 surface with jets on either side that pumped the warm water around
 your back and sides. I relaxed into the seat, the spray from the
 nozzles soon lulling me into a trance like state.

 I felt a foot graze mine, then return to linger. I opened my eyes to
 see Soo-Ling smiling at me. I smiled back. She began to run her toes
 across mine and down the side of my foot. She slid her foot up my
 ankle, her toes finding my bangle and hooking it to pull my foot
 closer to her. Then she started to use both her feet to rub mine.

 Kim slid over to sit beside me and touched my arm. I raised it to let
 her snuggle close to me. Soo-Ling also moved closer, the sound of her
 ankle bangles clinking against mine could be faintly heard from under
 the bubbly water. She slid one of her feet up between my legs to rest
 the sole against my pussy so I did the same to her, feeling the silky
 fur against my toes. When I wriggled my toes against her she slid a
 little farther down the seat and taking hold of my bangle with her
 hands, pushed my foot down, her cunt lips opening to let my big toe
 enter her. Kim was tracing circles around my nipples with her fingers.
 Then she brought her head down closer to take a nipple into her mouth,
 licking it and biting gently.

 I turned my foot so I could get my big toe further into Soo-Ling,
 wriggling my other toes where I thought her clit was. When I felt her
 give a little jump I knew I had found the spot. I hooked my fingers
 through her bangle, holding her foot in place while I rocked my hips,
 sliding myself along the top of it. In a very short time Kim's
 attentions on my nipples combined with the pressure on my clit from
 Soo-Ling's soft, sexy foot caused me to have a major cum in that hot
 tub. My head fell back and I think I let out a long, loud moan when it
 hit. I felt Soo-Ling rise up a bit, then drop down, my slender foot
 sliding half way up inside her. I wriggled my toes again and she
 exploded in an orgasm of her own while I held Kim in a tight embrace.

 After Soo-Ling and myself had recovered enough it was Kim's turn. Soo-
 Ling got out of the water to sit on the edge behind her. She put her
 legs up over Kim's shoulders and used her hands and her feet to rub
 Kim's breasts. I got down in the water between her legs to use my
 hands to rub her thighs and pussy. As Kim was reaching her peak I
 dipped my head under the water to lick her, sucking her clit into my
 mouth and flicking my tongue across it. Those breathing lessons we had
 came in handy because I was under water for a good minute before I
 felt her start bucking against my face. I had to hold her thighs
 tightly to keep her clit in my mouth, the two of us making her cum
 last for at least another half minute longer.

 I released my hold on Kim's legs and came up for air. As I blinked the
 water from my eyes I saw Kim, in a state of near unconsciousness,
 slowly sliding off her seat and under the water. Soo-Ling held up her
 hand to me with a smile on her lips. By this time the timer on the
 pump had stopped and through the clear water we watched Kim's face go
 under the surface. Soo-Ling said "Wait for it.", then assumed a
 surprised look on her face, her eyes wide, as wide as a Chinese person
 can make them, and her mouth open. I took the hint and set my face the
 same way.

 I watched as some bubbles escaped from Kim's mouth, then her eyes
 popped open and she struggled to the surface. She coughed once, looked
 at me, then turned and looked at Soo-Ling. When she turned to me again
 I couldn't hold it any longer and burst out laughing, followed by Soo-
 Ling, and then Kim. Soo-Ling slipped back into the water and we all
 held each other in a tight embrace for a while before getting out and
 swimming some laps in the bigger pool.

 After we got dressed we went back up to our room. Dora was just
 gathering her things and heading home, saying good night as she left.
 The other girls were there, reading or watching the T.V. After I had
 dried my hair I sat and watched a few shows before bed time. A man had
 come into the room and I was told he was the night watchman. There was
 a small office near the door where he sat and he would be around most
 of the night if we needed anything. I saw that when one of us got into
 their bed they would lock themselves to it like we did at the training
 school. Soo-Ling used her lock to join her ankle bangles together with
 a chain from them to the bottom of the bed frame. I found two locks
 and chains to connect my hands and my feet to my bed. Then the lights
 were turned out and I quickly fell asleep, contented with my first day
 here.

 When morning came we were all unlocked from our beds and we wandered
 down for breakfast. I helped myself to some pancakes with fresh
 blueberries, a boiled egg, juice and coffee. We were told that there
 was going to be a showing that night and were given times to report to
 the beauty parlour upstairs. I was told to first see the metal smith
 to have my bangles cleaned. After I had eaten I went upstairs to see
 him.

 The metal smith's name was Tim. He was an older man with a warm smile
 who spent the next two hours cleaning and polishing my bangles. He
 said that the metal that the bangles were made from was too hard to
 get scratched, but there was some staining and a little corrosion on
 the inside from being in constant contact with my skin. He used a
 wooden clamp to grip each of my bangles, holding it with his feet
 while he cleaned my ankle bangles with fine sandpaper, clamping it to
 a table for the ones on my wrists. Then he wrapped some plastic around
 my wrists and ankles, under the bangles, and used some foul smelling
 paste on a cloth to bring out the mirror like finish again. When he
 had finished, they shone like when I had first received them. I
 noticed that they were smoother on the inside, sliding on my skin a
 little easier.

 I thanked Tim before going to the beauty parlour down the hall. Some
 of the other girls were there, being worked on by the staff. I
 stripped and was helped into a big bath tub full of warm, fragrant
 water. My head was eased into a grove at the end of the tub with my
 hair hanging down into a sink underneath. Then while one of the
 attendants scrubbed my body with a rough sponge another washed and
 rinsed my hair. A conditioner was rubbed into my hair and it was
 wrapped in a long towel and piled on top of my head. Then I stood
 while the attendant scrubbed my back with the sponge. After, I was led
 to a padded table and asked to lie down.

 Some scented oil was poured onto my skin and rubbed in by the skilled
 masseuse. The gentle smell from the oil combined with her talented
 hands felt wonderful to me. After some time, she asked me to roll over
 so she could do my front. She didn't miss an inch of my body. Finally
 I was taken to the shower where my hair was let down and I was washed
 again. I was patted dry with a big fluffy towel as someone dried my
 hair. My hair was trimmed a bit on the ends so it was a little fuller
 at the bottom while still retaining it's natural V shape. I got my
 finger and toe nails trimmed and polished, some rough bits of skin on
 my feet removed and some skin cream rubbed in.

 By the time I was done I was quite hungry so I dressed and went to the
 cafeteria for some lunch. There I found a big pot of delicious soup
 with sandwiches waiting for me. I helped myself to some food, then sat
 with some of the other girls there to eat and chat about the showing
 that was to take place in a couple hours. Rita had heard that it was a
 rich Arab oil sheik who was coming to look at us. She was to miss this
 showing to have her interview with the one who had chosen her the day
 before. Soon after, Dora came in to herd us upstairs for the final
 preparations.

 In the dorm room we were told to take off our clothes and if we wanted
 to sit, to use the soft towels under us, so there wouldn't be marks
 left on our skin. Our hair was brushed and brushed until it sparkled.
 Touches of make up were applied here and there to make us all look our
 best. Then we were escorted down the back stairs to the first floor
 and into the presentation room.

 I saw a narrow platform near the end of the room that curved in a semi
 circle. There were positions marked on the stage with little brass
 numbers screwed to the front. I saw that there were ten spots for up
 to ten girls at once. We were all positioned at a place on the stage
 by Dora. The blond haired Janine was in the middle with the two asians
 on each side of her. Salma and myself were on the ends. Dora and the
 attendant went around, parting our hair in back to place our hands
 there. Then our bangles were locked together with a silver coloured
 padlock. There were steel rings bolted to the floor of the platform at
 each position. Dora took a piece of chain, passing it through each of
 my ankle bangles to lock the ends to the ring in the floor. She said
 to spread my feet apart which I did, the chain pulling tight when they
 were each about eight inches from the ring. I watched as the others
 were locked to their place on the stage.

 There were spotlights over each place, one in front and one behind.
 These were turned on and the lights in the room went off. The lighting
 technician went around adjusting the lights and their brightness to
 best highlight each of us.. Stray bits of hair were brushed back, pussy
 hair was fluffed up and our stance was adjusted. When all was ready
 the attendant left the room, the tech and Dora sat down at the back of
 the room, and we waited, our heads slightly bowed, our eyes on the lip
 of the stage in front of us.

 After a few moments I heard the door at the end of the room open, the
 Arab and the head administrator entering. The administrator bid the
 man to go over to us with a small wave of his hand. We had been told
 to keep our eyes down, to only look up briefly when the man was
 directly in front of us. The man walked up to where I was standing and
 I looked up, his eyes meeting mine. He was tall, perhaps mid or late
 twenties with a sharply chiseled face and a big black moustache. He
 gave me a warm smile just before I returned my gaze to the floor. I
 sensed his eyes travelling over my body as he took in the beauty I had
 been told I possessed. In a while he moved to the next girl in line,
 Kim.

 When he had reached the last girl the Arab walked to the rear of the
 platform, and around the back, to then step up beside me. He gently
 took my chin to lift my head, looking at my face, deep into my eyes.
 His other hand moved slowly down my body, cupping and lifting my
 breasts, hefting their weight, before travelling lower, across my
 belly and then down, to graze between my legs with his fingertips. He
 moved his other hand to my back, gathering my hair up to hold it out
 of the way. Then he ran his hand down my arms, pausing at my bangles
 that held my hands behind me. He felt my back and my bum. He knelt to
 feel my thighs and down my legs. He arranged my hair back the way it
 was before, softly brushing the backs of his fingers across my cheek,
 then moved to the next girl.

 It was over half an hour before the man finished with the last girl,
 stepping off the stage to stand before us all. He gave each of us a
 long, last look before turning to walk to the back of the room. The
 head administrator stood to open the door and the two men left. When
 the door closed we all gave a sigh of relief, moving a little to
 release the tension that had built up. The hot spotlights were turned
 off and the ceiling lights came on. Then Dora called in the attendant,
 who had been waiting outside, and they began to unlock our hands and
 feet. Dora reminded us to be quiet until we were back upstairs.

 Back in the dorm room we dressed, then rested for a while before
 dinner. There was much speculation about the tall Arab gentleman, his
 stern features, yet the kind eyes and soft hands a paradox. He looked
 like he could be a firm and demanding master, yet the almost reverent
 way he had handled me at the showing reveled a much more tender
 nature. Janine said that she felt his hands tremble slightly when he
 knelt to place a soft kiss on the silky blond curls at her crotch.

 The discussions continued downstairs over dinner where Rita joined us
 upon finishing her interview with the client. I listened intently as
 she described her session with him.

 The man was from spain and Rita spoke spanish fluently so they got
 along great. His grandfather had owned a small gold mine there which
 he had inherited and now ran. The session had moved from the couch in
 the apartment to the bedroom, where he proved to be an excellent
 lover, making her cum over and over before finally pumping hard into
 her and blasting his seed deep inside. He had told Rita that she was a
 very lovely and talented lady and that, if she was willing, he would
 see the administrator immediately to work out the details so that they
 could be together.

 Rita's eyes were sparkling as she told us how nice the man had been.
 We all wished her the best, that the arrangements could be completed
 and she would be happy in her new life. We were still talking when the
 head administrator came into the cafeteria to sit with us.

 "First off," he started, "the arrangements with Mr.Francesco have been
 finalized. As soon as the bank transfers the fee in the morning, Rita,
 you will be leaving to start your life with him. Congratulations." He
 stood and shook her hand as she smiled and thanked him. "Secondly, the
 man from Saudi Arabia, Mr.Jaffit was quite impressed with you all at
 the presentation today. He has requested an interview with Janine, and
 Salma. The interviews will be tomorrow. Good luck." The administrator
 stood and left.

 Our noisy chattering resumed as we hugged Rita and the other two
 girls. Just like that, I thought. A man walks in here, becomes
 enchanted with one of us and off we go to begin the life we have been
 looking forward to for so long. That night as I slept, chained hand
 and foot to my bed, I had an erotic dream of an Arabian prince taking
 my naked and bound body by camel across the desert to a big tent. He
 lifted me from the camel to carry me inside where he lay me down on
 some soft rugs. The walls of the tent were covered with fine silk
 curtains and beautiful carpets. From behind one of the curtains, five
 gorgeous ladies emerged to kneel at the princes feet. Rachel, Lisa and
 Soo-Ling were among the girls, each having a short chain connected
 between their wrist bangles.

 I was told that I was now a part of his harem, that I would live the
 rest of my life here in this tent, serving the prince in whatever way
 he chooses. Another Arab man came in and removed the ropes from my
 wrists and ankles. Then he dragged me out the back of the tent, over
 to a brazier which was hot from a glowing fire inside. He wrapped my
 left wrist with some wet cloths, pushing my bangle over the top of
 them. Then he used some tongs to take a white hot piece of steel from
 the fire. I saw that it was a chain link that had been cut and opened
 a bit. The man hooked a short piece of heavy chain through the link,
 then took my arm to hook the hot link through my bangle. Quickly
 pulling my wrist over a big steel block he hammered the link closed,
 the blows fusing the ends of the link together in a splash of sparks.
 He then plunged my hand into a pail of water, cooling the metal before
 it could burn through the wet cloth that had protected my wrist.

 He repeated the procedure with my other bangle, fixing the chain to me
 forever. I was now only able to spread my hands apart just as wide as
 my body was. The man grabbed the middle of the chain to drag me back
 inside the tent. Inside, he pushed me against the pole in the middle,
 then used a stick to push the chain up, hooking it to a hook high up
 on the pole. There I was left, my arms pulled up over my head, to
 watch my new master and the other girls eat, play and have sex on the
 rugs and cushions nearby. I struggled, putting all my weight on the
 chain and my bangles, but I was stuck there, hanging on the pole in
 the middle of the tent.

 That was when I woke up, my body hot and sticky with sweat. I had slid
 down the bed, my feet hanging off the end and my hands high over my
 head, the chain pulling on them. I looked around as I moved back up
 the bed, seeing Kim on her bed nearby looking at me, a worried look on
 her face. I whispered that it was all right, just a bad dream.

 Details of the dream spun through my mind for some time before I was
 able to fall asleep again. The chain connecting the bangles on my
 wrists was a classic image from some picture or movie I had seen
 before, an Arabian harem girl or something like that. I had used a
 short chain when I had locked myself to the bed that night, so I
 wasn't able to reach my pussy to relieve the tension left from my
 dream. It hadn't been such a bad dream, I thought as I finally drifted
 off.

 The next day, while Salma and Janine were to have their interviews,
 the two Chinese girls and I were driven across town to see a movie.
 Since the two tough years at the training school, I had forgotten what
 it was like to just spend some time being entertained watching a
 movie, not having it as part of a course and analysing it afterwards.
 When we returned to the building we were introduced to a new arrival.
 Judy was tall, fair skinned and had long golden hair that hung to her
 knees.

 Salama told us of her interview with the Arab gentleman. She said he
 had told her of his home in the city, not a tent in the desert I was
 relieved to hear, and how pretty he thought she was. In the bedroom he
 was a kind and gentle lover. Both she and the Arab had been quite
 satisfied afterwards.

 A little later on Janine walked into the room to tell us of her
 interview. Mr.Jaffit had been totally enchanted with her blond hair
 and fair skin at the showing but, he told her, after much thought, he
 didn't think it would be right to take her to his country where her
 looks would draw undue attention, and perhaps even harsher criticism.
 He had stared long and lovingly at the fine light hair which hid none
 of the details of her pussy, drinking deep of her charms before ending
 the interview. It wasn't until late the following day when it was
 announced that Mr.Jaffit would be pleased to take Salma, if she would
 accept his offer.

 Next day saw another girl joined us, Sehani, who had been at the
 training school with me and had been allowed to spend a few days with
 her family in the village near the school. She had been entered into
 the program in a deal between her village and the trading company
 whereby a family with more daughters then they could support would
 give over one in exchange for assistance from the company, money that
 would buy tools and farm equipment that would benefit the whole
 village. The deal had been signed, so to speak, when she was five and
 the village chief forced the ankle bangles over her feet in a ceremony
 attended by her family and friends. At age ten the deal was sealed
 with her acceptance of the wrist bangles.

 The day after, two more girls were admitted, bringing the total to
 eight lovely young ladies living at the building. Seeta was from the
 southern part of India and Judith was a tall, muscular girl from
 Australia. Judith's mother had become pregnant at a young age and,
 unable to care for her, had given up the baby girl for adoption. The
 trading company had a school in Perth, where Judith's beauty and
 intelligence enabled her to be entered into our special program.

 That day there was to be another showing, a very wealthy man from
 Japan was coming to see us. We were all sent up to the beauty parlour
 before the showing and made to look our best. The time for the showing
 was delayed for some reason until after dinner, so we had some time to
 kill when we had finished our beauty treatments. I and the two girls
 who had come that day were the last appointments. When we entered the
 dorm room the other five girls were in the far corner of the room, on
 some mats on the floor, all hungrily devouring each other's pussies.

 Sehani and the two blond girls had locked each of their wrist
 bracelets to the other girl's and were in a pile, faces and hands
 busy. Kim and Soo-Ling had locked one of their hands to the other
 girl's foot, each with their face between the others thighs. The two
 new girls and I watched for a while until I found a chain, about eight
 feet long, and threaded it through all twelve of our bangles before
 locking the ends together, joining us closely.

 It wasn't long before Seeta, Judith and I became tangled up in
 ourselves with the chain through our bangles pulling us closer and
 closer together until we could hardly move. The other three girls
 stood up and moved over to us, then kelt down, enclosing us in their
 circle. Kim and Soo-Ling joined in to create a huge pile of naked girl
 flesh, writhing against each other. One of us would cry out as an
 orgasm took hold of her, sending tremors through us all, triggering an
 orgasm in someone else.

 I guess word of our antics had passed around the building because some
 of the staff had gathered in our room to watch the show we were
 putting on. Occasionally someone would get up to lend a hand
 untangling hair or arms and legs, wiping a face, or offering a drink
 while we continued the session. A mouth had found one of my nipples,
 sucking long and hard at it. I had my fingers in a pussy, stroking the
 wet slit while someone's hand was busy in mine. Seeta's face was
 pressed to mine, our mouths and tongues together in a kiss. Her long
 hair was wrapped around both our heads, further binding us together.

 Finally our fun came to an end as we were disentangled from one
 another, unlocked, and told to get ready for the showing. We all had a
 quick shower and some food was delivered up to our room. We had time
 for a short rest while the attendants brushed out our hair and got us
 ready. Seeta's hair was truly amazing. It was thick and black, hanging
 to the floor and a good two feet across it. It seemed to shine with an
 inner light after the attendant had finished brushing it out, Seeta
 standing up on a chair so the full length of it could be worked on.
 She had to gather it up in her arms when she walked.

 It was eight that evening before we were led to the presentation room
 and chained at our spots on the stage. The man who saw us looked
 young, mid twenties I guessed, and wore a nice looking light gray
 suit. It wasn't until lunch the next day that we learned the results
 of the showing. The head administrator said that I, along with Seeta,
 Soo-Ling and Judy were to have an interview with the man. He explained
 that the client was very wealthy and was so taken by us all that he
 wished to have, perhaps, two of us to come and live with him.

 The interviews were scheduled for the next day, starting at noon. The
 four of us had a session at the beauty parlour in the morning where we
 were bathed and our hair was washed. Skin cream was rubbed in all over
 our bodies during a very nice, relaxing massage. It was late afternoon
 before my turn for the interview came. I went naked, downstairs to the
 apartment, and knocked on the door before entering. I went to the
 couch where the man was sitting and, kneeling beside it as I had been
 told to do, I waited for him to make the first move.

 His name was Kam Fong and he was quite handsome looking. After a few
 minutes he told me to sit on the couch beside him. He asked me a few
 questions about my schooling, my life, and I answered. He told me a
 little about himself and life in Hong Kong. After a while he stood and
 we went into the bedroom.

 I have always liked the man to take me, even roughly, to be forceful
 in making love to me. In London, Steve had been like that. Even with
 Lisa, it was her who made the first moves. Mr.Fong had lay on the bed
 and waited for me to initiate the session, something that I had never
 really been able to do. While our time together was nice, we both knew
 that we would not be right for each other. He told me that I was a
 very beautiful girl, but that he didn't want to dominate someone, he
 wanted someone who could share his passions in life, someone who felt
 more his equal. He was very kind when he wished me good luck in
 finding the man who would make me happy.

 Mr.Fong and Judy conducted the first part of their interview at the
 restaurant down the street. I learned from Judy, when her interview
 was finished, that her personality was the opposite from mine, being
 more of the dominant in the bedroom. She felt that she had perhaps
 come on too strong for the Asian's liking. Soo-Ling said that she
 thought she had a good chance since her interview had left both of
 them quite pleased with each other.

 We learned later that evening that Mr.Fong had indeed decided to take
 two of us, Soo-Ling and Seeta were the lucky ones. That night, after a
 big party in the dorm room, the two chosen girls shared the big bed in
 the corner, one of their wrist bangles and one of their ankle bangles
 locked to each other's to signify their union in their new life.

 Over the next couple weeks girls came to the building, and girls were
 chosen and left with their new mates, while it seemed that I was left
 behind. Although I was often picked at the showings, my perfect body
 and beauty making me hard to resist I was told, when my interview came
 I could usually tell right off that the client wasn't interested in a
 girl as submissive as I. The men that I met were generally rich and
 powerful men who were looking for a partner that could compliment
 themselves during their business and social lives. After my first
 interview with Kam Fong, Dora told me not to compromise myself during
 an interview, to always be the person I am. "You will not be happy if
 you try to change yourself to fit in with the client," she had said.
 "You must be yourself, and in time the right person will come along."

 So I was myself during my interviews, yet time and time again I was
 either passed over or I had to decline an offer because I knew the
 client wasn't right for me. Dora had said that I knew the type of man
 that could give me what I needed and it was important we all be sure
 that the match is as close as possible, to bring success to the
 relationship. "People don't change," she said. "If you think that the
 man will learn to give you the kind of excitement you crave, it won't
 happen, and neither of you will achieve the kind of pleasures that you
 have learned are possible to have."

 A week later, and two more failed interviews I was starting to feel
 pretty low. Dora explained that the clients are shown a brief synopsis
 of our personalities before each showing. They know what each of us
 wants and needs in a relationship beforehand. "These descriptions are
 based on your two years at the training school, your interests and the
 sexual sessions you had. Also, experiences you had before the training
 school. Our clients haven't the skills you have in sexual matters.
 Often, they don't understand the needs or the drive of one such as
 yourself. They see your radiant beauty up on the stage and they desire
 you, yet, as you have found out, they are unwilling to master you as
 your personality demands they do. Be patient, Nissa.  Your prince
 shall come."

 It was a couple of days later that I was told a man had requested me
 to go on a date with him. Dora told me the man would come by that
 evening and I was to accompany him to see a play at a fashionable
 theatre in the city. Afterwards, I would be expected to go with him to
 his hotel room, perhaps to spend the weekend in his company.

 "The man's name is Phil Brandon, and he is known to us, so you need
 not fear for your safety." Dora said. "I know you have been feeling a
 little glum lately but I'm sure you will have a nice time with him."

 After lunch I was sent up to the beauty parlour for a bath and to have
 my hair done. My hair was partially pinned up on top of my head with a
 part braided and left to hang down my back. I had a little make up
 applied, then I was given some nice clothes to put on. The dress was
 black, cut low in front to show plenty of cleavage, floor length with
 a slit up one side to just below my hip. Sequins sparkled on the front
 outlining the shape of a butterfly. I slipped my feet into the shoes,
 three inch heels with thin straps over my foot and around my ankle. My
 spirits were lifted when I looked at myself in the mirror. I was
 served a light supper in the cafeteria as some of the other girls
 gathered around, telling me how great I looked. Then I went down to
 wait for my date in the lobby of the building.

 The clothes that I had been given were starting to have an effect on
 me. Under the dress I was wearing a black lace bra that was so light I
 barely felt it, yet it held my firm breasts in a loving embrace,
 highlighting them to perfection. The matching silk panties and the
 garter holding up black silk stockings completed the ensemble. I had
 seen the flash of my ankle bangles through the slit in the dress as I
 had strutted in front of the mirror upstairs, the bright metal over
 the darkness of the stockings winking with every step I took. I put on
 the gloves, rolling them up to my elbows under my bracelets as I
 waited. The receptionist at the front desk smiled at me and I smiled
 back, beginning to feel much better about myself.

 After a while I saw a car drive up to the front of the building and
 park. I watched a tall man get out and walk up the steps. The
 receptionist stood up when he came in, walking over to introduce us.
 I had a small bag with a change of clothes in it which he picked up,
 then he took my arm and we went to the car where he opened the door
 for me. He put my bag in the trunk before getting in the other side.
 He started the car and told me that we would be picking up another
 couple, friends of his, before heading for the theatre.

 Mr.Brandon looked to be around early thirties in age, slim build and
 quite handsome. He would glance at me sitting beside him, and smile
 warmly as he drove, once brushing the backs of his fingers up my arm,
 telling me how nice I looked. We stopped at a hotel in the city where
 he told me to wait in the car while he went inside to find the other
 couple. He soon returned, introducing his friends as Sue and Peter as
 they climbed into the back seat. We made small talk during the ride to
 the theatre and I noticed a slight unease in Sue, the other woman in
 the car. Sue and Peter, they told me, had been married for nearly
 seventeen years now. Peter worked as an investment counsellor for some
 very wealthy clients. Phil Brandon said he owned an import export
 business dealing mainly with electronic communication systems. Sue
 said she didn't work, just kept house for Peter.

 When we arrived at the theatre an attendant held the door open for us
 ladies. I saw many people there with beautiful clothes on, standing
 outside or going into the theatre. The building was old but had been
 beautifully restored to it's former glory, the craftsmanship of old
 highlighted by subtle modern touches. Phil led our group straight in,
 finding our seats down near the front of the stage. The play was a
 comedy, uproariously funny, the talented actors having the audience in
 tears before the end of the first act. The ambience of the place
 brought back fond memories of the plays and dances I was a part of as
 a young girl back in Banglore, the actors working hard to an
 appreciative audience.

 After the play was finished the three of us waited outside while Phil
 brought the car around. Then we drove to a quiet restaurant for
 something to eat. Our conversations continued through the meal and,
 although I wasn't trying to impress, I was able to add to the things
 that were being discussed. I noticed Mr.Brandon seemed appreciative of
 my additions to the talk around our table. I had removed my gloves for
 the meal, carefully rolling them to put them in the little purse I
 had. Several times I noticed Sue looking at the bangles around my
 wrists. I brought my feet together once, letting the ones there clink
 together, just to see her reaction. I thought I saw that she would
 look at Peter, almost as if she was asking his permission if she could
 reach out to touch me. No, I thought, I was just imagining that.

 After dinner we all got into the car again, the two men in front and
 Sue and I in the back seat. It was during the ride back that she did
 reach over to take one of my bangles in her fingers, turning it on my
 wrist, feeling it's weight. She said that they were nice and asked
 where I had got them. As I began telling the story, Peter turned to
 look back at me. "I have had the ones on my ankles for fifteen years
 now," I began, "these," holding up my hands, "for ten. They are a
 carbide steel alloy, hardened to resist scratching, and after my hands
 and feet grew bigger I haven't been able to take them off." I could
 barely suppress a giggle as Peter's jaw had actually dropped after
 that last statement. "They are rather nice, don't you think?" I added.

 They were nice, it was agreed. We drove the rest of the way in
 silence, Peter and Sue seemingly lost in dream land. At their hotel
 Mr.Brandon said he would call them tomorrow and we would get together
 again. They said it was nice to meet me. As Peter shook my hand his
 fingers found my bangle, touching it as if to verify the reality of
 it, before I got in the front seat and we drove off. Phil took my hand
 as we drove, telling me that he thought I had made a favourable
 impression on his friends, and on him too. His finger stroked across
 my bangle. I brought my other hand over, shifting my feet at the same
 time. I placed my hand over his, my wrist bangles clinking together a
 second after the ones on my feet did. That sound always sends a tingle
 up my spine and I saw it have a similar effect on Phil, the vehicle
 swerving slightly as he fought his emotions. He looked at me warmly.
 "Nearly there." he said.

 His hotel was outside of the city, beside a small lake. We drove
 around the main building and along a road leading to some small cabins
 along the shore line. He stopped at the last cabin on the road,
 turning off the motor and getting out to open my door for me. He
 pulled my bag from the trunk and we walked to the cabin. The inside
 was nice, big windows looking out over the blackness of the lake. Phil
 switched on the light and closed the curtains, pointing out the
 bathroom if I wanted to change. Phil was fixing some drinks at the
 counter as I pulled the gown over my head and lay it across a chair in
 the corner. I turned as he was walking towards me, the drinks in his
 hands. He stopped to devour me with his eyes as I stood in the sexy
 under things I had on. Then he put down the glasses to take me in his
 arms, holding my body close while his lips found mine.

 It was several minutes before he broke the embrace to hand me a glass
 and begin taking off his suit. I sat on the bed to take off my shoes
 and stockings, looking up once or twice to see if that was what he
 wanted me to do. He just smiled at me and soon we were both naked,
 laying together on the bed. We cuddled and touched for a while before
 he said that something was missing. Mr.Brandon got up and went to his
 suitcase by the window. He reached in and pulled out a set of
 handcuffs, holding them up so I could see. They gleamed in the dim
 light of the room. I felt a grin spread across my lips as he came back
 to the bed. He had me roll over onto my stomach to hook one cuff
 through my two wrist bangles behind my back. The ratatat of the cuff
 locking down on my bangles loud, in the quiet room. He brought my legs
 up to connect my ankle bangles together with the other cuff. Then he
 sat back to watch my reaction.

 When Phil had reached into his suitcase and I saw the handcuffs in his
 hand the familiar heat had started in the pit of my stomach, quickly
 spreading through out my body. When he asked me to roll over I did so,
 placing my hands behind me. I had known about handcuffs, that they
 could be used on wrists and on ankles, but with the bangles we all
 wore they were not as useful with us, the noise from our bangles
 clanking against them more of a distraction than anything. Phil's use
 of them to connect my bangles together was a novel idea, something
 that had surprised me. When he lifted my feet and I felt him hook the
 other cuff to my ankle bangles I had closed my eyes, reveling in the
 feelings as my feet were drawn together, the clicking of the cuff
 closing sending shivers up my back.

 I lay on my stomach, twisting my wrists inside my bangles, loosing
 myself in the sensations of this new turn of events. I could reach out
 with my fingers along the short chain to the cuff through my ankle
 bangles, holding my feet so closely to my hands. I pushed on the tops
 of my feet, pressing them into my ass and rubbing them across it. I
 let go of my feet to let them spring up, the chain snapping tight and
 all of my bangles digging into me. I rolled over onto my side, opening
 my eyes to see Mr.Brandon sitting on the bed, watching me. I caught
 sight of my nipples, hard berries sticking straight out from the ends
 of my tits. Mr.Brandon's cock was at half mast, twitching slightly
 while his eyes roved over me.. I inched my way closer to him, bringing
 up my knee to rub it across his hip. He finally began to touch me
 then, bringing one hand to my breasts, the other to rub up and down my
 thigh.

 I crossed my ankles and parted my thighs when I felt his hand press
 between them. I was, by this time, so wet down there. He drew his
 finger through the slit, feeling the slickness there and smiled at me.
 His other hand continued to torment my nipples, super sensitive now
 from his rubbing and gentle pinching of them. Bound as I was, there
 was nothing I could do except lay there and enjoy his hands as they
 brought me to the peak of ecstasy. I wanted to feel his cock, standing
 proudly in his lap, so close yet so far from my limited reach. I was
 bucking my hips against his hand now, letting out a low moan each time
 he would twist a nipple or pinch a little harder. Suddenly all the
 sensations stopped. I clamped my thighs tight on the hand that wasn't
 there now.

 I looked to see Mr. Brandon getting the keys to the handcuffs. This
 can't be ending now, I thought as he bent over me to unlock my hands.
 He pushed me onto my back, then pulled on the handcuff, drawing my
 feet up, to connect my wrists again in front of me this time. I saw
 him toss the keys in the air, followed their arc as they landed in his
 open suitcase on the other side of his room. He got on his knees
 before me, spreading his legs wide and moving closer, his knees on
 each side of my hips. He bent down, crushing my feet and hands tightly
 against me, to lock his mouth to mine in a long and passionate kiss. I
 could feel his throbbing cock pressing against me and I used my
 fingers to push it down slightly, guiding it into me.

 Phil gave a little gasp as his cock slid into my wet pussy and he
 raised himself up off me. He started rocking his hips, driving in
 deeper with each thrust. He lifted my legs straight up, my hands
 following my feet, and wrapped his arm around my thighs to pull us
 closer together. His other hand found the chain between the handcuffs,
 gripping it tightly, pulling up slightly to keep tension on my arms.
 More urgent, more forceful, his thrusting was becoming. I saw him, his
 eyes closed tightly, bring his face around the side of my foot and
 take the bangle between his teeth, his tongue snaking around it, then
 reaching out to lick my ankle underneath it.

 I lost it then when I saw my bangle clamped between his teeth and felt
 him licking my ankle. I began to cum like a train wreck, harder and
 longer then I thought I ever had. Mr.Brandon pulled the cuffs closer
 to him, raising me up a little to drive himself harder into me, then
 shook, as he released his cum deep inside me. He pulled back once or
 twice, then slammed back into me as wave after wave of pleasure
 flooded through us both. After what seemed like a long time he
 released his grip on the chain and my legs to let us both slump back
 and come down from that incredible rush.

 Phil stretched out beside me and I rolled over onto my side, facing
 away from him so he could snuggle close to my body. Soon a big pool of
 sticky wetness had formed on the bed between us which Phil wiped up
 with his under shorts retrieved from the floor. We lay together for a
 while as he toyed with my hands, my bangles still locked to my feet
 with the handcuffs. I could feel him pressed close to me, getting hard
 again. Phil reached down to place his cock at my opening, then pushing
 himself slowly in. The handcuffs which held my feet up and my hands
 between my legs were in between Phil's knees, clamped tightly there,
 keeping me unable to move. Slowly he began moving in and out of me,
 the sweet sensations building once more to the creciendo of another
 crashing orgasm in us both.

 It was later on, after we had lain together for a while enjoying the
 after effects of our lovemaking, that Phil released the cuffs from my
 bangles to let me go clean up a little. We then sat at the table
 overlooking the inky blackness of the lake, sipping glasses of a sweet
 tasting liqueur before retiring to the bed for the night. Phil asked
 if he could put the cuffs on me for the night but I said that they
 would rattle a lot and keep us awake. I dug in the bottom of my purse
 and found two small brass padlocks, the ones that Lisa had bought for
 me and I had brought along. Phil put the keys on the table, then
 locked the bangles on my hands and on my feet together. He cuddled
 close to me as we slept on the bed that night in the quiet cabin by
 the lake.

 The next morning Phil awakened me with a smile and unlocked the locks
 holding my hands and feet. He asked me to take a shower while he
 ordered us some breakfast. My shower finished, I heard room service
 knock and Mr.Brandon let him in while I was brushing out my hair.
 When I heard the man leave I opened the bathroom door to go to the
 table near the window where Phil was setting out the food. I was
 wearing nothing but my bangles and a smile when I sat down, a fact
 that didn't go unnoticed by Mr.Brandon. We sat at the table eating,
 watching little boats out on the lake. Phil told me that some friends
 of his were hosting a party that night that I might like to go to. He
 said that I would fit in well with the type of crowd that would be
 there. Peter and Sue would be there, and he would like me to accompany
 him.

 I, of course, said that I would be pleased to attend the party with
 him so he said we would have to go shopping for an outfit for me as it
 was a kind of costume party. While we sat at the table Mr.Brandon told
 me a little about himself. The business he owned was located in
 California, in the San Joaquin valley where he lived, with branches in
 Taiwan, China and Thailand. He travelled once a year to visit the
 other offices and factories where most of the components were
 produced. He was not married, having not yet found a girl who could
 enjoy the kind of lifestyle he liked. The business had taken a lot of
 his time before, but now it was secure enough that he could take more
 time for himself, to enjoy life a little more.

 He told me that he had joined with a group of people in California
 that shared the kinds of erotic pleasures that he was interested in.
 "You seemed comfortable with the situation I placed you in last night,
 Nissa, when we were making love. I was pleased how well you handled
 it. This party tonight is being hosted by someone from the group, now
 living here in India. It is a fetish party where couples can come to
 act out fantasies in a safe and accepting environment. I hope that you
 still want to go."

 I told Mr.Brandon that I would very much like him to take me to the
 party. We put on some clothes and went out to the car to go and get
 some things for me to wear that night. Phil drove into the city,
 stopping at a big open market. We walked around looking at the clothes
 and jewelry that was for sale. There were a few stalls selling leather
 goods and at one booth the man had some rather interesting things. I
 picked up a kind of vest thing that was made from black leather straps
 and silver buckles. I held it up to me as Phil looked on, a smile
 spreading across his lips.

 Phil walked me to the back of the vendor's stall where there was a
 curtain strung up for people to try on the clothes. He helped me to
 put on the vest, more of a harness really. The leather straps were
 about an inch wide and quite soft against my skin. There were buckles
 and rings everywhere.. It took us a while to figure out how it went,
 but after everything was adjusted and tightened the effect the garment
 had was astounding. Two large silver rings, similar to my bangles,
 went over and around my breasts. There were patches made from woven
 leather strips that fit on these rings to cover my breasts. Phil said
 that I had to have it and I agreed, the sight of the soft leather
 straps crossing my chest and down my back with the gleaming buckles
 was having an effect on the both of us.. We found a short, soft, black
 leather skirt that went nicely with the vest and Mr.Brandon paid the
 man, thanking him for having such fine merchandise.

 At another stall Phil bought me a silver chain for around my neck and
 another that fit around my waist. I had, besides the heels, a pair of
 open sandals which I now wore and I asked if they would be all right
 but he said that I wouldn't need shoes for this party. He found a
 simple white cotton wrap dress that would serve to cover my outfit
 until we reached the party. Then we stopped at a vendor for some
 lunch. Mr.Brandon asked me to order the food since he admitted he
 didn't really know what everything was. I asked him if he liked hot
 and spicy and we settled on a mix of several things that the booth
 served.

 We sat in a nearby park to eat, the food fresh and delicious. Then we
 returned to the car to drive back to the hotel room. We both were
 eager to have me model the outfit so I stripped and Phil helped me
 into the vest, adjusting and tightening the straps until it hugged me
 wonderfully. The skirt had what seemed like extra strong loops where
 the belt went through and we discovered that my bracelets could be
 attached with the two locks that I had brought. We also found out that
 the webbed parts that fastened to the rings around my breasts had
 snaps so they could be removed, leaving the fronts of my tits exposed.

 All this time Mr.Brandon's pants were becoming increasingly tight on
 him so he helped me out of the skirt, leaving my harness in place,
 then pushed me down on the bed and made frantic love to me.

 You must have noticed by now that I am having trouble whether I should
 be calling Phil Brandon as Phil or Mr.Brandon. There were several
 times he had confused me when he would ask me if I wanted something or
 if I felt O.K with something. Then there were other times, like now,
 he pushed me down on the bed, quickly stripped off his pants, then got
 on top of me to push himself forcefully into me and slammed himself
 into me until we both came together in a great flood of released
 emotion. During the shopping trip I had known he would love to see me
 in the harness as soon as I laid eyes on it, yet he had asked me
 several times if I liked it, would I feel comfortable wearing it to
 the party. The silver chains I now wore around my neck and waist he
 had picked off a table, clipped them on me right there, and paid the
 vendor without asking me anything.

 That is what I needed, what I want. To have decisions made for me, and
 to have a trust that those decisions won't cause me too much
 unhappiness or bring some harm to me. More and more I began to hope
 that Phil, Mr.Brandon would be the man to take me and give me the life
 I had been wishing for for so long.

 After our lovemaking much of the urgency had been satisfied and we
 relaxed for a few hours before getting ready for the party. I wore the
 white gown over the black leather skirt and vest, some of the straps
 and the metal rings around my breasts just barely visible at the vee
 neck of the dress. Again Phil gave me a choice, to keep the webbed
 coverings on my breasts or leave them here in the room. I finally just
 said to him "You decide."

 He lifted my gown up and I held it for him as he undid the snaps that
 held the coverings to the rings. Before I dropped the dress down he
 undid the chain around my waist to then put it over top of the gown,
 drawing the material around my waist, accenting my figure and adding
 to the overall look. He put the two coverings in his suitcase, then
 phoned Peter at his hotel. I heard him say we would go out for some
 supper before swinging by to pick them up around eight or so.

 As I followed Phil out to the car I started to notice that with the
 rings around my breasts pushing them out and up, and without the
 webbed coverings on, my nipples were rubbing on the front of the dress
 I had on. When we were seated in the car he looked at me, letting his
 gaze drop to my chest. I saw him looking at my nipples which had
 become two stiff points, pushing at the front of my gown. He gave me a
 grin and with what I could only describe as a low, sadistic chuckle,
 he started the car and we were off.

 I am sure that Phil chose the bumpiest route to the night club where
 we had supper, my breasts bouncing in the confining vest, rubbing my
 nipples against the cotton gown. I nearly came from the stimulation
 before we got there. When I got out of the car he put his arm around
 me and, noticing the flush on my face and chest, I'm sure, whispered
 in my ear, "Not yet, my pet. The night is young."

 My pet. Interesting choice of words, I thought, as we entered the club
 and found a table in the back. The night club was about half full with
 people eating or dancing on the big dance floor a few steps down from
 the tables around it. I noticed the waiter as he took our order
 looking down the front of my dress after seeing the shiny rings around
 my breasts peeking out the top. Mr.Brandon caught him looking too but
 said nothing, just grinned at me. I shifted on my seat, asking the
 waiter about something on the menu, giving him a better look down my
 dress. I heard Phil give a short laugh when he realised what I was
 doing.

 While waiting for the food we danced for a few songs, Phil holding me
 tightly against him. I could feel his hands on my back, under my hair,
 tracing the straps of the harness and feeling the chain around my
 waist. My nipples were still under torment, the steel rings gripping
 around my breasts holding them up, making them stick straight out. I
 knew that he knew what was going on under the front of my gown, his
 warm smiles telling me that he was enjoying watching me deal with it.

 When we saw the food arrive we went back to the table. Phil had asked
 me to choose the meal, something light he said as there would be
 snacks served at the party later. They had, what I thought was the
 best tandoori chicken I had ever tasted. With a bean curry and a fresh
 salad the meal was quite pleasing, he told me. We sat and talked
 after, the ever attentive waiter filling the teapot or asking if we
 wanted anything else. Finally it was time to go. Phil drove us to the
 hotel to pick up his friends.

 Sue was wearing a short coat when she got into the car. I had read
 about parties like the one we were going to but I really had no idea
 what was going to happen there. We arrived at the house, an old
 mansion along a winding road. The house was behind a stone wall with
 big iron gates at the front, and up on a slight hill. Phil parked
 where an attendant showed him and we all got out. I watched as Sue
 took off her jacket and put it in the car. She was wearing a french
 maid's costume complete with the little lace hat which she pinned on
 top of her head. When she turned to put the coat in the car I saw the
 back of the outfit wasn't there. The garters holding her stockings
 framed her naked bum. From the garter at her waist on up, her back was
 bare. I looked at Mr.Brandon who gave me a little nod.

 After undoing the chain around my waist I gathered up the hem of my
 gown and pulled it up over my head. Peter was left speechless. Sue
 said she liked my outfit and asked where I got it. As I clipped the
 silver chain back around my bare waist I told her of our finding it in
 the market this morning. I put the gown in the car and kicked off my
 sandals, leaving them there too. As we walked along to the house I
 could only have faith in Phil, that the spectacle I was presenting
 would be acceptable for this party.  When we got to the front door,
 and then inside, my worries were put to rest as I saw people in more
 bizarre costumes than mine or Sue's.

 Not just the women there, but men too were wearing strange things. I
 saw a few men, some even on hands and knees, naked except for shackles
 and collars, being led by leashes by their mistresses. The bartender
 had a heavy metal band around his hips with a piece down between his
 legs and up the back, his cock and balls securely locked away. Phil
 and Peter got us drinks, then we went around the big house, talking
 with people and seeing ever more unusual things. I was introduced to
 the host, a big hairy man named Carl, and his partner, another big
 hairy man. Bears, I was told, a nickname for big gay men with a lot of
 body hair. They both wore leather outfits, shorts with a harness
 similar to the one I had on, except for the rings that encircled my
 breasts. Carl twirled me around to get the full effect, enchanted with
 my long hair and also the bangles I wore. Phil saved me from further
 gropings by Carl when he pulled me away to get us more drinks.

 The house was a maze of huge ballrooms and dining halls, with many
 small, cozily furnished rooms where people had gathered to chat or
 make out. In one of the big rooms a live band played while the guests
 danced and mingled. The group was very good, a nice mix of old rock
 and roll combined with slow love songs. A couple of other local girls
 and myself were organised to do, what turned out to be a quite erotic
 and sensuous dance while a couple from the band and another man
 accompanied us. The other two had training in the temple dances of the
 south and after a brief run through we took the stage and managed to
 do quite well, dispite the spontaneity of it and our rather bizarre
 costumes. Phil said that I danced well and everyone had enjoyed the
 show we had put on.

 I hadn't seen Peter or Sue for some time now. It was early morning
 before we found them again. On the top floor was a room with seating
 like in a theatre. Phil and I went in. Up on the stage at the end was
 a kind of platform. The room was dark except for one spotlight
 highlighting an apparatus on the platform and the woman strapped to
 it. She let out a scream as the man behind brought a thin stick down
 on her naked bum. The woman was Sue, and the man beating her was
 Peter.

 Phil and I stood in back watching the show his friends were putting
 on. The room was full of people, silently watching. The crack of the
 thin stick loud, Sue's yell louder in the room. I noticed Phil
 glancing at me from time to time, trying to gauge my reaction to the
 scene on the stage. He must have, I thought, noticed my exposed
 nipples had gotten hard as stones again. If he had put his hand on my
 pussy he would have felt the wetness gathering there, since I had no
 panties under the short skirt I was wearing.

 A final swish, crack, and Sue was left sobbing on the apparatus, her
 session over. Peter and another man loosened the ropes and buckles
 which held her, then Peter helped her off the stage to a hearty round
 of applause from the audience. There was a pause in the action. I
 looked at Phil. He stared intently at me. He took my hand and started
 to lead me down to the front of the room.

 My excitement built as we passed the people sitting there, waiting for
 the next act. It was me who would be that next act. The man on the
 stage noticed us moving closer and brightened, speaking into a
 microphone to introduce us. I stepped up onto the stage ahead of Phil,
 walking calmly up to the M.C. He asked me my name and held the mic to
 me as I said "Nissa." I heard, as in a dream, the applause and a few
 appreciative whistles. The man led me to the platform.

 On the platform was a narrow padded bench held up by an A shaped frame
 at each end. At the base of the legs on one end were two leather pads,
 for me to kneel on. Further back from the pads was a board with two
 holes that were padded inside, for my ankles. The top half of that
 board was lifted off it's pegs. Phil told me to take off my skirt. I
 undid the belt and let my skirt drop to the floor, then stepped up and
 knelt on the pads. The top part of the apparatus came to just below my
 waist.

 My ankles were positioned in the holes in the board and the top piece
 was pushed down over them. I looked back as I heard the catches snap
 closed, locking my feet in place, leaving them hanging at the edge of
 the platform. The man handed two straps to Phil and they buckled them
 around my thighs and the legs of the bench, one near my knee and one
 higher up, near my crotch.. I lay down along the bench. It narrowed
 where my breasts went, supporting my chest but comfortable between, my
 breasts and the metal rings around them hanging free on each side. The
 end of the bench split in two to support my head but not to press on
 my face. I watched as the leather wrist cuffs were unlocked, my
 bangles used instead by simply locking them to the ring bolts on the
 legs of the frame near the floor. My hair was gathered up and let fall
 on the side of my head away from the audience. Another wide strap was
 buckled around my body, under my armpits to further hold me down on
 the bench.

 Mr.Brandon knelt in front of my bound body. I could sense the
 excitement in him, in myself, in everyone in the room. He asked me in
 a low voice how I wanted it.

 "I can make this easy, we can put on a good show," he said to me in a
 hushed whisper, "or we can get more serious about it, as serious as
 you want. It is up to you."

 I looked up at his face. "Please, just don't leave any permanent
 marks." I said.

 After a moment he said, "This is going to hurt."

 "I expect it will." I replied.

 I watched a tender look of pride come over his face as he reached out
 to stroke my cheek. The master of ceremonies, who was standing nearby
 and had heard our exchange asked me if I wanted a gag.

 A gag? "Yes please." I heard myself say.

 The man went to a table in the darkened rear of the stage, returning
 with a red rubber ball gag that he pushed into my mouth behind my
 teeth and buckled the strap at the back of my neck. He bent to me and
 said, so Phil and I could hear, "If you want to stop, Nissa, If you
 are in trouble, pull your hands out three times, so we hear the locks
 bang on the rings. That is your safe word. I'll be watching and
 listening for your signal. Do you understand? Try it now, please."

 I pulled my hands outwards three times, the locks banging against the
 rings and my bracelets clearly heard. I shook my head, yes, then
 settled my face in the padded opening of the bench and waited.

 Master went to the table in the back of the stage, returning with his
 choice from the instruments there. He stood in front of my bound form,
 his arms up, displaying the paddle he had selected to the audience,
 between his hands as a magician would display a prop. Master stepped
 in front of me to hold the paddle low, so I could see it. It was about
 fourteen inches long, tapered at one end to form a leather wrapped
 handle. The business end was straight, four inches wide, rounded and
 slightly tapered on the edges. He spun the paddle between his fingers
 and slashed the air before me a few times, getting the feel of it in
 his hand. The reflection of the spotlight above off the polished wood
 flashed hypnotically in my eyes.

 Master walked behind me to stand at the rear of the apparatus, near my
 defenseless bum. He gently ran the hard wood over my ass cheeks from
 the bottom of my back to the tops of my thighs where the upper straps
 were. I felt the wood leave, then come down on my bum with a loud
 crack. He started slow, wacking me not too hard at first, picking his
 spots and smacking my bum all over with the paddle, warming it to the
 onslaught that was to come. The blows started to get harder, the
 stinging smacks igniting a fire in my loins. I could tilt my hips a
 little, wiggle my feet a bit. I could move my head around and flap my
 arms a bit. Everything else was strapped tightly to the bench. I could
 only grunt around the ball in my mouth.

 My bum was burning now, each blow from the paddle sending a tingle
 racing up my spine. I tried to pull up my legs. I couldn't move them
 at all. I tried to reach back with my hands, the locks snapping tight
 against my bracelets. I strained and shook, the smacks still landing
 with stinging regularity. My body tensed and I shook with the first
 orgasm, my mind overtaken with the helplessness of my situation.

 As I came back to reality I sensed a pause in the action. I opened my
 eyes to see the M.C. looking at me, concerned. While I had been
 thrashing my arms he must have thought I had given the signal to stop.
 I shook my hands rattling the locks. I shook my head, no. I was in
 pain but I had not reached my limit. The whipping I had received tied
 to the trees at training school had hurt more, had been all over my
 body, not just my bum. Besides, I did trust Mr.Brandon and I wanted to
 play this session out to it's end. For Him. For Master.

 The M.C. announced that it was just a little miscommunication and that
 the show would continue. Master went to the table and I turned my head
 to watch him. He stripped off his shirt and tie, kicked off his shoes
 and socks. In the dim light I saw him handle several items, then
 choose one and return to the circle of light. He held the item up to
 the audience. There was a roar of approval, filling the room. I sensed
 that many more people had crowded into the room than there was before.
 Master laid the whip over my head, the strips of leather across my
 face, letting me inhale the scent of oiled and well worn leather. It
 was a traditional cat-O-nine tails, although I didn't bother to count.

 Master undid the buckles on my harness, letting the straps hang down
 off the bench under me, bareing my back. He pushed his hand under my
 belly to turn and unhook the silver chain, letting it hang down too.
 He left the cat over my head and went to the table again, returning
 with a stick and a chair. He sat in the chair and poked the stick at
 the soles of my feet, tickling and scratching them. I could not move
 my feet with the stocks holding my ankles tightly in place in their
 padded grip. I could wriggle my toes and twist my feet a bit,
 otherwise they were helpless against the torment from that stick. Just
 when I felt I could take no more tickling my soles were assaulted with
 a barrage of blows from the stick, master whipping the bottoms of my
 tender feet with it.

 As fast as it had started, it stopped, leaving me screaming against
 the ball in my mouth, biting down hard on it. Master threw the stick
 aside, shoved the chair out of the way and plucked the whip from off
 my head. Seconds after the strokes stopped on my feet a new pain
 sparkled across my back as the strips of leather slashed across it.
 Master moved around my bound form bringing the whip down hard on my
 back, my ass, my legs. Everywhere there was some exposed flesh the
 thin strips delivered their stinging fire.

 As much as I could I writhed with the agony of each blow. I started to
 experience the sensation of leaving my body, of floating upwards. This
 time I better understood what was happening and I let the feelings
 take me, up, to where the spotlight was hanging over me. I saw myself,
 bound tightly to the bench, Master, walking calmly around the circle
 of light, slashing down with the whip. I could see as well as feel the
 stripes that the whip was making on my skin.

 Then, quite suddenly, I was drawn back into myself to encounter the
 power of a massive orgasm which was surging through out my body. I
 shook from the forces that crashed through me. I don't know if I had
 inadvertently given the safeword while I thrashed against my bonds, or
 if master had realised what was happening to me, the flood of juices
 running down my thighs, staining the straps around them, a rather
 obvious clue. The whipping had stopped. I came back to thunderous
 applause and cheers from the audience. I felt the gag being unbuckled
 and the ball was eased from my mouth. I turned my head and looked out
 at the room. The lights had come on and I saw people from the party,
 packed into the room, standing and cheering the show master and I had
 given them. I managed a weak smile which brought an intensification of
 the cheers and applause.

 Master appeared in front of me, taking my head gently, turning it to
 face him. He looked deep into my eyes, his face a mixture of warm
 tenderness and fierce pride. He held my head, stroking my cheeks while
 the master of ceremonies went around unlocking and unbuckling the
 bondage which had held me in it's unrelenting embrace. Master helped
 me up, held me while I stood on shaky legs amid another round of
 thunderous applause and cheers. I was walked to the side of the stage
 where cool wet cloths were applied to the back of me, all over. I was
 helped into an adjoining room where I was lain face down on a bed as
 more of the soft, soothing cloths were applied, the slight antiseptic
 smell making my nose twitch. Master never left my side, gently
 stroking my head, telling me how wonderful I was.

 After a while the cloths were lifted carefully from me and a cream was
 applied, gently daubed on by Master and another person. My ass
 especially started to sting more at the touch of the cream but Master
 soothed me, telling me that I would feel better in a few minutes and
 my marks will heal quicker. I did start to feel better as the cream
 was absorbed into my tender flesh. Carl, our host, had come into the
 room and was shaking Phil's hand. "Another fine performance, Phil,
 Best I have ever seen." and to me, "You were wonderful, Nissa,
 absolutely divine." The big man stroked my hair tenderly. "Phil here
 is one of the best, you know. You stood up to it very well, my dear."

 Peter and Sue came in. Sue's bum still had a rosy glow to it, but she
 sat down on the bed beside me and asked how I was doing. By this time
 some of the pain had left me and I managed to raise myself a bit as
 she carefully put her arms around me, gently hugging me. Drinks came
 up from downstairs, a plate of food was set next to me. I felt like a
 queen being pampered and congratulated by all the people who came and
 went from the room. Sue helped me stand and walk to the mirror on the
 closet door. I turned and looked at my back, down my legs. Phil was
 indeed a skilled whip master. The countless red stripes which criss-
 crossed my back and the backs of my legs were laid out in an almost
 draftsman like precision. My bum had a bright red overall glow. There
 was no bleeding, only a few raised welts which I was told would heal
 completely in a week or so.

 Phil said that we should go. My cotton gown had been retrieved from
 the car, along with Sue's jacket. The outfit I had worn to the party
 was in a bag which Phil carried. The waist chain sparkled around his
 neck, hanging down across his chest, his shirt open in front. Our
 group made it's way downstairs, guests gently reaching to touch Sue's
 and my arm as we passed, wishing us well. Outside, birds were singing
 in the gray light of dawn. The car had been brought to the front and
 Sue and I got in the back seat. Sue's bum was not as sore as mine so I
 lay down, my head in her lap with my weight on my side as we drove to
 Peter's hotel.

 Peter suggested that we all come up to their room to sleep. There were
 two big beds and a couch there. Sue and I took one bed, Phil was
 offered the other and Peter took the big couch.

 I awoke sometime that evening to find Sue snuggled closely behind me.
 Her arm was around my waist and her leg was over mine. When I moved
 she started, then rolled over onto her back. I rolled over to face
 her, feeling only a slight twinge from my bum when I slid across the
 sheets. I said good morning as she opened her eyes.

 The men were still passed out so Sue and I held each other and cuddled
 a bit before Peter stirred and looked over at us. Sue and I, both
 nude, kissed each other and hugged while Peter watched. Then he got up
 and crossed over to lay behind his wife to stroke up and down her back
 with his hands. I went to Phil and gently shook him awake. I said that
 they might be worried about me back at the trading company. He said
 that we should call and he would tell them he would be returning with
 me tomorrow, since it was getting late.

 Phil made the call from the room as I listened in. He got through to
 Dora and he explained about the party which had gone on all night, and
 about the whipping that I had received there. Dora asked to speak to
 me and I told her that I was all right, that Mr.Brandon had taken good
 care of me. Before he rang off he asked if the head administrator
 could see him around noon, when we would arrive. The little wink Phil
 gave me made my heart skip a beat.

 Peter ordered room service and we had a wonderful feast before Phil
 and I left to go back to his hotel. He stopped to pick up some wine
 before driving to the cottage beside the lake. It was when we were
 sitting at the table, sipping the wine that he told me how he felt
 about me, that he had fallen deeply in love with me and he would be
 honoured and proud to have me as his wife.

 Phil said that I showed him that I was someone who would give him the
 kind of relationship that he had wanted, had needed for so long. I was
 someone that could give the ultimate gift, that of ones self,
 something that was more precious than anything else. "It is a gift
 that I would cherish until the end of time." he said.

 I wept, I was so touched by Phil's words. "Oh, yes, master." I said
 through the tears, "I am yours to do with as you please."

 We stood and he hugged me to him tightly. "My beautiful Nissa." he
 whispered in my ear, "You are mine and mine alone, forever more."

 Later on we took our glasses of wine and walked along the shore of the
 lake, stopping to sit on the grass and hold each other, looking up at
 the stars. Phil took my chain from his neck and put it around my waist
 again. He hooked his fingers through it and the one around my neck,
 pulling on them. "These chains," he said, "serve to bind you to me.
 They represent the unbroken love I have for you."

 He looked so solemn I had to laugh. "Yes, Master." I said. That got
 him to smile and then I jumped on top of him. We lay on the grassy
 shore of the lake long into the night, laughing and kissing, exploring
 each other's bodies with our hands like it was the first time. Then we
 went back to the cabin to the big bed where we slept together, master
 first putting Lisa's locks at my wrists and ankles and pocketing the
 keys with the heart shaped pendant hanging from the ring.

 We headed back to Pune in the morning, arriving at the trading company
 building just before noon. I was asked to wait in the lobby while the
 receptionist showed Phil into the head administrators office. It was
 only ten minutes later that I was told to go upstairs and say my
 goodbyes, that I would be leaving with Phil that afternoon. I went
 around saying goodbye to all my friends there. The other girls, and
 Dora wished me the best of luck in my new life. After I had gathered
 my few belongings, Dora took me down to the administrator's office.
 Mr.Brandon stood when I entered and gave me a hug.

 The administrator said that the financial arrangements had not yet
 been completed but that an exception was to be made for us and I could
 leave now if I wanted to. Phil explained that he would need to sell
 off most of his company, and also his house in California, to meet the
 commitment for me. When I looked up there were tears in my eyes. Phil
 said that all that he owned meant nothing if he couldn't have me, and
 not to worry.

 "I don't think you would like California, Nissa." Phil said. "And to
 be honest, I am a little tired of it now. Carl moved here five years
 ago and he and his friend seem quite happy here. This is a big and
 beautiful country and I think I would like living here too."

 The administrator shook my hand, and Phil's. "You two make a fine
 couple," he said, "And I am happy for you both. I wish you the best of
 luck."

 He walked us out to the car. As we drove away I reached out my hand
 and Phil took it, glancing lovingly at me as he drove. That he was
 willing to give up everything for me made me realise how much I meant
 to him. We dropped off the rental car at the airport, then boarded the
 plane for the flight to his home.

 Master sold off most of his company and his nice car and big house in
 the valley. He was able to pay the fee for me within six months. He
 retained a small micro chip foundry and an assembly plant in Thailand
 which he visits from time to time. We have a nice house on the coast
 in Kerala state, just north of Cochin, which I felt right at home in
 the minute I saw it. Master is quite happy living here too, the hustle
 and fast life of California forgotten, for the slower, more relaxed
 way of life here.

		    --=--

 I have lived with Master for four years now. We are both so very happy
 in our nice house by the sea. A few months ago we went to another
 fetish party at Carl's house. I wore the same outfit as last time, the
 nipple covers on, for the start of the party. This time Carl and I had
 time to organize a dance show with seven other girls from a local
 dance studio. The girls and I put on a wonderful show for the guests,
 two of the more erotic temple dances and a very sensuous belly dance
 number. Later on I watched as Master put the whip to a lovely little
 blond girl in the room upstairs while the guests cheered him on. Her
 screams filled the room as she came and came, charged with the power
 of Master's domination of her. I was bursting with pride standing near
 him as he tended to her wounds afterwards in the room next door, and
 later, as he talked to friends from California who had come all this
 way just to see him work.

 Master still puts me under the whip from time to time. Not often, but
 when he thinks I want it, or need it. I have total trust in Master,
 I know that he will never hurt me, never really bad I mean.

 Master's business is doing very well again. He is off to secure some
 new contracts in the Philippines and in Australia now. He said that he
 expects to return at the end of this week. This journal has taken me
 longer than I thought it would. I will post this part tonight, and I
 hope that he has time to read it, and that he was pleased with my
 efforts.

 To my darling master, my life. All my love:  Nissa.


 [End of part 3]

      Dino Dave.   Oct.1999








Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dino Dave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





