BDSM Library - Black Madame




Black Madame
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story about a black dominant lady and her slaves. Come and get under the feet of your mistresses.
Black Madame
by Cmoon01 (cmoon01@aol.com)




BLACK MADAME 1 (Breaking Him In)

Miss Jean sat reading the current issue of Ebony magazine as she waited
for her new slave, Mr. Richard Law, to arrive. A 42 year old black woman,
she took great delight in enslaving white men to her will.  Although she
was now a full figured woman of color, she was still extremely sexy and
attracted many admiring looks from black men and white males.  She laughed
to herself, thinking how much the phrase "white man" was an oxymoron.  She
had never met a manly white.  Years ago, as an attractive young black
woman, she had had her share of white boys who looked down on her as if
she was a piece of shit, and treated her like some kind of whore.  At
first she accepted it as the way of the world, but gradually resentment
and hatred had set in.  However, it wasn't until she met Charles, when she
was just 19, that she realized there was a breed of white man who actually
desired to serve as the slaves of black women.

Charlie had been older - in his mid 20's, strong...and white.  The
arrogant white girls all fancied him like crazy, and practically threw
themselves at him, yet he had gone down on his knees before Jean and
begged her to accept him as her slave. She'd been rather shocked, if
flattered, but he'd explained to her that he'd be hers to command as she
wished.  The idea had appealed, it was a way of getting her own back.  The
first time she had punished him, with his own leather belt across his
naked ass - and he plainly accepting her right to do so - had set her off.
He spent hours kneeling between her dark legs, bringing pleasure
previously undreamed of, to her pussy with his tongue.

Jean's respect for him, and for white men in general, began to deteriorate
rapidly as she realized the depths to which she could take him.  He was
well off with an excellent job, and began to buy her the paraphernalia  of
a domina; leather clothing, high heeled boots and shoes and expensive
lingerie to dress her magnificent body in.  Handcuffs, ropes, chains and
straps to bind him with.  Whips, straps, canes and crops to punish him
with.  She was at first amazed how he would willingly bring her her whip
to punish him with.  She later allowed him to move in, and he would keep
her house clean, polish all her shoes and look after all her clothes.  His
maid service alone began to make Jean wonder how she could ever live
without a slave.  He would give her the bulk of his unspent money, and
eventually he presented her with a solid black plastic dildo, which he
begged her to fuck him up the ass with.  She really enjoyed that.

She became the envy of her friends, to whom the thought of having an
attractive white man worship you as their superior was a wild and exciting
fantasy.  Several acquired slaves of their own, but most tired of the
novelty, preferring their sexual desires to be satisfied by young, virile
black cock rather than white tongue.  Jean also found her slave's tongue a
poor substitute for black virility, and Charles' cock, which she tried
once or twice, was never big enough to satisfy her.  Eventually her need
for a "real" man rather than her pathetic white wimp found culmination in
LeRoy, a strong, dark man who was greatly amused to find his young
girlfriend had a white slave-boy.   LeRoy had been a soulmate, and she had
allowed him to master her slave, beat him, even fuck him.  Boyfriend
became her husband, and the abuse continued, until Jean became pregnant. 
They decided not to keep a full-time slave while they were raising
children, and Charlie was given away to her single cousin, Donna.  

Thereafter, throughout their married life, they had continued what she had
started, training white men, and even couples, to become good, obedient
slaves.  Many whites became expert in serving their superior black masters
and mistresses thanks to the training they received at the hands of LeRoy
and Jean.  LeRoy had especially enjoyed training the women, fucking them
with his huge cock in front of their helpless husbands.  Jean had become
quite famous within the black community, and had actually made a large sum
of money selling a well trained white teenage slaveboy - a virgin - to a
famous black model, who wanted a white male maid as a status symbol.  He
had been feminised, teased and tormented, and his new Mistress promised
him that she intended to keep him a virgin forever.  Thereafter, Miss Jean
made a good income from training and selling white slaves to wealthy
blacks.

Back in the present, Miss Jean was contemplating how to start Mr. Law's
training as her newest ass-kissing foot-slave.  He was not her willing
slave, though, which turned her on even more than usual.  Richard Law had
acquired a rather poor reputation in her neighborhood, being something of
an over-opinionated racist bigot,  who treated black students very badly
at the school where he worked as a sports teacher.  Making it her business
to sort things out, she had asked around, and been rewarded when she
discovered from a girlfriend that he was fucking the head teacher's
teenage daughter.  A private eye who owed her had obtained the necessary
evidence, with which she had confronted him.  She laughed as she
remembered his reaction; she had never seen a white man turn whiter! 
Terrified of the exposure to his wife and employers that she threatened,
he had no choice but to agree to report to her for "behavior training." 
Today would be his second session.  

Suddenly, there was a knock at the door. Miss Jean rose from her sofa and
opened the door to greet a very nervous looking Mr. Law.

"Hello there, white boy. Come in here. I can hardly wait to get you under
my heels."

He entered the room, closed the door behind him and stood hesitantly
before her, not quite knowing what to do. His hopes that it was all a joke
had quickly evaporated on his first visit, but he still felt resentful. 
He was determined not to let the black woman reduce him to tears again. 
Miss Jean looked him over, thinking to herself that it was going to take a
lot to whip this lowly piece of white shit into a decent slave.

Irritated, she snapped at Mr. Law, "Well, Mr. Law, have you forgotten your
first lesson already? Whenever you come into a room and are within three
feet of me, you will drop to your knees, crawl to my feet, and kiss my
feet in greeting, unless instructed otherwise. Is that understood,
footboy?"

"Yes, Madame."

Miss Jean smiled - at least she would have fun training him to know his
place without thinking.

"So why are you still standing there looking so stupid, moron??"

Mr. Law dropped to his knees, crawled over to where Miss Jean was
standing, and began to kiss the toe of her 4", black patent leather high
heels. Miss Jean looked down at the pathetic lily-white creature kissing
her shoe. 

"Well, well, look at this. My own personal shoe-kissing slave. You like
kissing my sexy shoes, don't you, white boy??"

"Yes, Madame." replied Mr. Law, between kisses.

"I'll bet ten lashes on your ass that you would just love to stick out
your unworthy tongue and lick my pretty heels clean for me. You want to be
my shoe-shine boy, don't you, you worthless piece of shit?!"

"Yes, Madame.", answered Mr. Law with his lips still pressed to the toe of
Miss Jean's high heels.

Suddenly, without warning, his Mistress stepped away from him and sat down
on the sofa. Mr. Law crawled after her, looking up in confused anxiety.

Miss Jean crossed her legs as she spoke.

"All right, shoe-shine boy, beg me to allow you to put your unworthy
tongue on my heels."

Like a well trained dog, Mr. Law began to beg for the privilege to clean
his black mistress's high heels. When Miss Jean had heard enough of his
pleading, she raised the sole of her shoe to his face.

"See that dirt on the bottom of my shoe, slave?"

"Yes, Madame."

"You are lower than the dirt on the bottom of my shoes, and therefore you
should be grateful that I allow you to clean my pretty shoes. You are
grateful, aren't you, shoe-shine?"

"Yes, Madame."

"I have one last word of warning for you. I don't want you slobbering all
over my nylons.  You are a shoe-shine boy, concentrate on my shoes.  Touch
my stockings and you'll be punished, boy"

Mr. Law lowered his head and began to clean her high heels, hating the
feel of grit and dirt on his tongue. Directing his efforts, Miss Jean
moved her foot to direct his tongue where she wanted it.

"That's right, shine the toe of that shoe, now the side, now the other
side. Clean the bottom of that dirty shoe. That's good, you little
shoe-licker. Now you can suck that heel. I know how much you want to. Good
boy. Get all the dirt off of that heel. That's where I like to see
arrogant white boys - with their lips wrapped around my high heels. Now
clean the other shoe!"

After Mr. Law finished, Miss Jean inspected her shoes.

"I am not satisfied with your shoe shine."

She attached a leash to his neck and pulled him down to her feet. She
placed her foot on his head.

"This is going to hurt you a lot more than it will me," she laughed.

Miss Jean punished his ass with ten strokes of her whip.

"Now try it again, you lowly shoe-licker."

Sniffing back the pain and indignity, Mr. Law again tried to please his
Mistress by cleaning her high heels right. But, once again, Miss Jean
pulled him to the floor.

"I told you, I don't want your wimpy tongue on my nylons.  Time for
another lesson.  She gave his raised ass another ten strokes with her
whip.

"Fetch me a pillow, slave. Put it there on the coffee table." Miss Jean
ordered.  He scurried to obey, feeling terribly vulnerable, naked before
this powerful black woman, ass pulsing in pain.  When he had placed the
pillow she raised her legs and rested them on the pillow.

Get your snotty nose down at my shoes, footboy!  Kneel at my feet, I like
to see you kneeling there.  Now, remove my shoes - gently!  That's right,
white boy.  No kissing or licking, boy, you have not earned that privilege
yet. I want to see how good a foot sniffer you can be, slave. That's
right, press your nose to the soles of my feet. Yes, you can touch my
stockings this time.  Now sniff in between my toes."  She chuckled deeply.
 "Sniff good, white boy.  I want to hear you."

Miss Jean watched the white man who, until recently, thought he was the
center of the universe.  His training was coming along nicely now, she
thought.  She smiled as she noticed his cock was erect, despite the
humiliation she was putting him through.  Or maybe because of it.  White
men were so fucked up.

"Look at you, you pathetic, foot sniffing, piece of shit!! I did not tell
you to stop!  The only reason you're here and not in jail is because my
feet enjoy being worshipped by white wimps like you.  You owe your freedom
to my feet, so show some gratitude!  Let me hear you sniffing my hot
sweaty feet now!! You enjoy smelling my hot, tired, sweaty feet, don't
you, my little foot-sniffer?"

The required reply was slightly muffled.  "Yes, Madame."

After a while, Miss Jean became bored of watching her slave sniffing her
nylon covered feet.

"Stop, slave!! I've got something that you will enjoy worshipping."

She stood, tugging at his leash, and pulled him into the center of the
room. Turning her back on him, she pushed her ass into his face.

"Beg me for the privilege of worshipping my beautiful black ass, white
boy!" she commanded.

Mr. Law would have refused, but his ass was so sore, he knew he couldn't
stand another beating.  "May I kiss your ass, Madame?"

"You don't sound very enthusiastic, slave.  If you don't sound
enthusiastic I'll think you don't really mean it, and then I'll have to
beat that ass some more.  I'll give you one more chance."

He swallowed, desperate to avoid further punishment.  "Oh, please Madame,
may I? Please may I kiss your beautiful, beautiful black ass?" he begged,
feeling acute humiliation.

Half smiling, half sneering, she hooked her thumbs in the waistband of her
panties. She slowly pushed her panties down below her beautiful bottom.

"Go ahead, wimp! I will be generous and allow you to kiss my ass. You will
keep your hands at your sides and squirm your face in between my lovely
ass cheeks just like the worm that you are!"

Mr. Law hesitated only a second before he pushed his face all the way up
in between her soft ass cheeks.  Smiling in satisfaction, Miss Jean
realized she had taken him another step further.  Soon there would be no
way out for him.  She sat back upon his upturned face as though she was
sitting on a bar stool.  Laughing out loud, she taunted him further.  "How
wonderful. I have a nice new piece of furniture for my beautiful ass."

Mr. Law's head began to pound under her weight. His neck felt as though it
might snap. He reached up to help support her weight with his hands, but
they were slapped away.

"I said no hands, stupid.  It is a privilege that white boys like you are
allowed so close to black beauty.  You should be grateful that I allow you
in my presence.  Men drool at the thought of making love to me, but, none
of that for you! You'll be my little virgin slave boy.  You can drool over
my body, but white wimps like you only get to look, never enjoy!  You are
not a real man to me. You are just a piece of furniture, a door mat to
wipe my feet on, a piece of property to do with as I wish, to use and
abuse in any manner that amuses me."

Mr. Law began to struggle against the pain and lack of air.

Miss Jean wiggled her ass on his face, raising herself only slightly to
allow him some oxygen.

"Now that you're where you belong, let me feel that tongue."

Mr. Law wasn't sure what she meant.  He thought he knew, but surely she
couldn't mean THAT!

"I said I want to feel your tongue, slut.  Get your wimp tongue up my
ass."

With no choice, he obediently snaked out his tongue, pushing it into his
tormentor's ass hole.

"Further, boy.  Get it right in!"

He pushed further, hearing the sounds of pleasure above him, and felt his
tongue push right into her ass.  He was gratified to hear a long sigh of
ecstasy from his Mistress, then jolted as he felt her hand encircle his
unbelievably hard cock.

He heard her chuckle.  "Well, my little white slave, it looks like you
really love your Mistress."

He groaned as she softly began to masturbate him.  He hadn't realized his
arousal until now, but suddenly he was desperate to cum.

"Would you like to cum for your Mistress, boy?"

He struggled to let her know how much he needed release.  He tried to nod
his head, with her weight still pressing down on his face.  Suddenly he
felt her other hand grasp his balls, and the need was even greater.

Fuck my hand if you want to come, sissy."

He was beyond humiliation now as he began to buck his hips up and down as
she maintained a grasp on his dick.  It was only a loose grip, and he
longed for her to hold him tightly, but she was not going to help ease his
degradation.

With his tongue still up her ass, he began to feel an orgasm of gigantic
proportions approach.  He didn't know it, but up above him Miss Jean was
also experiencing wonderful pleasures.  She could feel him about to erupt,
and knew it was another stage of his enslavement, another manifestation of
her power.  Goddam, breaking him in was making her so hot!

They both came together, pure, undiluted sexual release.  He thought he
would never stop firing his cum into the air, and she lost herself deep
within her own pleasure, his tongue encouraging her body towards ultimate
ecstasy.  

When they began to come down, Miss Jean felt on top of the world.  In
contrast, Mr. Law realized that he had passed a threshold.  His wife, even
his teenage lover, could never give him what Miss Jean had just given him.
 He began to wonder if it was such a bad thing, being her slave.  Perhaps
he'd be allowed to fuck her one day, if he pleased her enough.  He could
avoid punishments by being obedient and submissive, and hopefully earn
more pleasure. 

His Mistress raised herself from him, but he remained where he was,
drawing in deep breaths of fresh air.  "And what have you to say to me for
allowing you release, slave?" asked Miss Jean as she settled down on the
sofa once again.

He raised himself to his knees before her.  "Thank you, Madame.  I've
never known anything like it."

He watched in fascination as she unclipped her stockings and slowly rolled
them down and off her legs.

"Good.  You may express your gratitude by worshipping my toes." 

He bent to his task without complaint, taking each toe into his mouth
individually as Miss Jean leant back to enjoy his ministrations.  He felt
the world slipping into place around him, still enveloped in the afterglow
of the most delicious orgasm of his life.

After half an hour she looked down at the pathetic slave beneath her feet.
"You are my property, I own you. Your only purpose is to serve, worship,
and amuse me. Is that understood, slave??"

"Yes, Madame." replied Mr. Law, unwilling to cease his loving worship of
Miss Jean's beautiful toes.  He almost pouted in protest when she shifted
on her sofa and removed her feet from his mouth.

"Now, lets make arrangements for your next visit, white boy.  I've
something very special planned for you....."




BLACK MADAME 2  (Black Mistress)

As instructed, I knock on Miss Jean's door at exactly 4 o'clock.  Past
experience has taught me not to be late; my Mistress will not permit
tardiness.

She makes me wait, but then suddenly the door opens, and I gaze adoringly
on my powerful dominatrix once again.  She appears to tower over me,
mainly due to her overpowering persona; although her heels raise her
perhaps 3 or 4 inches above me, I feel tiny before her.  Miss Jean's dark
skin and high cheekbones underscore her superiority, and her glossy red
lips part in a scornful smile as she sees my weakness.  My black Mistress
is a well built, overweight woman, and is a few years older than me, in
her early 40's.  She wears a tight blouse and skirt, emphasizing her
feminine curves.  She holds a cigarette in one hand, and waves me in with
the other.  Mistress wastes no time on pleasantries.  

"I want your balls in my hand! Strip now!" she demands.

I strip.  She is amused to see that I have followed orders, and am wearing
my wife's sexiest white lingerie under my work clothes.  The white basque
is tight and was very awkward for me to put on, but probably helps to make
my figure more feminine, the way Madame likes it.  Suspender straps run
from it to the lacy-topped white stockings they support.  White satin
panties almost contain my erect cock, as my shiny helmet pokes impudently
over the top of my panties.  It will probably pay for its impertinence
later.

Madame places a pair of white stiletto's on the floor next to my feet. 
"Get into them, sissy slut."  I obey, feeling ridiculous under the
scornful gaze of my black mistress.

She holds out her palm at crotch height, and as trained I pull my panties
to the side and place my balls in her hand.  She gazes into my eyes with a
wicked smile on her lips, and slowly squeezes.

"Who's boss here?" she asks.

"You are, Madame," I gulp, "You are the Mistress of my worthless white
ass, and the owner of my penis and balls, Miss Jean."

Laughing, she cuffs my hands high behind me, in the small of my back. 

"Don't you look sweet now, Mr. Law?" she laughs.  My face burns in
delicious humiliation.

"Where are the spare stockings I told you to bring?"

I gulp.  "Madame, I couldn't find any others in my wife's drawers."  She
looks at me sharply, and I quake under her gaze.

"But I found some in Amanda's room.  They're in the bag at the door."

Miss Jean's eyes widen in glee.  "Excellent, sissy-boy.  Your balls will
be punished by your daughter's nylons."

Taking the worn black stockings, she reaches under my panties and begins
to bind them around my balls, taking care to separate and lift each one. 
It is tight, and I strive to remain still, knowing my punishment if I
annoy my Mistress.  I see them in the mirror, one poking out from each
side of the white panties, taking on a purple hue with the strain.  

The second stocking is used as a leash, and Miss Jean pulls on it, leading
me around her living room.  I totter after her on my white high heels.
After so many lessons at Miss Jean's hands, I am fairly competent in them,
and take great care to wiggle my ass as I walk, trying to be as feminine
as possible to avoid incurring my Mistress's wrath.

I see her hand firmly grasping the end of my cock-lead, her long scarlet
fingernails appearing as cruel talons to me.  Madame's bottom sways before
me invitingly, from side to side - how I long for her permission to bury
my face into its sweetness.  Her tight skirt reaches the back of her
knees, and I admire the shimmering black hose-covered legs below. 
Finally, I gaze reverently at her spike heels , at least 4" high, long and
tapering.  She walks confidently in her high heeled shoes, the very ones I
have spent hours polishing with my humble tongue.

"I wonder when Amanda last wore these stockings, sissy?"  She turns and
winks.  "I bet she enjoyed wearing them for her boyfriend.  Do you think
she allowed his hands to rove all over them?  I wonder if they parted for
his hands to stroke her young pussy?  Do you think her lover is black?  I
bet he is, sissy boy.  Next time you come to worship me, bring a pair of
your daughter's sexiest panties!"  She gives a sharp tug, and I groan in
pain but voice my assent.

Oh, my Mistress knows what buttons to push.  My cock grows even harder as
I try not to imagine my 18 year old daughter making out in the sexy
stockings I now wear bound around my balls.  I wonder what torment awaits
me with Amanda's panties.

Mistress then commands me to kneel before her as she sits at her dresser. 
"You may ask now, white-boy."

I hate to ask, as well she knows, but dare not disobey.

"Please, Madame, please make my face up in pretty makeup.  Please make me
look sexy and girlish."  I look up pleadingly into her beautiful face,
knowing that if I don't make it convincing she will punish me more.

"Good sissy," she laughs.  "Of course Madame will make you up.  We must
make you look sweet for the girls."

My heart freezes.  Girls?  Oh, no - she doesn't intend to expose me like
this to others, surely!

"Oh yes, sissy.  My niece is coming over soon, and she's heard so much
about your little visits here.  She's bringing a friend.  They're both
dying to meet you.  You see, they both remember you from high school. 
They were cheerleaders, and we all know how you used to treat colored
cheerleaders.  I think you'll be paying for being such a white-ass pig all
afternoon.  I wonder if you'll remember them?!  You won't forget them
after today, that's a fact, boy."

Miss Jean wipes away a tear from my cheek, and continues to apply the
thick makeup with skill.  She knows how I hate being feminised, and enjoys
it all the more because of it.  I catch another glimpse of myself in her
mirror.  I look so very vulnerable, and know how helpless and ridiculous I
must appear.

"You'll like my niece, sissy," my Mistress continues.  "She's around the
same age as your daughter - almost 20.  She's so beautiful - and you'll
just be crazy about her legs - they are so long.  Of course, she doesn't
have my breasts, but Pauline's are okay in their way.  Not that it matters
much to you, Mister football coach.  Pauline only takes real men as
lovers.  Not sissy white boys like you.  But you'll give her lots of fun
anyway, in your own way.  Just be sure to treat her and her friend with
respect, boy.  Your ass is theirs!  Ha-ha!"

I feel a shiver of fear run through me.  "Madame, will they hurt me?"

"Of course, sissy.  Pauline has a fantasy about fucking a white man's ass.
 She's got a lovely big, hard, strap-on to do it, and I told her that
you'd just love to be on the receiving end of her dildo."

"But...Madame..."

"Oh, you don't need to thank me, sissy.  You should have heard Pauline
laugh when I told her I knew a white sissy who loved to be sodomised. 
When I told her it was you, well, she looked like the cat who got the
cream.  And her friend, Cindy, she wants to beat your ass after it's been
well and truly fucked."     

Miss Jean finished applying the makeup and put a cute wig on my head.  Now
I looked very feminine, if not exactly female.

"Over my lap now, whitey.  Let's warm up that fat ass of yours before the
girls get here."

I obey with alacrity.  Madame knows how to spank white boys.

And yet somehow, despite knowing what lay ahead, my cock strained against
my wife's scanty panties as I stretch myself across Madame's ample lap. 
My now-tender balls flattened out on her tight skirt and I felt a feeling
of total humiliation and fear pass through me as I recited the words
Mistress had trained me to say.

"Please....please punish my naughty white sissy ass, Madame.  Please
punish me on behalf of the superior black race."

Madame laughed.  "Of course, boy.  If that's what you want Madame will be
happy to punish you." 




BLACK MADAME 3  (Miss Jean's Party)

After a month's behavior training at her hands, Miss Jean decided to invite some
friends to view my progress, and she informed me that I was to be the
entertainment.  This made me very nervous; I was used to serving my own
Mistress, but dreaded the added humiliation of other participants.  The worst
experience I had so far had was when she had invited two surprise guests at a
previous session, her niece, Miss Pauline, and her friend Miss Cindy.  Miss
Pauline had brutally raped my ass with a strap-on dildo, and afterwards, as I
lay bound, sobbing at my violation, Miss Cindy had soundly whipped my butt. I
desperately hoped those two young dominas would not be guests this time.

I arrived at my Goddess's house an hour before the party was due to begin, and
Miss Jean gleefully showed me my costume for the evening - to my great shame I
was again to be feminised, dressed in a little pink maids outfit, frilly
underwear, stockings and pink 4 inch heels. As each guest arrived I was to open
the door and let them in. I was instructed to clearly and loudly introduce
myself to each by curtsying, kneeling and kissing the toes of their footwear,
and announcing that my name was "Sweet Sissy."

It took over an hour for Mistress to get me ready.  There was really no need to
take so long, but Miss Jean enjoyed humiliating me, and stretched it out. She
often paused to let me admire each item of attire, and painstakingly applied my
makeup.

"What do you think of this sexy bra, Mr. Law?" she asked.

"It's beautiful, Madame.  I'm such a lucky sissy to be allowed to wear such
pretty things."  This was the way Miss Jean liked to rub my nose in it. I had
quickly learned that lack of appreciation or enthusiasm for my training meant
I'd end up with a very sore ass.  My mind urged me to resist her crude
brain-washing techniques, but my body remembered the glorious orgasms she had
the power to give - and also the pain she could dish out.  And so I strove to
keep her pleased with my behavior.

"Do you like these panties I got for you, sissy?"

"Oh, Madame, they're gorgeous.  You are so kind to me, Madame.  Please may I be
allowed to put them on?"

"Of course you may wear the pretty panties, Mr. Law.  But I don't want you
staining them again.  You remember what happened last time?"

Indeed I did.  I had been teased all night when, as Miss Jean surely expected, I
had cum in my panties, much to my severe embarrassment.  I had been promptly
pulled across Miss Jean's lap and soundly spanked for the offense.   

Miss Jean informed me she had invited three friends.  The first to arrive was a
Miss Angela, one of the sexiest ladies I had ever seen.  She wore an incredibly
tight, short dress in black leather, black panty-hose over the most wonderfully
long, shapely legs, and 4" high heeled shoes.  Her 27 year old ebony face was
impeccably made up, and her flowing hair curled around her bare shoulders.

"My, how sweet you look, boy," she laughed as I rose from dutifully kissing her
shoes, "Your Mistress told me how you loved to be her sissy, but I didn't
believe it until now."

I withered under her condescending gaze, wishing I could assure her that I was
indeed a real man.  Had I met this beauty in other circumstances, where I could
have done something to impress her, I might have had the chance of seducing her. 
Although I tried to disguise my rampant lust for her, she seemed to know the
effect she had on me, and with a shock I realized that she had noticed my little
cock pushing out the front of my skirt.  With a self-satisfied smile, she
contemptuously turned on her heel to join my Mistress in the living room.

I had barely recovered when the other two guests arrived hand in hand, Ms
Valerie and Miss Debra.  The older of the two was Ms Valerie, around six years
older than I, at 47.  She was a very attractive woman, expensively dressed and
with a haughty air of sophistication about her.  As I took her fur coat I
realized with a shock that this was Miss Pauline's mother, as I had met her
several times at PTA meetings at my school, when I had arrogantly dismissed her
complaints about my poor treatment of her daughter. Miss Pauline had had her
revenge. I expected tonight Ms Valerie would have hers.

I quelled at the cool look Ms Valerie gave me, and knew instantly that she had
been told all about my degradation at her daughter's hand, and had been looking
forward to seeing me  Her friend, Miss Debra, was the youngest of the guests, in
her early 20's, and she was also stunning to look at.  Her hair was styled
short, and I thought she dressed a little butch, in tight black leather jeans,
but her see-through white silk shirt proclaimed her a very feminine woman.  She
wore ankle boots that boasted long, cruel heels. Her face, also, was very
feminine, and she wore dark red lipstick on luscious, untouchable lips.  Her
sultry eyes promised an interesting evening lay ahead.              

They all went and sat in the living room, and I went to serve them drinks. I
knew to curtsy properly each time I entered or left the presence of one of the
ladies. Ms Valerie did not think I had curtsied well enough, and I had to ask
her very nicely to slap my little sissy dick so I would learn to be a better
sissy servant. Of course I then had to thank the lady for taking the time to
punish me.

The evening went successfully enough, with me fetching and serving and having my
semi-erect white dick slapped when one of the ladies thought my curtsies were
not cute enough.  Things began to get interesting, however, when I was having my
little cock slapped by Miss Debra, and it began to harden under the stimulation. 
The ladies all waited for it to acquire its full size, then realized, with much
mirth, that this was as big as it got.  Mistress Angela, with a wink at me,
asked my owner when I had last been allowed to cum.  I was instructed to answer
the lady.

"I was allowed to masturbate in Madame's presence last week, Mistress Angela." I
replied, in my most deferential voice.  Mistress Angela overawed me, her
breathtaking beauty bringing home how pathetic I must appear. 

The lady laughed, then Ms Valerie asked me when I had last been allowed to take
pleasure with my wife.  My face reddened.

"I was given permission to make love to my wife 17 days ago, Ms Valerie."

"Did she enjoy it, white boy?"

My face got even redder.  "I was instructed to cum before my wife had an orgasm,
Mistress."

The group of ladies laughed.

"And what did your wife think of this, boy?" asked Mistress Debra.

"She...she wasn't too happy with me, Miss Debra." I replied.  It was rather an
understatement, we had had a blazing row and I'd been packed off to the spare
room until I learned how to be a 'proper' man.  I'd listened to my wife bring
herself off with the vibrator I'd been ordered to give her by Miss Jean when I'd
first began my training.

Miss Jean spoke as the laughter began to subside.  "I told sissy that he may be
allowed to show his respect for us tonight, girls."

I was mortified.  Not before all Madame's guests, surely.

"A splendid idea," spoke up Mistress Angela, "He can use my panties if he asks
nicely."

I wanted the room to swallow me up, but I noticed Miss Jean looking at me,
expectantly.  I would be allowed no escape.  Besides, I realized with a shock, I
was desperate to feel Miss Angela's panties on my cock.

"Please, Mistress Angela, may I be allowed to masturbate into your beautiful,
sexy panties?"

"Are you sure you want to do it in front of us, sissy?" she asked, gazing deeply
into my eyes.

Everyone knew I had no choice, but the ladies were enjoying playing it out. My
face could not have gotten any redder now.

"Yes, please, Mistress Angela.  It would be a great honor to me to be allowed to
show my respect to Madame's guests."

"Go on." Miss Jean ordered sternly as the ladies continued to enjoy my
humiliation.

"I love to jerk off into beautiful ladies panties.  Especially beautiful black
ladies panties.  It makes my little white penis very hard."

I wanted to die as the ladies roared their laughter.

Mistress Angela then stood up and, reaching under her leather dress, pulled down
a pair of white, silky briefs.  I realized then that she was actually wearing
stockings, not panty-hose, and my dick twitched more as I caught a glimpse of
smooth, ebony thighs.  Miss Angela draped her panties over the end of my exposed
cock.

"Hands on head, sissy," said Miss Jean, "I'm going to masturbate your pathetic
little cock myself."

So saying, she stood behind me and wrapped the gorgeous panties, still warm from
Mistress Angela's pussy, around my already hard dick.

"Pump your white dick, sissy boy."

Miss Jean was determined to wring every bit of humiliation out of the situation. 
The ladies sat back to enjoy the show as I pumped my ass back and forward,
causing wonderful sensations to run along my cock.  Miss Jean grasped the
panties tightly around me.  She wasn't masturbating me at all - instead she was
making me fuck the panties in her hand.

Despite the intense humiliation I could feel myself building to a climax.  It
had been a long week, and I was unable to stop myself groaning loudly with
pleasure, which brought forth fresh peals of laughter from the ladies.  I knew I
must have been a pathetic sight, and Madame's friends, sitting before me with
legs crossed, had surely never witnessed a more degrading spectacle.  I realized
that they did not really regard me as an individual - instead I was an example
of the white male who was a bane on their lives.

I came in a torrent, soaking Mistress Angela's delicate panties with my cum. I
noticed Miss Debra pressing her thighs tightly together, and wondered if my
humiliation had actually turned her on.  Ms Valerie, despite enjoying my
degradation, looked slightly disappointed that I had been allowed to cum - I
think she would have enjoyed denying me release.

My Mistress released my cock and joined the ladies before me.  I was left
standing alone, with a pair of soft panties wrapped around my cock, sighing in
pleasure in the aftermath of a rare orgasm.  My tormentors remained seated
before me, giggling like schoolgirls and making disparaging comments about my
performance and inadequate equipment.  My cock gradually lost its hardness and,
to my shame, Miss Angela's panties dropped off my cock and landed at my feet,
prompting fresh laughter.

Mistress Angela rose from her seat to pick up the sodden panties.  She held them
up before my eyes.

"You disgusting, vile creature.  You've ruined my underwear."

"I'm...I'm sorry, Miss Angela." I replied, returning to reality with regret.

"Make him clean them, Angela." spoke up Miss Debra.

"You heard her, white boy.  Open up."

Reluctantly I opened my mouth, and Miss Angela deposited her panties inside with
a smile.

"Suck them clean, boy," she instructed, delight at my degradation clear in her
dark face.

I began to chew, fighting against the urge to spit them out.  I had never tasted
cum before, and struggled against the vile taste, knowing I dare not show my
displeasure.  Mistress Angela watched my face for a few moments then returned to
her friends, who lost interest in me as they began to converse.

I remained ignored for ten minutes or so, when I saw Ms Valerie asking something
of my Mistress.  Miss Jean smiled, and beckoned me over.

"Kneel before us, Mr. Law." she ordered.  Miss Angela reached forward to reclaim
her panties, which she threw to the floor with hardly a glance.

I knelt, looking up at the four superb ladies, wondering what was to come next.

"Ms Valerie would like to hear how you enjoyed her daughter's dildo."

It was a double-barbed question.  I could not possibly tell her how much I had
hated it - the punishment for such impertinence would be severe indeed. But I
was scared that if I took the only reasonable alternative I would be subjected
to an ass-fucking again.

"Well, boy?" asked an impatient Ms Valerie.

I determined to take the lesser of the two evils.

"I very much enjoyed being fucked by your daughter, Ms Valerie.  I am a very
lucky sissy to lose my virginity to Miss Pauline's dildo.  She was very ...
masterful, and my ass was well and truly fucked."

"Good.  I'll let her know how much you loved being her slut, Mr. Law."

"Yes please, Ms Valerie.  Thank you."

"Meanwhile," Ms Valerie continued, with a broad smile, "There's the matter of
your impertinence to me.  Would you like me to teach you some manners?"

Although I had expected a beating at her hands, I groaned inwardly in fear. But
I remembered my training.

"I would be very grateful if you would punish me for failing to show you enough
respect, Ms Valerie."

The older lady's lips parted in a cruel smile as she reached into her bag and
produced a vicious looking whip.

"I'll be happy to teach you to respect your betters," she replied, "Nose to the
carpet, Mr. Law.  Get your sissy white ass high for me."

I steeled myself for the ordeal to come... 



BLACK MADAME 4  (Black Mistresses)

Mistress Jean and her girlfriends got together at least once every month
for a special evening that enabled them to let down their hair and show
off their latest conquests, the white men and women they had trapped,
cajoled or just plain blackmailed into slavery.  They had spent the first
part of the evening thrashing Mistress Angela's new slaves, a pair of
white brothers who employed her at their company as a secretary. The group
of black women never failed to find pleasure in punishing arrogant middle
aged white men.  Like most blacks, they had all run across whites who
somehow had the misguided interpretation that they were the superior race.
 Jean and her friends took great joy in teaching them the error of their
ways.    

The ladies used this opportunity to put their new submissives on display. 
It was, to all intents and purposes, their slaves 'graduation', being the
culmination of several months' hard training.  By now, any rebelliousness
should have been stamped out, and the ladies enjoyed pushing their slaves
to the limit by humiliating them in public, in a social situation, and in
the presence of fellow white wimps and sluts.  

The 'star turn' this evening was young Mistress Dianna, attending her
first meeting, who was showing off her first slave, Mrs. Susan Law, the 32
year old wife of her school football coach.  The 17 year old had
discovered that Mrs. Law was having an affair with one of her husband's
colleagues, and the threat of exposure had gradually put her totally in
Dianna's power. At the moment she was standing before a pair of Mistresses
as they talked, her aroused nipples on show, a short apron barely covering
her well trimmed bush, and wearing sheer black stockings and high heels. 
She had been kept busy serving drinks in her scanty French maid's uniform
all night.  

Mistress Debra, a 24 year old raven haired beauty with a round face and
red succulent lips was testing Mrs. Law.  She had her hand under Susie's
apron and was slowly rubbing her clit.  Sue was holding a full tray of
drinks and obligingly stood still as Mistress Debra stroked her.

"Don't spill a drop, slut," admonished Mistress Dianna, "My friends will
be very angry if you spill their drinks."

Against her will, Mrs. Law's clit sent a thrill through her body, though
she tried very hard to concentrate on the tray of drinks, but Mistress
Debra was very good at what she was doing.  "Spread your legs and get on
your toes," ordered Mistress Debra, "Push your wet pussy towards me,
Susie.  I'm going to make you cum, in front of your Mistress.  I want you
to cum all over my fingers.  Come on Mrs. Law, cum for me, cum for
Mistress Dianna, make her proud of her new slave."

Susan Law's legs began to shake uncontrollably, she was indeed going to
cum all over Mistress Debra's fingers, and she also knew she would be
unable to stop the drinks from spilling.  She could feel Miss Dianna's
eyes on her, and hoped she'd be pleased with her slave's obedience: she
did not relish upsetting the young black girl.  The quivering of her
spread legs grew worse as her passion rose, the glasses began to clang
against each other.  "Oh, Mistress Debra," she moaned, "I'm going to cum,
the glasses, oh...oh.... please don't stop, don't stop."  Debra was amused
to find Mrs. Law was now attempting to grind her pussy against her
fingers, and withdrew her hand slightly to frustrate the middle-aged white
slut.

"Please...Mistress Debra...please touch me."  Mrs. Law was now beyond
resisting her degradation, the feelings from her wet pussy now rode over
her other emotions.  Tears began to trickle down her cheeks even as she
strove for further stimulation from the young black mistress.  Debra
enjoyed teasing her for a few moments, but eventually relented and began
to once again stroke the slut's pussy.  Finally, the waves of orgasm began
to wash over her.  Try as she might, Sue was unable to hold the tray
steady.  The glasses shook and the drinks spilled over the sides and
splashed on the tray and floor.  Remarkably, none tipped over but the
damage was done.

"Oh dear," Mistress Debra sighed in mock disappointment, raising herself
from the sofa to retrieve her crop, "Now I'm going to have to punish you. 
Put the tray down, bend over and spread your ass cheeks."  While Mrs. Law
followed her young tormentor's instructions, Mistress Debra took position
behind her.  Mistress Jean, a full figured 41 year old black bitch with
short, black hair and a beautiful face with high cheekbones, had been
watching the performance with interest from a corner of the room whilst
her slave, a young white teenage cheerleader with a mane of blonde hair,
had been kneeling between her thick thighs pleasuring her with her sweet
young tongue.  She too held a vicious looking whip and went over to lend a
hand.

"Twenty lashes on your asshole," announced Mistress Debra as she raised
the whip and let fly a stinging blow landing directly on her butt hole. 
Mistress Dianna, curled up on the sofa, giggled.  "Don't forget to count
the strokes, Mrs. Law."

Mrs. Law's eyes widened as the first lash hit her.  "Oh yes, Mistress,"
she responded, and counted out loud.  "One, thank you Mistress Debra,
please give me another." 

Mistress Jean approached and stood close behind Mistress Debra.  Reaching
around and in front of her  with the handle of her whip, Mistress Jean
began to rub it up and down across Mistress Debra's pussy.

Mistress Debra continued whipping her slave's asshole as her clit was
manipulated with the whip handle.  Already aroused, her pussy juice
dampened the handle and her passion rose, and the blows to the white
woman's asshole became correspondingly harder and faster.

Mrs. Law was crying for mercy as she lost count of how many blows her
asshole had received.  Mistress Debra's cunt had taken control of the
flogging and it would not stop until she came all over the whip handle.

"Whip the white slut's asshole while I make you cum on my whip," prodded
Mistress Jean, "cum for me baby, cum for me, look at the bitch's white ass
turning red, when you've cum I'll let you shove this wet whip up her wimpy
husband's asshole," her voice getting harsher as she spoke.

That did it, Mistress Debra gave one last lash of the whip, grabbed behind
her for a handful of Mistress Jean's ass, hunched over slightly and stood
motionless as the orgasm washed over her in waves.  The amazing thing
about Mistress Debra was that when she came she wasted no energy on
movement.  Every bit of energy went to the feelings emanating from her
pussy, she just stood there and moaned loudly, each one rising and falling
as the orgasmic wave washed over her.

Mistress Debra's breathless, sweaty body slowly recovered from the orgasm.
When her senses returned to her control she grinned, and looked
expectantly at her friend.

"Mr. Law, get your sissy ass in here ... NOW!"

Richard Law, who had been waiting at the door, minced inside as soon as he
heard the summons from his Mistress.  His wife, still weeping from the
thrashing she had received from Mistress Debra, gaped in astonishment.  He
was dressed as a precocious three year old girl, his hair in ponytails,
wearing a frilly girlie dress of pink satin.  Petticoats worn underneath
his dress rustled as he walked.  He wore white ankle socks with a pink
lace trim, and little girl shoes of patent black leather.  Although she
noticed that his legs had been shaven smooth, she was still unaware that
he had been shaved all over his body.

Mistress Jean sat down on the sofa next to a delighted Mistress Dianna and
laughed out loud at the pathetic specimen toddling towards her.  This was
her 19 year old niece's former school's football coach, the pathetic
husband of the white slut who still knelt before them.  Pauline had
complained about how he had made her life hell a few years back, when she
had been one of only three black cheerleaders, but had recently exacted
delicious revenge on him at Mistress Jean's house.

"Over my lap, sissy-boy." ordered Mistress Jean, eager to continue his
degradation.

Mr. Law obeyed without question, horribly aware of his wife's unbelieving
eyes on him. He had not known she too had been snared.  He lay himself in
the now-familiar position over the statuesque Mistress Jean's legs,
feeling his inexplicably hard cock press down onto her strong thighs.

"I promised Mistress Debra that she could fuck your ass with my whip. 
What would you like to say to her?" said Mistress Jean.

He was perceptive enough to know by now what his Mistress expected of him.
 Obediently, he asked,  "Please, Mistress Debra, please fuck my sissy
asshole with your whip."  His mistress had instructed him to lisp sweetly,
and he did so despite feeling ridiculous.

"Would you like me to spank your sissy-white ass first, Mr. Law?" asked
Mistress Jean.

Mr. Law knew what he'd like, but he was totally in the power of the group
of black dominatrixes.  He had been reporting to Miss Jean's home twice a
week for the last two months, and was by now well under her heel.  He
wished his wife was not there, watching him with her stunned expression. 
But he did not hesitate to give the expected answer.

"Yes, please, Madame. My sissy ass deserves a good spanking."

Young Mistress Dianna was enjoying this episode.  Although it had been she
who had broken in Mrs. Law, this was her first session with Mistress
Jean's conquest, Mrs. Law's husband.  He had not been very pleasant to her
at school and she now reckoned it was time for her revenge.

"Jean, Debra, do you mind if I have a little fun with sissy boy here. 
Mrs. Law bought me a nice new strap-on dildo last week, and I've only used
it on her a couple of times.  Mind if I try it out on my teacher?"

"You go right ahead, honey," replied Mistress Debra, and Mistress Jean
added her agreement, saying  "He's almost used to it by now, the sissy
slut.  I'll just warm his ass up for you while you get ready."

The dildo was strong and thick, about 8 inches long and deepest black in
color.  Diana strapped it around her crotch as Mistress Jean first raised
Mr. Law's petticoats and dress, pulled down his frilly white panties, and
began to spank his white ass.  Dianna couldn't believe how docile he was -
at school he was always shouting at the students, a big, brash jock. 
Here, he was obviously terrified of disobeying his Mistress.  It was
amazing how turned on she was, watching him dressed pathetically as a
little girl, laid over her friends lap getting his ass well and truly
spanked.  As she saw that he was being truly hurt, and fighting to hold
back tears, she got even hotter. 

"I'm ready for the sissy's ass now, Jean." she said, moving towards the
smiling forms of Debra and Jean.  Debra took Mr. Law by the ear and
dragged him over to the frame, strapping him down as he frantically looked
at the young teen he remembered from school.  He also remembered his
rudeness towards her, and now bitterly regretted his racism.  She looked
so sexy and feminine, yet with an 8" plastic dick rearing up before her. 
He knew there would be no escape, but dreaded the act to come.

Mistress Dianna took position behind him and ran her long fingernails over
his red buttocks.  It was excruciatingly painful, but only a taster of
what was to come.

"You may ask Mistress Dianna now, slave." prodded Mistress Jean.

Oh, the indignity.  Bad enough to be sodomised by a Negro girl young
enough to be his daughter, but to have to ask her to do it to him!  He
almost rebelled there, but he had been taken too far by Mistress Jean - he
feared her punishment more than the degradation that awaited him.

"Please fuck my sissy white ass, Mistress Dianna." he replied, lisping
dutifully.

Dianna almost came there and then.  Teasingly, she rubbed the end of her
dildo around his opening, simultaneously rubbing some Vaseline into him
with her fingers.  This wasn't necessary for Mrs. Law, but perhaps she
also should be violated this way, she thought.

She noted how Mr. Law tensed each time he thought she was about to enter
him, and continued keeping him off balance by pulling back, then returning
to his secret place.  She enjoyed playing with him, and waited until he
had almost relaxed before she plunged half her strap-on into his ass.  

Mistress Debra beckoned to Mrs. Law, who had been watching the spectacle
unfolding, aghast.  

"Pleasure me, pussy slave." she said, and Mrs. Law sank to her knees
between Mistress Debra's long, dark legs.  Her tongue snaked into Debra's
succulent young pussy, and she almost forgot what was happening to her
husband as she concentrated on pleasuring the black goddess.

Mistress Jean, her own pussy now flowing in excitement, looked down at
what was transpiring between Mistress Debra and Susan Law. The sights and
sounds enflamed her passion, and she knew that the white couple had now
been totally broken.  She beckoned the blonde cheerleader over, and leaned
back to enjoy her soft mouth. 
  
"White girls are so good at worshipping their betters." she sighed. 
Besides her, Mistress Debra would no doubt have agreed if she had not been
lost in ecstasy herself.

Mistress Angela stood nearby and watched the proceedings with great
interest. She was standing tall in her 5 inch heels, legs spread wide in
order to give greater access to her two white male bosses, one who was
enthusiastically worshipping her asshole with a well-trained tongue while
the other lapped away at her sensitive, exposed clit.  She placed a black
leather-clad glove on each head, pushing them deeper to her as she began
to have yet another earth-shattering orgasm.

"Now, my pretty little sissy," Mistress Dianna began as she leaned forward
over Mr. Law's back and tweaked a sensitive nipple in each hand, "I don't
think you are moving enough, lets see you pump that white ass."

Mr. Law gasped in response as his tormentor's long, sharp fingernails dug
into his abused nipples.  He had no choice, though, and began rotating his
ass back into Mistress Dianna's pussy.  Her dildo was now fully in his
ass, and the pain and humiliation was beginning to give way to a sort of
perverted pleasure..... 




BLACK MADAME 5 (Miss Jean's Houseboy)

After the party at Mistress Angela's house I had thought my humiliation
complete. I had been spanked by Madame in front of her friends and their
slaves, including my wife, who also witnessed me being sodomised by her
own Mistress, Miss Dianna, a young black student at my school who took
enormous delight in fucking my ass with her dildo.  How could things get
any worse?

I learned the next day as I knelt before my Mistress, my ass still on fire
from the previous evening.  My wife was to become Mistress Dianna's
permanent slave, as I was to become Mistress Jean's.  I was to resign from
the school and sell all my worldly possessions, the money to be split
between Mistress Jean and Mistress Dianna.

"Do you have any objections, slave?" asked my Mistress.  Looking up into
her beautiful black face, I wanted to demand my life back, but she
intimidated me far too much now.  I realized, with sadness, that my old
life had gone forever.  I was in Miss Jean's power, and I no longer had
the means to escape her.  I was genuinely afraid of her.  Oddly, a large
part of me also wanted to serve her, and I felt life would be much simpler
with this woman to rule over my every waking moment.

"No, Madame."  She seemed pleased with my reply, if not surprised.  I was
glad my daughter, Amanda, had recently left home.

"Good, slave.  I want you to attend to your affairs immediately, and when
you return I expect to see a large check made out to me.  You will then
become my personal houseboy, and we'll see about removing that horrible
restrainer."

My heart leapt.  I hadn't been allowed to cum in over a week now, and
remembered the glorious pleasure at Miss Jean's hands.  I was desperate
for a relief that I now totally depended on my Mistress to provide, she
holding the only key to the device that kept my penis restrained.  Bending
to kiss the toes of her high heels, I was dismissed and left on my final
act of freedom.  
My house sold remarkably quickly, to a black couple who I suspected had
been informed of the bargain by Mistress Jean, and the young newly-married
black woman insisted I scrub the house from top to bottom before she moved
in.  I soon disposed of all our possessions and cars.  I was ordered to
deliver all my wife's sexy underwear to Mistress Dianna, and couldn't help
wondering how Susan had reacted to the change in our lifestyle. 
Remembering my wife's soft body, I envied the young vixen who relieved me
of her lingerie with a condescending smile.  She had enjoyed fucking my
ass, but I think she enjoyed fucking my wife more, as she seemed partial
to pussy.  I didn't expect I would ever again enjoy my wife's pussy - or
any other woman's pussy, in the conventional manner.

I was finally able to present myself to Miss Jean again, with mixed
feelings. I knew that my last chance of freedom lay before me, but the
hold Madame held over me was complete, and I didn't seriously contemplate
disobeying her.  The month on my own had seemed like an eternity, and I
realized with surprise how much I missed my Mistress.  I had almost had
two "wet dreams", dreaming that my face was buried in her wonderful black
ass, but the cruel restrainer she had locked on my cock prevented any
release.   Mistress seemed pleased and welcomed me back with a solid
spanking, having happily pocketed my life savings.  There would be a party
that weekend, she informed me, where I could serve her friends and
celebrate my new status as a black woman's slave. 

As the weekend approached I was kept busy preparing Miss Jean's large home
for her guests.  Everything had to be scrubbed and dusted, polished and
shined.  Madame made sure I did not slack, making frequent inspection
tours and handing out swift, harsh punishment if she felt anything was not
up to standard.  Of course, Miss Jean was above cleaning, a job she stated
was ideally suited to white sissy-boys, and she spent her days in leisure,
only working up a sweat when she punished my incompetence.  In the
evenings I would kneel between her thick thighs, pleasuring her pussy with
my experienced tongue whilst she watched television.  Her promise to
remove my restrainer seemed forgotten, and I dared not remind her.  My
frustration grew day by day, exasperated by the presence of my beautiful,
sexy owner.

By Saturday morning everything was ready.  I glowed with pride as,
kneeling before her, Mistress told me she was happy with my housework, and
chuckled as she said I'd make a fine wife.  

"And now that the house is in order, we'd better make a start on getting
you ready, sissy."  Madame drove me to her own beauty salon, where I spent
several embarrassing hours being 'prettified' by the colored female staff.
 My fingernails and toenails were all manicured and painted in a deep pink
color.  My hair, by now quite long, was cut and styled in a very feminine
look, and my eyebrows were plucked and shaped.  Most embarrassing, the
owner of the salon, Miss Alison, lay me face-up over her lap and shaved
off my pubic hair, saying that my Mistress wanted me smooth all over. 
Much to her amusement I began to cry at the symbolic removal of my last
shred of masculinity, and the other ladies came over to laugh at my
profound shame.  It seemed to me the final proof that Madame did not
consider me a real man.

To do the job properly Miss Jean had provided Miss Alison with the key to
my restrainer.  When it was removed my penis sprang quickly to full
erection.  This provided even more amusement.  A very young, and very
pretty, assistant of around 15 was asked to come and look at her first
white dick.  
Approaching, she stood by my head, where I was able to get a close look at
her tight denim-clad crotch.

"Doesn't it get no bigger?" asked the young innocent.  There was wild
laughter all around as I continued to lie across Miss Alison's lap.  I was
by now well acquainted with the cruelty of black women to white men, but
it didn't get any easier.

"Oh no, honey, that's as big as he's ever likely to get." laughed one of
the beauticians.

"He's probably outdoing himself, sugar, what with that leather restrainer
being locked on him so long." laughed another of the ladies.  The young
girl reached out and took me in her hand.  

"But I can wrap my fingers right around him.  I ain't never been able to
do that to no man before!"

"Lori, that's no man there!  And you've never touched white meat before
anyway, have you?"  My heart was pounding.  The girl's hand, simply
wrapped around my cock, was bringing me close to orgasm.  I wanted so much
to cum, but was terrified of the shame, and the consequences.

"Careful there, girl.  That little white cock looks like it's enjoying
itself too much.  We don't want it spitting at us, now do we?"  I gritted
my teeth in frustration as Miss Lori removed her hand from my erection.

"He's actually not too bad, for a white boy," put in Miss Alison kindly,
"I've seen a couple, and he's about average."

"Average?" asked Miss Lori, incredulously, and began to laugh herself. 
"Well, I'm glad I ain't never messed about with no white boys.  I couldn't
have kept my face straight, that's a fact."

Miss Alison finished shaving me, and asked one of the appreciative crowd
to fetch her a bag of ice.  Miss Lori hurried to get one, and when she
returned it was placed on my rock-hard cock.  I half expected a loud
sizzling noise as my hot erection was quickly reduced to its even smaller
flaccid size, and I was locked up once again in my hated restrainer.

Miss Jean returned to collect me, many long hours later.  I was made to go
around each member of staff and thank them very much for their attention. 
Miss Lori laughed in my face and dismissed me with the most contemptuous
look I have ever seen.  By contrast, Miss Alison took my face between her
hands and kissed me long and hard, slipping her tongue into my mouth.  I
struggled to keep my hands by my sides, knowing that it was not my place
to respond as I desperately wanted by pulling the sexy black woman into my
arms.  My cock tried to erect as she pushed her body into mine, but the
arousal only caused me pain.  When she released me she winked.  "See you
tonight, sissy." she smiled, knowing exactly how much she had frustrated
me and clearly enjoying her power.

Back home, Miss Jean did my makeup.  I had expected to be made to look
like a slut, but the pale pink lipstick, which matched my nail varnish,
made me look more like a young teenaged girl.  The theme was confirmed
when Miss Jean produced my outfit for the night - a pink and white
cheerleader's uniform.  The only alteration, it seemed, was that I would
be required to wear pink 3" stiletto's over the short socks, rather than
sneakers.  And my skirt was much shorter than the girls at school wore!  I
was made to first don a very brief and sexy bra and panty set in white
satin, over which my cheerleader's dress snugly fitted.  I was then given
some cheerleading instruction from my Mistress.  

It was so embarrassing, but I wanted to please my owner and was a quick
learner, having been watching the cheerleaders at school for over 10
years.

"Now remember, sissy.  When the chant is 'Fuck the Bitch, Fuck the Bitch,
Harder, Harder!' what do you do?"

"I sway my hips from side to side in time to the 'Fuck the Bitch' part,
Madame.  And I grind my ass in a wide circle at each 'Harder'."

"Well done, sissy.  Now, keep practicing while I get myself ready.  I
don't want you to let me down tonight!"  

Despite the humiliation, I knew I also didn't want to let my Mistress
down.  I wanted her to be proud of me.  I also wanted to avoid her
punishment. 




BLACK MADAME 6  (The Finale)  

Although still reluctant to humiliate myself before other black ladies, I
had by now plenty of practice, and expected that I would be able to serve
my Mistress' guests competently.  I managed to retain my composure when I
welcomed the first guests, Mistress Angela and Mistress Debra, dropping a
perfect curtsey and prostrating myself at their feet to ask permission to
kiss their shoes.  Shortly afterwards, Mistress Dianna turned up, with my
wife on a leash, but I managed to greet the young domina with submissive
respect, trying to avoid my wife's ashamed eyes.  My wife's arms were
bound behind her back, and she wore an extremely short, white dress which
displayed three or four inches of soft thigh above her virginal white
stocking tops.  My heart missed a beat as I thought I caught a glance of
bare pussy under her skirt, but I was allowed no time to stare as Miss
Dianna led her off behind her, tottering on white 4" high heels, with a
dismissive glance at me.

I was bracing myself for Mistress Pauline, Miss Jean's 19 year old niece
who had brutally taken my "virginity" with her strap-on early in my
training.  She had cause to hate me, as I had to admit I had treated her,
and her colored friends, badly at school, and she had tortured me with
enthusiasm.  I had expected her to arrive with her friend, Mistress Cindy,
who had given me a sound thrashing after Miss Pauline had finished raping
my ass, or even with her mother, Ms. Veronica, who also had witnessed my
slide into slavery, and had dealt a harsh beating to my ass.  I was
shocked, however, when she appeared on the doorstep with a tall, powerful
looking black man.

Mistress Jean had been watching closely for this moment.  She knew I was
now broken to her will, but was keen to see my humiliation in the presence
of a real man, not a white wimp like I'd been exposed to at the last
month's gathering.  I felt myself flush deeply, and was acutely conscious,
beneath his grinning gaze, of how  ridiculous I looked.  I found myself
unconsciously pressing my smooth legs together, trying to make my short
skirt longer.  Trying to look less sexy!  

"Welcome, Miss Pauline, and...er....Sir.  I am Sweet Sissy."  Blushing, I
dropped a nervous curtsey to them both, trying to ignore their cruel
grins.  I tried to cover my embarrassment by kneeling to kiss Mistress
Pauline's shiny boots, then with only slight hesitation, the black man's.

"Why, thank you, Sweet Sissy.  But I think Master Michael would like to be
greeted by a kiss from that lovely mouth of yours."

I looked at Mistress Pauline in astonishment.  I had never kissed a man
before, and had absolutely no interest in doing so.  I would gladly have
kissed the beautiful Pauline, who's forbidden lips taunted me beneath
their glossy lipstick.  From the corner of my eye I noticed a stern look
crossing Miss Jean's face, and realized that I would face her wrath very
shortly if I failed to obey.  Approaching the grinning man, I saw that,
even in my high heels, I would have to stand on my toes to reach his
mouth.  Fighting the feeling of revulsion in the pit of my stomach I
stretched my neck and pressed my pink lips to his.

He returned my kiss with passion, parting my lips and inserting his tongue
deep inside my mouth.  I felt his hand grasp the back of my head, and his
other arm reached around behind me, under my short skirt to slip beneath
my brief panties to caress my bare bottom with a large, unmistakably male
hand. A finger brushed against my clenched asshole and I heard him
chuckle.  Miss Pauline was looking at me triumphantly as her boyfriend
broke off the kiss.

"That was very sweet, sissy boy," he said, as I tried to regain my
composure, "Perhaps I'll feel those soft lips around my cock later?"

I was shocked, and looked to my Mistress for support.  I was her slave, I
was not a fag, had never before had any homosexual leanings.  I could
never suck another man's cock.  My heart sank as Miss Jean simply winked
before turning to converse with Miss Debra.

"See you later, slut." said Miss Pauline, leaving me to welcome some new
arrivals - two young black men!

It then became accepted practice that each man was greeted with a loving
kiss from me.  I had to fix my lipstick several times, and lost count of
the number of fingers which pushed themselves into my ass.  Pretty soon
the house was filled with Miss Jean's friends.  The majority of the guests
were black men and women, but several white slaves had been brought along
for entertainment.  I noticed Mistress Dianna standing talking to a
middle-aged black couple, and could see that her hand was under my wife's
short skirt, absent mindedly frigging her pussy as she conversed.  My wife
submissively accepted her young owner's attentions, and in fact I was sure
I saw several sighs of pleasure escape her lips.  I felt brief jealousy,
before I was down at the feet of a couple of late arrivals.

I was eventually called to help serve drinks, and spent the next few hours
fetching and serving.  Tonight's roles seemed well defined - three white
slavegirls, including my wife, were there to provide pleasure to any
Master or Mistress who desired it, and the five houseboys, including
myself, were there to serve the food and drinks.  We were kept very busy,
and I desperately strove to avoid catching the eye of any of the men.  

Even I could see that the evening was going to be a roaring success.  The
guests were all enjoying themselves immensely, and I saw that, for a few
of them, this was their first taste of putting whites in their place.  One
young girl, attending with her mother, was very hesitant at first, as she
looked to be a sensitive, caring person who was alarmed at the abuse being
meted out to fellow human beings.  Within an hour, though, she was
joyously whipping the upturned ass of one of the slavegirls - who I
overheard had been a bitchy classmate of the black girl's, and who had
tried to steal her boyfriend a few weeks previously.  The young schoolgirl
- Miss Rachel, I later discovered - soon accepted the common view that
white slaves are not really 'people' and, as such, she need show no
concern for their welfare.  And yet another black female discovers the
joys of domination, I thought cynically, and began to wonder just how
widespread this lifestyle was amongst the black community.

As the evening drew on, Mistress Jean called me over, informing me that it
was my turn to provide some entertainment.  I was told to get up on the
coffee table.  Mistress then produced the key to my restrainer and
proceeded to free my imprisoned cock.  My joy was tempered with
trepidation - I knew that, whatever was planned, it was unlikely that I'd
enjoy it.  

Handing me my twin pom-poms, Miss Jean ordered me to begin my routine. 
Conversations around the room faltered and ceased as the guests turned to
view the spectacle of a middle-aged white male sports teacher putting on a
sexy cheerleading show for them.  Forcing my pink lips into a wide smile,
I began to move my body as required.  I knew I couldn't kick my legs up as
high as the girls at school, but the guests seemed to enjoy the show,
especially when my little white panties were glimpsed below my swirling
skirt.  I dropped one of the pom-poms once, and Miss Rachel handed it up
to me with a smile.  She was now thoroughly enjoying the revelations the
party had to offer.  I felt my stiff cock straining through the front of
my panties, and it formed a little tent as my skirt was pushed out a few
inches at the front.

The routine lasted only 15 minutes or so, but it seemed to me like a
lifetime.  Most disturbing was the appreciative looks I drew from the men,
and I began to understand how women could be offended when they were
regarded as 'sex objects.'  When I'd finished there was warm applause, and
Miss Jean herself handed me a glass of cool water, smiling her approval at
me as I recovered from my exertions.  I felt vastly relieved that she was
pleased, but knew more torment was to come. 

"Assume the sissy-display position, Mr. Law." commanded Miss Jean,
relieving me of the water.  I hastened to obey, spreading my legs wide,
back straight, backs of hands on hips and eyes lowered. I pushed my crotch
forward, and, unbidden, my little white dick suddenly freed itself from
its silky prison and pushed forward from under my skirt, going on display
for all to enjoy.  Madame was delighted, this couldn't have been planned
better, and there were loud whoops of ridicule from her friends.  

I remained the center of attention for another 10 minutes or so, listening
while everyone made comments about how cute I looked in my sexy uniform,
or how little my sissy dick was and how ridiculous I looked trying to
impress everyone with it.  Miss Rachel, after some encouragement from her
mother, reached out and gave my cock a couple of very hard smacks with her
hand, which brought tears to my eyes.  I heard Miss Dianna say, in a loud
voice, that she felt sorry for my wife, which brought more laughter as
everyone turned to look at my 36 year old spouse, still tethered to the
end of Dianna's leash.

"Why don't one of you men show my bitch what she's been missing?" asked
Miss Dianna.  Several men stepped forward at once, obviously keen to fuck
my wife's pussy, which by now was soaking wet, having been softly stroked
by her Mistress's experienced hand for most of the night.  There was some
light hearted argument amongst the studs as to who should do the honors.

"Oh, you can all fuck my bitch," laughed the young goddess, enjoying the
look of horrified acceptance now settling over my wife's lovely features. 
"We just have to decide who gets to go first!"

My Mistress then looked up at me with a malicious smile on her lips and
took charge of the proceedings.

"We should let Sweet Sissy decide who gets to fuck his slut wife." she
said. All eyes were suddenly back on me, not least of all my wife's.  

"Sissy, I want you to go and give a sexy kiss to the man you think should
take your wife's virginity!" instructed my Mistress.  Looking down at the
crowd, I knew I had no choice but to obey.  I stepped down from the coffee
table and approached the first man in the crowd, who I recognized as
Master Michael.  He grinned down at me but made no move to bring me to
him.  This I'd have to do myself.  Reaching up, I pressed my pink lips to
his, steeling myself for the tongue that I correctly guessed would quickly
follow.  It was a brief kiss, and I was sent back to my position on the
coffee table as he took my wife's leash from Miss Dianna's hands.

"Take my cock out and give me head, bitch." I heard him say as he forced
my wife to her knees before him.  Desperately, I hoped my wife would
refuse, but watched in sadness as she released his monster - without doubt
the biggest cock I'd ever seen, even bigger than the dildo's that had been
used on me by Miss Pauline and Miss Dianna.  I wanted to close my eyes,
but couldn't tear them away as I watched her give an expert blow job to
the large Negro.

Miss Alison started the chant, which began softly before being taken up by
the crowd.

"Suck his cock!  Suck his cock!  Harder!  Harder!"

It slowly dawned on me that this was my cue.

"Suck his cock!  Suck his cock!  Harder!  Harder!"

Miss Jean looked up at me and raised an eyebrow in expectation.

I heard a girlish laugh of glee from Miss Rachel as I began to move my
hips in time to the chanting.  

"Suck his cock!  Suck his cock!"  I swayed my hips from side to side.

"Harder!  Harder!"  I grinded my ass in a circle. I was the embodiment of
the sexy white cheerleader.  Except I was not encouraging a team.  I was
encouraging my wife to suck a black man's monster penis.  I tried to
remember the last time my cock has been in a woman's mouth.  Many months
ago, it seemed.  Trudi Simpson, the head teacher's obliging young 16 year
old daughter.  And the one who had, indirectly, gotten me into this mess. 


I noticed the chants begin to change.  "Fuck the bitch!  Fuck the bitch! 
Harder!  Harder!"  In my reverie I hadn't noticed that my wife was now on
her back.  Her hands had been released, and they were wrapped around the
stud's muscular back, just as her legs, encased in their white stockings,
were wrapped tightly around his waist.  I could hear her gasping in
pleasure above the chants of the crowd as Master Michael thrust manfully
into her, providing her with a thorough, expert fucking.

"Fuck the bitch!  Fuck the bitch!  Harder!  Harder!"  I ground my sexy ass
from side to side, hands clasped firmly behind my head.  It was a
nightmare and I longed to wake up from it.

There were seven black men at the party, and all of them took their turn
fucking my willing wife, one after the other.  At one time she had a cock
up her pussy, another in her mouth, and one in each hand.  Two of the men
came in her mouth.  She swallowed every drop of one of them, but the other
pulled out and sprayed his thick cum all over her naked breasts.  She had
orgasm after orgasm, and I would never have believed my wife could have
behaved so lewdly.  The ladies present congratulated Miss Dianna on her
slave's training, compliments that made the young domina beam with pride.

When the final man had been sated Miss Jean beckoned me down from my
pedestal.

"It's time you thanked the gentlemen for giving your wife such pleasure,
Mr. Law."

"Yes, Madame." I groaned inwardly as I approached the first man, aware
that everyone was watching me with interest.

"Sir, please allow me to thank you for fucking my wife."

The young stud looked at me with clear contempt.  "Your wife's got a nice,
tight pussy, white boy.  Or she used to, anyway, till me and the brothers
stretched it for her."  He laughed.

I went around each man, respectfully thanking them for pleasuring my wife.
 My heart skipped a beat when I approached the last one, Master Michael.

"Sir," I began hesitantly, "Please allow me to thank you for fucking my
wife."

"Well, it was no problem, Sweet Sissy.  The bitch obviously needed a
proper fucking, since your sorry ass was incapable of it."

I dropped a curtsey, and was about to take my leave when he froze my
heart. "What about that blow job you promised me, sexy lips?"

I looked at him, dreading what was to come.  "I...I can't.  Please don't
ask me."

I will never forget the look of anger that suddenly crossed his face.  He
reached out and grabbed me by the neck, and dragged me over to the sofa. 
Sitting down, he pulled me, struggling ineffectively against his strength,
over his knee.

"I'll teach you to refuse me, you little slut."

I felt him pulling down my satin panties, as his other hand firmly held my
arms together behind my back.  

"Take this, white boy."

I gasped in astonishment as the first blow came down on my naked ass.  The
pain seemed to shoot throughout my body and, had I not been forcibly held
down, I would have leapt 6 feet into the air.  Before I could recover
another blow landed, then another.  My world seemed to suddenly
crystallize as everything became clear.  It was like a dream sequence from
a movie.  I could see myself, stretched across Master Michael's lap,
receiving a severe spanking on my tender white ass.  My feet, in their
pink stiletto's, waved in the air in useless protest.  My wife watched,
through heavy eyelids, still recovering from her own sexual pleasures.  My
Mistress, fondling young Miss Rachel's slim neck, watched my final
humiliation with satisfaction; the sounds of my sobbing was music to her
ears.  She bent to whisper something to Miss Rachel, and the young girl
laughed shyly.

Before I knew it I was kneeling between Master Michael's legs, releasing
his hardening cock from his pants.  There was no hesitation as I bent my
head to take him between my pink lips.  

Miss Alison was enjoying herself with Miss Cindy, both locked in a deep
embrace that excluded all others, whilst a houseboy fetched her strap-on
dildo.  Miss Pauline, similarly, was kissing one of the black men,
enjoying the attentions of another of the houseboys who had his head up
under her skirt and was worshipping her young ass.  Miss Angela sat down
on a slavegirl's face, throwing her head back in pleasure as the white
girl's educated tongue began its work.  Miss Dianna grabbed Miss Rachel's
white classmate and ordered her to service her pussy, as two houseboys
knelt at her feet, each taking a big toe into their mouth as the 17 year
old lay back to enjoy the sensations the white schoolgirl was producing in
her pussy.

I gently sucked on Master Michael's fully erect cock, running my tongue up
and down its massive length, teasing it with soft bites.  I could feel him
begin to throb.

Three of the men had disappeared into one of the bedrooms, pulling my wife
behind them.  Thick cum was dripping down her thighs, staining the tops of
her stockings.  She seemed eager for more black dick, even though her
pussy was throbbing from the previous attentions of the black men.  Before
Susan disappeared into the bedroom she glanced back at me briefly, pity
and scorn mixed equally in her beautiful blue eyes.

Master Michael fired his seed into my mouth, holding the back of my head
to ensure I swallowed it all.  I did my best, but was unable to prevent
some escaping, which dribbled out the corner of my widely stretched mouth,
down onto my chin.

I heard the sighs of pleasure all around me, mixed with the strong groans
from my Master above me.  The party was turning into an orgy, with ebony
skinned men and women exercising their dominance over their white skinned
slaves.  Another black man sat down next to my Master and unzipped his
fly.  I felt pain as Sir grasped my hair and pulled me from his cock,
transferring my mouth to that of his friend besides him, as my ordeal
began again.

I felt peace descending over me as I knew that this was where I truly
belonged.  All the years of machismo and delusion were behind me now.  No
longer was I a proud member of the white race, a husband, a father, a man.
 I had found my place at the feet of the superior black race, and would
remain their willing, grateful slave for the rest of my days. 


THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cmoon01


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





