BDSM Library - Sister Sue




Sister Sue
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Story about a young boy who peeps in on his sister and husband "playing" and the torments that follow.
Sister Sue
by Ed (EdNNJ42@aol.com)

This fictional story contains graphical sexual/kinky/disturbing situations. Some
parts deal with incest, animals, scat and torture. DO NOT READ if you are a
minor or reading it would violate any law in the state/country where you reside.
Do not distribute or post this story without the author's permission (which he
usually gives). Please email author with any criticism (good or bad). Flames are
ignored.




Sister Sue (Part 1,2)

The Fall of 85 will be a time I always remember. My name is Paul, I had just
turned 18. My sister Sue was five years older than I was. Three years ago she
married Ted, a man in his mid thirties. He was a big stocky construction worker.
My sister was small, just over five feet, and very pretty. I had always
fantasized about fucking her. Once I went through her drawers while she was
away. I found her bra (size 34C) and jerked off in its satiny folds. Once I even
tried on her soiled panties! I wondered what she saw in him. My sister was very
quiet and shy where he was loud and boisterous. Sometimes I didn't like the way
he treated her. He seemed to like me though. Many times he took me to his gym
and tried to put some muscle on my frail frame. I appreciated his efforts but
the exercises were too strenuous for me to keep up. Once some jerk started
teasing me in the locker room. "Are you sure you have the right room sissy? The
girl's lockers are down the hall. I bet my pinky is bigger than your dick!" Ted
stepped before him,  with one look the man shut-up and apologized. I admired his
muscles and the way he cared for me. After my conservative and sheltered
upbringing, it felt good to be around a man's man.

That weekend Ted had asked me to come over to help rake up the leaves. Since
this was a paying job, I was anxious to get going. Even though he said to come
by after lunch, I thought I'd get an early start and be finished before then. I
biked over to the house and went into the backyard. Their dog, Simka, came
running over to me. Simka was a large boxer. He was the kind of dog that would
scare away any intruder but, in realty, was very gentle and affectionate. Trying
to move his 100+ pounds off of me was no easy task as he licked my face and
hair. I finally freed myself and took up the rake. Walking over to the end of
the house I started in on the leaves. After a few moments I heard a strange
noise coming from inside. Every so often a loud "smack" echoed through the
window. Being curious, I rolled the picnic table under it and gingerly stepped
up. Peering through the bedroom window I saw a site I'll never forget. My sister
was tied and suspended from the ceiling. Her toes barely touched the ground. She
wore a crotchless black body stocking. In her mouth was, what looked like, a
large black dildo. A black scarf covered her eyes. Ted stood next to her feeling
all around her body. I could see her nipples coming through the sheer skin as he
brushed his hand over them. Taking her dainty nylon covered foot, he sucked on
her toes through the material. Drawing the sheer fabric into his mouth he bit on
it, then nibbled on her feminine feet. Every few minutes he would stop feeling
her and land a large "smack" on her ass. I was torn between rushing in and
letting him have it, running away or staying there watching. My throbbing dick
wouldn't let me go. I saw him take his hand and roughly grab her shaven pussy
lips, drawing them out of the crotchless opening. He kneaded them between his
fingers. My sister's head went back and I imagined her moaning into the thick
phallus. Simka, having enough of being ignored, started to bark. I jumped off
the table and quickly picked up the rake. As I feverishly stroked the dead
leaves, Ted opened the window.

"What are you doing here so early", he growled. "I thought I told you to come by
after lunch. How long have you been here? Why did you move my fuckin picnic
table?"

I stammered something and said I'll go and come back later. Walking briskly out
the gate, I picked up my bike and started to peddle away. Ted opened the door
and shouted after me. "You don't have to go! Theirs something I want to talk to
you about". Part of me wanted to peddle away like I hadn't heard him, the other
part was curious enough to stop. I peddled back over to the porch. There Ted
stood with a big grin on his face.

"Come on in. No need to hurry off. Let's sit down and talk awhile." I followed
him into the living room. Sitting across from me, he leaned forward. "So tell
me, what did you see?" He said it so calmly, I was taken back by the tone in his
voice. "You know me and your sister like to play our little games. Did you enjoy
watching? I bet your dick loved the show. Did you get hard?" With that last
question I sat up and headed for the door. Ted stopped me by grabbing my wrist.
"I'm not going to hurt you. I just want the truth. Maybe this will help you
along." With those words he lifted his fingers up to my nose, they still held
the scent of my helpless sister. "Breath it in.", he whispered. "Breath in the
sweet scent of your slut sister. Picture my fingers up her wet cunt getting all
juicy. Imagine her sticky cum gliding down her slit. Is my little buddy getting
hard? Do you want to see her up close?"  The small bulge in my pants betrayed
me. All the carnal thoughts I had while rummaging in her underwear draw came
flooding back. I nodded my head yes.

My legs trembled as we made our way into the bedroom. Opening the door, there
she swung. Her arms were fully distended over her head. Thickly padded cuffs
held her wrists firmly on a suspended chain. She struggled to keep her toes on
the floor. We walked over to her front. I could see the end of a large black
dildo in her mouth. Held in place by a thin leather strap. Large pieces of white
silicone jutted from her ears. Taking my hand Ted guided it into her sex. The
opening felt so warm and slimy. Taking my finger he rubbed it against a small
bud at the top of her pussy. My sister convulsed as we rubbed the spot. "That's
her clit. Most tender spot on a woman. You stroke it gently and it's like
heaven. You squeeze it hard and it's pure torture. Squeeze it Paul. Make her
twist. She loves the pain." With my dick throbbing I squeezed her clit. Sue
tried to squirm away from my grasp. "I said squeeze the fuckin thing Paul! Try
to tear it out!" I pinched harder and pulled the small bud away from her pussy.
I could hear her moan as her toes left the ground. Her body thrashed as I swung
her with the distended clit. As she swang, Ted soundly smacked her round ass.
"Great Paul, I knew you wouldn't betray me. We gotta teach this little slut a
lesson. Let's hear her moan." Ted removed the dildo from her throat. Sue
immediately started making guttural sounds like I never heard before. Half
screaming, half moaning she begged Ted not to stop. Once again I rubbed her
sweet clit as Ted came from behind and squeezed her tits. Realizing there was
someone else in the room she started to cry out. Ted put his hand over her mouth
as I slid more of my fingers up her sweet pussy. Soon she got the idea and
started to moan once more. Ted continued to tease her nipples through the sheer
fabric as my hand worked farther up her sex. "Fuck her Paul! Fuck our little
bitch slut with your hand!" I knelt down before her and shoved my hand deep
within her womb. She cried out as tears flowed into the silk scarf over her
eyes. I started my fucking motion. All the way in, all the way out my fist flew.
Her pussy made a popping sound each time my wrist left her dripping cunt. Her
body stiffened each time it rammed itself back in and worked its way up her
tunnel. "Enough of this shit Paul. Now it's time for a real fucking." With those
words Ted released her breasts and ordered me to extract my hand. I stood and
watched as he forced Sue's legs apart and cuffed a long bar to each of her
dainty ankles. She cried in pain as she now swung freely unable to stand. He
then took a length of chain and attached it to the middle of the bar. Lifting
the bar, along with Sue's legs, he attached the other chain end to the hook
holding up Sue's wrists. Stepping back he examined his work. Poor Sue was now
swinging well off the ground with her ass fully exposed. "Now Paul the REAL fun
starts." Ted quickly unbuckled his pants and let them fall to the floor. As he
took off his briefs, I saw his monster cock emerge. My jaw hung down as I
studied the size. I had seen it at the gym when it was flaccid. Now, it was
erect and at least 10 inches long and as thick as my wrist. I didn't realize
they could grow so big. Ted went over to Sue and thrust a finger through the
nylon mesh and up her ass. She screamed as the thick, dry finger wiggled up her
chute. Soon he started to vigorously pump the digit in and out of her opening.
Sue's screams soon turned to moans. Taking his finger all the way out I could
see it was covered with brown shit. "Well, looks like my little slut is
supplying her own lube." Ted then grabbed Sue's hair and forced his shit covered
finger into her mouth. Soon her revulsion turned to compliance as I saw her
cheeks contract. I could imagine her sweet tongue licking off the digit as her
mouth sucked the finger clean. Taking out his finger, Ted now grabbed both her
legs. Centering his cock head, he speared her cunt. Grabbing tight on her flesh
he thrust the monster into her. Sue gurgled animal sounds, as he continued his
assault. Once fully inside, he started a frenzied fucking motion. Holding her
legs, he swung her onto his dick as he pushed his hips out to impale the
dripping hole. With each assault Sue cried "harder! Fuck me harder!"  After a
short while Ted stopped his motion. His dick was fully extended and dripping
with Sue's juice. With an evil grin he nestled the massive blue head between
Sue's cheeks. I stepped forward to stop him but was too late. As his face
strained to enter the small opening Sue screamed in pain. I imagined the small
rim trying to hold back the massive pole. Ted's strength prevailed. With a loud
moan he gripped tight on Sue's flesh and drove the monster deep into her bowels.
Sue's head thrashed from side to side amidst the loud screams. Drops now flowed
freely down her cheeks, from the tear soaked scarf. Fully impaled, he rested the
monster within her. Soon her cries subsided and she gave in to her fate. Ted
resumed a less vigorous fucking motion. Slowly I saw the monster inch its way
out of the hole. Covered with a brown tinge, it withdrew just to the bulbs base.
Slowly it then worked its way back inside the warm recess. This continued for
quite some time. Sue was in a constant state of moaning and whimpering. Ted then
called me over. "Paul, grab her around the tits. I want you to hold her steady.
I'm almost ready to cum." As instructed, I held her tight around the chest. Ted
withdrew his dick completely. Getting a new grasp on her legs, he again
positioned his massive head at the brown opening. Pushing in he immediately
started a fast fucking. Only the huge bulb made it's way in and out of the small
hole. Sue was screaming to push in deeper. Ignoring her, only the tip kept
flying in and out. Just before Ted came, he gave a massive push that almost
knocked me off my feet. With the monster buried deep in Sue's bowels, he flooded
her deep recesses with cum. Sue screamed in unison to the giant eruption within
her.

Ted and myself sat on the bed to rest. It was almost surreal as my sister swung
and moaned a few feet before us. "I think it's time she saw who our partner is",
bellowed Ted. He went over and removed the plugs from Sue's ears, next he
removed the scarf around her eyes. Ted grabbed her hair and forced her to look
in my direction. As her vision cleared she started to cry as she saw me on the
bed. Ted put his hand over her mouth. "Paul is no longer your brother, he's here
to punish you. His hand was up your pussy and squeezed your clit. Now I'm going
to let you down. I want you to crawl, just like I taught you. Only this time
you'll be doing Paul." Ted took some time to lower Sue to the ground and remove
her bonds. All the while he kept calling her his "little slut". On the floor and
trembling Sue looked so helpless. My dick was never so hard. "You know what to
do slut", Ted commanded, "Get going." Sue started crawling across the floor to
where I sat. Kneeling before me, she gently took my sneakers off and laid them
under the bed. Next she pulled off my socks, folded them and placed them in the
sneakers. Looking up at me she then took my bare foot and kneaded it on her lap.
She Worked her gentle fingers over the sweaty sole and heals. Pushing the heel
against her shaved pussy, she then started massaging my toes. Leaning down she
managed to get my toes in her mouth. Like a prized dick, she licked and sucked
on my big toe. After a while she finished and started on the other foot. Finally
done she laid my foot down on the plush carpet. Looking deep in my eyes she
leaned forward and undid my belt and zipper. Grasping the waist she slowly slid
my pants and underwear down my legs. Folding my pants, she placed them aside. My
dick was throbbing against my bursting balls. Expertly she took her small hand
and caressed my pole. Still looking at me, she placed her mouth over the purple
head. Her tongue flicked my pee spot and I couldn't help but moan. Moving her
head down she engulfed my shaft. Up and down her head slowly bobbed. It wasn't
long before a thick stream of cum slid down her sweet throat. I could feel her
mouth sucking on my hole, trying to devour the last few drops of nectar. As Sue
started to let go of my shaft, Ted came over and pushed her head tight against
my crotch. "Not yet my little bitch! The fun has just started. Don't you dare
move your mouth off his cock till I say so." With those words, Ted left the
room. He came back a few minutes later with Simka in tow. "Watch this Paul. It
took awhile, but we finally got him trained." Simka came over to Sue and
immediately started to lick her ass and pussy. His long and thick tongue filled
Sue as she moaned into my cock. Seeing the pole peer out of its sheath, Ted then
ordered Simka to mount Sue. With my eyes bulging, I saw this massive dog put his
paws up on Sue's poor back. His nails tore the black lace bodysuit as he tried
to find her hole. With a little help from Ted, Simka pushed his massive boner
home. Sue again moaned into my dick. Ted beamed, "Would you believe it's almost
8 inches! When it knots up it's as thick as your wrist!" It felt funny looking
into Simka's eyes as he humped away. His mouth drool spattered on my sisters
back as his massive body heaved his sex in and out. Sue grabbed around my naked
ass to steady herself. Her tongue again swirled on my dick in rhythm to the dogs
pounding. Suddenly Simka stopped. My sister let out muffled cries as her mouth
worked feverishly on my shaft. Her fingernails dug into my ass as her body
tensed. "Simka is making his knot now. Imagine that thick dick twisting itself
in Sue's cunt, stretching her insides. Think of all that dog cum coating her
slippery walls." Between Ted's narration and Sue's mouth action I soon became
hard again. "Don't cum to soon Paul. There's still one little show to put on."
Ted yelled.

After a while Simka's knot disappeared and he pulled out. Ted pulled back Sues
head from my rod just as I was about to cum. Frustrated, my dick throbbed as Ted
pointed Sue over to Simka. Without saying a word, Sue lay under the dog and took
the unsheathed portion of cock in her mouth, sucking out the last vestige of
sperm. After a few minutes Ted led Simka from the room. Sue continued to lie on
the floor. Her torn catsuit was thick with the odor of sweat and sex. Ted
returned with a bottle of water. As he straddled her chest he drank the bottle
down. As he was drinking a large stream of piss flowed out his shaft coating
Sue's breasts. Directing the heavy stream he aimed for her open mouth. I was
amazed she could swallow such a massive amount of warm, yellow liquid. I could
see her throat quickly contracting as it tried to gulp it all down. Finished,
Ted then knelt down on all fours. Dutifully, Sue came behind him and started to
lick his brown hole. I watched in amazement as Sue's tongue darted in and out of
the dark recess. Ted moaned and I could see his cock start to swell. Ted kept
yelling "deeper" and Sue tried to comply. The two of them kept this up for a
long time. My cock was now aching, desperate for relief. Ted finally broke the
"tongue hold" by sitting on the floor. "Too bad I took such a big crap this
morning. If I knew you were coming, I would have held it in. Pity, I really
wanted you to see how well she can scarf down a big load of shit. Oh well, onto
the finale." Ted lay down on the floor, his massive erection sticking straight
up. Sue dutifully mounted him, inching her creamy cunt down his thick pole.
"Paul I want you to go get Mark, he should be up from his nap". With those words
Sue's face tightened. "No Ted! Not Mark! Not in front of Paul! Please I'll do
anything." Sue began sobbing uncontrollably. Ted just grinned and lifted his
knees up, forcing Sue to fall forward. Kneading her cheeks he began a vigorous
fucking motion. Hot and sweaty Ted called to me, "Paul kneel between her legs
and fuck her ass!" I was hesitant at first but, with a nasty look from Ted,
decided to obey. Getting behind the heaving ass, I took a strong hold on my
sister's hips. Positioning myself, I touched the tip to her brown hole. Sue had
stopped crying and was moaning her approval. Slowly my dick head pushed through
her anal opening. Her tight hole hugged me as I slid inside. I could feel Ted's
cock move in and out through the delicate anal walls. The waves of friction it
caused felt wonderful against my shaft. Sue started to moan louder when Ted
abruptly stopped. He rolled over, knocking Sue and myself to the floor. My dick
popped out of Sue's ass as I toppled onto the carpet. Sue's sweaty body was
heaving as she cried for release. My own prick seemed to have a life of it's
own, as it humped the air. "Okay now my little slut, tell Paul what you want him
to do." Sue was breathless as she looked at me. Half crying, half begging she
said softly, "Paul please bring Mark here." I stood up as Ted grinned his
approval. Walking to Marks room I had second thoughts of what I should do. The
toddler was playing in his crib as I arrived. Naked except for a diaper, I
reached down and picked him up. I could hear his shit squish against the
absorbent folds. His bare foot grazed my semi-erect cockhead. Looking at the
innocent boy a thousand thoughts were racing through me as I heard my sister
cry, "Bring him here Paul. He won't be hurt. He's done this before." Hearing his
mother, the boy squirmed out of my arms and down my legs. Racing off to the
bedroom, I followed after him. As I entered, Ted was again on his back with my
sister straddling his pole. Mark stood next to Ted as Sue removed his soiled
diaper. Without a word, Mark took the stinky cloth and threw it into a bin.
Running back to his mother he knelt down over Ted's chest, his dirty ass stuck
up in the air. Sue turned to me, still in the doorway, then turned back to the
small ass before her. Still impaled, she took Marks tiny waist an inched him
back. Leaning down her tongue started to lick the brown goo off of Mark. Holding
him tight, her mouth and tongue sucked up the dirty sauce. As her tongue started
flicking the young boy's ass, Ted's humping increased. Looking into his son's
eyes, he told me to get behind and "fuck her ass". With a raging hard-on, I
again took my place behind Sue. It took awhile to find a rhythm, as we all tried
to balance ourselves. Holding on tight, Ted and myself drove in and out faster
as Sue cleaned her son. Finished, Sue turned him over. As the young boy lay on
his father's chest, Sue took his tiny penis in her mouth. Not having to worry
about the boy losing his balance, Ted and myself rammed her pussy and ass
mercilessly. With the young phallus muffling her cries, Sue screamed her orgasm
home as the rods inside her erupted. We all relaxed for a bit, with our cocks
still embedded in her. Sue continued to tongue Marks penis as the boy cooed his
approval. After awhile Ted told her to stop. I withdrew my limp dick as she and
Mark climbed off the Ted mountain. Ted then ordered her to get undressed. She
peeled off her soaked catsuit and threw it in the hamper. "Before we clean
ourselves off in the pool, I want Mark to thank his mother for a job well done."
Ted beamed as Sue, now naked, knelt down before Mark. The young lad leaned over
and took her right nipple in his mouth. I could see, from her other breast, that
Mark had sharp teeth. First he sucked then I could see him bite down hard. Tears
flowed in my sister's eyes as he savagely bit into her tender bud. Trying to
stop cries of pain and pleasure, she threw her head back and sighed. Finally
finished, Mark pulled away from the distended nipple. Blood trickled down the
tender flesh as Mark licked his lips in conquest. Pleased with his son, Ted took
him by the hand. Turning to Sue he said sternly, "clean up this room you fuckin
slut, then take a shower. My sister Irene will be here any minute. You know how
she likes a clean whore." As I turned to get my clothes Ted yelled after me,
"leave them Paul! Sue will wash them for you. Come along with us." Sue bowed her
head and scurried off to the kitchen for the rug shampooer. I stood there not
knowing what to do. Ted became angry and came over to me. "I said Sue will take
care of your pants! Come along. Don't you want to meet my sister? She's coming
over with her two kids." A feeling of dread came over me. I didn't mind so much
Ted's older sister seeing my dick. Her sons, however always made fun of me. One
was my age and the other was 14. The youngest was almost my height and the
oldest towered over me. Both had large frames and delighted in pushing me
around. I ran around Ted, quickly grabbed up my pants and started running for
the door. Just as I opened it, I was pushed back by Irene's oldest son Greg.
I fell to the floor. Looking up I could see Irene and her two boys laughing at
me.

"Well Paul, it looks like you and my brother have had a good time. Did your
sister join in on the fun?"

"Look at his dick ma. Did you ever see anything so small? I think Mark's is
bigger than that."

"That's no dick Rick. It's just three big pimples stickin out from this little
girl's cunt. Can I help you up,
little girl?"

They all laughed hysterically as Greg extended his hand to help me off the
floor. I was so embarrassed and angry, I backed up and tried to run out the back
door. Ted appeared in the doorway and I only succeeded in bouncing off his chest
and fell back on the floor. This encouraged another round of laughter. Irene
finally put her hand up to stop the hysterics.

"I didn't realize Paul could be so funny. He must like that floor an awful lot.
Guess he likes to be on his hands and knees just like his slut sister. Did you
have fun with him Ted?"

Ted looked down at me and shook his head. "I've tried my fuckin damndest to make
him a man. He won't exercise, he won't swear. Today I had to tell him every damn
thing to do. It's like he can't think for himself. He's just a gutless whore
like his worthless cunt sister. I just don't know what to do with him."

"Hmmm", hummed Irene, "Maybe I can help you there. Boys, take off his shirt and
drag him into the bedroom." Greg and Rick both lunged at me and ripped off my
shirt. As I screamed and cried they each took a foot and dragged me, feet first,
into the bedroom. Mark thought it was funny and hitched a ride on my chest as I
was pulled along. Sue was busy with the rug and seemed startled at the
commotion. She dropped the shampooer and rushed towards me as I was plopped in
the middle of the room. With one swoop Greg caught hold of her and lifted her up
over his shoulder. As my sister resisted he hit her naked ass with a loud smack.
Tears rolled down her eyes as he and Rick started to savagely spank her cheeks.
I could see her skin turn redder as each hand left its imprint on her creamy
flesh.

"You and Rick take her into the den and have some fun. Me and Paul need to get
better acquainted."

As my sobbing sister was carried from the bedroom Ted and Mark remained in the
doorway. Ted went over to the hamper and took out my sister's catsuit. He threw
it in my face then left the room with Mark,
locking the door behind him. The suit reeked of piss, sweat and sex. Irene
walked over to my sobbing body. Taking the suit between her fingers she held it
at arms length and threw it back in the hamper.

"Do you know why I'm here Paul? I like to come over her at least once a month.
My husband likes to play games but he gets squeamish during my period. Do you
know what a period is Paul?" I nodded my head yes. "Good. I'm glad you're up on
female things. Sue is a great period slave. Let's see if it runs in the family.
Today is my heaviest flow."

Irene sat down on the bed and slowly removed her heels and stockings. Standing
up she wiggled a pair of lace panties down her legs. I could see a pad stuck to
the panties. She reached down, peeled it off and threw it to me. It appeared
slightly stained.

"Smell it Paul. Breathe it in deep."

I put the pad up to my nose and breathed in the scent. It was a putrid smell
yet, somehow, also sensuous.
My dick, which had been hardening, now sprang to attention. Irene motioned for
me to come to her. I shuffled along the rug till my eyes were staring at her
hairy slit. I could see traces of the dried blood clinging to some of her hairs.
I also saw a white string dangling from her opening. She stood up and went over
to the chest of drawers. Returning, she laid a small rubber sheet over the edge
of the bed. As she stood over me her hands moved down and gently pulled on the
string. Just a few inches in front of my face, I saw a slimy red tampon emerge
from her cunt. The smell was horrible. Part of it was bright red, another part a
deep brown. She laid it on the rubber sheet. Kneeling next to me, she took a
finger from my right hand and touched the slimy cloth. The tip of my finger was
now red with her blood. Taking the finger she placed it to my lips and ordered
me to lick. Slowly my tongue emerged and I tasted her wicked sauce. As she
forced my finger deeper into my mouth her other hand squeezed my hard dick.
Letting go of my finger she picked up the tampon. Ordering my head back, she
dangled the slimy mass over my face. Like a pendulum it swung back and forth.
Telling me to "open wide", the thick pad descended. It slid past my lips and
over my tongue. As her hand started to stroke me, she whispered in my ear. "Suck
on it Paul. Clean my pad. Swallow my smelly blood." The taste was horrible but I
found myself licking the slime with my tongue. Soon my whole mouth started a
sucking motion as I strove to swallow every last bit of discharge. My cockhead
swelled in her masterful hands as I sucked the bloody mess through the white
fibers. Just as I was about to cum her hand stopped. Smiling she pulled the
tampon from my mouth. What was once a thick-coated wad of brown/red cotton, was
now a soft pink cotton pillow. Holding it up for inspection, it swung freely
between our eyes. Putting the tampon aside, Irene Laid down on the rubber tarp.
Spreading her pussy before me, she ordered my tongue inside.

"Clean me good Paul and maybe I'll let you cum. Start on my hair then work your
way inside."

I did as I was told. Gently I took small patches of her curly hair in mouth.
Using my tongue I licked off the dried on blood. The taste no longer bothered me
as I continued to suck. Little by little my mouth made its way to her cunt.
Licking the outer lips I could taste fresh blood seeping through the crack.
Spreading her lips I pushed my tongue up her canal. Lapping wildly I felt her
body moan and writhe. Getting deep inside I sucked out her engorged womb. The
walls of her uterus seemed to peel away as the thick red lava flowed down my
throat. Backing up, I then concentrated on her tender clit. My tongue explored
the surface, as my lips drew it in. Irene held my head tight as her body
convulsed. Red lava mixed with sweet cum spasmed past my tongue. My mouth
continued to suck down the cream while her convulsing pussy squirted the goo
along. After awhile Irene let go of my head and sat up.

"Seems you like my period almost as much as your slut sister. Bring me my
purse."

I went over to the door, where she had left her purse, and brought it to her.
She rummaged inside and brought out what looked like a small cup. Squatting down
she positioned the cup, face-up into her cunt.
Smiling at me she said, "now we won't have to waste a drop.  These menstrual
cups are a little uncomfortable, but while I'm here it's worth it."  Unlocking
the door she stepped outside and called her sons. Both boys soon appeared naked,
in the doorway. Looking down at me she winked. Turning to her sons she said,
"he's all yours boys" and quickly walked away. As I lay there in terror, Greg
closed the door.




Sister Sue (Part 2,2)

"Look at his bloodied face Greg! Mom must have really beat him good!"

"Don't be an idiot Rick! That's mom's pussy blood. Look at the used tampon over
there."

As both boys turned towards the bed I made a quick dash to get out the door.
Greg saw me and gave a swift kick to my stomach. I fell over in pain.

"Looks like our little sissy wants to play! And I've got just the costume."

Picking up the damp catsuit, Greg tossed it at me. Once Again I smealt the odor
of sex, sweat and piss.

"Put it on you sissy faggot, before I crush what's left of your puny dick."

I reluctantly started to get into the suit. Sitting on the floor, my feet and
legs slid into the damp lacy material. I tried to pass my cock and balls through
the crotch opening but it was down too low.

"Forget about your cock faggot. Lay it flat against your stomach and pull the
suit up."

I did as ordered and soon found myself encased in the black lace prison. I could
see both boys' penises harden as Greg moved over to the bed. Grabbing me, Rick
pulled me up and forced me down over Greg's lap. My ass jutted high in the air.
With my head upside down I spied Rick take two thick hairbrushes from the
dresser. As both boys positioned themselves, they started to beat my upturned
ass. The thin material gave no comfort from the stinging blows. I cried like a
baby as the brushes continued to fall. My cheeks felt on fire as the loud
"smacks" mixed with my cries. Finally, resting their arms, the blows stopped.

"I think our little sissy needs to be more of a woman", Greg chuckled. "Rick,
bring over mom's shoes."

Rick retrieved the high-heels. Still bent over Greg's lap, he tried to put them
on my feet, but they kept falling off. "Shit! His feet are tinier than a
women's", shouted Rick. "Go over and get a pair of Sues training shoes. In the
meantime I have a better idea for mom's shoe." While Rick rummaged through Sue's
closet, I felt a sharp sting on my ass. Greg was using Irene's shoe to continue
beating my sore bottom. Through my tears I could see Rick returning with another
pair of high-heels. Holding them up to my face, he whispered, "see these straps.
They can be locked on. You won't be getting out of these anytime soon sissy
boy." Besides the lock, the shoes were very small with a long spiked heel. I
couldn't imagine how my toes would fit in. Rick went behind me and grabbed my
foot. Pushing with all his might he crammed my toes into the tight opening. I
howled as my foot arched trying to fit in. Greg ordered me to shut-up, or else
I'd be really sorry. Finally Rick worked the heel in and started on the other
foot. I bit my lip to stop myself from screaming. Once done, Greg stopped his
paddling and stood me up. I immediately fell over, sobbing, onto the floor. Greg
turned angrily to Rick.

"You didn't lock them off shit-head! How is he supposed to keep them on? Bring
me the locks!"

Greg got on the floor and sat on my legs, facing my tortured feet. Rick handed
him two small locks from the carpet.

"You'd better gag his mouth. This is gonna hurt like hell!"

"Gag it with what?" Rick asked.

"I don't give a shit what you put in his mouth. Use your ass for all I care!"

 Rick thought for a second, then I saw him look down at me. With his feet
straddling my chest, he lowered himself down. His shit opening nestled snugly
against my still bloodied mouth. I could here Greg laughing as the warm cheeks
engulfed my head.

"Better not lean back little brother. We wouldn't want the fag to suffocate. Not
just yet anyway."
"You better get that tongue deep up my brother's ass faggot." The words seemed
so far away. All I could see was the backside of young Rick. My tongued darted
into his brown hole. I tasted something very bitter as the youth squirmed on top
of me. Moaning, he reached down and spread his cheeks wider. His hole moved
further down my tongue. Greg meanwhile took a strong hold of my right shoe.
Holding tight around the heel he pulled the leather strap. I screamed into
Rick's ass as the noose tightened. My bent foot was now being forced into the
unforgiving leather. My toes bent and crushed into the pointed space. My heel
poured it's skin over the short backside. Once my sole was completely flat
against the leather, Greg locked the cruel strap in place. My tears flowed
freely onto the floor as he grappled with my other foot. The taste in my mouth
was getting worse as my tongue mined thick pungent cream. Greg finally locked
off the second foot. I felt him get off my legs. Rick was shivering on top of
me.

"What's the matter little brother. You about to cum. Your dick doesn't look that
hard."

Rick grunted words I didn't want to hear. "I gotta take a shit. His tongue is
makin me dump."

Greg walked around his brother and leaned down over my eyes. "See what your
faggot tongue did? It loosened up all my brother's shit. Guess that means your
sissy mouth wants a good taste. You better eat it all down faggot or I'll shove
my shit down there too. Go ahead Rick. Release your logs into our new toilet."

As Greg stooped down low to enjoy the show, Rick starting pushing. My tongue
felt the slimy intruder as it made it's way toward the rim. I nibbled the foul
tasting log when it first appeared hoping I could swallow it a little at a time.
With one big push, however the massive intruder filled my mouth. I tried to chew
but it was too big. Thrashing about for air I pushed Rick off of me. Sitting up,
half the log fell on the floor, hitting my stomach on the way down. I munched
what was left in my mouth. Greg shoved my head down on the piece of broken shit.

"Eat it faggot. I don't want to see a trace left on this carpet."

I reluctantly ate the shit down while cleaning the carpet with my tongue. When I
finished Rick presented his shit laden cheeks to me for cleaning. I kneeled and
licked his young ass pearly white. "Well so far you've eatin my mother's period
and my brother's shit. Maybe I can offer you something to wash it down with."
Greg came over and shoved his prick in my mouth. In seconds I felt the warm
salty urine flowing down my throat. I tried to direct the jet all over my mouth
to wash off the putrid shit. Greg let me hold it as I eagerly drank him down.
"What a little shit sissy you are. I was right about you all along." Greg and
Rick started to laugh once more as Greg saved the last few squirts to wash the
dried blood off my face. "I guess we're done with him. Let's join mom in the
den." Rick motioned towards the door. "Not so fast", Greg answered. "He still
needs a few more things. Earrings for instance." Greg moved over to the jewelry
box and started looking. Walking back over to me I saw him with a large pair of
Sue's earrings. "Hold his hands still over his head." They forced me on my back
as Rick held my hands over my head. Greg straddled my stomach and kept the rest
of me from moving. "How you gonna put earrings in him? He ain't pierced."

 "No problem", answered Greg. From his other hand Greg held up a long thin
hairpin to my face. He then started to massage my right tit. The friction of his
weight on my penis and the sharp nails against my tit soon had the desired
effect. Sticking out from the foul lace, he roughly squeezed my tit tight. With
his other hand he slowly jabbed the needle into the base. At my first scream
Rick positioned himself so his dick and balls covered my mouth. The phallus grew
thick in my throat as the blood oozed from my wound. Taking the earring, Greg
worked the metal through my punctured nip. All the while I shouted muffled cries
into the penis invader. As Greg started work on the second nipple, Rick humped
my face. Faster and faster his purple head assaulted my mouth. When the metal
loop pierced me a second time, Rick came in my mouth. My voice gurgled muffled
cries of torment mixed with cum. Greg then pulled on my new ornaments of
femininity and I sucked down Rick's last drop of manhood. They were right, I had
become a sissy slut.

"One more thing and then we're off." Greg fumbled behind me and found his
mother's shoes. Telling me to kneel I felt there warm hands on my ass. Feeling
my cheeks part, I readied myself for the assault. I was sure that Greg was going
to fuck my ass. Instead I felt the sharp pain of his mothers heel rip past my
virgin rim. A second later another hard object was inserted. I cried when I
looked in the mirror and saw both shoes sticking out of my bleeding hole. "Now I
think he's ready." They tried to get me to stand but the pain on my feet was too
intense. Crawling to the den I was quite a site. Still dressed in the smelly
catsuit, with earrings dangling from my tits and a pair of high-heels shoved up
my ass. Spanking me along we finally reached the den. My sister sat in the
middle of the room holding onto Simka's side. Her mouth was glued to his ass and
she took pains that Ted and Irene could see her tongue whip in and out of the
brown shoot. As I entered Irene started clapping. Greg and Rick both bowed at
the obvious approval. Greg then got behind my sister and, grabbing her slender
hips, plowed his hard cock into her juicy cunt. With her tongue still up Simka's
hole, Greg climaxed. His hot sperm could be seen dripping from the engorged
pussy. Leading me over he instructed me to clean out her cunt. There I kneeled,
with my face up Sue's pussy licking out Greg's cream like it was gold. Tired of
the show, Ted invited everyone in the pool to clean off. Sue and I were told to
go in the bedroom and clean up the mess. Afterwards we could shower alone. As
the men filtered out Irene was the last to leave. Reaching down she pulled the
menstrual cup from her lips. Looking in and smiling, she brought it over to
where Sue and I knelt. Taking our chins she sweetly poured a little into our
mouths.

"Sue called your parents Paul and told them you'd be staying the weekend. Every
few hours I'll have some new nectar for you two to relish. Now I suggest you
both get to work!" Irene put her cup back in and left. Sue held me in her arms.
Later I crawled into the bedroom to help her clean. Sue found the keys to my
shoes and released them from their prison. Taking lotion she soothed the scraped
skin and bandaged them. She also eased some baby rash medicine into my sore
hole. After we showered our tortures continued, but not as bad as before. Sue
and myself finally fell asleep handcuffed to each other. As promised every few
hours, we made our way into Irene's bed where she fed us the golden soup.

The END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ed


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





