BDSM Library - She Awoke With A Start




She Awoke With A Start
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Starting point of a female's initiation into D/s, via forced abduction.
She Awoke With A Start
by Zevrier (zevrier@ntlworld.com)




She Awoke With A Start


She awoke with a start...what was that noise she had heard?

Intently, she strained to catch any sound, however slight......Yes, she could
hear the sounds of someone moving around downstairs.

What should she do? Her first reaction was to hide under the bedclothes until
the intruder went away, but on reflection it wasn't a good option. Should she
get out of bed and hide? That might be better, she might not be found.

Her thoughts became academic, as her eyes, becoming accustomed to the gloom,
caught a shadowy movement in the doorway to the bedroom.

Her breath caught in her throat as she realised that the figure was coming
towards the bed.

It appeared to be a man, quite tall, dressed in dark clothes, as he came nearer
she was able to make out a little more detail. He was in his thirties, with
short brown hair, and he wore a leather jacket that caught a little of what
light was in the room.

She stared at him, fascinated, like a rabbit caught in a car's headlights.

He came to the foot of her bed and said in a low voice

"Hello, what have we got here?"

Her body didn't seem to be her own as terrible thoughts flitted across her
consciousness. What was he going to do to her?

"Ttttake what you want ..I won't stop you," she stuttered, her teeth felt as
though they belonged to someone else.

"I already have" he replied.

"It's all downstairs, I just came up to see if there was anything else worth
nicking ......"

"And I find you....a helpless young lady"

A trace of sexual excitement rose up in her, she couldn't believe it, despite
all the terror and apprehension she felt, she was becoming aroused. She found
herself appraising the man, her eyes ran up and down him, it did not go
unnoticed, he smiled at her, his eyes dropping to the bedclothes she held tight
to her rigid body.

"Let go of the sheet" he said, "I want to see what you have to offer me"

He gazed steadily at her, the tone of his voice indicating that he was not
expecting her to refuse.

In a dream she slowly dropped the bed sheet , revealing her firm breasts, she
could feel her nipples were stiff from fear, despite that, she felt a little
pleased at his reaction to the sight of them.

"Mmmmm...very nice", he said "I'm going to enjoy handling those......."

"Please don't hurt me" she said in a small voice..."I'll do anything you
want...."

"You certainly will" he replied "Now, get out of bed, I want to examine you"

What could she do? he was far too big and strong for her, she thought of diving
for the phone on the table nearby, and she briefly turned her head to see if it
was within her immediate reach.

"Don't bother" he said, guessing her intent, "I've cut the phone lines....."

Her only lifeline removed, she obeyed his order, and slowly began to pull the
sheet from her naked body. Impatiently, he grabbed the sheet from the end of the
bed and pulled it from her in one swift movement.

Gasping , she put her hands between her legs to cover her nakedness.

"I see.....we're shy are we?" he asked, not really expecting an answer.

"Now, stand here", he said, pointing to an area immediately in front of him.

Her body moved of its own accord to the required spot, she still had her hands
covering as much of her as possible, but it was futile, she knew that sooner or
later he was going to see all of her naked charms.

She stood before him, hands clasped in front like a naughty schoolgirl in front
of the headmaster.

He looked her up and down - was it approval she saw in his eyes? She reasoned
that if he found her attractive she would have a better chance of coming through
this ordeal.

"Turn around" he said.

After a short pause she did as she was told, slowly rotating her shivering,
naked form.

She made no attempt to cover her bottom with her hands, instead keeping them in
front of her. She reasoned it would not be of any use to act modestly. Perhaps
he would make fuck her and go, she thought.

A mental image of this man mounting her sprung to mind, but she quashed it, at
the same time acknowledging that if he was kind to her it wouldn't be such an
ordeal, he was, after all, quite attractive.....

What was she thinking! It would be rape, pure and simple, she was angry with
herself for having these thoughts.

"Very nice," he said, "now, kneel on the floor!" his tone brooked no dissent,
and she found herself dropping to her knees in front of him. She could no longer
look at his face, and lowered her head.

"Put your hands behind your back."

As she did so, he secured her wrists with a length of cord that she guessed he
had brought expressly for the purpose.

A loop of cloth was dropped over her head and pulled against her closed mouth.
He tugged on the material forcing her mouth open as it pressed against her lips
and teeth.

Her mouth hurt from this, so she opened it a little wider for him in order to
prevent further discomfort. He completed the task, grunting in approval at her
voluntary action, then swiftly fastening the cloth behind her head.

He left he there, satisfied that she could make no sound or go very far. Of
course she could struggle to her feet, and try and escape, but she knew it was
hopeless, she was barefoot, naked and bound and he would be able to catch her
with ease.

She awaited her fate, listening to him going into the upstairs rooms, presumably
checking that there were no further valuables to steal.

He came back into her bedroom, and with a very bad attempt at humour said

"Still here?"

"OK.... stand up, I'm taking you with me"

She gasped through the gag, she thought he was going to leave her bound on the
floor while he made his getaway.

In a daze she struggled to her feet. As soon as she was standing, he fastened a
length of cord around her neck, as a makeshift collar. A tug on it, and she was
forced to follow him downstairs. She was, obviously, very reluctant to go with
him, but a few well measured blows from the flat of his hand on her bottom
persuaded her otherwise....

He opened the front door and led her outside, it was the middle of the night and
the street she lived in was quiet at the best of times, so she was not hopeful
of someone seeing her abduction.

She was thrust face downwards into the back seat of a car, and within a few
seconds they were speeding down the road.

Briefly looking over his shoulder at his captive he said, "in case you think
that the Police can trace this car, it's stolen, we'll be changing cars very
shortly......"

Sure enough within a few minutes she found herself being removed from the first
car and placed in exactly the same fashion in his car. He pressed her down
against the soft leather upholstery and ruthlessly tied her ankles together and
with a tug pulled them up behind her, fastening them to her already bound
wrists. A rug was thrown over his hog-tied captive and once again she found
herself travelling at high speed.......but where to ?

She struggled to untie herself but the bondage was tight and chillingly
effective..... I've  been secured by an expert, she thought grimly.



The journey seemed to take an eternity, he stopped once, to check that she was
still tightly secured in her helpless position. She had shaken off the blanket
during the drive, he rebuked her as he replaced it. She thought that he would
spank her, but guessed that it would have been too much trouble for him to untie
her legs......



There was the sound of crunching gravel under the wheels of the car as they came
to a halt.

He reached into the back seat and having removed the blanket from her, untied
the cord that kept her legs fastened to her wrists. Untying her ankles, he
ordered her out of the car.

She exited awkwardly, the arm bondage making it difficult for her to keep her
balance.  She had to press her face into the leather of the seat on more than
one occasion in order to extricate herself from the prone position.

She grunted through the gag in discomfort as her bare feet made contact with the
gravel, but he showed no sympathy as she stood unsteadily on the drive.



He fastened a leather belt around her waist, pulling it very tight. A cord was
fastened to the back of the belt, and threaded between her ass cheeks, dangling
down between her legs. He picked up the cord and abruptly pulled it up and
towards him, the rough surface rubbing against her sensitive vagina. She
squealed through the gag, stumbling forward to reduce the tension on the rope.
It was not only being pulled hard against her cunt but was stretched taught
against her tight, puckered bum-hole.

The gravel hurt her feet as she stumbled towards the door, she didn't want to be
led into the house, but had absolutely no choice in the matter. She did try and
pull back against the rope, but it cut mercilessly into her poor abused pussy,
as sensing her reluctance, he tugged it even harder........

It was an older property, perhaps once a vicarage, she fleetingly thought, in
any other circumstances she would have admired it, even welcomed a guided tour.



He led her into the hallway, glancing around, she noticed that the house was
richly furnished.

Had he equipped it with the proceeds from robberies?.......

At the same time, she admired his taste in furniture, if indeed this was his
house.



A chill ran through her, perhaps she was being taken to his boss, she knew that
thieves seldom worked alone. Even though she was apprehensive as to what he may
do to her, she decided that she would be better off taking her chances with him
, rather than being handed over to some fat old man .....

He forced her to stumble over to a studded door, and indicating her to stop, he
switched the fastening of the cord from the back of the belt to the front, once
again dropping the free end to dangle between her legs.

Standing behind her picked up the rope from between her legs, and pulled it up,
so that yet again it was pulled tight against her cunt and ass crack. This he
used to steady and support her as she was urged down the stairs, every little
stumble causing the cursed rope to torment her private parts.

As they reached the bottom of the stairs, the door shut behind them with an
ominous clunk.



She wondered if she would ever climb the stairs and go back through that door
....



He slackened the rope between her legs, and pushed her forward into the centre
of the room.

Terror gripped her when she found that they had entered what seemed to be a
torture chamber. The walls were painted black, and a blood red carpet was under
her bare feet. There was a bewildering array of evil looking implements on one
wall, the purpose of which she couldn't even begin to guess.

Although the room was warm, she shivered.

What had he in store for her?

In one corner she noticed a tiny cage, surely a human being couldn't fit into
that?

At one end of the room there appeared to be a vaulting horse, but she knew
no-one had performed gymnastics on this particular example, it was deeply padded
in black leather and there were various fastening points scattered liberally
over the legs and lower part of the saddle......

"Kneel!" he commanded.

She was slow to follow his order, still trying to take in her surroundings, that
earned her 3 heavy slaps to her ass, she yelped into the gag at every one.....

Once in a kneeling position, he removed the cloth gag. The respite from the gag
was short, however, as it was immediately replaced by a ball-gag, the bright red
rubber ball being uncompromisingly strapped into her mouth. She had thought that
the other gag was bad, but this was worse. She could no longer breath through
her mouth, and whereas before she could utter some sound through the cloth gag,
no noise could escape from around the ball, her vocal reaction was reduced to
the sound she could emit from her throat......

Her ankles were secured with a thick leather strap, and a chain was fastened to
her wrists and clipped to an eye hidden deep in the carpet.

Lastly a thick black blindfold was fastened around her head cutting out all
sight completely.

She heard his footsteps retreating, ascending the stairs, the heavy clunk of the
door, and with dismay she realised she was alone ...

The END




She Awoke With A Start
Part 2

Shortly, however, the same door opened and she heard the light click of
footsteps on the stair treads, like a woman with stilettos on, she thought, with
a chill feeling in her heart.

The footsteps approached her kneeling form, and the blindfold was removed.
Blinking in the light, Laura saw a lady standing in front of her. She was
petite, slim with short dark hair, probably in her early twenties. She wore
stockings and high heels, along with a tiny leather g-string, her small, pert
breasts were bare and in her hands she carried a tray.

She uttered no sound, but knelt gracefully and put the tray on the floor. Laura
stared down at its contents before returning her gaze to the girl.

There was a glass of orange juice, and a large bowl of what appeared to be a
stew. In addition, there was a small velvet make-up bag.

The ball-gag was removed, and Laura gratefully exercised her cramped mouth.

The girl picked the orange juice up and offered it to Laura's lips. She drank
gratefully, only realising at that moment just how thirsty she was. The girl
patiently allowed her to drink the liquid in her own time, tipping the glass
forward when she sensed that Laura could swallow more. Once the glass was
finished, the slave girl pushed the tray with its appetising stew towards to
Laura. It was obvious that the girl expected Laura to consume it, but there was
no knife or fork, and in any case Laura's hands were still secured behind her
back.

Laura realised that she would be expected to eat it like an animal. She thought
of refusing, but common sense told her to consume it any way she could, as she
did not know when she would be fed again.

She was still attached to the floor by the chain through her wrists, but with a
considerable amount of wriggling she managed to drop her head down enough to eat
the meal. She could not keep it from dripping down her chin, and at one point,
even her nose became covered in the gravy.

At last she was finished, and she struggled back into her kneeling position. Her
face was sticky and uncomfortable, and she was grateful when the girl,
carefully, almost reverently, wiped her face with a napkin.

"Who are you ?" asked, Laura, "are you a slave, too ?"

The girl made no sound, but held her index finger in front of her lips, Laura
realised that the girl was either mute, or more likely, she had been ordered not
to speak.

Laura badly wanted an answer to many questions, but the girl was presumably
under threat of punishment, so Laura decided not to badger her into a response. 

The petite slave girl picked up the velvet bag and once again knelt in front of
her. Laura realised that she was completely devoid of make up, and thought
grimly to herself that if she'd known she was going to be abducted she would
have made herself up.

The girl, carefully avoiding eye contact, proceeded to comb the captive's hair,
put on blusher, eye shadow, and finally apply a very attractive shade of
lipstick. Laura noticed that the cosmetics were a very expensive brand.

She found the girl's attention and care was soothing, she could smell the girl's
perfume, and the shampoo used on her hair. A wave of gratitude swept over her,
and when the girl's pretty face came near, she kissed her cheek. The girl's eyes
met hers briefly, and she gave a shy smile, even blushing slightly.......

As the other slave carefully gathered things together on the tray , Laura
noticed that under the leather g-string she wore she could see the end of a
dildo or a vibrator inserted deep in her cunt. It was only apparent when the
girl turned sideways.

Sexual excitement bubbled up in Laura, heightened by the fact that as the girl
turned her back to take her leave, she could see that her tiny, shapely buttocks
were criss-crossed with red stripes. It would also appear that the girl's ass
was stuffed in a similar manner to her cunt, as Laura could make out the end of
a plastic plug, held captive there by the thong of the g-string. No wonder she
moved slowly and carefully, though Laura.

Her sharp footsteps retraced their way up the stairs, and once again Laura was
alone.

She didn't have too wait too long before the opening of the heavy door signalled
that someone was coming down the stairs. This time it sounded like a man, and
sure enough her captor appeared. He was wearing a long, thick towelling robe,
and looked as if he had just stepped out of the shower. He examined her
critically, tilting his head to one side as he studied her face.

"Mmm..... that's better, you're attractive without make-up, but even more
with...."

These words surprised her, she didn't think he would be likely to compliment
her, but her he was flattering her. She remained passive, silent, perhaps it was
just a ploy to get her co-operation, she thought.

He stepped closer, she could smell the soap he'd used and the after-shave, it
was her favourite brand, in fact, she had bought her last boyfriend some for his
birthday.

Her gaoler was attractive, she had to admit, not overtly handsome, but he had an
air of quiet authority about him.

He slowly undid the towelling robe. She tried not to look, but couldn't help
herself.

His cock was level with her eyes, it was a healthy specimen, she had to admit,
thick and long, it bobbed as he stepped even nearer to her, completely filling
her vision.

It was plain what he intended her to do. She weighed up the options, if she
refused to suck him, he would undoubtedly punish her. On the other hand, she did
not want to give in too easily, although, she discovered that her pussy appeared
to be giving the game away, it felt wet and ready. Damn her desires! She had to
admit, she loved sucking cock.....

She thought that a little negotiation might be worth attempting and said

"What are you going to do with me...you realise this is kidnapping...".

He replied, "if you behave yourself , I will return you to your house safe and
unharmed"

"How can I believe you" she responded.

"You'll have to trust me," he said ......"now suck!"

She was a little reassured at these words, but she had no way to know he would
honour them.

With that he thrust his hips forward , his manner precluded any refusal on her
part, and much to her surprise she obediently opened her mouth to receive him.

It tasted gorgeous, she had to admit, her pussy was sending her signals to suck
it for all she was worth, to give him pleasure. But the other side of her
advised her to do the bare minimum and bring him off as quickly as possible.

What tipped the balance in favour of her desire, was the fact that he began to
tenderly caress her face, as her mouth and tongue did its work. In fact he
seemed to enjoy it so much that he began to hold her by her hair to ensure that
his member stayed deep within her hot mouth. Moans were emanating from her
throat at the sheer unbridled eroticism of the act, she realised that her lust
had totally won her over, and with a final sigh of resignation started to move
her mouth up and down his cock as much as her kneeling bondage would allow.

She was pleased by his response he was moaning now, jerking his hips and several
times she had to stifle a gag reflex, so deep was he thrusting inside her.

Her jaw was beginning to ache from her efforts, but she sensed he was fast
approaching orgasm and so did her best to ignore the discomfort, his climax
becoming her only purpose.

He gave a wild cry, and a jet of white spunk shot from his cock. Some squirted
in her mouth but the rest went over her face. She gasped in surprise at the
sheer volume, it was over her cheeks, her chin, even her hair.

Slowly he came down to earth, he kept his dwindling cock in her mouth, making it
clear that she was to lick it clean. Running her tongue around his glans, she
lapped up every drop, even dipping her tongue in the slit at the end, where
fresh spunk continued to ooze.

He removed his cock from her mouth, and drew the robe around himself. He quickly
bent and kissed her forehead, the only part of her face that had not been
anointed by his ejaculation. She closed her eyes at this tender moment, but when
she opened them he was gone, the now familiar sound of his feet on the stairs
signified his exit.

Her face was still covered in semen, and she had no way of removing it.

Did he intend her to remain like this, his emission drying on her ?

She dropped her head, eyes still closed, but a slight movement caused her to
open them in surprise. It was the slave girl, again, she must have come into the
room at the same time as her master left, there had been no signal of her
approach, as she was barefoot. The girl was completely naked, she could see that
the girl was shaven, and her pussy looked pink and moist. Laura with a start
realised how attractive it looked, her session with her master had not brought
her relief, it had only made her more aroused.

The girl knelt before her, and at first Laura thought the girl was going to kiss
her, but instead she put her mouth close to Laura's spunk soaked face and
proceeded to lick it off.

Laura closed her eyes in pleasure, not only was the girl removing the rapidly
drying substance, but once again, her attentive, affectionate manner was having
it's effect on Laura. She moaned as the girl's tongue and lips caressed her
face. It was too much, as her lips came close to Laura's she managed to engage
her in a kiss. It was returned with passion, even some of his spunk being
exchanged between their mouths. Laura had little experience of another woman,
and found that they her kisses were delicate, like a butterfly on a flower, and
she became lost in the moment, her confinement forgotten as she eagerly
continued to enjoy the girl's mouth.

The girl's delicate hands found Laura's breasts and caressed them lightly,
stroking and touching her nipples. She wanted to return the girl's embrace, but
the infernal bondage prevented that. Her hands opened and closed behind her
back, signalling the depth of her arousal. 




She Awoke With A Start
Part 3

"What's this?" his voice made them both jump, their master had returned, his
approach unheard due to their passionate exchange.

The slave girl quickly disengaged herself and went to kneel in front of him, her
face showing contrition.

Laura immediately understood that their kissing was forbidden.

She guessed that the slave girl had been given instructions only to clean up
Laura's face.

Despite the girl's attempt to placate her master, Laura knew that she was in for
a difficult time. She was attempting to please her master by looking up at him
with puppy dog eyes, and also dropping her head to kiss his feet.

Despite this, he looked down at her and said, "You know you've done wrong
...it's the cage for you........"

"It's my fault," Laura volunteered, "I encouraged her, you should punish me
...".

"Oh, I will....don't worry", he replied, as the girl scuttled over the to the
tiny cage in the corner.

With great difficulty the girl squashed herself into the cage, it was open at
the front so that her head protruded from between the bars. Laura realised with
a shudder that this was so that the occupant could be used whilst in the tiny
prison.

He closed the door, causing her tiny ass to press against the bars, a small key
was turned, and he said. "You can stay in there for 2 hours as a punishment ..."

Going over to Laura, he untied her hands from behind her back and also detaching
the chain that had kept her in a kneeling position.

"Stand up !"

She struggled to her feet, rubbing her wrists as she did so.

He led her over to the vaulting horse, and ordered her to straddle it face down.

Laura complied, easing herself onto the soft leather saddle. She wondered what
torment would be inflicted on her in this position as she was expertly secured
her to the horse by means of a number of leather straps around her wrists and
ankles.

A long strap was used to go around her waist and the saddle of the horse, she
grunted as he tightened it. Her stomach pulled hard against the shiny surface.

He went back to the slave girl in the cage, and picked up the cage, his strength
and the girls light built made it easy for him to carry her over to the vaulting
horse where Laura lay helpless.

He attached a piece of rope to one of the many rings embedded in the ceiling and

suspended the cage by it. He manoeuvred the cage so that both girls were facing
each other. The cage was then attached to the front of the horse by a chain. He
adjusted the length of it carefully, so that their faces were almost, but not
quite, touching.

"Now kiss each other," he said, knowing full well that they would be unable to
reach each other's mouths.

The two girls stared into each other's eyes as their master first went around to
Laura's rear and slid a vibrator into her pussy. The process was repeated on the
caged girl, Laura saw the other girl's eyes first close, then open wide in
helpless pleasure as it was inserted. Their master then left them, the cage
quivering slightly from the girl's cramped movements, and the leather of the
vaulting horse creaking as Laura attempted to make her position tolerable for
the next 2 hours.

Laura realised that the girl was in a far more uncomfortable situation than her,
the cage was so small that it must be cramping the girl. Laura apologised to her
for kissing her and incurring the mater's wrath. For the first time the girl
spoke, saying,

"It was worth it, I have not kissed anyone in a long while....."

Laura spoke to the girl again asking her similar questions to those asked
before, but unfortunately her master' hold was obviously so strong and the
punishment that he could inflict on her so great, that the girl didn't utter
another word.

Laura tried stretching her neck forward to kiss the girl, and she attempted to
do the same. Their master had done his job well, despite their combined efforts
they were only able to get their tongues to meet, this seemed worse than
nothing, thought Laura, as she flicked her tongue against the other girl's, both
of them moaning from the effort of reaching each other's hungry mouth.

Laura had long given up trying to reach the girl's mouth, when he returned,
saying "Well, an hour's gone ...how are you getting on?

He caressed both slaves, both of them responding to his touch despite their
respective uncomfortable positions.

Laura watched as he secured a ball-gag of bright red rubber in the other girl's
mouth, and found that she was forced to open her mouth for the same treatment.
He then moved the two captives closer together, their faces now touching.

The ball-gag was very uncomfortable, she was forced to breathe through her
mouth, and found within a  minute or so that she was beginning to drool
uncontrollably. Looking at the other girl, her face distorted by the gag, Laura
found that she was in the same predicament.

Once again they were left alone, they could nuzzle their stuffed mouths against
each other and dribble their saliva on each other's faces, but little more
......

After the second hour the slave girl was moaning continuously through the gag,
Laura realised that the other girl's confinement was becoming intolerable. Their
master returned and seeing his slave's plight, his first act was to release the
petite girl from the cage.

Laura was left still attached to the horse, it was uncomfortable but she was
glad that the other girl had been allowed to crawl from the cage and massage her
cramped limbs.

He used the slave girl's name for the first time in front of Laura, saying
"Katala, remove our guest's vibrator, I think she's had enough ...."

Katala did as she was told, easing the now wet and sticky item from Laura's
pussy.

Once again Laura enjoyed Katala's light, considerate touch, she even ran her
finger over Laura's clit when their master wasn't looking, and Laura was forced
to stifle a groan.

On her master's command, Katala licked the vibrator clean, gazing into Laura's
eyes as she did so, making it clear that she would enjoy taking the juices
direct from their source.

This action did not go unnoticed by their master, who sternly told Katala to
kneel before him.

This she did with alacrity, gazing up at her master adoringly.

Laura realised that the girl didn't appear to be held against her will.

Had she been brainwashed by him, mistreated until her mind was not her own?

Or had she entered this life of servitude of her own volition?

He casually approached Laura, still secured to the horse, and  proffered his
semi-erect penis to her mouth.

She turned her head away from it, saying, "If I'm going to suck you again, I at
least want to know your name"

She realised that she was risking further punishment, but her spirit, even
undermined by her sexual arousal, remained difficult to subdue.

"It's Dominic", he replied more amused than anything by her refusal.

"Now suck it !"

She took the purple headed organ into her mouth again, feeling it start to grow
as she ran it around her mouth and flicked her tongue over its bulbous end.

It appeared that he was only using her mouth to fully stiffen it, as within a
few minutes, he eased it from her and went to the back of the horse where her
ass and pussy were spread invitingly.

She twisted her head to see what he intended to do, but could not see directly
behind her, and it soon became apparent, when, without preliminaries, he slid it
deep into her pussy. Her moan was long and drawn out, she had not realised just
how turned on she had been from the events that had taken place in the dungeon.

Judging by the way in which he slammed his cock in and out of her, she guessed
he was obtaining considerable satisfaction from the feel of her tight cunt.

"Katala," he commanded, "come over here and help me fuck this bitch! "

"You can even kiss her, now if you want ...."

Wasting no time, the petite slave moved to the front of the horse and planted an
enormous kiss on Laura's forehead, before dropping her head lower to kiss her
open mouth.

Laura's senses reeled from the twin delights; at one end she was being fucked,
and at the other this passionate slave girl was kissing her as only a woman can.

She gasped through the kiss as Katala's hands found her breasts, dangling
tantalisingly down either side of the saddle. Her nipples were stroked and
caressed, as their tongues continued to intertwine.

Dominic wasn't content with just fucking her, his hands opened up her ass
cheeks, and he ran his fingers up and down her crack, his fingers trailing over
her bum hole.

She paused momentarily from the mutual exploration with Katala to groan,
realising that he had found a hitherto unexplored part of her.

Despite the strap that secured her waist to the horse, she managed to lift her
ass up to him.

Encouraged by her response, he eased the tip of his middle finger into her ass,
just enough to make her hips writhe, without causing discomfort to her virgin
rectum.

The two girl's kissing became frenzied, the fact that they had been denied this
pleasure initially meant that they were like two starving animals feeding on
each other.

His stroked were becoming frantic as he witnessed the passion between the two
girls, and with a drawn out cry he erupted inside her, pumping his seed deep
into her soaking wet cunt.

Immediately Katala, heard her master's cry of passion, broke free from the kiss,
and moved gracefully to kneel beside her master.

He pulled his still twitching cock from Laura, and the slave girl obediently
opened her mouth to receive it.

It didn't take long for her to clean him of the spunk and Laura's love juice,
that glistened over its surface. It appeared to be a task that she relished, as
she continued to suck and lick him long after the last traces had been consumed.

"You can lick out Laura, now". Dominic said.

"Thank you, master", she replied and went and knelt behind Laura.

Placing her cool hands between Laura's thighs, she eased open her to lick out
the nectar within.

In addition, Katala found time to flick her agile tongue over Laura's clit.

It was too much for her, she had been close to coming when her master had shot
his load, and Katala's administrations sent her completely over the top.

The slave girl's tongue continued its work even as Laura's hips jerked and
twitched. Laura crying out..."Oh God I'm coming ....what are you doing to me?"

Dominic watched with hands on hips as Laura slowly came back down to earth.

Katala rounded off her stimulation of the secured slave by returning to Laura's
mouth and once again kissing her deeply.

Laura could taste the combination of her own fluids intermingled with her
master's semen, this only served to heighten her arousal.

Dominic was thoughtful.

"Well, considering that you were, in your own words, kidnapped, you seemed to
have taken to Domination and submission like a duck to water." 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Zevrier


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





