BDSM Library - The Meek Shall Inherit the Shaft




The Meek Shall Inherit the Shaft
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Story about a young couple turned into sex slaves by a cruel older couple.
The Meek Shall Inherit the Shaft
by Ed (EdNNJ42@aol.com)

Please do not read if you are under 18. This is X rated stuff. All events and
names are purely fictional.

I love feedback on my stories! Please email your comments to    EdNNJ42@aol.com
Posted September 21, 1998

(Fdom,Mdom,enema,BDSM,feet,anal,dog,etc.)




The Meek Shall Inherit the Shaft

Part 1 of 3.

Hi. My name is John, an unemployed office supplier. Amy, my wife, is an artist.
We're not a very aggressive couple. Actually we're pretty passive. That's one of
the reasons I lost my job. Life and people seem to constantly be pushing us
around. Amy occasionally picks up jobs catering small parties. For a while, that
was our only income. Needless to say money was tight. Our lives changed
drastically, a while back, when my wife met Tracy at an art auction. Tracy was a
high class women who just moved into the ritzy part of town. They hit it off and
Tracy, knowing we needed money, started offering my wife jobs as a caterer to
her party's. She also bought some of Amy's artwork. One day Amy needed help with
one of Tracy's parties. I offered to drive the food down and help serve it. Bob,
Tracy's husband, wasn't very friendly and took an "uppity" attitude with me. He
refereed to me as "boy" when he wanted something. For Amy's sake I swallowed my
pride and helped serve the food. I also noticed that Tracy treated Amy like a
real servant. I guess Amy didn't care. I never heard her complain. The day after
the party, my wife got a frantic call from Tracy asking us to come over that
evening. When we got there both Tracy and her husband started yelling at us for
serving tainted food and getting some of their guests sick. Amy was in tears and
I didn't know what to say. "You little shits", Bob yelled, "I'll ruin you, by
the time my lawyers are done you'll be begging for food off the streets".  "See
that dog bowl", screamed Tracy, "That's the only food you'll be able to afford".
"Please, Please", cried Amy, "We'll do anything, I didn't know the food was
bad".  "Anything" Tracy said, a little half smile on her face, "OK. Lets see.
Both of you stay here while me and Bob talk. DON'T MOVE. We'll be right back".
With that Bob and Tracy went down into the basement. "Amy, how could you serve
bad food? Do you have any idea what they can do to us. What if one of the guests
got really sick". Amy nodded, "We'll just have to do anything they say and hope
they don't sue us. This is the last party I'll ever cater". When Bob and Tracy
returned they seemed a lot calmer. "Bob and I decided not to call our lawyers if
you'll put on a little show for us", Tracy said coyly. "Lets get down to the
basement". The basement was a huge room with couches against the walls leaving
the center area clear. Bob sat down on one couch while Tracy sat down on the
couch opposite him, leaving me and Amy in the middle. "OK", Bob commanded,
"Here's the rules! My wife will own John. He must do anything my wife says for
the next hour. Amy likewise will belong to me and do whatever I say. Is it
agreed?". "Anything ", I said, "I don't know if I like this". "Please", begged
Amy, "It's only for an hour. I want to get this over with". "Agreed", I said,
swallowing my last vestige of manhood. "Lets go". It was Tracy's turn first.
"John I want you to come over here by me. Kneel down at my feet. Take my heels
off, and start licking and sucking my toes through my stockings. NOW". I thought
to myself, "this wasn't so bad", and proceeded to remove her high heels and suck
on her toes. The smell and taste were starting to turn me on. I could see Tracy
was starting to get hot also. She slid one hand under her skirt towards her
pussy. The other hand fondled her breast through her bra. As Tracy started
moaning I increased the tempo of my sucking. First one foot then the other. She
seemed eager to constantly jam her feet in my mouth. After a while she told me
to stop and remove her pantyhose. While still kneeling I worked the hose off her
ass and down her legs. She took the hose and put the feet part in my mouth while
covering my head with the panty part. It was now Bobs turn. He told Amy to go
over to me and take my clothes off. Amy was reluctant at first, but with a hard
smack on the ass she complied. First my shirt then shoes, socks, pants and
underwear were stripped from me. Tracy then told me to strip Amy. I was really
getting turned on making my wife naked in front of these people. Bob and Tracy
started laughing as they watched my erection grow. Tracy had Amy take the hose
off my head and tied up my balls with one of the legs. I winced as she pulled
the noose tighter. She then commanded me down on all fours and paraded me around
the room like a dog on a leash. Bob told Amy to get down on all fours also. I
was then led up to Amy's ass an instructed to get my tongue deep inside. I could
hear Amy moaning and new she was getting turned on. While trying to get my
tongue deeper and deeper up her ass. Tracy came behind me and with a sharp
thrust wiggled her lubed hand up my hole. I screamed out in pain to no avail.
The hand and arm sank deeper and deeper into me. Bob, seeing that I stopped
tonguing Amy, came over and pushed my face hard against her ass. After a while I
got used to Tracy's hand and began to enjoy it as she moved it in and out. Bob
then took Amy and put her next to me, still on all fours, so are bodies were
touching. Amy screamed loudly as Tracy thrust her other hand up my wife's ass.
Nearly fainting, Bob came over to hold her up as Tracy's arms pumped in and out
of our holes. Amy recovered and we found ourselves moving our bodies to the
rhythm of Tracy's fucking. Tracy was getting tired. After one last deep push she
withdrew her arms and hands. Our asses made popping sounds as the now large
holes were finally allowed to close. Me and Amy fell to the floor exhausted.
Tracy  wiped her arms on our backs and hair. She then went back to the couch and
put on a pair of white tights. Bob then laid Amy down on her back in front of
his wife. Amy's ass was against Tracy's left foot with her legs and feet resting
on Tracy's thigh. Tracy told me to lie down next o Amy and get in the same
position. Bob came over and attached nipple clamps to both me an Amy. We again
cried out in pain. Bob then took a nasty looking clit clamp. He spread Amy's
pussy wide, found her clit and clamped it on. Amy started screaming. Tracy took
her foot and shoved it into my wife's cunt saying, "stop screaming bitch or my
whole foot is going into your wet pussy". I think mostly out of fear, my wife
stopped crying. Bob then took some string and attached my nipple clamps to
Amy's. He took another string and attached it to Amy's clit clamp. The other end
of this he looped on his wife's finger. Tracy said, "Now we're going to have
some real fun. Here's the deal. Each time Amy screams Bob is going to take a pin
and stick it in the head of  Johns prick. When John screams I'll give a sharp
tug to Amy's clit clamp. Is everyone ready?". Very meekly Amy asked what she was
going to do. Tracy replied, "I like collecting one of a kind things. Today I'm
going to wear a pair of expensive
shoes". Bob then took some lube and rubbed it around my wife's ass. Then he took
his wife's foot and started working its way up Amy's ass. Every time Amy cried
out he would stop, take a straight pin, and stick it in the head of my penis.
After what seemed like hours he managed to get the heel of his wife's foot into
Amy's ass. Amy was sobbing uncontrollably. Thank god she wasn't screaming
anymore. My prick looked  like a pin cushion all covered in blood. Amazingly it
was still erect. Bob lubed my hole and  started to work his wife's other foot
into my ass. Tracy stopped him and with one big push shoved most of her foot in.
I tried to stop but I screamed out in pain. Tracy gave a sharp tug on her string
and I could see my wife's clit spring up out of her pussy. Amy started thrashing
around so Bob pinned her hands down to keep her still. With a mischievous grin
Tracy then gave another push until her heel buried deep inside me.
Both me and Amy were moaning as we felt her toes wiggling around in our bowels.
Bob took out the pins from my head and started to stroke my shaft using my own
blood as a lubricant. At the same time Tracy  gave little tugs on the clit clamp
while Bob shoved a large dildo up Amy's cunt. It didn't take long before both of
us came. Bob directed my cum over to Amy's pussy. After Amy climaxed he took her
dildo and shoved it in my mouth, ordering me to lick it clean. Tracy looked at
the time and said our hour was
almost up. She gently removed her feet and our clamps from us. Her tights were
gooey and brown with some of our poop. She stood over us and alternated putting
her feet in our mouths until we had tongued them clean and they were white
again. In one last gesture, before time expired, she asked Bob to fill up the
large dog dish. Me and Amy were then instructed to bury our heads in the bowl
and eat. With our asses in the air Bob shoved his cock up Amy's ass. Tracy
strapped on a large dildo and buried it in my ass also. By the time they
climaxed me and Amy were almost done with the food. With our heads still in the
dog bowl, we pleaded to go home. Laughing, Tracy and Bob tied our hands behind
our backs. They then dragged us over to a large dog cage in another part of the
basement. They tossed us in, locked the cage and began to walk away. Me and Amy
started cursing them out for breaking their promise. Saying we "needed to cool
off", Bob and Tracy came back to the cage. Bob , with his dick still out,
started to piss into the cage. First on Amy then on me. Tracy then squatted down
and pissed into a water dish. Opening up one side of the cage she pushed the
dish in. She then ordered us to drink her piss. If we didn't finish in 30
seconds she threatened to castrate both me and Amy. With fear in our eyes we
eagerly lapped up the yellow liquid. Smiling, they walked away and turned out
the lights. Me and Amy, sore and dirty, held each other in the darkness. We both
wondered what the next day would bring.
  




The Meek Shall Inherit the Shaft   
  
Part 2 of 3.   
  
When we last left our submissive heroes, they were locked in a cage by the
sadistic Tracy and equally  cruel Bob. Can they escape their aluminum cell? Do
they want too? Amy continues the tale.   
  
When Tracy came for us the next morning, we were very stiff and smelly. She led
us out of the cage and with our backs together, attached our wrist restraints to
each other. We walked this way to the bathroom. Once there she released our
restraints and told us to clean up. She left, locking the door behind her. The
warm water felt so good. In spite of our predicament John was getting an
erection toweling me dry. I knelt down and lovingly took his sore cock in my
mouth. Sucking on the tip while stroking his shaft, it didn't take him long to
shoot his load down my throat. Tracy opened the door just in time to see me
licking off  the last traces of cum. "Enough of that", she said smiling. "Me and
Bob want to talk to you. We're going to make you an offer you can't refuse".
Wrapped in towels, she led us into the kitchen. Bob was there dressed in a
business suit. There were documents spread out on the table before him. "OK",
Bob said, "here's the deal. You will serve us for one full year. Be our slaves
and do everything we say without 
question. In return we'll pay the bills on your apartment and let you live here.
After one year we'll pay you $200,000 for your services. Talk it over then sign
these papers saying you agree".  John asked about our relatives and friends. Bob
said we will leave a message on our answering machine saying, I got a large
advance on an art project and we had to leave the country  right away, and we
wouldn't be back for a long time. "What if we don't sign", John asked. Bob
became very angry. "If you don't agree, I'll see to it you never work again!
I'll buy your apartment complex and throw you out on the street. I have friends
who will swear we were with them last night, just in case you get any ideas. In
short I'll ruin you and your pretty wife! Are you going to sign or not"? I
nodded my approval to John. He picked up a pen and signed were Bob  indicated. I
then signed beneath him. "Good", said Bob happily. "Now that that's done I'm off
to work. Tracy will take care of you now. Remember obey her or else". With that
he shoved the papers in his  briefcase and left. Tracy brought us into the
master bath. She took away our towels and had me sit on a  chair. John she
directed into the shower. She went to the closet and took out a long hose. One
end she connected to the shower spigot. Telling John to get his hands up, she
latched him to cuffs hanging from the stall ceiling. She then lifted his feet up
and put them in restraints attached to the wall. He was now
dangling over the tub, obviously in pain. Tracy slapped his ass and told him
he'd get use to it. She called me over and told me to watch. Greasing up the
hose with KY, she inserted it in his ass. She kept pushing it in until she came
to a black mark etched on the side. I figure at least a foot went inside. John
was moaning loudly. Tracy set the shower dial to warm and turned on the water. I
could hear the water going through the hose. I pictured Johns bowels filling up.
He was moaning much louder now. Tracy saw my  
concern and patted my head. "It's all right dear", she assured me. "The water is
going in very slow. It will  build up only so much before John starts expelling
it. He'll start cramping then the water will find it's way out. Isn't that right
John. Can you feel the cramping? Is it painful dear? After a while you'll come
to love it. By the size of your erection I see you're learning already. Ah, I
see the water coming out now. Here Amy, hold the hose so he can't push it out".
Taking the hose I saw chunks of brown shit coming out of Johns ass and falling
into the tub. This was followed by brown water which eventually ran clear. "You
can take it out now", instructed Tracy. "He's clean enough. Let him hang there a
while until its all expelled. Then take the hose and rinse out the tub. Let him
down easy. He'll be a little wobbly. When your done come into the bedroom". With
that Tracy left and I was alone to deal with John. My poor dear was almost
sobbing. Despite the pain, he was sporting a tremendous hardon. I rinsed and
took him down as instructed. He fell into the tub sobbing. I know I should have
felt sorry for him but I was too turned on by his humiliation. I felt my pussy
and couldn't believe how wet I was! I helped John up and we went into the
bedroom. Tracy was sitting on the bed naked. She told me that from now on, every
Friday morning, I was to give John his weekly enema. A large towel was on the
bed, which I was told to lie on face up. She 
parted my legs so my pussy was totally exposed. Going over to the dresser, she
brought back a basin filled with hot water and a washcloth. Ringing it out she
placed it over my pussy. She then took some of the water and poured It over the
washcloth. I winced as the water was very hot. Walking to the bathroom, she
returned with a razor, baby powder and shaving cream. She took off the washcloth
and told John to shave my  pussy. If all the hairs weren't off, she promised a
severe punishment. John seemed to enjoy it as he
fondled my pussy, trying to get all the hairs on my outer lips. Finally
finished, he dried me off and applied baby powder. Admiring his handiwork Tracy
patted him on the head. "Everyday John", Tracy cooed," Every day I want you to
shave Amy. Make sure she's as smooth as she is now". With that she stroked my
pussy to feel my smooth skin. Sticking a finger inside she seemed pleased at my
wetness. "We'll  have to do something about that hot little pussy", she grinned,
"John I want you to fuck Amy. Fill her pussy with
cum. Ram into her hard and deep. I'm going to get something. Don't cum till I
return. Start now". With that, John rammed his dick into my juicy cunt. While
Tracy was gone he had to stop now and then to control himself from cumming. I
got a little mischievous and pinched his nipples whenever he stopped. Tracy
returned pulling something behind her. It was Bantor, their German shepherd.
Tracy smiled and told John to cum. He rammed in and out of me furiously, finally
squirting his seed deep inside me. Tracy
told john to kneel over me so I could clean off his gooey cock. As I was
cleaning Johns cock I could feel Bantors cold nose making its way into my pussy.
His long thick tongue started lapping up my juices, reaching all the way into my
pee hole. Tracy then directed Bantors tongue on my clit. I started moaning
loudly as the rough tongue licked my swollen nub. Pulling my pussy wide open, I
screamed as my orgasm began to build. I shuddered and shook in ecstasy as my
body tensed, releasing a flood of liquid that Bantor eagerly lapped up. Tracy
seemed pleased by all this. She directed john to get off the bed and stand in
the corner. "Poor Bantor", said Tracy. "You have him so hot from eating you out.
Look he's unsheathed his prick. Get down her Amy. Put your head under his belly
and suck him off. Make sure he cums and you take in every drop". I got down
under Bantor held his cock and begin to suck . His prick was around eight inches
long, thin and wet. He tried humping my face so Tracy held him still. I could
feel his dick in my throat and his oozing cum as it trickled down. I felt his
prick knot up inside, almost choking me. Eventually his knot loosened and his
dick began to retreat. I sucked hard as it pulled out, trying to savor the last
few drops. I was so hot when Tracy touched my clit I came again, almost
immediately. "My little slut", Tracy murmured. "I'm going to have lots of fun
with you". She walked over to John and told him to get down on all fours. She
then took a black cock sheath and stretched it over his dick and balls, pulling
it
tight. She attached a dog collar to his neck while nipple clamps dug into his
tender tits. These she attached string to and laced them through his collar. He
now had a thin, but affective, leash leading to his sore nipples. "Bantor is my
dog", snapped Tracy. "From now on you'll be my husbands pet. Lets see what you
can do. Roll over. Chew on my slipper. Beg  for me. That's a good puppy. Oh, I
almost forgot a couple things". Tracy left and returned with two large fishing
weights. These she looped on the tit clamps. John screamed as his tits became
grossly distended. A sharp slap on this ass made him shut up. Tracy then got a
huge butt plug with a long fur tail at the base. "All doggies need a tail to
wag", she said. "This will look so cute. Open your ass for me John. This might
hurt a little". With one savage thrust she pushed the non greased plug up his
ass. John gave out a sharp cry and fell to the floor whimpering. "Look at your
hubby Amy", Tracy gloated. "I've made him into a pathetic little doggie right
before your eyes. Get up John. On all fours. Prance around for us. Wiggle your
cute little tale". Tracy laughed as John paraded around the room. I couldn't
help but laugh also as his new tail flopped from side to side as the weights
dangled from his chest. "Go into the hall John", Tracy commanded. "I want you to
practice going up and down the stairs on all fours. Bob will be so pleased. He's
always wanted a dog. I'm sure Bantor will also enjoy his new
dogmate". When Bob got home that evening he spent the whole night playing with
John, who he renamed Snoopy. He made Snoopy roll over, fetch, eat from a dog
bowl and beg for food. He took Snoopy out  back and watched him pee through his
new cock sheath. Bob made him dig a hole with his "paws". He then pulled the
plug from his ass and watched as he pooped  in the hole, making him cover it
with dirt afterwards. Tracy joined in the fun by sitting on Snoopy and riding
him around the yard. She constantly
pulled on his tit leash making him yelp at every turn. When it was time to
retire, they had us go down into the basement. Snoopy was ordered on his back.
Tracy sat on his head with her pussy smothering Snoopy's face. Bob got down next
to Snoopy holding his legs against the floor. Bob told me to sit on Snoopy's
chest. Tracy turned her head to me and said, "The worst part of nipple
punishment is when there removed and the blood flows back in. I want you to yank
one of the clamps off, wait 10 seconds then yank the other one. I want to feel
your hubby screaming into my pussy and bucking underneath me. Ready. Pull the
first one off". As I pulled off the nipple clamp I could feel Snoopy thrashing
under me. I imagined how he must be screaming into Tracy's cunt. All I could
hear was a muffled cry. He calmed down just in time for the other clamp to be
removed. Tracy was fucking his face wildly now. I could hear his cries every
time Tracy's pussy cleared his mouth, only to be smothered again when she pushed
down. Once Tracy climaxed Snoopy was put in his unlocked cage for the night. Bob
filled up the dog bowl and dish and placed it alongside the cage. Bob apologized
that he would have to share with Bantor until he got his own doggy bowls. I
walked over to Snoopy and patted his head goodnight. The three of us went
upstairs to the bedroom. Tracy laid me across the foot of the bed as her and Bob
tucked themselves in. Tracy's dainty foot found my mouth and I sucked eagerly.
Bob's foot nestled against my cunt. Eventually I drifted off to sleep, with
Tracy's toe still nestled against my tongue.
 



The Meek Shall Inherit the Shaft     
    
Part 3 of 3.     
    
Life has taken some cruel turns for Amy and John (a.k.a. Snoopy). It's been six
months since we've last  visited our little subs. Lets look in and see how
they're doing. Tracy continues the tale.

It seems like only yesterday when John and Amy came to stay. Poor dears. I
wonder If they still think we'll let them go after a year. No matter. They're
with us now for as long as we want them. Those forms they signed were for power
of attorney. As far as the world knows, John and Amy no longer exist. Even our
college daughter, Nora has gotten into the act. When she comes home on weekends
Amy is her personal slave. She delights in tying her up and tickling her feet
until Amy nearly passes out. Amy's changed also. She's become quite the little
dominant over John, these past few months. She really enjoys humiliating him and
giving him his weekly enema. She even taunts him as he continues to shave her
every morning. We never call John by his real name anymore. He's become Snoopy,
our household pet. We decided to pierce both  Amy's and Snoopy's nipples a few
months ago. They now wear gold rings as tit ornaments. Sometimes we link their
tit rings together and fuck them both from behind. There not allowed to wear
clothes anymore and must remain naked. What fun we have! Snoopy's tits have
become very long. He spends most of the day on all fours with weights attached
to his rings. Every week we increase the weight a little bit more. You can
imagine he's quite a site. Let me tell you about a party we had last week for
ten of our kinky friends. Snoopy, as usual, played the part of a dog. You should
have heard the laughs when he first pranced into the living room with his
buttplug tail swaying from side to side. Bob had him on a leash attached to his
nipple rings. Each guest took turns walking him around the room. Amy, the poor
dear, was also turned into a dog for the evening. We made Snoopy and her fuck
each other and lick each other off. Whenever a guest had to use the bathroom
either Snoopy or Amy followed them in. Guests were required to pee into their
mouths and use their tongues as toilet paper. A couple of the men decided
against this and pissed into Amy's ass instead. Boys will be boys I guess. After
a while Snoopy and Amy became pretty smelly. Prior to rinsing them off, we laced
Snoopy up in the tub just like when he gets his enema. This time though we put
poor Amy in the tub underneath him. I inserted Snoopy's hose into him and let
the warm water fill his bowels. Our guests got so turned on when the dirty water
finally left his ass and gushed all over poor Amy. Bob ordered Amy to open her
mouth and drink the brown liquid as bits of poop splattered her body. Snoopy was
eventually taken down and both of them rinsed clean. For the rest of the night
guests took turns fucking and abusing them. The women held Amy down on the
coffee table as hot wax was poured over her nipples and breasts. My friend
Janice took long thin needles and slid them into the wax just puncturing her
skin. Her screams were muffled by pussy's, each taking their turn, over Amy's
experienced tongue. The men meanwhile had Snoopy on all fours. While someone was
fucking Snoopy's face, another was behind him fist-fucking Snoopy's ass.
Everyone was having so much fun it was hard to leave. We had our little subs
piss into a dog bowl and drink it. Amy was forced to put on a sex show with
Bantor. She was made to lie down and suck on his cock while putting a finger up
his ass. Later she had to give him a rim job and drink his piss. We tried to get
Bantor to poop in her mouth, but he
wouldn't cooperate. In the wee hours of the morning Amy and Snoopy finally got
some rest laying at the foot of our bed. Bob and I can't wait for tomorrow.

The END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ed


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





