BDSM Library - Slave Wife




Slave Wife
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The wifes husand goes out of town. When he returns he sees that she is a slave to their friend. He enslaves them both and has some fun.
Slave Wife

This story contains BDSM, slavery, and other such items.  All of these items may
not be in this story but WILL be in future installments.  Please send comments
and suggestions to x00783@yahoo.com.  This is my first story
and hopefully more will follow.

  This work is copyright protected by x00783.  This story may be archived and
distributed as long as it is not modified and is not charged a fee to be seen or
read.




Slave Wife

  Chapter 1 - The Discovery

  "What the hell is going on around here Trisha?  I asked.

  "None of your damn business you son of a bitch!" Trisha snapped at me.

  Let me take a second and explain what is going on here.  I will start with a
little history.  I work from home on most days but once a week I go to a client
site to work on their security.  I spend the rest of the week at home hacking
that company trying to find as many ways into their systems as possible. 
Usually I can access the payroll and accounting systems and some other
classified info as company drawings, email and other systems.

  My wife does not work.  She stays around home and does the usual cleaning. 
Nicole, my wife, will also go out with her friend Trisha shopping and so on. 
Nicole and Trisha have been friends now for about 10 years.  I know they have
had each other on multiple occasions.  Usually it happens when I am out of town. 
I don't mind it; actually I really like the idea of those two at it.  My wife is
5'7" with brown hair down to her lower back.  She would not be very happy with
me saying her weight but due to her current situation she is not in much
position to fight.  My wife ways 147.3 pounds exactly.  She is not extravagantly
sized but is a nice 34C.  Trisha is 5'6"ish and about 140 or so pounds.  She has
shoulder length brown hair, which is usually in a ponytail or braid of some
sort.

  I had a meeting to attend in Chicago at a client site.  Since I live in
Columbus I decided to fly there.  The meeting went with little issue and it was
let out early.  I was planning on staying the night since this was supposed to
take two days but I got an early flight back into Columbus. The flight as usual
was uneventful except for a mild security scare at the airport.

  As I pulled into the drive I saw that Trisha was over.  I was hoping that I
might actually catch them at it.  I got out of the car and went up the walk. 
After stepping inside the house I could smell a strong sent of sex.  They either
were or just did have sex.  I put my coat in the closet and walked into the
living room where I just about died.  They were still having their little fun
but not the way I expected.  On the floor was my wife.  She was on her knees
with her arms drawn between her legs.  Her face was pushed to the ground.  She
was wearing a very shiny rubber suit, which covered from head to toe.  She also
had some very high eels on.  At first I thought they were 4 or 5" but later I
measured them at 6".  Her suit had holes for her breasts, which appeared to be
rather squeezed by the openings. There were also opening for her cunt and ass. 
On the suit there were little D-Rings on the knees, elbows, shoulder, and
thighs.  There were clips on the side of her ribcage that hooked to the knees
keeping her bent over.  She also had what looked like a very thick hood on also. 
Her ankles and wrists had cuffs with master locks on them.  There was a bar that
ran across the back of her ankles.  From the back I could see that her ankles
and wrists were cuffed to the bar.  Nicole's ass and cunt were nice and neatly
presented to me.  Her cunt, ass, and suit were all very wet and I could tell
that it was her juices that had made everything wet.  Her ass had a butt plug
and there was a nice sized vibe sitting there buzzing away. Every now and then I
would hear her moan or see her twitch but not much.

  Just as I was about ready to go over to her and look more closely Trish walked
in the room.  She was a bit pissed about seeing and started yelling at me.  She
accused me of snooping and trying to get what I could never have.  I just idly
looked at her.  She was dressed from the head down in a skin tight suit like
Nicole's but Trish's had no clips or rings on it. After listening to her ramble
for 5 minutes I told her to shut up and pusher her onto the couch.  She yelled
and cursed me out more.  I just took off my suit coat and tie and put my lap top
bag in the corner.  Trisha yelled and threatened me more.  Apparently I pissed
her off by being home. Nicole tried to thrash around but only did so for about
30 seconds.  Then she just twitched.  I figured she heard me and was trying to
get my attention or hide.  Trish by this point walked over to me and grabbed my
hair.  She yanked my head about 3 inches before my left hand went to her hand in
my hair and my right hand went to her right nipple.  I pulled on it hard and she
let go immediately and yelped.  Nicole just stayed where she was.  I pulled
harder on her nipple causing more tears and cries from her. I tossed her onto
the couch and told her if she moved I would remove her nipple.  She sat their
nurturing her nipple and crying softly.

  I walked over to an open bag on the floor and noticed a nice set of toys, of
which I assumed were Trish's.  I rummaged through every so often glaring at
Trish to make sure she went nowhere.  I got a 2 pair of and cuffs out and tossed
one to her.  After telling her to cuff her ankles she said no and I did was
point to my nipple.  She bent forward and cuffed her ankles together.  The
reason why I had her do this was so she could not get creative and decide I
needed to sing in a higher octave.  Knowing that her legs were now succumbed I
went over to her and tossed her on her stomach. I pulled each hand behind her
and cuffed them.  I then pulled her into a sitting position.

  "Trisha it is a real simple, you tell me what I want to know or we will
escalate this situation.  Now what the hell is going on?  Why is my wife the way
she is?"

  "Listen up you little fuck.  Your wife has been my little toy now for a year. 
She made a bet and lost.  Since she lost the bet she has been my little
plaything.  You were to fucking stupid to realize it!"

  I got up and walked over to the bag and got a set of clover clamps.  I walked
over to her and snapped them on each nipple as hard as I could.  I apparently
got the point across when she looked down and saw a trickle of blood.  "Now
Trashy Trisha, you can either do this the nice way or the hard way.  I don't
care which way but you will cooperate with me.  No more swearing or I can find
something for your clit." She shook her head no at that.  "Answer my questions
when I ask them or this can get VERY painful. Now what is going on here?" Trisha
was still crying.  I could also see that she was very shaken.

  "Sniff.  Sniff.  Nicole and I have been having sessions on her behavior while
you are gone.  We have been doing this now for a year.  When you leave she is
put in some form of bondage from cuffs to this or even some more."

  "I am assuming her thrashing is due to her hearing us, correct?"

  "No," she stated.  "She has to mini ear pieces with stuffing over them. The
helmet has 1/2 inch thick ear pads over the ears.  The earpieces are pumping
white static into her ears.  She has total sensory deprivation. She thrashes and
shakes every so often because of the dildo in her." She smirked at this.  "The
head of the dildo is pushed up right to her cervix. The head is inflated
slightly to keep her from expelling it.  The vibrations on her keep her close to
orgasm but it also painful with the dildo pushing on her cervix.  She has been
like this now for about half and hour now."

  "Hmmm..." I sat there thinking for a minute.  I looked over at Nicole and she
was still there twitching.  I could hear here moans.  I looked over at her and
said, "Where is the microphone for her earphones." She pointed over to the end
table.  I looked over.  It was a regular wireless mic.  It was like the ones
that they were on Jerry Springer.  I walked over and picked it up.  I went back
over to Trisha and sat right next to her.  "You are going to tell her that you
will be removing the vibe and plug.  You will then be walking her downstairs to
the basement, where she will be secured.  Ok?"

  She shook her head.  I put the mic to her mouth.  "You hot in their sweetie?"
She twitched a bit and trying to shake her head but it did not move well.  "We
are going to be moving to a new spot.  I am going to be removing the vibe and
plug then we move to he basement.  There the next part of your torture." I
turned the mic off.

  I got up and removed Trisha's handcuffs.  I pushed her to the floor and told
her to do her work.  She looked at her ankles but I just stared at her. She
crawled over to Nicole and deflated the vibe.  She removed it and Nicole moaned
pretty loud through her gag.  Trisha then removed the plug from her ass.  The
plug was pretty clean so I am assuming she was given an enema earlier.  I will
have press that later.  Trisha then released the cuffs from the bar and Nicole's
hands went to her cunt.  Trisha quickly clipped them to her waist by the hooks
and rings.  She then released the hook holding her bent over.  I walked over to
her and unlocked the cuffs around her ankles.

  "Help her stand and walk her downstairs slut." I was pretty amazed that my
Nicole and Trisha did this.  They had conspired a year on this and get away with
it.

  We walked towards the stairs.  On the way I grabbed the bag and the mic. It
took about 20 minutes to get down the stairs.  Once we were in the basement I
motioned Trisha over to my work area in the basement.  Since I do a lot of
computer work I have large table areas that that have anchor point for power and
cable tie downs.  In this case it is perfect for hands and such.

  "Lay her on the platform Trisha.  Then use these tie downs to hold her down."
I tossed her the tie downs.  She spread eagled her and tied her down. Nicole
idly tried pulling on the restraints not really expecting to escape.

  I reached in the bag and tossed Trisha 4 large wrist and ankle cuffs.

  "What the hell are these for?" asked Trisha.

  "First thing you swore.  Second.  Put them on now."

  "You can't make me.  I don't have to listen to you."

  "You are right but you will or I can clip your clit.  If you do put them on
now I will remove your clover clips." She hesitated and thought for a second
then she huffed and put on the ankle cuffs.  The looked at me and realized that
she was going to have to do it.  She placed her wrists in and sealed them.  I
walked over and padlocked each of them.

  "You know the next part dear, spread 'em." She laid down and spread herself
wide.  I tied her also with the banding ties.  I then removed her clovers and
she shook and cried a bit.  "Now we have fun."

  I walked over to Nicole and lifter her head.  She pulled it away a bit but I
still held on.  I reached for the zipper at the base of the skull.  I pulled it
up and pulled the helmet slowly off.  When I got the helmet partially away from
her skull, I pulled her hair through the hole in the helmet.  All the hair under
the skull was wet and matted.  I pulled it all the way off.  Nicole blinked
trying to readjust her eyes to the new light. She looked over to her left and
saw Trisha.  Her head flew around until she saw me then stared at me.  Her gag
was still in place along with the earplugs.  I opened the mic and said, "Dear I
am so ashamed of you. Slutting it around like a little bondage whore.  We will
defiantly have to change the way things happen around here.  For tonight I am
going to leave you with the earplugs in.  I will however remove the gag.  If you
say one word, I don't care how small and trivial I will stuff it in and leave
you all night with it.  Ok?" She shook her head.  I removed the gag and kissed
her deeply.  I then reached between her legs and pinched her clit hard. She
screamed real loud partially due to no hearing.  I opened the mic.  " You two
ladies have fun tonight.  I will be back at 8:00 am tomorrow.  I have some
thinking to do tonight."

  I flipped off the mic and tossed it on the ground.  I then went upstairs and
sat in the couch.  I looked at the floor where my wife was earlier.  I saw the
puddle of her juices there.  What am I going to do with these two?





Slave Wife

Chapter 2 - The Inquisition

I woke at 7:30 the next morning. It was a very restless night for me. I can only
hope that Nicole and Trisha's were as miserable. I am very sure it was. I got up
and walked downstairs and made a nice pot of coffee. I went outside and got the
paper and as I was outside I looked around. No one here knew I had two women
tied in my basement. It looked like any other morning to everyone else, but I
knew there was a very big difference. I went back in, got my coffee, and read
the headlines.

About 8:15ish I went downstairs to see my little victims. Trisha started begging
to be let up saying she had to pee. Nicole laid there saying nothing but pulling
on the restraints. I walked over to Nicole and removed the earplugs letting her
hear all the sounds she had been denied for at least 12 hours.

"Ladies you two are going to be in some form of bondage the rest of the day. For
now I am going to go upstairs and get cleaned up. Then I am going to let each of
you up one at a time. You will then get to take a shower and eat whatever I
prepare for you. After that we will see what happens. But I did get a stroke of
genius last night. Trish," I said looking over at her, "you are going to wear
that lovely little vibe that Nicole had inside her." Trisha seemed visibly
shaken and she started pleading for it not to happen.

"That bitch deserves it," Nicole popped up.

I glared over at her. "I told you not one damn word or else." I reached down to
her gag. And pushed it to her lips. She held fast and did not open her mouth.
After a few seconds of this I grabbed her nose and squeezed it real tight. "Open
you mouth or you will suffocate. I really don't care." After a few seconds of
struggling she opened her mouth a bit for some air. I pushed the gag in and
tightened it up. "See dear you did do what I said, not at first but you did."

I stood back looking at both of them. It was simply amazing that they were here.
What the hell was I going to do with them? I reached into the bag and got an
inflatable dildo and the nice punishing dildo that Nicole used last night. I
bent down to my wife and shoved the
inflatable dildo into her cunt. She was dry and I knew it hurt like hell. After
it was in I pumped it up till I could see her start to cry a bit from it. I then
sealed it off and removed the pump.

I crawled over to Trisha. She instantly started begging and pleading that I not
push the dildo into her. She said she would do anything at all just not push it
in. I then put the dildo down on the ground. I removed my pajama bottoms. My
wife started to thrash around and she also screamed like nothing I ever saw.

"Honey since you screwed Nicole I am going to screw Trisha. In fact I might
screw her more than I do you. After all I do have a lot to catch up with." I
reached over and squeezed Nicole's nipple hard eliciting another yelp from her.
Letting go of the nipple caused her to yelp some more. After a few seconds
Nicole eventually calmed down and was just crying lightly.

I some cream from the bag and smeared it on my dick. I knelt between Trisha's
legs and pushed in hard. She screamed at the force that I pushed in with. I
quickly clamped my hand over her mouth, as I did not want the neighbors to hear
it. I pumped in and out of her as hard as I could. She was crying like a little
baby. Quite embarrassing to see her like that but oh well. I continued this for
a few minutes and I finally exploded inside her. She just groaned. I lay there
for a bit letting her feel me inside her and also so Nicole could see that I
enjoyed it a lot. I eventually pulled out of her. I pushed the vibe in her. She
just lay there and cried some more. I inflated the head of and turned her on.
She started to moan and writhe. I pushed a gag in not wanting to draw attention
to the situation. I got up and went upstairs to get cleaned up.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

it was almost and hour later when I finally came downstairs. I went into the
kitchen and made breakfast for the two lovely ladies
downstairs. I started by getting two mixing bowls down for them. I then went to
the cupboard and got out 2 cans of corn beef hash. That is some of the nastiest
smelling stuff ever so I figured it would work. I dumped a can in each bowl then
I poured some milk and water into them. I mixed them both up real well. I opened
the door and went down to the basement.

When I got to the base of the stairs I got a strong smell of urine. I turned the
corner and saw that Trisha had relieved herself on my floor. I went over to the
girls and got a pair of wire cutters. I clipped Nicole's wires and secured her
to her hands and knees. I put the bowl in front of her and said that it was
breakfast time. I took her gag out and she said that she could not eat it. I
told her it was breakfast and that was all she had offered for awhile.

"Why are you doing this John? Why. I never meant to hurt"

I slapped her face hard. "Shut up and eat while you can. Any more words and the
food is gone. I have no idea when I might feed you again so eat now!" Nicole
started crying again sinking her face to eat her mush.

"Now you useless cunt." I said to my bound and pained victim. "You pissed all
over my floor. Apparently you forgot that there are
bathrooms for that purpose. I know exactly how to punish you. I
deflated the dildo and removed it. I then cut her ties letting her arms and legs
loose. I grabbed her by the hair and dragged her over to the largest puddle of
her piss. I then used a foot to push her into it. I pulled and pushed her in her
own piss till she was wet in it. I dragged her back over to the platform and
tied her the same as Nicole. Nicole was nibbling but not really eating much.

"Get eating you useless cunt," I yelled as I grabbed Nicole's head and pushed it
into her bowl.

I then went behind Trisha. She just kneeled there not knowing what to do. I
wanted to screw her there but she was covered in piss and I did not want to have
to shower again. Instead I got an idea. I went to the bag and got a penis gag
with a hole in it and a pair of snap on
panties. I shoved the gag into her ass. It went in half way and I was not
concerned about it slipping all the way in. The gag has a hole in it that allows
air to move through, although air would not be moving through it. I went over to
my workbench and got a small plastic tube. I use the tube to make my own fiber
optic cables for my computers. I went behind the piss slut and spread the lips
of her cunt. I then pushed the end of the tube into her urethra forming a nice
homemade catheter. She was crying and was in visible pain. I then shoved the
other end into her ass. Now the catheter was not deep enough to push past the
muscle that controlled the  bladder but it would route her piss into her ass
giving her a nice enema. I then snapped the panties on her. I removed her gag
and shoved the bowl under her face.

"Eat or else you starve. And if that little torture device is nor the way I left
it when I get back oh well."

"John, I have to pee. Please let me go." Nicole piped up.

"I told you shut up. Don't speak again or I can make your life hell." I then
went to get some cleaning supplies to clean up all the mess around here. The
sluts kneeled there eating as I cleaned up. It took about half an hour to clean
up the mess that was there.

As I came back from putting away the supplies I heard Tracy groan as I think she
realized what was happening when she pissed herself. I sat down in a chair and
noticed the mess they had made on their faces. They looked like little kids that
were playing but they were not little kids and they were not playing. I decided
that they each need a shower a new setup while I ran to the store to get some
more items. I unhooked Nicole and dragged her up the stairs by her hair. It was
a long walk up to the bathroom but we eventually made it. I told her to get in
the shower. She got in and I turned it on. I forgot to make sure I used warm
water so she started to scream. I slapped her face and told her to shut up. She
shivered and shacked as she washed he self. After she was done I dragged her to
the guest room still wet. A pain slut like her did not deserve the right to dry
off. I opened the walk in closet and pushed her in. I clipped her wrists and
ankles together so she could not escape. I then closed the door and went to get
the waste slut. I dragged her upstairs although she did cry a lot. I tossed her
in the shower and gave her cold water also. I repeated the same process letting
her wash herself in the cold water the dragged her to the closet.

While I was downstairs I got some clips and string. I got a pair of scissors
when I walked through the kitchen earlier. I tied three pieces of string to one
of the closet bars. I then stood Nicole and pulled her to the bar. I kicked my
wife's legs apart and tied the end of one of the strings to her left nipple. I
tied another piece to her other nipple and the last piece went to her clit. They
were all of different lengths and the one to her clit was the shortest. I then
did the same to Tracy but I did not use the clit rope because of her special
enema system. I went to the kitchen and got a dishpan. I then made Tracy
standing it.

" I do not want you pissing my carpet so you piss in this and we make you drink
it ok?" She just shook a bit.

I gagged them both and left them that way. As I was walking out I figured that
they might escape. But to escape they would have to rip off their nipples and
clit. It would be so painful that neither of them could stay conscious during
it.

I then went to the store to get some item. Fist for waste slut I got 2 packages
of adult diapers. I also got some ex-lax for her. For pain slut I got some
clothes pins, sewing needles, Icy-Hot, and superglue. For both I got some tacks,
a headphone splitter, 2 headphones, and thigh high stockings.

Then I went to the adult bookstore. There I got 2 inflatable dildos that got
extremely wide, they could get to 4" wide. I also got some leather straps,
inflatable gags, ring gags, butt plugs, and some nice modest heels for each.
Modest was 6" and 8".

Last I went to the hardware store where I got a good deal of lumber and the
appropriate screws and bolts. This would be a very painful week ahead for them.

End Chapter 2


The END???




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Louis Markham


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





