BDSM Library - Master Plaster




Master Plaster
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Story follows a young girl through her torments at hands of a cruel roommate. heavy BDSM,torture and incest (mother daughter)
Master Plaster
by Ed (EdNNJ42@aol.com)

Please do not read if under age of 21. Contains kinky/offbeat/graphic material not
suitable for non-adults. Strong sexual content. Just as an FYI,  I am a very gentle
person who doesn't condone the following acts. It's my hope that by exploring
BDSM in a fantasy world the reader will find sexual release and not feel
compelled to resort to actual violence.  Please do not post/copy this anywhere
without author's permission. I would love your comments (both good and bad) on this story.

Comments (good or bad) are always welcome. Please email me at EdNNJ42@aol.com.




Master Plaster  part 1 of 6 (BDSM)

Hi! Linda here. I'm just your typical average, bright, attractive, 22 year old
college student. My major is Theater but I minor in more erotic drama. Nora, my
roommate, knows this rich guy through her parents. Guess what? We've been
invited to one of his parties.

Thus begins my tale...

"Move your ass Linda! I don't want to be late", Nora said rather impatiently. "I
hear that his son Dikon is going to be there. Imagine all that money, the things
I could do, the places I could go. Hurry up girl! Rich, single cocks like his
don't last forever." Devouring money and cocks is the thing my roommate does
best. "Who else is going to be there", I shouted as I struggled to slip on
Nora's tight heels. "Around thirty people, including my parents. All rich and
famous", Nora shouted back. "Don't forget your diaphragm! You never know. Just
keep your little twat away from Dikon". I always thought it funny how she
referred to my shaved slit as the  "little twat". I guess terms like cunt and
pussy are to pedestrian for a "high-class" girl like her. I wore a long,
borrowed, gown, very low-cut with a bare back that almost went down to my bums.
I thought Nora might make some comment on my appearance, but with a "try not to
get my clothes dirty", we hurried out the door. The ride to Mr. Hulls estate was
uneventful. I usually kick off my heels in the car but was afraid I wouldn't get
them on again. Nora felt my uneasiness and assured me, with an evil grin, as the
night wore on most women took them off, along with other things. The estate was
set far back off the main road. A large fence surrounded it and a guard stood at
the gates entrance. Once inside a large, stout man came up to us and introduced
himself as Gregor Hull. He seemed pleasant enough as he took my hand and
introduced me to some of his friends. Poor Nora was distraught when she found
out Dikon was still at college. With the few other single guys already taken she
feigned a migraine and asked her parents to take her back home. Not trusting me
to drive her new jag, she took the keys with her. Mr. Hull assured me another
guest, or his driver, would take me back to the dorm. As the night wore on,
little by little the guests filtered out until only myself and another couple
were left. Jim and Janice where an older couple in their fifties. We were all
admiring one of Mr. Hull's (Gregor's) paintings when Jim asked him, "Have you
acquired any new statues." With that Gregor took my hand and led us into a
magnificent garden off the library. It was covered with roses on all sides. Down
the middle was a narrow path leading to a small pond. Within the pond stood two
ornate columns around four feet apart. Leading up to the pond, on each side of
the path, were eight plaster statues, each on a small metal base. Four male
statues were on the right and four female statues on the left. All were
life-size nudes in various positions. Between the statues lay long marble
benches, padded with thick leather. As we walked past the statues to the pond,
my nylon clad feet sunk into the moss covered ground. I had taken off my shoes a
long time ago and the moist earth felt good against my soles. Gregor stopped
before the last statue on the right. It was a man standing very straight,
holding a sword in his left hand. Jim stared at it and commented, "You've
outdone yourself Greg. Very lifelike. The veins stand out nicely. What detail
around the mouth." Jim was right. The detail was fantastic. Even the fingers
showed fine lines. "I'm using a new type of plaster and resin mix. My own
invention", Gregor said proudly. "Remember the old clay ones? I've come a long
way since then." Janice moved closer and admired it's fine white cock which
stood, at least, eight erect inches out from the body. She grasped it with her
hands and started stroking it. She lingered on the veins and gently rubbed the
head with her palm. A small slit was visible in the tip, just like the real
thing. "Can it cum", she asked. "Of course", Gregor laughed. "It can cum, and
piss too!" Gregor reached down and took a small device out of his pocket. He
handed it to Janice and said, "He's been in standby mode for most of the night.
It won't take much to push him over the edge." We all sat down on an opposite
bench and watched the statue. Janice pressed one of the buttons and we could see
lights on the device start to glow. There were ten lights all in a row. The
first seven were lit. As Janice continued to press the button two more lights
lit. As she let pressure off one by one the lights went out. This off and on
action continued for several minutes, with Janice controlling the show. "Stop
teasing Janice", Jim said rather annoyed. "This is getting boring." Janice
sighed and applied steady pressure on the button. One by one the lights lit
until all ten glowed brightly. "It's gonna blow", cried Jim. As all eyes watched
the head of the cock, a stream of white liquid spurt out. Three more spurts
followed and I marveled at how realistic the action was. "That was great", I
shouted. "You would think the thing was real." Gregor gave me a little grin and
said, "perhaps you should talk to Nora, I'm sure she can fill you in."  He then
took the device from Janice and pressed a second button. "Watch this", he
chuckled. "Only a few minutes to go." Almost on que, Jim and Janice started
undressing each other. Clothes were frantically taken off and busy hands found
inviting openings. They fell to the ground in a 69 before the statue. Janice had
two fingers up Jim's ass as she roughly sucked his cock. Jim had his face buried
in her cunt as fingers also probed her brown hole. They sucked and fucked each
others asses eventually finding a common rhythm. Cries of joy and pain pierced
the night as more fingers and, finally, hands plunged into each others bowels.
As the heaving bodies sank deeper into the moss, the statue began to pee. A
steady stream of almost clear piss arched out of the stiff penis and washed the
sweaty couple. Jim moved his mouth away so the warm liquid could fill his
partners cunt. Janice screamed loudly as her throbbing clit was hit, and pushed
her arm deeper up Jim's hole. Jim's cum splattered her face and both moaned load
and long, as intense orgasms writhed through their bodies. My own pussy was
dripping as I watched the sights before me. Gregor, on the other hand, seemed
almost bored. His face only brightened, like a proud father, when his creation
started to pee. After the pee subsided Gregor took my head and laid it against
his lap. Like a little puppy dog he stroked my hair and forehead. Janice and Jim
took the opportunity to recline me further on the bench. One got on each side,
knelt down in the cool moss, picked up a foot and began to lick my feet. They
seemed to relish licking off the dirt from my nylons. Up and down the soles they
licked and kissed. Their tongues tried to get between each webbed toe and sucked
them with abandon. My own hands found my pussy and I furiously fingered myself.
Gregor freed one of my breasts and rolled the nipple between his finger. Nearing
orgasm and moaning deeply, I saw Gregor motion to Janice. Finding her purse she
took something out and came over to my exposed breast. Gently her mouth found my
nub. She drew my nipple in and out of her mouth like a small cock. Just as I
orgasmed She took a long hidden needle and shoved it through my tit. I screamed
out in pain and ecstasy as my body convulsed. Tears ran down my cheek as I saw
the needle protruding from me. As I went to pull it out Gregor caught hold of my
wrists and held them tight. Jim pulled off my pantyhose and handed them to
Janice. Prying my jaw open, Janice stuffed them in my mouth over my muffled
cries. With a mischievous grin, she slowly pulled out the needle. Taking her
nail she then dug into my tit until her finger turned red. I squirmed under
Gregor's tight grip and screamed into the sheer fabric. She took her blood
stained finger and wiped it clean against her pussy. "Look everyone", she cried
out with joy. "I have my period back." The trio started laughing and Gregor let
go of my wrists. I quickly spit out the hose and ran towards the house.
Remembering the guard and realizing I had no way to get home, I stopped and
turned. Gregor slowly walked up to me as Jim and Janice gathered their clothes.
"That wasn't so bad was it", Gregor asked. "It could have been a lot worse! I
suggest you forget about tonight. My friends would deny everything and who would
believe you." He summoned his driver who drove me back to the dorm. I put ice on
my sore nipple and lay in bed, wondering about the statues and how Nora was
involved.




Master Plaster  part 2 of 6 (BDSM)
by Ed

Our poor little Linda. Nursing a sore nipple she's fallen asleep. Awakening to
bright sunshine she awaits her roommates arrival back at the dorm.

Nora's parents dropped her off the next morning. "How was the party", she
smirked. "Did you have fun? Or maybe your little twat went hungry all night." I
didn't know what to say. My nipple still felt sore under the cotton sheets. "My,
my", she continued. "It must have been an exhausting night for you to still be
in bed." She sat down next to me and placed her hand on my breast. "There, there
my little kitten", she cooed. "Nora will make it all better. Tell me where it
hurts?" Not giving me time to respond she squeezed my sore nipple through the
white sheet. Before I could cry out, her other hand was at my throat. "A little
word of caution, my slutty little twat. I know what went on last night. Take
Gregor's advice and keep your mouth shut! You wouldn't believe what he's capable
of." As her hands retreated I regained my composure. I assured her I would be
silent. In return I asked her to fill me in on the statues. "Forget about the
statues, for now", she advised. "I'll tell you when the time is right." A knock
on the door broke up our little chit-chat. Without asking who it was, Nora
opened it. In walked a handsome dark haired man in his late twenties. Nora
seemed stunned. "Dikon, what are you doing here", she blurted out. "I thought
you were still at college." Dikon looked at Nora and grinned. "I came home late
last night. Sorry I missed the party. I brought back your jag." Turning towards
me he sat down on the foot of my bed. His hand gently held my foot under the
sheet as he smiled, "You must be Linda. My father told me about you. Hope he
wasn't to rough. He's used to getting what he wants. Maybe I can make it
better." He reached out and tried to touch the bloody spot on the sheet still
covering my nipple. Nora grabbed his hand and exclaimed, "Linda's tit is healing
nicely. It just needs to be left alone! Why don't we go for a drive. I know a
nice secluded place where we can sit and talk." As Nora dragged a reluctant
Dikon out the door, I was alone once again. I spent the day catching up on my
studies and nursing my sore breast.  By bedtime my nipple felt a lot better.
Being so sensitive throughout the day, the constant rubbing against my silk bra
actually made me horny. I spread out the red satin sheets and fingered myself to
sleep. I was awakened by a hand over my mouth. Another set of hands quickly
grabbed my wrists and tied them to the bed. I was squirming in the darkness,
terrified, as the hands moved down my body. They spread my reluctant legs and
tied my ankles to the bedposts. A thick jelly dildo was shoved in my mouth, held
in place by a leather strap. I then heard Nora's voice, "That ought to hold her
for awhile. I told you she would cooperate. You wanted this fantasy, now I'm
going to give it to you." The lights were turned on and there stood Nora and
Dikon looking straight at me. "Sorry for the intrusion Linda", Dikon said
softly. "Nora told me about your sexual preferences and we thought you might
like this little bondage scene." Nora instructed Dikon to get in the bathroom
and take a quick shower. While he was gone she knelt down and whispered in my
ear. "My poor little kitten. Dikon it seems is really into sucking a women's
discharge. Unfortunately my period hasn't arrived yet. I told him yours just
started and you loved to be sucked clean. Of course I also mentioned how much
you love to be bound and gagged while this is happening." My head was spinning
as I listened. I must admit that sometimes I privately fantasized about being
bound and sucked. Maybe this wouldn't be so bad, maybe I should relax and enjoy
it. My body started to loosen when it struck me that Nora new my period hadn't
started. I tried to expel the dildo but it wouldn't budge. Nora only smiled. She
walked away and came back holding a thin metal blade. "Don't worry", she said.
"Just a few little cuts. Janice instructed me on what to do. The best thing you
can do is keep still. If you move then you'll REALLY get hurt. Just remember
that you'll heal good as new in a few days." I broke out in a cold sweat as I
realized what she was going to do. I couldn't believe she could be so cruel. Her
hands felt cold as she parted my outer lips. I felt a cloth wipe my pussy dry.
Her hand moved deeper as the fingers spread my inner lips open. My body was
rigid as her other hand entered my hole. I winced in pain as the blade pierced
my soft flesh. Fearing that the blade might cut deeper, I tried to hold still.
Again and again the metal slit my delicate inside. After the seventh cut her
hand finally withdrew. Still holding me open I felt a thin tube being inserted.
My pussy felt like it was on fire as it swallowed up the tube. "That's a special
Tampon I got from Janice", Nora said as she let my lips free. "It contains an
antibiotic plus something to keep the blood from clotting. Remember this is our
little secret." Nora went over to the bathroom and opened the door. I could see
Dikon drying himself off. His dick was on the small side but very thick. Nora
lead him over between my spread legs and then dimmed the lights. My body writhed
in pain as she pulled the Tampon from my cunt. Holding it up to my face, it was
covered in deep red blood. It felt warm as she laid it down between my breasts.
Dikon, meanwhile, spread my pussy wide and drove his tongue deep into my womb. I
could feel his slick tongue lapping at my bleeding hole. I started thrashing
about as he spread me wider. His mouth was insatiable as he sucked the warm
blood through the open slits. Nora moved behind him. Dikon moaned as Nora
tongued his ass and played with his cock. Eventually he stopped sucking and
crawled on top of me. His face was deep red and just a few inches from my own.
As he kissed my nose I felt his thick cock invade my pussy. Lubricated by my own
blood his cock pumped in and out. The pain was intense but my screams went
unheard. His sweaty body slid against mine and held me down. I could feel the
blood smear on my face as he aggressively kissed and sucked on my skin. With one
last push his sperm gushed into me. I could feel his dick throb and pictured the
milky fluid mixing with my crimson wetness. As he stood up the Tampon had stuck
to his chest. Nora laughed and removed it. Taking a towel she wiped him off and
suggested he take another shower. He declined, came over to me, and started to
remove my gag. Nora stopped him and said, "She likes to remain like this for
awhile. It adds to her fun. I'll untie her, as usual, in the morning." Dikon
nodded and kissed me tenderly on the forehead. Whispering softly he said, "I
never tasted a woman like you. Your blood was so warm and sweet. I hope we can
do this again." After getting dressed he thanked Nora and walked out the door.
Nora took another Tampon from her purse and slid it into me. "This one will help
close the wounds. I suggest you leave it in all night", Nora said very
nonchalant. "As promised I'll untie you in the morning." Staring at me for
awhile, I could see she wasn't through. "I got so hot looking at Dikon fuck you.
I'll make you a deal. If you agree to suck my pussy till I cum I'll release you
now, plus I'll clue you in on the statues". I nodded my agreement and was let
loose from the bonds. I untied the gag and coughed the dildo out of my mouth as
Nora undressed. No sooner was the dildo out when Nora straddled my face. Her
pussy grinded into my teeth. I could feel her moist clit against my nose as I
tongued her cunt. Her juices flowed into my mouth while I sucked and nibbled on
her inner lips. Turning around, she positioned her ass over my face and ordered
my tongue inside. I licked and sucked on the brown hole as her chin rested
against my belly. Instructing my hands to open her wide, my tongue went deep
inside. I licked the tip of a hard turd, as she sighed her pleasure. Feeling her
push, the small brown ball moved down her hole against my teeth. Tasting the
round mass she ordered me to swallow. Opening wide, I parted my teeth and let it
slide down my throat.  Moving herself back, she positioned her clit over my
mouth and told me to suck. I squeezed her throbbing bud between my lips, drawing
it in and out. Her body stiffened and a strong orgasm shuddered through her
body. Rolling off me and breathing heavy she caressed my face. Planting a tender
kiss on my lips she whispered. "The statues are real. Gregor somehow finds
people with no attachments and kidnaps them. He has a lab where they're coated
in his mixture and posed. Thin wires monitor their body functions as other wires
stimulate their organs. Through surgery he can deliver food and water directly
into the stomach. Even their waste can be directed through plastic tubes. You'll
learn more about the statues later. For now be content and remember, you'll wish
you were dead if you tell a soul." Once again I drifted off to sleep. This time
with my pussy aching but still thinking about the statues, and what more there
was to learn.




Master Plaster  part 3 of 6 (BDSM)
by Ed

Our poor little heroine, Linda, has had a tough time. All good things though
come to an end. The school year is now over and Linda awaits the arrival of her
mother, who is taking her home.

"The dorm looks so different with boxes everywhere", Linda thought. "I hope mom
gets here before Nora does." Just then Nora, and her parents, came through the
door. Opening the bottle of wine he was carrying, Nora's father poured everyone
a drink. "A toast to my two girls!", he bellowed. "Everyone drink up!" Linda
drank down the red liquid, happy she wouldn't be seeing Nora for the rest of the
Summer. "Too bad you won't be coming back in the Fall", said Nora. "I'll miss my
little roomy and all the fun we had here." I could hear Nora's words but had
trouble focusing on her. "I hope my new roomy is a slut just like you!" Feeling
drowsy, I fell down at Nora's feet. The last thing I remember was them laughing
over me. I awoke and found myself naked, bound to a metal table. The room around
me resembled a doctors office only bigger. It was all white and sterile looking.
Large machines stood in the corners and strings dangled from the ceiling. I lay
there unable to move from my bonds. Tears formed in my eyes and I whimpered like
a baby. I heard footsteps behind me and strained to see who it was. Gregor and a
beautiful naked girl came into view. "I hope you don't mind me taping this", he
said. "I'm sure to relish this one many times." I screamed for him to let me go.
I warned him about my mother and other friends who would miss me. He just
laughed and said, "It's all been arranged. You're mine to do with as I please.
If you cooperate you might enjoy yourself, if you don't I promise you unbearable
torment." Taking the girls hand he helped her up onto the table. She stood over
me with a foot on each side of my hips. Her nipples were pierced and held large
steel rings. A long clear tube dangled from her shaven pussy. Looking closer I
saw her outer pussy lips were also pierced and held a dozen or so tiny rings on
each side. Laces were drawn through the rings like one would lace a boot. The
tube squeezed through some of the laces making it apparent that was the only
opening in, or out of, her cunt. "Do you like it?", Gregor asked. "The tube goes
directly into the bladder. Lets show Linda how it works." Gregor took the end of
the tube and held it over my cunt. Pressing a button on a remote in his other
hand, the girl began to moan. After a few seconds I could see yellow liquid
running down the tube and onto my pussy. The girl was shaking over me as her
hands busily pulled on the nipple rings. Moving the tube over my body, Gregor
held it over my face and let the liquid drip onto my lips. Rubbing the piss into
them he knelt down and kissed my forehead. "See how gentle I can be", he said
quietly. "If your good you get rewarded. If your bad you get punished. Let me
show you." With one swipe he hit the ankles of the girl over me with such force
that she fell face first on top of me. He then gathered straps from under the
table and lashed the girl tightly to me. I could feel the cold of her nipple
rings against my breasts and her hot breath against my chin. Her moist cunt
rings dug into my pussy as the tube bent down and sank, lengthwise between my
lips. With fear in her eyes I watched as Gregor brought the remote up to her
face and pressed a red button. The young girls body writhed into me as her
screams filled my ears. Sobbing she laid her head down and cried into my
shoulder. Gregor released the straps holding her and sat her down in a chair.
"Claire has everything she needs to take care of you", Gregor said. "I'll be
seeing you after my business trip." Turning to the girl, he told her to rest a
few minutes then get started. Gregor left and I could hear the girl panting,
still recovering from her ordeal. After a few minutes, the girl came over to me.
"I'm Claire", she said. "For the next few hours you belong to me. Just one
instruction before we get started. The only thing I want coming from your mouth
are screams and moans. The room is lined with cork so no one can hear you.
Begging for mercy won't help and all talking will be punished severely. Do you
understand?" I nodded my head in agreement and saw her walk off towards a table.
She returned with a video camera which she set in a box suspended from the
ceiling above my feet. She then wheeled over a cart and positioned it next to my
head. Glancing down I saw an array of needles, pliers and rings. My heart raced
faster and I started sobbing at what was in store. Taking a long needle she
dipped it in alcohol. Being careful not to block the camera she grabbed my tit
and rolled it between her fingers. She pinched and fondled it till it started to
grow. Squeezing hard on the tip and stretching my breast up she plunged the
needle into my soft flesh. I screamed in agony but she pushed it in further.
Leaving the needle in she started work on my other nipple. The pain was
immeasurable as she sank the second needle into my other nipple. As I cried for
mercy she went to the tray and brought up a brass ring open at one end.
Attaching it somehow to the end of the needle she thread it through my breast.
Crying in agony I passed out on the table. When I came to my breasts felt like
they were on fire. Looking at them I saw two large brass rings closed through
them. My pussy was also aching and I realized she must have attached rings to it
also. "Gregor likes to put in the tube himself", I heard Claire say. "I'm almost
done with you. Just one more thing left." Claire reached up and brought two
cords down from the ceiling. Both had a hook on the end. Reaching over she
attached the hooks to each of my brass rings. She then took the cords, threaded
them over a pulley and attached them to what looked like springs. Looking coldly
at me I saw her hand move towards a lever. With one motion she pushed on the
lever and the springs snapped down. My breasts jumped high in the air as I
shrieked in pain. Just as I felt my flesh tearing the pressure eased. Claire
then took a stick and beat on the cords. My breasts bounced up and down wildly
as the springs vacillated. My sobs turned to low whimpers and I grew weak from
the constant pain. At last the cords slackened and Claire turned off the lights,
leaving me alone to ponder Gregor's next torment.
I must have fallen asleep for the next thing I knew strange hands were parting
my pussy lips and probing inside. I looked up and saw Claire standing next to
me. She examined my nipple rings and brought over a bottle of liquid. Taking two
large pieces of cotton she put one over each nipple. "This might hurt", she
said, as she poured the liquid onto the cotton. I screamed as my raw nipples
once again burned like fire. Just as the pain became bearable my body was
assaulted once again as I felt the liquid being poured over my sore pussy.
Sobbing and moaning, the hands that had been at my hole now covered my mouth. I
looked up and saw an older man dressed in white hovering over me. "I don't
appreciate all this noise", he shouted. "That medicine is for your own good. Now
keep quiet so I can finish my examination." He took his hand away as Claire
released my bonds. Taking measurements and notes, he probed every part of my
body. Making me stand, for the first time I could see my pussy. The outer lips
had been pierced like Claires but not laced. The liquid had left a brown stain
over my mound and breasts. As I stood my nipple rings dangled and I winced from
their weight. Weak from the torture and from laying so long, Claire braced me as
I stood. When the exam was finished, Claire walked me to my room. It was small
but well furnished. Every day, for at least a week, Claire took care of me. She
brought me food, vitamins and nursed my sore nipples and pussy. She still
wouldn't let me talk and whipped me with a leather strap the few times I tried.
One day she brought a man with her. He had us stand facing each other and
ordered me to unlace Claires pussy. When her pussy was open he took a double
dildo and shoved at least 9 inches up it, alongside her tube. He then took the
other end of the dildo along with her tube and worked it into my cunt. I started
to cry but a sharp slap on my ass taught me otherwise. Pushing us closer he took
Claires laces and threaded them through our pussy rings. Our pussy flesh was now
intertwined with the dildo and tube completely hidden up our cunts. Next he
clamped our nipple rings together. Taking Claires arms he pulled them tight
around my back and tied them, taking my arms he did the same. Our ankles and
knees were also strapped firmly together. He then took tape and wrapped it
around our chest and back, making our arms and upper body completely immobile.
Taking more tape he pushed our lips tightly together and secured our heads, so
we were locked in a permanent kiss. A large black hood was placed over our heads
and secured at our necks. It was difficult to breath and my body started turning
numb from the bonds. We stood there for awhile until I heard voices. Different
voices were talking and laughing. I could see white flashes through our hood and
surmised that pictures were being taken. We were pushed down on the bed and I
could feel fingers probing my ass. Feeling Claires body wiggle next to me I
imagined she was going through similar actions. The fingers were replaced by a
large dick pushing up my rear. Little by little it invaded my ass. I could feel
the body laying next to me as it grappled to grab us both. The dick was now
buried deep in my bowels and I felt it rub against the dildo and Claires tube.
Another set of hands dug into my back and I guessed Claire also was invaded. I
felt other hands holding our feet still as the fucking action started. Ramming
into us I pictured what a sight we must be. The thrusts of Claire and her
invader now matched our own. Our bodies constantly crushed and mashed against
each other as the fucking increased. I could hear Claire moan into my mouth and
noticed me doing the same. Our pussy's got wetter affording the dildo more
freedom to move with each thrust. Orgasms finally writhed through our bodies as
cum spurt deep in our bowels. The hood made it very difficult to breathe, and we
both gasped for air as it was removed. The two men who had fucked us both got
leather straps and savagely beat our bottoms. Other men and women in the room
cheered them on as large welts started to surface. Through the slapping of the
leather and our cries I could hear Nora's voice calling us "pussy whores." Then,
abruptly, the beating stopped and the room fell silent. Out of the corner of my
eye I could see Gregor standing by the door. With our lips and bodies still
taped together, Gregor told everyone to leave. After all had gone, the lights
were turned off and we were left, bound alone on the bed.    
      



Master Plaster  part 4 of  6 (BDSM)
by  Ed

What a predicament our heroine is in! Bound tightly to Claire she wonders what
new torments lie ahead. If she only knew!

I awoke the next morning to find my pussy wet with Claire's pee. Looking into
her eyes, it was easy to communicate our feelings. As we struggled to get up,
the dildo and tube worked their magic inside us. Soon we found ourselves lying
on the floor trying to hump against our thick prisoner. As Claire's orgasm
approached her tongue darted wildly inside my mouth. Some of the tape had
loosened and our tits now pulled at one another through the linked rings.
Claire's body tensed and I felt warm liquid seep between our pussy's. My own
orgasm soon followed, adding to the oozing mass. As we lay, exhausted on the
floor, two men came through the door. Approaching us they ripped off our tape.
Claire and myself screamed in unison. Deep red marks appeared where the tape
once was. Holding us down they untied our binds and unlaced our pussys. I felt a
little sad as Claire was disconnected from me. She was ushered out of the room
and I was left alone to tend my wounds. I don't know how many days I stayed
there. A young naked girl would bring me food and vitamins. Another man came to
see me every few days. He would inspect my body and tend to my bruises. After a
time the welts on my ass healed as did the tape marks.  I was sitting on the bed
reading when the small girl came in once again. This time she brought along a
small box. Taking a large lace bodystocking out of the box she laid it on the
floor. I was instructed to step into it. As my feet sunk into the sheer material
she came from behind and blindfolded me. I stood there for a few minutes
listening to my heartbeat and wondering what lied ahead. Soon I heard other
voices and felt a soft body being pushed against me. The woman's feet felt soft
against mine as she stood facing me. I hoped it was Claire but soon realized
that this person was taller. I could feel a large dildo being forced up my cunt.
Next I felt my pussy rings being laced to something. I assumed it was my new
partner. Our tit rings where attached next. After that our hands were wrapped
around each other and tied off. Our lips where pressed together and held in
place by a large rubber band which encircled our heads. I could then feel two
sets of hands working the body stocking up our naked forms. Slowly the tight
suit worked up our flesh, binding our skin together. Our tit rings sank deep in
our breasts as the constricting fabric pulled up our backs. Our arms and hands
caressed each other tightly as the suit finished it's journey. Standing there
tightly bound my blindfold was removed. Looking into each other's eyes we soon
shook in horror. Tears formed as I realized I was entombed with my mother. Her
eyes too swelled, and we both sobbed together. "What a touching reunion! You two
look like Siamese twins", the familiar voice bellowed. It was Nora, come to
torment me again.  "Take them in the tub and clean them out. I have two
surprises waiting for them." As ordered, two men half dragged, half carried us
over to the bathroom and lifted us into the tub. I could feel a finger breaking
the fabric and pushing into my brown hole. It lubricated my rim and entered deep
inside. By my mother's expression I knew she too was getting the same treatment.
Next I felt a tube being worked up my ass. Slowly it sank into my bowels. A
large knob was then forced past my hole. I flinched in pain. A second later I
felt my mom jerk, to I'm sure, was a similar intruder. I then heard a faucet
turn and felt warm water entering me. Soon the cramping started. We both gurgled
into each others mouths as the water distended our bellies, making our confines
even tighter. Writhing in pain, the flow finally stopped. "Now you look like
pregnant Siamese twins", the men laughed. I strained to expel the water but
couldn't. After an agonizing few minutes, the men must have released a valve and
our water came flooding out. Our nylon covered feet remained dry so I imagined
the water had drained elsewhere. I could still smell the stench as my nose
pressed against moms. They waited a few minutes for the water to stop draining,
then they started the torture over again. Three times our bellies expanded and
collapsed, until they were satisfied we had been thoroughly cleaned. Pulling out
the tube caused renewed pain. They then rubbed a greasy salve around our
inflamed holes. My heart cried for my mom, knowing her torment was the same as
mine. I had always admired her beautiful form and made a point of going to the
bathroom whenever I knew she was changing her Tampon. Now I was racked with
guilt as I looked into her teary eyes.
We were carried back into the bedroom and dumped on the bed. "It's time to get
you two ready for the show tonight", Nora explained. "I want you to meet two
friends of ours to help you along."  Looking past mom's head I saw a large black
man walk over and stand next to the bed. He was naked and sported a huge
erection. It was at least ten inches long and thick as my wrist. Rolling over, I
saw another black man on the other side with an erection just as big. Slowly
they climbed onto the bed and nuzzled next to us. There fingers found our sore
holes and started pushing inside. The giant digits twisted and turned widening
our rim. "Get on with it! I haven't got all day! Fuck there white asses with
your black cocks", cried Nora. I felt the massive head at my rim trying to push
inside. I moaned into mom's mouth as the thick orb finally broke through. I
could feel mom's lips tighten as her intruder also broke in. Slowly there bodies
squeezed us tighter together as the monsters worked their way inside. Deeper and
deeper, wider and wider the shafts sank into our bowels. Our whimpers were
almost constant as we finally felt their balls against our cheeks. Then, slowly
at first, they started a fucking rhythm. I could feel their pricks sliding
against my pussy wall, alongside the implanted dildo. The movement was electric
and I found myself growing warm with desire. They continued thrusting in and out
at the same time. With each thrust my body would slap against my mom's and the
shared dildo would undulate. Soon low moans of passion could be heard. I felt my
mom's tongue creep past my lips and I sent out mine to meet it. The tips of our
tongues danced as our bodies, willingly now, picked up the fucking rhythm. Our
two black gods grunted and moaned as their pace quickened. The dildo inside us
was pistoning frantically inside our cunts. Our pussy walls rumbled from the
massive movements against it. Me and mom lost all pretense as our nails sunk
into each other's flesh. The bed springs and headboard knocked out a loud song
joining the moaning chorus. With waves of multiple convulsions me and mom
climaxed. Our tears of pain turned to tears of joy as spasms rocked our bodies,
centering on our zippered pussys. The black behemoths soon shot their frothy
milk deep into our bodies. The rippling of the penises seemed to match the waves
of pleasure rolling up our cunts. Letting us rest for a bit, Nora finally spoke,
"I never realized how much a whore your pussy mom is Linda. Looks like she's no
stranger to black cock. I'm sure she'll love tonight's festivities." The monster
cocks, now wilted inside us, easily withdrew from our grossly stretched holes.
As the black men left we were cut out of our prison by one of the men. Our
pussies had molded together so tightly that when the laces were removed they
remained locked together. The man pushed against our bellies to separate us. As
our lips peeled away the slick dildo slid to the floor. Our cunt's dripped onto
our feet as our tit rings were unclasped. My mom tried to speak as our lips
parted but Nora quickly lashed her ass. "No talking Gail. You know the rules.
Unless of course you want to see your pretty daughter REALLY suffer." Mom
remained silent as Nora directed me to lean over the bed. Pushing mom's head
into my ass, she ordered her to, "clean out that black baby making cum from your
slut daughter." Mom obediently licked and sucked on my rim. I could feel the
copious discharge oozing out of my ass onto her tender tongue. Her licking and
sucking soothed my poor hole, as did the warm silky cum. Soon it was my turn to
return the favor.  I licked and kissed tenderly the rich white froth from her
ass and cheeks. When I was done, Nora grabbed mom and ushered her out of the
room followed by the others. Once again I was alone. My head swam with
conflicting thoughts, each tugging at my heart and fears. Drained of emotion and
strength and longing for escape, I fell fast asleep. 




Master Plaster  part 5 of  6 (BDSM)
by  Ed

What a time our little slut has had! I wonder what is holding her together. Read
on if you dare.

 I awoke to find Gregor standing over me. Taking my hand he lead me out of the
bedroom into the hall. Passing through a guarded door we descended down a long
staircase. My naked soles felt numb against the cold concrete steps. Reaching
the bottom another guard opened up a large steel gate. I expected a dungeon
atmosphere but was happy to find my toes sinking into a thick soft carpet. The
room was large with plush chairs all around three sides. "This is our theater",
boasted Gregor. "You'll be performing here tonight. I saw the previews that Nora
took. I can't wait for the main event." My head ached as I realized all that had
happened was probably taped. My torments and shame, no doubt, were being used
for the sexual amusement of others. We walked through another set of doors and
entered a long dark corridor. On either side were blackened windows. Stopping
before one, Gregor pressed a button and the black glass started to turn clear.
"This is Monica. One of my greatest achievements. You'll be seeing more of her
tonight. Take a long hard look my lovely. See what technology and science can
do." As the glass cleared he pushed my head forcing me to look. Inside I saw a
women around my age, pushing two tall gurneys with gigantic balloons on top. My
puzzlement soon turned to horror when I realized those weren't balloons but her
breasts. They must have been two feet long and just as wide. Each table
supported one and rolled over the floor as she moved . The nipples were grossly
distended and stuck out far from the massive melons. "Each one weighs over sixty
pounds", Gregor said proudly. "She must keep them on the tables in order to get
around. She's always in great demand. Those tit's grow even longer when she gets
aroused, as you'll soon see." I felt weak as the window again darkened. Was this
to be my fate? I started to cry as once again we ventured down the hall. "Know
need for tears, just yet, my pet. I want you to meet an old friend." As we
entered another room I spied several people. Some wore white coats and busied
themselves over long tables and instruments. In the corner stood a statue of a
nude girl. Walking closer I broke down and sobbed. It was Claire. The monster
had turned her into one of his artworks. Dropping to the floor I cried
uncontrollably. "Now, now", Gregor said softly. "Claires okay. She's just a
little stiff right now. But she's still alive. As long as I release her in time
she'll be good as knew. We're just going to play with her for awhile." I stopped
crying and reached for the statue. Gently my lips kissed her cold foot. "How
touching! Did you show her these drawings Greg. Does our little slut know what
she's in for." I turned quickly to see Nora standing next to Gregor. In her hand
she held three or four sketches. Throwing them down, I saw the artist had drawn
two women, tightly bound together, in various poses. I shuddered and cried when
I saw the scribble "mother and daughter" at the bottom of one sketch. "Your
little show this afternoon was so hot, our friends here thought it would be a
good idea to put you and mom on permanent display. Just think how close the two
of you will become", Nora smirked out. With tears in my eyes I looked helplessly
at Gregor. Turning to Nora he gave her a nasty look. Nora immediately became
silent and walked away. Taking my hand Gregor told me "not to worry." I stood up
and whimpered into his shoulder as he held me tight.
The night found me alone in a small dark room. I was sitting in the corner for
hours when the door finally opened. A small girl came in and lead me out into
the theater. I could hear many voices coming from the seats but couldn't see
anyone because of the bright lights shining down on me. The girl left and I was
left alone in the middle of the stage. I heard a noise behind me and saw Nora
and her mother rolling two padded tables out of a side door. They stopped next
to me. Nora's mom disappeared and returned with my mother. Me and mom embraced
as the crowd clapped. Nora motioned with her hand and out stepped the two black
men that we had been fucked by earlier. They walked over to the tables and lied
down, face up. Their massive dicks were already standing at attention. Nora and
her mom separated us. They then forced our heads down on the thick black cocks.
While Nora roughly bobbed my head up and down on the huge pole, I spied my mom
getting the same treatment. The crowd hooted their approval. Four men, all
wearing dog collars, then came on stage. Two of them picked me up, turned me
around, and centered my brown hole against the thick black dick. Nora then took
the head and teased my rim with it. As the crowd cheered, the men lowered my
body and I sank onto the intruder. My screams mixed with the crowds frenzy as my
ass was stretched for their amusement. Slowly the monster invaded me, till I
could feel his balls against my ass. Nora then strapped me down to the black
mans chest. There I lay, staring at the ceiling with a huge chunk of black cock
buried deep within me. Turning my head I could see my mom now going through the
same thing. Nora's mom seemed to tease her hole for a long time before she was
finally impaled. Our tables were then wheeled next to each other and locked in
place. We turned our heads to look at each other, tears still streaming down our
cheeks and falling on the slick black chests below. Staring towards my bare
feet, I saw the surrealistic site of two collared men, each holding a massive
breast. They pointed the long tits straight at us, as they stroked them liked
small dicks. I could hear Monica moan in the background. A harness and wires
were lowered from the ceiling behind the unreal mounds. Next thing I knew the
massive melons were hovering above us. Poor Monica was strapped in a tight
harness with her boobs hanging free. I could see her shaved pussy and dainty
feet flying over us. The crowd laughed with delight. Her body was lowered so her
long nipples grazed our mouths. Nora and her mom forced our lips apart and
taunted our mouths with the pink buds. Suddenly the breast dropped and covered
my face. The nipple went deep down my throat. I twisted my head frantically
trying to breath. My entire face was covered with soft flesh. I could hear the
muffled cries of laughter as I gasped for air. Gratefully, the mound was finally
lifted. Monica once again flew above us as me and mom took long, deep breaths.
Monica was then positioned with her tits over our slits. Our two tormentors held
the nipples in one hand while exposing our clits with the other. As the melons
lowered once again, our clits were rubbed with Monica's tender nipples. Soon me
and mom started moaning and our cunts seeped with cream. Lowering some more, our
pussy's engulfed Monica's tips. Two of the men started rocking her breasts back
and forth. As the crowd cheered, Monica fucked our cunt's with her nipples. Our
black cushions also started a fucking motion in time to the swinging flesh.
Massive black hands reached up and found our tits. Soon me and mom stiffened our
bodies as waves of pleasure crested in us. The black giants stopped their
pumping as we came. I felt the warm drops of cum drip on my toes, from Monica's
cunt, as she was lowered to the floor.  While Monica was being unfastened Nora
came over and whispered in my ear.
"Is my little slut having fun? Wait till you see what I have planned next! You
might be interested that there was a mistake in the pills you've been taking.
Instead of Birth control Pills SOMEHOW you've been taking fertility drugs! Guess
what, today is when your most fertile. Isn't that an unhappy coincidence! Just
think, when you and Gail are encased in plaster you might be pregnant. Imagine
that soft belly growing big against your mom. My poor little twat. Dikon will
NEVER want you with a black bastard growing inside. I hope it's twins. I'm only
sorry my dad is away on business. He'd love to see what's coming up next."  Nora
then kissed me on the forehead and walked away. I turned to mom and whispered,
"I love you." My mom turned to me and smiled. I heard the crowd clap and looked
around to see what was happening. Standing, facing the audience were four huge
black men. They had arms raised over their heads and the crowd was cheering.
They then put their arms down, turned, and faced us. My skin went pale as I
spied their cocks. I've never seen such gigantic spears. Each was at least a
foot long and wider than my hand. They stood erect and glistening in the bright
white light. Two of the men walked over and stood at our feet. Releasing a
latch, they parted the two tables. Next they pulled the lower half of the table
away. The giant under me must have found a ledge to support his feet. My feet
and legs dangled uncomfortably in the air. Standing before me the massive man
took my legs in his hands and placed my feet upon his chest. I strained to see
if mom was in the same position. As I turned my head the huge bulb of one of the
other giants, thrust into my mouth. "Suck it you white bitch! If you dare bite
me I'll shove it so far down it'll come out your ass!" I trembled as my mouth
strained to cover the black intruder. I could feel my cunt lips part as the
other head made it's way into my pussy. I moaned and winced into the thick penis
as my pussy flesh stretched. My tongue played with the huge pee hole while the
walls of my vagina strained to expand. Deeper and deeper I felt the huge cock
descend up my hole. The thin wall of tender flesh that separated the two
monsters was squeezed with ungodly pressure. The pain became unbearable as I
felt the huge mushroom head knocking against my womb, trying to split me in two.
The cock stopped it's journey as my eyes filled with tears. For a moment all was
calm. The crowd then shouted for blood as the black giant smiled at me. His hand
reached down over the cock in my mouth and wiped the tears from my eyes. He then
started his fucking motion. Slowly he withdrew a few inches then pushed it back
in. I couldn't believe my pussy could expand so much. The black man underneath 
me also started to slow fuck. I could feel the massive snakes gliding against
each other as they tried to burst me open. The giant in my mouth pushed in
slightly, but seemed content to only have me suck and lick the head. As the slow
fuck continued my thoughts turned to what Nora said. I imagined my fertile womb
filled with oceans of strong black sperm. Each eagerly attacking my fragile
white egg trying to push inside. I imagined my belly growing large with one, or
more, black bastards inside. Each one a giant like his father, waiting to drop
and rip my cunt open as it pushes to get out. I could almost feel their strong
mouths sucking my huge breasts dry. Gnawing on my sore nipples looking for more
food. I was brought back to reality as the humping increased. With the crowd
cheering "FASTER, FASTER" both men increased the tempo. The black god holding my
legs squeezed them tight against his waist. The cock in my mouth was dislodged
as my strapped down body moved violently. The table creaked as I was plowed
into. The man at my head moved behind the table to steady it. Both cocks now
rammed furiously in and out of my holes. My clit was being rubbed raw from the
constant friction. I was delirious with pleasure and pain. I found myself
screaming, "FUCK ME, FUCK ME" over and over. I heard my mom screaming also. She
was making inhuman sounds of agony, or maybe ecstasy. I didn't know and I didn't
care. Suddenly the cock in my ass grew even thicker. His beautiful black hands
crushed my chest as he spasmed into me. Wave after wave, I felt the massive
shaft spurt it's load deep in my bowels. My own orgasm was near. I could feel
the massive tremor building. With one final thrust my black god pushed deep into
my pussy. I screamed my head off as my orgasm erupted. I could feel his gallons
of seed pouring into me, bathing my womb with countless black sperm. The
contractions in my cunt only pushed the seed deeper into my fertile belly.
Totally exhausted I lay limp on my black bed. My pale white skin, drenched in
sweat was in sharp contrast to the deep, black, oily skin of my lovers. The
black god at my pussy withdrew his majestic dick. Walking over to my head he put
the slimy mushroom against my lips. I eagerly cleaned him off. Soon I felt
another set of hands holding up my legs. The cock that I had licked before was
now anxious to play deep inside me. Thrusting hard he glided his cock far up my
canal. I could only manage low whimpers as he rammed in and out. After a short
time he to, shot his seed into me. Buried deep in my womb the ocean of black
sperm swam. He patted my full tummy as he withdrew, as if to say, "pretty soon
you'll be carrying a fine black bastard." I felt guilty for ignoring my mom all
this time. I had also lost track of the crowd. One of my black impregnators
unstrapped me and helped me up. I was so weak I fell down against him. The white
cream in my ass and pussy flowed onto the floor.  The audience clapped an
enthusiastic approval. Like in a play, all four black men took a bow. I crawled
over to my mom and we both huddled, holding each other, on the floor. The crowd
then cried, "AUTHOR, AUTHOR." Nora and her mom appeared and also took their
bows. As the stage cleared we were lead away out a side door and into a small
room. Gregor was there along with Dikon. Nora grabbed my arms and held me tight
in a bear hug. Her mother did the same to my mom. Gregor took two hypodermic
needles from a tray and handed one to his son. Standing before us he spoke,
"This is the last time you'll see each other this way. From now on you'll be as
one. Forever joined at your cunt, tits and lips for the amusement of my guests.
The surgeons are waiting, it's time to say goodbye." Me and mom started crying
like babies. Gregor  stood beside my mom while Dikon was next to me. Raising the
needles I saw the liquid squirt out the tips. Quickly the sharp tips flew down.
I watched as the pale flesh was pierced. Cries filled the air as darkness
descended on the room.




Master Plaster  part 6 of  6 (BDSM)
by  Ed

It's the last chapter and our sordid little tale is almost done. Or is it?

Mother and daughter were put on gurneys and wheeled into the operating room.
There teams of technicians and doctors worked on them for hours. Tubes, wires,
sensors and remotes were embedded in them. Once that was done, another surgical
team placed the two forms side by side facing each other. Carefully an electric
dildo was inserted between their pussys. It shared a spot next to the tubes
leading into the bladder and cervix. The inner cunt lips were then sewed
together. After that, the outer lips were also joined. Next the nipples got
attached, then finally the lips. Only tubes and wires now jutted out from the
connected mouths and pussys. The grotesque form was cheered by all there, and
toasted with Champagne. Next the arms and legs were bound to each other with a
flesh colored plastic. This made the form all the more hideous. When it was all
over the mother/daughter being was placed in a cell next to Monica. One could
hear faint cries of muffled anguish as the bodies awoke. After awhile their eyes
ran dry, using up a lifetime of tears. For two months the ghastly form lived in
the cell. The doctors wanted to make sure all was healing well before the
encasement in plaster. During that time there was almost constant humiliation.
Hardly an hour went by, when someone wasn't at the window looking in at the
grotesque figure. Even something as simple as walking elicited rounds of
laughter. Feeding time and the elimination of wastes was another favorite time
to be at the window watching. Finally the big day arrived. The coupled females
were lead down a long hallway to the plaster room. A large vat held the gooey
mixture in the middle of the floor. A doctor came over and injected each woman
with a solution in the neck. This kept them immobile during the procedure, and
paralyzed from the neck down. Gregor and Dikon stood next to Nora and her
mother, to oversee the task.
Standing next to the vat my mind raced. I looked into Nora's eyes. No words
could have described the hatred in that stare.  The eyes, now covered by cups,
descended into the milky mixture. Soon the stiff form was covered in white.
"They'll be dipped and molded several times before the process is complete",
Gregor commented. "This will teach everyone that I mean business! No-one steals
from me and gets away with it."  Dikon held me tight as Nora and her mother
bobbed out of the mix, only to be plunged back in. "I thought only Nora's
father, Bob, cheated you? Why are you making Nora and his wife suffer?" Gregor,
with an icy stare,  turned to answer me. "Suffer the little children, Linda. The
sins of the father visits all he calls family. Be happy. It was almost you in
there." After that, I didn't wait around for the plastering  to be finished. I
went back to my room and joined my mom for supper. Afterwards me, mom and Claire
(yes she is with us again) frolicked on the bed. I love eating mom's pussy as
Claire tongues my ass. All our inhibitions have vanished and I no longer feel
guilty about my incestuous lust. I can't wait for mom's period to come back so I
can taste her sweet juice. As for Claire, we walk hand in hand like teenage
lovers as we stroll the halls. One day we'll have the courage to look into the
cell containing Bob. For now we rush past it. I'm in no hurry to find out what
Gregor did to him.

It's been five months now since Nora and Tracy were turned into stone. They died
a while back before the doctors could release them. Claire and myself come out
to the garden and sit before them. My swollen belly is testament to Nora's last
act of cruelty. Even my mother got pregnant from the potent sperm. Once a week
the black men come to service us. I look forward to their massive cocks reaching
into my big belly. I don't think me and mom could ever go back to fucking normal
size men. I shudder though, at what's in store for us once the babies are born.
My mom says I think too much. As Claire kneads my engorged breasts, and fingers
me to orgasm, I push on my belly and feel my black bastard twins kick. Nora's
eyes are now silent, but her gaze still clouds my life with uncertainty and
fear.
       
The END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ed


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





