BDSM Library - Dawns Dillema




Dawns Dillema
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Dawn is submissive and has the hots for her math professor. She ends up teaching him a few things!
	Dawn's Dilemma
	by kanashin




	Dawn's Dilemma
	by kanashin

Chapter 1. Reprieve!

Dawn was in Trouble, (trouble with a capital T!), she had figured out her grades
in all of her classes.  She had a probable A in Composition,  B's in Comp II,
History and Art, but She was going to get a D in Calculus. A flat D, and with
that at the end of her freshman year she would lose her full ride 4 year
scholarship. She had to maintain a B average, and Calc was 5 credit hours. She
was doomed, unless she could convince Professor Davis to let make it up with
extra credit or something.  She had thought about dropping the class but it was
way to late now. Doomed!

She had set up an appointment for 4:40 PM, when she got there the door was open
as usual. She had worn a short plaid skirt, and white blouse. Her light brown
hair fell straight past her shoulder blades.  She was hoping to get some 'cute
points' with the young professor. "Yes, Miss Owens what is it".

"I came to see about my grade in Calc I?" she said hopefully.

"Yes, yes, let's see, ... , hmmm, not good, looks like your about in the middle
of the D range."

"But you don't understand, I'll lose my scholarship! My parents will be so
angry!"

"Miss Owens, you are an adult. Don't carry on like a child! I can give you an
incomplete I guess."

"Oh, that won't help, I have to complete the semester with 16+ hours in good
standing!"

"Miss Owens, it is the final week of the semester, you currently have a D, the
grade you need is a B and I just don't see any way you can make that up in one
week!"

"Please, I'll do anything, anything at all."

"Well, should I give you some extra credit work, and give you a B at the end of
the week if you finish it all, but that isn't fair to the other students really. 
You really need to be taught a lesson too!"

"Please, if I'm not done at the end of the week you could assign me some
punishment. Until I finish!"

"Hmmm, that does seem reasonable, but all of the other students are turning in
final assignments today.  No your punishment would have to begin tomorrow night,
if you are not finished, and continue more harshly every day until you finish,
that will motivate you to work harder."

"Yes, OH YES!!!! I'll work so hard, you'll be proud of me!"

"Fine, would you like to come to my office at 5:00 PM each day, or would you
come to my house after dinner, we will review your answers every night, until
you complete the extra credit questions."

"Later, is better it gives me more time to work the problems!  When can I get
the questions?" 

"Right now actually, I have a list of questions from the previous professor that
taught Calc I, These were formerly a one month take home exam with 50
questions."  When Dawn heard the word 50 she became much more glum, but showed
it only slightly!  "Now here is my address, and the test! Good luck to you!"

Dawn took the test, thanking the professor profusely and promising to be done
right away! See you tomorrow at 9:00."

"Sure see you tomorrow." As Dawn skipped out of his office, Roger Davis thought,
'My God what sweet ass!'




	Dawn's Dilemma
	by kanashin

Chapter 2. Disappointment?

Dawn took the test back to her dorm room, and worked on the test for an hour
finishing 1 problem quickly and then one more before her roommate Sandy came
barreling in. There was a Huge party at Alpha house, free beer, studs every
where, Dawn just couldn't say no!

She woke up at 11:30 AM with a hammering hangover, Ughh.  It was all she could
do to get showered and down to the cafeteria before it closed at 1:30.  Then she
had her final in Comp at 2:30, boom easy A! She meant to get back and work on
the Calculus test but she just couldn't with every body celebrating that final's
were over, so after running around town, chowing pizza, and saying goodbye to
Sandy. It was suddenly 8:15!

Dawn hurriedly finished another problem and hustled out the door at 8:55.  She
got to professor Davis' house about 9:10, she had a little trouble finding it
but not much of a hassle, it was a gorgeous house, huge too!  "Shit!" Was he
rich or something, All brick, beveled glass every where, looked like a two story
with those cute dormers in the attic!.  When she pushed the bell it chimed and a
minute later professor Davis was there, he was wearing slacks and a tweed
sweater jacket, (Dawn melted for that).  He really looked the professor, with
his beard, spectacles and a pipe! A pipe, she hadn't seen that before, and it
smelled so good, sort of like sweet fall leaves burning.

"Oh, hello Dawn." He looked at his watch and looked a little disappointed. "I
see you are a little late, well, let's go to the den and see what progress you
have made." 

Dawn followed him over Persian rugs, past a library and great room with a
beautiful stone fireplace. All the rooms were in some golden wood paneling. Soon
they were in the den, where there was Mozart playing quietly.  He poured her a
cup of tea (Earl Grey) and they sat down.


"Okay he said let's see the first one. Hmm, that's good, one done down and 50 to
go!" He chuckled lightly in a sweet way.  Then he examined number two. "Hmmmm,
no this one's not integrated correctly, sorry, you'll have to do this one over. 
Number three? Hmmm, that's better, just a little arithmetic mistake there, but
I'll give you credit, I'm sure you know the answer to 6 times 7!  Number four?
.... No, this one is very sloppy, not acceptable at all. Number five?"

"I only got those 4 done, sorry."

"Young lady, this is very disappointing, I thought you should have atleast 16 to
20 done by now, the later problems are harder you know.  Only credit for two at
this rate that will take 25 days!"

"I'm sorry but there was-"

"No, No, No, No excuses, I gave you a chance and you are clearly not taking this
seriously. I think we should just give you the D and forget about this."

"Noooo!"  She cried. "Pleeeeeaaase! You said you would punish me if I were late,
please?"

"Well, I really don't know how to punish you."

"I could clean some!"

"Young lady, do you see a mess in my house?"

"No." She said somewhat dejectedly.

"Well then what punishment do you think is appropriate!"

She thought for a minute then had an idea, "Spank me!"

"What? I don't think that would going to be appropriate!"

But she was already there and bending over his lap saying. "Ten swats seems
fair, please!?"

"Well, I suppose so ..." Really he couldn't resist this anyway. "You count."

His first was stroke was very light, she almost didn't feel it. "One!"

The second was not much harder, it was almost as if he were afraid to break her!
"Two!"

He realized that he skirt was kind of thick though so he did better on the third
and fourth. "Three! Four!" Still, it felt more like a pat than a swat.

Then he remembered that she had been late, so he put a little more into the next
two. "Five! Six!"


The next three he remembered that she had only finished two problems and so the
actually felt like swats, but didn't hurt or sting! "Seven, Eight, Nine!"  He
noticed how nicely her short skirt was riding up her thighs as well!

On the tenth, he realized that he was becoming aroused. I guess have an 18 year
old bottom pleading to be spanked would do that to any normal male though. He
also realized she needed something to spur on her studies so on the final stroke
he popped her! "Ow, Ten!"

That final swat just stung her for the tiniest fraction of a second.  This at
the exact moment she realized she was having an effect on the professor.

"Thanks professor Davis!" She gushed, "I'll do much better tomorrow you'll see!"

Dawn rushed home to the dorm and turned off the lights and leapt into bed, where
she masturbated for 15 seconds and had the three most intense orgasms of her
life.  As she lay in bed gazing at the ceiling she thought, "There is no fucking
way I'm going to finish those problems tomorrow!"




	Dawn's Dilemma
	by kanashin

Chapter 3. Rebuttal.

Dawn did spend a reasonable amount of time working on her calculus problems the
next day. But she kept considering the previous nights encounter and day
dreaming about it.  She decided that she really liked being over his knee, she
really liked the fact that it got his motor running as well. She spend a
reasonable amount of time considering the best way to maximize the meeting they
would have tonight, and the following nights.

When she got there this time it was noticeable late, 9:30 to be exact. Professor
Davis was at once upset and disappointed with her.

The study session went reasonably well though, she had done much better, the two
problems that she had redone were correct, and she completed 6 more problems
correctly 3 though were incorrect.  This gave her a total of 10 finished and 40
to go with only 3 more days until the end of the week she was not on a pace to
finish on time. Professor Davis was just about to forgive her punishment, since
she had made good progress when she spoke abruptly.

"I'm sorry professor Davis, I know you are doing this for my own good. And you
did say you would be more severe on the punishment. May I choose the more severe
punishment tonight myself?"

He was a little startled at this, but since she had already accepted that
punishment was coming who was he to disappoint her! "Yes, Dawn, I think you
should."

Dawn seemed to consider for the first time what the punishment would be, she
finally said, "20 swats instead of 10 I guess?"


She went over to professor Davis and leaned over his lap. She had worn a much
thinner skirt this time and she wiggled her ass just a hint prior to the first
swat. "One!"

He couldn't believe the feeling on his palm, that soft juicy butt, warm and
yeilding! He couldn't help but striking a little harder the next two times!
"Two! Three!"  He enjoyed seeing her ass shake after his palm landed. "Four!
Five!"  He was already starting to get aroused, and decided to speed it up a bit
to get her off his lap. "Six, Seven, Eight, Nine, Oh, Ten, Ohh Eleven! Ohhh!
Twelve!"  He stopped, what had gotten in to him! As he had sped up the count he
had struch harder, even now she had reached back and was rubbing her ass with
her right hand. After a moment though she said, "Okay, I'm ready again, thanks
for letting me catch my breath."

She was thinking that the hardness of the slaps were wonderful, but he was going
to fast!  Even so she was on the verge of creaming herself when he stopped.
"Thirteen, Fourteen, Fifteen, Oh, Sixteen, Ohh, Seventeen." again he stopped!
Damn! She thought I was almost going to come. "Professor Davis, I'm sorry I was
late, I understand if your are spanking me harder because of that."

"That is true," he thought, "I suppose I can finish up a little stronger just to
assist her studies and get her here on time tomorrow." Now he gave her three
stinging slaps harder than any before.

Slap! "Ohhhh, ..., Eighteen." Slap! "Ohhhh, uh, Nineteen!" Slap!! "Uhhhhhuh,
...., Twenty!"

Again she was millimeters from coming! "DAMN!!" She thought. She stood and
turned away from the professor, she had tears coming to her eyes but not from
pain, more like frustration! She used both hands to massage her ass, seemingly
oblivious to the fact he was getting a choice view only two feet from her young
ass.

Finally she turned and thanked him for his time, and she nearly forgot her
calculus book and papers as she hurried towards her car.  After she got back to
her room and orgasmed multiple times, she caught her breath, and was frankly
shocked at her reaction to this spanking stuff. Just being over his knee and
being at his mercy, feeling the shock of his hand on her young ass, was too
incredible to describe!




	Dawn's Dilemma
	by kanashin

Chapter 4. Protection.

Dawn spent the next day working hard on her calculus. But she also spent plenty
of time thinking about the previous evening, and how she would push the limits
further than before. She was glad the punishment was to be 'more severe' each
night.  Tonight though she showed up on time, she had another idea to deserve
extra punishment. He led her to the den again, where the reviewed her progress. 
After checking the results of the days work, professor Davis, noted that

Problems finished: 20
Problems incorrect and to be redone: 5
Problems not yet attempted: 25

He congratulated her on the continueing improvement, but still noted that she
would fall well short of the goal. He was slightly disappointed though that she
had chosen to wear a long skirt that day. And voluminous too.

Again she interrupted. "Oh, I don't know what to choose for further punishment.
I know it must be more severe. Can I take 10 with a strap?" she asked.

Professor Davis was shocked but heard himself saying. "That seems appropriate."
And he began to take his belt off.  When it was in his hand, she came and layed
over his lap.  He brought the belt down lightly the first time. And she didn't
seem to notice it really she didn't even count? He tried it a bit harder and she
said "Oww One!".

Something was wrong with her voice though it wasn't quite natural ... He said,
"You know this belt is too harsh, lets go back to the hand." On the next stroke
his land landed on her rump or it would have if she hadn't had 3/4 inch of
padding there!

"Miss Owens, what are you wearing under this skirt?"

"Just underwear! I wouldn't try to protect myself from the punishment that I
deserve!"

"Miss Owens, you are lying,... aren't you."

 She stammered for a moment before admitting to the falsification. She then
asked, "I'm sorry shall I take it out now."

"Yes, but I want to see you do it, I don't trust you now."

"You're not going to spank me that way are you?!?"

"I think that would be a good lesson for you Dawn."

"But nobody has seen me there! ... Oh all right." Her resistance was token at
best, probably because her plan was working perfectly. She would have his belt
coming directly down on the thinly covered and sexy ass.

At that she stood facing away and hiked her skirt up to her waist where she
removed the padding, and just succeeding in giving the professor the briefest
glance at her bare flesh before she bent back over his knee. He took the hem of
her skirt and moved it up over her back. He couldn't believe he had the fortune
to look at this young perfect ass, clad only in panties.He took the strap and
started her punishment.  The first blow he laid at medium strength across her
upper hips at the waistband of her panties.


Smack! "OOHH! One!" The second he aimed lower and lighter. "OH, Two!" The third
he put in exactly the same spot as the second. "OH, Three!" The next three he
applied quickly catching the rounded peaks of both her cheeks. "OH, OH, OH,
Four, Five, Six!" Then he applied three more lower, just where her smooth legs
emerged from the panties. "OH, OH, OH, Seven, Eight, Nine!"
For the last one he had saves the best, the bare thighs, where since she was
bent slightly he could see her panty covered pussy!  What! She was wet,
obviously wet. ... She was loving this!

Seeing that he raised his arm and hit twice as hard as he ever did before.
SMACK! "OOOUUUCCHH! ... Uuuh ... Ten." Her breathing was coming in ragged gasps.
Without thinking he moved his hand onto her hot stinging buns and he massaged
them. Just for a few seconds before he realized what he was doing. Even so, he
would never forget the firm butt he had just been kneading.

Dawn had cum on the last strike, Dawn's cunt was drooling terribly, and
obviously. Inspite of herself she blushed crimson. When she stood up she hastily
collected her books and papers and farely rushed from the beautiful house.

Dawn returned to her room, this time she did not masturbate, she didn't plan the
next evening. She merely lay there and remembered the sting and the moments
comfort he had given, the feel of the belt, and the feel of the hand. A few
miles away professor Davis lie in his bed and thought the exact same thoughts.




	Dawn's Dilemma
	by kanashin

Chapter 5. The Good Day

Only two days remained for Dawn to complete her assignment, so eventhough she
was enjoying her evening sessions, a lot. She still wanted to finish her
assignments on time.  She worked and worked finishing 20 of problems before her
clock showed 8:45 and she rushed over to Professor Davis house.  It was raining
hard and she was pretty wet when she got to the door.

Once inside she didn't want to get his beautiful rugs wet so she took her shoes
off.  The carpets felt wonderful under her feet. There was a distinct and
sensual feeling contrasting the hard wooden floors to the soft carpet. When they
got to the den, he immediately started checking her assignment.  She had gotten
4 of the redo's correct, and of the 15 new problems she had correctly solved 12
of them!  Now the totals stood at

Problems finished: 36
Problems incorrect and to be redone: 4
Problems not yet attempted: 10

Professor Davis had been thinking though and he had decided to push the limits a
bit more this time. But realizing his own excitement he didn't want to have her
over his lap for this one, his erection would be too noticeable.

"For your punishment tonight you will receive twenty with a strap, you are not
permited either skirt or panties for this punishment."


Dawn was surprised by this, but she did not protest. She slowly undid her skirt
and placed it on the desk, then removed her panties and dropped them on the desk
as well. She was about to go over his lap, but he stopped her and told her to
grasp the edge of the desk. She did bending over but keeping her legs tightly
together.

The first smack came down at medium strength just below her blouse almost on her
back.. Smack! "OHH! One!".

The second and third were about an inch lower." Smack! Smack! "Ohh, Two, Ohhh,
Three!"
The fourth, he drew back and gave her about a 90% effort to the middle of her
ass cheeks. SMACK!!! "UUUUHHHHOOOH! ... Four!"

Dawn almost fell over as waves of pleasure and pain washed over her. To gain her
balance she spread her feet apart about a foot.

The next four were of the same measure, but this time centered on the diamond
that framed her cunt!. "SMACK!!! SMACK!!! SMACK!!! SMACK!!!"

Dawn was biting her lip as the strikes came down.  "Huuuuuuuuuh, god! Five, ...
six, seven, eight."  Her juices were beginning to drip, and she couldn't help
spreading her legs further to about 3 feet, and thrusting her ass out for more!

SMACK!!, This one just above her anus, "Ohhh, Nine!"

For the 10th one he decided to unload a full straight smack, just at the sweet
fatty area where her thighs met her buttocks! SSMMAACCKK!!!!!.  "AAAAHHHH!
Aaahhhh! ... Ten." At this point she spread her legs another foot and laid her
chest directly onto the desktop.  Her juices flowed down her legs to her knees.

On the eleventh to the fifteenth, he took it easy on her, not much more than a
light slap. She counted "Eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen." 

On the sixteenth he decided to give her motivation for the next day. SMACK!!
"OHHH!, huh huh, sixteen!" SMACK!! "OHHH! Mmmmmmm, seventeen!" And then she
wriggled her ass! She was loving it, every punishment. He decided to push the
limit.  He aimed his next blow at an angle so that the tip of the belt would
catch her right in her now plainly visible cunt lips! SMACK! "AAAAHHHHhhhh! Oh
God! OH!!! Yes! Eighteen!" He did it again but harder. SMACK!!!! "OOOOOOHHHH!
PLEASE! OHHHH! Nineteen!"  On the twentieth he moved behind her gazing at her
lovely exposed ass and cunt.  Her labia were hanging open, engorged with blood,
slick with her juices. Then he snapped the belt at her, like a towel, trying to
catch her full on her exposed lips. He laid the tip of the belt square into her
pouting pussy lips. "EEEEEHHHHHHAAAAAHHHH!!!! OH OH OH OH YES OH!!!" He watched
in amazement as she orgasmed in front of him, twisting her ass and her body
spasming. Finally she came to a halt. "Twenty." She whispered.


She turned and picked up her panties, now ashamed at her lewdness, her face
flushing a bright red.  She also put on her skirt.  She turned to professor
Davis gave him a quick kiss, then practically ran from his house. When she got
back to her room she was amazed at what a slut she'd become in just a few days.
Not that that was a bad thing.

Professor Davis, was also in shock, this gorgeous angel wanted him to whip her
ass, and hard too! There was just one day left, he had already decided to give
her the B tommorrow, but he wished that he could continue on in the S&M
relationship they had begun. Yes, he wanted even more!

Chapter 6. The Bad Day.
Dawn spent the entire next day working hard on her calculus problems, and
masturbating frequently. Even so, she was just barely able to finish the final
problem before leaving for professor Davis' house. She did have time though to
put on some special clothing a clingy mini-dress, and some transparent panties
and bra.  She put on a pair a strappy heels as well.  She was hoping to go out
the professor after reviewing the problems, then for some seduction!

Professor Davis looked over her problems and was marking them quite a bit, but
he looked troubled at the end. Well Dawn, you got 8 of the remaining 14 correct.
This leaves you at.

Problems finished: 44
Problems incorrect and to be redone: 6.

Ooops, she was not expecting that. She had failed to finish the problems
correctly. Quickly she spoke.  "Oh, please, don't give me a D after all I've
been through. Couldn't we work something out?"

"I don't know he said, I have to turn in the grades tommorrow.  What if you
can't finish by then?"

"Please, punish me tonight more severely and again tommorrow night if I don't
finish by then."

"Well, we have been doing that and you still didn't finish on time."

"Please, we'll make it much more severe, I'll learn I promise."

"Well Okay, but tell me what your punishment tonight will be, can you think of
something more severe than last night?"

She pondered for a moment. "Yes, I will be completely nude, and don't whip just
my butt, but my breasts, thighs and pussy too, and don't stop at 20 go to 40."
After this suggestion Dawn was out of breath, she was so excited just from the
thought of it it made her crazy.


So he had her strip, first came the mini-dress, then her panties and bra. He had
her hold the desk as he spent the first 10 smacks on her ass, these were
reasonable light except for the tenth which he gave 100% to. Then he told her to
turn around.  He said that he had decided to torment her breasts in other ways
that just whipping. He began on her left breast.  He hit it 4 times with the
belt, then he took the nipple and pinched it lightly. Then tightly, then more
tightly with a twist. Then he slapped it twice and pinched the nipple again. 
With her right breast, he insisted on tweaking the nipple until she was well
excited.  Then he pinched the nipple at medium grip tugging upward then
downward, left and right.  Then using his forefinger and thumb he thumped her
nipple head on twice.    He took the nipple again pinching harder this time then
twisting left and right like it was a TV knob.  Then taking the belt her first
slapped the underside of her breast, the topside twice. The last two he hit from
left to right intentionally hitting only the tip of the nipple.

Then he made he lie on her back and to count for the last ten. He had her hold
her legs together and over her head so that her vulva was exposed and projecting
out from her thighs, then he began the whipping. His first was medium strength
to her vulva. Slock!.  "Ooowww, One!" Then stronger. SLOCK! "OWWWWW! Two!"
SLOCK! "Three!" at this point he rested and watched as she orgasmed. Then he
moved her legs apart, and gave her two quick hits on her tender inner thighs.
SPACK, SPACK!  "Oh GEEZ! UHHHH! Four! Five!" The next he directed directly at
her exposed cunt, SLOCK!!!!! "AAAAHHHUUUUHHHHAAAA!!! OH GOD! SIX!."
SLOCK! "OHHHHH Seven.SLOCK!!! "OHHHHOOOHHHOOO Eight!" Now he stopped and moved
her to her knees pressing her chest to the desk, her cunt and ass completely
open and vulnerable.  He gave he the next blow so that the belt caught both her
cunt and anus. "AAAHHHHHAHAHHAHAHUUUUUUUUH, ....... Nine!" Now he made he spread
her pussy lips and hold them open, he directed his next blow to the most
sensitive part of her young body, her clit, and the forward parts of her young
cunt walls. SSSLLLOOOCCCKKK!!!!!!!!!!!

She writhed in pain and orgasms for a full three minutes before settling and
then she lay staring glazedly out into space. 

She finished the problems correctly the next day. Professor Davis did take her
out, and they did spend the night making love after that.  Before long she had
moved in with him.  Though he was surprised that she soon changed her major to
math. Due to the tortures she had been through she picked up the strangest kink.

She got creamy and wet just thinking about CALCULUS II, isn't that perverted?!

The End.






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kanashin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





