BDSM Library - The Visitors




The Visitors
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A twisty tale of the humiliation of a husband and wife by intruders who are much more than they first appear to be.
The Visitors
by QuantumLeap

*****************WARNING! WARNING!************************************
The following story contains material of an adult, explicit sexual
nature. IF YOU ARE OFFENDED BY THIS SUBJECT MATTER OR UNDER 18, DO NOT
READ ANY FURTHER!! 
**********************************************************************




                           The Visitors

                          by QuantumLeap


                           - Part I -

It happened very quickly. A knock at the door, my wife's innocent
answer.

I heard the crash as the three pushed through the door and locked it
behind them. I raced to the forier and froze. The largest of the group
held my wife from behind, one hand over her mouth, the other rubbing
her breasts through her blouse as she struggled. The others met me as
I entered, each with a pistol in hand.

"We know you won't do anything stupid," said the wiry blond teenager,
as he smiled over his shoulder at my wife. His black partner stared at
me with glazed eyes, the gun shaking in his hand. I stood in silence,
terrified of what might come next.

My wife's captor was huge, probably 6' 7'' tall and well over 300
pounds. He wore a T-shirt cut off just below the chest, revealing
bulging abdominals to match his thick muscular arms. He spoke with
chilling coolness and intelligence.
"Be quiet, behave yourself, and both of you will make it through this."
He walked my wife forward, the others moving me toward the living room
at gunpoint.

"These are the rules," he explained. "You will both do exactly as I
say, no arguments, no objections, no mouth at all. You will not
attempt to escape, nor will you notify anyone of our presence. My
friends and I will be staying with you for a while. We don't want to
hurt you, but we most definitely will if we must. Do you both
understand me?" He stared through me as he waited for my response.
"Yes," I mumbled. Turning my wife to face him, he looked into her
eyes, waiting. Shaking and sobbing, she looked back at him and nodded
her head, afraid to speak.

The others stood on each side of me now, guns still drawn, enjoying the
situation. The teenager couldn't have been over 18. He was clean-cut,
with those "bad boy" good looks, but his face boasted an unnerving
sadistic grin that said, "Don't fuck with me!" The young black was
obviously high on something. He was looking around the room, gun
pointing in all directions as he tried to maintain his balance.

His words were even and blunt, "Bring me your husband's clothes." My
wife looked confused, not knowing what to do. "Chris," the leader
toned. Immediately the teenager brought his gun to my head and cocked
it. "NO, NO, NO, OK, OK!" my wife pleaded. The giant smiled down at
her and waited. She walked to me, shaking, head down, paralyzed with
fear. Slowly she unbuttoned my shirt and pulled it off my shoulders.
Dropping the shirt, her shaking fingers were on my belt buckle when we
heard "I SAID BRING THEM TO ME!" Startled, she picked up the shirt,
walked to the monster, and offered it to him. Taking the shirt, he
immediately dropped it on the floor.
"That's much better, continue."
My wife continued to undress me, shoes, socks, jeans, and finally my
underwear, obediently delivering each piece to him.

He had removed one of my shoestrings, which he now handed back to her.
"Tie this around his balls. Use a slip knot."
She returned to me, knelt down and slipped the string behind my
scrotum. Needing several tries, she finally made a slip knot and
snugged the loop around my balls. They immediately applauded and
laughed at her success as she rose, crying. "You will not cry," he
warned. Seeing the threat in his eyes, she pulled herself together,
trying to maintain. "Give the end of the leash to Chris," he commanded.
Carefully she found the long end of my "leash" and placed it in Chris'
hand.
"Good girl! Now come here."

She walked to him, looking at the floor, afraid to face him.
"Look at me."
She slowly raised her head until she was looking up directly into
his eyes. "Give me your panties," he stated. Immediately she began
sobbing, "No, no, please don't do this, please, please." He glanced
at Chris, and I felt a bolt of pain as Chris jerked the string and
held it tight as he returned the gun to my head. I screamed and tried
to get away, but he gripped the leash even tighter and the pain
worsened as the noose strangled my testicles. I was in agony, brought
to tears by the searing pain, as Chris laughed and David, the young
black, eyed me with fascination. "Oh God, please don't hurt him! OK,
OK, I'll do whatever you want, please stop!" my pretty wife begged.
"He will stop when you obey," her future master answered. Quickly she
stripped off her jeans, then peeled her panties down her slim muscular
legs. Still deafened by my screams, she placed the white cotton
bikinis in his hand. As he accepted her offering, the pain stopped.
"You will both learn very quickly how to make the best of this
situation, and also that punishment is swift and effective. It's a
practiced skill that we know well."

"Look at me."
My wife again looked up into his cold eyes, afraid to glance away.
"You have beautiful legs, slim and firm. I think Chris and David
agree."
David's eyes were fixed on her legs and Chris grinned and nodded his
approval.
"You enjoy having men look at your body, don't you?"
Chris pulled slightly on my leash in anticipation of the wrong
answer. She saw in the commanding eyes of the huge man what her answer
was supposed to be. "Yes," she said softly. I knew she was being forced
to answer this way, but my stomach sickened when I heard her reply.
"Would you like to show us more of your body? Would that excite you?"
I lurched, but was quickly controlled by Chris' restraint. She began
to lower her head in shame. "LOOK AT ME," he repeated. Her eyes were
again fixed on his as she answered, "Yes". Chris and David added their
encouragements to her response.

She was standing before them wearing only her bra and blouse which hung
to her upper thighs.
"Would you like to remove your blouse for us? Would that excite you?"
"Yes," she replied. My gut wrenched again. "You may beg me to allow you
to remove your blouse," he teased. Shaking, half-naked, she swallowed
hard and answered, "Please let me take off my blouse." He smiled a wide
smile and nodded. I watched my wife undo the crisp cotton shirt,
finally reaching the bottom button. She looked up at him, hoping to
stop. Not finding it in his eyes, she slid the collar over her soft,
smooth shoulders and pulled each delicate hand through the cuffs. Again
she held it out as an offering, remembering to do as she was told. He
took the blouse and again discarded it on the floor.

She was now naked except for her bra. His eyes traveled up and down her
body in admiration. It was the first time I had wished she were not so
gorgeous. From the back, Chris, David and I could see her firm tight
ass and every inch of her incredible barbie doll legs. The front view
was reserved for him, as he took in her flat belly, firm tanned
thighs, and her slightly raised mound, revealing a tight slit under a
sparse covering of dark pubic hair. "You are very beautiful," he
whispered as his eyes again met hers. She stood there, shaking, afraid
to look away, humiliated beyond imagination.

"What would you like to ask me now?" he teased again. Chris tightened
the noose around my balls and I let out a yelp. She had learned the
game and had been reminded of the consequences. There was only one
correct answer.
"Please let me take off my bra."
Hoots and cheers rose from both Chris and David, who seemed to be
coming down from whatever he was on. My wife seemed to be in shock,
partially removed from the events taking place in our own living room.
"Does it excite you to think about how showing us your tits will make
our erections even harder?" Again, the only acceptable answer.
"Yes."
My mind was coming apart.
"Then by all means, show us your breasts, if you want. I'm sure your
husband won't mind, and we would love to see them."

She reached around to undo the back, allowed each strap to fall from
her bare shoulders, and placed the final piece of clothing in his
hands. His eyes lowered and were fixed on her exposed breasts. I knew
what he saw. Round, full, and firm, they were like the breasts women
pay for, only hers were very real. She was one of the few women I had
ever seen that could trim and shape her body with endless aerobics and
a finely tuned diet, yet still retain the fullness of her slightly
upturned breasts. He knew he was seeing something rare and was taking
his time appreciating it.

Chris and David were impatiently waiting to see what their leader saw,
but seemed to know better than to protest prematurely. They were
shifting slightly from side to side to try to get a better view.
"Wouldn't you like to show the boys what beautiful breasts you have?"
"Yes."
"I think that we excite you so much that you don't even want your
husband over there to see your naked tits anymore, right?" Tears
rolled down both cheeks as she struggled to give the right response.
"Yes."
Again, I knew she had to give the answer he expected, but I wondered if
I could ever recover from what I saw and heard. One at a time, he
allowed the others to circle in front of her to look at my wife's
totally naked body. She was told not to turn around, to keep me from
seeing her "best parts". It was soon obvious that they all had
noticeable erections. I was shocked to see that Chris, although not
physically the largest of the three men, had an erection that was so
large, that the tip of his penis protruded slightly from the top of
his faded jeans. It sickened me to see my wife glance down at it when
it was his turn to look at her.

After the "inspection", the leader placed his hand on her chin and
directed her eyes to his.
"You will shower, then make yourself as beautiful as possible. That
means makeup, hair, the works. While we are here, you will keep your
cunt shaved, baby smooth. You have 45 minutes. If you are late, or if
we are not satisfied that you look your best, your husband will lose a
testicle. This is not an idle threat. I have some medical training and
have done this procedure before. If you are very late, he might lose
both, not a pretty future for him or you. Return to me, here, naked, in
45 minutes. Do you understand?"

Taking all this in, trying to remember all of the details, she managed
a quiet "Yes". As she turned toward our bedroom, he took her arm and
again pulled her chin up to his gaze.
"Oh yes, please take these."
He fished two capsules from his pocket, one white, one red. Pulling her
chin down, he opened her mouth and placed them on her tongue.
"Close and swallow please."
She did as she was told and, after several tries, succeeded in
swallowing both pills.




                              - Part II -


Minutes seemed like hours as we waited for my wife to reappear. While
David explored the rest of our home, Chris removed the laces from my
other shoe, tying it to my leash to increase its length. Their leader
was quiet. Sprawled on the sofa, arms outstretched, he seemed to be
meditating, or in some kind of trance. He was so still, his massive,
well-muscled body resembled a larger-than-life sculpture. As I looked
at him, there were short periods when his face seemed to lose all
detail, as if just that part of him would go out of focus for a few
seconds, then return, sharper than ever. Just as strange was the eerie
silence during the wait. No one spoke, although frequently Chris would
suddenly stare at his leader's face for several minutes, then continue
to extend my leash.

Shortly after she left the room, he explained that the capsules my wife
had obediently ingested were a "cocktail" he had recently invented.
One pill was a revolutionary hormone therapy, the other a new anti-
depressant. When taken together, they created an insatiable sexual
appetite and also caused all inhibitions to vanish. "A real slut-
maker!" he promised. I doubted the extent of its effect, assuming he
was exaggerating to make me more uncomfortable.

Just as I began to worry that my wife's deadline would soon pass, she
returned. She circled the room and stopped directly in front of her
new master. I could not believe what I saw. She was naked, as ordered.
Her dark silky hair hung to her shoulders, just caressing the velvet
olive skin. Her eyes were wide but calm, emphasizing the deep blue
that radiated from them. Her impressive body, slim and hard, made her
jutting breasts even more pronounced. Everyone's eyes were drawn to
the amazing sight between her legs. Shaved bare, her normally tight
slit was swollen to three times its normal size. Her inner labia were
bright red and so engorged that they protruded obscenely. Her cunt had
unfolded itself, opening so widely that every detail normally hidden
was put on display. Her clitoris hung in full view and visibly
throbbed as the tip extended and retreated in time with her pulse. She
was so wet that her fluids had made her inner thighs slick and shiny.
I then noticed her nipples were hard and distended, like large pencil
erasers attached to those firm, heaving breasts. She was breathing
heavily, and already a sheen of perspiration covered her trembling
body.

Smiling, he reached up from his seat and began to lightly stroke her
tight belly. She immediately gasped, then closed her eyes and allowed
him to continue. As he stimulated her, he watched with satisfaction as
her pussy continued to swell and throb, flowing even more freely than
before. After a while, he spoke.
"Who owns you now?"
"You do," she whispered.
"Your mind and your sweet body?"
"Yes, it's yours."
"Do I excite you more than your husband?"
"Yes," she said without hesitation.

He suddenly stopped, but her body continued to sway gently back and
forth, expecting more. "Spread your feet," he ordered. She instantly
moved her feet apart.
"Now bend over and put your hands on my shoulders."
She leaned toward him as he sat and supported herself on his thick
shoulders, resting her head on the left one. From behind her, we could
see her open pussy centered between two perfect ass cheeks as she bent
over. Through her legs, we could see her breasts hanging and swaying as
she clung to him and panted. The sight again sickened me. Seeing her
clutching another man and panting like an animal in heat was just too
much.

He reached up and took her nipples, one in each hand, and began to roll
them between his fingers. She let out a short quiet moan and her hips
moved as if trying to find relief. His hands traveled slowly down her
body, stroking her belly, then her inner thighs, always coming close
to her steaming pussy, but never giving her the relief she needed.
Chris had forgotten about my leash (or thought the threats were no
longer necessary) as he and David watched my wife's pussy from behind
with fascination. As the huge man stroked and stimulated her body, her
cunt was now alternately sucking and grasping, in obscenely rhythmic
spasms. Her juices ran down the insides of her legs, making wet spots
on the carpet. They began to masturbate as they watched her lose all
control.

Finally he turned his head and whispered in her ear, smiling at me as
he spoke words only she could hear. "Yes, please, fuck me," she
moaned.
"Would you like your husband to come over here and fuck you?"
"No ....I.... want you.... not him," she managed between deep, heavy
breaths. I vomited, assaulted by this ultimate humiliation. They were
all laughing at me, sitting in my own puke. My head was spinning. The
scene became almost unreal. The loud laughter, my humiliation, my two
captors still masturbating as they watched their leader play with my
writhing, panting wife while she begged him to fuck her. I started to
pass out, when David suddenly grabbed me and slapped me hard across
the face to bring me around.

"No you don't, we're not gonna to let you miss the best part!"
"Please, don't make me watch any more," I begged. "YOU WILL WATCH"
boomed a voice in my head. It was the leader's voice, but he was
smiling at me as I heard the words. My fear increased tenfold as I
realized he was more than he appeared to be. How did he put the words
in my head? They were more than words, as if he was willing me to
obey.

Again the details of his face became uncertain. My head began to throb,
then his message leaped into my brain.
"WATCH NOW, AS I TAKE YOUR WIFE FROM YOU AND MAKE HER MINE!"
His hands went between her legs. With one hand he spread her cunt open,
exposing it even more for my benefit. With the other hand, he grasped
her twitching clitoris and began to roll it between his forefinger and
thumb. My wife moaned loudly as her ass pumped up and down, trying to
speed her relief. She had torn away part of his shirt and was sloppily
sucking and licking his immense neck and shoulder. He entered her mind
one more time.
"SAY IT!"
The words washed over her like a giant wave, first cold, then warm and
comforting. A connection was broken, another formed. She was taken.

"Oh God, fuck me, fuck me please, I don't care about him, cut off his
balls, kill him, I don't care, I'm yours, cum in me, rip me open, take
me, own me, fuck meeeee!"
He was satisfied with her surrender. "Own me" were the words he waited
for. He began to tap the end of her clitoris with a remaining free
finger. It sent her over the edge. She screamed and clawed at him,
ripping his shirt to shreds. Collapsing into his lap, she tried to wrap
her strong legs around his waist, pumping her cunt up and down against
his concealed erection. Liquid poured from her steaming pussy as it
twitched and spasmed. Her slender arms were now around his neck, her
mouth glued to his, her tongue as far down his throat as she could
thrust it. Her thrashing and moaning must have lasted over two minutes.
She finally collapsed in his arms, whimpering and gasping for breath.

Chris and David immediately stopped masturbating, staring at their
leader's face. "My friends are ready for you," he whispered. "Go suck
them dry." Still under the effects of the drugs, she was ready, no,
desperate for any kind of sex. She saw David first and was dripping at
the idea of taking a black cock into her mouth. Dropping to her knees
in front of him, she cupped his balls in her hands as she sucked the
head of his cock into her mouth. I could see her rubbing and tugging
at each of his egg-sized testicles with her slim fingers while she
tried to take his long, black snake into her throat. Before long, the
entire length of his 10-inch dick disappeared into her waiting throat,
her chin and nose buried in his dark, kinky pubic hair. He stopped
stroking, keeping his cock buried as deep as it would go. I watched as
my wife continued to contract her mouth and throat, gripping and
milking all 10 inches.

Very shortly, David's face winced as he began to pump semen down her
throat. She moaned softly, gulping and swallowing every drop he
delivered. She continued to suck the remaining drops of cum from his
body for several minutes, remembering her master's orders. When he
couldn't take any more, he finally pushed her away. Grinning at me, he
said, "Man, I'll bet she could live on cum. We'll be sure to keep her
well fed!"

Chris was waiting for his turn. He had been close to orgasm half a
dozen times, but was saving his load for what he must have known was
coming. His cock was amazing. It must have been 14 inches long and at
least 3 inches thick. My wife's eyes widened as she grasped it with
both hands and began to run her tongue over the huge purple head. As
she fingered and stroked the massive shaft, she tried in vain to get
the entire head into her hungry mouth. Giving up, she continued to
lick and suck while she pumped the shaft with both hands. Her tongue
probed the opening of his cock, making him gasp with pleasure. The
idea of having this thing inside her made her cunt flow again, making
another small puddle on the carpet beneath her. The others made lewd
remarks, joking about what a slut she was at heart.

Laughing, Chris pulled my leash closer, so that my face was only inches
from my wife as she slurped and licked. Her eyes met mine, then she
looked up at Chris, sucking even faster. "Why don't you pump it for her
so she can play with herself," he ordered. She jumped at the chance to
play with her soaking pussy and immediately put both hands to work,
keeping her mouth attached to the end of his cock. A sharp jerk on my
leash made me scream with pain. I had no choice. Placing my hands on
his thick cock, I started to pump as my wife continued to suck. I had
never touched another man's dick. The revulsion added to my humiliation
as the others joked and laughed.

Soon I could see his stomach start to shake, and I knew the end was
near. My wife was near orgasm herself, moaning louder as her fingers
flipped her clit back and forth. Her moaning excited Chris as the
vibrations traveled from her throat to the sensitive head of his giant
penis. With a sudden grunt, he started to cum. My head exploded with
the words, "DON'T STOP! PUMP EVERY DROP OF HIS SPERM INTO YOUR SWEET
LITTLE WIFE'S THROAT!" Mindlessly, I pumped his cock harder and
faster. I could feel the steady stream of semen surging through the
shaft while my wife swallowed in large gulps. I knew that the cum was
filling her mouth faster than she could possibly ingest it. It
continued to flow as I pumped and pumped. She had already swallowed an
incredible amount of semen and more was on the way. I couldn't believe
what I was seeing. It wasn't human.

Finally she began to choke and the thick liquid spilled out of the
corners of her mouth onto her chin and face. Continuing to gag as the
cum flowed, she moved his cock from her thirsty lips to try to swallow
the excess in her mouth. Cum spurted in a steady stream, onto her face
and hair. She knew not to turn away, and let the hot stream flow down
her face, now coating her breasts and belly. I couldn't stop milking
his huge dong, mechanically continuing what I had been willed to do.

The semen continued to flow! It now completely covered my wife from
chin to crotch. As she rubbed her cunt, her fingers began to push the
sticky mess into her vagina. She started to moan again as her hips
bucked against her frantic fingers. She was cumming, I was still
pumping, and the semen was still spurting!

She was still trying to take large gulps of it, returning her full lips
to the bulbous head as often as she was able. When she couldn't take
any more, it resumed covering her from head to crotch as she stuffed
more of the excess into her cunt. She finally fell onto her back,
writhing in ecstasy. She shoved handfuls of cum into her cunt with one
hand, while scooping the goo from her face and tits into her mouth with
the other. She thrashed and moaned for several minutes before finally
collapsing spread-eagled on the floor. His cock spurted its last few
drops onto her panting body and I stopped pumping.

The cheers and laughter that followed made the pounding in my head
unbearable. My wife lay in a pool of cum, completely soaking the
carpet. Semen covered her face and body. The thick paste slowly oozed
from her cunt and mouth as she tried to recover. The laughing grew
louder, sounding like a crowd of thousands. The last thing I remembered
before losing consciousness was my wife's face as she took the leader's
balls in her mouth, her delicate fingers dancing deliberately over his
thickly veined cock.




                             - Part III -


I opened my eyes the next morning to find myself on the floor,
surrounded by the three intruders and my wife. They seemed even larger
and more sinister as I looked up at the three, my head and balls
aching from what seemed like a bad dream. I was ordered to shower,
then return naked, while my wife cleaned the room. I slowly sat up,
then rose to my feet. My wife looked freshly showered, wearing one of
my white dress shirts. It hung to mid thigh, but from my view on the
floor, I could see she was naked underneath. My leash had been
removed, but as David patted his gun, I was warned that my wife would
gain another hole in her body if I misbehaved. She could not bear to
look at me, reliving the humiliation of the previous day, not
understanding how she could have said and done all the things she now
desperately tried to put out of her mind.

I returned to the kitchen, naked and clean, but still weak and aching.
My wife was preparing breakfast for the men as they joked about how
hungry she was only 12 hours ago. They ordered me to sit at the
table, tying my hands behind me. I was starving and the smell of bacon
and eggs made my mouth water. My wife brought the food to the table
and began to serve each of the men from the large skillet. As she
delivered a large portion to the leader's plate, I saw his hand travel
up along the inside of her thigh, disappearing under the long
shirttail. As his arm moved rhythmically between her legs, her hands
started to tremble. I looked into her face to see tears streaming down
both cheeks as he gently kneaded and massaged her outer labia and
belly. He grinned at me as he continued.

"Your wife has betrayed you and now she is mine. She will tell you
herself."
Her hands shook violently as her probed her with his mind and fingers.
His face faded and returned.
"I'm yours," she replied.
"All of you?"
"Yes."
"Tell your husband what I now own."
The tears turned to quiet sobs, then to pleading.
"Don't make me do this! Don't make me say this to him, please, I'm
begging you. I'll do anything you want, just don't make me do this."
She cried harder, almost overturning the hot skillet still hovering
above his plate. This time the command exploded in her head.
"YOU WILL NOT CRY. YOU WILL DO AS I SAY. YOU WILL ADMIT THESE THINGS TO
HIM OR YOU BOTH SUFFER EXTREME CONSEQUENCES."

"Tell your husband what I own."
"My body and my mind."
"What part of your body?"
"All of it."
"What PARTS my dear?"
Shaking, she hesitated, then said the words she knew he wanted me to
hear.
"My breasts."
"And?"
"My legs."
"And?"
"My rear."
"More..."
"My mouth."
"Say it, dear."
"My vagina."
"Right part, wrong name. Try again."
She had heard it so many times the day before, she knew the word he
wanted, the one she hated.
"My cunt."
"Good girl! Now serve us and have some breakfast yourself."
As she finally arrived at my plate, he looked up and shook his head.
"He doesn't deserve to eat. He's done nothing but grovel and puke!"
The other two laughed and waved their food under my nose before eating
every bite.
"Serve yourself, then throw the rest in the garbage disposal."
My wife put a small portion on her plate, then dumped the rest into the
disposal. My head continued to ache and the smell of the meal made me
feel even weaker. I wondered how long I would have to go without food.

My wife returned to the table and began to pick at her food. Unable to
look in my direction or at the three thugs, she stared at her plate,
trying not to think about what may be next.
"Did you enjoy yourself yesterday?"
She shuddered, fearing we would be tortured further with these
humiliating questions. She knew she must give him the answers he
desired.
"Yes."
"Tell your husband what you liked best, sweetheart."
How could she do this? How could she tell her husband things that could
not be forgotten or forgiven? As she looked into the giant's eyes for
pity, she saw instead a cold and vacant soul, completely unfamiliar
with any human feelings. She saw domination and ruthlessness, a pure
evil that only reminded her again of the severe consequences of her
actions.

Trying to please him, she responded, "I liked it when you made me cum."
My entire body was shaking, revolting against the words he forced me to
hear. Chris and David had stopped eating their meal, listening intently
to my poor wife's degrading dialog with their boss.

"Have you ever cum like that before?"
"No."
"Has your husband even come close to satisfying you like I can?"
"No."
"I assume you never want to fuck your husband again after having me?"
"Oh God, please! Don't do this to us!"
She began to cry hysterically, unable to say the words. He entered her
mind to provide the help she needed.
"LOOK AT HIM! TELL HIM TO HIS FACE! HE MUST ACCEPT THIS!"

She looked at me and I turned away, not able to watch her mouth say the
words. Chris shot out of his chair and clenched my head in both hands,
forcing me to look into my wife's innocent blue eyes.
"Tell him now."
As she stared into my eyes, my wife surrendered and began.
"You will never satisfy me again. He fingered me and made me cum harder
than you ever have."
My mind just caved in. I struggled and thrashed in my chair, but the
boys quickly arrived to hold me, laughing and joking. My wife began to
cry again, and tears came to my eyes, knowing we would never be the
same.

But, it still wasn't over.
"Tell your husband what else you enjoyed. What makes your little pussy
wet just remembering it?"
Again they held me while my wife spoke to me.
"I liked sucking and playing with Chris' huge penis. I liked David's
penis in my mouth while I played with his testicles. I liked being
covered with semen and putting it in my mouth and my cunt."
"You forgot the most exciting thing of all."
He pushed hard, prodding her mind in the right direction. She felt the
intrusion, then, startled, knew what to say to me.
"The best part was making you watch me cum, showing you things you
could never do to me, proving that every part of my body belongs to
him, not you."

Deep loud laughs came from the monster as his imps danced around me,
screaming and whooping, reveling in their master's victory. My head was
exploding. I had to vomit but my gut was completely empty. I gagged and
choked, head spinning, the room growing dark. I felt myself being
lifted into the air by the howling madmen. I was taken to a closet
where I would spend the next 6 hours in dark silence. As I was carried
away I looked down to see the bare-chested giant bent over her, their
mouths locked together. She fought helplessly as he worked both hands
beneath her half-opened shirt.




                             - Part IV -


I drifted in and out of a restless sleep in my small, dark prison. I
could hear him talking, my wife answering, but the conversation was
not loud enough for me to make out the actual words. Each time I woke,
I could hear his commanding tones, followed by my wife's quiet
answers. I tried to imagine what they could talk about for so many
hours. Had my wife really given in to him? How strong were his mental
powers? They must be limited if the drugs he made her take were
necessary.

Suddenly the door opened. David dragged me to my feet and escorted me
back to our living room where my wife and the giant were calmly
sitting on the sofa. She seemed more at ease, still wearing my white
shirt and I guessed nothing else. I saw a startled look on her face as
I entered the room, and realized I must look terrible. I was very
weak and could barely walk on my own.

As I sank into a chair, I saw Chris carrying several packages through
the front door. He glanced at me as he strolled by, then turned back
and grinned.
"I've been shopping! Your wife was good enough to give me your credit
cards. Oh, by the way, they're maxed out now. But I know you'll just
love what we've bought!"
The way I felt, after what we had been through, I didn't even care. I
was more concerned about what we would have to endure next after seeing
his "presents" opened.

His leader stood, then looked down at my wife. "Get dressed. I want you
drop-dead gorgeous tonight." My wife stood and turned toward the
bedroom where Chris was opening his purchases. Sliding his hand to the
back of her neck, he turned her toward him. She looked up into his
empty eyes.
"You shouldn't forget to take your medicine, dear."
He produced four capsules from his sweaty pocket and displayed them for
her to see.
"I think you're ready. We'll double the dose."
His hand caressed her neck as he moved to her mouth, inserting a large
finger, then opening it. He placed all four capsules on her tongue and
told her to swallow. He watched in amusement as she struggled to down
all four pills at once.
"Come on, this should be easy after swallowing David's black snake last
night!"
The others had a good laugh as she finally gulped the last of the
powerful drugs.

She then disappeared to the bedroom to prepare herself. No additional
instructions were necessary. She knew the rules. She would shower,
carefully shave her pussy, then fix her hair and makeup. Everything
must be perfect for him. Returning to the bedroom from the bath, she
noticed the outfit that had been placed on the bed. He had told her
she would wear something special tonight. Her hands trembled as she
dressed for him, feeling the drugs' effect wash over her. She was
already wet and swollen, her nipples burning as they brushed the new
fabric. Terrified of what she might be capable of under the stronger
dose of the drugs, she took a quick glance in the mirror as she walked
by. She was stopped cold by the reflection. She was so excited by her
appearance she wanted to touch herself for relief. Realizing it was
the effect of the drug that made her this way, and fearing the
consequences of disobeying (he had warned her not to touch her pussy
unless given permission), she pulled away from the mirror and returned
to him as ordered.

While my wife was preparing herself, I was moved downstairs to the game
room. I was carried to the weight bench at the far end of the room
where I was secured, my hands to the uprights, my ankles to the
forward feet of the bench. The padding had been raised on an incline
so that I could see every perverted act he had planned for the
evening. My naked body was so weak that they probably wouldn't have
had to tie me at all. I could barely move.

After tying me, the others amused themselves by raiding my liquor
cabinet and shooting pool on the large hand-carved table in the middle
of the room.

Before long, my wife entered the room. The giant carefully placed his
cue on the table and stared solemnly at her. Chris and David gasped
and leered. She was dressed in a sheer black bodystocking, completely
covering her from neck to toes. Her hair was more beautiful than I had
ever seen it. The black second skin made her angelic face and blue
eyes radiate her natural beauty. The darkness of her large distended
nipples was just visible through the sheer elastic as it tried to
contain the fullness of her large rounded breasts. It was
breathtaking. But everyone's attention was drawn to the open crotch of
the skintight suit. The opening ordinarily would have been just large
enough to show the slit and the surrounding outer lips, but his
"cocktail" had so excited her that the labia pushed the fabric aside,
spreading the elastic to allow her engorged cunt to thrust itself
through the modest opening. It was as though a large red and pink
orchid had burst into full bloom against the black of night.

The monster began to smile and slowly nodded his head as he showed his
approval. She had stopped at the entrance of the room, allowing
everyone to take in this stunning sight. She was alert, but had a
slightly desperate look in her eyes. Her heavy breathing emphasized
her hard breasts as they strained against the thin lace. She licked
her lips nervously as she felt her fluids coat the inside of her
thighs. Her body swayed slightly as if trying to find some small
relief from the fire that tortured her between her legs.

He called her to him, not with words, but with a look. She reluctantly
crossed the room and stood before him. She was breathing heavily, her
body trembling as she tried to fight the animal urges she knew came
from his drugs. They were almost uncontrollable now, building every
minute. Every nerve in her body was screaming to be satisfied. She was
quietly moaning every few breaths, trying with all her will not to let
the others hear.

He reached out with both hands and began to stroke her neck lightly.
His large fingers trailed across her ears, tracing their contours. His
eyes left her and found mine. He smiled cruelly at me; then a slow,
knowing wink. My wife began to shudder uncontrollably, his hands still
busy exploring her sensitive neck. Her moaning became loud and regular
as she lost all control and orgasmed for him. I saw the large muscles
of her perfect ass contract as she thrust her hips toward him again
and again as she came. She was all instinct, all sex, abandoning
everything in her heat. He covered her mouth with his, their tongues
meeting, stabbing at each other. Her hands were on his bare chest,
enjoying the expanse of his heavily muscled torso. His huge hands
clutched her head and pulled it back, piercing her bright blue eyes
with his stare. Her orgasm intensified as she felt his will invade
her.
"YOU WILL DO AS I SAY. YOU ARE MINE. YOU WILL NOT QUESTION ME."
Of course the only words I heard were hers, screaming and cumming.
"Oh God!......I'm yours!..... I'll do anything for you!.....Anything!"
He broke into a deep loud laugh as he held her head at arms length like
a child's doll and watched her spasming body finish its orgasm.

Releasing her, he turned to his waiting companions.
"Now."
They quickly gathered around me, as I dreaded what might be next. Chris
produced a rubber ball from his shopping bag and stuffed it into my
mouth. Then David tied the gag in place. Their eyes were like wild
predators, waiting expectantly over their favorite prey. He took her
hand and walked her to me. I was raging inside. My wife was standing
over me, her cunt swollen and throbbing for more, holding his hand
obediently. Most of the material covering her legs was soaked with her
juices. Her pussy literally dripped liquid onto her legs and feet as I
watched. Her inner lips and clitoris were constantly in motion,
pulsing and twitching.

"Kneel in front of him."
She lowered herself to her knees at the foot of the bench.
"Take his testicles in your hands."
She moved my shrunken penis aside and found them, her gentle fingers
searching, then finding each of my balls. "Would you like to tear them
from his body?" he asked. I became hysterical, thrashing and shaking
my head wildly. She looked up at him, her eyes pleading. He stared
back, expecting her answer. "Yes," she murmured. My God, she couldn't
possibly do this to me, to anyone, even on the drugs. He started to
chuckle, "Relax little man, I said you wouldn't be damaged if you both
behave. I just wanted to show you that she would do it for me, if I
asked."

Relieved, I collapsed back on the bench, completely drained. My wife's
fingers still encircled each of my balls. She looked into his eyes,
waiting.

"Why don't you give this wimp a massage, sweetheart?"
Confused at first, she looked to him for an answer and found it. She
began to rub and probe each testicle with her fingertips. She would
occasionally find sensitive spots that caused sharp agonizing pain. As
she worked, he chuckled whenever I jumped and groaned. Before long I
was covered with sweat, fearing each of her gentle touches would bring
more pain.

He positioned himself behind her and began to run his hands along her
neck and shoulders, then down to her hardened nipples and breasts. I
could feel her hands begin to shake as he guided her toward another
orgasm. "Harder," he ordered. She began to squeeze harder, her narrow
fingertips probing more deeply into each of my balls. The pain was
constant now, a deep ache that caused my weary body to tense
continuously. She was unable to look at me as I began to groan loudly
in unyielding pain. She began to pant as I saw him kneel behind her,
placing his hands between her legs. Her entire body was now shaking
and moans came with every breath. "Harder," he ordered again. Her
fingers dug into my balls, pulling and squeezing, rolling and twisting
them. The pain was like a bolt of lightning. Constant, searing agony
caused my body to stiffen in absolute terror.

She became a mindless animal, telling him again and again that she was
his as the crashing orgasm hit her. She screamed and bucked as he
played her like an instrument, intensifying and sustaining her ecstasy
for as long as he wished. She thrashed in orgasm as I thrashed in
pain, and the others applauded and cheered for this perverted scene
orchestrated by the one they served.

My wife released my balls as her orgasm subsided. My body collapsed
back onto the bench with welcome relief. I was soaked with sweat. My
battered testicles ached. I was weak and nearly delirious. I had not
eaten in 36 hours. Seeing my wife alternately humiliated, then brought
to screaming orgasms by these men while she attacked me had taken its
toll on my mental state. For the first time, I thought I might die. I
closed my eyes and gave up. I almost wished they would kill me.

When I finally opened my eyes, I was being freed from the bench by
Chris and David. They dragged me to a nearby chair and dropped me. The
giant stood before me with my wife's hand in his. Her beautiful eyes
were even wider than before, making the blue centers shine like
beacons.

He turned her toward him, again running his strong hands over her neck
and shoulders, then to her distended nipples and breasts. Panting
heavily, she welcomed his touch, hoping he would continue the journey
down her belly to her dripping hole.
"Your cunt is on fire. You've been very patient. Would you like it
filled with cock?"
"Yes.....please!" she whimpered. She was visibly excited by the
proposition.
"Would you like to show us again how beautiful your naked body is?"
"Yes, if it pleases you."
He pushed her to her knees in front of me.
"Strip your sweet little wife for us."
I reached out mechanically to pull the outfit from her body.
"No! You may not defile her with your hands! Use your teeth! And keep
your filthy tongue off my slut!"

Starting at the neck, I clumsily ripped the sheer fabric with my teeth.
Being so close to her while she panted and trembled with a heat I had
never seen was unnerving. Working it down her body, my face came
within inches of her boiling pussy. I paused slightly, watching it
pulse and flow. "God! Come on, hurry!" I heard my wife order. They all
howled again, making jokes about her impatience at my clumsy attempts.
Ripping her costume several more times, I finally peeled the last
pieces from her manicured toes.

Her heat made her body glow with lust. Her smooth olive skin glistened
with a light sheen of perspiration. The definition of her firm tight
muscles covering her stomach, legs, and ass gave her the look of a
wild animal as she paced back and forth, waiting for what he promised
her.

"Pick your dick, honey," he joked. She knew immediately what she
wanted. She walked briskly to Chris, hands shaking as she struggled to
open his pants. Seeing the giant bulb exposed above his belt, she
licked it feverishly while freeing the rest of his monstrous cock. She
stripped him completely, not satisfied with only part of his young
body.

"Show your husband what you've been waiting for - show us all."
He motioned to the pool table in the middle of the room. She eagerly
climbed onto the green felt and crawled to the center of the table. She
was on all fours, looking behind her for Chris' huge cock. As he
climbed onto the table, she lowered her head and shoulders to the
felt, offering her ass and gaping genitals to him.

He approached her, mouth watering as her steaming cunt begged for
relief. His slim young body was hard and wiry, with no body hair
except for a few blonde strands at the base of his rock-hard cock. His
immense penis jutted obscenely from his crotch, totally out of
proportion with the rest of his frame. Now, in the bright light that
spotlighted their stage, it looked even larger than I remembered.
Branching veins rose from the surface of the shaft, visibly throbbing
as they supplied the engorged, purple head with blood. The 14 inch
weapon must have been 3 inches thick. The head was even more shocking.
It was the size of a tennis ball, the edges of the corona flaring
sharply before returning to the shaft's diameter. A steady trickle of
sticky liquid flowed from its eye, which gaped open in eager
anticipation.

He approached her from the rear, mouth watering at the sight of her
wet, swollen labia and clitoris, thrust outward below the two perfect
globes of her ass. Clutching his cock, he slowly rubbed the immense
head over her exposed genitals. A long, low moan escaped from deep in
her throat as she arched her back, trying to open herself to him as
fully as possible.

The leader stood at the side of the "stage" looking down at her face
with satisfaction. Her eyes were closed. Her head lay on the soft
felt, turned toward him. She gasped for breath, showing the faint hint
of a smile on her open mouth as she tried to imagine how it would feel
to be filled with Chris' thick, hard cock. He brushed her shining
hair off her face and placed his huge paw on her cheek, stroking it
gently.
"Are you ready to take him inside you?"
"Yesss," she hissed between deep breaths.
"You must show your husband your complete surrender to me. Will you do
this?"
Trying to fight one last time, she did not answer immediately. She felt
the tip of Chris' finger enter her ass. She moaned again, thinking
only of the pleasure he gave her.
"Oh God, yes..........anything.........you......want from me."

David carried my limp body to the edge of the table. He tied my hands
behind my back, then bent me at the waist so that my upper body rested
on the surface, my face inches from my wife's.
"Look into your husband's eyes. Let your face show him how you have
abandoned him."
Her wide, liquid eyes stared into mine through strands of soft, dark
hair that I remembered caressing while me made love. I closed my eyes
to escape the ultimate humiliation.

Blinding pain exploded in my head as he invaded me.
"YOU WILL LOOK INTO HER EYES WHILE SHE RAGES AT THE END OF HIS COCK.
YOU WILL FIND LUST IN HER EYES THAT YOU HAVE NEVER SEEN BEFORE.
YOU WILL WITNESS HER COMPLETE REJECTION OF YOU AND HER TOTAL
SURRENDER TO ME. AND YOU WILL ACCEPT THAT YOU HAVE LOST HER."
I was too weak to even try to resist. I opened my eyes to find her
still staring directly into mine.

As our eyes met, Chris began to slowly slide inside her. Her eyelids
fluttered. She began to release a series of long, low moans as her
eyes stayed locked on mine. She began to rock forwards, then back, as I
could feel Chris beginning to stroke her harder and faster. Her moans
turned into short cries, getting louder as his gigantic organ filled
her again and again.

The leader returned to the other end of the table. He watched with
satisfaction as Chris' cock stretched my wife's cunt to its limit,
plunging in and out. He reached under her and took her distended
clitoris between his fingers. The monster rolled and stroked it,
controlling her completely.

"I have your wife's stiff little clit in my fingers. Now look into her
eyes as she shows you total rejection and her lust for me!"
A cruel smile formed on her face seconds before she began to scream.
The orgasm rocked her violently as he milked her engorged clitoris. Her
body tensed as her hips jerked frantically against the boy's exploding
cock. A stream of semen flooded her inside. As the bulging head of his
penis crushed against her cervix, the blast of hot liquid shot by it
into her womb, filling it in seconds. Cum gushed from her cunt with
every stroke of his cock. Her ass was still in the air, and the excess
semen flowed down her belly and breasts, landing in a sticky pool that
soon surrounded us. As her orgasm subsided, she began to draw her
fingers through the puddle of cum and slowly, sensuously, licked them
clean. Her wide eyes still looked into mine, the cruel smile returning
to her full lips as his booming laughter filled the room.




                                - Part V -


I woke the next morning hearing my wife call my name. I was on the bed
in our guest room. My head pounded and my testicles ached, reminding me
at once of the torture of the night before. Opening my eyes, I found
that I was too weak to move off the bed.

My wife stood beside me, her image a blur from my blinding headache.
"Are they gone?" I asked. "He wants you in the kitchen," she replied.
My hopes vanished as I wandered how long this hell would continue.

As my eyes cleared, I saw that she wore a pink silk top that hung to
just above her navel. Thin spaghetti straps held it in place, the
deeply cut neckline showing the top half of each firm breast. "SLAVE"
was written across the front, the letters made of a series of small,
intertwining pastel flowers. My eyes traveled down her tan, flat belly
to the matching panties. The open crotch revealed her freshly shaved
pussy, now reduced to its familiar tight slit.

She helped me out of bed and supported me so I could stand, looking up
at me with tears in her eyes.
"I'm sorry...I'm so sorry...I couldn't help it...how can you forgive
me?"
She was crying harder as she held me. I leaned against her and held her
as I asked myself the same question. "We'd better go now," she sobbed.
"He'll make it worse for us if we're late."

She helped me to the kitchen and eased me into a chair. The others sat
at the table, quietly eating their breakfast. Hunger made my stomach
cramp as I smelled the food she had prepared. The leader looked up at
my wife as she returned to his side.

"Tie him."
He handed her several pieces of nylon rope which she used to tie my
wrists to each arm of  my chair. "Are you hungry?" he asked. "Yes," I
answered, desperately hoping he was serious. "Feed him," he barked to
my wife. She placed bite after bite of the hot meal in my mouth as I
quickly devoured the best meal I could remember. "How are your balls
this morning," he smirked.
"They hurt."
He smiled, looking at my wife.
"Did torturing your husband's balls excite you?"
"Please...no...don't..."
"Answer me!"
"Yes."
"Yes what?"
"Hurting his balls excited me."
"Would you like to do it again?"
"Yes."
Tears ran down her cheeks as she continued to feed me. I winced at the
thought that I might have to endure the horrible pain of the night
before a second time.

"Tell me, what were you thinking when Chris filled you with that giant
cock of his?"
"I thought about how big it was and how good it felt."
He entered her mind to push her toward the answer he wanted me to hear.
"TELL HIM WHAT YOU FELT AS YOU LOOKED INTO HIS EYES, CUMMING LIKE A
SLUT WITH CHRIS' SPERM FLOWING INTO YOU".
She had no choice but to answer as he wished.
"I wanted him to see how excited I was, cumming with another man's dick
in me. I wanted to humiliate him, to reject him, to show him that I
belong to you alone."
She had stopped feeding me and was looking at the floor, ashamed. Tears
fell from her face and darkened the pink silk, grotesquely highlighting
the word she wore that was what she had become.

"Do I own you completely?" he asked.
"Yes."
He motioned for her to come to him.
"Take out my cock."
Standing before him, hands shaking, she opened his pants and released
his impressive erection. He reached forward from his chair and peeled
her panties down to the bottom of her perfect ass cheeks. From the
back, I could see his hands stroke the smooth, tight skin of her ass.
He moved to her belly, then under the silk to her breasts, rolling her
nipples between his fingers to make them hard. After a few minutes, he
slowly slid her panties down her long, slim legs. She obediently
stepped out of them, retrieved them from the floor, and presented them
to him. Accepting her offering, he lifted them to his face, inhaling
her scent, then placed them on the table. David and Chris both reached
for them. Fighting like wild animals, they ripped the fragile panties
into two pieces, each inhaling smell of her sex.

He moved his chair from the table so I had a better view.
"Sit on my lap, dear. Show your husband as it slides into your cunt."
Shaking and crying, she climbed onto his lap, facing him. He worked his
thick cock into her slit as she slowly lowered herself onto it. From
my position behind her, I could see it disappear into her as she
braced herself on his massive shoulders.

"Now milk it with your cunt until I come," he ordered. I could see her
ass flexing as she remained impaled on his pole. His hands toyed with
her body from neck to belly as she worked. She continued to cry as she
contracted her cunt again and again, grasping and squeezing his
pulsing organ. He enjoyed himself as she milked him, making her work
for what seemed like an hour. Her tired body was drenched in sweat. She
collapsed against his huge chest, still somehow clenching and
releasing his resilient erection.

Finally he looked over at me, smiling.
"Now watch as I fill your wife with my cum!"
His hips began to jerk up and down violently. She released a short
grunt each time he bucked. Her slender body was thrown into the air
with each thrust, landing with a slap on his sweaty chest. Thick,
white goo was flowing from her, gushing onto the chair and floor with
each of his thrusts.

When he had emptied himself into her, he pushed her onto the cold tile
floor. As he roared with laughter, Chris and David pounced on her.
Holding her legs open, they began to lick her entire body. I watched
in horror as I saw their tongues extend like snakes, first a foot,
then at least two feet long, invading every crevice of her body. What
were these monsters? Was I hallucinating?

My wife fought and thrashed on the floor as they violated her. David's
tongue washed her mouth and face as Chris swirled his inside her cunt,
exploring, penetrating her cervix, probing and licking the walls of
her womb. I could see her exposed belly bulge and swell as his
impossibly long tongue painfully invaded her. Her terrified struggling
and gagging stopped suddenly as she passed out. They continued to
penetrate her limp body as I heard the monster's laughter.
"My boys sure do enjoy cleaning my sluts!"
The last thing I remember was his piercing black eyes inches from mine
as his face lost all detail.




                             - Part VI -

I woke suddenly as Chris and David kicked me several times, then jerked
me to my feet. "Get cleaned up and dressed! We're having a party!"
they yelled, causing my head to throb painfully.

I headed for the bathroom to shower, aware that the leader and my wife
were nowhere to be found. Returning to our bedroom, I found a new
tuxedo on the bed. David appeared at the door, grinning. "Put it on.
You'll make a great butler!" he joked. I dressed slowly, still weak
and dazed. I noticed the setting sun as I glanced out the window,
realizing that I had lost the better part of the entire day.

I returned to the living room to find my wife and the three intruders
waiting. The men were dressed in tuxes, each wearing a brightly
colored Mardi Gras mask covering the upper half of his face. My wife
stood facing me, in front of the monster, his hands on her shoulders.
She wore a floor length black cape, fastened in the front to completely
conceal all but her beautiful face and shining black hair. A velvet
choker lined with sparkling rhinestones circled her neck, holding the
cape in place. I could just make out the faint outline of her naked
body through the loose folds of the cape.

The leader approached me.
"You are the servant this evening. As a show of obedience and
acknowledgment of your wife's total rejection of you, you will
prepare her for tonight's festivities."
He placed the six capsules in my hand and motioned for my wife to come
closer. She stood before me, glancing at her master. She then opened
her mouth, terrified to imagine what obscenities the even larger dose
would make her perform that night.

I couldn't do it. Could she survive a larger dose? How could I be the
one responsible for the degrading acts she would crave?
"YOU WILL DO THIS. OBEY ME, OR I WILL HAVE HER RIP YOUR TESTICLES FROM
YOUR BODY AND MAKE YOU WATCH WHILE SHE DEVOURS THEM."
My hands shook as I placed each pill on her outstretched tongue and
watched her swallow them, one at a time.

Before long, the doorbell rang. "Our guests are hear, my dear," he
said, turning my wife to face him. He unbuttoned the front of the cape
from just below the collar to the floor, folding back the sides over
each of her bare shoulders. She wore black velvet bands around her
wrists and ankles, matching the dazzling choker. A fine gold chain
loosely circled her waist, resting invitingly on her smooth, flat
belly. The drugs had worked even more quickly, already engorging and
distending her labia and clitoris. Her nipples hardened as I watched
and her heavy breathing made her full breasts beckon each time she
inhaled.

He took her to the door and opened it, greeting the first guests. They
arrived over the next thirty minutes, men, women, and couples, all
dressed in similar Mardi Gras attire. All wore the brightly colored
masks to conceal their identity. The monster introduced my wife to
them as they entered, smiling as they leered and told her how exciting
she looked. Men and women alike drooled as they watched her body react
to the drugs. As the butler, I was forced to stand beside her and
thank them for their "kind remarks". They seemed to enjoy this,
knowing I was her husband.

After a while, we heard a sharp knock on the door. I opened it to
see a large black woman in evening dress and mask. Beside her was a
man wearing a black robe identical to the one my wife wore. The leader
welcomed them as the "guests of honor" and closed the door behind them.
The man, probably in his mid-twenties, was strikingly handsome, with
light brown hair and a perfect tan. As the leader, my wife, and I faced
them, the black amazon unbuttoned his cape and pulled the sides over
his shoulders.

He had the perfect "male model" body, hard and tanned. He was naked
under the cape, except for black leather wrist and ankle bands. A
narrow strip of leather encircled his penis and scrotum. My wife
inhaled sharply as she noticed his raging erection. His penis jutted
from the soft mound of pubic hair at its base, leaking sticky liquid
from the opening in the hard purple head. His cock moved up and down
slightly as his pulse pounded. In his eyes I saw the signs of the same
drugs my wife struggled to overcome. I wondered if this was some
unfortunate husband, forced into the same humiliation by his muscular,
black captor.

The leader smiled knowingly at the black amazon as he encouraged my
wife to welcome our new guests.
"I think a "glad-to-meet-you" kiss is in order, my dear."
As he guided my wife closer to her guest, his black counterpart did the
same to the caped young man. They stood only a foot apart, each taking
in the other's exquisite body. My wife lifted her gaze to his eyes.
Closing the small gap between them, she placed her body against his,
bringing her lips to his waiting mouth. His hands found her perfect ass
as hers stroked his neck and hair. Their mouths were locked in a deep
kiss, tongues wrestling and exploring. His hard cock worked against her
belly, leaving sticky spots of pre-cum each time it pressed into her
smooth skin. I was forced to stand next to them and watch as they held
each other like familiar lovers. Others in the room began to notice
their embrace and began to clap softly in appreciation.

After several minutes, our captor separated them, leaving each even
more excited than before. My wife's abdomen was wet and sticky.
Her own juices flowed down her inner thighs. Her swollen cunt visibly
throbbed and pulsed as she stood before the crowd, desperately waiting
to be satisfied. The young hunk had lost all control. He fought, wild-
eyed, to reach my wife as his mistress held him in her firm grip. He
suddenly let out a loud moan as cum spurted from his spasmimg penis.
She continued to restrain him, arms pinned behind his back, as he
spurted a hot stream of semen onto my wife's wet belly over two feet
away. As the jet of hot cum sprayed her, she too began a long, low
moan. The monster watched with pride as she orgasmed. Her hips worked
back and forth obscenely, searching for a lover that could not be
found. The muscles of her thighs and ass flexed repeatedly, the sheen
of perspiration enhancing the definition of her delicious naked body.
The room again broke into furious applause as they watched these two
beautiful specimens writhing in intense orgasms.

A few people from the crowd approached my wife and her partner to
participate. A tall blonde woman knelt before the young man, gently
licking the cum from the end of his cock while milking his penis for
more. A man and woman (husband and wife?) feasted on my wife as I
watched. She expertly licked my wife's engorged cunt as her companion
smoothed the dripping cum over her belly and breasts.

Finally Chris and David escorted my wife to another room while the
young hunk's mistress led him to a separate room. I served food and
drinks to the guests, listening to their comments about my wife and
her "mate". Taking me aside, the monster told me to entertain our
guests until the drugs had time to take full effect. It was impossible
to imagine what that would be like. How could they possibly become
more aroused? I would find out soon.

About an hour later, the lights dimmed and the guests began to applaud.
The monster stepped into a circle of light in the center of the large
room. Chairs and sofas moved from other areas of the house now formed a
"theater-in-the-round", as people quickly seated themselves, competing
for the best view.

Lowering his gaze from the light into the murmuring darkness around
him, he spoke.
"Welcome, dear guests. We meet again tonight to savor that which is so
important, so necessary to us. Animal lust and the humiliation it can
bring to the innocent, feeds us, nurtures us, and binds us together as
a family of those who share an awareness of the power this knowledge
bestows."

"We will witness tonight the total surrender of those innocents, their
humiliation and destruction of the ties that bind them together. As
they weaken and accept the rejection of those most dear to them, we
grow stronger, nourishing ourselves with their pain."

He looked into the audience and nodded. David and Chris carried a chair
to the edge of the light. It held a struggling girl, bound and gagged.
The pretty young blonde tried desperately to free herself, her eyes
wide with terror.

"This young bride will know the total rejection of her new husband as
he demonstrates his surrender to another. She will know the absolute
humiliation of rejection before those who live for her pain."

He clapped twice. My wife and the poor girl's husband were brought
to opposite sides of the circle. They had reverted to pure animal lust,
both required restraining as they nervously looked about the room.
When each saw the other's willing, naked body, they fought violently to
escape to the waiting relief at the opposite side of the circle. My
wife panted heavily. The audience gasped as they saw the steady flow of
her juices fall from her pulsing cunt, wetting her straining legs.
His penis was engorged to its limit, twitching and bobbing in front of
him as he struggled to get to my wife. His pubic hair and lower abdomen
were soaked from the constant flow of clear liquid that seeped from the
opening of his raging cock.

His helpless wife's gag was removed and she immediately began to call
his name through her raining tears.
"Oh God, Jim, please help me! Why are they doing this to us? What have
they done to you? Please don't do this, honey. I love you! Pleease,
pleease, don't, I love you!"
She began to cry openly as he stared at her, trying to break free from
the drugs that controlled him.

The monster spoke to him.
"Give me your wife and I will give you what you really want," pointing
to my moaning wife across the room. Tearing his gaze away from his
wife, he watched mine struggling to get at him, hungry for his cock.
"Take her!" he growled, as he lunged for the other side of the room.
"Noooo, nooooo, oh God no!" she wailed as David and Chris began to cut
her clothes from her slim, ivory body.

"Release them!" the giant ordered. They rushed toward each other at the
height of the drugs potency. They met in the center of the light,
feverishly running their hands over each others shining, naked bodies.
Their mouths locked together in a smoldering kiss, tongues stabbing at
each other. He suddenly grabbed her hair, pulling her backwards onto
the carpet. She opened her legs at once inviting him to enter her,
to fuck her, to make her scream with pleasure. With a swift thrust, he
filled her, burying his cock in her with a single stroke. She quickly
wrapped her strong legs around him as he pounded her cunt repeatedly
with his swollen cock. He made growling noises like a wild animal as he
brutally fucked her. She let out a sharp cry with each of his savage
thrusts. She clutched him with her arms and legs, exploring his tight
ass and strong back as she savored his brutality.

He suddenly let out a chilling scream as his cock exploded inside her.
His screams continued as he pumped harder and faster, filling her cunt
with his sperm. As he came, she took his head in her hands and brought
his mouth to hers, sloppily sliding her tongue between his parted lips.

As soon as she sensed he was finished, she rolled him onto his back,
keeping his erection inside her as she gripped it with her aching cunt.
She eagerly explored his hard chest and stomach as she slowly rotated
her hips, grinding her inflamed clitoris against him. From her seat,
his wife was forced to watch as his still erect penis slipped from my
wife's juicy hole. She immediately reached under her, found his
slippery cock, and moved the slick head to her tight asshole. Slowly,
she lowered herself, taking it inside her, moaning, stopping, then
taking more, until the entire length filled her rectum. She then began
to roll her swollen clit between her fingers as she squirmed on top of
him. He played with her breasts, squeezing and pinching her nipples as
she began to lose all control. Her head fell back, a load moan growing
from her throat. The moan rose in pitch until it became a ear piercing
scream. The crowd stared in amazement as she jerked and thrashed,
whipping her head from side to side as she went to a place she had
never been before. She cursed and screamed, "Oh fuck! God, Jesus, oh,
fuck me, cum in me! I'll never come back to you after this, you
impotent fuck! Oh, Jesus, it feels so good! He's mine now you little
cow, you cold little bitch, fuck you! Fuck everything! Oh God, I love
this!" She moaned, her eyes closing, her body suddenly moving so wildly
it became a blur. A second, more powerful orgasm hit her, granted to
her by the monster's will for her cooperation. She gyrated and spasmed
incoherently for several more minutes, then collapsed on the terrified
husband, losing consciousness.

His helpless wife was screaming, terrified first by what she saw, then
by what Chris and David were doing to her. They dragged her from the
chair to the middle of the room where they finished stripping her in
front of the audience. Her exhausted husband watched as Chris freed his
giant erection from his pants and began to push the huge head into her
tight, blonde slit. She screamed and fought as he buried as much as he
could inside her. After only two strokes, her tight cunt quickly milked
him to orgasm. His sperm sprayed from her tiny pussy as he blasted his
jet of come into her, soaking her ass and legs as it collected in a
pool on the carpet beneath her. As David masturbated over her face, he
began to cum, squirting his hot load into her surprised mouth, then
covering her face and long blonde hair with the rest.

Totally devastated, she went limp, staring into space as the audience
exploded in cheers and applause. The monster entered her mind for the
first time, claiming his prize, telling her how to please him and what
she would become.




                             - Part VII -


I woke suddenly the next morning, startled by the final nightmare of my
tortured night's sleep. In my dream, I saw the image of my wife, shiny
with sweat, screaming in orgasm as his face loomed in the background,
mocking me. I looked up to see David watching me from the open door of
the guestroom where I slept. "You can catch a shower, but lose the
butler's threads!" he laughed.

I showered and returned to the living room where Chris and David
waited. "Can I get some clothes from our room?" I asked. It's not your
room now, it's his," answered Chris, smiling. They both rose and
arrived quickly at my side, tying my wrists and ankles with several
pairs of my wife's pantyhose. Pushing my naked body onto a nearby
chair, they returned to the sofa, sharing a bottle of my scotch as
they ate their lunch.

"How 'bout that horny little bitch last night!" teased David. "She sure
did put on a show for us!" added Chris. "I'll bet she'd fuck just
about anything that moves!" Chris grinned at me as he talked. My mind
had become fragmented. I had witnessed my beautiful wife tortured and
humiliated by day, then eagerly perform endless obscenities with these
strangers by night, finally in front of a cheering audience.
Rationally, I knew she was forced to do all these things, but the
images of the pleasure she experienced with these other men played
over and over in my head. The words she had spoken to me in her
passion were unforgettable and devastating. I was forced to listen as
they continued to relive the events of the night before, describing my
wife's hungry body as it was racked with powerful orgasms.

I heard the front door open, and shortly my wife and her master entered
the room. "I've been showing off my new slut," he boasted. "I think
she really enjoyed herself!" She was gorgeous as usual. He led her
into the room, her delicate hand in his, displaying his new
possession. Her face revealed the embarrassment of having been paraded
in public, dressed as he wished, owned by him. She wore a white cotton
halter, just sheer enough to hint at some color where her nipples lie
beneath it. It was a size too small, unable to completely contain her
full breasts. It covered her to just below her nipples, revealing the
bottom curve of each breast. They bounced noticeably with each step she
took. Her white seamless shorts were skin tight, so small they
revealed a large portion of her firm ass. The outline of her genitals
was obscenely visible as the fabric molded to the shape of her outer
labia.

"Tell your husband where we've been today."
She looked at the floor as she spoke softly.
"We went for a walk."
"And where did we go?"
"Downtown."
"Did you enjoy all those men staring at your half-naked body? Did it
excite you?"
"Yes."
"Did you enjoy the movie?"
"Yes."
"Tell your husband where we went, sweetheart."
"To an X-rated theater."
"And tell him what movie you begged me to see," he teased.
Her voice began to break up as she struggled to answer.
"My Wife the Slut," she stammered, as she began to cry.
"Very appropriate, don't you think!" he mocked, as he spoke to me.
"The movie got you very hot, didn't it!"
"Y-Yes," she sobbed, still not able to look up.
"Tell your husband what you did during the movie."
"Oh please, I can't, don't make me do this!" she pleaded, looking up at
him in desperation.
He stared down at her and I saw her wince as he broke her will.
"I took out your cock and played with it until you came."
"And what did you do with the handfuls of cum you milked from me?"
She began to shake as she cried harder.
"I-I ate all of your cum-oh God please, no more!"
All three broke into roars of laughter. "She said it went great with
the popcorn!" the monster joked as he laughed uncontrollably.

I felt sick. The humiliation was unbearable as my poor wife stood
before them, admitting the disgusting acts she was forced to perform.
She stood facing the monster, crying, pleading for an end to this
torture. His answer was to slowly peel the white halter up over her
breasts, exposing them as he played with her hardening nipples. The
smile on his face as he gazed into her eyes showed the cruel pleasure
he received from her suffering.

He resumed his questioning as he continued to play with her breasts and
nipples.
"What did you do after you ate all my cum?"
He probed her mind again, harder.
"I made the man next to me cum too. He was drunk and filthy and I
pumped his cock until he came on my hands, and I sucked all his cum
off my fingers." She cried hysterically as she watched his hands
stroke her naked breasts and belly.

"You may now show your appreciation for your day on the town with a
sexy, wet kiss."
He pulled her against him and placed his mouth over hers while she
wept. David and Chris watched her slim body as she stretched to meet
his hungry mouth. While the monster filled her mouth with his huge
tongue, Chris approached her from behind and slowly peeled the tight
shorts over her ass and down her long, tan legs. The two continued to
watch, seeming to know not to touch until given permission.

Releasing her, he held her gaze with his piercing eyes, readying her
for his next command.
"Show your husband how much you like my cum. Get on your knees and suck
me dry."
Still sobbing, but almost in a trance, she dropped to her knees below
him. She opened his pants, sliding them down his giant thighs to the
floor. His cock seemed always erect, now pulsing and bobbing inches in
front of my wife's reluctant mouth. The head was swollen and sticky,
with a large drop of pre-cum resting on its gaping eye. She took it
gently in both hands, then closed her mouth around the purple head.
Sucking carefully, her hands moved up and down along the thick shaft,
causing it to harden and swell even more with each stroke. Her tongue
swirled over the stiff ball of meat in her mouth, licking the fluids
from its opening. As she worked to make him orgasm as quickly as
possible, David probed and explored her body from behind. He was on
his knees behind her, his hands stroking her ass, then disappearing
between her legs, I guessed penetrating her ass and pussy with excited
fingers. Chris seemed to enjoy looking at her face as she sucked his
leader, pulling her silky hair back for a better view as tears rolled
down her face, wetting the monster's bulging penis.

"Now slut, I give you what you thirst for!" he roared. "Do not
disappoint me!"
He started to moan and his hips thrust harder, his cock seeking the
pleasure her warm mouth gave him. Her hands cradled his large balls,
stroking and tugging at them as she took as much of him as she could
into her mouth. A hot jet of semen exploded into her throat. She began
to swallow at once, fearing his punishment if she failed to consume
every drop. After a few seconds, he pulled his cock from her mouth.
Still spurting, he sprayed the sticky goo over her face and hair,
drenching her as she made her face his target. His cum still flowing,
he pushed her onto her back and quickly buried his spewing organ in
her cunt. He slammed into her limp, exhausted body, semen gushing from
her with every stroke. David and Chris immediately began to lick her
face and hair clean, washing her eyes, ears, and mouth with their
impossibly long tongues. As he crashed into her body again and again,
he looked down into her tear-filled eyes and demanded the final
surrender.
"Do I own you completely, you little slut? Do you give your sweet body
and your mind to me freely?"
As I turned my head from the brutal scene, I heard her sobbing answer.
"Y-Y-Yes, I-I'm yours."




                             - Part VIII -


Later that evening, I was led to our garage, still bound and naked. I
was surprised to see a black limousine waiting, just barely able to
fit in the small, dark space. Chris and David opened the right rear
door and heaved me inside, slamming it behind me. The interior was
luxurious, mostly soft, black leather, accented by scarlet carpet and
velvet trim. The compartment was spacious, my seat facing another long
leather sofa. Across from me sat the monster, sprawled in the center
of the heavily cushioned seat. He smiled quietly as he watched my
reaction to the scene before me.

My wife lay on her back, stretched out over the entire length of the
seat, her hips elevated, resting directly on his lap. She wore a
deeply cut tunic made entirely of transparent red lace. It came to
just above her navel, displaying her flat, soft belly and freshly
shaved genitals. Her firm, sculptured legs moved restlessly as she
worked her toes into the velvet trim of the opposite door. Eyes
closed, she rolled her head slowly from side to side as she ran her
fingers through her silky, dark hair. Now and then, soft purring
sounds caused her supple throat to tense slightly as she adjusted
herself on his powerful hips. She appeared heavily drugged, completely
immersed in a sea of pleasure.

He stroked her body with expert hands. Moving down her swaying legs, he
stopped, then returned his caresses up along her inner thighs.
Avoiding her pussy, he continued along the creases of her groin,
causing her to inhale sharply as he passed over soft, sensitive
secrets, once shared with me alone. His fingers brushed her abdomen,
playing, teasing, but never quite reaching the waiting slit between
her legs.

As he played with her, the lips of her pussy opened and stiffened, so
engorged with blood that they rose above her elevated hips in obscene
relief. Her clitoris jutted over them like a small penis, visibly
throbbing in time to her racing pulse. Occasionally he would wet his
finger with her juices, then gently trace the folds of her inner labia,
causing her to stiffen and moan loudly. He carefully avoided her clit,
allowing her hunger to build, saving her for what was to come.

The car had begun to move, but the darkened windows made it impossible
to tell where we were headed. As she enjoyed his caresses, he spoke to
me while we sped through the night.
"Tonight we hold a ceremony of great importance to me. We will travel
to a sacred place where my family will gather. Your sweet wife will
formally denounce and reject you, our version of divorce. She will then
become my bride and property before you and my people. This ritual will
completely sever her physical desire for you. She may stay with you if
she wishes, but you will never satisfy her again. Her body will belong
to me forever, to use as I see fit."

Tears fell from the corners of my eyes as I watched her respond to his
touch. Could he really do this? Was he just some madman leading another
warped cult? Terror gripped me as I remembered his ability to enter our
minds, and the impossible changes in David's and Chris' physical
appearance as they ravished my wife over the past days.

After a long drive, the car finally slowed to a stop. He continued to
stroke my wife as she became increasingly aroused. I noticed that her
left hand was busy in his lap, kneading and grasping his erection
through his clothes. "This is where you get out," he announced. The
door opened suddenly and with one giant hand, he shoved me out of the
car. I landed hard in the dirt, stunned as I watched the shiny black
limo pull away into the darkness.

I was quickly wrestled to my feet by a small group of men dressed in
red robes and the familiar Mardi Gras masks. I was dragged a short
distance to the edge of a dense, dark woods, then along a trail that
led to a large, open circle filled with people, all dressed in similar
costumes. They watched as I was carried to a large stone circle in the
center of the clearing. Embedded in the stone floor were two huge
wooden beams, forming the shape of a large X, rising into the night
sky. I struggled, terrified, as my feet were tied to heavy ropes,
passing through pulleys at the top of each beam. I was then hoisted by
my ankles, my legs spread as my feet were drawn to each end of the
crossed beams. My hands were then tied to the bottom of each beam,
stretching my arms to the limit. Hanging upside-down, I saw the crowd
gather around me in anticipation. Lighted torches blazed at the
perimeter the clearing, and hundreds of candles burned on the stone
floor in front of me. The fear was paralyzing as I was suspended, naked
and vulnerable, before this depraved audience.

Chills covered my body as I heard a low chanting begin. The crowd
parted in front of me, reciting ominous alien phrases. Through the dim
light, I could make out the monster and my wife approaching me. He
looked larger and more terrifying than I had ever seen him. His face
was concealed by a horrific mask with huge horns and bulging eyes. He
was naked, except for a small red thong that barely covered his egg-
sized testicles and bursting erection. The moonlight and candles
highlighted every muscle, as all eyes followed his impressive body.

My wife was almost unrecognizable. Her eyes were wide with lust and
excitement as she walked beside him, her small hand in his. She wore
the same red lace tunic, but with several additions. Her hair was piled
on top of her head, held in place by red ribbons and a long red bridal
veil which fell over her radiant face. The twenty-foot red train that
trailed behind her was held in place by a small red thong that opened
in front to display her swollen vulva. The bright red of her "bridal
gown" seemed to glow in the light of the hundreds of burning candles
around her. Her distended genitals and nearly naked body, clothed in
this hideous gown, added to the perverse atmosphere of the occasion.

They stopped several feet in front of me. Removing her veil, he brought
his mouth to hers, kissing her deeply. Her soft moan sent a murmur
through the crowd. He released her, turning her to face me. Her eyes
were fixed on mine as he removed her train and thong with a swift tug.
I looked up at her, amazed at the flow of juices from her gaping pussy.
The torches lighted her from the back, revealing every curve of her
body through the thin lace. Her large breasts and hard nipples strained
against the lace, nearly bursting it with every deep breath.

He stood back as she approached me on the rack. Reaching out, she
gently pulled my penis and balls aside with her left hand. In her right
hand was a small capsule which she slowly inserted into my ass. I felt
a warmth spread through my gut as she watched me patiently. He moved
behind her, licking her neck and ears as they watched me respond.

Very soon I knew this was the same drug he used on her, so many times
before. Within minutes I had the hardest erection of my life. It jerked
and throbbed as droplets of pre-cum fell on my stomach and face. My
hips moved involuntarily as I struggled to find relief. The crowd
started to chant again as they watched me thrust my cock back and
forth, more of my fluids falling to the stone floor. It was maddening!
How did my wife stand the doses he gave her?

He turned her to face him, then spoke.
"You have reached a crossroads, a place to which you can never return.
You will spill his seed one last time. Your beautiful body will never
again give him pleasure. You will crave only my mouth, my body, my
cock. You will live to be my slut and slave."
Staring into his eyes, she took her oath.
"I will never again give him pleasure. I crave only your mouth, your
body, and your cock. I live to be your slut and slave."

He handed her a small glass goblet. She accepted it and came close to
me, inches away. In a slow, rhythmic, motion, she began to rub her
dripping cunt against me. Her juices flowed down my chest as she pushed
harder against me. As she began to moan, she took my cock in her right
hand and began to pump. I came within seconds, shooting a heavy stream
of cum into the goblet in her other hand. She quickly took both
testicles into her mouth while she milked my spurting cock into the
goblet. As she tongued my balls, I came a second time, adding another
sticky load to the glass. When she saw my cum stop, she sucked the head
of my cock into her mouth and milked me for several minutes more,
spitting every drop of my sperm into the goblet.

"Do you reject him totally, completely, as long as you shall live?"
As she looked into his eyes, a single tear ran down her cheek.
Horrified, he ripped into her brain, ranting and screaming, killing all
resistance. She winced slightly, then said the words.
"I reject him totally and completely, as long as I shall live."
"You may now show us proof of your oath. Will you give him pain while I
give you pleasure?"
"Yes."
Placing the glass of sperm on a large raised stone nearby, she faced me
again, taking one of my testicles in each hand. He moved close behind
her, stroking her firm ass. She began to squeeze my balls, her
fingertips finding the most sensitive spots almost immediately. The
familiar agony returned - aching, burning, searing pain. He reached
under her and took her hard clitoris between his fingers. She cried
out, stabbing more violently at my balls as her orgasm approached. She
sought and found the sensitive cords higher in my scrotum, pinching and
milking the exposed nerves running along them. I was screaming now, the
loud chanting of the crowd drowning out my shrieks of agony.

As he rolled her clit, he inserted a finger into her ass, making her
orgasm at once. She screamed and thrashed while he held her tightly,
one finger in her ass, the others dancing over her throbbing, exposed
cunt. She clung to my balls as she spasmed, pulling my body away from
the heavy beams that held me, then smashing me back onto the hard
supports. As I lost consciousness, I looked up to see her head turned
back over her shoulder, kissing him as he continued to play with her
sopping cunt.

I was rudely revived when one of the robed men dowsed my limp body with
a bucket of ice cold water. Apparently, I was not to miss any of the
ceremony that followed. I looked up along my stretched, naked body,
surprised to see my penis still hard and twitching. An occasional
droplet of pre-cum fell from its tip to the cold stone platform beneath
me. Thin trickles of blood ran from my burning scrotum, past my
erection, mixing with the drying pre-cum on my stomach. I was afraid to
imagine the damage she had inflicted to my testicles as she was racked
with the violent orgasm.

Two robed women approached the stage. Between them walked a slim young
girl, trancelike in her movements. As they came closer, I recognized
her as the blonde wife he had initiated in our home the previous night.
She was thin, not quite skinny, except for her large jutting breasts
topped with tiny hard nipples. Her ivory skin seemed to glow,
reflecting the light from the full moon overhead. She was naked, except
for a heavy leather collar with a large brass ring attached to the
front. Her wrists and ankles were circled by similar leather bands with
rings. A short length of scarlet rope bound her wrists to her collar,
her raised arms still unable to conceal her large breasts. Another rope
was tied between rings on her ankle bands, allowing her only small,
careful steps as she approached. Her shaved pussy was unfolded, a
button of a clitoris straining to emerge from its juicy hood. Her
smooth inner thighs twitched as she walked, trying to find relief from
the powerful drugs that fired her. Panting heavily, her tiny waist drew
attention to her white, flat belly as it sucked in and out with each
deep breath. Terror consumed her as she took in the scene before her,
but the drugs forced her body to obey.

He faced my wife again, hands stroking her sensitive neck.
"Use this vessel to dispose of your husband's final seed. When it is
gone, you will no longer desire pleasure in his presence. Your
beautiful body will respond to me only, longing for me constantly,
always obeying me."
"I long for you constantly, always obeying," she repeated.

Retrieving the goblet from the stone, she offered it to the shaking
young blonde. Entering her mind, he commanded, "DRINK THE FINAL SEED OF
HER LOST HUSBAND. BREAK THEIR TIE AS YOURS WAS SO EASILY SEVERED."
Hands shaking, she took the goblet, raising it to her parted lips.
Tilting the glass, she felt the warm, thick paste enter her mouth. She
swallowed repeatedly, choking as the sticky cum slid down her throat.
Finally, she took the goblet from her lips as the last drops of my
semen entered her belly.

The monster turned to face his audience, announcing, "Bring him to me."
Two large robed men dragged a third man to the stone circle. The leader
removed the man's mask, revealing the face of the young blonde's
husband.

"You have tried to deceive me. You can not hide your betrayal of our
family, just as you could not conceal the betrayal of your own wife. I
will now take payment for your feeble deception."
The man proclaimed his innocence and begged for mercy as he was
stripped and tied, spread-eagled, to the massive stone at the circle's
center. His drugged wife watched helplessly, tears streaming down her
face.

The monster turned to my wife, probing her mind, teaching her how to
proceed. She looked into his angry eyes for a short time, then walked
slowly to the stone alter. Kneeling between the struggling man's legs,
she held out the small, sharp scalpel he had given her. The man
screamed in terror as she began to work.

Quickly and deliberately she opened his shrinking scrotum, slitting the
small pouch down the middle. Pulling back the skin, she retrieved a
gray testicle, painfully stretching its cord from his body. With a
practiced nick, she severed the pulsing egg and placed it on his chest,
allowing him to watch it die. She repeated the procedure on the
remaining testicle, placing it alongside the first.

His screams were hideous. I was terrified that I might be next. He
appeared to weaken as the blood streamed from his crotch. His screams
turned to quiet moans as he stared into space, delirious. As he
quieted, my wife climbed onto his bleeding body, straddling his
abdomen. She began to grind her leaking pussy into him with savage
thrusts. Each time she drove her frantic pelvis into him, he moaned
louder, the blood leaving his limp body more quickly as her muscular
buttocks rotated against his lower abdomen. His body jerked as she
orgasmed, thrashing and pounding him with her strong hips and ass.
Recovering quickly, she stood beside him, holding one of his severed
balls in each hand.

The monster led the terrified blonde to where my wife stood, beside the
stone platform.
"This is the price of infidelity and deception."
He nodded at my wife, anger still filling his eyes. As both husband and
wife watched, she closed her long fingers around the firm organs,
crushing them with a sudden squeeze.

As the monster raised his arms and looked up into the night, the stone
floor began to shake. The large altar began to crack and the stone
circle around it vibrated and crumbled. The stone around the altar
disintegrated, opening a shaft eight feet in diameter. The altar
collapsed and fell into the deep well, carrying the blonde's screaming
husband into a swirling vortex of steam and smoke. The crowd chanted
loudly as a thick column of twisting fog exited the shaft and extended
up into the night.

"Come, my children," invited the giant, smiling. Chris and David
scampered to him from out of the darkness, waiting eagerly by his side.
"She is my gift to you. Do what you wish with her."
Removing the ropes from young blonde's wrists and ankles, he released
her pale shaking body to them.

They pounced on her like wild animals. David held her shoulders,
licking her face and breasts while Chris held her legs in the air as he
stood between them. They pulled her violently in opposite directions,
her terrified screams rising over the endless chanting. Chris worked
his way to her wet, swollen cunt, placing the head of his immense cock
at the entrance. With a quick shove, he filled her, enjoying her sudden
moans of pleasure. David's tongue entered her mouth, exploring the
depths of her body as it slowly snaked down her delicate throat.

They danced around the forbidding pit as they held her body in the air
between them. Chris repeatedly buried just over half of his enormous
cock in her, pounding the giant head against her tight cervix with each
thrust. Her small body was stretched and twisted, her mind reeling in
the confusion of the pleasure and pain she received. Chris' thrusts
became more violent, tearing the delicate tissues of her cervix and
vagina. As he began to fill her with his sperm, his cock tore through
her cervix, painfully penetrating her womb. She howled as the pain
overcame all other sensations. His hot cum filled her as they leaped
over the edge of the shaft and disappeared into the steaming vortex
below. She belonged to them now, condemned to an eternity of pain and
pleasure, taken to a place where they would share her with others even
more experienced in the torture of her young body.

Immediately the ground began to shake a second time. The pillar of
dense fog was sucked back into the shaft as the stone floor began to
reform. Within minutes, the stone had returned to its stark appearance,
the ancient altar reappearing before my eyes. For the first time
tonight, silence blanketed the clearing in the dark woods. The audience
stood quietly, waiting for their leader to speak.

He stood facing them, my wife by his side. Their perfect bodies stood
like sculptures in the flickering candlelight. He broke the silence
with his commanding voice.
"I have come before you tonight to wed this succulent woman. You will
be witnesses to our vows, our bond, and our lust for each other. To
become part of our family is a rare and special privilege. We make our
vows with respect and reverence to those most dear to us."

He turned to face my wife, her dazed eyes fixed on his. Running his
large hands over her shoulders and neck, he stroked her hair, beginning
his vows.
"I will satisfy you in every way. I will possess you and protect you. I
will pleasure you as no other man can. I will take you places yet
unimagined and return you more of a woman than any man can know."

Trembling with excitement, she began.
"I discard the flesh that was once my husband. He will never again know
the warmth of my body or the pleasure I can give. I will satisfy you
and you alone in every way. I will submit to you completely, body and
mind. I will be your wife and slut, giving myself to others at your
whim. I will follow you to places unimagined and return, sharing new
heights of ecstasy unknown to all but you.

He pulled her close to him, their mouths meeting, as she ran her hands
over his neck and massive shoulders. She welcomed his skilled tongue
deeply into her mouth as she pressed her breasts and cunt against his
hard body. She could feel his stiff erection against her belly as she
moved her hands over the familiar contours of his narrow, muscular ass.
I watched, sickened, as their passionate embrace continued for several
minutes.

He broke the embrace, again addressing his audience.
"We now invite you to share our first coupling as husband and wife. We
offer this display as proof of our vows and as a gesture to you of our
respect and belonging to our family."

She raised her arms over her head to allow him to remove the red lace
tunic. As he lifted it over her head, the crowd gasped at the sight of
her firm, chiseled body. Excited by the crowd's response, she quickly
peeled the elastic thong down his thick thighs, exposing his raging
cock and huge balls. She dropped to her knees, sucking the hard, purple
head into her mouth. She felt him grasp her by the hair, gently lifting
her back to her feet.
"It seems my new wife is impatient to begin!" he laughed. The audience
returned his laughter, forgiving her mistake.

He carried her to the altar, carefully laying her on the cold stone.
She immediately opened her legs, inviting him to take her. He stood
between her outstretched legs, watching her, waiting for the words. She
looked up at him, her eyes pleading. "Fuck me," she whispered. "They
must hear you so they can share this," he coached. "Fuck me, please
fuck me!" she cried. "Make me cum! Cum in me, my husband!"

He lowered himself to her waiting body, slowly sliding the length of
his cock into her. She responded with a satisfied, "Yessss, oh
yesssss!" He slowly withdrew from her, his bobbing penis suspended
above her writhing hips. Clasping it with both hands, she moved the
purple head to her cunt and inserted it. Fingering his balls, she
pulled him closer, filling herself a second time with the full length
of his cock. He remained motionless, his organ buried deep within her
as he smiled down at her.

"Do you want my seed inside you, wife?"
"Please, fill me with your seed, husband."
He worked his hips in circles, keeping his penis deep inside her. My
wife moaned openly as he massaged her clitoris with fevered gyrations.
Her hands clutched his ass as she tilted her hips up to him, exposing
her swollen genitals to his grinding motion. Lowering his face to her,
their mouths met in a hungry kiss. He began to stroke her with his
cock, continuing to rotate his hips. She moaned louder as his immense
body covered her, his strong hands holding her beautiful face.

Soon her body began to shake as she released a constant, loud moan. Her
hips bucked wildly into his plunging cock, her fingers digging into his
muscular buttocks. He kept his mouth over hers as she came, as if
trying to ingest each of her muffled moans and cries. As she orgasmed,
his body stiffened, then began to release a gush of semen into her. The
hot stream of cum against her cervix sent her body into frenzied
spasms, intensifying her continuing orgasm to a level she had not
imagined. Cum leaked from her as her vagina overflowed, sending a small
river of semen down the side of the altar.

I was sickened by the view above them from where I was tied. His
massive body covered her from neck to crotch. The only parts of my wife
visible to me were her sweet face as her tongue wrestled with his in
their passionate kiss, and her long, firm legs as they squirmed and
flexed under him. Thick wads of cum ran from between her legs to the
edge of the altar, then spilled over the side, forming an expanding
puddle on the stone floor below.

While she came, he pulled his mouth from hers, turning her face toward
the audience to allow them to watch her joy as he sustained her
orgasm. She gasped and moaned loudly now, feeding the crowd with her
unrestrained passion. Applause rose from the murmuring crowd as they
showed her their appreciation.

Finally, their bodies stilled and relaxed. Panting, they rested,
recovering from the marathon of lust. After a few minutes, he rose to
his feet and faced the excited crowd. His long penis hung to mid thigh,
wet with his cum and my wife's juices.
"My wife and I thank you for witnessing our sacred event. You may now
receive our gift to you for your attendance."

A line formed at the foot of the altar as he led his followers, one by
one, to a position between my wife's open legs. Kneeling, they lowered
their mouths to her sopping cunt, drinking a small portion of their
leader's precious seed. She watched, smiling, as every man and woman in
the audience approached to taste her, to savor her new husband's gift
to them.

One by one, the members of the audience disappeared into the dark
woods. When the clearing was deserted, he lifted her in his huge arms
and approached me. He held his prize close to him, her tired head
resting on his wide chest. His cum still dripped from her crotch,
falling to the stone beneath them in thick globs. She nuzzled his
chest, licking him now and then as he cradled her beautiful body. He
watched me for a long time, showing me his victory, making sure I would
remember her surrender to him. Turning, he carried her into the black
night, leaving me tied and alone as thunder rumbled in the distance.
A sudden breeze chilled my naked body as a light rain began to fall,
washing the blood from my chest and belly. After what seemed like
hours, I drifted off into a deep sleep.




                              - Part IX -


I opened my eyes to familiar surroundings. Early morning sunlight
filtered through our bedroom window as my feet sank into the thick,
comforting carpet. The house was quiet, except for an occasional
passing car and a chorus of birds in the backyard. It was like waking
from a nightmare, relieved to find myself safe and secure, thankful for
the escape back to reality.

Quietly, carefully, I searched the house. Each time I found a room
empty, I feared that the next would contain the monster and his brood.
The absence of the terror and humiliation surrounding us over the past
days was almost too much to hope for. After several thorough
inspections, I was certain I was alone. I began to imagine the worst
for my wife. Was she safe? Had she left me? Her clothes and possessions
were untouched. Everything was as it should be. Could this all have
possibly been a dream or some kind of hallucination? What the hell was
going on?

Hunger began to gnaw at me as I remembered how little I had eaten over
the past few days. The breakfast I prepared was delicious and my
strength began to return. A badly needed shower was next. The torrent
of hot water was rejuvenating and relaxing. As my frayed nerves began
to recover, I felt a burning sensation over my groin. Looking down, I
saw the water turn pink as blood seeped from my lacerated scrotum. I
guessed the dream theory was out. I soaped myself gingerly, cleaning my
wounds. After cleaning up, I dressed, feeling like I was part of the
real world again.

I searched the house again for my wife, but couldn't find a trace of
her. Telling myself to relax, I decided to wait a while for her return,
probably from shopping or lunch with the girls. It was Saturday, and
she was frequently gone most of the day.

By evening, I became more concerned. By 2:00 am, I considered calling
the police. Was the monster still in our lives? Would he retaliate,
possibly harming her, if I pursued him?

After a sleepless night, Sunday passed without a word from her. By
Sunday night I was a wreck. Restlessly, I paced through the house and
drank, trying to decide what to do.

At midnight, the doorbell rang. I raced to the forier, anxiously
swinging open the front door. I turned to stone as I saw the monster
and my wife, hand-in-hand, waiting. Without a word they entered, the
giant smiling as he looked down at me. He wore an expensive suit and
was impeccably groomed. Although still huge, he could have passed for a
lawyer or a businessman. My wife stood beside him, her face showing a
nervous smile. She wore a beautiful black velvet gown, brushing the
floor as she walked. The neckline was low enough to reveal the top half
of both breasts, including a bit of her dark nipples at the border. As
she passed me, I noticed the back of the dress dipped to display the
two sharp dimples and crease of her perfect ass. They made themselves
at home on the sofa as I followed them into the living room for an
explanation.

He watched me calmly as he spoke in even tones.
"I hope you weren't worried, but every couple deserves a honeymoon."
My wife fidgeted beside him, watching me as he continued.
"I am returning my new wife here to live. You will care for her,
provide for her, and be a companion for her. You will not have sex with
her or attempt to excite her in any way. That is for me alone. The lust
she carries for me is strong, and you must come to terms with her
perpetual cravings. They are not for you to share. I will visit often
to enjoy her body and to provide relief from the heat within her. We
will spend time away from you, the length and purpose of which is not
your concern. You will find her changed in many ways, some undoubtedly
disturbing to you. You will live with her, grow accustomed to these
things, and accept them as conditions over which you have no control.
This is not your choice. I have decided this, and you will obey."

As he spoke, her hand rested on his huge thigh, stroking it while she
listened. She looked at me calmly, as though the arrangement was agreed
upon before their arrival. I saw no evidence of the drugs, but
something about her was very different.

"I have business to attend to, and will be leaving now."
He rose from the sofa and walked to the door. She followed him,
standing near him as he turned to leave. He smiled at her, and she
embraced him, straining to reach his wide mouth. Her hand went to his
erection, stroking and squeezing it through his suit. His hands trailed
down her bare back, circling the crevice between her buttocks,
returning up along the sides of her exposed torso, making her gasp as
he brushed the outer curves of her breasts.

"I must go," he replied. Breathless, she watched him leave, staring at
the door that closed behind him. Recovering slowly, she turned to me
with sympathy in her eyes. I went to her and held her, watching a tear
escape down her cheek. Putting her arms around me, she cried softly,
her face buried in my chest. She was so beautiful, so vulnerable, her
body soft and hard at the same time.

As my erection reached its full size, she felt it against her flat
stomach. Immediately she pushed me away, running to the bathroom and
slamming the door. Coming closer, I could hear her gagging and vomiting
on the other side of the door. After ten or fifteen minutes she
returned, glaring at me, keeping her distance.
"I'm sorry. I love you, but the thought of you fucking me makes me ill.
I can't help it; it's the way I am now. I'm sorry, but I can only be
with him now."

I couldn't face her. My head was swimming as I bolted out the door. I
jumped in the car, hoping a drive would clear my head.

I returned several hours later, still upset. As I entered the house, I
heard my wife's voice. Walking quietly to our bedroom, I listened to
her conversation on the phone.
"But I need you now. My cunt is aching and wet. I want you inside me. I
need to lick your balls and suck your hard cock. ... Yes, I know, but I
can't wait that long! .. No, he got an erection after you left, but it
made me sick. ... But- ... yes, I understand. ... Yes ...Yes ... OK ...
I will. ...I understand. ...OK ... I'm yours, my husband."

I peered around the corner as she hung up the phone. She was on the
bed, wearing only her slip, staring at the ceiling. Her legs were drawn
up, and I could see she was naked underneath. Her open legs framed her
swollen cunt. Her juices gleamed as they soaked the bedding beneath
her. She played with her breasts, hands moving under the sheer, black
slip.

I couldn't take any more. I charged into the room to the bed.
"What are you doing? Was that him on the phone? How long do you think I
can stand this?"
She looked at me from the bed, still playing with her stiffened
nipples, not bothering to stop.
"I'm sorry, I told you I can't help it! I need sex so badly, but it has
to be with him! He won't even let me masturbate! I'm in as much agony
as you are! How can I possibly live like this!"

Pulling her hands from under the slip in frustration, she began to cry,
the smell of her sex filling the room. What could I do? Her excited
body had made me hard again, but comforting her in my obvious condition
would only make her sick. I walked slowly from the room, hoping she
could help herself. I poured the first of many drinks, trying to deaden
the pain the monster had again inflicted.

The next few days were increasingly difficult. We barely talked, each
knowing the pain we caused the other. While in the house, she wore only
a cotton shirt tied at the front. Her jostling breasts flirted with me
each time the top fell open to reveal the soft flesh that now belonged
to him. She stayed naked from the waist down, as he requested. He had
warned her that if she was not ready, with her cunt exposed, he would
refuse to satisfy her the next time he arrived. Her long, sculptured
thighs were constantly slick with the liquids that flowed unendingly
from her dripping cunt. It sickened me to know that her blatant display
of lust was fired only by the creature that caused our misery.

One day, just after noon, a package arrived for her. She had rushed to
the door, hoping it was him. The mailman stared at her, taking in her
body as she signed for the package, mortified at her mistake. Opening
the shoebox-sized parcel, she read the letter inside.

    Dear wife,

    Enclosed is an assortment of condoms. You will show your
    love for me by filling them with cum. You may drain any man you
    wish (except your house companion) in any manner you wish. Collect
    each of your newfound lover's semen in a separate condom, tie the
    end, and save them for me. When you accumulate 12 cum-filled
    condoms, I will reward you with an intense sexual experience,
    bathing you in ecstasies you can not imagine. Enjoy yourself as you
    milk these men of their semen, and think of me as they shoot their
    hot cum into your beautiful, desperate body.

                                                 Your anxious husband

Without a word, she disappeared into the bedroom carrying the box.
Minutes later she reappeared, having added a pair of tiny red shorts
and sandals to her outfit. I noticed several packs of the brightly
colored condoms stuffed in her purse as she hurried out the door.

As the week passed, she brought home several used condoms each day.
Refusing to tell me where she "filled" them, my imagination began to
torture me. She retrieved them from everywhere - work (her lecherous
boss?), the gym (a sweaty personal trainer?), and movies (another
stranger?). She dressed seductively each night and went out for hours,
sometimes returning with two or three trophies for her master. She
displayed her cum collection in a large glass bowl which she placed at
the head of our bed, reminding me to keep my distance when we shared
the bed. I was forced to accept her treasures when she returned, then
place the slimy, knotted sacks into the bowl. It was also my job to
keep track of the total, informing her immediately when she acquired
a sufficient number to earn the fevered stroking of her master's always
erect cock.

By the following Saturday she had collected sixteen condoms, five of
them on Friday night. I heard her make the call to him, talking softly
in the bedroom. Her hand entered her open blouse, playing with her
breasts as she received his praise for her obedience and devotion. She
answered him breathlessly, with short responses and low, throaty moans.
She leaked freely onto the bedding where she sat, lubricating her
thighs as she rubbed them together, feeling the warmth spread from her
wet genitals to her belly and breasts. I was sickened to see how
intensely she responded to his voice. I felt I had truly lost her.

Seeing me at the door, she closed and locked it, preparing herself for
his arrival later that night. After an hour, she reappeared in the
clothes she had selected for his anticipated visit. She wore a white,
lace half-bra, exposing and lifting her breasts and nipples forward,
offering them to his waiting hands. A narrow, white satin braid circled
her slim waist. Another section of braid ran from front to back, buried
in her swollen labia and the crevice of her perfect ass. Small gold
rings fastened it in the front and back to the elegant braided belt.
Covering her body from neck to toes was a sheer white gown, held in
place by a gold collar. The nearly transparent covering accented her
firm, tan body as she moved enticingly beneath it.

He had requested that I also dress for the occasion. Naked, I wore only
a leather strap around my cock and balls attached to a long gold chain.
Forced to allow my wife to again insert one of his capsules into my
ass, my cock sprang to attention in front of me, its head wet with
droplets of my pre-cum. She held my chain as she paced in front of the
door, waiting for his arrival.

Very soon the doorbell rang. My wife lunged for the door as I tried to
prepare myself for the perversion and humiliation of the long night
ahead.




                              - Part X -


He filled the open door with his huge frame, seemingly larger each time
he appeared. His thickly veined arms sprouted from the sides of
the black tank top that clung to him like a second skin. Mountainous
knots of muscle strained at the fabric that covered his chest and
stomach. The white spandex shorts left nothing to the imagination,
showing a clear outline of his perpetual erection. I watched my wife as
her eyes were drawn to it, following the thick cord along the bottom of
the pulsating shaft to the sharply flared glans straining to escape
from the waistband. His thighs nearly touched both sides of the door
frame, bulging with tight bands of hard, woven muscle. His presence was
so intimidating that my pulse pounded and my body shook in fear of what
he was capable of this evening.

He entered, now having to duck to clear the top of the entrance to our
home. My wife stood in awe of his towering, impressive physique. Once
inside, he smiled at her hungrily, enjoying her longing body, displayed
in a way that was calculated to excite him. He finally broke the tense
silence.

"Well, aren't you going to kiss your husband?"
She approached him, eagerly reaching for his waiting lips. He lowered
his face to hers, drinking the liquid from her warm, soft mouth. Her
throat pulsed rhythmically as she wrestled and probed his tongue with
hers. Her taught body stretched to meet him, showing the sculptured
lines of her legs, ass and waist.

He released her, their eyes remaining locked in knowing, silent
communication. He turned slightly toward the open door, looking behind
him as he spoke.
"I've brought you a playmate tonight," he said softly.
As he stepped aside, she entered, standing beside him with the same
evil grin. I remembered that grin. This tall, muscular, black woman
delivered the unfortunate blonde's husband to our house the night he
was initiated. She was dressed the same as he, her large breasts
bouncing under the tank top. Portions of the black globes overflowed
through the open sections on each side, just in front of her large,
firm arms. The elastic white shorts molded her protruding mound,
already showing a damp stain along the vertical crevice between her
incredibly large labia. She had the physique of a female bodybuilder,
except for the jutting breasts capped with large, stiff nipples. Her
smooth, ebony skin was stretched tightly over a well-muscled frame that
promised a long night of humiliation and perversion.

She walked to my wife, drooling at this succulent prey. Reaching out,
she examined the sheer, white material, running it through her fingers
as she leered, waiting for my wife's reaction. My wife looked confused,
unfamiliar with the advances of another woman. He watched her response
with interest and amusement.

Suddenly, violently, she ripped the delicate covering from my wife's
body. My startled wife stood her ground, her face and shaking body
showing her growing apprehension. She looked to him for guidance, for
answers to questions she had never been asked. He responded with
emptiness from cold eyes she dreaded remembering.

The amazon again raised her muscular arms, this time stroking my wife's
pouting breasts with her long, black fingers. She brought her
fingertips to the nipples, feeling them stiffen as she rolled and
pinched them. Excited by my wife's discomfort, she breathed the words
softly into my wife's face.
"Hello, Beauty. My name's Agony. Won't you come play with me?"
She stood silently, shaking, not knowing how to respond. She expected
him to satisfy her tonight, to fill her with his hard cock, to make her
cum again and again until she found some relief to the urges that
tortured her. Bewildered by this turn of events, she struggled to
separate her heat of sexual frustration from the advances of this
beautiful black lesbian.

"It's not polite to snub my friend, dear," mocked the giant. "Tell her
you're sorry, then kiss and make up."
"I'm sorry," my wife muttered, looking into the amazon's liquid, brown
eyes. She winced slightly as he prodded her, then pressed herself
against Agony's hard breasts as their mouths joined in a deep kiss. Her
body trembled as feminine black hands caressed her back, then found
her firm buttocks, pulling them apart, trying to find the wet wings of
swollen flesh just out of reach. Her mind reeled as she felt the tip
of a soft finger massage, then enter her ass. She let out a short moan
as she desperately tried to fight the cravings that grew daily within
her over the past week.

After toying with her for several minutes, Agony released her, asking
again, "Come on Beauty, will you play with me?" She had no choice.
"Yes," she answered.

We all headed for the living room. Agony had spied my chain. Gleefully
recovering the loose end, she led me behind her, yanking hard now and
then to hear me yelp. "You don't seriously let this disgusting thing
touch you?" she asked my wife.
"Not any more, it makes me ill."
"It makes me ill, too," she said, laughing. Handing the end of my chain
to the monster, she continued, "Please keep this pathetic bag of cum
away from us. It's making both of us sick!" He chuckled as he accepted
the chain, leading me to an iron railing near the stairs at the far end
of the room. He passed the chain between my legs, tying and locking it
to the waist-high railing behind me. I was forced to stand against the
cold metal railing, my cock and balls tied tightly to it from behind.
He returned to his chair without saying a word, watching my wife and
his "friend" eye each other, waiting in the center of the room.

"I love how you've dressed for me tonight," began Agony in her soft,
mesmerizing tones. Her voice was soothing, sexy, intoxicating; an eerie
mismatch to her imposing stature.
"And these, mmmm, so soft, white, and creamy."
She lowered her mouth to my wife's breasts, licking them and sucking at
the hardened nipples until they glistened with her saliva.

"Now, you do me," she cooed. My wife hesitated, then pulled Agony's top
up over her head and off her outstretched arms. Her breasts were even
larger than my wife's. They jutted forward, the large, dark nipples
extending, moving like small fingers reaching out for her touch.
Reluctantly, she lowered her face to Agony's heaving, black tits,
taking one of the large nipples into her mouth. She struggled with her
desire as she tongued and sucked both nipples, then her breasts,
finally wetting her entire chest.
"Ohhh, Beauty, you sweet-tongued angel. Mmmmm, don't we play well
together?"

Agony's praises and encouragements continued as my wife worked below
her. The taste of her breasts was a mixture of vanilla and spice,
surprisingly pleasing as she covered every inch with her lapping
tongue. She caught brief whiffs of Agony's sex as the sweet, rich odor
rose to entice her. The delicious tastes and smells of Agony's excited
body softened her resistance a bit, as she relaxed and warmed with each
compliment.

She cradled my wife's face in her hands, tilting it up to look into her
blue eyes.
"I want to see you, Beauty. Show me all of you, please?"
Her voice was irresistible. My wife stood before her, slowly removing
the last vestiges of her scanty outfit. After presenting the items to
her master, she stood naked and shaking before her "playmate". She felt
the wetness between her legs spread to the insides of her thighs. Her
nipples burned as they continued to stiffen and pucker. She was
unexpectedly embarrassed, not at her blatant sexual display, but
because she was being teased and tempted by another woman.

"Would you like to see me too? Do you want me naked, Beauty?"
Again hesitating, she murmured, "Yes".
"We're friends now. You can call me Agony."
"Yes, Agony."
Slowly she peeled the tight pants over her wide hips and down Agony's
long black legs. As she knelt to remove the pants and shoes, the sweet
odor of her dripping vagina assaulted her senses. It attracted her,
made her mouth water, like the smell of freshly baked bread.

"Go ahead, you can taste me if you like."
As Agony spread her legs, my wife rested both hands on her hard, black
thighs and slowly ran her tongue along the juicy slit. It tasted
incredible - so sweet, so satisfying! It entered her system,
finding her pleasure centers, locking on to them and stimulating them
like an addictive drug. She licked her again, this time lingering at
the liquid center, drinking her juices. Her mouth covered Agony's cunt,
sucking loudly as the secretions stimulated her. Her tongue danced over
Agony's inner labia and clitoris, trying to produce more of the
succulent nectar.

Agony's hips began to rock as my wife tongued her. She talked to her as
she worked.
"Ohhh, yes, my Beauty. Lick me, my pet. Mmmmm, you're sooo good. That's
it. Oh yes, put it inside me. Now lick me again, my sweet. Drink as
much of me as you want, it's all for you, my Beauty. Ohhhh, ohhhh,
OHHHHH!"
Agony thrashed in orgasm as she bucked against my poor wife's face.
Falling onto her back from the lesbian's viscous thrusts, face soaked
with her juices, she watched her finish her orgasm. Her hard, black,
body twitched and jerked, then recovered, smiling down at my dazed
wife.
"Mmmmm, I like playing with you," she purred.
"Would you like to cum too, my Beauty?"
"Yes, Agony," answered my wife, this time without hesitation.

She went to the giant and returned to my wife holding a huge, black
phallus. It jiggled slightly as she held it by the base where several
leather straps were attached. "Do you recognize it?" she asked, as she
displayed its full length to my wife. "No, Agony. I'm not sure what you
mean," she replied.
"It's an exact replica of my darling Chris' penis. You probably
remember it, filling your hungry pussy with his cum until you were
swimming in a pool of his sperm. He is one of my favorites, but then
again, every child is special in his own way."

"Come, my Beauty, up on the sofa so I can pleasure you."
My wife crawled the short distance to the sofa. Lying on her back, she
curled one leg over the edge, cautiously opening herself to her
playmate. She watched Agony fasten the straps around her firm butt and
narrow waist, the giant black cock bobbing in front of her. Climbing
between my wife's open legs, she covered her with her large, well
muscled body. Supported on her hands, suspended above her, she slowly
licked my wife's neck and face. Her tongue teased her, penetrating her
open lips only to retreat, circle her mouth, then enter her again.
After several minutes of teasing, my wife's hands circled her neck,
drawing her close for a long, deep kiss. Agony held the tip of the
dildo at the entrance of my wife's gaping vagina, working it in small
circles over her labia and clitoris. The amazon licked her repeatedly,
from ears to nipples, collecting and examining the flavors of her
surrendering body.

Agony returned to her mouth again, probing deeply into her throat as
she inched the firm, black likeness of her own son inside. My wife let
a soft moan escape as it stretched her, remembering the ecstasy she
received at the end of Chris' throbbing organ. Agony lowered her body,
pinning my wife helplessly under her as she continued to drive the
black cock deeper. Suddenly, my wife moaned loudly as the supple dildo
entered her completely, probing her sensitive cervix. Agony began to
grind her mound into my helpless wife, each clitoris sliding over the
other as their orgasms approached. My wife's moans had turned to loud
cries.
"Oh...oh...please Agony, fuck me! Make me cum! Oh God, you feel so
good!"
"Yes...Yes, my Beauty. Soon...soon I'll make you cum. I want to taste
you, to drink your juices as you come in my mouth, as you did to me."

Quickly unstrapping the dildo, she moved down to taste her boiling
cunt. She worked the dildo against my wife's cervix as she eagerly
licked the straining lips and clitoris above it. Finally, after working
her tongue in several quick figure-eights directly on her engorged
clit, my wife exploded, screaming and kicking in a crashing orgasm.
Agony withdrew the phallus as she came, fastening her mouth over her
vacant hole, drinking and sucking secretions that flowed from her. My
wife continued to spasm uncontrollably, as Agony flashed a knowing
smile to the giant across the room. After several minutes, it appeared
that my wife would orgasm to exhaustion. Finally, Agony lowered herself
on top of her thrashing body, stroking her face and talking to her in
soft, quiet phrases.

"There, there, my pet. It's OK. Shhhh...Agony is here with you. Listen
to my voice, my Beauty. Shhhh...Shhhh...that's it. Relax and listen to
me, my sweet. Ahh yes, how beautiful you are when you cum. That's it.
Agony is here for you."

She stroked her body gently as she talked her down from what appeared
to be an unending orgasm. My wife breathed easier as the lesbian
continued to fondle her belly and breasts, now quietly whispering in
her ear. Then, pulling her close, my wife kissed her softly and
sensuously, collapsing back onto the sofa with a faraway smile of newly
found satisfaction.

Agony rose from the sofa and walked over to me, giving the giant a
smile and a wink as she strolled past him. She grinned as she looked
into my worried eyes, then dropped her gaze to my erect penis. The drug
still controlled me, my cock throbbing and jerking uncontrollably as a
small stream of pre-cum continued to flow down the underside of the
turgid shaft. Her stunning presence made it difficult to control the
maddening heat as my hips began to thrust forward slightly for relief.

Extending a long index finger, she slowly traced a line from my
scrotum, along the bottom of the shaft, to the sensitive head.
Lingering there, she circled the gaping eye, spreading the clear liquid
over the hard knob. The sensation was agonizing. Her touch was just
firm enough to tease, inflaming my lust as she tortured me.

She removed her finger, examining the sticky coating with a disgusted
look. Thrusting it in front of my face, she purred, "This is your
little mess. Why don't you clean Agony." The words washed over me like
a warm wave. It was soothing, irresistible. She pressed the wet tip of
her finger to my lips. I opened and accepted it, closing my mouth
around the long delicate digit as she slowly removed it. I swallowed
repeatedly, but the musky taste remained.

My wife stared at the floor, unable to stomach the degrading scene. She
flinched as he entered her mind.
"YOU WILL WATCH HIS HUMILIATION. IT WILL BECOME A PART OF YOU."
She forced herself to look back at us, now part of Agony's next little
game.

She continued to tease my jerking cock, feeding me the sticky residue
with each trace of her skilled fingers. I struggled, thrusting my
inflamed member back and forth, trying to touch anything that might
give me relief. Bringing me to the edge of orgasm a dozen times, she
skillfully prolonged my release. Her soft, sexy voice drove me wild as
she played with me.

"Mmmmm...that's it...lick your sticky cum from my fingers. Oooo,
doesn't that taste good? Agony loves feeding you like this. Want some
more? There, another mouthful for you. Goood...now clean me...that's
right. Oh, good boy! You've eaten every drop! Now, clean me again. Oh,
very good."
She smiled sweetly as she wiped the remaining traces of saliva and pre-
cum on my chest.

Her distended mound then began to swell. I saw the outer lips engorge
and separate releasing a flood of syrupy liquid down the hard insides
of her thighs. The intoxicating odor engulfed me, hot and sweet, from
between her legs. I inhaled deeply, unable to resist the delicious
aroma. She sensuously inserted a finger between her sopping labia,
withdrawing a glob of the honey she produced. As before, she brought it
to my lips, allowing me to suck every drop from the finger as it
explored my hungry mouth. Filling myself with it, I felt it entering my
brain, seeking out the connections that give pleasure, engulfing and
controlling them. I drew it into me repeatedly, the hunger for it
suddenly more urgent than my screaming sexual heat.

Agony knelt before me, carefully clasping my cock in both hands.
Sucking the head into her mouth, I felt her probing tongue at the
dripping entrance, the tip trying to work its way inside. To my horror,
I felt her tongue enter me and begin to travel up my urethra. Spinning
and twisting, the sensation was more than enough to put me over the
edge, as I felt the crushing orgasm begin. The intensity was
indescribable. It surrounded me, invaded me, separated me from reality,
as it unleashed an assault on every nerve in my body. Pure sensations
of pleasure at maximum intensity gripped me with unrelenting tenacity.
White-hot streams of pure lust and abandon ripped through my body as I
thrashed against the iron railing. I felt her impossibly long, snake-
like tongue continue to invade me, now squirming against bowel and
bladder, lashing at me from deep within my own belly.

The orgasm sustained its intensity, feeding on itself as I spasmed
helplessly. As she withdrew her tongue, I looked down to see the thin,
wet appendage disappear into the face of a hideous creature. Part
reptilian, part something indescribable, it glared at me through red,
slitted eyes. Jagged teeth lined its gaping, wet maw. Moving tendrils
of raw flesh crawled over its bulbous head as it snarled and hissed at
me. Its squat, deformed body jumped with excitement as it watched me
cum. Pleasure and terror stabbed at me in equal measures as I felt I
had descended into the depths of hell.

Glancing away from the horrific sight, I looked back to find Agony
again kneeling before me. Licking her full lips, she stood and smiled
sweetly, watching me continue to cum, avoiding the jet of semen
spraying from my thrusting cock. My wife and the giant soon joined her,
all three watching me with curious enjoyment.

The giant turned my wife to face him, then kissed her deeply, holding
her naked, waiting body against him. She responded at once, rubbing her
cunt against him shamelessly. Agony watched them, her mouth watering.
Grasping her tight, round ass, the monster lifted my wife into the air,
lowering her slowly onto his thick cock. She moaned as she held him,
her hungry tongue licking at his immense bare chest. He raised and
lowered her on his cock while she tongued him feverishly, allowing me
to watch him plunge in and out of her clutching vagina.

Agony went to her knees in front of them, licking the stretched crevice
between my wife's smooth, firm buttocks, then taking his dangling balls
into her mouth. Finally she returned to my wife, inserting her long
tongue into her ass, licking and probing. My wife orgasmed immediately,
triggering his release of boiling cum into her belly. It filled her
quickly, a new wave of thick, white goo gushing from her with each of
his firm strokes. Agony collected the cum in both hands, spreading it
over my wife's body from head to toe. Soon she was covered with a
slick, shiny coating of his sticky emissions.

She felt Agony's hard body press against her from behind, kneading and
stretching her ass cheeks. She panicked as she felt the slippery bulb
of the huge black phallus push against her anus. His eyes locked onto
hers, probing her with his will.
"YOU WILL OPEN YOURSELF TO HER. I WILL GUIDE YOU TO A PLACE OF NEW
JOY."

It entered her, straining and stretching the walls of her bowels. She
held his gaze, allowing him to relax her, to lead her to his
destination. The constant pressure continued to fill her, stimulating
the now relaxed opening as it slowly eased over the sensitive brown
ring. Agony embraced her from behind, hands gliding over her breasts
and belly, finally arriving at the damp valley where his thick root
entered her. As she stroked and rolled my wife's engorged clitoris, she
drove the rubbery shaft to its limit, pressing her black belly against
her quivering ass. My wife shrieked and moaned between them, consumed
with an orgasm unlike any she had experienced. They stretched her, then
crushed her between their strong bodies, totally filling her with
synchronized strokes. Suspended between them, she struggled to embrace
both demons, craving them equally. Agony and the monster exchanged
knowing smiles, each showing appreciation for the other's insidious
skills.

The three of them performed act after act of lust and perversion in
front of me while I hung against the railing, jerking and thrashing.
Finally exhausted, they collapsed in a heap of warm flesh while I
continued to thrust and spurt my cum onto the drenched carpet.

Just before I collapsed into unconsciousness, I saw my wife proudly
present the monster with the sixteen cum-filled condoms she had
collected for him, her payment for his generous gift to her.




                              - Part XI -

The alarm sounded and I opened my eyes to find myself on the bed in our
guestroom. My stomach sickened as I realized that he must still be in 
the house. How could I possibly endure more of his constant humiliation 
and torture?  How many days and nights would I be forced to watch my 
beautiful wife beg to be satisfied, performing act after act of 
unimaginable sexual perversions at his slightest whim? Was this ever 
going to end?

"Would you like some breakfast?" my wife asked from the open door. As 
she stretched, her white cotton shirt climbed up her body, revealing 
most of her freshly shaved genitals. Her lean, tan legs flexed to show 
every chiseled detail as she stood on her toes, hands raised overhead 
in a long, sensuous yawn.

"Is he here?" I asked, fearing the worst. "No, darling," she purred. 
Done with her yawn, she smiled at me invitingly. Her voice was soft and 
intoxicating, causing my cock to warm and swell. Running her tongue 
slowly over her parted lips, she began to unbutton the shirt. My pulse 
quickened as she worked the buttons through the small openings. The 
fourth button finally exposed the sharp curves of her full breasts, the 
fifth the flat plain of her firm belly. Stopping, she brought both 
hands to her breasts, lightly rubbing the nipples through the cloth 
until they hardened under her fingertips. Her left hand traveled slowly 
down her body, stopping on her inner thigh, stroking it with her palm. 
The other hand was now inside the half-opened shirt, cupping and 
squeezing her left breast as her eyes widened.

As I stood to go to her, she closed her eyes, releasing a low moan. The 
shirt slid off her shoulders as two black hands appeared from behind 
her, gracefully moving around her neck and down to the white mounds of 
her exposed breasts. Slithering like ebony snakes, they opened the 
remainder of the buttons and pulled the shirt from her shaking body. 
Agony's face appeared over her shoulder, giving me a cruel smile. Her 
tongue traced the contours of my wife's ear, whispering quiet phrases 
to her as she manipulated her breasts with skilled hands. A black hand 
trailed down the front of her body as she arched backward, forcing her 
swelling mound toward me. A long dark finger pressed against her outer 
labia, parting them, then entering the wet slit easily as the rich 
liquid coated, then lubricated it. Agony gently circled her neck with 
her other hand, tilting my wife's head back to whisper directly in her 
ear. This again arched her body backward, obscenely displaying her 
breasts, belly, and cunt, I supposed for my further humiliation. 
Agony's finger found her waiting clitoris, gliding up and down along 
the length of it while her exquisite voice offered irresistible 
suggestions that urged her toward her climax.

My wife began to whimper, then softly cried out, "Oh, Agony..." as her 
hips gyrated wildly. Her body flexed and twisted as she came, quiet 
moans coming after each of Agony's silent whispers. As she collapsed 
into the amazon's strong arms, Agony's icy stare paralyzed me. For 
several seconds her eyes glowed like hot embers, red and alien. 
Terrified, I quickly looked away. Then, fearful of what I might see, I 
glanced back at her, only to find the beautiful brown face smiling at 
me sweetly.

The passing week made me nervous and jumpy, never knowing what to 
expect from the two women. They acted like sisters much of the time, 
talking and laughing, sometimes touching each other affectionately. 
Often I would come home from work to hear the familiar sounds of their 
lovemaking from our bedroom. They allowed me to watch as my wife 
repeatedly drank the sweet elixir from Agony's flowing vagina. My wife 
would lie for hours, face down between her legs, licking and sucking 
her cunt as Agony watched with amusement or slept.

My wife continued to go out every evening, each night wearing a 
different dangerously revealing outfit. She returned with alarming 
amounts of cum, contained in the slimy condoms he had provided. Agony 
remained with me at night, disgusted with the sticky residue of 
creatures she had no use for. While my wife was out, she would tell me 
how they had satisfied each other that day. She described in intimate 
detail the beauty of each part of my wife's body, dwelling on sickening 
descriptions of her cunt and clit, and how they responded to her touch. 
Sometimes she would undress me, then play with my penis as she watched 
my erection grow. Then she would tell me how pathetic I was, allowing 
others to fuck my wife. She told me over and over how useless my 
shrinking cock was, how it disgusted my wife, and how it would never 
satisfy her again.

By the end of the week, I began to notice increasing changes in my 
wife's appearance. Once 5' 10" tall, she now looked me in the eye at my 
6' height. She had always been athletic, but now her limbs were 
thicker, the well-defined muscle groups flexing as she moved. Her 
breasts were larger and fuller, her ass harder and tighter. When 
excited, her clitoris extended from its hood, a three-inch finger of 
flesh that visibly pulsed and throbbed like a small penis. Everything 
about her once perfect body was becoming larger and a little more 
perfect.

One evening, my wife returned early with five condoms, bulging with cum 
from the men who used her insatiable body only hours before. Agony sat 
with us in our living room, talking sweetly to my wife.
"Did you enjoy yourself this evening, my pet?"
"Yes, Agony."
My wife looked at the floor, not wanting this to go further in front of 
me.
"Oh...don't be shy, my Beauty. He knows you've milked the sperm from 
countless men by now. You enjoy playing with their cocks, filling 
condom after condom with their hot cum for you master, don't you? Tell 
him, Beauty."
Looking up at me, eyes half apology, half confession, she replied, 
"Yes, Agony, I do." 
"Now, my sweet, give this to him. It might make him feel better."

My wife walked to her and retrieved the small capsule. Returning to my 
chair, she offered the drug to me. As I opened my mouth, she pulled 
back.
"No, not there. Please take off your clothes. She wants you naked."
As I removed each piece of clothing, she carried it to Agony, who 
tossed it on a pile where she sat. My wife circled behind me, pushing 
gently on my back to bend me at the waist. I felt her delicate finger 
guide the capsule into my anus as Agony looked on with a sinister grin.

I felt the drug work almost immediately, the warm fullness spreading 
through my abdomen to my swelling cock. Within seconds I was standing 
in the middle of the room, naked, with a rock-hard erection jutting 
from my crotch. It twitched and leaked clear liquid from the opening as 
they watched together from the sofa. 

Agony slowly opened the long zipper down the front of my wife's skin-
tight, red dress she had worn that night. Carefully pulling back both 
sides, she exposed the full length of my wife's devastating new body.
Agony watched my reaction as she stroked my wife's breasts, belly and 
thighs with her long, black fingers. My wife closed her eyes and 
inhaled sharply as she played with her. "How do you like her new look?" 
she asked. I couldn't answer; the rage, lust, and humiliation were 
building together inside me.
"I've been nursing her, preparing her for a sacred event. The nectar I 
allow her to suck from me is changing her body, making her stronger, 
more perfect in every way. So, I repeat, do you like the changes I've 
made?"

I lunged toward her, reaching out to grab her silky throat. I wanted to 
kill her, to break her neck, to rid our lives of this hideous, unending 
torture. I wanted to be free! I wanted my wife back!

Her glowing red eyes met mine just as I reached her. My body froze, 
convulsing as I tried to keep my balance. Pain enveloped me, blinding, 
searing pain that circulated through every cell and nerve. My head 
exploded with her terrifying warning.
"DO NOT ANGER ME! I WILL SUCK THE JELLY FROM YOUR BONES!"
Staggering back to the center of the room, I felt her release me. 
Smiling at me with her elegant face, she repeated her question.
"Do you like the way I've changed this body?"
Panting and beaten, I gave her the answer.
"Yes, Agony, I like her new body."

Her voice suddenly took on a menacing tone.
"How pathetic you are, your jerking little cock unable to find a hole! 
Look at him, Beauty, isn't he a disgusting sight?"
"Yes, Agony."
"This woman will fuck anything but you. She will put any object in this 
world in her steamy little pussy except your puny piece of meat! Now, 
come over here, we want to amuse ourselves."

My body shaking, my mind numb, I went to stand before them. My 
throbbing penis seemed to be the only part of me unaffected by the 
damage she had inflicted. Agony grasped my organ at the base, teasing 
and rubbing the bursting head with her free hand. I came almost 
immediately, spewing a stream of cum into my wife's waiting hands. She 
cupped them in front of my cock, collecting the semen as it gushed from 
me.

When I finished, Agony looked at my wife, directing her with her 
soothing voice.
"Feed him, my pet."
My wife scooped globs of the sticky fluid onto her finger and placed it 
in my gasping mouth. I choked and gagged as she continued to feed me 
until every drop was gone. Agony's red eyes glowed brightly at me, a 
warning to cooperate or face more of the excruciating punishment.

Afterwards, I watched as they stripped each other, then licked and 
sucked each other to moaning, screaming orgasms. My wife remained 
between Agony's legs, sucking her juices like a nursing child. Agony 
stared at my helpless form with a satisfied smile, softly stroking my 
wife with her soothing words.
"Ahh, so sweet, so luscious. Drink from me, my Beauty. Agony is here. 
Are you mine, my love?"
The only response was a muffled moan from between her strong, black 
thighs.




                              - Part XII -


The week passed slowly. My days were preoccupied with what the hungry
amazon was doing to my willing wife. My nights were spent with Agony,
suffering her torture and humiliation while my wife roamed the city,
feverishly milking cum from strange men.

I arrived home late Friday evening, apprehensive about the upcoming 
weekend. As I approached the bathroom, I heard Agony's seductive voice.
They were in the shower together, the door left open so I could watch.
Agony soaped my wife's breasts and belly, her hands gliding over the
wet slippery skin. My wife's nipples were swollen and hard, her
breathing heavy as her abdomen sucked in and out. Agony's hand found
its way to the widening cleft between her legs, her middle finger
entering her easily. My wife's mouth immediately opened to her,
their tongues wrestling, exploring each other as they kissed. They
clung to each other, their wet, slick bodies joined as one, oblivious
to the steamy shower that pelted their faces and closed eyes.

Agony continued to wash her, then toweled her wet body, stopping
repeatedly for probing kisses as she dried her silky, dark hair. My
wife's body had become more like hers every day. Her calves and thighs
bulged with thick ropes of muscle. Her long, v-shaped torso proudly
displayed her incredible jutting breasts, enlarged by the nectar she
drank from between Agony's legs. Discarding the towel, they held each
other, breast to breast, black skin against white, the two perfect
bodies forming a breathtakingly erotic living sculpture.

I returned to the living room for a double scotch. I had seen what
Agony had wanted me to see. Revulsion and guilt tortured me as I
replayed the erotic scene in my mind, sickened and confused by my
arousal. The demons had carved my mind in two; one piece repulsed by my
wife's betrayal and insatiable lust for anyone but me, the other 
somehow excited by her bold sensuality and formidable body. This 
internal conflict compounded the torture of the events surrounding me,
as I felt my mental faculties slipping away.

They soon entered the room, dressed in long, black, hooded robes that
fastened at the neck. The robes opened in the front as they walked, 
revealing their hard, naked bodies underneath. Agony tossed a robe at
me.

"Strip and put this on. We're taking you along tonight."
I began to undress, dreading the night ahead.
"Come on, we don't have all night!"
Her red, glowing eyes watched me as I hurriedly removed the rest of my 
clothes and secured the heavy black robe around me.

"Now fill this with Beauty's cum collection."
I took the black velvet bag to the bedroom and filled it with the 
twenty-five condoms, bulging with cum.
Turning to my wife, she purred, "Here, my Beauty. Enjoy my little 
gifts, my pet." She opened her hand, offering my wife the small mound 
of familiar capsules. Surprised by the handful of drugs, she responded,
"But Agony, you don't have to. I'll do anything for you. I'm wet at the
thought of your touch. I'm yours, and his, completely."
"Take them, Beauty. You will thank me later tonight."
She gulped the pills, one at a time, eager to please.

They led me to the garage where the familiar black limousine waited. He 
was inside, of course, his huge presence half-filling the long leather 
seat. I sat opposite him, as my wife took her place between Agony and 
the monster. He immediately took her glowing face in his large hands 
and placed his mouth over hers. Moaning softly, she gently stroked his 
erection through the huge black robe. The drugs began to work as she 
opened her robe to him, exposing her swelling cunt. She collapsed back 
onto the leather seat, breathing heavily as he toyed with her waiting 
body through the front of her open robe. "Have you missed me, my wife?" 
he asked.
"Oh, yes, my husband. I need you so badly. I want you inside me,   
please!"
"In time, my dear. Did you bring me a gift?"
I handed him the velvet bag. Taking it, he grinned at me, remarking to 
my wife, "Good, you've made him keeper of your cum!" "Yes, my husband," 
she answered.
"How much cum did you bring me?" he asked, looking at me.
"Twenty five condoms," I answered hesitantly.
"Ahh! And were they all from different men, my dear?"
"Yes, my husband."
"How does it make you feel, knowing this sweet young body drained the 
cum from twenty five total strangers this week?"
His abuse sickened and scared me in equal amounts. I couldn't answer.
He glared at me as Agony reached under my robe and found my scrotum, 
squeezing it with her strong black fingers. The pain was immediate and 
intense, causing me to scream as she rolled and twisted my balls.
"Does it excite you to think of her sucking and fucking twenty five 
strange men in one week, just to bring their cum back to me?"
"Aaahh!   Yes!   OK!   Yes, it excites me!   Please stop! PLEASE!"
Agony released me while she and the monster chuckled at my response. My
wife looked on, dazed, continuing to grope for his cock under the robe.

Agony sat with her robe open, smiling at me. She lowered her right hand
to her moist slit, inserting a long index finger inside, rubbing 
herself. The sweet odor began to fill the car, as she brought a glob of
the thick, sticky nectar to my wife's lips. My wife licked and sucked 
her finger as she teased her with the small sample.
"You've made Agony very excited, my dear. Why don't you lick her until
she comes for us."
Eager to ingest more of Agony's intoxicating juices, she went to her
knees, burying her face in the amazon's secretions. She lapped her
flowing vagina for the remainder of the ride as Agony's sweet voice
urged her on, moaning and stroking my wife's silky hair every time her
practiced tongue brought Agony to another crashing orgasm.

Finally the car came to a slow stop. Agony opened the door, ushering
all of us into the darkness. The car circled us and headed off into the
night, leaving us alone in the quiet stillness. The brightness of the
sudden flame made us squint as Agony lit the torch brought for our
journey. She led us through a small clearing in the dense woods. We
followed her light along a narrow path winding through the darkness,
our footsteps the only sound in the eerie silence around us. We walked
for what seemed like hours. The cold night air chilled our nude
bodies when the heavy robes opened as we paraded along the path in 
single file. Eventually, the trees and brush closed in on us, making 
the walk more difficult. I began to shiver from the cold. I tried in 
vain to hold the robe closed while ducking under tree limbs and pushing 
the dense brush aside. Tired and cold, we trudged on through the 
blackness, heading for a destination that would only bring more pain 
and humiliation to my exhausted body.

The narrowing path finally emptied into a large clearing. Ahead was a 
stone building, half embedded in the steep hill at the far edge of the 
rocky meadow. As we came closer, I could see that it was an ancient 
church of some unknown denomination. The blue glow from the full moon 
overhead played tricks with its appearance. The large arched door and 
dark windows on either side gave the structure the appearance of a 
grotesque face, its dark eyes warning all who entered.

The heavy wooden door creaked as the monster pushed it open. The rumble 
of distant thunder and a sudden cold wind announced our arrival as the 
entrance swallowed us. The interior was surprisingly immense, the 
greater part having been carved out of the earth behind the ancient 
facade. Row after row of simple stone benches were arranged in semi-
circles about the ornate wooden altar at the far end of the room. Over 
head, giant wooden arches followed the contour of the vast dome that 
stretched into the darkness, fifty feet above us.

A sudden flash of lightening illuminated the wall beyond the altar, 
revealing a huge likeness of the monster that walked ahead of us. The 
thirty-foot painting displayed him in all his majesty. Naked, with arms 
outstretched, the cruel face looked down on us with glowing red eyes. 
For an instant, as the lightening flickered, I saw the face change to 
that of the hideous demon that Agony had allowed me to witness as she 
tortured me. The eyes of the terrifying image seemed to follow us as we 
climbed the stone steps to the altar.

Crossing the expanse of the wide pulpit, we descended a second set of 
steps behind the altar, not visible from the main chamber. Directly 
below the figure's parted legs was an open archway which we then 
entered. Looking up at the monstrous painting, I noticed the immense 
erection that jutted obscenely in front of his towering form. To either 
side of the arch were lifelike images of his adoring slaves, the sleek, 
naked bodies reaching up to him with insatiable lust.

Agony led us down the wide tunnel, her dying torch creating flickering 
shadows on the ancient stone walls. As we continued down the sloping 
corridor, we passed many smaller tunnels branching off at random 
intervals. I guessed we were now underground, entering a complex maze 
of catacombs. She led us into one of the smaller tunnels to the right, 
then proceeded to weave her way through a series of left and right 
turns.

As we made our way under the damp, low canopy, the torch finally died, 
leaving us in darkness. We pushed on, feeling our way along the cold, 
mossy walls of the tunnel. Ahead in the distance, a faint glow guided 
us toward our destination. Arriving at the lighted opening of the 
passageway, Agony turned to the left and disappeared, followed by my 
panting wife. As I stepped through the small opening, vertigo welded my 
feet in place. I was standing on a four by four-foot platform 
overlooking a mammoth circular shaft, a hundred feet wide and at least 
twice as deep. To my left, a narrow stairway began its spiral down the 
side of the pit. The monster appeared behind me, turning me and pushing 
me onto the first step. I clung to the smooth stone wall as I slowly 
followed the others, too terrified to glance over the edge into the 
depths below.

After several minutes I cautiously peered over the edge to the floor, 
still thirty feet below us. Burning torches surrounded the scene, 
attached to the walls at regular intervals. Many small, arched, 
doorways dotted the perimeter of the room. Hundreds of lighted candles 
covered the floor except for a few paths where thirty or forty hooded 
figures paced and chanted quietly. In the center of the pit was a 
raised, circular stage, ten feet in diameter. Resting on the stage was 
an ornate couch. The thickly pleated, bright red padding sat atop a 
frame of gold, made of a complex pattern of twisted bodies and strange 
symbols. The brilliant red and gold created a striking contrast to the 
bare stone walls and floor, glistening in the flickering candlelight.

I felt his massive hand grab me when we reached another small platform, 
still ten feet from the floor of the room. Shoving me back against the 
cold stone, he fastened my hands above me, using the leather straps 
tied to a heavy iron ring embedded in the wall. Agony and my wife 
continued down to the bottom of the chamber. The robed figures parted 
reverently as they passed, watching them disappear into one of the 
darkened portals on the far wall.

I gasped as the monster reached for my throat. He grasped the collar of 
my robe and tore it open, pulling the heavy garment from my shaking 
body. He ran his gaze over me as I hung, naked and terrified before his 
massive frame. Curling his lips in disgust, his red, glowing eyes met 
mine as his words exploded in my head.
"THE HORROR YOU WILL WITNESS WILL BE UNLIKE ANYTHING YOU COULD IMAGINE. 
BE SILENT, OR I WILL CRUSH YOUR FEEBLE BODY ONE BONE AT A TIME."
I was shaken and sickened by his invasion. He glared at me one more 
time, then proceeded down the stairs, entering a nearby opening in the 
curved wall.

Time passed slowly as I tried not to think about the obscenities I 
would soon be forced to watch. The hooded figures below me continued to 
circle and chant. Finally one of the faceless creatures began to 
extinguish the torches, one by one, as he circled the chamber. Soon the 
mass of candles provided the only light in the deep pit.

The chanting grew suddenly louder as I watched Agony lead my wife to 
the shining couch at the center of the room. She walked behind 
Agony's robed outline, breathing heavily, eyes showing the desperate 
heat she had endured for hours. She was naked, her body shining in the 
warm candlelight. Her skin was slick with oil, showing every sharp 
detail of her newly developed physique. Her hair was tied back in a 
short ponytail and oiled heavily, emphasizing the delicate lines of her 
classic face. Her firm breasts and hard nipples jutted forward, seeming 
to defy gravity as the bounced only slightly as she walked. The open 
gash between her legs was a pool of liquid, reflecting the candlelight 
onto her thick, twitching clitoris that moved in time with her 
quickened pulse.

As my wife reclined on the deeply padded couch, Agony trailed her long, 
black fingers over her breasts and belly. She flexed her sculptured 
legs and stretched sensuously, grateful for the amazon's attention. Her 
legs parted and I saw her buttocks clench as her hips slowly rose and 
fell, tying to find relief from the drugs' maddening heat. Agony looked 
down at her, smiling proudly, then stood aside as the monster appeared 
beside her.

Leaning over her, he covered her open mouth with his. Stroking her face 
and neck, he probed her with his thick tongue, feeling her respond as 
she sucked it greedily. He then stood and went to the foot of the 
couch, kneeling between her open legs. Lowering his face to her flowing 
cunt, he took the three inches of pulsing clitoris into his mouth, 
closing his firm lips around the base. Slowly, he pulled back, milking 
it until the sensitive end felt his tongue's final lick as it left his 
mouth. She moaned openly, her head rolling from side to side, enveloped 
in the incredible pleasure she received from him. He licked her 
forcefully just above her swollen mound, wetting her entire lower 
abdomen. Then, with one long continuous motion, he moved his warm, wet 
tongue up over her belly, between her mountainous breasts, to her neck 
and face, again invading her mouth as she ran her hands over his broad 
back.

Retreating to the end of the couch, he stood over her, his eyes asking 
the question he knew she wanted to hear. "Please fuck me," she begged. 
"Fill me with your cum, my husband. I want your giant cock inside me. 
Please, please, fuck me!"
Removing his robe, he again climbed between her legs, his huge erection 
on display for her. She moaned again, grasping it with both hands, 
pulling it to her waiting hole. His fantastic body towered over her as 
he slowly filled her with his thickly veined shaft. She looked up at 
him, smiling, encouraging him to put every inch inside her.

Just as the bulbous head of his penis nudged and prodded her cervix, 
Agony straddled her face, holding her dripping vagina over my wife's 
waiting mouth. Thick globs of Agony's honey-like secretions fell onto 
her face, finally finding her open mouth as she tried to catch every 
drop. Agony carefully lowered herself onto her lapping tongue, smiling 
at the monster with satisfaction. My wife writhed and moaned under them 
as she was impaled by his surging cock, feeding hungrily on the 
intoxicating nectar from between Agony's legs.

Agony and the monster embraced over her, their mouths locked in a 
brutal kiss. Suddenly their forms lost focus, then returned as two 
hideous demons. They snarled and hissed at each other as their long, 
snakelike tongues extended toward each other, flicking and exploring 
their squat, deformed bodies. Vile smelling liquids oozed from open 
crevices in their heavily wrinkled skin. Writhing, worm-like masses 
moved under the covering of their huge, menacing skulls, their red, 
glowing eyes shining in the dim light. I couldn't tell if my wife was 
too far gone to notice, or whether she didn't see the same grisly 
apparitions, but she continued to thrash and moan under them as they 
used her.

The chanting became unbearable as they lashed at each other over my 
helpless wife's hungry body. My head ached and my naked body shook 
violently from the penetrating cold. As I looked into the crowd of 
robed figures, I noticed two red glowing eyes deep within every hood. 
The room was filled with these creatures! Their chants turned to 
guttural, animal-like sounds as they became restless, crowding the 
stage where my wife was being ravished by the savage demons.

Paralyzed by the scene below, I failed to notice the two creatures now 
sharing my small landing. Too terrified to move, I watched them arrive 
at my side, their glowing eyes fixed on me. As if on cue, four long, 
bony hands reached for me. I cried out as one of the creatures pulled 
and twisted my genitals, trying to insert a clawed finger into the end 
of my penis. The other explored my anus with the full eight inches of 
its longest finger while extending several fingers of its other hand 
into my throat as I tried to scream. They probed and violated me, 
pinning me to the cold stone wall where I was tied. Then, they stopped 
as suddenly as they had started, heading back down the narrow steps.

I heard the room grow quiet. Agony and the monster now stood beside the 
ornate couch, returned to their human forms. My wife's moaning was the 
only sound in the vast chamber as the massive dose of drugs continued 
to increase in her beautiful, desperate body. 

A large tray was carried to the front of the stage by one of the hooded 
demons. A tall, glass goblet filled with thick, white liquid rose from 
the center of the tray. Beside it was a pile of empty condoms, the 
contents now emptied into the glittering goblet. Agony retrieved 
another object from the tray and returned to the foot of the couch, 
where she waited patiently. It appeared to be a large, ivory phallus, 
three inches wide and a foot long. The hollow shaft was intricately 
carved with decorative symbols and designs. The huge head narrowed to a 
small tube, projecting two inches beyond the end of the evil looking 
instrument.

Two of the hooded creatures appeared on the stage, taking positions to 
either side of my delirious wife. Each of them grasped one of her 
ankles and raised her legs up, then back over her shaking body, holding 
her firmly in the awkward position. As they pulled her legs back and 
apart, now in the air over her shoulders, her engorged, sopping 
genitals were obscenely exposed for all to witness. A quiet murmur of 
appreciation passed through the crowd as they watched her cunt throb, 
spilling a trickle of liquid down the crack of her ass to the red 
velvet under her.

Agony stood between her legs and began to insert the ivory dildo into 
the swollen, slippery opening. She continued slowly until only a few 
inches remained exposed. She stroked her clitoris lightly as she began 
to rotate the shaft inside her. As she gently pushed and turned, she 
finally felt the narrow tube at the far end slip through the opening in 
her cervix and enter her womb. She continued to apply pressure until 
two more inches of the cold, hard device disappeared inside her.

Agony then lifted the goblet from the tray and delivered it the 
monster. He held the container over his head, looking over the chanting 
crowd. His massive body towered over them as he joined the chanting. He 
then lowered the goblet and took his place before my wife's exposed 
cunt. Kneeling on the edge of the couch, he slowly poured the contents 
of the glass into the hollow phallus. The thick, sticky liquid filled 
nearly half the phallus, then slowly drained through the small tube, 
filling her uterus. Agony removed the ivory shaft and the two demons 
returned my wife's legs to the soft couch.

Leaning over her, he placed one hand on her belly, the other on her 
stiff clitoris. He milked and rolled the throbbing finger of flesh as 
his other hand gently circled her abdomen. She moaned and thrashed, 
begging him to satisfy her, to fill her with his giant cock. She began 
to orgasm, screaming loudly from an intensity she had never known. He 
pressed with his huge hand, holding her down as his eyes exploded with 
a brilliant red glow.

The semen inside her began to surge and expand, lashing painfully at 
the walls of her womb. The genetic code in the long dead sperm was 
ripped apart, then reassembled into millions of relentless predators, 
quickly crossing the short distance to her newly released egg. The 
helpless cell was soon bathed in a sea of the alien foe. Fertilized 
instantly by hundreds of the attackers, it began to grow at an alarming 
rate.

His hand remained on her belly as she recovered from the exhausting 
orgasm, her limp body covered with sweat. Slowly her stomach began to 
swell under his hand. Small, sharp lumps appeared, then vanished, as 
her abdomen grew larger by the minute. She looked down between her 
large, hard breasts in horror as she felt the new life moving within 
her.

She began to panic as the skin over her stomach was stretched to its 
limit. She now appeared to be at full term, her bloated midsection 
spasming as the terrible contractions hit her. Her long, horrible 
screams echoed through the chamber as the anxious creatures pushed 
closer to the center of the room. Agony lowered her mouth to my wife's 
ear, whispering softly in her addictively soothing voice. After she 
calmed her, I saw their mouths meet, sucking lasciviously at each other 
as the intense contractions continued.

A sharp jet of blood erupted from between my wife's legs, followed by a 
river of red flowing onto the couch beneath her. With each new 
contraction, globs of thick, greenish-yellow liquid rolled from her 
widening vagina. Her abdomen bulged and spasmed, its contents trying to 
escape. Her sudden piercing scream filled the pit as it pushed aside 
her large, swollen labia and burst from her body.

The monster lifted it from the pool of blood and slime, cradling it in 
his arms as he presented it to the audience. My wife lay in shock, her 
exhausted body quivering, her eyes staring wildly into the darkness 
above her. The thing he held more closely resembled a large slug than a 
child. It wiggled slightly as he caressed it, making strange clicking 
sounds from the ragged opening at one end. Rows of needle-like teeth 
ringed the opening, the two tiny eyes glowing like hot embers.

He held the writhing thing in his outstretched arms as he spoke.
"A new life is born to our sacred family. Welcome him, and celebrate 
this birth."
Applause and cheers rose from the assembly of demons below him. Several 
robed figures took the newborn monstrosity from him and disappeared 
into one of the passageways at the edge of the chamber. Agony helped my 
wife to her feet, half-carrying her off the stage and into the same 
dark tunnel.

The celebration began as ten young girls were led into the room from 
one of the dark openings in the far wall. They appeared to range in age 
from fifteen to twenty years old, all naked, all under the influence of 
his powerful drugs. Fear and confusion was in their eyes, despite their 
hardened nipples and swollen, wet genitals. They were led through the 
crowd, given at random to small groups of the demons as they snarled 
excitedly. I watched, horrified, as the helpless girls were molested 
and tortured by the sadistic creatures. A few had been dragged to the 
stage where they were brutally raped and sodomized by a waiting line of 
demons. The young women's cries and screams filled the large pit as the 
creatures' frenzy escalated.

The girls' screams grew more horrible as the stone floor began to turn 
a deep red. As I looked closer, I realized that the floor was pooled 
with the fresh blood. The sexual brutality was not enough for the 
agitated creatures. They released their fury by slashing and tearing at 
their helpless victims with powerful limbs and sharp claws. Directly 
below me, three demons ripped open the flat belly of a screaming 
teenage girl, tearing the bloody tangle of organs from her now lifeless 
body. 

The rampage lasted for hours. Wild growls and hisses gradually replaced 
the terrified cries as the young girls were slaughtered. Blood and body 
parts filled the hideous arena below me. My teeth chattered from the 
bone-chilling cold in the vast, stone chamber.

Suddenly he appeared before me, his huge body covered with blood and 
fragments of human flesh. He grinned at me as I struggled to remain 
standing, overwhelmed by terror and the brutal cold. He entered my 
mind, this time not with words, but with pure sensation. My head 
exploded with pure terror, revulsion, and humiliation. He probed again, 
deeper and more violently. My legs collapsed under me and I cried out 
as the second blow stabbed at my brain.

Two sets of glowing eyes appeared beside him. "Take him!" he ordered. I 
began to lose consciousness as blinding fear and panic overwhelmed me. 
I felt their sharp claws explore my shaking, naked body as I escaped 
into a black sleep.




                             - Part XIII -


I slowly regained consciousness, first sensing the jostling movement, 
then the encroaching damp and chilling cold. I was being dragged along 
a dark, narrow passageway by two of the creatures. I looked down at my 
shaking body to find it smeared with drying blood and small fragments 
of flesh from the chamber floor. Horrifying groans and screams 
assaulted me as I was carried past the black mouths of endless 
branching tunnels.

With each turn, the tunnel grew narrower. We continued until the 
three-foot passage ended at a small metal door. Unbolting it, they 
heaved me inside and closed it with a loud clang. I looked up from the 
cold, stone floor to find myself in a twelve by twelve-foot cell. The 
wall ahead of me was made of vertical and horizontal iron bars, 
allowing a view into the large room beyond. In one corner of my cell, a
constant stream of water fell from an opening in the high ceiling to a
small hole in the stone floor. Weak and dehydrated, I drank from the
small waterfall, finding it cold and refreshing. It splashed over my
body, washing the blood and bits of flesh into the opening below.

Now clean and no longer thirsty, I shivered from the chill of the cold 
water. Feeling some warmth entering from the adjoining room, I walked 
to the closely spaced bars and looked through them into the huge 
chamber. The room was as luxurious as mine was barren. Large tapestries 
covered the walls depicting savage acts of sexual brutality, reminding 
me of the scene I had witnessed only hours ago. Thick scarlet 
carpets stretched as far as I could see. The furnishings were mostly 
gold with black leather trim or padding. The huge bed, thirty feet 
away, was illuminated by flickering candles perched atop immense stone 
candelabra rising from the floor near each side of the thickly padded 
mattress. I reclined on the hard floor against the bars, allowing the 
warmth to wash over me. Gazing longingly at the soft, warm carpet, 
inches from my tired eyes, I soon drifted into a much-needed sleep.

I opened my eyes after hours of restful sleep, hearing noises from the 
glowing room beyond my prison. I stood and looked through the rusty 
bars. As I watched from my position at the foot of the bed, I saw the 
slim, arching back of my beautiful wife as she rode the powerful hips
of her master. Her black hair fell over her face as she sweated and
panted over him. The flared fullness of her round, firm buttocks rose
slowly, exposing inch after inch of his hard pulsing shaft as it left
her. The swollen, inner labia were stretched around his cock, spreading
obscenely as she pulled the sensitive tissue over the length of his
hard meat. Keeping the throbbing head inside her, she began to take him
back inside her, slowly lowering herself, filling her wet cunt with his
entire length. She milked him slowly, again and again, the heavy
muscles of her ass clenched as the tightened walls of her vagina sucked
at the head of his cock. 

Soon she released his cock and turned to face me, lowering her wet 
crotch over his waiting mouth. His large hands circled her waist, 
pulling her pussy down to his thick tongue. She looked directly at me 
through the bars as he licked her. Her eyes closed slowly as the first 
long moan escaped her. The light of the many candles cast a warm glow 
on her face and breasts as she allowed his tongue to enter her. Eyes 
closed and lips parted, she continued to moan as she enjoyed his 
skilled probing.

Reaching below her, she raised his erect, wet penis from his belly and 
lowered her mouth to the seeping head. Greedily sucking it into her 
mouth, she allowed the length of it into her throat. Then, withdrawing 
it, she sucked and licked the purple head as it flowed with his juices. 
I watched in amazement as she continued to take the entire ten-inch 
organ into her throat, sometimes working her head from side to side as 
her chin lay buried in his coarse pubic hair. Moaning louder as he 
mouthed her drenched cunt, she took one of his pulsing testicles into 
her mouth. She rolled and washed it with her tongue as she ran her 
fingers over the slimy head of his bursting cock. Repeatedly sucking 
each of his large balls into her mouth, she continued to circle the 
head of his penis with her wet, slippery fingers, probing its gaping 
eye as she moved over it. Her soft, black hair fell onto his thighs and 
genitals as she worked, adding wisps of fleeting sensation to the 
wealth of pleasures she provided him.

Finally, he reached for her, turning her around to face him. She 
skillfully impaled herself on his cock, sinking to the base with one 
quick thrust. Taking her by the hair, he pulled her mouth to his, 
invading her again with his probing tongue. They clutched at each other 
as he filled her again and again with his rigid cock. Her hands ran 
over his face and chest, finally finding his muscular ass. Her fingers 
dug into him as she tried to fill her cunt with as much of him as
possible.

Their bodies tensed and froze for an instant, then moved faster as my 
wife let out a sharp cry. The milky froth of his cum spilled out of her 
with each thrust as they orgasmed together, writhing and moaning as a 
single mass of heated flesh. Their climax lasted for several minutes, 
as though each tried to extract every last bit of pleasure from the 
other's perfectly developed body.

She finally collapsed on top of him as they both took time to catch 
their breath. Out of the ensuing stillness I heard her soft, sexy voice 
as she lay wet and naked against his still-erect penis.
"My love,...my husband,...fuck me again."

The sounds of their lovemaking continued endlessly over the next few 
days. I was sickened as I heard my wife beg him for an unimaginable 
variety of sexual acts she would have never have dreamed of performing 
with me. The pain was nearly unbearable as I listened to her tease and 
encourage him, then moan and scream as he used her beautiful body, 
igniting new desires with every stroke and caress.

Three times a day a large portion of an oatmeal-like substance was 
pushed through a narrow opening at the bottom of the rusty door at the 
back of my cell. It tasted better than it looked, the sweet, spicy 
flavor having only a hint of a foreign, metallic bitterness. I began to 
look forward to the offerings, feeling my strength and energy return as 
the days passed. At night I slept against the heavy bars between my 
cell and his quarters, warming my naked body with the heat that drifted
through the wall of woven iron.

After two days of my new diet, I noticed my testicles had become 
slightly swollen and tender. In another two days, my penis and 
testicles had grown to twice their normal size. Each time I woke from 
my deep sleep, I was shocked by the continued growth of my genitals. My 
scrotum was now the size of a grapefruit, so large that I had to hold 
it up in front of me as I walked, or have my balls crushed between my 
legs as my thighs met. My penis was now twelve inches long in its 
flaccid state, flopping against my legs as I walked.

Several more days had passed when I heard the bolt open and the metal 
door creak on its rusty hinges. My wife entered, breathtakingly 
beautiful in a heavily embroidered white robe. It concealed all of her, 
except for her upturned breasts that jutted from strategic openings in 
the front of the magnificent gown. Her dark, hardened nipples revealed 
her constant state of arousal as she approached me with the small 
leather harness.

"Please let me put you into this," she said quietly. "I promise they 
won't harm you." She knelt in front of me, quickly attaching the straps 
around my scrotum and penis. Taking the end of the four-foot leash, she 
led me through the small door and along a maze of twisting, damp 
tunnels.

We finally arrived at another rusty door at the end of a long 
passageway. She knocked twice and the door opened from inside, 
revealing Agony's tall, muscular form. As we stepped inside, I squinted 
from the bright light. The room was completely white and featureless, 
the smooth walls and tile floor gleaming from the brilliant light 
overhead. Near the center of the room stood a padded table surrounded 
by stainless steel machines and instruments, resembling a modern 
hospital's operating room. Agony took my leash and tugged firmly, 
leading me to the table.

As my wife closed and locked the only exit, Agony removed my harness.
"Lie down, please. This won't hurt a bit," she purred. I climbed onto 
the thick padding, lying facedown on the table. Agony and my wife
fastened wide straps over my arms and legs, securing me tightly against
the surface. My mind raced in terror as I tried to imagine what
torture they had devised.

A large opening in the table allowed my genitals to hang freely through 
the soft padding. I heard a soft whirring as the platform began to rise 
several feet, stopping at Agony's broad shoulders. She worked under me, 
attaching a series of thin wires from one of the machines to my 
enlarged scrotum, while my wife slowly eased a long, slender probe into 
my anus. I felt the sting of the flexible catheter as Agony inserted it 
through the opening and guided it deep into my pendulous cock.

Retreating to the controls, they chatted quietly as the equipment came 
to life. A surge of sensation hit me as I felt the sharp stimulation of 
the probe deep within my bowel. My balls began to pulse and throb as I 
felt my erection spring to full tumescence. Building in an instant, the 
orgasm hit me with a crushing force. My body shook and spasmed, 
rattling the heavy table with my thrashing. I moaned uncontrollably as 
the intense waves of pleasure washed over me. Another quiet humming 
began as I felt the cum being sucked from me as I ejaculated. The 
induced orgasm continued, the machine sucking harder inside me, 
draining me of every last drop of semen. 

As I convulsed under the machine's merciless grip, I watched my wife 
and the heavily muscled amazon embrace, their tongues meeting and 
twisting in the space between them until their mouths met. My wife 
explored Agony's hard buttocks and strong back as the black giant 
stroked and rolled her exposed breasts and nipples. Agony's large thigh 
slipped between my wife's legs, their bellies rubbing and grinding as 
they clung to each other. I closed my eyes, shutting out the bright 
lights and my wife's uncontrollable attraction for the disguised demon.

When the instruments could no longer suck more cum from my shaking 
body, they shut them off and released me from the table. My wife 
reattached the harness while Agony eyed my enlarged genitals 
approvingly.
"Oh, what an incredible set of balls you've grown! They're just what
we need to harvest large amounts of sperm to spawn more of our 
kind. It's too bad you'll never get to use that huge, ugly cock. Isn't 
it disgusting, my Beauty?"
"Yes, Agony," answered my wife, staring at my snake-like dick as it 
hung limply over my bulging scrotum. My wife remained silent as she led 
me back to my cell, locking me inside.

Over the next week I was taken to the room daily to be milked. My wife 
began to stare at my growing penis more frequently as it grew larger 
and larger, always returning me to my prison in silence.

One day, just as we arrived at the heavy door at the end of the long, 
dark tunnel leading to my cell, she turned to face me. Looking into 
my eyes for a long time, she lowered her gaze to my immense cock, now 
over fourteen inches long. She glanced past me into the darkness, then 
returned her eyes to mine. "Shhhh...," she whispered. "Please, I need 
this." She lifted my long, heavy organ with both hands, excited by its 
weight. The pupils of her wide, blue eyes dilated as she stroked and 
kneaded my penis with her skillful fingers. I felt it flush and fill 
with blood, swelling to gigantic proportions. She released a quiet, 
"Mmmmm..." as she saw it expand to its final grotesque dimensions. 
Unbuttoning her robe and discarding it, she fell back against the cold, 
stone wall, pulling my cock to her dripping crotch.
"Please fuck me. Oh, please, please put it inside me."
Pulling me close to her, she inserted the head between her slick labia, 
then into her waiting vagina. She licked and sucked my neck as I buried 
the huge shaft inside her. Her heat surrounded my cock immediately, the 
muscles inside her grasping me like a powerful fist. "Oh, God... oh, 
God," she gasped repeatedly as I filled her again and again, shoving 
her against the hard stone wall.

Suddenly, searing pain shot through my shoulders as his powerful hands 
grabbed me and hurled me against the iron door. The monster's red eyes 
glowed at us from the darkness. He glared at my wife as she fell to the 
floor, whimpering with fear. His rage spilled into our minds, making 
the physical pain I felt seem insignificant.
"SO THIS IS HOW YOU REPAY ME! I'VE MADE YOU A QUEEN! I'VE GIVEN YOU 
ECSTASY UNKNOWN TO ANY MORTAL! I ALLOWED YOU TO BEAR MY OFFSPRING! NOW 
I FIND YOU FUCKING THIS PATHETIC GRUB!"
He grabbed her by the hair, lifting her painfully to eye level. 
Terrified, she squirmed and twisted as he held her with an outstretched 
arm, her body dangling like a helpless toy. Bringing her face to within 
an inch of his, he spat the words at her.
"If you want this puny thing so badly, I will strip you of the gifts I
have so generously given. You will share his suffering tenfold when I 
return you to the mortal world!"

Taking both of us by the neck, he guided us along an ancient passageway 
we had not yet walked. The stone floor turned to a rocky path as we 
descended into a deep cavern. Huge rock formations stretched from the 
floor into the darkness above us. We passed from chamber to chamber, 
each growing darker as we plunged into the depths of the cave.

Just as the darkness closed in on us, blinding us completely as we felt
our way along the rock walls, we entered a smaller room lit by the 
green glow from a large pool of water in the center of the rocky 
cavity. The eerie luminescence spilled into the immediate area around 
the glass-like surface, leaving the high ceiling and ragged walls in 
shades of black and gray.

He gave me a shove and I landed hard in some rubble by the far wall.
The red of the monster's eyes moved through the dim light as he dragged 
my terrified wife to the edge of the shining pool. The quiet water 
began to ripple, then roll, as something large and powerful moved below 
the surface.

Suddenly a squirming mass of gray, translucent tentacles appeared, 
replacing the churning liquid with a writhing bed of the alien 
appendages. Slowly several tendrils climbed over the edge of the pool 
and slithered toward her. His huge hands gripped her arms tightly as 
she felt the soft tips of the tentacles explore and probe her flesh. 
Several of the larger tentacles spiraled around her arms and legs, 
allowing the monster to release his grip. They lifted her twisting body 
into the air, stretching her arms and legs, while other more delicate 
tips with tiny open mouths found their way into her pussy and anus. She 
began to scream as they pushed deeply into her, sucking at the 
sensitive tissues inside, drinking and removing the gifts he had given 
her. She screamed louder as she was pulled into the wormy nest, the 
slimy tentacles covering her firm flesh. Her screams died suddenly as a 
wiggling finger entered her mouth and worked its way into her throat.

Her body disappeared into the tangled bed as it writhed and turned. 
Occasionally portions of her struggling body were exposed at the 
surface; a breast, a thigh, a clutching hand, always pulled under 
within seconds as it fed on her juices.

I watched the horrific spectacle from across the chamber. Hate for the 
demon overwhelmed me. I saw him smile while he watched the thing devour 
my wife. I was sure he was waiting for her to die. 

"Please, please let her live! Oh, God, don't let it kill her! I'll do 
anything, just don't let her die!"
He turned to me as I begged, laughing at my desperation.
"Stop your pathetic whining! How dare you assume that you have any 
influence over your worthless lives! She can still provide much 
pleasure and amusement to us, and your resulting humiliation doubles 
our enjoyment. I'll kill you both when you are no longer useful to me. 
Keep this in mind as you both satisfy our thirst for your pain."

The pool suddenly quieted, tentacles receding, as my wife's body 
floated to the calm surface. After catching her breath, she pulled 
her exhausted body out and over the edge, collapsing wet and naked on 
the stone floor.

He stood over her, ordering her to get up. She stood slowly, choking 
and sobbing as the slime dripped from her shaking belly and legs. She 
trembled as he took her face in his hands, looking into her teary eyes.
"What's wrong, my wife? Don't you crave my throbbing cock anymore?" he 
teased. "Please, don't...," she begged, shuddering with fear. He turned 
her back to him, then released her.

"Bend over, my dear, spread your legs for me."
She sobbed louder, afraid to move. "Please, don't make me do this," she 
pleaded. We both felt his familiar intrusion, exploding in our brains.
"OBEY ME IN ALL THINGS! I WILL CRUSH YOU BOTH!"
She moved her feet apart and bent over, resting her hands on her slim 
thighs.

"Beg me to fuck you."
"Oh God, please, no, don't do this, PLEASE!" she wailed.
"If you won't, maybe your pathetic husband will," he replied.
The blinding pain hit me, throbbing, bursting from within my head, 
building behind my eyes until it threatened to push them from their 
sockets. The rhythmic pounding continued relentlessly.
"SAY IT. TELL ME. NOW! SAY IT. TELL ME. NOW! SAY IT. TELL ME NOW!"
I was beaten; I couldn't take any more.
"Please fuck her, PLEASE FUCK MY WIFE!" I blurted as the pain gradually 
lessened.
"And now you, my dear?" he repeated. She winced as he probed her mind.
"Yes, do it, please fuck me, oh God, fuck me please!" she moaned, 
almost losing her balance from the pain.

He freed his cock, the purple head wet from his prolonged excitement.
Wiping some of the slime from her ass and thighs, he rubbed it over her
vulva, pushing some inside to lubricate her. Placing the head against 
her, he entered her slowly, inching the hard shaft into her while she 
cried openly. Once inside her, he withdrew slowly, then began to fill 
her faster with each stroke, until she grunted with each of his savage
thrusts. Tears rained from her face onto the cold stone floor as he 
slammed into her, again and again, clutching her narrow waist as he 
fucked her. He had entered her mind again. I heard her reciting the 
words in her tiny, frail voice between sobs and grunts.
"Please fuck me harder. ...... Please fuck me harder. ......Please fuck
me harder."

The brutality continued until his cum finally began to flow from her, 
frothing and dripping from where they were joined, splattering onto the
floor beneath them. Pulling the sticky weapon from her ravaged hole, he
took her by the hair, holding her face inches from the seeping head.
"Clean it, slut!" he ordered. She took him into her mouth, licking and
slurping the fluids from him as he held her by her hair, guiding her
mouth over his hot, wet meat.

Once more he demanded our words as we felt his request stab at us.
"Thank you for fucking me," my wife answered, as thick wads of his 
sperm dripped from her murmuring lips.
"Thank you for raping my wife," I answered, sickened and humiliated by
the words he made me say.




                             - Part XIV -


We staggered forward along the dark path leading from the cave, both
exhausted and beaten by his physical and mental brutality. He held us
each by the backs of our necks, his powerful grip increasing the 
already painful pounding inside our heads. We stumbled and scraped the
rough, stone walls of the passageway as he guided us into the darkness
ahead.

Occasionally a set of glowing eyes would approach us, sharp
claws reaching out to explore our naked bodies as they passed us.
Horrible shrieks and screams faded into the distance as we continued,
not knowing which one of us would be the target of the next demon as
the glowing embers moved closer in the pitch black tunnel. We stopped
twice along the way, waiting while two red eyes bobbed and hovered
near my wife. I could hear her sobbing and moaning as the demon
performed unseen acts of perversion, enjoying the touch of her firm
flesh. We stood by in the darkness, waiting for the demon to finish,
then moved on.

As we moved through the darkness, a faint light appeared in the
distance. We moved toward it, coming to a dead end formed by a flat
stone wall at the end of the tunnel. A dim, blue light filtered onto
the rock wall from an opening in the ceiling above us. The monster 
released us, then approached the barrier before us. Able to see again
as my eyes adjusted to the faint glow, I was sickened as I saw the
sticky remains of the demons' abuse covering my wife's face and slick
belly. She cried as she attempted to wipe the thick coating of cum from
her face and hair, her hands dripping with the heavy goo.

Facing the wall, he slowly placed both hands on the cold surface.
Immediately the wall shifted slightly out of focus, then disappeared,
revealing a huge chamber beyond. He again took each of us by the neck
and ushered us through the opening.

The long chamber was immense, at least two hundred feet wide. The
ceiling and opposite end stretched into the distance, far out of our
sight. As we walked down the colossal hall, I noticed each of the
distant walls was lined with a series of shimmering ovals, also
receding into the distance as far as we could see.

Suddenly, to my right, a figure burst from the surface of one of the
ovals. Standing in front of it for a few seconds, the man's image
faded, then reformed as one of the hideous demons. I watched in
amazement as it scampered across the hall in front of us, then plunged
through another silvery ellipse on the opposite wall. Over the next
hour, we saw hordes of the creatures come and go through the endless
portals. They took a wide variety of forms, from small girls to old
men, always shifting shapes as they continued on their way. The hall
seemed endless as we walked for what seemed like hours. I shuddered
when I thought about how many of these disguised demons must be
walking among us, unseen.

Finally, the monster turned us toward the wall and approached one of
the door-sized ovals. Standing near it, I watched our reflected images
shimmer and distort, reminding me of a constantly changing funhouse
mirror. The surface seemed liquid, like a giant pool of mercury 
standing on its side.

Without a word, he gave my wife a shove, pushing her into the portal.
She disappeared without a sound, leaving only a few ripples in the 
flowing surface. I fell forward as his powerful thrust hurled me toward
the unknown.

Terrified and screaming, we looked up from the floor of our bedroom.
The large mirror on the far wall rippled for a few seconds, then
returned to its regular glassy appearance. Cautiously rising to our
feet, we looked around the room. We appeared to be alone, the room
looking just as we had left it.

My wife and I explored our home, finding no trace of the monster or
his demons. Peering out the front window, we saw familiar neighbors
walking the street as the brilliant sunset cast a pink glow over the
peaceful setting.

Grateful for hot showers and a good meal, we retired early, exhausted
from our endless ordeal. Were we free? Was it finally over? Maybe the
monster had finally tired of us, moving on to some other unfortunate
couple. We fell asleep almost at once, spending the first peaceful
night in weeks in our own comfortable bed.

The next day was spent getting our lives back in order, doing the 
ordinary things that our busy lives required. Feeling more at ease, we
were still cautious, nervously checking dark closets and the empty 
garage where the monster's black limo once waited. That evening we 
relaxed, watched a movie, then went to bed with a bottle of our 
favorite wine, purchased that day to celebrate our freedom. Life was
good again, but we had a way to go to repair the damage he had 
inflicted.

Once in bed, our desire for each other fueled by the now empty bottle
of wine, we explored each other's bodies like hungry animals. She 
stroked my cock and balls lovingly while I licked and sucked at the 
hard nipples atop her firm, jutting breasts. Desperate to fill her 
eager pussy, I rolled onto her, licking her ears and neck. Sighing and
moaning, she rubbed her clit with the head of my cock, then pulled me 
inside her. I moved into her slowly, relishing the continuous flood of
sensation as her vagina spasmed and gripped my penis, encasing the 
sensitive head in wave after wave of welcome embraces.

She clutched my ass with both hands, pulling me toward her, sinking my
cock as deeply into her as possible. Holding me there, enjoying my 
fullness inside her, she raised her hips under me, moving in a 
circular motion. She began to moan louder as she rubbed her swollen
clitoris against me, calling my name between gasping breaths and
short, quiet cries.

We looked into each other's eyes as we shared an intimacy deeper than
we had ever known. We had survived the ordeal together, and now found
our love was not diminished, but strengthened by the experience unique
to us alone. The renewed sense of belonging, freedom, and an 
indestructible love brought our lovemaking to a yet unknown intensity.
Our mouths met, tongues circling and wrestling, welcome invaders into
the warm wetness. Our writhing bodies became one, joined at both ends,
offering and accepting everything.

We both began to scream as our bodies suddenly rocked and thrust more
rapidly, the imminent orgasms now out of our control. I felt the urgent
rush of semen surge forward deep within my exploding cock. She
bucked franticly against me, milking my cum from me as her orgasm
crashed over her.

Suddenly, the darkened room was filled with light. Startled, I jumped
up, spraying a stream of cum onto my wife's heaving belly. Blinded by
the unexpected brightness, we squinted as we looked around the room,
our orgasms cut short by the surprise.

"Well, well, what the fuck do we have here?"
Looking in the direction of the voice, we saw a young boy, about
fifteen, standing at the foot of the bed. Behind him, the large mirror
rippled and flowed, then returned to its normal appearance. He stood
with his hands on his hips, grinning at us as I bolted, naked, from
the bed. My wife remained trembling on the bed, the sheets pulled up
to her neck to hide her excited body.

"Who are you, and what the hell are you doing here?" I shouted.
His grin changed quickly to a menacing glare as he answered.
"I'm Spike, and I'm here to make your lives a living hell," he hissed.
He approached me as he answered, stopping a foot in front of me.
"Now, hubby, I suggest you shut the fuck up and do as I say. Get it?"
He shoved me hard enough with a single push to hurl me against the
wall, several feet away. I hit the wall in mid air, then crashed to
the floor, unable to breathe.

He strolled to the side of the bed, leaning over to look more closely
at my terrified wife's face, studying it with his piercing eyes. She
turned to look at him, visibly shaking under the wrinkled sheet.

He was tall for his apparent age, but painfully thin, his pale skin
stretched over a long angular frame. His red hair was cropped short,
standing on end over his white skull. Several studs and rings pierced
both his ears, and tattoos covered the exposed portions of his spindly
arms. He wore a tattered t-shirt bearing a faded inscription that was
long ago unreadable. His skintight leather pants were molded to his
bony skeleton, and displayed the growing outline of his long, thin
cock. His demeanor was menacing, short-tempered, and potentially 
violent.

Bringing his mouth closer, he extended his tongue and forcefully
licked the side of her face. She closed her eyes, too terrified to
move. He licked again, this time the other cheek as he turned her head
toward him. He continued to lick her - eyes, lips, ears, and neck,
until her flawless, olive skin glistened with a coating of his stringy
saliva.

"God, you're a fox!" he blurted. She winced with each of his words,
spoken so closely to her wet face. "Hey, hubby, get over here!" he
ordered. I got up slowly, still breathing hard from my fall.
"I wanna see her. Take the fuckin' sheet off."
I stood beside the bed, not able to move. Impatient, he threw me a
nasty glance, the centers of his eyes glowing red for just an instant.

I reached down and took the edge of the sheet from her shaking hands.
Slowly, I pulled it over her toward the foot of the bed. He leered, 
mouth watering, as he took in her full breasts, flat belly, and 
firm, long legs. She covered her breasts with both hands, but she 
couldn't hide the wet remains of my ejaculate covering her crotch and
stomach.

"God damn it! You got cum all over her!"
He reached out with a finger and traced a path along her abdomen, 
trailing it through the semen, between the swollen labia, continuing
lower, lingering over her anus. Withdrawing it, he presented it to
her, wet and sticky. "Lick!" he commanded. She allowed him to enter
her, closing her trembling lips around it, cleaning it as his he
slowly pulled his finger from her closed mouth.
"Yea, I knew you'd be easy. Now go get cleaned up, you little slut."

She edged off the bed slowly and headed for the bathroom, eyeing him
cautiously as she left us. I heard the shower running and felt the 
warm, humid air enter the room as she cleaned herself for him.

"I guess you know where the guest room is by now," he laughed. Get
your shit and get outta here." I quickly gathered some clothes, a
pillow, and sheets, then headed for the bedroom down the hall where I
had already spent night after night listening to the others use my
wife in our bed.

Before long, the shower stopped. I sat on my bed in despair, dreading
the sleepless night ahead of me. Soon I heard her soft voice and went
to my door to listen more closely.

She returned to the bedroom, naked and warm from the steamy shower. He
came close to her, whispering his orders in her ear, making sure I was
not able to hear them.
"Get on the bed. Spread your legs and pull your knees up so I can see
your cunt. Hold it open for me with both hands so I can look inside 
you."

She did as she was told, knowing not to disobey him. He walked slowly
around the bed, enjoying the sight of her beautiful body, stretched
open for him. She trembled as she saw his excitement intensified by
her shame and humiliation.

As he began to remove his clothes, she started to sob, heavy tears
running over her already wet face. He climbed onto the bed and crawled
between her legs, spreading her smooth thighs even farther apart. He
crouched over her on hands and knees, his long, thin penis bobbing
near her pussy, still held open by her slippery fingers. Lowering his
face to her ear, he whispered his next order.

"Beg me to rape you."
She began to cry harder, her stomach and breasts shaking as the tears
flowed.
"Beg me to rape you, or I'll fuck you up, slut."
He had already shown his violent streak, so she had no doubt that he
meant what he said. Between sobs, in a broken, quiet voice, she 
complied.
"Please rape me."
Infuriated, he hissed into her ear, "Say it louder, like you mean it,
you little bitch!"
"Please rape me," she repeated, this time loud enough for me to hear.
"Louder, bitch! Keep begging me!" he warned.
"PLEASE RAPE ME, PLEASE, PLEASE, RAPE ME!" she shouted, over and over
again.

He lowered his cock and entered her, allowing her to feel it pass by 
her tiring fingertips as she held herself open for him. The long shaft
entered her repeatedly and violently as she struggled to keep her
labia stretched for him. He slammed into her, enjoying her soft grunts
and jerking breasts as he jolted her with each thrust.

Again whispering, he gasped as he worked, "Beg me.. to fuck you..
harder. Say my name. Do it...slut!"

All I heard from my room was her constant pleading.
"Fuck me harder, Spike! Please fuck me harder!"

I stumbled to my bed, collapsing in tears. I was certain that we were
free from these demons, only to have an even more violent creature 
enter and control our lives. And for how long? Would we be tortured
and humiliated by these beings for the rest of our lives? How much
more could we endure, and what was their reason for doing this to us?
It seemed these were all questions we may never have answered.

He used her the entire night, the sounds waking me frequently as he 
made her recite disgusting requests, repeated until he was sure that I
heard my wife as her tired body serviced him.

He brought her to my door the next morning, dragging her by the hair,
showing me her bruised and exhausted body like a trophy. She could 
barely stand on her own. Her eyes were swollen and red from her 
constant crying. He forced her forward, proudly showing the large 
volume of cum that caked her hair and coated her belly and legs.
"She wasn't bad, but I've had a lot better," he boasted. She landed on
top of me, dazed and limp as a rag doll, as he discarded her.
"Clean her up for me. Maybe I can do something with her, in time."




                              - Part XV -


As I pulled into the driveway that evening and parked beside my wife's
car, I wondered how long she had been home. He had told us to attend
work as usual that day, but to be home early. "I have a surprise for
you tonight," he promised. I had learned to dread the "surprises" these
creatures brought.

The house was quiet, so I called to my wife, hoping to have some time
alone with her before Spike returned. Not hearing her answer, I walked
to our bedroom to look around. As I glanced through the wide archway
leading to the master bath, I saw her sitting on the edge of the tub.
Her legs were spread wide, her head lowered, as she concentrated on
her work. Slowly, carefully, she pulled the pink disposable razor over
her outer labia, removing the days stubble along with fluffy mounds of
shaving cream.

"Is he here yet?" I asked. She didn't answer or look up, her dark hair
hiding her face as it fell forward. "Honey, is he here yet?" I
repeated. Her hands began to shake as she continued to bare the full
lips between her open thighs.

"Shhhh!"
I took a quick step into the room to find Spike sitting across from
her, watching intently, grinning from ear to ear. "Isn't this fuckin'
beautiful!" he whispered. "I love to see a woman shave herself," he
added. "It's better than watchin' her strip for me. She's makin'
herself as naked as she can get, showin' me every bit of her pussy.
And your wife just begged me to watch her, didn't ya, babe?" Her belly
began to shake as a stream of tears fell from within the black mane of
hair onto the floor between her outstretched legs. "DIDN'T YOU, BABE?"
he repeated. She could feel his piercing eyes on her as she surrendered
her answer.
"Yes, Spike."

He spoke to me without taking his eyes off her now glistening slit.
"Get dressed, somethin' nice. We're goin' out to dinner. Oh, hubby,
from now on, always knock before you come in here. We'd like some
privacy. Get it?"
"Yes, I understand," I said, knowing the consequences of any other
answer.

Getting my best suit from the closet, I returned to the guestroom to
dress. I waited in the living room for them, not wanting to suffer the
humiliation of having to knock at my own bedroom door as the demon did
as he wished with my wife's unwilling body.

They soon joined me, my wife following the grinning boy into the room.
She was stunning in a white silk blouse, conservative black skirt
falling to just above the knee, and the pearl necklace and earrings I
had given her on our last anniversary. She wore her hair up, in a more
formal style, something I had rarely seen her do before.

Spike, on the otherhand, wore a T-shirt under the black tux coat,
jeans, and sneakers. He seemed pleased with his look as he paced
anxiously, hurrying my wife and me to our car.

We drove to the downtown area of the large city, two hours from our
home. I wasn't familiar with the heart of the city, so Spike gave
directions as I drove. Spike and my wife sat in the back seat. I
watched in the mirror as he leered approvingly at her large nipples
as they pressed against the thin silk, her breasts bouncing enticingly
while we traveled over the rough streets.

Several blocks off one of the busy main streets, we pulled over and
parked. Crossing the quaint cobblestone road, we climbed the steps
under a green canvas awning to an elegant brass and mahogany door.
Spike knocked, waited, then knocked again, before the door was opened
by a butler in formal attire. He greeted us with a blank stare, then
looking at Spike, seemed to recognize him. "Oh, good evening Master
Spike, please come this way," he chanted in monotone.

He led us into a small, elegantly furnished lobby, then to the elevator
at the far end. The doors parted instantly when he pushed the lighted
button, opening into the mirrored interior. "Have an enjoyable
evening," he replied stiffly, as we entered the elevator.

Spike pushed the lighted "B" and we began our descent. Shortly, the
doors opened, allowing the soft music and flickering candlelight to
enter the small compartment. We stepped into the richly appointed
dining room, greeted by the tuxedo-clad maitre d'. "Master Spike,
welcome," he said in familiar tones. "Please, come this way."

He led us through the room full of tables, each surrounded by well-to-
do ladies and gentlemen of the upper class, flaunting the excesses of
success that most of us would never know. A few looked up at us
and smiled as we were led to the only vacant table at the back of the
room. Well lighted, and two steps above the main floor, it overlooked
the dimly lit room, allowing us to watch the entire scene before us as
the patrons consumed exotic selections of food and drink from the
extensive menu.

We were seated, and for a while the waiters seemed to ignore us as we
watched the other diners. Soon, a tall, older gentleman appeared at our
table, smiling at Spike as he introduced himself.
"Hello, Spike. This must be the young couple you've told me so much
about. My name is Mr. Black, and I'll be joining you this evening. It's
a great pleasure to meet you both."

Although in his sixties, he was still handsome, once probably a real
"lady-killer". His dress and manner suggested success and wealth. He
spoke with a polite, but self-assured tone, used by those who built and
ran empires. Although gracious and polite to us all, his attention was
directed mostly to my wife, his eyes dropping often to her moving
breasts under the thin layer of silk.

He sat with us, making small talk, charming my wife with his stories
and clever banter. Soon the waiter arrived with our appetizers, placing
the small platters full of fresh sushi in front of us. My concern
turned to dread as I noticed my wife's plate contained several multi-
colored capsules instead of the delicately prepared fish. Her eyes
widened in horror as she looked down at her nearly empty plate. Spike
grinned as she looked into his threatening eyes, now realizing any
enjoyment tonight would be at her expense. She slowly swallowed the
pills in silence as the rest of us ate the cool, delicious flesh.

Later, the waiter reappeared to remove our empty plates. Smiling at my
wife as he passed her, he inquired, "And did the lady enjoy her
appetizer this evening?" All eyes were on her as she answered, "Yes,
thank you, it was very good." Spike looked around the table, grinning,
excited by her obedience.

By this time, the drugs she ingested had begun to work, her excitement
obvious by the size of her engorged nipples straining against the
delicate fabric of her blouse.
"Unbutton your blouse, babe," ordered Spike. Startled, she looked at
him, her eyes protesting. "Please, not here, not in the restaurant, in
front of everyone," she begged. He just looked at her, grinning as red
flashes filled his eyes.

Slowly, to my disbelief, she unbuttoned the front of her blouse, from
neck to waist. The flimsy silk immediately fell open, revealing the
center half of each round breast and her dark, stiff nipples.
Mortified, she quickly glanced around the room to see if any of the
others had noticed. A few of the older men smiled and winked at her,
quickly returning their attention to the expensive meals before them.
"My dear, you have exquisite breasts," Mr. Black remarked, breaking the
awkward silence. "Thank you," she murmured, not able to look at him.

"I think you need to freshen up, babe," teased Spike. He looked out
over the room to the far end where the restrooms were located.
"Please don't make me do this. I can't walk through the restaurant
half-naked!" she whispered, now very afraid. Again, he grinned, knowing
she would obey him.

As she left her chair, she pulled the blouse together in the front,
trying to cover her swollen nipples. He looked up at her, shaking his
head, not allowing it. She released the silk, allowing it to fall open
again, then walked the distance to the opposite side of the room. Men
and women leered and stared at her fantastic display, nodding in
appreciation as she passed them. She disappeared into the ladies room
for a few minutes, then retraced her path back to our table.

While she was gone, Mr. Black rose from his chair and took her seat
across from me. The waiter quickly removed his empty chair from the
front of our table, then took our orders. When she returned, she stood
in front of us, puzzled at the loss of her seat. She looked down at us,
blouse open, nipples extended and stiffening as we watched. The eyes of
most of the patrons were on her now as she stood with her back to them,
wondering what to do next.

Mr. Black saw her confusion and smiled at her. "I'd like very much for
you to remove your skirt, my dear," he replied. She lowered her eyes
and sighed deeply, as a large tear rolled over her cheek. The constant
grin on Spike's face reminded her of his potentially viscous reaction
if she did not cooperate.

Both hands trembling violently, she fumbled with the zipper at the side
of the skirt. Drawing it open, she tugged at the material several times
as she worked it over her hips, then allowed it to fall to the floor.
Everyone's eyes were now on her, taking in her fantastic body. The
short, silk blouse hung to within an inch of the sheer, black lace
panties stretched over the curve of her perfect ass. The nearly
transparent lace displayed her moist, swollen slit to us as her juices
leaked around the edges onto her inner thighs. She burned with shame,
hearing the crowd behind her exchange lewd comments while they watched.

Mr. Black's gaze drifted up and down her body several times, admiring
her lean, sculptured physique. Slowly and deliberately, he reached up
and gently took a nipple between his thumb and finger. Her eyes closed
and her stomach stiffened as he rolled and pulled the distended teat.
She began to tremble, holding the edge of the table to steady herself.
His hand traveled to the other breast, teasing the remaining nipple to
an equal state of arousal.

"You love this, don't you," he asked. "Yes," she whispered quickly.
Opening his hand, he moved it slowly down her body, his fingers
brushing her breasts and belly. Stopping just above the border of the
fragile, black panties, he caressed her, tracing the creases between
legs and belly, lightly teasing and probing the sensitive skin just
above her swelling slit. She tried desperately to fight the urges he
made her feel, knowing the crowd behind her watched every twitch and
gasp that escaped her. I watched helplessly as the drugs made her his
plaything, humiliating her as she responded uncontrollably to his
touch.

Our waiter arrived soon, arranging our dinners on the large table. I
could see the disappointment on my wife's face as she eyed the three
meals set before us, the sudden aromas firing our appetites. She stood
in front of us, watching us devour the succulent shellfish, not certain
what to do next. After a few bites, Mr. Black freed a small fragment of
lobster from its red carapace and offered it to her. He shook his head
as she reached for it, instead lifting it to her parted lips. She
opened her mouth, allowing him to place the sweet meat on her waiting
tongue. His middle finger remained until she closed her lips around it,
sucking him suggestively as he slowly pulled it from her watering
mouth. Her mouth grew more eager for him with every bite as he
continued to feed her tempting morsels of the firm, juicy meat.

As we finished, the waiter again arrived promptly to clear our table.
Smiling cordially at my wife while glancing repeatedly at her exposed
breasts, he replied, "I trust the lady enjoyed the main course?" "Yes,
thank you," she answered softly. Amused by the waiter's wondering eyes,
Mr. Black looked up at her.
"Take off your blouse for us, my dear. We should show the gentleman our
appreciation for his excellent service."
Looking first at Mr. Black, then at Spike, she begged quietly, "Please,
no, please don't..." Spike's grin was replaced with a furious stare,
red flashing in his empty eyes.

Glancing quickly at the waiter, she lowered her head as she slipped the
cool silk over her smooth shoulders, letting it fall to the floor. His
eyes widened and the crowd gasped slightly as everyone admired her
flawless body. Tears fell from her face onto her jutting breasts,
sliding over the velvet skin to her distended nipples, silently, one by
one, dropping to the carpet under her.

Turning his chair toward her, he motioned for her to come closer. She
walked the few steps, standing in front of him, her back still to the
room. Reaching up with both hands, he cradled her face, drawing her
closer. Bending her at the waist he brought her face to his, looking
into her eyes. She lowered her hands to his knees for support, her face
inches from his wise, powerful eyes. His hands left her face, gliding
over her shoulders and narrow waist, stopping on her hips over the
tightly stretched lace. Hooking a finger under each side, he slowly
uncovered her round ass, then pulled the tiny scrap of transparent mesh
down her muscular thighs, letting it fall to the floor.

Humiliated and ashamed of her excited response to him, her terrified
eyes begged him to stop. He stared back at her, reassuring and
comforting her with his refined confidence.

She knew she was wet, feeling the warm liquid coat her inner thighs.
The crowd stared in amazement, watching her cunt swell and flow between
the perfect globes of her firm ass. She had never felt this naked,
exposed before the entire restaurant, excited and captivated by this
impressive stranger.

"Play with yourself. Make yourself cum for me," he whispered.
"Please, not here, I can't. Don't ask me to do this, please!" she
begged.
"Young lady, I've paid a large sum of money for you tonight. I don't
think Spike will be very happy if I ask for a refund."
She hesitated, forced to look into his gray eyes, inches from hers.

He felt her hand leave his knee, knowing its destination. She moved her
fingers into the slippery warmth between her legs, feeling the gaze of
the others behind her as she straddled her distended clitoris with two
fingers. Slowly, she worked them along the length of it, occasionally
circling the sensitive end with a wet fingertip. A sudden warmth rose
from her belly, over her breasts and face. His kind eyes urged her on,
helping her forget her surroundings, making her want to cum for him.

He pulled her closer, covering her mouth with his, stabbing her with
his eager tongue. She pressed hard against him, returning his probing
as she felt the orgasm crash over her surrendering body. Her moans were
muffled as she kissed him deeply. Her hips danced up and down as she
thrust her fingers into her sopping vagina, her hand glistening with
its juices. He played with her swaying breasts as she came, prolonging
her orgasm for the enjoyment of everyone who watched. Finally, gasping
for breath, she collapsed onto his lap, pressing against him as his
erection throbbed under her.

"It's time to go," he whispered, as she clung to him, recovering. She
climbed off him carefully, still unsteady on her feet and breathing
heavily. He rose from his seat, taking her hand to guide her. He led
her through the crowded restaurant, naked and panting, crotch and
thighs soaked from her still-flowing hole. The men and women,
apparently members of this private club, applauded quietly as my naked
wife passed them, allowing them a closer look at her raging body.

When they were nearly at the elevator at the other end of the room,
Spike's appreciative gaze turned to me.
"Let's go, hubby. Pick up her clothes and follow me."
I retrieved her blouse, skirt, and panties, hurrying to catch up with
the young punk. They were waiting for us in the elevator. We entered,
and Spike pushed the lighted button, this time "5".

The doors closed and we felt the sudden extra weight tug at us as the
compartment began its ascent. Mr. Black turned to my wife, lowering a
hand to her wet slit. She gasped as he entered her with two fingers,
rubbing and teasing her with his hand. He watched her face intently as
he played with her, enjoying the sighs of pleasure she could no longer
control. "Do you like this?" he asked, smiling at her surrender.
"Yesss," she breathed, unable to conceal her heat.
"Do you want me to stop?"
"No, please, no,"
"Tell him. Tell your husband what you want."
Opening her eyes, she looked at me, replying without hesitation.
"I love this. I want him..to play with me,..to make me..cum."
Spike's face lit up as he laughed and screamed at me.
"Holy shit! Did you hear that? She's so hot she'll do it in front of
you! The little slut doesn't even care if you watch!"
Anger and humiliation burned inside me as I watched her collapse onto
the mirrored wall, moaning, as Mr. Black worked his fingers inside her.

A soft "ding" brought the degrading scene to an end as the doors opened
onto the fifth floor. We stepped out of the compartment, into a
comfortable sitting room containing a large sofa and several matching
chairs. To our right were elegant french doors that led to a spacious
bedroom. Spike pointed to one of the chairs, and barked, "Sit!" I did
as I was told, as Mr. Black led my naked wife through the doors to the
bedroom.

Spike flopped on the sofa, stretching out with his hands folded behind
his head. "We'll wait here 'til he's done with her," he explained.
"He doesn't like to be watched, but we can listen. We get to hear your
little slut beg for more while he pounds the shit out of her with his
cock! It'll probably last for hours, so you can take a nap if you get
bored. Just don't try anything funny. I'm gettin' a bundle for her
tonight!"

Spike closed his eyes as the first words drifted from the adjoining
room.
"Looks like you like what you see, my dear."
"Yes."
"Let's see how much of this you can get in your mouth."

I never did sleep over the next four hours, although Spike was out
after the first hour. I listened to my drug-crazed wife beg Mr. Black
for every imaginable sex act. I listened to her scream and cry while
she orgasmed under him as he plunged into her again and again. I heard
her soft slurping as she rejuvenated his resilient erection inside her
warm, grasping mouth. Every time I thought he was finished with her, I
heard her desperate pleading.
"Please fuck me again! Oh God, I need your cock inside me!"
Soon she would start to grunt and moan again as he impaled her,
granting her wish. Then, after another period of quiet, she would
resume her sickening demands.
"Eat me! Stick your tongue in me and lick me 'til I cum! Oh God,
PLEASE!"

Finally, after four hours, she staggered into the sitting room. I had
never seen her this used. She was soaked from head to toe with what
appeared to be an equal mixture of sweat and cum. Her normally
lustrous, black hair was plastered to her head and face. Thick, white
globs of semen had settled in the tangles that framed her pale, drawn
face. Long, thick strings of cum oozed from her gaping vagina, sticking
to her legs as she walked.

Legs shaking, she approached the sofa and softly nudged Spike to wake
him. He opened his eyes and looked up at her tired face, satisfied by
the sight of the drying semen on her eyelashes and corners of her
mouth.
"He's finished with me," she reported.
"Great!" Spike exclaimed as he jumped off the sofa, now full of energy.
"Lets go!"
The open elevator was waiting for us as we stepped into it and rode to
the lobby. Still holding her clothes, I asked Spike if she could dress
on the way down.
"No way, hubby! I can get some free advertising!"

We entered the lobby and the butler stared in amazement as we headed
for the door. Rushing to open it for us, his smile betrayed his
excitement as he eyed my wife's cum-drenched body. We exited into the
cold night air, my wife shivering as it surrounded her. We waited at
the street for a break in the traffic so we could cross to our car. Her
teeth began to chatter as she stood in her bare feet on the cold, damp
pavement. The few people on the street stared at her as they passed by,
a small group of high school boys whistling at her display. Spike went
after them, talking for several minutes before returning.

Finally, the traffic thinned and we began to cross the busy street. She
walked between us, naked and shivering, trying to keep up. Long strings
of semen continued to fall from between her legs, splattering onto the
smooth cobblestones as we made our way to the other side. A passing car
slowed, the men inside hurling whistles and catcalls from the open
windows.

We reached our car and hurried inside, now all feeling the numbing
cold. As I drove the two hours back to our home, I had to listen to
Spike as he congratulated my wife on what a perfect slut she had been.
After a while I heard her crying and looked in the rearview mirror to
see Spike spreading the leaking cum over her belly and breasts as he
complimented her on how "tasty" she looked.
"Oh, stop cryin', ya little bitch! Some of your future customers will
be a lot nastier, so get used to it!"

I spent the rest of the trip worrying about whom he would sell my wife
to next, and what further humiliation he had in store for us.




                               - Part XVI -


The next few days passed quickly. I rarely saw my wife or Spike. The
bedroom door was closed when I left for work, and they returned to our
home together, very late at night. When they arrived, he always led her
silently by me, retiring to their room and locking the door.

She was always dressed in her best clothes, presented to her customers
as the elegant lady that Spike promised, bringing a price that few of
the most selective callgirls could demand. Her face was always
downcast, ashamed to look at me as he tugged at her reluctant hand,
towing her after him like a worrisome possession. Occasional glimpses
of her expression revealed her nightly exhaustion, the dark circles
beneath her tired eyes framed by the drying semen in her matted hair.

I had been virtually ignored the entire week. Spike had now excluded me
from every detail of their secretive comings and goings. Now, only he
watched as she serviced the select group of men able to afford her.
As I viewed the nightly surrender on her worn face, I felt her slipping
away from me, a little at a time, until I feared that Spike would own
her completely.

Friday evening I returned to find the house again empty. Pouring myself
a needed scotch, I peered through the kitchen window, watching the
inviting rippling of the crystal water in the oval pool. I had argued
against it when we built the house, not caring much for the water
myself. My wife got her way, having been a swimmer in high school and
college, and used the pool daily. She loved the water almost as much as
I loved watching her in it, although the approaching fall weather left
fewer and fewer opportunities for me to enjoy her agile body gliding
over the ice-blue surface.

It was then that I noticed the figures by the side of the pool. Legs
and arms intertwined, mouths sloppily sucking at each other, they
wrestled together on the smooth tile. My wife wore only the
yellow bottom of her most daring bikini, her firm, tanned
breasts flattened between her and the boy. He looked to be about
eighteen, all waist and legs, his lean body twisting and straining
beside her. As he rolled over her, I saw her hand working gently inside
his red surfer trunks, teasing and stroking him under the loose
material. Their bodies glistened in the late afternoon sun, heavily
oiled with lotion from the now overturned bottle.

"Ain't love beautiful!" Spike joked, startling me from behind as I
watched in disbelief.
"Eric's dad has BIG bucks, and a wicked sense of humor! He paid extra,
so a few of his buddies will be showin' up soon. We're havin' a pool
party, and you're the cook. Get the ground beef we bought today and
make us some burgers. I'll bet these guys will be workin' up some huge
fuckin' appetites!"

Camcorder in hand, he strolled outside and headed for the busy couple.
He stopped ten feet in front of them, kneeling to get the best angle as
he taped my wife with her young customer. Averting my eyes from the
degrading spectacle, I turned to the refrigerator to prepare the meal.

Just as I had finished shaping the five pounds of beef into a huge pile
of burgers, Spike strolled into the kitchen, followed by my wife and
her companion. My eyes were drawn to the shared fist between them,
fingers interlaced, her thumb moving slowly and gently over Eric's
trembling hand. He glanced repeatedly at her exposed, bouncing breasts,
the front of his trunks stained from the pre-cum of his still-erect
penis. They followed Spike into the family room, where I soon heard the
thudding beat of some unfamiliar hard rock blaring from my stereo.
Spike returned to the kitchen, ordering me to "Fire up the grill, the
others will be here soon!" My wife and the boy remained in the other
room, their laughter occasionally rising above the irritating music.

As I lowered each burger to the steaming surface, I couldn't help
thinking that it would be fuel for those who would use my wife later
this evening. Had Spike already given her the drugs, or was she truly
excited by this young, eager boy? How many more would show up to sample
her body, and in what ways would she be expected to satisfy them? Each
hiss from the raw meat was a mocking reply as it met the hot grill,
small voices ripping at my frayed mind.

Spike appeared beside me as I worked, opening a handful of the familiar
capsules, pouring the contents over one of the remaining patties.
Kneading the powder into the meat, then reshaping it, he replied,
"Guess who gets this one? Just make sure you keep it separate from the
others and see that she eats it. We don't want to disappoint anyone, do
we!" I placed it on the far corner of the grill, disgusted at having to
feed my wife the powerful drugs that would turn her into an insatiable
slut for this evening's entertainment.

Soon I heard the laughter and cheers of the others as they burst from
the door onto the tile deck. The boy's four friends carried two coolers
to the side of the pool, each filled with assorted brands of their
favorite beer. My wife and Eric followed them, stopping as she was
surrounded by the small crowd. They joked with her, boldly commenting
on what parts of her body were their favorites. She seemed to enjoy the
attention as her eyes devoured every inch of the five well-muscled
bodies.

"Let's eat!" Spike shouted, as the rowdy group closed in on my
topless wife. Opening more beer on the way, they headed for the grill,
the smell of the freshly seared meat distracting them for the moment.
I loaded the food onto the plastic plates as they passed by, making
sure to give my wife her special portion. She ignored me, talking to
the others as I gave her the drug-laced meat.

They devoured the meal in gulps, most returning for seconds and thirds.
I wasn't sure if they knew she was my wife, but I suspected they did
by the sly looks and grins they shot me as they returned to the grill
for more.

Soon, half the beer was gone and the five grew impatient, becoming more
aggressive, fondling and kissing my wife as their inhibitions melted
away.

The sun had slipped over the horizon unnoticed as everyone's attention
was fixed on my wife, preoccupied with the fantasies she evoked in each
boy's hopeful imagination. The fall night air delivered a sudden chill,
again ignored by the excited teenagers.

Spike strolled to the middle of the group, then led my wife to the far
end of the pool. He spoke quietly to her for a minute, then returned to
a nearby chair to watch. After a long look at the leering boys, she
slowly lowered the tiny yellow thong over her trim legs, stepping out
of it as it fell onto the cool tile. They gasped, speechless for the
first time tonight as they stared at her wet, swollen vagina, slick
and pink, ripples of light flashing over her from the water below.

Carefully, she eased herself over the edge onto the inflated raft
floating below her. Stretching her excited body over the length of it,
she paddled to the center of the pool, hands and arms dipping into the
warm liquid.

The surface of the pool glowed from submerged lights burning under the
heated water. The bobbing raft was transparent, displaying her as
though suspended on an undulating plane, six feet above the pool
bottom. A smoky mist rose around her as the warm water met the cold
night air, capturing the rippling luminescence, isolating it from the
surrounding darkness.

Eyes closed, head arched backward, she placed both hands between her
parted thighs. Opening herself to their hungry gaze, she spread her
flowing liquids over the fleshy folds, fingers rolling and stroking the
sensitive lips and hood. She began to pant, short little cries and
moans escaping her, causing small clouds of breath to condense in the
crisp air above her.

Unexpectedly sobered by the fantastic scene before them, they watched
in stunned silence, with only an occasional "Jesus!" or "My God!"
drifting quietly into the night air.

Frantic fingers finally coaxed the orgasm from her, hips rising and
thrusting, head rolling from side to side as her wanton moans blended
with the music, its slowing rhythms matching her gasping recovery.

Spike stood, smiling proudly, more than satisfied with her performance.
He watched the stunned boys as they gaped at the sleek, breathless
vision floating before them.
"I believe she wants some company, guys," he called, waiting for them
to respond.

Glancing at each other for just seconds, they stripped off the dripping
trunks and entered the pool, quickly surrounding her, pulling the raft
to the shallow end. She rolled off the raft as they overturned it,
finding herself suspended by five pairs of exploring hands.

I stood by helplessly as they held her, their stiff, bobbing cocks just
visible under inches of the clear water. Each of her hands found
smooth, hard torsos to her left and right, enjoying the response she
brought to them as she ran her eager fingers over their lean chests and
abdominals.

Eric eased past her submerged legs and entered the open space between
them. Her hands disappeared below the water, reaching for his erection,
pulling him closer to her glowing, pink slit. He began to thrust
instinctively as she rubbed him against her pouting labia, trying to
find her flowing entrance. Once found, he filled her at once, plunging
into her with adolescent abandon. She tried to draw him nearer, to run
her hands over his young body, to see the lust in his eyes as he fucked
her, but he resisted, standing between her straining thighs, ramming
her repeatedly, possessed by the urgent need that now controlled him.

He came very quickly, the muscles of his arched back tensing as he
released the hot semen deep inside her. Far from being satisfied, she
pleaded with him as he pressed against her.
"Please, no, not now, not yet!"

The others laughed as Eric pulled away from her, grinning from ear to
ear. A second boy took his place at once, now eager to hear her beg him
for more as he worked the head of his penis inside her. She moaned
softly as he pumped his rigid young cock into her, splashing small
waves of water onto her belly and breasts. He also orgasmed in minutes,
throwing his head back and howling like a wolf in heat as his strong
hands dug into the hard flesh of her upper thighs. Again disappointed,
she cried, "Oh God, no!" as his cock fell from her burning pussy.

Each of the others waded between her spread legs, always masturbating
into her, never satisfying the drug-induced lust that continued to
torture her. Tiny, white snakes of semen rose to the surface of the
water, dancing and twisting in the currents that flowed past her still-
hungry body.

I shook with rage and disgust as my wife begged them for more. She
promised them everything from blowjobs to anal sex, clutching at them
as they left the pool, humiliated as they joked and laughed at her.

Tired and very drunk, they gathered their belongings, stopping to thank
Spike on their way out. As they left, everyone turned to take one last
look at my wife. She stood at the edge of the pool, staring at them.
Her wet, naked body was silhouetted against the blue glow from the
lighted pool behind her. The swollen features of her genitals were
visible in the small space between her slim thighs. Tiny, sparkling
droplets of water clung to her skin as she panted, incredulous,
watching them wave goodbye.

Spike showed the boys to the door, then returned to the pool, looking
slowly up and down her wet, trembling body. Extending a bony hand, he
covered her crotch, slipping two fingers inside her. Her eyes closed
at once, moaning softly as she anticipated any relief he could offer.
She opened her eyes suddenly, surprised as he began to lead her to the
house using the two fingers, now digging into the engorged wall of her
vagina. Looking back at me with his sickening grin, he motioned for me
to follow them.

Once inside, he towed her to the bedroom. I followed them, stopping
just inside the open door. "Get on the bed, bitch," he ordered. She
climbed onto the king-sized bed, displaying her swollen genitals as she
crawled to the center. "On your back!" he spat. She rolled onto her
back, eyes tearing with uncertainty as his instructions hit her like
hammer blows.

"Tie her," he ordered, shoving two lengths of cord at me as I watched
from the door. I took the rope, using it to tie each of her delicate
wrists to the heavy posts at the head of the bed.

Spike now loomed over her at the foot of the bed, taking in her bound,
raging body. "Do you wanna get fucked?" he demanded. She studied him
nervously, pausing for a dangerously long time before giving him her
answer. "DO YOU WANNA GET FUCKED, YOU LITTLE SLUT?" he shrieked.
"Yes, please," she answered quickly, terrified at his building rage.
"Yeah, I thought so. Well, wifey, since those five guys couldn't
satisfy ya, I thought I'd let some of MY friends have a shot at ya."

I saw her face freeze, horror replacing apprehension, as she looked
past him at the wavering surface of the large mirror. He stepped aside
just as the creature burst from the silvery surface, making its way to
the foot of the bed. The all too familiar red eyes were fixed on her,
paralyzing her with its gaze. The misshapen mass of oozing flesh and
appendages snorted and grunted as it studied its victim, the huge,
pulsing phallus leaking vile fluids from the gaping opening in the
bulbous head.

Her terrified screams began at once as the monster climbed onto the bed
and worked its way between her thrashing legs. I looked on in horror as
the immense, gnarled organ disappeared inside her, the demon's bulk
pinning her helplessly to the bed. Her cries increased to a frightening
intensity as the abhorrent beast washed her face with its thick, sticky
tongue, dripping strings of yellow saliva into her open mouth.

A second creature penetrated the mirror's surface and stood by the bed,
waiting to taste her warm flesh. Turning to study me with glowing eyes,
it reached for me with a scaly, clawed hand. Panic-stricken, I backed
away quickly, just as a third monster squeezed through the portal.

Inching away from the creature's advances, I stumbled and fell
backwards through the open bedroom door. I crashed to the floor just
before the door slammed shut, my wife's shrieks continuing as a growing
number of creatures filled the dark room to foul her helpless body.

Her screams continued throughout the night. I waited, trembling, in the
guestroom for the hoard of fiends to finish, then to come for me,
perhaps ending this nightmare, once and for all.




                             - Part XVII -


I returned to our bedroom door soon after hearing my wife's
screams slowly fade. As I neared the closed door, I found her shrieks
had become quiet sobs, her continuous crying just audible over the
creatures' disgusting grunting and growling.

Collapsing onto the floor against a nearby wall, I was assaulted
by the relentless sounds of her torture for the rest of the night. I
fought unimaginable levels of helplessness and rage as my mind was
filled with images of what must be taking place in our room.

As dawn approached, I was wrenched from a light sleep by my wife's
sudden, horrifying scream. It pierced the quiet morning, jolting me to
my feet, as it continued to echo through the house. Then, as suddenly
as it had begun, it stopped, replaced with a dead, eerie silence.

I ran to the door, watching in disbelief as it slowly opened ahead of
me. The hinges groaned a sinister invitation as it slowed to a stop.
Entering the dim, stale smelling room, I was shocked to find it
completely deserted. The furniture was not just overturned, it was
slashed, gouged, and broken into pieces. The carpet and bedding were
sopping wet, the smell of sweat and semen wafting by me as I surveyed
the damage. The only object left intact was the large mirror, rising
grotesquely from the piles of rubble.

A week passed, then two. My wife had vanished without a trace, taken by
the demons to a place I remembered all too well. I had tried to smash
the full-length mirror, but each time I entered our bedroom, the smooth
surface began to distort and ripple, many pairs of glowing eyes warning
me from the other side. I was resigned to the despair I felt, living
from day to day, helpless and defeated.

Two months later, I received the first email.

---------------------------------------------------

     Friend,

     We can help. Look for your wife in the Grotto.

---------------------------------------------------

The header included a cryptic address, containing symbols unlike any I
had ever seen. Was this a trap set by Spike or one of the other demons?
Was it possible that someone, somewhere, knew of the creatures, that
they walked among us, using us as they wished? I had to find out.

The Grotto was not the pleasant sounding place its name implied.
Located on the west side of town near an abandoned industrial site, it
had become a collection of biker bars, pawn shops, and adult book
stores. It was an area frequented by drug dealers, prostitutes, and all
varieties of the most unsavory characters the city had to offer.

Arriving thirty minutes later, I cruised the main drag, looking for
some clue to my wife's whereabouts. It was a Saturday night, and the
streets were crowded with hookers and their prospective clients. A
small group of "ladies of the evening" strutted and posed in their
scanty outfits as they hovered near a gathering of leather-clad thugs.
The largest of the group climbed off his bike and took one of the women
by the hand, leading her to the closest alley.

As my headlights flashed across them, I was stunned to see my wife's
face, almost unrecognizable under the heavy makeup. She strolled
willingly beside him, headed for the dark alley. The black, leather
halter barely concealed her breasts, pushing them up and over the front
of the skin-tight top. A long expanse of bare waist led to a tiny,
black, leather skirt, just covering the bottom of her firm ass. Her
hips swayed as she skillfully maneuvered on the four-inch heels. The
once long and luxurious black hair was now cropped short and slicked
back over her head, exaggerating the bright blue eyeshadow and red
lipstick.

Shaken at the sight of what she had become, I continued down the
street, pulling over a few blocks away. I circled the block on foot,
entering the alley from the opposite end. Halfway into the alley, I saw
them. She was bent at the waist, holding the dumpster for support. The
tiny skirt was pulled up, exposing her to him as he pumped his huge
cock into her. The biker towered over her as he worked, arching her
head backwards as he grasped her by the hair. Each of his savage
thrusts jolted her compact body, crushing her large breasts against the
side of the rusty container.

Her eyes were closed, her face expressionless, showing neither
excitement nor disgust, as she allowed him to use her cunt for as long
as he wished. Then, with a loud grunt, he came, spewing his cum into
her as he rode her like a mindless animal.

When he finished, he shoved her to the ground, throwing a fistful
of bills at her before returning to his gang. She just sat there,
breathing hard, staring at the far wall of the alley. Finally, she
collected the money, crawling to recover it on her hands and knees. I
watched her from behind as the tiny skirt remained gathered around her
waist. Her gaping labia were slick with the biker's semen, thick globs
dripping from the reddened slit as she scrambled for the scattered
bills.

As I walked toward her, she turned, crawling in my direction to snag
the last bill. She looked up from the pavement, surprised to see
someone standing so close. Slowly raising her head to look into my
eyes, she stared at me, her face showing the horror and humiliation of
her new life. The meager halter failed to contain her breasts, which
now spilled out over the top, both dark nipples pointing toward the
damp cement beneath her.

"Oh,...nooo!" she sobbed, still looking up from below me. "H-how did
you f-find me?" she asked, now crying openly. I reached down, pulling
her up into my arms, allowing her to cry harder as I tried to comfort
her. We stood in the dark alley, holding each other, each of us
struggling with the onslaught of emotions that suddenly overwhelmed us.

"We're going home now," I promised.
"No...you don't understand...I can't," she sobbed.
"Why not?"
"They're watching me. They did horrible things to me. I just can't go
through that again! They make me give them the money I earn. They
said my torture would be worse if I didn't cooperate. Please, we
can't stay here; they'll see us. I have a room. We can go there."

I followed her out of the alley, fighting the rage from yet another
humiliating situation brought about by the disgusting creatures. The
bikers whistled and fondled her as we passed, assuming I was one of her
customers. She pushed their hands away halfheartedly, smiling coyly as
she led me into a nearby stairway. Climbing the steep stairs to the
third floor, she produced a key from her small, leather purse and
opened one of the doors lining the narrow hall, leading me inside.

The room was small, sparsely furnished, and smelled like dirty laundry.
Peeling wallpaper provided a depressing backdrop behind the simple
table and chair and the single unmade bed in the opposite corner. A
small clothes rack hung from the wall, containing a row of outfits so
revealing that at first glance, it was difficult to tell how they
should be worn.

She lowered herself carefully to the bed, sighing as she dangled her
bare legs over the side. I winced as I noticed the biker's cum still
leaking from her, the tiny skirt unable to hide her reddened slit as
she sat facing me.

"So, how did you know I was here," she asked. "I really can't-or, um,
shouldn't tell you that now," I answered, believing she was safer not
knowing. "Just get in the car and come home," I demanded.

"I told you, I can't. They're watching you too. They see every move we
make. Oh, God! What are we going to do?"
She began to cry again, the tears melting her makeup into a pitiful
mask of blue and black streaks.

Suddenly, we heard the doorknob rattle, then the furious pounding from
the other side of the door.

"I told ya to keep the fuckin' door unlocked, bitch!"

Horrified, she jumped to her feet, shaking as she stared at the door.
"Oh, God...it's Spike! Hurry, hide in there," she whispered, pointing
to the bathroom door. I bolted across the room, closing the door behind
me just as she let Spike in.

I watched through a small crack in the rickety door as he circled her,
inspecting his investment.

"So, you're cryin' again, huh? Won't you ever learn? Jesus, you're
harder to train than my fuckin' dog! OK, let's go over this one more
time. If you don't start showin' me that you like your new life, we'll
take a little trip back to "my place" for some extra training."

"Now, what are you?"
"I'm your whore, Spike."
"Good. Do you like being my whore?"
"Yes, Spike."
"OK. Who do ya love, baby?"
Her hands went to his belly, sliding up under the t-shirt to his
scrawny chest as she answered.
"I love you, Spike."
"Show me!"

Shaking with rage, I watched her kneel in front of him, pulling the
punk's jeans to the floor. She closed her mouth around his thin, white
cock, capturing it as it bobbed inches from her tear-streaked face. As
he buried inch after inch of it into her throat, she raised both hands
to his pale, hairless scrotum, gently teasing his balls with her gentle
fingers. She licked and sucked hungrily on the purple, rubbery head,
leaving thick strings of saliva when she paused briefly to catch her
breath.

Soon, he began to thrust harder, stomach tensing, as the demon spurted
the vile contents of his body into her. She closed her mouth tightly
around him, not allowing a drop to escape as she pumped the thin, hard
shaft with both hands. Swallowing desperately, she milked every drop
from him, knowing that his disappointment would bring unbearable
torture.

He watched her lick and suck his shrinking erection, knowing she would
not stop until he gave his permission. "Alright, alright, that's
enough," he said, grinning with satisfaction. Turning away from her, he
hiked the torn jeans to his waist, now looking through the only window
onto the busy street below.

"Strip," he ordered, his attention still focused on the passing
riffraff as they prowled the sidewalks beneath him. Visibly shaken, she
rose slowly to her feet, hesitating just a little too long.

Turning to watch her, Spike exploded. "I said, get your fuckin' clothes
off, bitch! We've got work to do! NOW!"

Deliberately, mechanically, she shrugged the leather halter from her
shoulders, then peeled the tiny skirt over her hips, letting it fall to
the floor. She stood before him, naked and dazed, wearing only the
black heels, afraid to imagine what he had in mind.

He strolled to the rack of outfits on the far wall, removing a
particularly tiny item from its hanger. Returning to her, he fastened
the narrow leather collar around her neck, then attached the six-foot
leash to it, tugging several times to test its strength.

"Let's go," he ordered, as he led her by the leash, disappearing
through the door into the hallway beyond. After several minutes, I
opened the door, hurrying across the dreary room to the window. Shaking
with anger and disgust, tears clouding my eyes, I watched him parade
her, naked, into the street.

Whistles and cheers rose in a sudden chorus as the bikers spotted them,
the outrageous display quickly drawing a small crowd. As a sea of
leather surrounded them, an imposing figure drifted from the growing
circle of bystanders to where Spike offered her to the highest bidder.
She sauntered boldly to face my wife, stopping two feet in front of
her. Well over six feet tall, she smiled cruelly at my wife, eyes
roving over her firm, naked body. 

Her resemblance to my wife was uncanny. Except for her towering height,
the hard, slim physique and black, cropped hair made them a perverse
match, silencing the circle of anxious spectators.

I continued to watch from the window as Spike spoke to my wife while
removing her leash, grinning excitedly at the stunning, statuesque
beauty. My wife went to her knees, reaching for the zipper at the side
of the lesbian's skin-tight pants. Then, with a few firm tugs, she
peeled the soft leather down over her long, muscular legs, pulling it
over both six-inch heels.

Kneeling before her, she placed a hand on each sculptured thigh, then
slowly traced a path to her moist slit. Parting the meaty labia with
both hands, she leaned forward, burying her mouth in the slick valley
between her shaking fingers. Her mouth and throat pulsed rhythmically
as she worked her tongue along the wet, swollen inner lips, then
plunging into her warm depths, finally circling the hardened clit with
the tip. Her customer grasped her hair with both hands, guiding her
mouth, forcing her face against her sopping cunt, while my wife
struggled to please her.

The scene below was almost surreal; my wife worked feverishly between
the beautiful dom's legs while the street filled with an ever
increasing crowd of eager onlookers. Spike was in his glory as he
watched his new possession, now defeated, willingly perform the
ultimate act of submission, a public display of her obedience.

Eyes closed, full lips parted, the panting amazon soon shared her
orgasm with her audience as she gyrated wildly against my wife's
face, now soaked with her juices. The crowd's "oohs" and "ahhs" quickly
turned to outbursts of cheers and applause as they watched her cum,
using my wife's wet, aching face until the violent orgasm finally
subsided.

She backed away from my wife as she recovered the leather pants, then
returned to Spike, handing him the money, retrieved from the small
pocket. After planting a quick kiss on his pale cheek, she turned and
disappeared into the cheering crowd, proud of her performance.

Spike returned to my wife, still kneeling on the street, her face shiny
with the secretions of her latest customer. Reaching down, he fastened
the leash to her collar, then, with a sudden jerk, pulled her to her
feet. The crowd parted as she followed him, many of its members bidding
for the next chance to sample her, begging Spike for her submission to
their depraved fantasies.

He led her through the frenzied crowd, domination and profit buoying
him to new heights of satisfaction; he, the proverbial piper, she,
the intoxicating lure that attracted the vermin that followed them.




                             - Part XVIII -


I turned away from the grimy window, shaking and defeated, after
watching Spike lead my naked wife through the crowd below. He towed
her down the middle of the busy street, putting her on public display,
a fantasy come true for every degenerate in sight.

Anger and frustration overwhelmed me as I descended the narrow
stairway. I exited the building unnoticed, the bikers now distracted by
the show Spike provided several blocks away. Entering the adjacent
alley, I jogged to the next street, desperately needing to escape
the humiliation and helplessness of the situation. My pulse raced as I
ran, my mind preoccupied by what I had just witnessed. The alley seemed
endless, as though I had entered another reality. I drifted as if in
slow motion as I tried to force my legs to move faster and faster.

The shrill squeal of tires jolted me, stopping me in my tracks as the
silver Mercedes appeared suddenly in my path. I stood three feet from
the now motionless car, panting and gasping for breath. The heavily
tinted rear window descended just enough to reveal part of the
occupant's face, hidden behind large, tortoise-shell rimmed dark
glasses.

"Get in," she said, urgently. I hesitated, remembering the last time
I was ordered to take a ride in a large, black limousine. Immediately
understanding my reluctance, the shadowed face moved to within inches
of the half-open window, quickly uttering the familiar words.
"Friend, we can help."

The door opened slightly as I reached for the handle, inviting me
inside. The driver pulled away quickly as I settled into the leather
seat, the force of the sudden acceleration pressing on my heaving
chest.

She eyed me quietly as I caught my breath, waiting for me to recover.
Removing the dark glasses, she replaced them with an untinted pair,
revealing her striking green eyes. The impeccable auburn hair was
pulled back tightly, giving her a "bookish" appearance. An
expensive tweed jacket and white silk blouse beneath it said she was
all business, a woman who knew what she wanted and exactly how to get
it. My attention was drawn to the long expanse of smooth, white thigh
freely displayed from under the brief skirt.

Soon we had circled the block and were headed back toward the noisy
crowd that surrounded Spike and my wife. The driver slowed as we
passed, allowing us to see through a gap in the spectators.

She was spread-eagled on the hood of a large car. A disgustingly obese
biker stood between her legs, holding her slim hips in his vise-like
grip as his monstrous body pounded her repeatedly. Each time his hips
slammed into her, bulging rolls of fat covering his tattooed body
continued to shake and quiver. Spike sat propped against the
windshield, her head in his lap. Her face glistened as he smoothed a
thick coating of cum over it, stopping occasionally to allow her to
suck his fingers clean. Her hair was completely drenched with the
thick, white goo, deposited there by the mob of bikers, now satisfied
just to spew their cum onto her face as Spike spread it over her
trembling lips.

Body shaking, mind slipping over the edge of reason, I reached for the
door. A firm hand grasped my wrist, retrieving me from the potentially
fatal mistake. "Not now," she said, her strong but sympathetic eyes
holding me as the driver accelerated past the disgusting scene into the
night.

Releasing her grip, she adjusted her skirt as she crossed her legs,
revealing more distracting flesh.

"My name is Alyssa. I've been designated your primary contact. I'm
a member of a group working desperately to fight the creatures
that have taken control of you and your wife. We need your help, if
you're up to it."

I nodded my head at once, still trying to absorb her words as she
continued in her sober, business-like manner.

"My husband and I were also once slaves of these creatures, as were
many of our group's members. He was a physicist, responsible for most
of our understanding of the demons and their world. I was his
assistant."

"Was?" I asked, expecting the worst from her answer.

"They killed him. His death was long and painful. I was forced to watch
him bleed to death as they stripped the skin from his body."

"I'm sorry," I muttered, wondering how she could possibly have the
strength to continue her pursuit.

"I've vowed to eradicate these creatures from our world, to use his
discoveries so that his death was not meaningless. I'll send them back
to hell, or die trying."

"What can I do?" I asked, the words "die trying" still ringing in my
ears.

"We've learned to control the portals they use to enter and leave our
world. We'll return later tonight - with a little surprise for Spike."

We drove into the city, finally stopping at a bustling Italian
restaurant with chairs and tables arranged under a bright green awning
over an open patio. We talked over heaping plates of pasta. I asked
endless questions; she answered them in a straightforward, emotionless
way, careful, I realized, to use terms I could easily understand.

"These creatures exist in a reality that is very different from ours.
Do you know anything about quantum mechanics?" she asked, her eyes
searching for a connection.

"Ah, no, not much," I answered, vaguely recalling the phrase from my
college chemistry.

"Wave-particle duality?" she continued.

"Um, kind of," I lied.

"Light behaves as either a wave or a particle, depending on the
experiment used to observe it. To our common sense, it can't exist in
both forms, but it does. This suggests that light is something so
different from our everyday reality that we can't yet comprehend
exactly what it is. They fall into the same category. It doesn't
matter whether you call their home 'hell' or another dimension. What
does matter is that my husband found a bridge from our world to theirs,
and that we can use it against them."

She continued to elaborate on the discoveries of her late husband,
often losing me as she attempted to keep the complexities of their work
from sounding like alchemy. I grew to admire her intelligence and
resolve, trying to imagine the loss she must have suffered, having
shared such a common bond with him. Her eyes seemed to give me
strength as she peered through the large glasses, her empathy
comforting me, preparing me for the still unknown tasks ahead of us
later that night.

The Mercedes sliced smoothly through the night as we returned to the
Grotto. During the long drive back, Alyssa explained her plan and what
was required of me. Slowing to a stop, the driver pulled to the curb
just a few doors away from my wife's building.

The street was nearly deserted as we entered the decaying structure and
climbed the stairs to my wife's room. Alyssa carefully inched the door
open and peered inside. Glancing back at me and nodding, she opened the
door and entered the room, motioning for me to follow.

She was asleep on the bed, her naked body showing the consequences of
the bikers' abuse. Strands of matted hair were glued to her face, the
remnants of dried semen clinging to her eyelashes and lips. Dark
bruises were beginning to appear on the insides of her thighs and
over her hips and stomach, painful reminders of the crowd's endless
violation of her helpless body.

Alyssa walked quickly to the bed, reaching out to place a hand on her
bare shoulder. My wife's eyes opened slowly, looking up at her; then,
rolling onto her back, she spread her legs, waiting for her newest
customer to take her turn.

Alyssa smiled at her, shaking her head as she helped her to her feet.
My wife's confusion turned to relief as she saw me arrive beside her,
tears streaming down her cheeks as she collapsed into my waiting arms.

We explained Alyssa's plan as she dressed, her face reflecting pure
terror as we unveiled the steps necessary to rid her of Spike's
cruelty. She knew our failure would result in her return to Spike's
world, where she would be tortured by demons whose brutality exceeded
her present suffering tenfold. Alyssa tried to reassure her, but her
attempts made little difference as my wife reluctantly followed us out
of the dismal room.

We descended the stairs to the ground floor, then down a darker flight
of stairs to the basement. Alyssa led us through several brick archways
to a small room containing the laboring furnace, rumbling and leaking
steam as it struggled to provide the aging building with a supply of
heat and hot water.

To the side of the roaring beast, fixed to the stone foundation, was a
large mirror, reflecting our images back at us as we stared into the
potential doorway to the creatures' abode.

Alyssa walked directly to the mirror, expertly connecting several clips
to the top and bottom edges, then attaching thin wires from the clips
to the small box she had placed nearby. She returned to me, handing me
the remote unit. Gazing at me intensely with her penetrating green
eyes, she replied, "Let's do it!"

I ushered my wife behind the furnace, where we watched through the maze
of twisting pipes rising from the hissing boiler.

Alyssa stood before the mirror, watching her reflection from a
dangerously short distance. She removed the jacket, then, slowly, began
to unbutton the silk blouse, finally discarding it on the floor beneath
her. Her white, rounded breasts hung invitingly, the large dark nipples
a stark contrast to the ivory flesh as we gaped at her reflection.
Quickly removing the short skirt and lace panties, she stood naked
before the now rippling surface of the full-length mirror. Both
delicate arms rose behind her head as her fingers worked to free the
tight knot of thick hair, allowing it to cascade about the soft
skin of her naked shoulders.

Shaking the mane of auburn hair free, she brought both hands to the
long slit between her parted thighs, slowly separating the outer labia
to present the wet, pink folds of her vulva to glowing eyes on the
opposite side of the mirror. A single finger from her right hand
entered the wet center, then moved slowly along the hooded clitoris,
causing it to swell and glisten as waves of liquid flowed from within
her. Her neck arched gracefully backward as a low "Ummmm" escaped her
supple throat. Her slim body swayed as her hips rocked to meet her
probing fingers, causing my cock to stir and thicken as I watched
beside my trembling wife.

Suddenly a pair of bony hands extended through the wavering surface of
the mirror, reaching for her inviting body as she writhed in self-
induced heat. Slowly, arms, shoulders, head, and torso passed through
the portal's shimmering plane. Spike pushed through his familiar entry
to our world, fascinated by this exquisite new prey, offering her
willing body as she masturbated for him.

Alyssa's eyes met mine just as she shouted, "Now!" I hit the remote
switch just as Spike was halfway through the portal. The flowing
surface pulsed once, then settled back to a solid, flat pane of glass,
trapping the monster between our world and his. He screamed in agony as
his body was severed, green liquid spewing over the mirror's surface.

"Nooo! Mother, please, help me! Aghhhh..."
His screams stopped suddenly as the visible portion of his body dropped
from the mirror to the floor, a puddle of thick, green slime flowing
from the gaping wound.

My wife began to cry hysterically as she approached his limp body
from behind the furnace. The horror was nearly unbearable as she
realized the creature that had sold her to an endless parade of abusive
customers was the same alien infant she had given birth to in the
monster's lair.

Alyssa ran to the mirror, then looked back at me, pointing at the
control in my shaking hand. "Open it, hurry!" she shouted. Quickly
flipping the switch in the opposite direction, I watched the
mirror shift and waver as the portal again opened.

She thrust her head and shoulders through the surface, then, lean white
muscles straining, she pulled the lower half of the demon's body back
through the mirror, allowing it to fall to floor with a dull thud.

She shook the green slime from her hands and arms, noticing our
surprised expressions.
"We can't leave body parts behind - they attract the creatures to the
portal, then lead them here, to us."

She stood facing us, back to the mirror, her slim, naked body
surrounded by the oozing fragments of her latest conquest. She seemed
oblivious to her striking nakedness, reveling in the satisfaction of
her gruesome kill.

My eyes widened in horror as I saw the huge figure squeeze through the
open portal behind her. I activated the control again, hoping to repeat
the plan that had left Spike a neatly severed corpse.

I was too late! The immense monster loomed before us, now even larger
and more sinister than when he last ejected us from his domain in a
furious rage.

Alyssa saw the fear that now paralyzed us, then turned slowly, looking
into the glowing red eyes of the giant demon.

Surveying the carnage before him, his gaze traveled from Alyssa to me,
then finally to my wife. Smiling slightly, he eyed her from head to
foot, amused by the outrageously revealing outfit from Spike's
collection.

"Come here, my dear," he ordered.

My wife hesitated, shaking violently as she stood beside me. The red in
his eyes intensified, causing her to gasp as he invaded her.
Surrendering to him, she paced across the room, stopping so close to
him that her breasts brushed his bulging chest with every deep breath.

Sensing her terror, he replied, "Ahh, you expect retaliation for your
part in the senseless destruction of your son. Life comes very cheaply
to us, my dear. Many others have grown to take this one's place in the
short time since his birth." Now grinning widely, he continued.
"Judging by your appearance, he has served us well!"

"Strip for me. I've always enjoyed watching your body respond as it
swells and drips with desire for me. I'm sure you've missed my special
talents."

She discarded the scraps of clothing, now standing inches from the
monster, totally naked and under his control. Raising both hands to her
nipples, he chuckled as he pulled and twisted them, hearing the low
moan escape her trembling throat.

"Yes, I knew you would be easy."

His huge hands traveled over her shoulders and neck, finally grasping
her head in his powerful grip. Pulling her mouth to his, he kissed her
brutally, mauling her lips and tongue as he held her helpless body. We
watched her shudder several times, then saw her hands enter his heavy
robe, finally caressing his meaty cock with greedy fingers.

She fell to her knees as he released her, fingers still dancing over
his rigid penis, now coaxed from the opening of his parted robe.

Turning his attention to Alyssa, his evil grin widened as he
recognized her face, then her body, as she stood defiantly before him.

"Before I kill you, show us one last time how you used to cum for me."
Her body spasmed, face wincing as he invaded her mind with his unheard
words.

She began to breathe deeply, thrusting her small, firm breasts forward,
hardening nipples rising from the smooth white globes. Her long, narrow
slit opened immediately, revealing wet, pulsing folds of flesh, now
dripping freely as she fought the lust he created.

Her entire body shook with uncontrollable desire, swaying breasts
quivering as her thighs glistened with juices that flowed from the
gaping hole between her legs.

"God damn you," she uttered, just seconds before the massive orgasm
descended on her. A long moan escaped her as her body twisted and
jerked helplessly, cumming and surrendering to his will. The monster
watched with satisfaction until she collapsed to her knees, exhausted
from the crushing spasms.

As she struggled to recover, his grin evaporated, replaced with a
somber stare.
"I should have destroyed you when I took your husband," he toned
menacingly through clenched teeth.

"Did you know that I keep his skull in my collection, as a trophy?"

"Fuck you!" she spat, glaring at him with unbridled loathing.

"Fuck that," he replied, his anger rising. Thin red beams of light
jumped from his eyes to hers, causing her to cry out as the pain
stabbed at her. She turned suddenly toward the furnace. The lean
muscles of her thighs and calves hardened as she fought his hold over
her. Haltingly, step after step, she approached the steam-filled stub
of pipe that jutted from the scalding boiler.

Now inches from the blistering surface, she released a frightening
"Noooo!" as he commanded her to take the sizzling phallus inside her.
She screamed in agony as he forced her closer, the sensitive tissues of
her exposed genitals inflamed from the scorching heat.

Without warning, the large mirror began to vibrate, threatening to
shake itself loose from the stone foundation. For the first time, I saw
fear in his eyes as he glanced first at the mirror, then back at
Alyssa.

"What have you done?" he roared, as he began to lose his control over
her.

She turned to face him, returning a look of hatred and satisfaction
that, for an instant, froze the beast where he stood.

He turned and ran toward the mirror as its surface softened and flowed.
Dragging my wife by the neck, he leaped into the portal, pulling her
through it after him to the safety of his own world.

Seconds later, a blinding, blue-white glow burst from the mirror,
causing my eyes to ache as I shielded them with both hands. I heard
Alyssa's cry as her body collided with mine, landing on top of me
against the far wall. Immediately the mirror exploded, sending a shower
of glass across the room. Razor sharp fragments rained down on us as we
lay against the wall, keeping our backs to the deadly storm.

I raised my head slowly as the last of the knifelike shards fell
around us, sounding oddly like the music of many wind chimes caught in
a sudden breeze. The weight of Alyssa's body pressed against me as I
looked cautiously about the room, echoes of the falling glass still
ringing in my ears. Her head lay motionless on my chest as scores of
tiny cuts over her lean back and buttocks oozed trickles of blood into
the curves and valleys of her ivory body.

Just as I was about to wake her, she was suddenly looking at me, those
determined emerald eyes causing my slowing pulse to quicken slightly.

"You OK?" she asked. "I think so," I croaked, trying to put aside the
effect her self-assured beauty was having on me. Her lips formed a warm
smile that tried to melt away any restraint that I had tried to muster.

She lifted her weight off me, standing, then helping me to my feet. I
saw her wince as the fire from the many cuts over her back found her,
now overcoming the adrenaline rush that had numbed the biting wounds.

"Did you...do that?" I asked.

"Well, not alone. Thirty minutes ago, over a hundred members of our
group each opened a portal and placed a device developed by my husband
on the other side. I placed mine when I recovered the remains of
Spike's body."

"I didn't notice," I replied.

"You, or anyone else, weren't supposed to. The devices 'tunnel' energy
from our reality to theirs, releasing it in a synchronized burst. It's
not quite like combining matter and antimatter, but the chain
reaction is thought to cause massive damage on the other side."

"My wife...is she..."

"I'm very sorry. We're not sure if the creatures really 'die', or just
retreat to a reality we don't yet understand; but a human wouldn't have
had a chance on the other side of the portal. She was an unexpected
variable; I had no idea he would take her back."

Without warning, the pain and anger engulfed me, crushing me as I began
to cry. They had finally won. My wife had been tortured and humiliated
for months, then was taken from me just as we found new hope for our
future together. Now she was gone, taken by the monster in one last
cruel attempt at revenge.

I felt Alyssa's arms around me as I stood there in shock and despair,
then felt her gentle sobs as her tears wetted my shirt. Were her tears
for her murdered husband, my lost wife, or sympathy for me? Maybe there
wasn't just one reason why either of us cried. Maybe we cried for
everyone. Maybe it was just the pain.

We parted company soon after leaving the Grotto. Riding together in
her car, we watched silently as the yawning door of the dilapidated
building shrank, eventually fading from sight. We sat quietly during
the ride to my home, neither of us speaking a word, our thoughts
occupied with the awful past and our uncertain futures.

As the car finally pulled to a stop in front of my house, I glanced at
her tear-streaked face, then, looking away, mumbled, "I, um, ah, ..."
I felt her hand land gently on my arm, stopping me in mid stammer.

"I'm sorry about your wife. If I could have done anything to save her,
I would have. Try to put this behind you. It won't be easy, but you can
do it. I did. I must go now."

Smiling with great effort, she squeezed my arm firmly, then released
me as the door opened.

"Have a good life," she offered warmly, as she placed the large dark
glasses over her reddened eyes.

I climbed from the car, then turned back, looking into a face that now
appeared as it did the first time we met, half hidden behind the smoky
lenses.

"Will they be back?" I asked.

She looked at me for a long time before answering.

"We'll watch and wait. Time will tell."

She reached for the door, closing it with a soft thud, leaving me
staring at the tinted window. As the car pulled from the curb, the
window lowered a few inches, allowing a narrow shaft of daylight into
the dark interior. She looked back as the car picked up speed, the dark
lenses hiding pools of tears rising in those unforgettable green eyes.




                              - Epilogue -


I've struggled to put the past events behind me as Alyssa suggested. As
the weeks and months drag on, the pain is slowly beginning to fade,
although I'm sure the effect the past has had on me will be long-
lasting. Looking into any mirror fills me with gnawing anxiety, and I
will always search for a slight gleam of red in the eyes of anyone I
meet.

I reported my wife as "missing" soon after the incident. The
authorities asked all the typical questions; I answered in half-truths
and lies, knowing the real story would probably put me in prison or a
mental hospital. After a week or two, they stopped asking, telling me
they would keep the case open, but "not to hold my breath". I didn't.

Three months later I would open my door to find those pleading, green
eyes looking back at me as the late afternoon sun spread a brilliant
halo about her glistening hair.

"Can I come in? Can we talk?" Alyssa asked.

The ambivalence I felt at the first sight of her was unnerving. The
excitement of her warm smile brought with it a flood of memories I had
only just started to forget. We spent the day talking, finally making
plans to see each other again.

We became close friends, then, after a long time, devoted lovers.

As I hover over her tonight, she reaches up to me, chasing away bits of
the past that still leak through the walls I've built against it.
Adjusting her long body under mine, she raises her narrow hips to meet
me, welcoming the last inch of my erection inside. Her hands move over
my shoulders and chest, skilled fingers dancing, electrified, over the
surface of my skin. Withdrawing slowly, I pause, then begin to fill her
again at the same even pace, hearing her quiet moan when I'm again
tight against her. Those maddening fingers trail over my stomach,
continuing down, entering the small space between us when I again pull
away. Lightly, delicately, she caresses my tightening sac, returning
me inside her as she tugs at me.

I'm lost in the pleasure she gives me, taken to another place as my
orgasm beckons. A slight twinge in my groin startles me, then a long
steady ache from my scrotum shakes me from my impending release.

Blinding pain suddenly engulfs me. I look for the source in confusion,
finding her grinning face staring up at me with red glowing eyes. Now
panic-stricken, I claw at the sheets, trying to escape the demon as it
clutches me tightly, its deep laughter pouring from her exquisite
mouth.

I break free, landing on my back; now paralyzed, I'm unable to escape.
I begin to scream as it approaches me, now closing in on its helpless
prey.

Opening my eyes one last time, I hear the echoes of my own terror
hanging in the air about me. Soft hands cradle me, and a gentle
"Shhh" floats down from Alyssa's worried face, waking me from the
hideous dream, a nightmare that will be a part of us for the rest
of our lives.



THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  QuantumLeap


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





