BDSM Library - Sex Slave Sorority Sisters




Sex Slave Sorority Sisters
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Innocent girl was brought to join the Sorority Sisters and became everyone's play thing. No hard BDSM scene.
Sex Slave Sorority Sisters by shvedjerry@aol.com




Sex Slave Sorority Sisters
Chapter 1

Arcelia was scared.  She was standing in front of the Admissions building at one of the largest
universities in California.  Located above the cliffs of La Jolla, California, it was the perfect
setting for the coming out of a Catholic school virgin.  Below the cliffs was the world famous
Black's Beach that drew thousands of naked bodies on a hot day.  Mexico was nearby with its
international markets.  And of course, there were men here.
Arcy had been locked away at St. Cecilia's since she had been thirteen and the Sisters had made
sure that the girls stayed as pure  as snow.  With the money that her father paid for the schooling,
it was guaranteed.  This time she had rebelled though.  No more of giggling little girls.  She would
now see what the real world had to offer.
Arcy thought that she was attractive but it was hard to know since she had only competed against
the little scared rabbits at school.  The frumpy uniforms sure didn't show anyone to advantage. 
Bracing herself, she entered the madhouse of registration.  Lines snaked around the room as
students tried to get all the required freshman courses and not get overwhelmed.  It took several
hours and sore feet but as last she had her schedule in hand.  She still had to check into the dorm
before the evening and find where to buy food.  
After getting lost several times, she found the girl's dorm.  When she was shown to her room, she
fell upon the hard bed and thought that she was back at the girls school.  The room was painted in
industrial strength green and wasn't much bigger that a large walk-in closet.  At least, there would
be no Mother Superior to constantly check on you, she thought.  
Loud rock n' roll music blasted her back into reality.  Standing in the doorway was the epitome of
Southern California young women.  The blonde coed was deeply tanned with bright blue eyes. 
Her large breasts were barely covered by a tube top that was too thin not to show pointed nipples
and dark circles.  The shorts looked as though they had been painted on her round ass.  She
carried a duffle bag and a large boom box.
"God, what a fucking dump!" said the girl.  "You must be my roomy, I'm Stacy, how are you
doing."  "What's your name honey, jeez aren't you hot with all those clothes on?"  "I bet you look
foxy in a bikini!"
Arcy just stood there staring at the ball of energy.  The girl was beautiful.  Was this the way she
would have been if she hadn't been locked up all these years?  
"I'm...I'm Arcy" she replied softly.  "I only wore these clothes because they are all I have."  "I
don't know what I look like in a bikini, I've never had one!".
Stacy laughed loudly.  "Boy, did I overwhelm you?"  "You must be the girl from the Catholic
school."  "Well, we have plenty of time to whip you into shape."  "Maybe you can go with me
when we rush."  "Anything will be better than living here!"
Arcy had not even thought of joining a sorority but it would be nicer to live in a big house  than
this sterile atmosphere.  If she had a guide as self-confident as Stacy, she would make the effort to
learn the ways of the modern girl and fit it.
Stacy had loaned her some clothes to go rushing with and she felt naked even if all the essential
parts were covered.  The cutoff T-shirt barely came over her breasts.  Stacy had told her not to
wear a bra, but she still was too shy to even think about it.  A short denim skirt and sandals
completed her ensemble.  She had to admit that when she looked in the mirror, a different person
was looking back.  
It was nice and warm and she could smell the ocean as they walked down Sorority row.  Many of
the houses all seemed to offer the same basic package.  Girls of all shapes and sizes and looks
gave little speeches about the benefits of belonging to there group.  Stacy and Arcy reached the
last house  on the row.  It stood a little back from the others and seemed to be a little more
opulent.  Most of the cars outside were new and expensive.  Arcy thought that this might be out
of their range but Stacy wanted to see the inside.  
When she walked into the living room, she thought they had walked into a modeling agency
showroom.  Every one of the girls was stunning.  Golden tans looked like uniforms on the
beautiful sisters which set off their gold and fabulous clothes.  A stunning redhead welcomed them
both to Sigma Pi and gave them a glass of wine.
"I see you finally found where you belong" she said.  "You both have the one quality you need to
join us, good looks" the girly with the red hair told them.  "You'll also find out we date the best
looking guys who have all the money."  "Makes for a nice way to spend four years, don't you
think?"  "We also have a lot of friends on the faculty, who make it easier for us if you know what I mean."
"Susan, what are you telling these two nice young ladies," a dark blond  tall girl asked her.  "We
do have to go to class like anyone else" but she said it in such a way that Arcy was not really sure
if she were serious.  "Hi, my name is Mimi, I'm the president and I think you would make nice
additions to our group." 
Stacy was grinning like a chesire cat and Arcy thought that there was something that she knew
that Arcy was not being let in on.  She, however, was determined not to be so shy and was going
to try everything.  Arrangements were made for them to come back that evening for the formal
process.  Leaving the house, she felt a little more adult.  She was making her own decision and
was going to lead her own life.  With Stacy's help, she would be 90's girl even if she didn't really
know what it took.
Back in the dorm room, Stacy was jumping on the bed.  "This is great, we are going to be invited
to join the best fucking sorority on campus."
"Stacy, we are not in yet" Arcy tried to tell her.
"Arcy, don't you know anything?" "This group only cares about looks!"  "That's why it is such a
neat house, no shit about grade point average "  "And with  your body and looks, we're in."
"Stacy, you keep saying that but I'm not that good looking."
"Are you crazy, do you look at yourself?" "Come over her and look in the mirror and tell me what
you see."
Arcy slowly walked over to the full length mirror on the wall and looked.  Stacy came behind her
and placed her hands on both sides of her face.
"Let's look at what we have here, you have beautiful long black hair, dark blue eyes, lips that
swell up when you pout and skin to die for."  "Now take off your T-shirt."
Arcy froze up when she heard this.  She hadn't really been naked with other people, even the other girls.
"Come on you sissy, I'm going to drag your ass down to the nude beach anyhow and I don't like
wearing many clothes myself, so you better get used to being naked."  "Here, I'll show you how
easy it is."   Stacy reached down and pulled the tube top off with one motion.  Her breasts were
large and bounced as they were freed.  The nipples were large and puffy.  A hard nub in the center
stood at full attention and pointing toward the ceiling.  Quickly the pants were skinned down her
long legs revealing no tan lines.  A small blonde patch of pubic hair stood aver the small fleshy lips
of her pussy.  She threw her arms out and twirled around on her toes. "So what do you think, am
I hot?"  "Guys come just from looking at me!"
Arcy was turning beet red with embarrassment but couldn't take her eyes off this gorgeous
creature.  Stacy had no modesty as rubbed her hands over her firm boobs and smacked her ass
hard with her own hands.
"Now, I want to see you" Stacy whispered to Arcy and came behind her.  Arcy felt the breasts
pushing into her back.  Stacy's hands grabbed the T-shirt and pulled it over Arcy's head before she
could protest.  The denim skirt was unbuttoned and Arcy stepped out of it.  
"Where did you get this underwear," Stacy giggled looking at the white cotton bra and panties? 
"We'll go up to Hollywood and get you some sexy stuff." 
Arcy felt the bra unsnapping and the straps sliding down her shoulders.  Stacy's hands slid under
Arcy's arms and cupped the large white breasts that came into view in the mirror. 
"God, these are huge, why do you hide these?"  Arcy was stiff but the dark red nipples were
growing hard and large as Stacy pinched them with her fingers.  "Guys would pay to see these
beauties" Stacy told her.  One  more  motion and the cotton panties were pulled down her leg. 
There she stood in front of the mirror with her dark muff visible.  Stacy's hands were sliding down
the  ribs and cupping the firm white  ass of Arcy.  Everytime she squeezed one of the cheeks,
Arcy would take a deep breath.  This was against everything that she had been taught.  She felt
the moisture growing inside her pussy and when Stacy's hand reached it, she felt her legs grow weak. 
"You're wet, that's cool" whispered Stacy in her ear.  "Turn around."
Arcy slowly turned with her eyes down.  Stacy lifted her chin and looked into her eyes. 
"I want your body Arcy," "You turn me on, you are so beautiful."  She opened her mouth and
gave Arcy a hot tongue to handle.  Stacy's arms were around Arcy and pushed the breasts of the
two girls together.  Arcy felt herself losing the battle to resist.  It felt so good, the hot tits pushing
against her own.  The nipples felt like they were on fire.  She found her own hands stroking the
tan ass of Stacy.  Stacy pushed her back until the bed hit her behind her legs and she toppled
backwards.  Stacy took advantage of this and attached her mouth to the hard red nipple of the
right breast.  Arcy let out a moan and a sigh. 
Stacy whispered to her "that's right baby, get nice and juicy, learn how to make love to women." 
After she sucked on both breasts for about five minutes, she slowly started down the stomach. 
Her hot tongue traced the undersides of the young firm breasts and then once more crept
downward.  A ripple of pleasure went through her spine when the tongue hit the navel.  Arcy
could not move she was so wound up now.  When she felt the fingers and lips hit her pussy lips,
she had to arch her back it felt so good.  Hot breath blew on the sweet lips and then the fingers
started to play with the lips below.  Her cleft was pulled open and then Stacy's tongue found it's
way inside.  Arcy knew that Stacy was an expert in this, she had to be.  Where had she learned
this  Arcy wondered as Stacy's tongue flicked over Arcy's hard clit.  Stacy took one of the pussy
juice coated finders and slid in between the tight ass cheeks.  Arcy lost it when the slippery finger,
lubricated with the juice from her own pussy, slid into her back tunnel.  
"Ooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, God" Arcy yelled. "Ohhhss stop, I can't stand it!"
Stacy never slowed, but actually started to thrash her head back and fourth slamming her tongue
deeper each time.  Her mouth was like a suction device sucking out the sweet nectar.  The free
hand now was grabbing and squeezing the heaving breast of the virgin.  When Arcy felt she could
not take anymore, Stacy suddenly removed her mouth.  This was followed by the weight on the
bed shifting.  Before she knew what had happened, Stacy had placed her blonde pussy on top of
her mouth.  The tan lips were being pushed over the lips and teeth of Arcy.
"Suck my pussy, baby" Stacy told her and went back to work on Arcy's cunt.  Arcy put her
tongue out and tried to copy what Stacy was doing.  The pussy above her face tasted sweet and
she found it enjoyable to kiss it like she would a boy's mouth.  The twitching in her own pussy
drove her to start pushing her own tongue into the smooth tan flesh.  Stacy's thighs were getting
tight around her head and she could not move her head.  Arcy's hands reached up and grabbed the
hard ass of her new roommate.  Suddenly, it came.  Her first climax snuck up on her and hit her
like a thunderbolt.  She froze and started to scream. "OOOOOOOOOOhhhhhhh Goddd,  
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh God."
Stacy reacted by grinding her cunt as hard as she could into Arcy's face and rocketing back and
fourth until she also became verbal.  "I'm coming....ohh  my pussy, is coming, My juicy pussy is
coming all over your face, lick me baby, suck me."  She was bucking like a lady on a horse, froze
and then collapsed on top of Arcy.  Like little kittens, they lay there, giving tender little licks to
the pussy in front of them.  
When Arcy finally could breathe normally, she whispered to Stacy who was stroking Arcy's
pulsating pussy, "Stacy, where did you learn to do this?"
Stacy hesitated for a second and then told her softly.  "My aunt and uncle taught me all about sex
last summer."
"Your aunt!" Arcy exclaimed in a shocked voice.
"Don't get so excited" Stacy told her.  "I was staying at their house while my parents were in
Europe."  "I had the run of their house during the day."  "I loved to sunbathe naked by the pool
while they were out."  "It was so peaceful in that secluded area that I kind of forgot that anyone
else was around."  "I was rubbing oil on my fair skin so I wouldn't burn." "The oil felt so good
that I kept rubbing it into my breasts."  "I noticed that my nipples were really getting hard and that
I was getting turned on!"  "I kept pouring oil on my boobs and it started to run down my
stomach."  "When I started to rub that in, my hand started to brush the top of my cunt hair." 
"With the rubbing and the breeze blowing on my nipples, I was really getting into this." "I was
hoping a pool boy or someone could come by and give me a good fucking but I knew that no one
would be showing up."
"Did you do this often" Arcy whispered in an excited voice? "Lay out naked and play with yourself?"
"Every chance I could" laughed Stacy. "I've always loved playing with my body, since I was
twelve or thirteen."  "I swear my pussy is on fire twenty-four hours a day."
"Anyhow, there I was with my fingers rubbing my hot slit and the other hand grabbing at my oily
boobs."  "I must have been squealing like a pig because I didn't hear the car come into the
driveway."  "There I was with my hand jammed up my cunt."  "When I looked up, there they were
grinning at me."  "I tried to yank my hand out but she put her hand on top of mine and told me
not to stop."  "Did I mention that my aunt is only a few years older than me?"  "And you should
see my uncle." "He is a real stud."  "Every time he went swimming, I got hot staring at his
crotch."  "Anyhow, he came up behind her and started to rub her tits." "She kept her hand on top
of mine and started moving my hand back into my pussy." "She was breathing really hard while
her husband was undoing her blouse revealing really big tits." "And get this Arcy, the nipples were
pierced!" "They had gold hooks in them and a chain that hung between the two of them."  "He
pulled on the chain and she started to moan and ask him to strip her."  "He yanked down her
shorts and I saw she had a rose tattoo above her little shaved cunt." "My uncle told me that they
were nudists and swingers, so I didn't really have to cover myself up if I didn't want to."  "This
was great for me since I have always loved being naked."  "I was embarrassed by my fingers up
my pussy, but my aunt started told me that there was nothing wrong with giving myself pleasure
and started stroking my face.".  "I started to say something to her when I felt my uncle's face
between my legs."  "I wasn't sure if I should let him do that when my aunt started to kiss me."
"You mean like you kissed me?" whispered Arcy.
"Yes, a real soul kiss" Stacy replied.  "It took me by surprise but it sure turned me on."   "It felt so
good, I just spread my legs and let my uncle stick his hot tongue up my pussy."  "With both their
hands grabbing my tits, I just let go."  "My aunt told her husband to move out of the way, she was
going to teach her little niece how to suck on pussy."  "She really knew how to use her mouth and
my clit felt like it would burst."  "Her tongue felt like a butterfly on my clit." "I would have started
screaming but suddenly my uncle's huge dick was being pushed into my mouth." "God, it was
huge, I could barely get the head into my mouth!"
Arcy's fingers were now rubbing Stacy's little slit hard.  Juice was coating her fingertips and she
knew the story was turning them both on. "Go on Stacy, tell me more."
"His balls were bouncing on my chin as I sucked his hot meat into my throat."  "Auntie's teeth
were nipping as the pussy lips when I let loose with a load of pussy juice." "She just lapped at me
until she had taken it all."  "Once again she told my uncle to move and she sat on my gasping
mouth."  "Her pussy was soaking wet when she rammed it on my face." "I was determined to
show her I could learn and I began to lick and suck her cunt like she had done mine."  "If I would
have screamed when my uncle's big dick started to push into me, I could have woken the whole
neighborhood  if it wasn't for that dripping slot on my face."  "He was fantastic as she rammed my
pretty little blond pussy."  "I was bucking like a horse when it started to swell and I thought he
was going to shoot it into me."  But just when I started to come, he pulled his cock out and
brought it up to my aunt's face." "He started shooting it all over her face as she gobbled as much
as she could."  "What she didn't catch fell on my face." "Auntie saw this and licked all she could
see from my grinning face."  "After that, most of the summer was spent naked as they showed me
everything there is to know about sex."  "They showed me how to get fucked in the ass, how to
fuck a guy with a dildo, how to eat pussy, everything a girl needs to know."
"Who did you use a dildo on?" Arcy asked.
"Arcy, say the word FUCK" Stacy told her. "Stop talking like a little girl!"
"Ok, who did you ....fuck" Arcy let the words roll off her tongue.
"My uncle" Stacy told her.
"Him?" Arcy said in surprise?
"Oh yeah, you'd be amazed how many guys like it up the ass if can get them to admit it."
"I served as a naked little maid when they had their swinging parties." "Everybody loved me." "I
even learned about the kinky stuff."
"You mean more kinky than what you just told me" Arcy asked incredulously?  "What more could
you have learned?"
"I got to use a whip on my uncle's ass, that's what."  "They both liked to have it rough once in a
while and they showed me how to play."  "I tell you Arcy, wearing a strap on cock and fucking
some guy in the ass is a great way to get back at them" Stacy laughed.  "Makes them appreciate
you a little more."   "Maybe I'll take you there on spring break." "They have these giant swing
parties and you have as much sex as you want."
"No, I don't think I'll ever be ready for that" Arcy quickly assured her.  "Just this is beyond
anything I would have ever thought of!"  "Now show me hot to eat pussy one more time and then
we will put on some clothes and go get dinner."




Sex Slave Sorority Sisters
Chapter 2

Arcy sat at the little desk in the dorm looking at the schedule.  Most of the classes seemed to be
hard.  "How am I going to take all these subjects and still have time for a life?" she groaned.  "The
whole four years will be spent doing homework!"
"Oh, don't worry about that shit" yelled Stacy. "We're here to have fun."
"That's easy for you to say, but my dad would kill me if I don't get all good grades" Arcy protested.
"Why do you worry so much about what your father thinks" wondered Stacy. "I don't." She was
sitting naked at the edge of the bed drying her hair.  The toweling made her big breasts jump
around as the little drops of water rolled down the tan flesh.  The cool air made the nipples
pointed and hard.  Her legs were spread to allow the cool air to hit her pouting pussy lips.  This
was a girl that was made for nudity.  A knock on the door made her jump. 
"I'll get it" Stacy said and went to the door, not bothering to cover herself. There in the doorway
stood one of the Sigma Pi sisters wearing a bikini top and bicycle shorts.  She looked Stacy up
and down with obvious lust. 
"I'm Carol, and I was sent to tell you to be at the house tonight if you want to be a sister of Sigma Pi."
"We're in!" shouted Stacy and hugged the brown haired cute girl.  She ran over and grabbed Arcy
and shook her.  "Pack up your stuff, we're going to be sisters"
"Wear a nightgown only when you come" Carol told them. "Nothing else is permitted." "Be there
at 8". She turned and wiggled her cute butt down the hall.
It seemed like days before the two of them were driving over to the house.  Arcy felt weird
driving over in a plain nightgown but Stacy thought nothing of driving around in a short
transparent pink teddy.  They got some howls from the boys when they went into the house. 
Stacy gave them a little tit shake but Arcy just raced to the door.  Entering the house, they saw
approximately seven other girls sitting on the couch.  They were all wet dream material.  Some
were modest and some were practically nude.  After a few minutes the lights were dimmed and
they were led into the basement of the house.  Candles provided the only light as they were led
down the steps.       The sisters all wore short purple robes. They stood, each holding a black
candle. In front of them was a large white rug. The pledges were led into the circle and pushed to
their knees each facing one of the senior sisters.  
"This is so corny" whispered Stacy to Arcy.  A crack was heard and Stacy jumped up.  "Fuck it,
what was that" she cried rubbing her ass where a red mark was.
"Quiet you little slut" commanded a tall blond girl who held a long black riding crop.  "You don't
talk in here, now get back on your knees."
Stacy quietly got back on her knees, while rubbing her sore ass.  In the background a record was
playing a record by Liz Phar called "Fuck and run."  The tall blonde walked into the circle.
"You have been chosen to be little sisters of Sigma Pi.". "Tonight you will show is you are worthy
to join." "Take off your robes and give them to me." 
The lingerie was handed to the senior and they were handed to another girl.   
"Burn them" she commanded.  "Pledges are not allowed clothes while in the house." 
"When you go out, we will pick your clothes for you."  "If you violate these rules, you may get
your little ass treated like Stacy's was."  
Boobs bounded into view as the freshmen women stripped.  "Now stand up and turn in a circle"
ordered the blond woman.  
They did this while the other sisters watched and evaluated each one.  Soon hands snaked out and
pulled the girls before the ladies in the purple robes.  Each of the pledges had their hands pulled
behind them and handcuffed with cold steel.  Some of the girls, especially Arcy, started to get a
little frightened,  but Stacy looked like nothing was happening out of the ordinary.  
The blond leader now told the pledges "We are now going to shave your little pussies."  "Sisters
of Sigma Pi do not have disgusting pubic hair."  Bowls of hot water were brought to the circle
along with razors and scissors.  The pledges looked at each other in shock.  Junior members went
to the senior girls and pulled off their purple robes.  The senior girls were all wearing leather
corsets that pushed their breasts upward.  Below the waist, only naked female flesh showed.  All
of these beautiful women had clean shaven cunts. From the outer lips of the smooth pussies in
front of them hung little gold rings from which dangled the sorority symbols. 
"Only seniors get to have the sacred piercing of their pussies." "Some day you may be so lucky."
"Pledges will also shave the older girls whenever they need it" commanded the president.  "We
will now start  on your own little cunts." 
The pledges were placed on their backs and other sisters held their legs open.  Scissors clipped
and lather was being applied to the little love holes.  Soon pink flesh was revealed in all different
shapes and different sizes.  One of two of the girls who had especially heavy bushes had razor
nicks on their newly shorn pussies but the older sisters would lovingly wipe it away with a towel. 
The new sisters felt the cool breeze on their smooth flesh of their pussies and knew they would
not have any pubic hair for four years if they were to be members of this group.  
"You are also not allowed to have any tan lines" said the leader.  "Now that you are all done,
show the older sisters how happy you are not to be hairy anymore." She reached out and pulled
the head of Stacy toward her own shaved cunt.  Stacy did not hesitate to push her face into the
smooth flesh and suck.  Other girls were not so quick to follow the example but soon all were
nuzzling damp folds of cunt.  The older sisters held the backs of the heads and pushed as the
rocked back and forth. They let the little girls suck pussy for ten minutes that pushed them back. 
Arcy's face was shining with love juice and she was breathing hard.  Her own pussy was
dripping with desire but she could not touch it with her hands behind her. 
"We have a demonstration of what will happen to you if you do not follow the rules of our
sisterhood."  "Sister Ann went to the beach with friends and wore a bathing suit."  "Now she has
disgusting tan lines on her ass."  While she said this, a brown haired naked girl with large dark
eyes was led into the circle.  There was a collar around her neck attached to a chain. 
"Not only that, but her pussy has hair on it."  There was a tiny big of growth on the lips of this
cute girl.  Her eyes were covered with a leather blindfold and a large red ball was held in her
mouth by a leather strap around the head.  The young pledges looked on in amazement and horror
as she was led to the wall of the basement. Her handcuffed hands were attached to hooks in the
wall far above her head.  Silver chains hung from the ceiling that held heavy metal clips.  These
were clamped on the hard nipples of the unfortunate girl. They made the compressed nipples turn
a dark purple color.  Her feet barely could touch the ground.  The junior sisters stepped back and
Mimi approached her holding a short black whip in her hand.
"We will now give sister Ann a lesson on obeying orders" she announced.  With a quick flick of
her hand, the leather straps snaked out and cracked the slightly lighter flesh of this firm young ass. 
The sound of the whip echoed in the room followed by the muffled yell of the punished sister. 
Mimi administered a stream of hard smacks on the now white and red streaked ass. Each
movement of the blindfolded girl would pull the chain and her nipples would be pulled
far out from the skin. The interesting part is that the girl receiving the whipping actually seemed
to be pushing her ass out toward the whip rather than shrinking from it.  When her pretty ass was
a criss cross pattern of red streaks the whipping stopped.  When her hands were untied, she
shoved her hands into her crotch and pushed her fingers deep into own cunt.  She shivered as her
hands plunged into the wet slippery flesh.  A tremor went through her and then she slumped to
her knees.  Other sisters came up to her and lifted her.  She was led away by a group of girls who
were stroking her lashed cheeks with their fingers.  They were kissing her breasts and neck.  The
young pledges were not sure as to what they had witnessed.  Was this punishment or some kind
of beautiful pleasure?  Had she really broken rules on purpose just to receive the punishment? 
Arcy and Stacy were now in a highly excited state not knowing what new thing would happen to them.  




Sex Slave Sorority Sisters
Chapter 3

"Now girls, we are going to go on a little ride."  "The sisters will help you get ready."  
Several sisters brought out a large collection of leather corsets, boots and dark stockings.  Busy
hands placed the corsets around the naked torso of the pledges.  Nipples were pinched and butts
were grabbed while all of this was going on.  The corsets barely covered the nipples and left most
of the asses exposed.  The naked pussy was only covered by the length of the corset but anyone
below waist level would have seen the clean shaven lips. Long shiny boots were pulled onto the
feet of the young scared girls.  When the dressing was done, the seven girls looked
like a chorus line from bondage heaven. Their hands remained behind them in the handcuffs which
helped to push their breasts up in the cups.  
"Get into the van in the garage" Mimi ordered.  The older sisters put their purple robes back on
but the pledges wore only what they had on.  There were no windows in the van and they drove
out to the suburbs in the large vehicle.    Soon they were in the suburbs north of San
Diego.  They pulled into the parking lot of small liquor store next to an adult book store and
theater.  A massage parlor completed this run down shopping center. Only a few cars were in the
lot.  The president to the sorority turned to Stacy. 
"Stacy, you will go get some beer for the girls, here's some money."  
"But I'm practically naked and my hands are tied" Stacy protested. "How can I do that?" 
" So  you are, now "get."  Mimi took some money and shoved it down the front of the leather
corset.  The van door slid open and Stacy slowly got out into the cool night air.  She darted into
the store and she knew her whole face was red.  The young man behind the counter almost fainted
when the leather bound, almost naked goddess entered the store.
"Give me some beer quick" Stacy said breathing hard.  The clerk fumbled around with the bag but
kept his eyes on the heaving breasts of the blond babe.
"That's eight dollars" he whispered to her.  "Where's your money?"
"It's in my corset, I guess you will have to get it since my hands are tied."  
"I don't see any money" stammered the teenage boy.  "Your tits are so big, I can't see anything". 
"Put your fingers down there and get it" Stacy told him in a soft sexy voice.
The clerk looked at the corset but saw no money that was visible.  He tried to get his
hands between the tan flesh but found it too tight.  Undoing the lacing and clasps of the top
allowed him to finally reach the money but this also allowed Stacy's hot pink nipples to pop into
view. The cut of the leather pushed them out over the edge.  The young man could hardly count
the money and a bulge was growing in his jeans.  
"You don't have enough here" he told her.  "The case is eight dollars and there is only five here."
"But I only have five"  Stacy whimpered.
"Then I guess you will have to work it out in trade, is that ok" came a voice from the door.  It
was the senior leader with a devilish smile on her face. "If that is ok with you" she smirked at the clerk.  
"Sure" he gulped.
"Go ahead Stacy, suck this poor boy's cock and pay for  the beer" ordered the older girl.  
Stacy went behind the counter and the clerk helped her get down on her knees. The clerk fumbled
with his zipper and then pulled his pants open to reveal a huge cock.  As soon as Stacy's open
mouth touched the flesh it grew and grew until it was throbbing at its full 10 inches.  
"Suck him off good, pledge." "Let's see how much of that nice cock you can take."  Stacy
knew this was one thing she did well.  Her uncle had been a good teacher.  Opening her pink lips
even more, she slowly let the hot flesh enter her throat.  The large head of his cock was now
touching the back of her throat and she had to breathe through her nose.  Slurping sounds grew
loud as she increased the suction on the male organ. She let her teeth lightly scrape but barely
touch the hot flesh.  Her tongue was swishing against the large head of the prick.  Stacy knew
how to give a mean blow job and she was going to show the leader of the gang how good she
was.  Her head moved side to side and back and forth and she knew that it would not be long for
this poor victim to blow his load of creamy hot cum.  He was moaning and whispering about how
much he loved her.  When he let out a yell, Stacy knew that the cum was here.  It blasted against
the back of the throat.  It tasted good and salty and she swallowed eagerly.  Some of the hot load
was running down her mouth and dripping from her chin onto her large tits.  Her mouth was
clamped around the fleshy head and she wanted to keep it there.  A hand went under her arms
and she was pulled up. 
"That's enough for that miserable man, pledge" the senior told her. "Get back in the van."  They
left the store leaving the clerk with his pants around his ankles and a dazed look on his face.  The
girls in the van took the beers that Stacy had earned. The senior grabbed Stacy's face and gave a
tongue kiss.  "Northing like beer and cum, right pledge?" 
Arcy could only stare at her fried. Her boobs were hanging free in the night air and there was a
white cream on her chin. Her eyes were full of fire though and she knew that Stacy had passed her  test.  




Sex Slave Sorority Sisters
Chapter 4

Arcy was in a state of shock but thought that this part was over.  She could not believe her ears
when Mimi told her "Now Arcy, I think I would like a video about eating pussy." "Go in and ask
the clerk for a good pussy eating film."  "Tell them you want a film that has shaved pussies in it."  
Arcy could not do this, she was frozen.  
"Do you want to be a sister?"  "Then do it."  
Arcy felt like she was going to die when she was pushed out of the van.  The vice-president of the
sorority had pushed her money up under the corset above her shorn cunt.  She never looked up
until she was in the store.  A female clerk with short black hair was behind the desk and a few
men were standing around looking at magazines.        
"Kind of underdressed aren't you" laughed the clerk.  The men grinned and stared at the trembling
girl in leather and handcuffs who stood in front of the counter.  
"I need a pussy eating film with shaved pussies" Arcy whispered to the clerk.  
"You like pussy baby?" one of the men yelled. 
The other men laughed and moved close.  
" I have a nice one for you honey," the clerk said and went to the shelf and got a video.  She
brought it back and showed it to Arcy.  The cover showed a woman with her legs spread and
another with her tongue deep inside.  She stood touching Arcy and stared into her eyes. "How
about this one honey?" "See the nice clean pussy that the other girl is snacking on?" "Looks nice doesn't
it?"  Arcy mumbled that yes is was nice and tried to move away from the lady.
"Where's your money?" the clerk asked.  
"It's pushed up under my corset" whispered Arcy.  Her face was now flaming hot.  The
embarassment and the sexual tension was overwhelming.  She hoped that the clerk would take
some pity on her.  
"I love this" the clerk said and pushed her fingers under the edge of the garment. 
Slowly her hands searched under the tight leather outfit unitl she felt the money. She pulled the
bills out but before she totally removed her fingers, they ran across the newly shaved pussy.  
"Oooh baby, no wonder you want a shaved
pussy film."  "This feels really nice." "Hey boys, this little tramp has a nasty little shaved cunt.  
The men now had formed a circle around Arcy and she felt their hands stroking her bare ass and
back.  Someone's hand came from under backside and was stroking her bald snatch.  Another man
was licking the back of her neck.  The clerk reached into the counter and pulled out a huge black dildo.  
"Maybe the little girl would like this also" she told Arcy.  "Since you don't seem to have use of
your hands, you can carry it here."  
To the cheers of the male customers, the plastic dick was placed in the damp crease of Arcy's
pussy and pushed in.  Her pussy was now so wet it didn't take any effort for the clerk to push it all
the way in. The male population of the store was now getting very turned on by this real life
sex show.  The clerk took Arcy's head in her hands and tenderly kissed Arcy's lips. Arcy was state
of total shock and could only sway in sexual intensity.  She was mortified to be here but the desire
and lust was overpowering.  Years of repression were leaving and she wanted sex now.  The
black fake cock vibrating against the walls of her virgin pussy.  She felt the naked dick of the one
customers pushing against the checks of her ass. Another grabbed at her breasts and pinched the
nipples.  The clerk had opened her shirt to show small hard tits with long nipples.  She pushed
Arcy's head down to these hard nubs.  
"You like pussy baby?"  "So do I."  "I like any kind of flesh." "Lick it girl, lick my tits." One of the
men customers had pushed the clerk's mini up over her hips. 
Arcy's mouth lapped and sucked on the red button while her pussy shook and vibrated. 
The man behind her was getting off by rubbing his cock into the crease of her ass.  Arcy felt it
started to swell and then started to pump hot come over her smooth cheeks.  The clerk was now
getting it from the other customer. He buried his bone into from behind and began to ram her. 
One of the other males had placed his erect organ in her mouth and was fucking her mouth. 
Arcy's head was pushed down and she found herself sucking the first dick she had ever had.  It
didn't take long for the mouth fucker to let loose a large spray of hot white cream.  Arcy could
barely breathe and had to start swallowing to keep from passing out.  The atmosphere and the
battery powered cock was doing it's work and Arcy second orgasm of her life came racing
through her body.  She made loud whimpering sounds as her clit screamed with pleasure.  The
clerk was now getting a large shot of white cream on her  ass. Come was dripping from her chin
where one of the other customers had shot his load. She again took Arcy's face and gave her a
tongue kiss.  Arcy tasted the white cream that was being shared with her. 
"Oh baby, eat the come" the cleak cooed to her.  Arcy suddenly realized that more people were in
the store and they were all watching this show like they wanted to get into the act.  Panic set in
and she tried to run to the door with the plastic cock still buzzing in her pussy.  The clerk gave
her a cum splattered smile and shoved the movie into her handcuffed hands.  
"Keep the dildo baby, you earned it" shouted the happy lady.  Arcy could barely walk with the
plastic dick in her but she did manage to shuffle out to the waiting van.  Inside the store, the clerk
was prepared to fuck everyone who wanted to and paid no more attention to Arcy. 
The older sisters in the van cheered when Arcy limped back in and the other sisters kept their
heads down. Stacy snuggled up to her and gave her a kiss.  
"Way to go kid, I knew you could do it" Stacy told her and gave her a kiss.  The two girls shared
the taste of cum coated lips and knew they were in.
On the ride back to school, the other girls shared how they had made the sorority.  Liz, a redhead
with large white breasts with lots of freckles had been taken to the massage parlor.  She had stood
by while men were getting hot oil rubs. Usually a massage would end with an oily
hand job but the customers tonight had a special treat.  Whenever one of the girls had a customer
ready to come, they would yell for Liz.  She would have to come running in her leather bound
outfit and use her mouth to take him over the top.  With the masseuse pumping the hard cock, Liz
would get the full blast of cum into her little mouth.  She tried not to let too much go down her
throat but the masseuse would hold her head down until she had to swallow in order to breathe. 
The men seemed to give an extra load when they saw the little girl waiting for their discharge. 
Her corset had white cum drying over the front and her hair had dried cum around her mouth. 
Some of the older sisters cleaned her face with their tongues.
Betsy was a tall girl with long black hair and big blue eyes. She along with Susan had been taken
into the adult movie theater.  They had been seated on the stage and told to give a show.  Even
though it was dark in the movie house, the front row patrons could see the two girls locked in the
sixty-nine position, sucking and licking pussy.  Even though they were scared by the situation,
after a few licks and bites, they were getting turned on. With an older sister urging them on, they
started to moan and thrash about.  The other sisters had quietly gone into the crowd and selected
several young men to watch more closely.  When she saw that the allocated time was about up for
the show, she had them drop their pants and form a circle around the female slaves.  It didn't take
much encouragement for them to begin to pump their throbbing cocks.  Hot globs
of white male juice splattered down on the girls like rain.  It was hitting them on their cheeks and
ass.  With the number of guys circling them, they had definitely received the greatest amount of
cum on their bodies.  
The older sisters were taking a lot of delight from the stories the young girls were telling.  Some
of the little sisters thought that they had been forced to do too much to join.  
"You got off easy" Mimi told them. "When I joined, there was strip club near the campus owned
by a former sister."  "She used to have amateur night and the prize was 500 hundred dollars." 
"Some of the seniors decided that I should join since we needed the money."  "I didn't mind too
much dancing naked so I said I would do it." "There were a lot of people there than nigh
and the other girls were all pretty."  "I wasn't sure if I could win and thought that I would get into
trouble if I didn't." 
"When we got down to the last three girls, one of my older sisters stood up and faced the crowd."
"If you vote for out little Mimi here, she will fuck everyone who votes for her" she yelled.  "I
couldn't believe she would say that!"  "I though maybe she was kidding but I won the dance-off in
a landslide." "After I came back out on the stage to accept my prize(I was still naked), I noticed
that the owner had locked the door and turned off the window lights."  "My older sisters were
pushing young college studs up onto the stage."  "The crowd was getting really loud when they
came up to me and started to suck on my tits."  " I didn't know what to do so I just stood
there and let their hands rub over my body."  "This was so beyond reality, I let it happen."  "Soon,
dicks were popping out and I could feel them pushing into my ass cheeks."  "I was laid down on
the stage and a circle of men surrounded me."  "I had a hard cock in my mouth, my ass, my 
shaved cunt, and one in each hand."  "Believe me girls, if you have never been filled up by
cocks, like a pin cushion, you don't know what you are missing!"  "Some of the sisters had also
stripped and were taking on some of the guys for me."  "There must have been over seventy-five
people in the bar that night and I know I fucked at least thirty-five of them." I must have
swallowed a gallon of cum not to mention the amount left in my ass and pussy.  "My tits were
shiny I had so much dropped on me."  "I even had to suck the pussies of the dates that were there
that night." "If it hadn't been for the help of my other sisters that night I might still be there
fucking men." "We not only won the first prize, but the guys kicked in about a thousand more
"God, just telling that story has my pussy sopping wet" moaned Mimi.  Mimi slid off her robe and
lay on the floor with legs spread.
"Stacy, eat my pussy while we go back to school, Arcy you suck my nipple and the rest of you
either eat an older sister or each other."  "We must practice if we want to be good little sisters."




Sex Slave Sorority Sisters
Chapter 5

They lost two of the girls who could not take the initiation rites.  That left only five new girls but
the older sisters knew that they would fit in well.  True to their words, whenever they were in the
house, they were naked.  The older girls liked to have them available to shave their pussies
or eat them but they also took care of them.  They showed them around the campus and got they
in the right clubs.  Whenever they went out, they wore the official outfit of Sigma Pi. A short,
short leather miniskirt.  They were not allowed any underwear so any leaning over gave a shot
of bald beaver.  They were instructed to sit in the front row in class whenever they had a
professor of either sex who liked the sight of young adult pussy.  The pledges were assured that
this insured a good GPA. The only acceptable coverings for the upper torso were tube tops or
something so thin that perky nipples were always visible. The pledges were instructed that this
was a matter of pride.  Sigma Pi liked to be the wet dream of any person on campus.  When a
month had gone by and they had adjusted to the situation, they were invited to a special
ceremony.  Again they were shown to the basement.  A sister had become an official senior and it
was time for her pussy to get the official piercing.  She was spread out on an altar with her hands
and feet bound.  She looked nervous as the jeweler cleaned the pussy with alcohol and put the lips
into the forceps.  A large rubber ball gag was in her mouth.  The other seniors stood around her in
all their naked glory, the little gold symbols dangling between the bare skin.  The little sisters
kneeled before them, licking and blowing on the slick openings.  When the job was ready to be
done, several sisters held the girl down.  It only took a quick thrust and the flesh had been broken. 
The gold circle was inserted into the taut flesh.  She was now and forever a Sigma Pi girl.  Stacy
and Arcy wondered if the day would come when they would be spread out and have their own
precious pussies probed and permanently altered.  
The sister was now released and looked down at her smooth skin.  She was happy it was over and
proud of her badge.  Mimi gave her a tongue kiss and then all the other senior girls went and did
the same.  Mimi then turned to the group.     
"Saturday is the big game for our football players and we felt they needed to have a
reason to play well."  "I have decided that if they win, we will have a party for them."  "You little
sisters, be prepared to show your grateful thanks to our warriors, if you know what I mean!"  
The final score was 47-10.  The guys had played like they were possessed.  The sorority house
was cleaned and polished waiting for the team.  When the bus pulled up, out poured forty-five
very horny guys. Stacy and Arcy were naked like all the other little sisters.  Some of the players
immediately started to grab at their tits and ass. Stacy whirled around and confronted several of the footballers.
"Watch your hands mister." "I'll decide who I let touch my body."  
"Is that so missy" Mimi's voice rang out.  Stacy immediately went silent and bowed her head. 
Mimi strode over to the girl and lifted her chin with her hand.  "I see you still have some
independence left in you."  "Maybe you can work it out by some other means."  "If you don't want
to entertain the players this way, I have another way for you to serve."  Turning to Arcy, she
motioned for the two girls to follow her downstairs.  Once they were in the basement of the
house, she led them to the wall.  With a quick command, Stacy was grabbed and forced to the
wall.  The restraints that had served the other girls were now attached to Stacy.  A bench was
pushed under her stomach which pushed her ass into the air.  The dangling nipple clips were
snapped on her hardening buds and her legs were clamped to the bottom of the bench.  Mimi then
took a black leather paddle and handed it to Arcy.  "Now little sister, you will show your little
roommate how to obey."
"But I can't hit her" Arcy protested.
"You want to trade places with her?" Mimi asked in a mocking voice.
"Go ahead Arcy" Stacy told her. "I can handle it."  "Do it good."  "I told you that my aunt and
uncle taught me lots of things."
Arcy nodded and turned toward the wall. The first swat was very easy and Mimi told her to do it
right or she would personally tan Arcy's ass.  The next blow made a loud crack when the leather
hit the hard ass of Stacy.  Stacy wiggled her butt to show that she could take it which took the
pressure off of Arcy.  She began to swing hard and turn the round tan ass a shade of pink. The
others watching were getting turned on by the scene.  Some of the sisters had attached their
mouths to rising cocks. Others were being bent over bar stools and being plundered from the rear. 
The team was shouting out encouragement to Arcy.
"Smack that butt." "Tan er ass." "Make the bitch come."  Stacy was now feeling the
effects of repeated blows.  She started to moan and rotate her ass.  Every motion pulled the chains
on her nipples further out from the breasts.  She wanted to get loose and fuck anything that
moved.  Mimi could see that her purpose had been accomplished and told Arcy to stop.  Arcy
went over to release Stacy but was halted.
"She is not done yet, Arcy baby."  "She still needs to know that her little juicy cunt belongs to me,
not her."  "Put this on and fuck her." 
Arcy was handed a large strap on cock that had to be a foot long. Eager hands helped Arcy run
the straps around her waist and between her legs.  The large straps pushed up into the damp folds
of her pussy so that every movement rubbed against her red hard clit.  Stacy saw the
hard cock and started to wiggle her ass back and forth.  
"Fuck me Arcy, ram that thing in me." "I need cock of any kind." "You know how to fuck me."
Arcy approached the blonde roommate and slowly let the plastic dick slide up the tight pussy she
had come to know so well. Knowing how Stacy liked to fuck, she started pounding into as hard
as her little butt could push.  Stacy started to let out loud shouts of pleasure.  "Oh Arcy, I love
you..fuck me."
The room was now becoming a boiling cauldron of flesh.  Every hole of every woman was being
used.  Though Arcy and Stacy were still the main source of attention, the orgy had begun.  Cries
and whimpers echoed throughout the basement. Mimi had placed her shaved pussy in front
of Stacy's face and was receiving the grateful tongue of her pledge.  When she decided that Stacy
was showing true humility, she ordered Arcy to remove the giant dildo and released Stacy.     
Stacy was glad to be off the wall.  Her wrists were sore and her nipples were burning.  Her ass
glowed with the heat of the whip.  She would have to watch herself around Mimi from now on if
she wanted to stay in good graces.  She made her way to the mats placed on the floor and sat
among the other sisters.  Arcy went to join her when Mimi stopped her.
"Where do do you think you are going?" asked Mimi.
"I thought I would go sit by Stacy" she stammered to the lead sister.
"You didn't obey me quick enough and now I want you to give the nice players a little show"
Mimi told her.  "I want you to make yourself come in front of all these people".  Arcy stood there
in shock.  Being naked in front of people had become almost second nature.  Even sex in public
was one thing but to masturbate in front of people was worse.  She knew that there was nothing
she could do to protest.  Disipline was strict in Sigma Pi.  She stood against the wall and let one
hand drop to her naked cunt.  The other hand grabbed her nipples and twisted them.  The session
with Stacy had left her pussy dripping wet, so it was easy to slide several fingers up her bald
slit.  A shiver went through her as she realized how much this public exhibition was turning her
on.  The second hand dropped to her crotch and pulled her pink lips open.  Now she could get
most of her hand in.  She rubbed as hard and fast as she could on the hardening clit.  The
sensation came over her like a hurricane. Her knees began to shake and then she screamed out.
"I'm coming, oh God, I'm coming."  Her one hand flew to her mouth and she licked the taste of
pussy off her fingers.  
Mimi seemed pleased by the total letting go Arcy had displayed.  She motioned for the sisters to
throw her to the matress.  Arcy felt strong hands picking her up and carrying her to the
center of the basement.  She was tossed onto the large mattress that had been put there.  Several
other sisters were already busy sucking the athletes' cocks and balls. Arcy felt strong hands pulling
her legs apart and the hot breath and tongue of another player.  There were too many hands on
her now to even guess how many men were working on her.  Abandoning any resistance,
she opened her mouth like a good sister and pulled the nearest cock toward it.  The hot
flesh was pushed in and her tongue began to dance around the head.  Her breasts were
being pulled and nibbled and she felt the moisture flowing down toward her ass.  When the first
cock went in, she gave a gasp. It was huge.  It totally filled her and it took a while before she
could start to move on it.  She felt like a piece of meat in a wolf pack.  She felt the weight of the
players as they groaned and strained to impale her on the mattress.  Out of the corner of her eye,
she could see Stacy on all fours, taking a huge cock from behind while she was sucking on
another stud athlete.  Arcy was being lifted up so that another guy could shimmy underneath her. 
It didn't take long to find out what was going on. Grease was being slopped between her firm
little ass cheeks.  Then a strong pressure and the second cock started to enter her.  With a slow
sure pressure, it found it's way into her backside.  Now she was between two men, one in her
pussy and one in her ass.  They moved in unison as they plowed their flesh into her.  She
wanted to yell out that it felt good, but the huge dick in her mouth was starting to swell.  With a
groan, the player let loose a flood of hot cum.  It shot over her face and into her mouth.  She had
so much in her mouth, she tried to spit some out.  It made little bubbles that slid down the side of
her face.  Another player quickly took his place and shoved another log of dick into her throat. 
Down below, the cocks were shooting their hot load into the little coed.  Stacy was now yelling
next to her.
"That's it baby, fuck my ass."  Arcy  could see the star quarterback slowly giving Stacy all 12" up
her backside.  It was a good thing Stacy was experienced at this because that dick was huge.  The
smell of come was strong as the entire squad was now getting their rocks off in some manner. 
Even some of the older girls were piled into a circle and taking on all males or females who
wanted it.  It was hard to tell which girl was which since there was no pussy hair.  Only slick slits
being crammed with meat.  Breasts were bounding as the girls rode the players like race horses. 
The sound was getting loud of screaming and moaning of young girls.  The young men knew
this was heaven and quickly got themselves ready to fuck again.  Mimi had even decided not to
waste this opportunity and was leaned over a chair so the tackle could shove it into her from
behind.  Her nails were digging into his ass so hard that there were red marks.  She definitely was
in charge of this match.  
The party went on until early in the morning.  Stacy and Arcy lost track of how much cock they
had handled but she could hardly walk back to their room they were so sore.  As they lay in the
hottub next to each other, each knew that girls were the real sexual animals.  Guys were good for
a few minutes but women could fuck all night.




Sex Slave Sorority Sisters
chapter 6

     Arcy could not believe it.  She had always been a good student and yet she was looking at her
grade on her term paper. A 'C-' along with a nasty note.  The subject was 'Discipline as an
aphrodisiac'.  She had used many scholarly references that traced the history of S&M as a sexual
turn-on and yet the professor had totally dismissed her findings.  He wrote that this was nothing
but pornography passed off as research.  When she returned to the sorority house, she went to her
room and removed her clothes as required.  Naked, she went back down to see if any of the
older sisters required any servicing or shaving.  
     "What's wrong with you?" asked Stacy. "You have such a serious face."
     "I got a bad grade from that jerk in lit" Arcy told her.  "He didn't believe anyone could enjoy
discipline in sex!"  
     "He doesn't?" Mimi said.  "He's new to the campus and we haven't had a chance to bring him
around to our way of thinking." "Usually the professors know that if they take care of our girls,
we will take care of them."  "Why don't you ask him if you can talk to him after class."  "Let me
handle the rest."
     Arcy didn't think that it would do much good, but agreed to talk to him.  He gave her a five
o'clock appointment in his office but told her that he doubted if he would change his mind and
raise her grade. Arcy was there on time and sat across from the mid 40's teacher and prepared to
quote her sources when the door suddenly flew open.  The professor seemed shocked as was
Arcy to see many of the Sigma Pi girls standing in the doorway.
     "Professor, we need to talk about what you are doing to our little sister" said Mimi in her most
formal voice.  "I'd like to invite you over to our house for a discussion."
     "I don't have time for you now" the professor said stiffly and tried to shut the door.
     "I'm afraid you don't have a choice" said Stacy and gave the signal for the other girls to act. 
Quickly they entered the room and pushed him down on a blanket. He was yelling but there were
too many strong young women.  Soon he was rolled up inside the blanket with a gag in his mouth
and ropes around his hands and feet.  Arcy could not fathom what was happening in front of her. 
Surely they could not be serious.  
     "You can't do this!" "We'll go to jail."
     "Arcy, when we get done with him, he will be like a little puppy" Mimi assured her. "We know
how to convert skeptics."
     The professor was chained, hand to foot in the basement of the house.  He was in shock at his
condition.  All around him were totally naked young women who were acting as slaves for the
older girls.  He had been stripped and left for Mimi.  When she entered the basement, she was
wearing her leather corset and boots.  She carried a long leather whip.  Her bald cunt was
sporting her gold badge.  She had attached another chain to this so it hung almost to her knees. 
When she stood over the teacher, she took her high-heel boots and placed them on his head.  
     "Now Mr. Doubter, I want you to lick my boots and tell me that this does not make you hard."
     "I do not find this exciting, young woman" he yelled. "Now let me up and maybe I won't have
you thrown in jail."
     "Wrong answer worm" Mimi told him and cracked the long leather strands.  They popped on
his naked ass and made him twitch even though he was bound so tightly that it didn't amount to much.
     "Shit" he yelled. "Stop that, it hurts." 
          "Then why is your dick hard?" Mimi asked him.  He realized that it was now growing and
swelling.      "Maybe you do like this worm."  "Why don't you suck it and see how hard you can get it?"
     "Are you crazy" he yelled?  "How can I do that?" "I won't do it."
     "Girls, help the nice man, I think that cock is going to get very big and I also think he can do it
if he has help."  The helpless professor was placed on his back and his legs bent back over his
head. Sisters were pushing him into a letter C. He thought his back would break but his dick was
getting closer to his own mouth. It helped that his cock was almost 11" and that he had been into
yoga for years.  When the girls saw how close he was, they applied more pressure to the back of
his thighs.  Now the head of the prick was touching his lips.
     "Suck your own cock now you slut" commanded Mimi and gave the exposed ass another flick
with the whip.  This time when he jumped, the head slid into his mouth.  The girls were now
watching in amazement as he started sucking himself. He could not hide the fact that he was now
totally aroused.  He had never had the sensation of pleasing himself this way and started to enjoy it.
     "That's enough, I don't want him to have fun."  Mimi told the girls to place him over the
punishment bench and bind his hands and feet.  A leather strap was wrapped tightly around his
erect cock and balls binding them so tight he could not lose his erection but also could not come. 
A leather blindfold was pushed over his eyes.  He now was totally cut off from any chance of
release.  Mimi looked at Stacy who stood there dumbfounded.  
     "Stacy, I understand you know a little about this so I want you to fuck that bastard in the ass."
"I want you to use the biggest dildo we have."  "I want to stretch his asshole." "Make it easy for
the rest of girls to also fuck him."
     The teacher knew he was in for it now. He knew Mimi was serious and he was going to find
out if Arcy's paper had been correct after all.  He had to admit that a strange feeling had come
over him.  This was so much more intense than regular sex.  Here, he was totally helpless and the
danger of the situation was acting like a shock to his nervous system.  Every sound was a jolt. 
When Stacy started pushing the hard rubber cock into him, his own cock felt like it would burst a
blood vessel. Suddenly, he felt the hot skin of a shaved pussy against his face.  Mimi had pushed
Arcy against the professor's face.  With his blindfold on, he did not know which one of the sex
goddess he was close to but he knew she smelled good.  
     "Now, you will suck pussy until I tell you to stop."  Another crack of the whip on his upturned
ass accented the command and he obeyed.  He had to admit that the pussy he was sucking tasted
good and juicy.  The dildo sliding in and out of his ass was having an effect on his prostate gland. 
It felt like his cum was raging to shoot but the leather straps were preventing it. This was torture
but it was a sweet torture.  He never would have sought this out but he found he was enjoying
this experience.  Maybe the little girl who sat in the front row, always flashing her bald pussy, was
right.  Pain and pleasure were related more that he thought.  It was too late to get out of this, so
he might as well enjoy it.  Suddenly, the blindfold was pulled off and he saw that the juicy slit
that he was doing a tongue dance on was the very author of the paper he had doubted. This sweet
girl was now gasping and clutching her own beautiful breasts as he stuck his tongue deeper into
her.  Mimi was removing the strap around his cock and the ejaculation surprised him with the
force.  His hot cream shot out onto the floor with blessed release.  Mimi was glad to see him
shoot for she knew men were much easier to reason with after they have emptied their balls in hot
sex.  She knew that they would have no more trouble with this one.  Of course, they would make
sure that the movies they were taking joined the other films in the collection.  All together, most
of the faculty was on tape having sex with the sisters of Sigma Pi.  Her favorites though were the
female professors sucking on the young pussy she provided. College was not so difficult if you did
the right homework and applied yourself diligently.  She had certainly learned lessons that would
help her in the real business world.  That lesson was 'everybody loves to fuck'.




Sex Slave Sorority Sisters
Chapter 7

	The year had flown by.  Arcy could hardly believe that she was now a sophomore.  She
and Stacy were now allowed to wear clothes in the sorority house.  The new girls had taken their
place as sexual servants for the older girls.  Mimi had graduated and gone to work for a
prestigious law firm in San Diego.  Arcy could not help but wonder how the clients would react if
they knew that Mimi had been keen practitioner of the S & M arts.  They would probably find out
soon enough for Mimi never could hide her habits for long.  Stacy had grown into a real leader of
the younger girls.  She delighted in showing them how a good sister sucks pussy, shaves pussy
and shows pussy whenever they have a chance.  She had recruited a fine young crop from the
beaches and nightclubs that did credit to Sigma Pi.  Arcy on the other hand, had grown more
interested in student government.  Even though a sophomore had never won the student council
presidency, she knew that she would serve well, if given a chance.  She told Stacy of her dream
but didn't bring it up after that.  Stacy, however, was a girl of action.  She would do anything for
Arcy.  Most nights found them nuzzling the bald beavers of each other.  Even if they had been
royally fucked by their dates, they still had time when they got home.  Usually it would start with
a hot soapy shower.  Arcy had lost most of her inhibitions and thought nothing of running around
naked in the house.  If she heard Stacy in the shower, she would go on it.  Starting with her back,
she rubbed and lathered up the little blond.  When her body was clean and shiny, they would head
to the bed, still dripping wet.  One would fall back on the bed and the other would attack the fresh
pussy that was exposed.  Arcy had developed the talent to make Stacy scream.  She knew that
Stacy loved to have her clit sucked, much like a little prick.  Her hands would dig into Stacy's
brown boobs and twist her nipples.  When Stacy finally came with a scream, she would launch
herself at Arcy's cunt and suck her until she almost fainted.

 	It was after one of these afternoon sessions, that Stacy told her of her plan.
	"Arcy" she said softly while tracing the nude lips of her cunt, "I think you should be
president of the student council."

	"But Stacy, that always goes to a senior."  "I wouldn't have a chance."
	"If you let me run your campaign, you would."
	Arcy didn't think she would have a chance but decided if Stacy wanted to try, why not.

	The get-out-the-vote party was turning out to be the hottest ticket in town.  The word,
unofficial of course, was that anyone who brought a voting stub to the sorority house would get
fucked.  Men, women, it made no difference.  Since the whole campus knew that the most
beautiful girls were at Sigma Pi, the turnout was huge.  There were football players for the girls
who wanted hard dicks.  Mimi had come back to handle those who wanted a little taste of the
whip.  Stacy was available for guys who wanted a girl with a dildo.  She was also in charge of the
orgy in the basement.  Arcy and the other sisters were all available for the regular to kinky sex. 
The little sisters, like the others before them, were for anything goes.  Around dusk, the first
group of people started coming in.  One of the new little sisters was strapped to a frame in the
hallway.  People coming in could grab her tits or feel her pussy to get into the spirit of the
evening.  Throughout the house, other little sisters were stationed on their knees in case anyone
wanted a blowjob or pussy eating to get started.  One dark haired sister was tied down to a table. 
Her head was over the end of the table enabling men to stand and shove their cocks into her deep
throat.  Several had already taken advantage of her and the cum was dripping down the side of
her face.  One of the little sisters would lick her face clean when it got to be too much.  She was
encouraging more men to take advantage of her mouth.  "Come on baby, let me suck that cock, I
love cum."  "Hey lady, come here, I like to suck on pussy also."

	In the basement, Mimi was applying the whip to the firm backside of a young junior coed. 
The girl was moaning each time the leather smacked her hard buttocks.  Her boyfriend was
watching her in a heated state while Stacy was giving it to him with the strap on cock.  They
looked into each other's face, sharing in the forbidden sex that they were sharing.  Mimi was not
sparing the girl's ass and Stacy was plowing into the guy.  When he could take no more, he
rammed his cock into his girlfriends gasping mouth.

	"Suck his cock, bitch" Mimi commanded her.  Great globs of hot cum showered her face
as he gave in to the ass fucking.  The date tried to catch it all on her tongue but some dribbled 
from her chin.

	"Come here honey" Mimi commanded her.  She held the girls face and pushed her tongue
down her throat.  The girl was totally hot and grabbed Mimi's bare ass.

	"I want to suck your pussy, Mistress" she whispered.  Her tongue pushed into the bare
skin of Mimi's pierced pussy.  Soon they were rolling in a sixty-nine position.  Mimi also knew
how to suck cunt and was giving the girl the head of her life.  Stacy was licking the rest of the
cum from the guy's slowing shrinking cock.  Suddenly, from upstairs there was a loud shout and applause.

	"Arcy won it in a landslide" one of the sisters yelled.  "Time to celebrate" shouted Stacy. 
"Where's Arcy?"

	Arcy was brought downstairs by her jubilant sisters and pulled to the center of the room. 
She was no longer the scared little virgin that had been there a year ago.  She had succeeded. 
There was only one thing to do at a time like this.  	"Sisters, I thank you so much for all you
have done for me."  "Stacy, you are the best." "And to prove it, I want everyone to watch me
suck my beautiful sister's pussy." "And then I want everyone here, and I mean everyone, to join
me on the mats." "I didn't have sex until last year and I want to make up for last time." "I promise
that as student council president, sex will be my guiding principle!"

	A cheer went up for the new president.  Then she went up to Stacy and pushed her tongue
down the blond's throat.  Her hands pushed into the wet folds of her roommate's pussy.  Stacy
responded by pushing her fingers up Arcy's ass and fingering her asshole.  Hands from out of the
crowd pushed them into the center of the mat.  When they were laying down next to each other, a
dozen men surrounded them.  As they moved into a sixty-nine position and started to suck on
each other's pussy, the men started to pull their hard cocks.  They were helped by the sisters who
sucked on the balls or licked their asses from behind.  Stacy and Arcy were hardly aware of how
many men were surrongding them until they felt the hot cum splashing on their bodies.  Streams
were arching across their faces and the ass that was in front of them.  It ran over their breasts and
faces.  It only added to the passion they were feeling.  The climax came like a freight train.  If they
could, they would have put their whole head into the pussy of the other girl.  The football team
now decided to join them.  From each end, dicks were pushed into the hot little pussies.  The girl
that had been sucking on the pussy, now had a hard cock to also lick.  Balls fell on their faces. 
Many hands were now also playing with their asses.  Arcy felt like a thousand people were
making love to her at one time.  Her nipples were so hot they felt like iron.  Mimi added to this
feeling by clamping on her hardest contraptions.  The girls were now pulled apart and placed on
their backs.  The young mouths were stuffed with hard cock.  Other hands help open the long tan
legs.  Hard meat soon filled the wet cunts.  Lips of both sexes attached themselves to other parts
of their bodies.  Arcy had a cock in each hand, one in her mouth and one in her pussy.  Stacy was
in the same position and loving it.  As soon as one young man would let loose with a shower of
cum, another would take his place.  Laying on their back required swallowing all of the hot
cream.  Their pussies were overflowing with cum.  The little sisters wasted no time in diving in
and cleaning the girls out.  Stacy had taught them well.  Stacy and Arcy fucked everyone who
anted a turn or two.  Mimi was now under a pile of people of both sex.  The women were
attracted to the cool beauty who handled the whip so well.  Several decided that Mimi should also
see how the whip felt.  She was placed against the wall in the shape of a X.  Though they were
novices, they soon got the hang of the lash.  Mimi's muscles were clenched was the whip caught
her on her magnificent ass.  She didn't try to turn or avoid the whip.  She proudly stuck her ass
out as defiant.  Each hit solicited a little gasp of "More, More."  She truly missed the house and
the girls.  She knew she had done well in training her successors.  Arcy was taking on most of the
guys at the party and Stacy looked like she could fuck the whole school if need be.  Mimi also
saw some to the faculty now taking their pleasures of the sisters.  Maybe she could come back as
teacher.  Then she could have fun with the students who needed a little discipline.

	Arcy lay on the mat, her now tanned body sticky with cum.  Stacy lay next to her, legs
spread.  Her pussy was bubbling with the cum of the guys who had fucked her.  Her face was
shiny with the gobs of love juice from the guys and the cunt juice of other women.  Together they
had fucked almost twenty people.  But these sisters were not ready yet to stop the celebration. 
There were several football players that they had missed.  They also had some very special plans
for two of them.  Stacy had learned through her sexual escapades that the quarter back was
bisexual.  His roommate and sometime sex partner was the center of the team.  The two women
knew that when he placed his hands inside the centers thighs, it was for more that just getting the
football.  The two guys were unaware that anyone knew of their secret side.  Stacy, however,
decided that the party was a perfect place to expand their world.

	"Stan" yelled Stacy. "Come here, I want your cock!"  Stan walked over to the little blond
slut rubbing his hard cock.   "Where do you want it Stacy?" he asked with a grin.

	"Actually, I want you to lay face down and let me fuck YOU in the ass!"  The qb looked
at her for a few seconds and slowly started to smile.

	  "How do you know I would like that" he asked.
	"Just a hunch" answered Stacy in her sexiest voice.  The big stud got down on his hands
and knees and looked over his shoulder as Stacy strapped on the 10" rubber dick.  He groaned as
she slapped a big gob of lubricant at the entrance of his asshole.  Her little fingers pushed some
into his butt and rubbed the rest on the rubber dildo.  With a slow steady pressure, she slid the
like=like cock into him.  Stacy didn't stop until her thighs were touching the back of his legs.  This
was a very special dildo.  It also extended into the harnesss so that it pushed into Stacy's
well-fucked pussy.  Every thrust into the backside of the player also shoved some into her pussy
and over her red clit.  Her breasts shook as she pounded the helpless ass of the football star. 
Suddenly, she jumped as she felt the pressure on her own asshole.  Over her shoulder she saw the
center pushing his well-greased cock between her round tan cheeks.  Stacy was an old hand as ass
fucking and let her muscles relax.  The hot male flesh slowly pushed deep into her round butt and
the heavy balls slapped against the back of her legs.  The centers motions pushed Stacy deeper
into the QB and made the dildo push deeper into her bald pussy.  Huge hands were pinching her
nipples until they were beet red.  His tongue was dancing over her neck and ears.  Stacy though
she had died and gone to fuck heaven.  She was pinned between the tow studs.  ARcy was
watching with rapt attention and decided that they couldn't gang up on her roommate like that. 
She went to the bar and found an identical strap on cock and put in on herself.  The feeling of the
rubber cock sliding into her soaking pussy almost made her come right on the spot.  She put a
liberal amount of lubricant on the shaft and approached the center.  She turned the bottle over and
poured a stream on the exposed backdoor of the player.  She showed no mercy as she put her
weight to the device.  Now she felt like she had mounted a bucking bull.  The quarter back on the
bottom of the pile was now part of a four-way ass fucking machine.  No matter which way you
moved, some ass was getting reamed.  The motions drove the rubber dicks deep into the
succulent pussies of the roommates.  The pressure on the prostates of the men soon gave way and
they started to pump their hot load deep into the  ass of the sweet little girl in front of them.  Arcy
would have yelled out but someone had taken over control of her mouth and had shoved a giant
cock into it.  It only took a few seconds before it started to shoot a huge load of hot white cum
into the sucking mouth of the beauty.  Other sisters did not let this go unnoticed.  They helped
clean the shooting cock and to clean the rest off the face of Arcy and the back of the center.  Arcy
and Stacy truly though their cunts would explode from the feeling of the giant rubber cock
rubbing against their clits.  "Sis" a stunned voice called out.  "What are you
doing??????????!!!!!!" cried the anguished voice.  Arcy instantly recognized the voice of her
brother.  She had not seen him for two years.  She did not even know he was in California.  Her
face turned bright red at the shock of him seeing her this way.  Suddenly he was beside her and
looking at her in shock.  "What are you doing?"

	"Well, I think that is pretty obvious, brother" she answered.  "I am getting my brains fucked out!"
	"But if Dad knew about this, he would pull you from school so fast your head would
spin."  "You were a virgin for God's sake when you came here."

	"So I was, Bill, but not anymore" she replied gaining confidence with every second.  After
all, she was student council president.  "Are you going to tell him?"

	"I don't know" Bill stammered.  "I should, you know."
	"What if I let you punish me like you and Daddy used to do when I was bad as a little girl"
	"I don't know what you are talking about" he mumbled.
	"Oh yes you do brother, you remember how you used to like to watch when Daddy would
spank my naked bottom until it got bright red." "I knew you were watching and playing with
yourself." "That's ok because Daddy always had a hard-on while he was spanking me." "Well, do
we have a deal?"  Arcy got up and waled over to him.  She pushed him down into a chair.  His
eyes were glazed at the sight of his beautiful sister, covered with cum and naked as the day she
was born.  She looked dangerous with her shaved pussy and lustful look in her eyes.  She lay
down across his lap and looked up at him.  "Come on brother, you know you love my ass and
have always wanted to touch and spank it." "Do it now, punish me."

	"I can't" Bill protested. "You are my sister'
	"Damn it bill, I have been bad." "Did you know that I sucked Stacy's pussy my first day
here?" "I sucked guys off in a video store." I fucked my professor in the ass."I shipped Stacy's ass
with a whip. "I just fucked half the school."  "Come on Bill, punish me or I'll do it again."

	With a groan, Bill brought his hand down hard on the round butt of his little sister.  His
bright red handprint showed clearly against her beautiful skin.

	"That's right baby, spank me, make my ass red, make me come, big brother." "I always
wanted you to touch me. "Even as a little girl, my pussy was watering for you."

	The spanking started in earnest.  The sound of the hits turned the whole party into a silent
watching crown.  Everyone was fascinated to see the older brother in complete surrender to the
little sex queen.  He took turns smacking the cheeks of his little slut sister.  His own cock was
pushing hard against her body until he felt her pulling down the zipper and releasing the bulging
prick.  His hands rose and spanked as her talented mouth sucked in his prick.  Her warm mouth
slid down all the way to his balls and the staff went into her hot throat.  She had learned how to
be a superlative cocksucker in the house, a skill that would always make men her allies.  Arcy's
cheeks were turning the color of burgundy wine and her pussy was twitching.  She felt her big
brother stiffen and then it happened.  His cum shot up and sprayed all over the face of the dark
haired girl.  She was not going to let this go to waste and clamped her mouth over the top of his
cock.  She was swallowing all the family cum she could find.  The brother never missed a beat as
his hands continue to smack Arcy's flesh.  Finally, his hands lay still on the burning flesh.  "I won't
tell Arcy."

	"Thank you Bill" she said sweetly.  "Girls, show my brother a good time."  As Arcy
watched, several of the girls helped Bill up and carried him to mat.  By the time, they got done
with him, he wouldn't have the strength to walk.

	Arcy was on top of the world.  If the rest of her college career is like this, she thought, I
might stay here forever.

     Since Arcy had become president of the sorority, the academic standards of the group had
gone up dramatically.  Her private school upbringing helped her to see ways to improve the
reputation of the girls.  This made it easier for the other activities to be overlooked by the
administration.  It definitely helped that a lot of the professors spent most of their free time in
the dungeon with the girls.  Several of the younger women professors had become unofficial
house mothers.  The fact that they could work on their papers while a sweet young naked
sister attended to their pussy helped tremendously.  Some had even gone so far as to let
themselves be shaved and pierced. Several of the male professors now enjoyed the feeling of being
bound and flogged by a naked young sister.  Arcy felt if they could only get the college president
initiated, they could rule the campus.  Certainly, the football team and basketball teams were
playing at their best level in years.  The promise of sweet young cunt did wonders for the players.

     The official coming out of Arcy as president was planned for a nightclub near school.  The
new girls hoping to make the sorority were nervously gathered up and loaded into the van. 
Their outfits consisted of leather corsets, mesh nylons and high heels.  Their breast would stay in
the corsets as long as they didn't dance or move quickly.  The doorman licked his lips as the
parade of wet-dreams walked by.  The single men in the club looked at the nervous little sisters
and had thoughts that would remain with them for months.  

     When they were all seated around a large table, Arcy began to plan their humiliation.  She
motioned to a pair of blonde twin sisters who hoped to make the group.

     "I think that both of you should dance for the crowd."  "Put on a good show."  "I know that
when you were growing up that you showed each other a good time."

     "Carol, you told her?" whispered Cindy to her identical sister.  "I thought that was our secret!".
     "It's ok Cindy, I don't mind" she said and placed her hands on her sister's face and gave her
more that a sisterly kiss.  Taking her hand, she led her sibling onto the dance floor.  The loud beat
of the rock music surged through their bodies and they began to move close together.  Every shift
and shimmy let a white boob jiggle up and down in their leather cup.  Nipples that were rapidly
getting hard, would flash into view and disappear.  Men and women were staring at the identical
girls with obvious lust. The music switched to a slow sultry song and the two sisters came
together.  Hands slid down the leather to grab at the mesh covered ass.  Their lips parted and pink
tongues dueled with each other for supremacy.  The bodies pushing together pushed the tits over
the top of the leather for all to see.  Fingers were now finding their way under the front of the
corsets and digging into sweet shaved pussy.  Cindy and Candy started to groan when their clits
began to swell.  Pussy juice was starting to flow down creamy thighs and shone in the strobe
lights.  Couples around them started with lust and increased their own groping.

     Arcy was delighted at the spectacle of the leather bound girls who were now lost in lust.  They
slumped to the floor and attacked each other.  Candy's head shoved between Cindy's thighs and
rammed her tongue deep inside the shaved pussy. Cindy lay back with her neck arched and
moaned loudly.

     "Eat my pussy, sister."  "Suck my clit and make me come."  "God, I love this, let everybody
see my hot wet pussy."

     The doorman saw what was happening but decided to let it go.  When word of this got out, he
would have to beat people away from the door.

     `Candy and Cindy were now coming strongly and the crowd cheered them on.
     "Eat her pussy, honey" they chanted.  "Suck cunt!"  The other women had a bright glint in
their eyes.  They knew that their dates would be on their knees worshiping their own sweet cunts tonight.

     When Candy realized that they were laying on the floor of the club surrounded by men with
bulging pants, they did what any good sister would do.  They crawled over to the guys and
pulled out the hard muscles of love.  Their hot mouths clamped onto aching flesh and started
sucking like they were trying to suck the cum right out of their balls.  When the crowd realized
that the management was not going to stop them, they decided to get in on the action.  Mini skirts
were pushed up over hips and blouses were removed.  Beautiful full young tits bounced to the
hard rock music.  Women were pushed over bars and their pussies were filled from behind.  Men
sitting on the stools were treated to the sensation of hot wet mouths swallowing their cocks. 
Arcy told the rest of the sisters to get into the act and watched as her leather bound cuties moved
into the crowd. They had no difficulty meeting couples willing to share their passions.  The band
gallantly played on even as their own cocks were being sucked on.  Naked girls filled the stage
and were putting on a no holds barred female orgy.  Arcy smiled at the chaos she had created. 
Mimi would have been proud.

     Turning to her newest "sister" who was also dolled up in leather and mesh stockings, she
smiled.  "Well, Bill, do you see anyone you like?"

     Her brother sat with his face down.  The sisters had turned him into a beautiful young woman.  
 After he had burst in on the orgy at the house, the sisters decided to keep him as an official sister. 
He had been taken upstairs by the newest mambers of the sex sorority.  With a naked girl holding
each of his limbs, he lay helplessly on the bed.  One of the junior girls took a large can of shaving
cream and sprayed his entire body. Hot female fingers spread the foamy spray over every inch of
his frame.  Lather was shoved between his legs and over his throbbing cock.  His balls were given
a heavy coating also.

     "Now Billy baby, you had better lay still or I might cut off your balls!"  He dared not breath as
the razor begin to glide over his chest.  After every few swipes of the blade, one of the freshmen
girls would hand the older sister a new razor and rinse the other.  The hair under his arms was
removed along with any hair on his chest.  His legs were given the same treatment and even
between his ass.  Bill;s cock now felt like it would explode. Soapy hands pulled on his slippery
shaft.  The sharp steel glided down his erect member rendering it as smooth as marble. 
Lastly, his balls were pulled taut and the blade removed the last of his body hair.

     "What a cute little pussy you are" squealed one of the sisters.  "I think I want to suck this
sister's cock!"  A towel removed the last bits of shaving cream and then her hot mouth
clamped over Bill's prick.  Her tongue swirled over the clean head of his meat.  She sucked as
hard as she could while other fingers were toying with Bill's ass.  Hard nipples were thrust
into his open mouth.  When another hand squeezed his shiny balls, he erupted.  Cum spurted into
the hot mouth of the beautiful coed.  She sucked all of his discharge into her mouth but did not
swallow it.  She crawled out from between his legs and came to his face.

     "Open up sister, you have to learn to eat cum if you want to be a sister in this house".
     Bill's mouth was flooded with his own still warm cum.  The female's tongue helped spread it
over Bill's lips and tongue.  Her tongue pushed down into Bill's throat and stayed until Bill
finally gave a gulp and swallowed his own shot.

     "Boy's always tell me that it will make my tits big" one of the girls laughed.  "We'll have to see
if it works for you."

      They had cut his hair into a butch fashion that worked with either sex.  Earrings and mascara
had turned his face into that of a sweet looking hooker.  His corset had a higher front that the
others which allowed the use of padding to give him a nice set of breasts.  His cock had been
strapped tightly up inside the leather so he would not accidentally let it pop out.  

     When the stud approached Arcy, Bill tried to disappear. 
     "I saw you two cuties from over at the bar and noticed that you looked lonely."  "Can I join you?"
     "Sure" Arcy replied. "Why don't you get between us on the bench?"
     The tall young man pushed between them and sat down. The heat from Arcy's body surprised
him.  This girl was on fire! When she grabbed his head and shoved her talented tongue into
his mouth, he knew he had hit the goldmine.  His large hands grabbed her breasts under the light
blouse she was wearing.  He could feel the hard nipples under his palm.  Arcy was rubbing his
balls in his jeans. 

      "Oh baby, I want to fuck you" he moaned into her ears.  "I want to stick it in you."
     "Oh, I'm sorry" Arcy cooed. "You can't fuck me." "You can suck on my pussy though and my
sister will suck you off."

	Bill's mouth flew open in shock at his sister's suggestion.  Ever since he had arrived at the
house, Arcy had taken over control of their relationship until now he was totally in her power.

     "You heard me, sister, suck his cock while he eats my pussy."  Arcy lifted her hard ass and slid
her skirt up to expose her clean shaven pussy.  She leaned back and spread her thighs. The young
man was taking his pants down and then pushed his face into the damp folds of cunt.  Bill gulped
and grabbed the stiffening cock in front of him.  He tried not to gag as the hot flesh poked into his
throat.  Arcy was raising her hips as the large hot tongue thrashed around in her dripping cunt. 
She knew that this guy was good when he wrapped his tongue around her hard clit and vibrated
it.  Her hands went to her breasts and lifted them to her own mouth.  She sucked the hard nipple
into her mouth and bit on it.  Because she was biting her own breasts, she could go to the limit
with the pain.  Bill in the meantime was now in full rhythm in his cocksucking.  He felt the organ
start to swell and could taste the pre-cum that was leaking out the end.  

     "Make him come little sister" Arcy cried out as her pussy was being drained of juice by the
guy's sucking mouth.  Bill's head was in a blur as the thick white cum blasted out into his
mouth.  His own cock under the corset felt like it would burst from the pressure.  He would make
her pay for this he swore.

	Maybe I will fuck her in the ass.  He had always wanted to do that to this little sister and
thought that maybe now it would be all right.  Their relationship sure was different that it had been.

     "Come to me, sister" Arcy cried out.  Bill came around to her and lowered his mouth to hers. 
With lustful eyes, Arcy opened her mouth to receive Bill's mouth. The hot cum in Bill's mouth
was shared with Arcy's swirling tongue.  The guy looked puzzled as the tow girls now ignored
him and sucked on each others lips.  His eyes opened in amazement when Arcy reached up under
the corset and pulled out a hard red cock!  He could only stare as the leather clothed sister drove
it hard into the shaved pussy he had been sucking on.  The girl with the dick was practically
shoving his cock through the bench and the dark haired girl below was in ecstasy.  Bill waited
until his cock was shiny and wet with Arcy's pussy juice and then pulled it out.
Arcy started to protest until she felt the large head pushing at the hole below her pussy.  She
groaned then took her fingers and took some butter off the table.  She smeared it all over the hard
cock of her brother.  She placed another glob at the entrance of her asshole.  Bill was like a raging
stallion as he pushed his cock into her butt.  Arcy's hand dug at her own clit and pussy.  The
show was now attracting attention.  When Arcy opened her eyes, she was a large cock dangling in
her face with a sister's hand around it.  They fed it into Arcy's gaping mouth.  Arcy was in fuck
heaven. Her bother's fake breasts were pushing into her own while his real cock rammed her little
tight ass.  The cock in her mount had come before and she could taste the cum.  A few strokes
were all it took for Bill to shoot his hot load deep in her. The cock in her mouth was now
delivering its second load of cum of the night.  It splattered over her face and hair.  A ragged
cheer went up from the humping crowd.  Stacys face appeared in the crowd and she too had the
same dressing on her sweet face.  She got down next to Arcy and exchanged portions of her
hot load.  Both had broad grins on their face as they licked each other.

     "We surely have brought you a long way haven't we Arcy" teased Stacy.  "You are now the
sex queen of San Diego State." "Why don't we go back to school and just you and I suck pussy
for the rest of the night? "

     "Sounds good to me" Arcy whispered to her friend.  "And on the way back, I think we will let
the little sisters fuck Bill in the ass." "He is going to make a wonderful sister, don't you think?"




Sex Slave Sorority Sisters
chapter 8 - shoplifting by shvedjerry@aol.com
************


     Stacy could hardly keep from laughing at Bill's discomfort. They were shopping in one of San
Diego's finest department stores for lingerie.  Stacy wanted to get some new g-strings that
she could use when she was forced to lay out in public.  They had to be very small or she would
violate the tan line rule and have her ass whipped.  As much as she sometimes liked that type of
thing, it was easier just to keep her tan perfect.  The bathing suits were had a little too much
coverage so she figured they could use sexy nightwear bottoms for a suit.  The added bonus was
the sweat made this stuff almost transparent. 

      Bill had been prepared to look like one of the sisters.  He was getting pretty good about
walking around in heels and womens' clothing.  It would take an expert to know he was really a
guy.  Only by looking up under his skirt and seeing his large cock would you know.  

     The prices were really high and Stacy knew she could not afford all the stuff in her hand.  She
looked around and saw nobody was watching her and Bill.  With a quick motion, she shoved the
flimsy underwear down the front of Bill's skirt.  Only then was she aware of the large man and tall
woman shopper in the other aisle.  They appeared to be talking to each other about a robe.  Only
when Stacy and Bill turned to go did they begin to move toward them.

     "Excuse me ladies" the man said.  "I think you may have forgotten to pay for some of those items."
     The two sisters tried to turn the other way but the aisle was blocked by the tall blond women
who looked very tough.  She walked up to the girls.

     "Why don't you come with me back to security and let's discuss this matter?"
      Stacy was scared now.  A shoplifting conviction would not look good on a college transcript. 
Bill was panicking in fear that his fate would be even worse.  Cross-dressing and shoplifting
would make his father furious.  They were escorted to the basement of the store and placed in a
large windowless room.

     "So girls, I am going to have to ask you to strip down to your underwear so I can check you
for stolen items."  "If that is not acceptable to you, we can call the police."  "The woman was
very serious but the man appeared to be enjoying himself immensely.  Stacy knew she had no
choice and quickly stood up and dropped her miniskirt.  A quick motion pulled the tube top
over her head.  Since the girls were not allowed underwear, there she stood in all her naked glory. 
Her smooth razored pussy drew a hungry look from both of the security people.  Her large tan
breasts which now sported two gold rings through the nipples were a firm as a book shelf.  The
woman security guard approached the girl who stood so proudly naked.

     "My, what a fine piece of work."  Her fingers touched the gold nipple rings and then traced the
outline of the nipple.  "A real sex kitten, I see."  "Is there anything hidden down here?" 

	Her long fingers ran lightly over the damp fold of Stacy's honey pot.  A long finer slowly
slid it's way into the crease. "I don't feel anything but we may have to do a cavity search to see if
you didn't take some jewelry or small item."

     She turned and walked over to Bill.  "And why are you still dressed, little deary."  "I want to
see skin now."

     "Go ahead, sister" Stacy told him.  "I have a feeling that everything will be okay."  Bill gave up
and began to remove his clothes.  When the loose shirt came off to reveal a definite male chest,
the two guards looks at each other in surprise.

     "Let me guess what is in here" the woman said and pulled the skirt down his legs.  "Bill's cock
would have bounced straight into the guard's hand if it had not been strapped up against his side.

     "My, my, a boy pretending to be a girl."  "Look Fred, a nice big boy cock." "It is even shaved
like he thought he had a pussy."  "You know you will be punished for this."  "We don't like people
to steal from us."  "Fred, lock the door."

     Steel handcuffs snapped Bill's hands behind him.  Fred took a chain and locked them around
the cuff chains.  This was thrown over a large beam in the basement office.  The chain was
then attached to a hook in the wall.  Bill was turned to face the wall and then his feet were
separated by a large bar that locked around his ankles.  The blond guard then started to remove
the large leather belt that make a path through her large breasts.  She worked quickly to get down
to her black g-string and leather bra that had large holes in the front to allow her nipples to poke out. 

      Stacy was getting very turned on from watching them and she recognized a true dominatrix at
work.  Bill did not know what to expect.  The guard pulled the large black belt from her security
outfit and stroked it across Bill's naked ass.

     "So you want to be a girl do you."  "You probably recognize by now, I like to take care of
little girls in my special way."  "I like to fuck them in the ass." "Do you want me to fuck you in
the ass?"

     "No" Bill answered.  "I don't."
     "Well, I guess that only leaves me this" and then the leather belt caught his cheeks with a large
whacking sound.  Bill jumped at the sting on his bottom. She gave Bill three really hard swipes
and then turned to Stacy.

     "It looks like you are enjoying this too much, little slut." "Fred, why don't you see if she would
like to meet old Bob."

     Fred smiled and took Stacy by her arm and led her over to the large wooden desk across the
room.  His strong hands placed the small girl on the desk and lay her on her back.  Ropes already
were attached to eye bolts and these were tied to Stacy's wrists and ankles.  She was tied into a
perfect "X".  He removed the long leather night stick from his belt.  It was at least 14 inches long
and shiny and thick.  

     "Little shaved pussy lady, meet Bob."  "Sgt Fury over there loves this little thing."  "She can
take all of this up her sweet pussy."  "Do you think you can?"

     "Fuck you dick-brain" Stacy yelled at him.  She had hoped that this would make him angry but
he just laughed and placed the wand at her pussy lips.  "Let's see how much you can take"

     Without a lubricant, he had to push hard to get the giant leather dick started but once in it
begin to slide easily in Stacy's bald box.  Stacy's cunt was in love with the leather stick and
could not keep her hips from moving as it keep sliding into her. Her horny pussy started to cream
over the shaft as it keep sliding up her vagina.

     "Sarge, this babe loves your stick, look at her take it."
     "I knew she would" the Sgt. answered. "Any girl who shaves her cunt always wants it."  "You
take over here and let me taste some of that wet cunt."

     She placed her mouth on Stacy's pierced large nipples and begin to suck on the large pink
buttons.  Her tongue toyed with the rings and flipped them over.  Grabbing Stacy's head, she
forced her own nipples that pushed out from her bra into Stacy's open mouth.  

     "Suck on me, bitch or I'll really go hard on you."  Stacy needed no threats to bite and suck on
the large nipples.  The guard was pushing and pulling on the leather billy club so it was almost
completely in.  Stacy was now reaching orgasms from her treatment and raised her ass off of the table.  

     "Fuck me, fuck me" she yelled to the lady.  The guard almost smiled as she shoved the leather
club all the way in.

     "You stay here with Ol' Bob up your cunt while we take care of this other little thief."
     She stopped the male guard from putting the belt to Bill's ass.  It was now bright red from the
strapping and he was gasping for air.    She lightly scrapped her nails over the now red cheeks of
Bill.   "My, this is probably sore right now."  "I bet you won't even feel it when I fuck you in the ass".

     "You said you wouldn't do that" Billy protested.
     "I lied" she laughed.   From her disk, she retrieved a large plastic cock with a strap on belt. 
After taking off what few clothes she had left, she strapped the monster dick on.  "I'm
going to give you a break, little boy" she said.  "I'm going to lube it up before I fuck you with
this."  She coated the fake cock with a jelly and then placed another gob at the opening of his
asshole.  Bill knew that she would not stop and held his breath as he felt the shaft begin to slip into him.

     "Stay tough, Bill, you can take it" Stacy told him.  "Just relax, that's how I do it."
     "So you like it up the ass do you?" asked the male guard. "Do you want it now?"
     "If you think you can handle me, try it" Stacy challenged him.
     "Actually, I think I would rather have you suck me off" he replied.  "Suck on this now."

     His huge meat was shoved into Stacy's open mouth.  Stacy knew that she was one of the best
cocksuckers in school and she was actually getting into this little scene.  She knew if she pleased
him, they would not be arrested and she sucked harder. The guard felt like she was going to suck
his cock off his body. Her hot little tongue swirled around the head of the hard cock. When she
tasted the pre-cum liquid on her hot tongue, she reached up and gave his balls a hard squeeze. 
With a groan, his hips began to buck and then her mouth was filled with hot salty cum.  He must
have been storing it up because it filled her mouth.  

     The female guard was watching all of this with hungry eyes and when she saw the discharge
leaking from the side of Stacy's mouth, she pulled the cock out of Bill's ass with a popping

sound.  She put her tongue on Stacy's lips and started to suck the cum from her mouth.  Tongues
swapped the gooey liquid between them until most of it had been swallowed.  Bill's noise made
them aware that he still was tied up.  The female guard released Stacy and pushed her head down
to where Bills' cock was straining.

     "Suck him off, bitch" she ordered.  Stacy needed no force to lock her mouth onto Bill's young
prick.  It only took a few sucks until Bill let loose an even bigger load that the guard. This time
Stacy took it on herself to rise and walk over to the hard blond.  She grabbed her head and gave
her another chance to taste some hot male cum.  The heat between them was now so strong that
they started to grab each others tits and ass. Slowly they slumped over the desk until they
arranged themselves in the sixty-nine position.  Stacy pushed her tongue up the guard's pussy as
far as she could.  The security lady was lapping on Stacy's bald cunt like a cat with a bowl of
cream. Bill took his still hard cock and shoved it into the bald cunt of Stacy.  Fred took the other
end and shoved his meat in the guard.  Now each woman was eating pussy that also contained a
hard male cock.  No matter which way the tongue would move, it would head hot flesh.  Five
minutes of this and the cocks begin to squirt again.  Cum was shooting into the gasping
pussies and eager lips caught all that was not kept t inside the hot holes.  Sweat ran down the
chests of the two men as they strained to expel the last of their love juice.  When they group
could finally catch their breath, the female guard slowly got up and went over to the merchandise.

     "Here you little cunts, you earned this, but don't come back in here unless you want even
worse treatment."  "I got a loading dock of horny guts, and if I catch either one of you girls, in
here again, they will ALL fuck you in the ass."

     Stacy would have to think about this.  It didn't sound  like a bad way to save some money and
have fun at the same time. Maybe that would be her initiation when she became president.  
Together with her and the rest of the girls, they could spread the reputation of Sigma Pi girls
across California.  She grinned to herself as she pulled her clothes back on.  Stacy and Arcy, fuck
queens of California.  And there was still almost three years of college to go.

The END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Shvedjerry


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





