BDSM Library - Slave Prissy




Slave Prissy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Slave Prissy's story about her session on a weekend with her 3 masters and a new slave girl.
Slave Prissy
pki 

Please feel free to comment if i have written the words "i" or "my"
with capital letters. It's a bad habit and i have to get rid of it, and
my Masters will be very pleased to help.




Slave Prissy
pki 

Part 1

my name is prissy and i'm a slave. my three Masters have allowed me to
tell you about this session we had together one weekend. They know that
i like to write down our scenes and get excited from it, so they
obviously will punish me for that later. At the moment i'm sitting here
naked, my legs quite spread, with my heaviest clit ring attached. It
hurts a bit, enough to keep me aware of it. 

i'm not allowed to get off this chair or move my legs. i could do it,
for i'm not tied or chained, but i will obey my Masters.

The weekend i'm going to tell you about was a bit rainy. On Friday
afternoon it seemed there would be nothing special to do, except the
usual. i had cleaned up the house, naked, and taken out the garbage (my
Masters want me to do it naked, we live in a quiet area but there's
always somebody on the street at daytime). 

i was getting ready for dinner out, attaching the little clit ring with
a chain and a tiny jingle bell so people can hear me walking, when
Master Alan came to me and told me to leave the ring. He took the
heaviest one instead, the same one i'm wearing now, and ordered me to
spread my legs wide. He sipped my pussy lips with his fingers to check
if i had shaved myself properly in the morning, then pinched my labias
between his fingers and stretched them so brutally i had to shout. With
a little nasty laughter he then put on the heavy clit ring, it had a
chain attached to it too, watched me there for a while and then stood
up.

"Come on, bitch, time for a little joyride", he said and jerked the
chain so that i thought my clit would rip. i yielped and stood up as
quickly as i could, but i was not fast enough. Master Alan grabbed my
tits and squeezed them so hard they went to bruises and i had to scream
again. "Quicker next time, you lousy whore!" he whispered with an evil
voice, and then led me out of the room.

Our big van was parked outside, and i had to walk to the car in a cold
rain. my nipples got hard and Masters laughed at them, pinching and
pulling, before they let me in the van. i was shivering from cold and
had goose bumps all over me so Master Barry decided to warm me up. He
took a riding crop and told me to go down on my hands and knees, then
bend down so that my butt was high up.

"Spread your legs, bitch. More, so that we can see your cunt open", he
ordered, and then started to beat my ass slowly, a hit here, another
there. i felt my skin heat up, the pain on my tight buttocks made me
squirm and moan, and at the same time i felt how i started to drip.
Master Dean noticed my pussy was getting wet, and he grabbed the chain
that was hanging down from my clit ring.

"Let's make this more fun to you, slut" he said and attached the chain
to a hook on the floor. The chain pulled my clit far down, stretching it
painfully. Master Barry went on with the riding crop, so i could not
stay completely still and the chain jerked my pussy continuously. It
didn't get any easier when Master Alan started to drive: every bump
there was on the road made me move and pull and stretch my clit a bit
more.

Finally we reached the town, and Master Barry put the crop down. i
sensed they were searching something. We drove around and around,
slowly. my clit felt swollen and sore, my knees hurt and i was happy to
get a moment to recover. At that time i was very horny too, you must
have understood by now that i'm very masochistic and enjoy pain and
humiliation.

At a corner Master Alan stopped the van and i heard two voices
discussing, Master's and an unknown, female voice. Master Barry got out
of the van too, and Master Dean released me from the floor hook. We
listened to the discussion outside, they had started to argue. Master
Dean played with my dripping pussy, pushing his fingers into my vagina
and then into my asshole, but he did not hurt me much. i was a bit
puzzled: what was going on?

Suddenly the van doors opened and a woman was pushed in. Master Dean
grabbed her arms and Master Barry held her kicking legs, she screamed
when Master Alan closed the doors from outside and started to drive away
very fast. The two Masters and the woman were fighting on the floor, but
my Masters are strong and the lady was quite small, so she was easily
set. Master Dean held his hand firmly on the lady's mouth, the same hand
he had used to tease my pussy so it had to have the easily recognizable
smell of an aroused cunt.

"Do yourself a favor, woman. Shut up", ordered Master Barry. He stared
deeply into her eyes. The woman tried to nodd, and Master Dean took his
hand off.

"First of all, this is the last time you'll hear us call you a woman",
said Master Barry. "From now on you're a slut, a whore, a nice little
sextoy we can use as we like." The woman started to speak, and Master
Dean crushed his hand on her mouth again. This time it had to hurt a
lot, i guess she bit her lips for a drip of blood came out between
Master's fingers. "I told you to shut up, toy."

...

Want more?

And please feel free to comment if i have written the words "i" or "my"
with capital letters. It's a bad habit and i have to get rid of it, and
my Masters will be very pleased to help.




Slave Prissy
pki 

Part 2

Hello again, i'm permitted to go on with my story after some
corrections. First of all, i should not have introduced myself before i
introduced my Masters. And second, the correct way to introduce myself
is "i'm a slave and my name is prissy". Master Barry explained me this,
and now i understand that my name is not as important as my status as an
obedient slave. i have had my punishment for this, it was one of those
clever tricks Master Alan can do with a sheer sandpaper. The result is a
sore pussy that aches badly when i piss, or when it gets wet some other
way.

So here i sit again, my legs spread, with the heavy clit ring. my pussy
lips feel quite thick, and Master Alan has put a mirror and a lamp under
the table so i can see my swollen cunt every time i look down. It helps
me to remember my mistakes and to avoid them later on, that's what he
told me. i'm sure it will help.

Let's go back to the weekend i was telling you about. 

As the woman had settled a bit, i had an opportunity to observe her
properly. She was in her 40's, with a tiny but nice-shaped figure. She
had no rings, and she was well-dressed and her hair was nicely cut. It
was hard to tell anything about her makeup, for struggling and tears had
messed up her face, but i guess she used very light but carefully
considered colors. A lady, not a hooker as i first had thought she might
have been. This made me even more puzzled: who was she? Why was she with
us? Irrationally, i felt a little jealous.

Master Barry is a good speaker, he's always the one to explain me my
tasks and responsibilities. No he was explaining the woman how things
actually were.

"You are a bitch, a slut with absolutely no rights, and at the moment
you mean nothing to us. We can use you, fuck you, tell you to suck our
cocks. We can ram bottles up your ass, we can whip you, tie you
spread-eagled and whip you more until you pass out. We can do
practically anything we want to, and there is nothing you can do or say
about it."

The woman started to look quite horrified, and for my surprise i found
myself getting aroused. Master Barry went on.

"Here you can see a slave. her name is prissy, but it should have no
meaning to you. she is a slave, and as you can see she is completely
obedient and under our control. she does what we tell her to, and she
does it willingly. Show this bitch your pussy, slave", Master Barry
ordered me. i got on my hands and knees, but got an angry slash from the
riding crop Master Barry had picked up. "The other way, slut."

i turned around, sat down on the van floor and spread my legs as wide as
i could. The woman tried to look away, but Master Dean grabbed her hair
and made her head turn right to my direction. "Open your eyes or I'll
open them for you". The woman opened her now quite reddish eyes, and
they went very round as she saw my bruised tits and my red, thick, sore
clit with the ring and chain. This really turned me on! 

Master Barry used the riding crop to point the woman my pussy. He spread
my labia apart with the tip of the crop, then stabbed it into my vagina
and stirred it a bit, so that the sound of a wet cunt was to be heard.

"How do you like it, slut? This is what your pussy will look like too,
sooner or later. You'd better get used to the idea. But at the moment
even this slave is something more than you are. You are a novice, a
piece of shit that should be trained to a proper slave, and I'm not
quite sure if it is possible. Your Master will check you out tomorrow,
and we should have you prepared for him until that. We're in a hurry, so
undress yourself now."

The woman tried to speak again, which ofcourse was a mistake. Master
Dean hit her face with his open palm once, twice, three times, holding
her upright with his other hand. Blood started to run from her nose.
Master Dean then took a good grip of her pure white blouse, now dotted
with bright red blood, and ripped it into two parts. Her pretty white
bra with a lot of lace exposed. She started to scream as she saw Master
Barry taking scissors from a little tool box.

"Hold the bitch, Dean, we're going to have some fun with that lovely
fancy bra she's got", grinned Master Barry. Master Dean took the woman
into his arms and held her tightly, her elbows as far back as possible.
Master Barry started to cut the lace. He removed the arched part of the
cup that covers the top of the breast, first from the other cup, then
the other one. Her nipples stood up hard, they were dark red, her tits
were small but firm. Master Barry then started to examine her closer,
pinching and squeezing, and made her scream more. Both Masters laughed
out loud every time she yielped or squirmed. i was left alone and had a
moment for my own thoughts. 

i had understood that this woman was to be trained. But who was going to
be her Master, if it was not one of my three Masters? Was this woman
somebody who just had been in a wrong place at the wrong time, or was
she somebody specially chosen for this? And what did i have to do with
all this? Masters had been away pre-training some slaves for other
Masters before, but they never took me with them.

We had been driving for a while, and i started to understand where we
were heading. Masters have a nice cottage uphills, a very quiet place
where we had spent many long, painful weekends. After those sessions i
always had had my limits expanded, i used to be very tired, bruised and
sore, but happy for i had been able to serve my Masters well. Especially
i remember one two-week period.

i have to tell you something about our scenes and things we like to play
with. One of our favorites is clit and nipple play. My Masters seldom
use clamps, for they can not be left attached for a very long time, and
loose clamps have only a decorative function, which is not in our
interests. Safely pierced nipples and clit, and nice proper rings are
more practical and can be left on.

i used to have a loose clitoral hood. It covered my clit if it was not
pulled aside. Masters liked to play with it for some time, but after a
play with three fishing hooks the hood got infected and scarred after
that, and was a lot thicker than before. So on my birthday about a year
ago they took me to the cottage. There was an unknown Master, and i was
told that he was a plastic surgeon. He was to be circumcise my clit, to
carefully remove the scarred hood so that my entire clit would be
exposed. 

The operation was done without any anestesia. It was a small operation,
but extremely painful. Masters have it all on a videotape, they use it
sometimes to entertain visiting Masters. i have not been allowed to see
the tape, though. After the operation my pussy had to heal for two
weeks, and it must have been frustrating for my Masters, because the
doctor told them not to touch my cunt of abuse me anally during that
period. i was allowed to suck their cocks and that was what i did, but
after my pussy was ready to serve again, they gangbanged me properly.

...

more to come if you like




Slave Prissy
pki 

Part 3

i'm still allowed to go on with this story. i made another mistake in my
last posting, however. i told you that loose nipple & clit clamps have
only a decorative function and it's not in our interests. The point is,
that i should know that what are in my Masters' interests is important.
my interests are not. So i can not talk about our interests. To remind
me of this, Master Dean has attached the chain of my clit ring to a hook
on the wall. The chain pulls my clit far out and makes it quite
impossible for me to move without causing a nice amount of pain.

So here i sit, writing to you, my pussy is still very sore after the
last punishment with the sandpaper, my clit pointing ahead, my legs very
spread. i want to thank Mistress D. for her email order to go on with my
story. i am a slut whore and i will obey. 

my Masters wanted me to tell Mistress D. that her email made me excited.
Master Barry explained me that i'm not supposed to react that way, i'm
supposed to be completely loyal to my three Masters, but he told me that
because i am a lousy whore he understands that my mind is very open to
this kind of temptations. He promised me that during the weekend i will
be chained in the backyard and spanked for this. i guess Master Alan
will take his special butt plugs and dildoes out too. Master Alan is
very handy and has made many plugs and other accessories out of wood. He
sometimes uses oils with different spices, such as cayenne or pepper, on
these plugs and dildoes. The burn the oil makes me feel in my pussy is
very special.

About the weekend.

i guess the worst thing this woman was able to imagine was that she
would get raped. She got raped, several times during our ride to the
cottage. i watched Master Dean and Master Barry fucking her again and
again, she was sometimes laying on the van floor, sometimes on her hands
and knees, sometimes in Master Barry's or Master Dean's arms while the
other Master penetrated her. They abused her anally, spraying their
sperm all over her back and thighs. They made her suck their cocks clean
after anal-fucking her and came on her face. And she screamed, my God
how she screamed. Once, when Master Dean entered her tight little
asshole extremely brutally, she yielped very loud and some blood started
to drip down between her legs.

The only thing i could do was watch. i was getting very horny, and very
frustrated! What was my role there? Then i suddenly realized that it was
the point: to get me frustrated and horny. My Masters are very wise and
they knew that i would be a slut enough to get excited when watching
them rape this woman.

When we arrived to the cottage, the woman was a bloody slimy mess with
her hair dripping sperm and her ass bleeding. She still had her skirt
on, but it was no longer elegant beige but up on her waist covering
nothing. Her knees had carpet burns, her lips were swollen, and she was
sobbing continuously. Master Alan opened the doors and laughed out loud
when he saw the sight. "You sure have taken advantage of her", he
grinned to the other Masters who were buttoning their jeans.

"On your hands and knees, both of you sluts", ordered Master Barry. We
had to crawl to the cottage like dogs, the ground was wet and it was
still raining slightly. The carpet burns on the woman's knees must have
been painful, and she moaned all the way to the cottage door.

"Open wide, slut prissy", Master Dean told me at the door. i knew my
duty. Masters never wanted me to shave my pubic totally, only my pussy
lips. This has a function during a rainy season: they can use my pubic
hair to wipe off the extra dirt from their shoes. So i sat on the floor
spreading my thighs wide. The problem was that my cunt was so wet that
it made Masters' shoe soles quite slippery.

"You horny whore will get a proper punishment for this, later", said
Master Barry strictly. i know i get horny too easily, Masters say my
cunt should not be wet so often, but i can not help my dirty lousy mind. 

"On your back, sextoy", Master Barry ordered the woman. She did not
obey, so Master Alan turned her roughly over and lift his shoe sole
above her face. "Lick it clean, slut." She again did not obey, and
Master Alan grabbed her pubic hair and pulled hard. Her butt rose high
up and Master Alan was hanging her there for a while. She screamed and
struggled first, but stopped twisting as she felt her pubic hair rip.
Master Alan then dropped her pelvis down and ordered her again to lick
his shoe soles clean. This time she did it for all the Masters, crying
and gagging.

"Now I think we must eat something before we go on with this", said
Master Dean. He is a good cook, and he had a nice picnic basket with
him. i knew there was nothing for me or the woman. Master Dean, however,
offered a portion of dog food for me to be eaten doggie style. This was
surprisingly nice of him, usually i never had anything to eat during the
weekends at the cottage. i ate my dinner and licked the bowl clean to
show that i appreciated my share. i then had a big bowl of water to
drink.

Master Alan had tied the woman to a chair, with her legs very wide
spread. He had positioned her so that her cunt was very near to the edge
of the chair. i knew it must have been quite hard for her back to be
tied that way. Master Alan then opened his jeans and forced his thick
cock into her swollen cunt. She shouted out loud as Master Alan started
to thrust in and out. He had not had his share of this fun yet, so his
organ was very hard as he smacked his pelvis against her cunt again and
again. Finally he came, partly inside the woman's vagina, spraying the
remaining sperm on her labia.

"Here's some dessert for you, slave", said Master Alan to me. i crawled
closer to the shivering woman. Master Alan grabbed my hair and pushed my
face against her cunt, soaking wet from Master's liquids. "Lick it,
slut, we know you like it", he ordered. i started to lick the sperm off
her cunt and heard her sob. "Suck the cum out from her cunt, whore",
Master told me. i had my mouth full of sperm as i placed my lips on her
vagina opening and sucked. "Suck her harder, suck the clit", i was told
to do. my own cunt was dripping again, i felt my clit swell more.

"Go on, bite her", Master Alan said in a thick voice. i started to pinch
her cunt with my teeth, then bite harder. i heard her moan and it made
me even hornier, and i went on biting. i noticed that i loved the feel
of her flesh between my teeth, and the taste of her sore tissue as i
bit. i felt something huge entering my vagina, it started to burn, and
realized it must be one of Master Alan's giant dildoes with spicy oil
on. He attached the dildo with a leather harness that left my asshole
free to penetrate in, and started to anal-fuck me. my face smashed
against the woman's cunt, and i tried to get a good bite as often as
possible.

...

i'll tell you more if you want me to,
just command me




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  pki


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





