BDSM Library - Torture Botique




Torture Botique
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She went to a fashion house just for some new clothes, but ended as a bound slave of a sex club and serving the customers.
                          TORTURE BOTIQUE 
                          By Paladin




                 Torture Botique 1

Cynthia was a drop dead beautiful. She knew it. She reveled in 
the knowledge that she could by the shake of her well rounded 
ass, or a giggle of her tits, get her way in almost anything. She 
had been spoiled rotten by a doting father and now she was 
happy with her new divorce settlement.

She found it sickening that her wimpy husband wanted *SEX* from 
her without a sizable present and suitable amount of begging 
time. She took him to the cleaners with a female lawyer and she 
now had enough to retire out of the work force. A lady of leisure 
for all time to come.

She spent her days in the pursuits of the rich, but it got to be 
soo boring. This week it was shopping for something to wear. True 
she had closets full of dresses but she 'needed' more, she always
thought she needed more.

She saw a new exclusive shop in the upscale section of town.  She 
parked her car in the valet lot and strolled to the new shop. 

She reached the shop and was impressed by the thick oak door with 
brass hinges and the solid brass handles. The window 
proclaimed "T's Boutique" in broad gold letters. She struggled 
with the heavy door and went into the shop.

The carpeting was soo thick that she seemed to sink in to her 
knees. Yes this was the place for her. She looked over the small 
exclusive offerings and was impressed. A sales girl appeared and 
offered her something to drink. She declined. Her attention was 
taken with a form fitting gold lama sheath dress.

She informed the clerk that she would try this one on, and went 
into the fitting room. She removed her dress and started to try 
on the shimmering creation. The helpful clerk looked over the 
dress and exclaimed,

"This one has a defect. I will have to get another one for you. 
Please accept our apology. As this dress has a built in bra 
please remove yours and I will be back in one minute."

Well she had apologized so Cynthia would wait and try this 
exquisite dress but she would demand a discount for the 
inconvenience of this wait. She removed her bra and waited for 
the girls return. It was not long and she had the gold material 
over her arm. With the left arm over her tits, she reached for the
captivating creation.

"Let me help you so that you do not damage your beautiful 
hairdo. Please turn around. Now reach up with your arms so I can 
slide the dress down over your head." The girl explained.

Yes that was true. Cynthia wanted to preserve her do. She turned 
and raised her hands to the ceiling of the small dressing room and 
the girl lowered the material over her head.  Darkness descended 
over her eyes but she expected to be seen again in the shimmering 
gold lama. She would be a knock out. why with this she could get a 
richer wimp to milk, then she could fo to Paris and really find 
creations like this............

She could not find the arm holes as the covering descended and 
covered her to the waist. Something is wrong with this. Seriously 
wrong so she started to struggle. She tried to shift to find the 
non existent holes and she felt a belt sealing her in this tight 
sheath with her arms, and upper body trapped inside.

"What the hell is going on get this thing off me you bitch." she 
screamed, but she was not sure her voice was heard from the 
imprisoning sack encasing her head and arms.

She then felt cool hands on her panty elastic and the hands got 
them to her knees before she turned and tried to kick the girl. 
Blind and at a disadvantage she did not connect and was rewarded 
with a swat to her ass. She was pushed and fell to the floor. The 
panties tangled her legs and made it easy for her ankles to be 
cuffed and the panties torn off. Hands stood her up and sought 
the folds of Cynthia's cunt.

She tried to shake off the insistent hands to her privates and 
they stopped, and she heard a swishing sound followed by a loud 
pop when the thick leather belt found her naked ass. She 
screamed and sought to turn and protect her ass. She received 
another stroke to her thighs. No matter how she turned or bent 
over she could not dodge the relentless strokes from the unseen 
but surely felt belt. The ankle cuffs with their 1 foot snubbing 
chain hindered any further attempts at kicking her attacker.

Finally  she sensed a lull in the beating and the hands returned 
to her now subdued cunt. She relinquished possession to the hands 
and only shuttered when then found and manipulated her clit. She 
had never been treated so but to stop the strap she surrender 
her self importance.

"Now that is a good obedient little pussy. You just spread those 
bony legs so I can see what you have to offer." a female voice said.

Cynthia reluctantly spread her knees some and the hand at her 
pussy lips pinched her right labia and ordered, "I said open as 
wide as those knees will go. Now bitch or I'll tear it off and 
then have to even it up with the removal of the other one."

Cynthia wanted to argue that she could not with her ankles 
snubbed but the twisting of her lip convinced her she could do 
more and she did. She had to bend over and open up for this girls 
inspection. When she got free she would kill this bitch, she thought.

"What do you think? Will it will train well or should we just sew 
it up after pumping in a hundred or so pounds of concrete, and 
take her for a one way boat ride?" the female voice said.

"I don't know. I want it plucked and then I'll decide. Let me see 
the tits." A male voice said. A MAN NO it was bad enough that a 
woman had her like this but a man. NO NO...........

The hands forced her up right and she felt the bag stiffen over 
head as a "D"" ring on top of the nylon sack was hooked to an over 
head hook. Hands found zippers in the sack and she felt cool air 
flow over her delicate orbs. A hand grabbed her right nipple and 
pulled it out and up for inspection. Another rough  hand seized 
the whole tit and began squeezing it like it was a cantaloupe in 
a fruit market.

Cynthia screamed "OWOW OW Stop that let me alone. Don't hurt me."
The hand withdrew it's inspection.

The leather belt brought the screams again but for different 
reasons. Her belly and legs received the unwanted attention.
When the strokes ceased she stood and endured the 
perusal of both her precious tits, with no more thought of  complaints. 

She had never been soo humiliated in her life. She was not a 
human. She had been reduced to a collection of sex parts. This 
could not be happening to her. She should fight, .... object .... 
Then she remembered the belt. Maybe a sex object wasn't soo bad, 
for right now.

She stood and endured. She would bring suite against the 
management tomorrow. She would ..... why was her cunt juicing?? 
She could not be becoming aroused with this treatment of her privates!!!

"The tits are good, won't need too much silicone to get them to a 
respectable size. Take her out and get her shorn so I can see if 
the cunt is worth the trouble." the male voice said.

She felt a stinging as the clips were attached to her nipples and 
a tug to them forced her to hobble in the direction of the pull. 
The pulling stopped when she herd....

"Oh yea use some silicone in the nipple area to make up stand up 
better." the male voice called as she was reluctantly lead out of 
the fitting room by her tits.

The cool female hand returned to her cunt as she was lead she 
knew not where. It sought to stroke her pussy lips and clit.

"I bet this sticky mess you call a cunt will proved to be all 
warped and out of shape. Or is it a tight one that has got low 
mileage??" the voice inquired.

She shuttered but did not attempt to answer as she remembered the 
belt on the previous occasions. Why was she dripping like and old faucet?

After a couple of turns she was turned around, forced on her back, 
and her legs raised to her head.  The ankle snubbing chain was 
joined to the "D" ring  on top of the sack with a pad lock and the voice announced. 

"I got another customer for you Blanch. Shave and pluck these 
hairs around the ass hole as he don't like his bitches hairy 
down there. You know bad for business or something." her female tormentor said.

"I know what you mean. He want this one ringed or what?" came another female voice.
"Not yet. It is too hairy to see if it is worth the trouble to 
train. I think from the data we have on it we should just pump 
it full of concrete, sew it up and throw her in the lake. They 
really think about the use of their pussies then. At that time 
they would cut the dam thing off and give it to anyone just to 
spend one more minute in the air." her tormentor said.

Synthia felt a firm pair of competent hands take hold of her 
neither lips and spread and manipulate them. 

"Now I don't think this one is like the others he will let me sink 
in the lake. This is a low mileage one. It could really train up 
nice if conditions are right," the new female voice said. "Lookie 
here this is a really sweet clit. I bet he lets me ring it right 
away. See it stiffen up just by our discussion.  I bet we all get
a whole lot of use out of this cunt. Lookie here. This is positively
a river in the cunt. This cunt is a comer, I tell you."

The cunts owner felt a wave of relief flow over her and then shame at
the viewing of her flow. They would not sink her in the lake, but what 
was this about her clit and what got into her cunt????.

The hands roamed over the cunt inside and out. The she felt the 
foam and the scraping of the raiser removing her bush. She was 
losing her badge of femininity to these unseen bitches but she 
could do nothing and she felt soo aroused she almost came.

"Hold still little cunt or I might remove some of your works," 
came the voice. "Boris would not like that and he might just 
write you off."

Cynthia stiffened and held her breath for the close shaving. She 
felt a wave of relief as the razor was removed but then she felt 
the tug of the tweezers on her hidden ass hole covering hair. She 
screamed and shifted from side to side but in her position Blanch 
had no problems plucking out the reluctant hairs from their home.

"There all nice and shinny like a babies but only bigger. You got 
the Drivers License for the ID photo session?" Blanch said.

"Yea hear it is. Let's get it done right here." the first voice said.

What are they doing???... Driver license???? Someone lifted her 
but and placed the plastic card under her exposed genitals. A 
number of stills were taken showing the whole world that this was 
indeed Cynthias denuded cunt.

"He wants the nipples to stick up permanently so get syringe of 
silicone." her tormentor said.

She was sat up as the ankle cuffs were detached from the "D" ring 
and her tits were teased and then the stiff nipples were stuck 
with a syringe full of silicone. As it hurt Synthia tried to 
wiggle away, but the needle went in and the silicone stiffened 
the pink bud to its current full extent permanently. It stung the
sensetive buds but that was no consern of the needle's weilder.

She felt the photographing flash of her treasured, now stiff orbs 
with the license identification.

"Can I try her our?" Blanch asked.
"You crazy lezzie bitch, If he finds out he will cut off your 
clit and hers too." the first voice said.

"He will never know unless you tell him and I know enough about 
you so you won't tell on me." came the answer.

"OK but hurry up and mop up afterwards. I'll be back in 5 
minutes. I'll get the film developing. Hurry it up or their will 
be trouble for both of us.."

The firm hands grabbed her neither lips and spread then. As
she was forced to lay back down she heard, "Now just you 
relax and let old Blanch see how sweet this tastes."

NO! NO! Synthia thought, I am not a lesbian and I will not allow 
this. As if in answer to her thoughts the hands gripped each 
labia and stretched them soo wide that her cunt felt as if it was 
ripping apart.

Cynthia spread her knees to try to alleviate the pain in her cunt 
and then she felt a wet thing massaging her clit. The stretching 
held her still and the tongue excited her. Her labedo rose to 
heights she had never before experienced. Soon the pain and 
pleasure merged and Cynthia's had a shattering cum like no other 
in her experience. Was she a lesbian? That thought shattered her 
consciousness, she questioned her whole life orentation.

A pat to her now slick cunt and a toweling off was felt and Blanch said,
"You have a real sweet cunt there. We are going to enjoy using it 
and I am really going to love teaching your tongue to do for my 
cunt and ass. I'll bet you will make a good little cunt sucker or their 
is always a the lake."

With her dried cunt she was stood up and she hears,
"All done and cleaned up?"
"Yes. I want this one for her lezzie lessions. I think she has a 
sweet taste and I bet she will give good head with the proper 
persuasion." Blanch said.

The clips were again joined to her nipples and she was lead away 
like an animal on a leash. Many turns later she was again forced 
down on her back and the familiar process of joining her ankle 
chains to the "D" ring on top of the sack caused her to show her 
formally secrete places to whom ever was there to view it.

"Not bad." a male voice said.
She felt a finger inside her vagina and another hand felt her 
labia. This was monstrous. She was reduced to cunt for what use 
could only guess. 

A slap to ass was followed by,
"Now cunt this is your audition fuck. You better make this the 
best ride you ever gave in your life. I want your best and if I 
ain't satisfied then we will show you that a weighted cunt won't 
float. HA HA HA." the gruff male voice said.

No presents, no begging, no flowers The stiff dick shot into her 
dry hole and penetrated to the cervix, and stayed there.

"I guess you are soo dumb that you don't understand. You don't 
work this dam thing we will see to it it never works again." came 
the dicks owners voice. This was punctuated by a slap to her hip.

They mean it. She tensed her muscles, like she had heard the 
whores do and she tried to jerk him off with her cunt muscles. 
She was behaving like a whore but her survival depended on her 
cunt now as never before.

"That's better. Now move those legs and give me a good ride. I 
know you are a whore and you are auditioning for the rest of your 
life. You better make this good for me." he ordered.

She pushed up and tried to swallow him with her cunt and friction 
his dick to save her existence. She had never had to please 
anyone with her cunt. She only had to lay there and let the 
foolish male do all the work. This time it was her that did 
all the work. She felt her virginal fluids flow with the 
frictioning of the plugging dick...... Why was she turning on to 
this brutality?? It had never happened before. She had never 
worked for the satisfaction of a controlling male. 

"Harder and faster you bitch. You know how to do it all you need 
is a little motivation. May be I will just cut off one of these 
nipples and you will give a better performance." came the 
demanding male voice. A tug to her left nipple convinced her that 
he was serious.

She renewed her efforts. She put her all in this fuck. She was 
rewarded with a sprit of cum and she stopped immediately. It was 
over. Did he approve. She was hot from the act and the fear in her guts.

"Not bad. But next time I don't want to have you start out soo 
slow. You feel a dick and you fuck it right out of the shoot. My 
whores are enthused with their work. They are cock hungry whores. 
Weather it is the first one of the day or the hundredth. Do you 
understand." He said while twisting her labia.

"Yes sir!!" she screamed into the bag.
"Now close your eyes so I can fix you up with your training 
helmet. I see those eyes and I will have them plucked out right 
now. You don't kneed then for your future business, but I'll be 
generous and let you keep them till they prove a problem." He ordered.

She shut her eyes tight and felt the sack being removed. Cool 
air flowed over her sweaty body. It felt good. The sack was 
replaced with a punishment helmet with no eye holes. It was 
molded to her head leaving her nose, mouth and ears exposed.
The chin strap was locked in place to guarentee it was on to stay.

"Now let me see what the mouth is like. Your are a cock sucker 
aren't you??" her unseen male tormentor said.

Cynthia answered "Please let me go I won't tell. I have never done 
it before. Please you have had me. Please."

A slap to her left tit produced a hurt it had never had before. 
She sought to cover it but he did the right one then.

"Put those hands down. Or I'll take the rest of the day breaking 
those offending fingers one by one. Now!!" he ordered. "When I say 
you are a cock sucker, YOU are a cock sucker. YOU GOT THAT!"

"Ye... Yes ...Sir." she answered and lowered her hands and ovaled 
her mouth despite her stinging tits.

What are you?" came the question.
"An inexperienced cock sucker Sir!" she replied.

"Well we will soon correct that lack of experience in your poor 
home training. You may be inexperienced but you better make up 
for it with enthausim. Lots of enthusasm!!!" He said.

She felt his slimy dick with her and his juices on it lay on her 
lipa she unfurreled her tongue. She was repulsed by just the smell. 
She frowned. She felt a slap to her left cheek.

"A cock sucker smiles when she gets the dick she is to work on and 
she smiles with a wagging tongue if she knows what is good for 
her. Now lets try that over again and this time wag that tongue 
and if I feel one tooth I will knock the offending tooth out to 
make more room for man sized dicks." the male voice said calmly.

She was blind. He could do what he said. He had her in his power 
and she was surrending her mouth to him just like she had her 
cunt. She again ovaled her mouth and set her tongue to wagging.
in prepariation for the unwanted visitor.  She hated being forced to 
service the slimy dick.... it smelled, and it tasted... well not soo bad 
but ,,,, she should.....why was her cunt tingling soo. She reached 
down to touch it but a pair of female hands stopped her.

"You leave that alone. You just suck. We will tell you when you 
get to play with a cunt. This one is off limits to you for now. When 
we want it used, we will do it ourselves."

She was horrified. She had an audience in her debauching. She 
slowed her tongue and received another cuff to the back of her head.

"Get that tongue back to working bitch. No rubbing that slimy 
pussy unless we order it. Faster tongue and more lip action along 
the shaft. You may be a tyro cock sucker but you better learn fast 
of we can drown you and start on another one of the candidates."

The mention of the lake brought her to  burst of super human 
effort in the debauching of her mouth. She even swallowed his dick 
on command. True she gagged and sputtered but she did it.

When he ordered it again she did it and sought to back away but 
this time he held her head and let her throat milk his cum down to 
her stomach while she struggled for air. She felt, as 
consciousness fled, that he was drowning her with his cum. She had 
the biggest cum of her short life as her consciousness fled........
                ***************
She hopped that it was all a bad dream when she started to wake 
up, but the helmet was still over her eyes and now her hands were 
imprisoned at her waist. The taste of stale cum in her mouth 
assured her that she had indeed done the sucking she hoped was a dream.

"Well I think she will have to be trained extensively in the 
lezzie art of licking." Blanches voice said. 

That bitch, she thought, she just wants me for her own use. Sure 
she had got me to cum but.... well.... I don't want to... I am 
not ... I mean he had me too and his dick had me... She was 
confused and thoughts of the previous time had her rational mind 
confused.

Hands pulled her right nipple. She cried out but sat up at the 
insistent tug, Her hands were denied to her.

"OK bitch now I see you have a gold card so you are going to sign 
over $400 for our services here now and we want your pin number 
so we can start withdrawing your bank finances. Now we can do 
this now or we can do some hole punching on these cunt lips 
without the anesthetic till you decide to sign and give." he said 
with a tug to her neither lips.

At the stick of a needle in her neither lip and she cried out 
"56743!!! I'll sign anything but don't hurt me."

"This is going to be an easy bitch, but if this is not the right 
number you will have to try the swim with a full cunt." he 
commented. "Joan you take her clothes and car go to her place get 
the bank records and stop at an auto teller and withdraw some 
money, to see if she is cooperating."

She was given a pen and she blindly signed the credit slop.
"OK you want it easy so we will just fill you up and put you away 
for the moment." he said.

A pair of large dildos were stuffed in her cunt and ass. and 
she was hung upside down by her right leg. The dildos were 
started. A pair of ear phones were put over her ears so she heard 
only what they wanted her to hear.

What was happening to her. She was terrified, and disorientated. 
The slightest move acted to cause her to vibrate for some time.
Then an alligator clip snapped on her clitoris. she screamed and 
started to flop around like a freshly netted fish. Then the 
earphones began to instruct her.

The computer voice told her she was an apprentice whore and she 
desired to do nothing but cum and please her new owners. This 
was punctuated with a shock to her clit. The message repeated over 
and over and each time she received a shock. She came each time. 

Then after an hour of so she was instructed to repeat the message. 
She was rewarded with painful shocks for each deviation in the message.

Soon she heard own her voice. She repeated the message over and 
over for the rest of the day. First the recording of her voice and 
then her own voice till in her mind these were her own thoughts.

"I am an apprentice whore. I need this training to become a full whore 
for my owners. I will fuck and suck from this day forth for them. 
I will give up all future life to their control."

In eight hours she was horse but she was their little fuck bunny. 
Her former life was a blur. She would be a good whore for all 
time that remained to her.




                 Torture Botique 2

She was taken down and bathed. She was kept blind and 
restrained. Female hands washed every part of her and paid 
particular attention to her slit. A razor was used to clear away 
the stubble from her day of training. She was made to pee and 
given an enema to assure she was cleaned out. Then she was douched 
with ice water to bring her our of her relaxed state with a bang. 
Shivering from the cold invasion of her formally private hole, 
she was lead by a leash attached to a spring clip locked on her 
labia. (It hurt like hell when it was snapped shut on the 
shrinking lip, but more when the blood flowed at it's release.)

She was pushed down on a pebbled surface and instructed spread 
her knees wide apart. Then she heard,

"Now we begin my part of your training." Blanches voice said, "I 
asked for you special. Now put your hands under those knees and 
keep them there. If they move I will try to see if I can slap 
those tit bags flat. Like this!" SPLAT!!!!

OH NO!!!! That bitch Blanch... She screamed and tried to soothe 
her burning left tit, but the command came,

"Get those palms under those bony knees, NOW!!! Or I will really 
lay it into you NOW This minute you lazy slut. I'll teach you to 
appreciate the female is deadlier of the species, even in 
humans." Blanch commanded. "The stinging will keep you awake and 
help with your attention span. During my phase of your evaluation."

She did as ordered. Her weight crushed her hands to the rough 
surface. With her spread legs and imprisoned hands she bent over 
and her hanging tits were presented as a perfect target for what 
ever Blanch wished to do to them. She was more alert to this 
'evaluation' than she had ever been before in her life.

"The position is good but the cunt is not stretched. Have the 
bitch spread it out till I can see inside it." came a male voice 
from behind her. She turned red all over but the stinging breast 
kept her in position. She crabbed sideways to open her ass more to 
her audiences satisfaction. Her crotch spread and her tendons 
threatened to snap but she did it. She sought to please them, 
whoever they were.

A hand entered her slit from behind and a finger sunk into her 
captive vagina. She stiffened but otherwise did not move for the 
consequences were fresh in her mind.

"Juice this up you ungrateful bitch." came the male voice. "I told 
you yesterday that this is to be ready to accept dicks or 
anything else I want to put in it at any time. Did you forget 
during your restful long sleep? Do I have to retrain you all 
over again today?" the male voice ordered.

What do they think I.....

Her thoughts were caught short by the splat to her right tit. As 
She again experienced the effect of Blanches thick leather strap.
She screamed but held the required position. She thought of the 
previous day when she fucked the tormentors dick. She concentrated 
and then she felt a female hand on her clit. The two acted to get 
her juicing in no time. (In her previous life this would never 
happen till she got an expensive present, or a suitable period of  begging.)

"That is better isn't it cunt." Blanch said as she tugged on the 
expanding clit posessively. "I know how to bring this to it's 
full potential. Don't I cunt?" Blanch commented.

"Yes mistress." she answered respectfully, for any other answer 
would surely bring hurt to her tits. That bitch was in position 
of her very center and Blanch knew how to push all the buttons.

The finger in her cunt withdrew. A hand seized her shrinking left 
boob and she heard, "Now how many cunts have you licked, you 
little slut? I bet you are experienced after your juicing 
yesterday at the very touch of this." Blanch said giving her clit 
a knowing tug.

"None Mistress", she answered in a whisper. She was not sure 
that this was the answer required but it was the truth.

"Oh lordy, well ain't that a bitch. I got me a cherry. Stick out 
that slimy tongue and let me see how far out it can go." came the 
lesbians order. "I might have to lengthen it for the proceedings today."

She stuck out her pink tongue and it was immediately seized with 
a pair of pliers. They pulled the tongue to it's fullest extent 
and then some. She tried to scream and started to move her hands.

Her thoughts of fighting stopped when a hand squeezed her right 
tit and Blanchs voice said,

"You better cooperate. If you resist I will just pull it out and 
then you will be no use to me at all. Then I will have you 
weighted and sunk in the lake as useless. I bet you would be 
real willing to cooperative in those last moments."

She quickly forgot the use of her hands and kept them imprisoned 
under her knees. She tried to cooperate with the her demanding 
mistress. She hoped that Blanch would not exceed her tongues 
limits . At any moment she felt the delicate organ would tear but 
it stretched some. Then she then felt a stinging pain in the 
stretched organ, as a thick needle was pushed through it. The 
needle was followed by a 4" diameter ring, thus insuring that she 
could not withdraw her tongue to its former protective home. They 
couldn't. They wouldn't, but they had.

"AHHHHHHAAAAHHHHHH" She tried to shake the thing off but 
it was in there to stay. She felt the ring on her lips and it forced her 
nose to bend away from it's metal hardness. She lifted her head 
to balance the ring on her face like a seal balancing a ball on it's nose.

"Now we can be assured that your tongue will stay out and be 
available for it's training. I know it hurts you but you didn't 
think that it would be all sweetness and nice nice during your 
training did you?? I mean a whore like you probably likes it 
rough most of the time anyway. Maybe we should use a cigarette 
on the tip to increase the sensitivity before we proceed."

"Yea a whore like this likes it anyway she can get it." a male 
voice added. "But this is just the evaluation. Sensitivity 
training comes later if she is worthy of the schooling."
 
She could only make sounds like a dumb animal and concentrate on 
the fingers at her tits and now her clit. Anything to escape the 
pain in her tongue. She would lick anything ... even Blanches 
shit if she would only take out the ring. She hurt and she was 
climbing the sexual peak also. What was happening to her? Were 
they right as she really a pain seeking whore... a lesbian???? No 
this could not be happening to her. she had always been so much 
in control of her sexual activity. Now she was controlled by .....

Her hands were crushed. Her cunt and tits possessed by others and 
her poor tongue .... Her precious tongue was a prisoner of these 
fiends. She was ..... coming?? She was their obedient servant. 
She would do, be anything they required... The consequences were 
too horrible to contemplate. Were they really that horrible....

"Now that I have your attention. I hope you will prove an 
attentive student for the licking of my ass hole. I know you 
have previously decided to do cocks with this but now cunts will 
be, you say new to you. I know you will just LOVE them better than 
those greasy cocks you had previously. Now I will be useing your 
tongue as toilette paper for a while. To show that I don't kneed to 
solder this size of ring permanently in place you will try real hard to
convince me. What do you think. You want to be my little toilette 
mouth for a while??" Blanch asked.

She needed no time to decide. She would do anything to stop this 
terrible pain in her tongue. She nodded her head implicidally. 
The flopping of the ring hurt and she hoped by agreeing to 
anything to have it's speedy removal. She would lick anything to 
get her tortured organ released and safely back in its place.

She felt a hand pull the ring up and slowly remove the large ring 
but as it withdrew another smaller stud followed it into the 
shrinking organ. It like her was still a prisoner of these fiends.

"This little stud will allow me to pull the dam thing out when I 
wish to without any arguments in future. Also it will remind you 
of what this tongue is for and whose it is." Blanch explained.

"Now let me feel the little thing in its initial lick. You better 
be a quick study as I do not like exposing my ass hole to the 
guys here. Gives them the idea I might be had. It is OK for a 
common whore like you but a respectable Lesbian like me has an 
abhorrence of that sort of thing. Now show me that enthusiasm you 
would for a slimy dick from those experienced holes of yours" 

She felt the ass cheeks on her facial cheeks and she sought out 
the ass hole of her tormentor. The hurting pierced organ sought 
out the neither hole. If told that she would be doing this 
yesterday she would have thought the teller was insane. She was 
guided by the smell and the ancient smell brain aided her in her 
abhorrent task. Where was that stinking hole??.....

She found and licked it. She found it disgusting and then she 
sensed the bright lights. What were they ....

"Lift up that face more bitch. Smile pretty for your daub as an 
ass licker for the enjoyment of all. The boys like to see the 
whole face of their ass lickers in the skin magazines." a male voice said.

What!!!! They were filming this... NO NO!!!! She would ....
A female hand closed over her right tit and squeezed and twisted.

"You don't pull that shy virginal shit on me bitch. Go on with 
the licking and I want lots of licking and fluttering of that 
thing. Or maybe I should just pull it out and then I can think of 
your struggles as I wipe my ass with it months from your tragic
drowning." Blanch ordered.

Their was nothing she could do... She tilted her head as required 
and fluttered her tongue. She was there and they had her captive 
to their lust. .... Why was her cunt juicing soo?? She was a 
normal respectable woman. A bit of a tease, but well this was 
.... Her body betrayed her. She came when Blanch ordered,

"Now show me how much you love me, bitch. French kiss that hole, 
and it better have all your skill. I still got the pliers out, 
and they grip that stud real easy."

She stiffened her wounded organ and sank it to the stud in Blanch.
She tasted the essence of Blanch. She would be sick... Still if 
she did that the pliers would .... No she remembered how she 
drove Ken wild during the courting time, frenching him (of course 
then it was his mouth and then it was for money but this was for 
her life). She would try with all her skill on Blanches neither hole.

She forced her tongue in the tight grommet and wiggled it around. 
The stud was pressed into the tender flesh and hurt her, but it 
also reminded her that this was for real. These fiends were not 
playing. They meant every word. She could not shake her tits or 
wiggle her ass and get away from the consequences this time. 

Why did this give her a shattering cum??? This only happens to 
whores. She was not ......What was she becoming??

"Did the little pussy have a good cum?? That better not stop you 
any more. I was just getting there and you better get on with it 
and NOW!!! No more slacking if you come OK, but my servicing is 
what is important to you well being." Blanches voice intruded.

She fluttered and sank the tongue to it's fullest and worked till 
Blanch had three orgasms. She was covered with sweat and fowl 
smelling moisture from the ass cheeks pressing on her when she heard,

"Not bad for a first time. I bet we could train that mouth and 
tongue to lick the mare to orgasms. What say guys. All the whores 
get to suck off the stallion, but poor the mare always gets left 
out??"  Blanch inquired. "I bet this bitch would be real good at that end."

What a horse?? Suck off a stallion?? A mare.... No they 
couldn't... they wouldn't.... but she knew they might, what would she do.......

"Now that you have developed such a love for my ass hole, I'm 
going to let you work up to my cunt and see if you find it as 
good eating as my ass. Aren't you the lucky little whore today? I 
bet you will never have soo much fun in your short life. Just 
think of it as the culmination of your life. If I don't like the 
results I can shorten your life to meer minutes." Blanch admonished.




                       Torture Boutique #3

She was positioned on her back, on the pebbled surface, and 
Blanchs cunt lowered onto her face. She sought out the new hole 
for her servicing. Her saliva dripped from the recently vacated 
ass hole onto her helmet and down onto her cheeks.. The fishy 
smell aided her blinded pierced tongue to its target. Her nose 
was in the way but it almost fit in the slicked ass hole and this 
let her work on her tormentor.

"No bull shit bitch. Get it in there and find my "G" spot. I 
still got the pliers you like soo much. Here let me demonstrate." Blanch said.

The serrated teeth found her right nipple and painfully closed 
on the stiffened bud. The teeth twisted the nipple like the switch 
on a TV and the pain drove her to greater efforts.

She sank her tongue in to the stud and fluttered it to its 
fullest. She found a lot of moisture from the previous cums but 
she sought further for the fabled spot as ordered. She fluttered 
as the hurt increased. Thoughts of her former love making fled. 
She sought to please this hole. Her whole world was now giving 
pleasure to this sloppy, lose hole. Her days of holding back were 
over. This was servicing and she had better do it right.

"Stop floundering around there bitch. Don't pull that virginal 
shit on me. You know where it is. You are a woman. Was that wimp 
you married a needle dick. I know their was someone with enough 
dick to show you where it is. Of was it a cucumber that you 
used." Blanch said, twisting the captive nipple. "Get those hands 
out of the way or I'll have then nailed to the supports."

She fluttered and fluttered and then she found the spot. The cunt 
began to flow. At first she thought Blanch was pissing on her but 
no she was flowing. She had the spot. Noone had found hers but 
now she knew what she was feeling for. She concentrated her efforts.

Blanch continued toying with her nipple but with less pressure, 
and then she felt a dick at her hole. NO!!! They couldn't, but 
they did. Well she could shift her cunt and see if she could 
friction this new dick on her own spot. Was this a whores 
behavior?? She didn't care. Anything to get this bitch off and 
stop the grip of those pliers on her tender nipple.

"Don't even think about slowing down and you better start fucking 
Paul too or I will give him the pliers to speed up that cunt." Blanch ordered.

She serviced and serviced her clients and built a powerful cum for 
her self. Previously this would have been unthinkable. She could 
cum but not like this.... She would...... The dick did not find 
her spot, and then....

The dick slipped out and her legs were lifted up. She was soo 
close why did he have to stop? That bastard knew she was going 
to cum. Then she felt the slimy thing seeking out and 
spearing her ass hole. She tried to protest but the 
pliers on her tits kept her tongue fluttering in Blanches hole 
and the dick drove forcefully past her small grommet and paused. 
Her former virginal hole sought to stop the invader. The new 
invasion caused a spasm of her cunt and ass. She shifted 
position to try to accommodate the new experience. It hurt, 
at first, The muscles slowly gave up the fight and opened to 
accommodate the new tenant. When he slammed it all in the second 
time she felt pressure in her throat. Then he began to slowly 
withdraw from the now clutching hole. Now he began to set up his 
rhythm in 'his new place'. The landlord accepted him and as the 
sawing continued and the pain gave way to..... NO it couldn't be....

"This bitch is real tight assed. I bet you were right. She was 
married to a needle dick wimp, but I know just the thing to open 
this up." The dicks owner commented.

The dick paused at the rim of the violated ass hole withdrew 
slightly and then the fucker slammed the dick to the fuckee. 
She screamed into Blanches cunt as the muscles in her ass sought 
relief to accommodate the further expanse in her. Then she felt the 
balls sack slap on her ass cheeks. She had it all finally. He had 
been using only half his dick at first.... the bastard she 
thought. She felt a pressure in her mouth. NO it couldn't be......

She sought to please her mistress and she was building a cum of 
her own. The smell and feel of the hole, the pain of the nipple 
manipulation, and the stuffing and now sawing of her ass hole 
combined to drive her over the edge. She saw stars and rockets 
and........ then blackness. Was this heaven???

Se awoke aware of a pressure on her left ankle and a pounding in 
her head. She was saying... or was she hearing over and over... 
as she hung upside down like a one legged bat.

"I am a whore. I want to be a slut. I will do anything to get all 
the dicks and cunts I can. I want any thing any type of sex I can 
get please help me cum. PLEASE!!!!!" in her own voice. Her cunt 
was full to the brim with her own juices.

She began to think of the message and she began to repeat it over 
and over again. Was this her idea?? Did she really want.....

"Well the little cunt is back with us again. You have a nice 
nap?? Blanch wanted to snuff you right there. She came but she 
says you still owe her.... Well you are really for it during her 
next session. I would not want to be you then." a male voice said.

"OK Let's get you your beauty treatment so you will be ready for 
'Charm School' if you are accepted. I know you want to be at your 
sluttiest for that." the male voice said.

A cold steel gurney was slid under her and her ankle was released 
from the hanging device. Her back spasimed with the cold metal 
and then her knees were forced to her tits and secured by her 
ears. Her hands were cuffed to the gurney legs and she was 
wheeled to her 'beauty' treatment.

She felt the breeze on her spread exposed pubis. She was just a 
cunt going she knew not where. She thought of the many things she 
had got for that cunt. Now it was dripping just thinking what 
they might do to it in this her new life.

A couple of turns and a couple of twirls guarenteeded that she 
was totally disorientated. Then she felt the hot lights on her exposed sex.

A rough hand examined her labia and explored her hole.
"Well this bitch is progressing. Slut is wet and ready for a nice 
dick or anything. Good slut." a male voice commented and patted 
her neither lips. "Yep if you didn't grow soo much hair here we 
could just go on to the next station but, well, the electrolysis 
will cure that, if not this time, then in times to come."

The pain of the electrolysis was bad on her lips but the pesky 
bits around her ass hole brought screams soo bad they stuffed a 
rubber ball in her mouth to keep from distracting the technician 
in his work. 

"Got to look our sluttiest for your next interview, you little 
whore, you" the technician commented as he fingered her clit and 
tore out her hair.

After what seemed like an eternity of pain, her cunt was 
pronounced done. It was again photographed and she was wheeled on 
to the next station.

"Well what do we have here? Oh yes, Blanch wants this one to have 
twenty small rings or maybe we just sew on a zipper so she can do 
lezzies exclusively." a kindly female voice offered.

"That bitch Blanch is soo possessive. She wants all the cute cunts 
for her self and never thinks of the male customers. Just a 
couple of rings in the nipples and here in the labia." the male 
voice ordered. "Besides a zipper would irritate everyone, but we 
will try it on the next dog we get to see the effect. Now hurry 
up. As she is gagged no need for anesthetic, just do it."

What a zipper, .... rings.... They could not do this. How could 
they .....AWWWWWWWW She thought as her left nipple was captured 
and set afire with pain. 

"Big or small ring?" questioned the female voice.
"Small one for now." came the male response.

She felt the ring follow the needle out of the recently made 
hole in her left nipple. They did her other nipple and cunt lips 
in a quick business like manner, despite the gurgling protests 
and flopping as she tried to stop them. They were damaging her... 
then she felt the stud on her tongue. she sank back and did not 
offer any more protests.

"Now bitch, you just relax. If you had a pretty Christmas tree 
wouldn't you put ornaments on it?? Well we do the same with the 
cunts we have in our little 'Charm School" here. They make nice 
places to hand on bigger ornaments. If you don't settle down I 
can see that we will have to put some ten pound weights on right 
now. I bet you would be an absolute statue then." the male voice 
whispered in her ear.

She was hurting with the rings but weights...... She sensed her 
struggles and was wheeled to the next station.

"OK now we kneed to record your incoming form. Stand up and lets 
see how they hang." came the command. She was released from the 
gurney and stood up. The weights on her caused her to reach for 
them but a swat to her ass stopped this immediately.

"Stop that bitch I told you we want to see how they hang. You 
think they are heavy now, think what ten pounds will do to 
them." Came the order from the male voice.

"This one has possibilities. Turn to the side and then bend over 
and let um hang dear," came a female voice.

"Yea let's see if they got to be redone. Put the hands behind the 
head so they really hang for us." another male voice commanded.

What was she on exhibit?? She smelled cigar smoke and 
cigarettes. What was she doing here. What did he say do them 
again. Oh please let them be ok!!!

"OK OK, Not bad. Bitch turn around spread um, and let us see the 
business end." Came a male voice command.

She was blind nude and decked out like some... some bondage 
whore. What could she do. She turned and spread her legs and 
exposed her secrete places to how many eyes????

"Yea they got those rings in good. Sam, give the pierce an extra 
hundred from this bitches account. I know she appreciates them 
soo much. Now turn around so we can see the tits and belly 
better." came the order.

She turned and sought to cover her self. This earned her a swat 
to her ass and the order, "Keep those hands down, bitch. Don't do 
anything to hide the assets. WHORES like you need all the exposure you can get."

"Yea with this," a hand slid over her flat stomach to the 
recently denuded crotch "and the bank account to pay her fees I 
think we got a keeper here, that is if she wants to be trained." 
a male voice said.

"Show her the video first and then remove the gag and see what 
her choice is." came the other male voice.

"Come along dear." the sweet female voice said as a hands grabbed 
her right tit ring and pulled her forward. She would follow that 
tit ring anywhere.

She was lead around some corners and forced to her knees. Her 
head was captured in a box and the eye patches on her helmet were 
removed. A screen lit up in front of her and she had trouble 
with the light after being blind soo long. A video of a cunt 
struggling appeared on the screen. Just a cunt and then some 
hands forced a tube up the hole and then forced a mixture of 
white stuff inside. It seemed slow going and it was not pleasant 
for the cunt. This much was evident. Then she noticed the audio.

"No please I will do anything. I promise I won't fuck up any 
more. Just give me one more chance." the cunts owner pleaded. As 
she now noticed the video showed a cunt with a number of rings.

"You had your chance bitch. It is too late now the cement is the 
quick hardening kind. We just have to do your ass and you will 
sink like a rock. Besides with no cunt we don't kneed you any 
more. Shut her up with the gage. She don't have anything more to 
say we want to hear anyway." a male voice said.

The tube was placed in the ass hole and a great deal more of the 
white stuff was forced inside.

Now the camera zoomed back and a dark woman with jet black hair 
was lowered to the floor from the gurney. She staggered with the 
increased weight in her belly. A woman came in with a hand full 
of safety pins and proceeded to close up her pussy lips through 
the rings and soldered them closed.

"Now bitch we go for a little boat ride, and you get to try out 
the new antiflotation gear." She recognized Blanchs voice and saw 
her for the first time. Blanch seemed to love this part of her 
work. The victim shook her head and tried to stop them but it was 
hopeless as she was dragged outside to a dock and waiting boat.

The video cut to a scene on a boat and the girl was struggling to 
stay on board, but Blanch clipped chains to her nipple rings and 
cunt rings, that were attached to a buoy and gunned the boat off 
about 20 feet. The chains forced the woman to stay with the buoy. 
So she dropped into the water, and submerged. 

Blanch backed the boat up and fished around till she found the 
woman and lifter her up by her hair.

"You ain't really trying, bitch. Just like in "Charm School" you 
should be kicking and trying for some time. You will spoil the 
video if you don't at least rip out the rings or safety pins. Try 
bitch. Who knows? Maybe I gave you less than 100 lbs. You might 
make it to shore!!" 

The boat pulled away a little and the woman struggled and fought 
for a short time before submerging again. 

The screen went dark and the female voice said "That could be 
repeated tonight, if you want to try it. Incidentally Blanch put 
110 lbs in that bitch. She was a trouble maker and this video 
seems to keep all the girls, especially the ones who knew her, in 
line with their lesions."

A light came on and she was imprisoned in a box covering her 
head and shoulders. Her tits were outside the enclosure and she 
felt a female hand playing with her nipple rings. Scratching the 
aerolias with the long nails.




                        Torture Boutique #4

   Cynthia was scared out of her mind. The video, the rings, 
the.... She would do anything for these people. She would .... no 
matter what it was she would. She should be dry and shriveled up 
inside, why was she running like a river from her hole??

   "Now dear don't let me rush you but it takes some time to mix up 
the cement. Blanch is soo fussy with the mix proportions. Do you 
want to stay with us and try "Charm School" or do you want to 
sleep with the fishes tonight??" the female voice asked.

   She nodded she gurgled anything to get the message across. the 
damn gag robbed her of her ability to accept, or plead, or 
anything.

   "Oh well if that's the way you want it." came the sweet female 
voice. The eye patches covered her eyes and the box was removed.

   The female hands pulled her tit rings and led her to a table and 
forced her down on her back. Straps secured her hips and her  knees
were raised to her tits again and she felt a hose being  stuffed in
her cunt.

   "NO NO!!!!NONONO!!!" she tried to get them to stop she would do 
it "ANYTHING ANYTHING PLEASE!" but all that came out was a 
gurgling sound and a shaking of her head.

   Then Blanches voice came through to her, "I guess that you
didn't  like the zipper idea, oh well I guess this is better
anyway. Now  don't you go away I got cement to mix, but then you
know that. I  know you liked dicks better and after all we have soo
many of the  straight girls anyway."

   She was trying everything she could to get her message across. 
Her struggles were many and frantic but they seemed to attract no 
attention. Some one anyone .....She would do anything. Please let 
me live.... The sound of the mixer started and she was lost.

   "What another one for fish bate Blanch? What does that make
three  of four this week?" a male voice said. Her savior!!!!

   Cynthia sensed he was right beside her she slid as far over as 
she could and rubbed her head against his sleeve, trying to get 
him to understand. She would be his. She would drink his piss,  eat
his shit anything just stop this crazy bitch......

   "What do you know I think she wants to by my little piggie from 
now on. Ain't that right???" he asked, fondling her left breast.

   She nodded soo hard her head almost fell off. She would be his 
for as long as she lived. He could have that tit of the other  one,
or both of them for that matter.... Just get her away from  that
bitch....

   "Blanch stop the mixer and clean it out. I think this little 
piggie will be mine for a while. You can have her if she 
displeases me but for now she will eat out of my ass, won't you 
piggie?" she heard her savior say. 

   She nuzzled his hand. She would do it. He saved her from Blanch 
and the concrete. Yes she would eat his shit. Anything he would 
name ..... anything.....

   He released her from the gurney and attached a leash to the "D"
ring  on her helmet and ordered,

   "Down on all fours like a nice little piggie and follow me to my 
quarters for the evening. I have some ass licking I need done and 
tomorrow you can start the 'Charm School'." he ordered. She did 
not even think about disobeying. She got on all fours and  followed
the tug of the leash. In her former days she would have  rather
died than do this for anyone, but when faced with the  alternative
she got down and followed blindly.

   "Just remembered that you stopped me when she fucks up and we 
have to mix up a new batch of cement." Blanch gave a parting shot.

   She crawled along beside him and he kicked her tits every soo 
often. She didn't care. She must deserve it. She would let him do 
anything. He was her savior. He tugged her to a halt and haled  her
up on her knees.

   "Joan, look at the pretty little piggie that wants to stay with 
me. Blanch wanted to have her all to her self and she just wanted 
to come with me." her owner said. "Ain't this a cute piggie. The 
tits need more silicone and she needs training but the raw 
material is all here."

   A female voice said "That is a new pig. You have to feed and
care  for it. Or it would be better if you let Blanch kill it now." 
Cynthia felt a hand squeeze her tits and then explore her  stomach.
When the hand sought entrance to her slit she spread and  tilted
back to give greater access.

   "Well maybe later but now she wants to eat my shit and clean my 
ass don't you piggie??" he asked.

   She nodded quicker than anything she had done in her live. She 
wanted to live. She would..... The hand slipped in her cunt. She 
was wet again... Did she ever stop....

   "Well she seems to be OK." the female voice said, wiping her
damp  hand on Cynthia's chest, "Maybe she will be a good fuck
bunny, her  hole is damp enough now. Maybe Blanch just used the
wrong  technique. She should have used a bigger dildo." 

   "Come on piggie. Din din is causing me cramps." he said as he 
pulled her along the corridor. She was really eager to get where 
they were going, in hopes no one else they met wanted her disposed 
of.

   "I thought that bitch wanted to swim for it?" came another male 
voice in their path. 

   "Naw, just a misunderstanding. She is going to make me a good 
piggie, with a little training and the 'Charm School' will soften 
the rough spots I don't, soon enough. Just feel those tits will 
you. I bet she has the potential to do tit fucks in a few days. 
Here feel um." Her owner asked.

   She knelt up and actually begged for the unseen strangers hands
to  feel her soft tits. A day of so ago she would have rather been 
dead than offer her treasured tits to anyone. Today they were 
offered to all comers, and she was exhibited to be felt up.

   "You know tits do nothing for me. Have it turn and show me the 
ass hole. Is it real tight??" the strange voice asked.

   She needed little encouragement. She spread and bent over. A
kick  to her knees brought a painful spread and then she was
ordered.

   "Use those good for nothing hands to spread those cheeks. We 
can't see inside very well, and tilt it up to face the man. You 
have to make allowances for her for now she has not been schooled 
in the art of display yet."

   "Well she is nice and I can see the lubricant glistening from
the  cunt hole." the second male commented, running his hands up
and  down her exposed slit. He paused at the tight little brown 
grommet that was her ass hole. She shuttered and came when his 
finger forced it's way inside and flexed the joints inside her.

   "Yea that is what I liked about her the other day. She juices up 
at the drop of a hat." her current owner boasted.

   "I may drop by to drop a load in that ass tonight after I get 
off work." the second male said, withdrawing his finger and  wiping
it on her ass.

   "Yea come by. I know she will keep a wet cunt for you or anyone 
else you care to bring along. This cunt can not get enough can  you
honey?" he said rimming her ass hole with his fingers.

   She grunted her approval. She needed all the 'frinedleys' she 
could get. If that bitch Blanch got her ass she was a cooked 
goose. She would rather be one supper fuck bunny for anyone her 
owner brought in. She would fuck her way to friendships anytime 
now. A yank to her helmet caused her to happily resume her journey 
to her owners room. The apprentice ass licker is here.

   "I got to take a piss and I know you want to take of it for me, 
DON'T YOU?" he said. "Else wise I might get the idea that you are 
getting back to the old ways Blanch was seeking to cure."

   "Yes sir!!" She answered without hesitation. Then she ovaled her 
mouth and felt the cock tip at her lips. She was actually thirsty 
enough to enjoy the salty moisture. She drank his piss like it  was
fine champagne, and in a way it was to her.

   "Yes sir this is going to be a nice night for you little
piggie."  He said. She could think of no greater horror than this
in her  former life. Her, Cynthia Evens, nude at a mans feet
drinking his  piss from his dick. Not only drinking the warm wet
stuff but  enjoying it. She started to drip at the thought she
followed the  stream and licked off the last drop from the dick and
had a cum  doing it.

   Then she captured the tip of his cock and sucked for all she was 
worth. She wanted to be fucked and by this hardening of his cock 
maybe he would want her cunt. Just maybe.... She dripped and 
fluttered. She even used her tongue stud to give him a trip  around
the world to encourage him.

   "Does little fuck piggie need a dick??" he asked.

   "Yes please!!" she said turning around and spreading her knees
to  their widest in anticipation of his dick. She wanted .... she 
desired ..... No she NEEDED THIS FUCK.

   "Nice little piggie. Now reach up and grab the lip rings and
pull  up out to the fullest to stretch the holes. Yea like that."
he  ordered.

   She pulled her labia by the rings and even through the hurt she 
was building her orgasm.  She commenced to 
wiggle and moan like some common slut. (In her former life she 
would have died before she anything like this, but now that dick 
in her was central to her life in many ways.)

   She felt him kneel behind her presented ass and felt his dick at 
her labia minor rubbing her clit. She was soo overjoyed she came 
right then and moaned for more. 

   She came four times when he sank his dick in her sloppy hole,
and  gently ran her nails over his swaying balls. She hoped he
would  last forever. She was a coming machine. She was ..... he
pulled  out in mid come for her and pierced her ass hole before she
could  react.

   One minute it was there building ..... then  it slipped out..... 
then it sunk in her newly opened ass hole. She grunted and  shifter
to allow him greater access to his desired hole. She came  anyway.
She went on with her cum in spite of his change of holes.  She
fingered her clit and flexed her ass to give him the ride he 
desired.

   "Yes sir, step right up, two holes. No waiting. Fuck the piggie 
and win a cum!!!" he laughed.

   She was soo out on a cloud that she liked his words. She was 
coming soo much that this was better than any sex she had had and 
she just let herself go.

   The dick swelled up and up and finally spurted out a steady 
stream of thick milky cum. In her agitated state she wanted more.

   "Well piggie I think you better clean up my crotch and get to 
that ass licking me to sleep. When I wake in the morning I want  to
find you right there face to ass. Got it??" he said after he  haD
cum with a roar.

   "Yes sir" she said anxious to lick his ass for the night, maybe 
she could entice him to.....

   "Oh yea Pat may come by and want the use of piggies ass. You
just  stick it up and give it to him. We are buddies and I want to
show  him a good time. You got that??" he asked.

   "Yes Sir" she said to her new target ass hole. She would suck
and  fuck all night. She was his property and she would obey him 
implicitly. Besides she now needed more cums.

   "Oh yea if Joan comes in, she may want some of that tongue too.
It  is ok to leave my ass for her but when she is done get back to
my  ass. I might have to shit or something, You got that."

   "Yes sir!!" she said cringing inside. She was now a party favor. 
Who did he think he was that he could... She felt the stud in her 
tongue as she pierced his ass hole grommet, and her tit rings 
pulled with the position and it all came back to her. Yes she 
would gladly do anything for him.




                          Torture Botique #5

   Cynthia was sore in the cunt and ass and her tongue felt like it
would fall off when he woke up.

   His friends came at her all night long. she fucked and sucked
her way to popularity, she hoped. If not it was not for lack of
trying on her part. She never came so much in her entire life.

   She followed him to the bathroom and did her duty. Then he took
her into the shower with him. He instructed her in the art of
washing him with her tits. She rubbed and rubbed to his
satisfaction and did not complain when the tit rings pulled her
breasts cruelly. She was doing this for her savior. She would do it
for him. He saved her from Blanch.

   He then left her in the shower with the water turned to cold to
invigorate her for her new day's tasks. She was about to object
when he said running his hand over her mound,

   "Sure be a shame to have this filled in and dumped."

   She stood under the freezing shower for as long as he wanted.
Then he had her force some ice cubes into her cunt and ass to
assure she was prepared for the days lessons.

   She was shivering on the verge of convulsions when he had her
get down to all fours and crawl around for him. Her swaying ass
turned him on and he used her ass hole. (It was easier for her now
that her ass hole had been given soo much attention during the past
night.) She tried to use his little dick to warm her whole ass but
it was not to be.

   "Why you stuck up bitch!" he exclaimed, "One night and you fell
in love with a bigger dick or something?? You don't cum for me
anymore?? Where is that strap of mine."

   "No, Please no!! I love you and your dick. It is just that I am
soo tired and cold. Please let me rest I will do anything for you.
Haven't I proved it last night with all your friends?" she begged.

   The strap caught her tits across the nipples and drove the rings
further into the meat. She screamed and turned over to protect
them. He went to work on her ass and she was sure he made hamburger
out of it. When he stopped he dragged her to her knees and ordered,

   "Get those hands down now or I'll let Blanch cut them off."

   She lowered her hands and he used the strap a couple of more
times to her tits. She screamed but kept her hands away from the
punished area. He was in charge and she must have deserved it.

   "Now get down on all fours and lets get you tits expanded. I
want them to be at their fullest when you are with me. I mean those
shriveled red bags were ok for a tease like you were before, but
you are a whore now and they have to look full. Else wise it is a
bad refection on me." He ordered.

   
she thought, besides the strap had caused them to swell up to a
larger size so the filling would reinforce this larger size, but it
was his wish.

   She crawled along to the lab and was fastened to a table face
down with her tits dangling through two holes placed at the
appreciate spot for the female anatomy. Two weights were attached
to her nipple rings and gravity pulled them almost to the floor.

   She was left in this position for a half hour to insure the
stretch was not chinked and a half moon collar with three needles
full of silicone was placed in contact with the underside of the
tit meat. They were driven deep in the tits. Then the viscous
silicone was forcefully injected to balloon the tit to a nice round
orb. Another half hour was allowed to insure the silicone had set
up permanent resident in the now larger tit.

   The tits former owners screams and discomfort were muted by a
ball gag and Cynthia had been imprisoned to the rack before the
procedure was begun. So she could just lay there and be
'beautified'.

   When she was released from the rack she sought to hold up the
now straining orbs. This was not allowed as she compelled to crawl
down the hall again on her owners leash. The heavy weights swinging
from her chest was guaranteed to stretch the skin for future
expansion. As she was still blinded by the helmet she was even
denied the sight of the new larger organs.

   They made quite a sight on Cynthia's small frame. Soon she would
be the ideal whore, all tits and ass. Her ordeal was now to enter
a new phase.

   She was brought again before the evaluation committee and her
new expanded tits were examined, measured and photographed. She was
proud of her tits before and now she was horrified at what they had
been expanded to.

   "Now that is better!!" a male voice began. "With the stick up
nipples this whore will harden dicks at the show today. Let's let
her be a roving cock sucker for the show. Get one of the hostesses
to manage her for the afternoon. Yes sir I think we got a winner
here boys and girls."

   "Yes she has the studded tongue and a lot of practice using it.
I bet with her talents we sell out the creations for today." a
female voice said.

   "I guess that she's ready. Ain't you piggie?" her master said.

   What could she say?? " Yes sir" was all that she could think of
that would not bring punishment. The pull of gravity hurt, but she
had gone through many things before to make her self beautiful for
some purpose of her own. Now she served an group of unseen managers
to sell dresses???

   A cunt smell came close to her nose and a male said,

   "Cunt this is piggie. She will be one of the roving cock suckers
for the show. You will manage her. You will see that the buyers are
entertained with her. If they want a suck you direct her to the
buyer. If he wants privacy you get a screen. On no account is the
buyer to leave the floor. They are here to buy our creations and a
pleasurable environment is to be maintained at all times by you. If
piggie fucks up both of you will be plugged and sunk...YOU GOT THAT
CUNT??" The male voice commanded.

   "Yes sir, but can I use a whip to get the utmost from this
bitch??" came the voice of the smelly cunt in front of her.

   "No that might bring about bad vibes. Use this shock wand. Touch
it to her clit and she will be more than willing to her utmost."
came the order. "Now go lead her around the floor and be generous
with her as she is free for all. Do a good job and you may get a
piggie of your own, fuck up and the lake has a lot more room for
two more cunts."

   "She will be the best cock sucker there, sir." came the female
voice with a positive inflection.

   

   Her new manager sought to test her authority and touched her
small hidden sex bud. Then she pushed the button.

   AHHHHHAHHH Please don't hurt me. I will do what you want!!!"
Cynthia cried.

   "You better!!" the smelly cunts voice came to her through a fog
of pain at the top of her slit. "I don't intend to be punished for
your lack of enthusiasm. You better be a vacuum mouth sucker and a
fucking fool or I'll borrow a cigarette lighter and burn that bud
off you before they do us. You got that piggie??"

   What could she say?? She could not see. Her cunt and now her ass
were whored and now her tits ballooned like a cow. she was sex
personified and she was going to do it or be fixed for good.

   "Yes Mm. I'll be the best whore there. I will drink all the
sperm and piss in the hall." She uttered, and she meant it!! The
conditioning and the consequences were foremost in her mind.

   She was lead around a large room and heard the influx of people.
No doubt arriving for the fashion show. How many of these had she
attended and sat in the audience looking over the outrageously
priced scrap of cloth and thought what a bore. Now she was the
entertainment. A roving sucker to keep the buyers happy.

   A male voice interrupted her thoughts, "Over here! Is this the
one of the roving entertainment suckers??"

   "Yes sir it is. Would you like a sample??" her manager offered.

   "Why not go to the back to my car and I can fuck this bitch."
came the male voice again as a hand fondled her sore expanded right
tit.

   "No sir!! We have to keep the entertainment here," her manger
said with a slap to her ass. "In the auditorium, as she is free for
all, a party favor, so to speak."

   "Oh ok but be quick about it I want to get this over with as
soon as I can. These new Fashion Houses are usually soo boring.
This is a novel approach but I wonder what she does with all fifty
of the buyers. At least I'll be first."

   She found the mans smelly dick and inhaled it. Her manager
touched her clit with the wand and held it there to obtain lots of
tongue action from the other end. Cynthia fully understood and
swallowed the mans dick into her throat. There the esaugaph milked
him to a quick violent cum.

   "That is one fine sucker you have, and the tits are soo big!! I
may stay for the whole show. You bring her back here at
intermission and at the end. Maybe I can get this bitch for a
night. I only hope the rest don't wear her out." the man ordered.

   "I will try sir but you know their are so many of you buyers. I
think they would rather have your attention on the creations. Maybe
if you just prebought from the catalogue then you might have
session all to your self." her manager said, as she pulled her away
from the buyer and lead her to another part of the hall.

   As she crawled away something hit her mind.... 50 buyers all
wanting her mouth?? She wouldn't have any lips when this was
over....

   "Hello Mindy." came a female voice. "Nice new sucker you got
there."

   "I see that you got old hot lips Francis again." said Cynthia's
manager.

   "Yep she does a fine job once she saw the video again. I really
think she has settled for this as her aim in life." came the new
female voice, "She had sensitivity training with Blanches cigar on
her captive tongue and she doesn't even try to talk to the
customers anymore. She sucks and fucks um but she doesn't talk to
anyone. And look at those tits. I bet their is a gallon of silicone
in each one and look at this... Turn for a better view of the ass
bitch." A slap sounded and a shuffling sound.

   "Wow that blow up of her cheeks really is horrendous. Good think
she is kept naked. Don't think they could fit that ass in anything
but a tent." Mindy said.

   "Yep. This one is all ass and tits and lips. Sex Sex and more
Sex. Is this one to be the same??" the new female voice said. "I
mean will she be just a party favor like hot lips here??"

   "They didn't tell me, but if they do I want to get her as my
piggie. She is soo sensitive. She comes with the wand and sucks
good. I could do worse." Mindy said.

   "Well got to circulate this party favor for the buyers. The
owners don't have much money so every new show has to be a sell out
or they take it out on our hides. How bout at the end we get them
to do a lezzie bit. That holds these horny old goats to insure the
last possible sale."

   "Good idea. They say it is soo hard to start a new house but
this way they seem to sell out every time, I paraded a favor, and
I get a sore cunt afterwards upstairs during the check signing."
the new female said.

   So that was it....  She was to be a captive suck slave?? To a
fashion house???




                        Torture Boutique #6

   "Oh Girl!!" came an older familiar voice, "Over here."

   Cynthia's manager lead her by the leash to her blinding helmet
toward the sound of the voice.

   "Is this one strictly a cock sucker?? Or is she trained to
please women also??" the old female voice said.

   "No mum. She has had training with Blanch and, just between us
Ms Linch, Blanch wanted to keep her strictly for lesbian use, but
the management objected. She knows her way around a cunt, I tell
you. You know how demanding Blanch is.." her manager, Mindy said.

   "Well I'm pretty demanding myself. Let's try her out under the
table so the camera crew from my show doesn't get her in the
picture. You know how that would look on KNN." the shrill voice
said.

   "Yes Mum. I know how important your shows exposure is to the
management. I know she will please you." Mindy said and shooed
Cynthia under the skirt of the grand dam of fashion to do her bit
for the house's TV exposure.

   Cynthia sought out the cunt to service. It was a lilac smell
that guided her but when she got the lips parted with her nose a
dry shriveled hole greeted her tongue. This has not been used in
years. This was hopeless. This dried out old prune. She started to
back out when she felt the shock wand touch her sensitive little
bud. The memory of the agony it produced before caused her to dive
right in to the old shriveled cunt and sink in her pierced tongue.
She applied lots of saliva and lots of action. It did not seem to
have any effect... This was hopeless. This bitch had not come in
this century. She was going to get.... Wait a minute... She
remembered where Blanches spot was. She sought it out and sure
enough when she fluttered there the cunt started to react.

   The smooth shriveled legs suddenly closed tight on her ears and
the last thing she heard was "Oh oh OH MY!! OH OHHHHHH!"

   The old cunt was beginning to react to her servicing. She would
be successful in her lesbian whordom. She would .... wait a minute
she didn't want to... the wand touched her and urged her on... It
was degrading to be here. To be doing this perverted act.. still
the alternative was... She flicked the spot with the stud and the
old biddy went into orbit...

   The cunt convulsed and she knew she had been successful and the
legs gripping her cheeks, if anything, tightened more.

   Oh well, she used the studded portion of her tongue again on the
spot and she got another convulsion almost immediately. She went on
and on till the legs opened and the cunts owner swooned.

   "OH MY I am really caught up with this little lezzie. I want her
for a night or two. You go tell the management that if they give me
some time alone with this bitch then will get a feature article on
my TV show next week and we will come back through the season. That
kind of free publicity will really start this house off with a
bang. Go on! Ask, and leave the bitch here." Came a newly
invigorated shrill female voice. A wrinkled hand ran over Cynthia's
newly expanded tits and squeezed then like a melon buyer in the
supermarket.

   "Come on you big titted bitch. Do the ass hole this time, with
that marvelous rasping tongue. I'm go going to get a lot of mileage
out of you and these when I get you home. I'm sure you will give me
the time of my life...."

   "MS Linch we are ready to start tape." came a male voice.

   "Charlie can't you see when a lady has gone to privacy?" Ms
Linch said. "Oh well since you are here get down behind this bitch
and give me a dicks opinion of how the cunt feels. I might have to
satisfy some of the executives at Bunner Broadcasting for the new
segments and a new contract and this bitch might be just the thing
I need."

   "Really Ms Linch. You really mean it?" the male inquired. "I can
well..."

   "Of course you silly prick. Get on with it before her manager
gets back and takes her away." came the command.

   He must have just unzipped for she felt the dick and the zipper
chafing her cunt lips. Her dripping cunt was amused with the small
dick and it's shallow penetration. Sort of like Ken's, but the
zipper could be wicked on her denuded cunt lips. The dick tickled
her but did not reach the depths of her previous fuckings since she
came to the boutique. She was forced to shake her cunt to get this
dick to give her the friction she needed....

   Not only was she to be a lesbian whore but a negotiating whore
for commercials. What depths would she sunk to. She should object
but her thoughts were interrupted by a female hand pulling her
head, between the bony legs, to the now dripping old cunt and the
command,

   "Come to mama and make it all better with that studded tongue
you big titted lezzie bitch. Thats enough there find my clit and
drive me crazy." A twist of her left tit lead to the conclusion she
had better get on with it, or this crazy lust mad witch would twist
that damn tit clean off her chest.

   She toyed with the clit and the dick at the same time. This was
the first real power she felt since the dressing room. She felt she
was going to be all right. She would be her old self. She would
fuck and suck these simple folks to.....

   "Ms Linch, I see you are taken with our new sucker." came a
familiar voice. **Blanches voice** Blanch was back... Cynthia
cringed. Her thoughts of taking over faded and her servicing became
more animated.

   "She sucks like a wet dream Blanch, you simply must let me have
her for a day or two. Tell them I absolute must have her. Charlie
how does she fuck?" Ms Linch pleaded.

   "She ... she is A good un..ah.. ah ah.. yes man she is a fucking
whore. ..ah .. ah...ah.. A fucking dream...." came Charlies
reply...

   "Well I don't know Ms Linch. I mean she is new here, and the
management" Blanch argued.

   "Don't give me that. I know you want to keep her for your self,
but I can give this house a start that will over come the problems
with a new house. Besides when I tire with her she will be returned
in good working order. Her parts are not like a bar of soap. They
won't wear out with a little use, if anything with a little use, by
me, her tongue will get stronger and longer. Get Borris over here,
I'm sure he will see the wisdom of my proposal. Charlie are you
done yet?" Ms Linch inquired....

   "Just ah.. ah.. a .. a Ahhhaaa. Yes mum! All ready when you are
here." Zippppp came the response from Charlie. With a pat the cute
fucked ass. Charlie got up and waddled off to the camera crew to
assure the readiness of the taping session with a smile and hopes
for a repeat fuck or suck when Ms Linch was doing her speal in
front of the cameras.

   "What seems to be the problem here Ms Linch?" came Borris's
voice.

   "I want the use of this bitch for a week or so and Blanch gives
me some cock and bull story about her being new. She wants her for
herself. I know it. Now let's talk deal!! I get the cunt for a week
and you get featured on my show for each up coming season." Ms
Linch offered squeezing her legs tighter around Cynthias head
coming again as she spoke.

   "Ok, but you must understand. This is a new bitch. She hasn't
been to 'charm school' yet. The possibility of such a loss is very
high. I have to have some security. How about you come back to the
check signing fuck and we will see what we can work out then. I
mean we aim to please, especially a good customer like you, but
their are things to work out first."

   "All right take her back stage and put her in a cage or
something as I don't want every dick in the place getting a crack
at her. I want those lips reserved for me personally. Oh the
thought of that studded tongue just makes me..... No the show must
go on I need to show self restraint... CHARLIE I'M READY...ROLL
TAPE..."

End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Paladin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





