BDSM Library - The Hospital




The Hospital
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She was in a hospital, captured, bound helpless, hypnotized, waiting for any treatment that the doctors and nurses wanted to give her.
Do not read this if you don't like stories about
non-consensual sex/bondage. Or if you're under
eighteen. Please do not repost without author's
permission.




The Hospital - Part One

By Anonymyte

The transition from dreamworld to reality was
slow but relentless. Even in sleep, Jenny knew
that something was terribly wrong, that
consciousness would bring unwelcome
knowledge. She clung to the scraps of the dream
that lingered in her mind and tried to ignore the
increasing discomfort in her body as it
awakened.

Awareness arrived, and told her that she was
lying on her back on a soft surface, with her legs
raised and parted. Something light covered her
body. Her limbs felt heavy and stiff, her mouth
was parched and her temples throbbed. Her eyes
felt gummy and would not open. She tried to wipe
away the residue of sleep from her eyes but her
arm did not, or could not, respond to the signals
her brain sent it.  Panic rose inside her, rushing
up from the pit of her stomach to her head,
leaving a bitter taste in its wake. Dizzily, she
tried to turn over, but again she could not move.

Calm, calm, she told herself, fighting the urge to
scream, knowing that she might not be able to
stop if she did. She began methodically checking
her body, limb by limb. There was sensation in
every part of her body, as far as she could tell,
although she could not move an inch. It felt as if
she was wrapped in a combination of bandages,
straps and plaster casts that were also attached
firmly to the bed, suppressing any movement.
She could just manage to get a wriggle out of her
toes, but that was the limit of her mobility. Her
hands and fingers were encased in something soft
and tight that kept them rigidly straight. Her
arms were held immobile by her sides, with
what she presumed were plaster casts that
extended all the way from her upper arms to the
tips of her fingers. Her tummy was likewise
encased, and the arm casts seemed to be attached
to the one around her midriff. She could feel
bandaging above and below her breasts, and there
was a soft triangular wedge beneath her lower
back that raised her buttocks off the mattress.
Her legs were held at a ninety degree angle from
her body, with her knees bent, in solid plaster
casts from mid-thigh to ankle, so that she was in
a sitting position, and her legs were spread wide.
She guessed that the leg casts were propped up in
gyneaocological stirrups for she could not bring
her thighs any closer together.

Jenny was naked apart from the bindings.
Between her legs, she could feel that her labia
had been splayed out and taped in position,
exposing her sex. She felt that unmistakable
bareness that told her that her pubic hair had
been completely shaved off. There was some kind
of rather uncomfortable tube attached to her
down there, but she couldn't work out what it
was for. It wasn't in her vagina, but it was
definitely inside her, so she deduced that it must
be in her urethra. It was hard to tell, but she
also thought she could feel something lightly
pressing against her clitoris, which was
throbbing a little. She wished that she could
touch herself to see what had been done, or at
least pull her legs together so that she wouldn't
feel so vulnerable. She hoped that the cover went
all the way down and hid her exposed vagina from
view.

A sudden swishing sound by the side of her head
preceeded the touch of a cool hand on her
forehead. Jenny was startled, but soon soothed by
the kind female voice that crooned; "There,
there, you poor girl, waking up all alone. Let's
wash the sleep out of your eyes, shall we?"

A damp cloth gently rubbed her face, removing
the gluey substance from her eyes. Jenny
blinked and gradually opened them all the way.
She looked up into an exquisitely beautiful face
surrounded by a white headscarf. The young
woman stroked Jenny's forehead and smiled.

"You must be thirsty. Here, let me help you with
some water."  The woman reached for a beaker
with a long straw and held it to Jenny's lips. As
she sipped, she looked around at her
surroundings. She was lying on a bed in a large,
white room. Her body was under a white sheet
that came up to her bare shoulders, and rose up
over her legs,obscuring her view of most of the
room. She could see a single window which was
covered with a white blind, but no door, so she
guessed that it must be on the wall that was
hidden by the sheet.  There was a little table next
to the bed, and a sink. But no pictures on the
wall, no flowers, and no cards.

The woman was obviously a nurse. She wore a
well-fitted white tunic, that was maybe just a
little shorter in the leg and deeper in the
cleavage than the average nurse's uniform. Her
white heels were high and pointed, but her
headdress was rather like a nun's. It was a
strange combination.

"Where am I?" asked Jenny once she had
quenched her thirst. The nurse looked concerned.

"You don't know where you are? Where do you
think you are, dear?" she replied, answering a
question with more questions.

"This is a hospital. I've had an accident." Jenny
frowned. She suddenly realised that there was a
gaping hole in her memory that extended from...
when? She could remember being in her
apartment, getting dressed to go out to Tantra,
the new nightclub in town, with her friend
Saffron, and then nothing. She probed her mind
for more information but none was forthcoming.
A sliver of fear slid into her heart.

"Where's Saffron?"

The nurse smiled sweetly and shook her head. "I
don't know who Saffron is, my dear. Do you
remember how you got here?"

Jenny shook her head, tears beginning to form in
her eyes. "I can't remember anything bad, but
something bad must have happened, right?"

The nurse stroked Jenny's cheek. "Don't worry.
You've had some serious physical trauma and it's
not surprising that your mind is a little shaken
up. Everything will come back to you soon, when
the time is right. Right now you need to stay
relaxed and think about positive things, so that
your body will heal."

"But what is wrong with me? Why can't I move?
I don't feel any pain in my body."

The nurse pulled down the sheet a little, so that
it just covered Jenny's nipples. Jenny could now
see that there were bandages snaking up from
under her armpits and circling her chest above
her breasts. The bandages also crossed between
her cleavage and wrapped around beneath them.
Judging from her complete inability to move, the
bindings were also fixed firmly to the mattress
somehow. She wasn't sure why her breasts had
been left bare, but it made her feel a little edgy,
especially as the sheet was hardly covering her.

"I'm going to tell the doctors that you are awake.
They can answer your questions better than I
can." The nurse put her hand on Jenny's
shoulder, which made her feel even  more
uncomfortable. "I'm Sister Angelica, and if you
need me for anything, just call. I can hear you
with this little intercom, see?" Sister Angelica
gestured to the head of the bed where Jenny could
see, by craning her head back, that there was a
tiny microphone attached. "Just relax, and the
doctors will be in soon."

As the nurse moved to go, her hand slid
downwards and brushed over Jenny's nipple.
Jenny's face turned crimson. The sheet slid down
further and revealed Jenny's breast completely.
Sister Angelica had already turned away, and
Jenny was too embarrassed to call her back.

Jenny was mortified that the doctor would come
in and find her this way, but there was nothing
she could do to cover herself. They are doctors,
she told herself, they won't care about a nipple.
But then she felt a draft between her legs and her
mind reeled in horror as she realised that her
most private parts were totally open to scrutiny
as well. The doctors were bound to be examining
her down there. They had already put the tube in.
What else might they do? Panicking, she began to
struggle violently, and let out a helpless sob as
the sheet slid off her other breast.

**********************************
**********************************

Part Two is already underway. I hope you are
enjoying the story so far.




The Hospital Part Two


Jenny cried quietly, hoping to get herself under
control before someone came in and found her
acting so childishly. Unable to wipe them away,
her tears dripped down the sides of her cheeks,
and she wished that her mother was there to dry
them up. That thought led to the question of why
there wasn't a single member of her family here
at the hospital. Surely her mum and dad would
have been contacted immediately after her
accident! Then she realised that they probably
were here, waiting to see her. After the doctor
had checked her over they would probably be
straight in. Jenny just bet that mum would have
brought that terrible flowery nightdress that
Aunt Joan had given her for christmas last year,
which had been relegated to the back of the closet
immediately. The thought brought a smile to her
face, and her sobs subsided.

Having a good cry had tired her out, but she also
felt a lot more positive. She closed her eyes and
let herself doze, as she imagined her family's
arrival with flowers and cards and boxes of
chocolates that dad would pretend he wasn't
interested in, smuggling them into his mouth
when he thought no-one was looking. Soon she
was sleeping soundly again.

She dreamed that she was at Tantra. She was on a
stage in front of a huge audience. Jenny wore an
catsuit of black clinging latex that covered every
part of her except her breasts, which stuck out
through open zippers. There was also a zipper
between her legs. Jenny walked across the stage
and sat in a chair. As she sat in it, it somehow
changed its shape, tilting her back and spreading
her legs wide. Thick black cords snaked around
her body, circling her wrists and ankles,
wrapping around her neck, sliding into her
mouth, pinning her in place. She felt the zipper
between her legs slid open, and the chair moved
to the edge of the stage where the audience
hummed with approval.

Saffron appeared on stage, crawling on her hands
and knees, naked apart from a black collar. The
collar became a stethescope with the earpieces
tied around her neck. The end of it was held by a
man in a doctor's coat who tugged her across the
stage. Saffron had her head bent down so that her
wild orange hair was dragging on the floor and
tangling up her arms and legs as she crawled.
Finally they reached the chair, and the doctor
threw Saffron against Jenny's crotch. The
audience sighed as Saffron suddenly thrust her
face into Jenny's pussy and began to suck at her
clitoris, as the doctor held her bunched up hair
in his fist and rotated her head. Saffron's mouth
had become attached by suction to Jenny's clit
and the doctor pulled her head back, increasing
the pressure. Jenny felt the familiar surge as
orgasm approached, but somehow as Saffron's
head was pulled further back the orgasm was
kept at bay. Her clitoris was being stretched out
like a licorice stick. It was getting longer and
thinner as Saffron pulled and sucked,  and with a
loud SNAP it suddenly ripped in half. Jenny
writhed in her bonds as the pain seared through
her pussy. A male voice began soothing her.

"There's a good girl, it's all over now, wake up
now, you're just having a bad dream..."

Jenny opened her eyes with a start and let out a
hiss of terror as she recognised the doctor from
her dream. He recoiled at her reaction, and stood
back a little as she struggled to get away from
him, then slumped back as she realised that she
was still held tightly in her bonds.

The doctor watched her with a look of pain in his
eyes. "I am so so sorry. I had no idea that you had
regained consciousness... I've been coming in
every day since you arrived to change your
catheter and I just didn't think.... Please, accept
my apology!"

The doctor was young and incredibly good-
looking, a lot like Michael J Fox, she thought,
but taller. His name tag read 'Doctor Hellen'. He
sounded so sincere, and so heartbroken, that
Jenny felt her fear melt away. The pain in her
genitals was still intense, however. "Why does it
hurt so much down there?" She asked in a croaky
voice.

The Doctor did not answer her question. Instead
he approached the bed again and pulled up a chair
next to her. "I'll give you something for that in a
minute. But first, tell me. How do you feel?" He
leaned forward to hear her reply.

Jenny suddenly became aware that her breasts
were still bare. To make matters worse, her
dream had caused the nipples to stand up to
attention. The doctor's face was hovering right
over them. Jenny blushed so deeply that the
doctor looked alarmed. Then he read the
embarrassment in her face, looked down at her
breasts, and blushed too! Rather clumsily he
grappled with the sheet and covered her up again.

"Poor girl, you really are having  a rough time
of it. But please don't be embarrassed, I am a
doctor, and I see lots of naked people all the time.
Although most of them aren't as pretty as you."
He smiled at her almost sheepishly, but Jenny
still did not feel quite at ease yet.

"Why didn't Sister Angelica tell you that I was
awake? She said she would straight away. And
I'm desperate to see my mum and dad. Are they
here yet?"

The doctor looked confused, and started to rub his
hands together. "Um, well, as far as I know, they
aren't here right now." He paused. "That Sister
Angelica!" He said brightly. "She really is the
most forgetful girl. Delightfully kind, but so
absent-minded. I know she will be mortified
when she finds out what trouble she's caused.
There'll be some kind of disciplinary action, of
course."

Jenny suddenly felt alarmed. She didn't want to
get Angelica into trouble. She had liked the girl,
although she had been careless, and she was
afraid that Angelica might decide to retaliate.
Jenny was obviously feeling very vulnerable
right now.

"Please don't tell anyone what happened . I would
hate for her to get into trouble. She was very
good to me apart from that."

Dr Hellen smiled and shook his head. "I'm sorry,
but it really is far too serious a matter to be
brushed under the table. She will be severely
punished, but don't worry, she won't lose her
job over it." He patted Jenny's shoulder. "Now,
let's get down to business. How do you feel?"

Jenny tried to ignore her guilty feelings about
Angelica and concentrate on talking to the doctor.
"I'm very thirsty. And it really hurts between
my legs."

"Oh, my, you poor thing. Here, let's get you some
water. And, yes, here we are. Just the right
thing to help with the pain." He produced a bottle
of pills from his coat.

Jenny let him pop two of the little pink pills into
her mouth, and sucked greedily on the straw as
he held the beaker for her. When she was
satisfied, he propped pillows under her head,
neck and shoulders so that she was a bit more
upright. It was definitely more comfortable than
lying completely flat, but most of the room was
still obscured due to the tent formed by her
raised legs and the sheet.

"Comfortable?" He asked. Jenny nodded. "Well, I
suppose you probably have many questions. But
first let's talk about your physical condition. Can
you remember how you got here?"

Jenny frowned. "No. I've been trying really hard
to remember, but all that comes to me is me
getting dressed to go out with my friend last
night." She blushed a little as she recalled her
dream. "But I can't remember any accident."

Dr Hellen spoke gently. "Jenny, this will be a
shock for you, but you should know that you have
been here for almost a week. And in fact, you've
been a mystery to us. We only know your name
because of the necklace you were wearing, but
apart from that you arrived here with no ID of
any kind. And although we have informed the
police, they have not been able to match you with
any missing persons reports. So we haven't been
able to contact your family. Of course, now
you're conscious, you can tell us where they are,
and we'll call them straight away. They must be
be really worried."

Jenny was stunned into silence. Her mind spun
as she tried to come to terms with the huge gap
in her memory. Hundreds of questions crowded
into her head.

"Who brought me here? Surely I didn't just walk
in by myself?" Numbly she waited for the
answer. She suddenly had the feeling that it
would be better for her to discontinue this
conversation, because she was going to discover
something terrible, something that she already
knew but had hidden deep in her subconscious
because it was too scary to face.

"You were brought in by ambulance, after the
volunteers at the Salvation army found you lying
in an alleyway. They thought you were a
homeless person sleeping, but then they realised
you were seriously hurt. You were in a state of
shock, and you had suffered a great deal of blood
loss. Shortly after you arrived here, you slipped
into a coma. We really didn't know if you'd ever
wake up."

Jenny shook her head. She couldn't believe that
she had been out of it for so long. It didn't feel
right. Her last clear memory, of being in her
bedroom with the music turned up loud as she
pouted in the mirror, trying out her new
lipstick, seemed firmly fixed in time as
yesterday, not over a week ago.

"What has happened to me, then? Why am I all...
tied up like this?"

"Poor Jenny," sighed Dr Hellen. "I know it must
be awful to be so confined, but really it is for
your own good. Basically, you suffered a blow to
the head, which accounts for your memory loss.
Also, all four limbs were broken in several
places, as were your ribs. There was severe
swelling at the tail end of your spine, and we now
know that the vertebrae are not fractured there,
although we need to check for nerve damage. And
you had some severe trauma in the genital area."
He shook his head. "None of us could work out
what could have caused so much damage."

Jenny inhaled deeply and plucked up the courage
to ask, "What do you mean by trauma in the
genital area. Are you trying to tell me that I was
raped?"

Dr Hellen looked alarmed. "No, no, there was no
evidence of any... penetration. Why, do you
remember something like that?" He asked
sharply.

Jenny was shocked by his reaction. "No," She
replied. "I just wanted to find out what you
meant." She recalled her dream again. There was
no way it could have been sparked off by
something that really happened, was there? She
thought about the crazy images, and the intense
feeling of impending orgasm, and shook her head.
How could that have been real?

Dr Hellen broke her reverie. "It was as if you
had been crushed by a huge machine...." He said
dreamily. Jenny looked at him strangely, and he
quickly snapped himself back to reality.

"Do you feel any pain in your arms or legs?" He
asked.

Jenny twitched her limbs and tried to move them
a little, but couldn't. She flexed muscles,
expecting sudden shooting pain. There was none,
just a little tingling, which she reported to Dr
Hellen.

"Ah, that's good," He said. "That means that your
body is already hard at work, healing those
broken bones. Now, let's get some information
from you so that your family can be reached."

Jenny stared at the ceiling as the Doctor
disappeared behind the white tent, and
reappeared with a clip board.  "Alrighty then, "
He said jovially, making notes on the form,
"Let's get some names down. We'll start with
your first name, Jenny, and that's all I can help
with. What's your last name?"

Jenny opened her mouth to reply. Nothing came
out. She looked surprised and closed it again
abruptly. Dr Hellen looked up at her with raised
eyebrows and waited, watching her face as she
mentally searched her mind for that piece of
information that she should have known without
even thinking. After a minute, he gently put a
hand on her shoulder. Tears were starting to
form in Jenny's eyes.

"Jenny, please don't get upset. It's totally normal
to have some memory loss after a blow to the
head. I'm sure that things will start coming back
to you soon. Let's try some other names, or
maybe your parents' telephone number. Or what
about your address. There are lots of ways we
can find out who you are."

Jenny smiled through the tears and nodded. She
tried to think of her apartment, but while she
could see the interior in perfect detail, her mind
could not conjour up the address. Telephone
numbers, likewise. She could see her mum and
dads' faces but not their names.

It was too much, and she started sobbing wildly.
Dr Hellen proffered a hankerchief and then said
"Stupid!" as he realised that she couldn't take it.
He wiped her eyes himself and tried to calm her.

"It will all come back to you in good time, I
promise. In the meantime, we are doing
everything we can to find your family. Calm
yourself, now. there's a good girl. It'll be
alright."

Jenny snivelled into the hankerchief and
whimpered. "I just feel so helpless. I can't move,
and I can't remember who I am or how I got
here."

Dr Hellen stroked her cheek. "It'll all be OK.
Now, we have to get you something to eat. And
how about a nice cup of tea? That will make you
feel better, won't it?" Jenny nodded. She
suddenly realised that she was starving. And the
pills must be working because the pain in her
genitals had gone.

Dr Hellen reached up to the intercom. "Angelica,
please bring a cup of tea for Jenny, and tell the
kitchen to prepare her a meal immediately." He
clicked it off and looked down at Jenny. "We'll
have a little word with her about her
forgetfulness when she arrives, too."

"Oh, no, please don't tell her off in front of me, "
She begged.

"She's a professional, Jenny, we're not in the
schoolyard now. This has to be done."

Jenny blushed at his sharp tone. Then she felt a
rush of chagrin as she heard the unmistakable
clink of a teacup in a saucer as Angelica appeared
from behind the sheet.

"Hello, Dr Hellen. Hi Jenny, how are you
feeling?" She smiled down at Jenny and placed
the tea cup on the table. "It's a little hot, you
should wait a few minutes before you drink it.
We don't want the straw to melt." She giggled.

Dr Hellen's voice was cold and harsh. "That's
fine, Sister Angelica, just leave it there."
Angelica stiffened at his tone and she glanced at
Jenny with a question in her eyes. Jenny looked
down in shame.

 "Jenny tells me that you were supposed to
inform me that she was awake. You forgot,
however, and I came in as usual to change her
catheter. I didn't use an anesthetic because I
thought she was unconscious, but she was just
asleep. It caused Jenny intense pain."

Angelica had turned white. "Oh, I am so sorry!"
She cried. "I was just so busy that it slipped my
mind. Jenny, please forgive me." She turned to
the prostrate girl. "I really am sorry."

Dr Hellen stood up. "You are going to be punished
for this, and Jenny will witness it." He pulled
the chair out into the middle of the room. "Come
here at once!" He barked.

Jenny began to protest. "Please don't punish her,
Doctor! It really wasn't that bad!" She couldn't
believe the sudden change in him. He had been so
gentle up till now.

Dr Hellen looked at her. "That isn't what you said
at the time. Now, Angelica, stand behind the
chair and bend over the back. Hold the legs with
your hands!" Angelica gave Jenny a reproachful
look and did as she was told. Dr Heller removed a
roll of bandages from his pocket and began
winding them around her ankles, tethering them
to the chair legs. He then did the same with her
wrists, so that she could not straighen up. This
left her helpless with her bottom raised high in
the air. Dr Heller jerked the chair around so
that Angelica's cheeks were in Jenny's view.
Angelica started to plead with him.

"Please Dr Hellen, don't do this. I have lots of
work to do today, I won't be able to sit down!"
She begged.

Dr Hellen stuffed a wad of bandages into her
mouth, wrapping the ends around her head to
hold it in place. She continued to beg but not her
words were unintelligible.

"You'll do your work standing up then!" Snapped
Dr Hellen. He turned to Jenny. "This is how we
discipline our staff here. I hope that you won't be
too shocked, as it really is very effective."

Jenny was speechless and she watched in horror
as the spectacle unfolded in front of her. Dr
Hellen was no longer the awkward, blushing
doctor, embarrassed by the sight of a nipple. She
could not believe he was doing this with her
watching!

Dr Hellen walked back to Angelica's rear. He
flipped up the little skirt of her tunic exposing
her silky white panties. She began moaning in
protest as he hooked his fingers around the panty
elastic and slowly pulled them down till they
were just above her knees. Jenny could see that
Angelica was trying to pull her legs together to
hide her pussy, but the ties around her ankles
kept them parted. Her bottom was creamy white
and she had a neatly trimmed bush of black hair.

Dr Hellen started stroking her buttocks. "I'm
going to have to give you a good spanking,
Angelica," He said sternly. "What's this?" He
suddenly demanded. Angelica moaned. "I see that
you are getting excited by this punishment! What
a bad girl you are!"

He stood up and slipped his hand between her
thighs. "It's all wet down here," He told her. "You
know what that means." Angelica moaned even
louder as Dr Hellen's thumb slid into her wet
pussy. He began sliding it in and out, gently
tickling her G-spot, as the tip of his forefinger
brushed over her clitoris and began to stroke it
gently. Angelica moaned and writhed against his
hand, unable to pull away or get any closer to his
teasing fingers. Helplessly she felt his a finger
slip into her wet pussy too, then slide out and up
towards her anus. Her protestations were in vain
as his finger, slick with her own juices, easily
pushed its way into her arsehole and began to
probe around in the tight little hole.

"Ahhh, I think you are enjoying this far too
much, Angelica. Admit that you are, bad girl."
Angelica's moans were either protests or
confirmations, it was hard to tell which. Dr
Hellen suddenly pulled his finger out of her anus
and landed a loud SMACK on her bottom with his
open hand, which made her cry out through the
bandage gag.

"Which do you prefer? The finger?" He thrust
his finger deep into her arse and rotated it
slowly. "Or the smacks?" He pulled it out again
and SMACKED her bottom even harder. Angelica
was howling, her cries stifled. She struggled
against her bonds, but it was hard to tell if she
wanted to get away or get more.

Dr Hellen continued administering his
punishment. "Finger..... or smack..... finger....
smack... finger... smack..." He chanted as he
alternately slapped her now rosy cheeks, and
plunged his finger into the depths of her ass. His
other hand was still working away, his thumb
slipping in and out of her pussy as his fingers
nudged and massaged her engorged clitoris.

Dr Hellen was an expert with his hands, and he
was playing Angelica like an instrument. Jenny
watched in silence as the other girl rapidly
approached orgasm. Despite her huge
embarrassment she felt an unwelcome warmth
in the depths of her pussy, and her nipples were
erect again. Once again she was sure she could
feel something gently pressing against her
clitoris, which was throbbing. She felt a trickle
of wetness in her pussy as her excitement built
against her will. Unfortunately she could not
touch herself down there, so she just lay and
watched, an unwilling spectator, trying to fight
the rising heat in her body.

Angelica was making a constant keening cry now
as she approached orgasm. Dr Hellen continued
his commentary as he slipped three fingers into
her ass now and wriggled them around, causing
her to jerk against his hand as hard as she could,
trying to get more. He removed his hand from
her ass and reached down, pulling out the gag,
then thrust four fingers back into her anus. Now
her crys were louder but still unintelligible,
gutteral animal grunts and wails.

"You're about to come now, aren't you Angelica.
Tell me, Angelica, tell me when you're going to
come." The hand working her pussy took up the
same rhythm as the fingers pumping her anus,
and she began grunting in time with the thrusts.

"Oh, ah, oh, I'm gonna cum, oh, ah, gonna cum,
ah, god, don't stop!" Screamed the defenseless
nurse as she reached the final crest. She went
silent as she finally peaked, and Dr Hellen
suddenly removed his hands, leaving her
teetering on the edge, unable to push herself
over. "****!" There was a backwards gasp as
she inhaled deeply and then began to scream
pitifully.

"Oh my god don't stop don't please please please!"
She struggled violently against the bandages
keeping her wrists and ankles immobile,
stopping her from relieving herself, or even
squeezing her legs together. Her pleading turned
to deep wracking sobs as her body writhed of its
own accord. Jenny could actually see her vagina
contracting as she spasmed helplessly.

Dr Hellen watched in satisfaction as Angelica
gradually calmed down. She continued to sob but
her body had given up hope of any further
stimulation. She felt empty and unfulfilled. The
Doctor turned to Jenny.

"A unique punishment, maybe, but better than
firing her, and with no lasting damage, don't you
agree?" He asked her. Jenny didn't reply, she
was too shocked.

"So Angelica, are you ready to apologise to Jenny
now?" He asked the sobbing girl.

"Sorry Jenny," She whimpered, between sobs.
Dr Hellen removed the bindings from her ankles
and wrists and helped her stand up. He was being
very gentle now. He put his arm round her
shoulders and walked her over to the bed. "Now
tell Jenny that there are no hard feelings." He
instructed her.

Angelica looked Jenny in the eyes. Jenny blushed
again as she saw the accusation there, but the
nurse smiled, sniffling, and said "I did something
really bad and I deserved what I got. It wasn't
your fault." Dr Hellen was obviously satisfied,
as he patted her on the bottom and told her to go
freshen up. She left the room with downcast
eyes, no longer the giggling girl she had been
when she entered.

Jenny couldn't look at Dr Hellen, who now
seemed to have returned to his previous self. He
stumbled over his own words as he tried to
convince her that his actions had been
justifiable.

Please, Jen-Jenny. Really, its not as bad as
you think. I-ugh we, I mean Angelica and I, well,
were dating, you know. And those are the rules
of the hospital. What she did to you was
unforgivable, really. She should have been fired.
It could have had much more serious results. It
was embarrassing for you, I know, but now
shell never forget the lesson.

Are you trying to tell me that this place condones
sexual torture as a form of discipline? Jenny
asked incredulously.

Dr Hellen nodded. I know its strange, but it is
true. You can ask the other doctors. It really
doesnt happen very often.

Jenny finally looked up at the doctor. Shell
hate me now, wont she. She said accusingly.

Oh, no, really, she doesnt hold a grudge for
long, shes a good sport. She must be for going
out with me. He pulled a funny face that made
Jenny laugh despite herself.

Did you find it exciting to watch? He asked
hesitantly.  Do you like to play games? His
tone said; you tell me and Ill tell you. He looked
up at her tentatively.

Jenny blushed. No. She said firmly. I dont
like that kind of thing. In her mind  the image
rose up unbidden of her latex-clad body tied to
the chair as Saffron sucked between her legs. The
memory of the dream was still strong enough to
send shockwaves through her pussy. She pushed
the thought away. I dont want to offend you, but
I think Id like to see a different doctor from now
on. She looked away as she spoke.

Im sorry Jenny, He replied sadly. Im the
only doctor here thats qualified to treat your
injuries. If you feel uncomfortable with me,
perhaps you would like Sister Angelica to be
present.

Jenny shook her head. Someone else, She said
stiffly.

Very well, Said Dr Hellen, as he rose from the
chair that had so recently been the site of
Angelicas humiliation. Ill send in your
supper. When youve eaten, well proceed with
the genital examination. Dr Bach will attend.

Jenny froze. What Dr Hellen had just said
sounded very much like a threat.

**********************************
**********************************
*************************

Part three is underway! Feel free to comment.




The Hospital Part Three (MFf, bdsm, nc)




Jenny felt weak with hunger as she lay
imprisoned by the casts and bandages that
enveloped her body. She hoped that her supper
would arrive soon. She wondered what time it
was, and looked around the room for a clock, but
there was none in sight. The light coming
through the window was so diffused that it was
hard to tell how high the sun was. She could hear
no traffic, nor any of the sounds you would
expect in a hospital;  no chatting nurses,
coughing patients, squeaking trolleys or rattling
pill bottles.

She was becoming increasingly more
uncomfortable about her situation - there was
something very wrong about this hospital! And,
she realised, she didn't even know the name of it,
or where it was located. If only she could go and
look out of the window, maybe she was
somewhere that she would recognise. And that
might spark off some other memories!
Frustrated, she tried to sit up a little more, but
she was securely pinned to the bed. She tried to
crane her neck to the sides, to see what was
behind the tent, but her bindings did not permit
her enough movement.

To make matters worse, her body had begun to
protest against its imprisonment. There were
numerous itches all over her body that she could
do nothing about, and her left calf kept cramping.
Wriggling her toes only seemed to help a little.
And of course, there was the constant discomfort
of the tube between her legs, and the slight
pressure on her clitoris was a constant
stimulation she could not ignore.

Suddenly there was a draft between Jenny's legs.
She immediately tensed, and the hairs on the
back of her neck prickled.

"Is somebody there?" She called, but there was
no answer. she remained motionless for several
minutes, listening intently, but there was no
sound and she sensed no further movement. She
relaxed a little, but the draft had convinced her
that the sheet did not hide her vagina, which was
fully exposed due to her widely spread legs and
the tape that held her labia open. And that meant
that anyone entering her room had a full view!
Someone could stand in the doorway and gaze at
her shaven cleft without her even knowing.
Jenny flushed with color and spontaneously tried
to pull her legs together. The total inability to
move sent a wave of helplessness rushing
through her.

Just then she heard a chinking sound that got
louder and louder. She guessed that her supper
was finally arriving. Hoping that it wasn't Sister
Angelica bringing it, she tried to fight her self-
consiousness at being exposed, and prepare
herself for this visitor. She was going to ask
whoever it was to cover her up. And then she had
a lot of questions about this peculiar hospital.

An asian woman of undeterminable age wearing a
black tunic appeared around the tent, bearing a
tray of covered dishes. She had nut-brown skin
and glossy black hair pulled back tightly into a
bun, and a big smile that made her wide face
radiant. Her figure was curvacious and the tunic
accentuated her hourglass shape.

"Allo," She said with a heavy accent that Jenny
couldn't place. She put the tray on the table next
to the bed and pulled up the chair. "You eat?" She
enquired, removing the covers from one of the
dishes.  It was thai food, a stirfried dish of beef
with snowpeas in a tasty brown sauce on a bed of
noodles. The aroma that rose up to greet Jenny
was mouth-watering and her stomach responded
with a loud grumble.The woman giggled. "You
eat!" She said again.

"In a minute," Said Jenny, smiling at the woman.
"But first can you do something for me?"

The woman nodded and replied, "Yes!" She looked
as if she were concentrating very hard as Jenny,
a little embarrassedly, requested that she pull
the sheet down so that no-one could see her
"private parts". The woman smiled and nodded
again when Jenny had finished speaking, but she
did not move from the chair. Instead she picked
up a packet of chopsticks and opened them.

"Could you do it now, before I eat?" Asked Jenny.

"You eat!" Smiled the woman. "I cook!" She
sounded proud. Jenny sighed. It was becoming
obvious that this person did not understand very
much english. She decided to try some simpler
questions.

"What hospital is this?" She asked, enounciating
carefully. The woman had picked up a slice of the
beef with the chopsicks and was waving it in
front of Jenny's mouth. Jenny opened her mouth
and allowed the woman to feed her the morsel,
which tasted as good as it smelled.

"Yes. Hospital." Said the woman, proffering the
next mouthful. Jenny gave up trying to learn
anything, and ate everything the woman offered
her. Having to be fed was a little degrading but
she was so hungry that she really enjoyed the
meal. As well as the beef stirfry, there were also
some shrimp crackers and tiny vegetable rolls.
As a dessert, Jenny was fed grapes, sliced banana
and mango.

"Good!" Said the woman when Jenny had taken the
last bite. She wiped Jenny's face with a napkin
and began tidying up the tray. Jenny tried to
thank her, and she seemed to understand. She
picked up the tray and said, "My name is Chen!
Goodbye!" She disappeared behind the tent in a
flash.

Jenny felt so much better having some food in
her tummy. The weak woozy feeling had gone.
Now she really needed to pee. She imagined
walking to a bathroom and supressed the feeling
of hopelessness that rose up inside as she
reminded herself of her predicament. She wasn't
going to be able to do that for a while, so she'd
better get over it now. Her mind returned to the
tube between her legs. She had never worn a
catheter before, but she supposed that she had
been peeing through it for a whole week while
she was unconscious, so it must be pretty
simple. She tried to ignore the tube, and imagine
that she was sitting on the toilet instead. She felt
her sphincter muscles relax, and her bladder
contract.

Was she peeing? She couldn't tell. She felt as if
she should be, but her bladder did not seem to be
emptying. She squeezed harder, but it still didn't
feel right. In fact, it felt as if her bladder was
getting fuller. Oh, great, she thought to herself,
I'll probably have to talk to Dr Hellen, seeing as
he put it in. The idea of discussing her bathroom
habits with the kinky doctor did not appeal. And
what happened when she needed a bowel
movement?

Her bladder was getting rather uncomfortable,
and now she couldn't ignore it. She almost called
out for help, but then she remembered that
Sister Angelica would probably answer, and she
didn't want to see her either. She resigned
herself to waiting in discomfort, trying to ignore
the itches, cramps and bloated bladder. It seemed
ages before Dr Hellen finally returned with a
small dark-haired man.

"Hello Jenny," He said, appearing from behind
the tent. "I trust you enjoyed your supper?" He
had taken on a formal tone, for her benefit or for
the other man's, she wasn't sure which. "This is
Doctor Bach. We'll be conducting all your
examinations together from now on. Doctor Bach
is a psychiatrist. He will be helping with your
memory loss."

Dr Bach, who had appeared around the other side
of the tent, looked to be about around fifty, with
a sharp, hawkish nose, and small beady eyes. He
was completely bald, and reminded Jenny of a
turkey buzzard. She felt an immediate dislike of
him as he bobbed his head in acknowledgement of
Dr Hellen's introduction. His smile was more
like a grimace, she thought, but having him here
was better than dealing with Dr Hellen alone.

Jenny looked at the two of them and said nothing.
The men exchanged glances, and Dr Bach cleared
his throat. He began to pace around the room as
he spoke, disappearing behind the tent. His
pompous voice floated over to her.

"Jenny, I understand that Dr Hellen
administered a punishment to a member of our
staff in your presence, and you found it to be
distressing. While it is very rare to have to
discipline our staff in such a way, it is the
policy of our establishment. Our staff members
understand this, and they prefer it to being
suspended or fired. The administrators find it to
be much more effective, too. I can promise you
that no such punishment will ever be performed
again in front of you during your stay here, if
that is your wish. However, we find the lesson to
be more, ah, poignant if it is taught in the
presence of the one who has been wronged."

Dr Hellen watched Jenny intently as Dr Bach
spoke, with a look of justification on his face. Dr
Bach returned to her bedside and raised his
eyebrows. "If the matter arises again, we will
ask you how you would prefer that punishment to
be administered. Is that fair?"

Jenny flushed. "I can tell you right now that I
don't want anyone else punished like that on my
account," She snapped angrily. "It was
disgusting."

Dr Bach turned his back and said, "I feel that
there is more at issue here, Jenny. I think there
is another reason for your anger. Is it not the
case that you felt sexually aroused by the
scene?"

Jenny flushed scarlet. "No, it was disgusting, I'm
not a pervert like all of you here!" She spat
back. She immediately regretted her outburst,
for the psychiatrist obviously felt that it proved
he was right. He turned to her with a smirk.

"Maybe we should explore this avenue later,
Jenny. You are obviously supressing some very
strong feelings. It could even be the cause of the
blockage. But first, we need to tend to your
physical needs. Today I will be merely an
observer." With that, he took the chair by her
bed and placed it somewhere behind the tent.
Jenny hoped that he wasn't "observing" her
vagina. His continuing presence was made
apparent only by his frequent throat-clearing.

Dr Hellen now seemed like a welcome relief from
Dr Bach. He approached Jenny and rolled his
eyes as if to say, dont take any notice of him,
and smiled winningly.

Jenny almost smiled back as Dr Hellen began to
speak, winking at her occasionally. She was
reforming her opinion of him again, especially
as Dr Bach had confirmed that the punishment
was company policy. It was weird, for sure, but
it meant that he wasnt as bad as she had
thought.

"So Jenny, I hope you won't be too embarrassed
about this, but today we have to do a few things
"Down there", as you say," He said, nodding his
head towards the tent.

Jenny blushed again, but nodded. "I have a couple
of questions first, though," She said.

Dr Hellen said, "OK, just a couple though, we
have other issues to deal with right now." Dr
Bach croaked in the background.

"What hospital is this and where is it?" She
asked. Dr Hellen looked relieved that her
question was so simple.

"Well, this is The Hospital of the Sacred Order of
Hearts. We are a charity organisation that
provides special care for people like you, who
have no insurance."

"But I have insurance!" Jenny cut in. "It's with
-" She stopped abruptly. Dr Hellen smiled
sympathetically.

"It will all come back to you soon, with Dr
Bach's help, I'm sure. And don't worry, the
standard of care here is top class. We rival any
private hospital in the area."

"So where are we?" Jenny prompted.

Dr Hellen's eyes clouded for a second, then he
replied, "We're in Ludlam, Davenport. Do you
know the area?"

Jenny looked confused. Ludlam? Davenport? The
names sounded familiar. "Is Davenport a state?"

"Well, not exactly. It's a region. we don't have
states here."

Jenny was alarmed. "What country are we in?"
She demanded.

"What country do you think we're in?" Asked Dr
Hellen in surprise. He watched Jenny open her
mouth and close it again. Dr Bach spoke up from
behind the tent.

"Akhhhh. I think this discussion should take
place in our first session together, Jenny. The
memory loss is more severe than I had thought,
Dr Hellen is not trained to answer your
questions, he may unknowingly cause more
damage."

"Uh, yes, of course, Dr Bach is right, Jenny. We
really shouldn't discuss this now."

Jenny sighed. "Well, I have two more requests.
Open the blind, and please make sure that I am
covered respectably before you go."

Dr Hellen frowned. "You've been covered up the
whole time, Jenny. No one can see anything
unless they lift the sheet. Right Dr Bach?"

Dr Bach grunted in agreement. Jenny wasn't
convinced though. "I could feel a draft, like the
sheet doesn't go all the way down," She
complained.

Dr Hellen became impatient. "Well, you're
wrong. And we'll open the blinds for you
tomorrow. Now enough of this. It's time to check
you over."

He walked behind the tent and Jenny heard him
pull a chair up. She imagined him sitting
between her legs, looking at her private parts,
and she reeled with embarrassment. The memory
of his hands touching Angelica's defenseless
pussy came back to her, and she tried to push it
out of her mind. How awful it would be if she
were to become excited during his inspection! He
would be able to see easily if she was wet.

"Right, let's start with the catheter. Do you fell
the need to urinate, Jenny?" She felt him gently
rotating the tube in her urethra as he spoke.

"Yes, I tried to earlier, but I couldn't," She
replied shyly. It was really mortifying having
him touching her like that, and talking about
such personal things.

"Well, that's because I have to squeeze the tube
Jenny, to release the flow of urine. You should
have called for me. You can't go by yourself.
Here, I'm squeezing it now. Relax, and let go for
me."

Jenny felt such relief as she finally managed to
pee. It was worth the embarrassment. She could
feel Dr Hellen's hands holding the tube,
manipulating it as she voided her bladder. His
fingers brushed past her clitoris. If something
had been touching her before, it was gone now.

Finally she felt that there was nothing left in her
bladder. Dr Hellen tut-tutted and said,"I'm going
to have to flush your bladder out with a cleansing
solution now, because you kept the urine in for
so  long. It's really silly of you not to have called
me. Here we go."

Jenny yelped in protest as she felt warm fluid
being pumped back into her bladder through the
tube. In a few seconds she was even fuller than
she had been before. It felt quite unbearable. As
he held the tube this time, he kept his finger
pressed firmly on her clitoris. The flood stopped
but Dr Hellen's hand remained in place.

"That will have to stay inside you for several
minutes, to prevent infection." Said the Doctor,
in his stern voice. He continued pressing on her
clit, the pressure of which, combined with the
fullness of her bladder, made her want to squirm
away. Of course, she couldn't budge a muscle so
she had to endure the treatment. She was
definitely too embarrassed to tell him that she
didn't like having his finger there.

At last he decided that it had been long enough.
Jenny felt him squeeze the tube and the liquid
began to ruch back out of her again. It was nearly
all gone when the flow reversed, and she began to
fill again!

"What are you doing?" She shrieked.

The Doctor's voice was firm. "I told you that I
was going to flush your bladder. That is what I
am doing. It's for your own good, so just try to
relax." As he spoke, she felt the pressure on her
clit increase, and the liquid rushed back into her
even faster. The feeling as her bladder inflated
was both uncomfortable and stimulating at the
same time, not enough to give her an orgasm,
thank god, but exciting all the same. She lay
there helplesssly with her legs opened wide,
allowing complete access to her most vulnerable
parts, completely unable to control her own
body, as the Doctor pumped the water in and out
of her.

Eventually the liquid flowed out of her for the
final time, and she felt Dr Hellen let go of the
tube. She let out a sigh of relief. She hoped that
was the end of her "genital examination", but Dr
Hellen remained behind the tent. She jumped as
his fingers suddenly touched the entrance to her
vagina.

"It's OK, Jenny, this part won't hurt." He
informed her. "I need to check in the vaginal
passage for lacerations. I am also concerned
about nerve damage, so I will be asking you how
things feel as we go, OK?"

Jenny agreed, and tried not to twitch as she felt
Dr Hellen's fingers enter her vagina. She could
feel that he was wearing latex gloves on his
hands. Two fingers probed around inside her, and
he placed his other hand flat on her mons, with
the thumb curving down and resting on her clit.
It felt as if there was lubricant on it as it was
incredibly slippery. She tried to twitch away,
but could not move an inch. The thumb began to
move in tiny circles around her little button and
she involuntarily let out a little moan. The
fingers in her vagina were sliding in and out,
pressing against the walls as they did.

"It's very wet down here, Jenny," He told her.
Jenny cringed in embarrassment, and she
spontaneously tensed up, which caused her
vaginal muscles to contract and squeeze Dr
Hellen's fingers. "Very good!'" He said
approvingly. "These are all good signs that there
is no serious damage to the glands and muscles.
Now, I'm going to start testing different areas,
and I want you to tell me if it feels good, OK?"

Jenny was almost whispering as she replied,
"Yes..." She couldn't trust her voice to sound
normal, as she was too busy trying not to get
turned on. It was very difficult.

Dr Hellen pulled his fingers out and ran them
around the mouth of her pussy. His thumb
continued to encircle her clit. "How does that
feel, Jenny?" He asked her.

"Oh, uh, OK," said Jenny, flushing furiously. She
was getting very breathless, and her excitement
was building. She did not want to submit to the
feelings that the doctor was evoking in her, but
she was completely defenseless. Her pussy was
held open and exposed for his hands to explore
however they wished, and she could not admit to
him that he was getting her too excited.

The fingers moved a little deeper into her pussy
again, circling with the same rhythm as the
thumb on her clit. "How's that?" He asked gently.

Jenny gasped and closed her eyes, rolling her
head around on the pillow. Her body was
rebelling against her, giving in to the hands that
seemed to know exactly how to touch her to drive
her crazy. The Doctor heard her gasp and pushed
his fingers in a little further.

"When I ask you how it feels, if you don't answer
I'll presume that means that it's good, alright
Jenny?" He asked her.

Jenny managed a grunt in reply. Her eyes
widened as she felt the fingers inside her begin
to stroke the upper wall of her pussy, just below
the cervix. It was as if the doctor could see her
most sensitive places as he brushed her g-spot
with his fingertips.

"That's good, isn't it Jenny." He said, slowly
manipulating her clit with his thumb, keeping
her body taut with excitement without allowing
her to get any nearer to orgasm. Another finger
joined the first two inside her, and they began
sliding in and out of her, rubbing against her g-
spot.

"You like that, don't you?" He continued the
circling of her clit, sliding his slick thumb over
and around the hood of the tiny nub that was now
totally engorged. He lightened up on the pressure
so that she remained at a constant level of
excitement.

Jenny's entire body was shaking. She wanted to
both push back against the hands, and escape
their touch, at the same time. Her mind reeled in
torment as she struggled to fight the arousing
assault. Part of her was desperate not to give in.
She would die of humiliation if she orgasmed in
front of the doctor, whether that was his
intention or not. but being pinned open
helplessly before him, legs spread wide,
exposing her pussy like an offering, seemed to be
turning her on even more. Each time she
reflexively tried to close her legs or move her
arms to push him away, and found she couldn't,
an extra wave of dizzying heat washed over her.
She didn't want to respond like this, but she was
being betrayed by her own body. She could
barely breathe, let alone speak!

As Dr Hellen continued to keep Jenny's arousal at
a point where she could neither go forward to
orgasm, or reduce her excitement, he looked
over at Dr Bach. The older man was enjoying the
display. He suddenly cleared his throat, which
caused Jenny to jerk violently in her bonds. She
had forgotten the other doctor hidden behind the
tent, and now she realised that he had a very good
view of everything that Dr Hellen was doing to
her! She gasped with the effort as she struggled
to free herself, but it was futile. Dr Hellen
decided to increase her stimulation a little,
which overwhelmed her completely, and she
ceased her wriggling, subsiding into to helpless
groans.

"Dr Bach, you know how to perform a breast
examination, don't you?" Asked Dr Hellen in a
sly voice.

Dr Bach got up from his chair and approached
the bed. Jenny shook her head helpelssly, as he
replied, "I would be more than happy to oblige."

He stood over Jenny and reached down for the
sheet. Slowly, he pulled it down so that her
breasts were revealed. Jenny was paralysed, she
couldn't find her voice to protest. Dr Bach looked
for a few seconds, and then he said, "Doctor
Hellen. It looks as if your patient is rather
enjoying this examination. Her nipples are
erect."

Jenny's humiliation was complete. She closed
her eyes and turned her face away from Dr Bach
as he reached down and placed a cool hand on each
breast. His fingers found her nipples, which
were indeed as hard as rocks, and began rolling
them between thumb and finger. Jennys eyes
rolled back in her head as, in her mind, she saw
herself kicking and punching the two men, and
then curling herself into a ball so they could not
reach her tender parts. Her limbs twitched and
flexed but couls not respond to her brains
commands. The solid casts kept them completely
disabled, leaving her at the mercy of the doctors
fingers.

Dr Hellen maintained his attack on her
defenseless pussy. The circles that he drew
around her clitoris with his well-lubricated
thumb grew intuitively softer or harder with
every stroke, as he kept her quivering on the
edge of orgasm. The fingers that he pushed in and
out of her sopping wet pussy probed and stroked
gently, driving her crazy. Dr Bach switched
from rolling her nipples between his fingers to
lightly circling them with his fingertips,
tickling and teasing. Jenny found herself
involuntarily strained against the bandages that
held her down to the bed to try and get closer to
the fingers. The combination of nipple and clit
stimulation, along with the fingers teasing her
pussy, left Jenny completely powerless to
resist. Her body was under their control now.
She moaned and tossed her head frantically,
almost going crazy with frustration as they kept
her trembling on the edge.

Dr Bach began to whisper to her softly. "Oh, you
really are enjoying this, aren't you, Jenny. I
could tell that you were a naughty girl as soon as
I saw you. You'd like us to make you come,
wouldn't you, you naughty girl!"

Jenny managed to shake her head. "Noooo," She
moaned. She knew that the Doctor would love to
see her beg, she would lose her last scrap of
dignity if she asked them to bring her off.

Dr Hellen called to her. "Jenny, you really are
very excited. Wouldn't you like me to give you a
nice orgasm? It would feel really good, wouldn't
it? I don't want to just stop and leave you in this
state." He punctuated his sentences with little
flicks of his thumbnail against her clitoris that
sent shockwaves through her body. Jenny's chest
heaved as she thrashed her head from side to side
in protest.

Dr Bach looked down at her and laughed. "I think
she is denying her own feelings. Maybe it would
be good for her if she were forced to succumb to
her desires." He leaned down and whispered into
her ear, suddenly pinching her nipples tightly.
"Don't you think we can make you come, little
girl? You have no idea how completely helpless
you are in our hands. We can make you come or
we can make you plead for mercy." He
straightened up again, squashing each nipple
alternately. "What do you think, Doctor Hellen?"

Dr Hellen said, "Hmmm. No, I really think that
she should be in agreement before we give her an
orgasm. It's rather personal, after all. Maybe
she can be persuaded, though."

"Do you have a way of convincing her?" Asked Dr
Bach.

"There's something I'd like to try. I think you'll
like this, Jenny." Dr Hellen removed his thumb
from her clitoris. In a couple of seconds it was
replaced by something warm, slippery, and wet-
his tongue! Jenny moaned loudly and started
struggling again.

"She like it so far," laughed Dr Bach. Dr Hellen
responded with a "Hmmmm." that sent
vibrations buzzing through Jenny's body.
Meanwhile the hand that had been working on her
clit slipped down past her pussy, and came to
rest on her buttocks. A single finger began
circling her tender anus as the tongue against
her clit flicked and lapped, teasing her to new
heights. Jenny's juices had dripped down to her
bottom which provided perfect lubrication for
the latex-clad  finger that started to press
against her anus, squeezing through the tight
opening and slowly sliding deeper into her canal,
rotating from side to side.

Jenny was almost sobbing with frustration as
she felt the finger enter her. She had never had
anal sex before, and the feeling of invasion as it
moved deeper and deeper was too much for her.
She began howling as she was helplessly licked
and probed in both orifices.

Dr Hellen was expert with his fingers and his
tongue, and he could sense exactly when Jenny
was about to orgasm. He played with her
accordingly, reducing the pressure on her clit
by sliding his tongue incredibly slowly across it
as he increased the pressure on her g-spot,
pressing harder as her traced tiny designs with
the tips of his fingers. He would let her come
back from the edge and then start to tease the
little bud with the tip of his tongue, thrusting
his fingers in and out of her pussy, while making
tiny, almost imperceptible movements with the
finger in her arsehole. When she started to get
too close to orgasm again, he would keep his
tongue completely still, and slid the finger
slowly in and out of her ass.

Jenny's ability to resist was long gone.
Helplessly, she suffered the teasing stimulation
that kept her on the verge of orgasm, held there
at the whim of the doctors. Dr Bach continued to
play with her breasts and nipples, teasing and
squeezing and laughing at her howls. Then he
reached over and started stuffing a large roll of
bandages into her mouth. "You're making too
much noise, naughty girl. It's your fault that we
have to keep you on the edge like this. You have to
want to come first." He laughed again as she tried
to spit out the roll, to no avail. Her moans were
muffled but still loud.

"Now, I'll ask you again," Said Dr Bach. "Do you
want to come?" As he said this, Dr Hellen sucked
her clit into his mouth and allowed her to come
even closer to the brink. "Nod your head if you
do."

With tears in her eyes, Jenny gave in and nodded.
Dr Bach pulled out the bandage from her mouth.
"Very good, Jenny. But it's not over yet. You
made us wait, so now you must tell us what to do
to make you come."

Suddenly Dr Hellen stopped. He kept his tongue
and fingers in place, but ceased all movement.
Jenny began to scream.

She was so sensitive now that she could feel the
tiny pulses in Dr Hellens fingers as they stayed
rigid inside her. She tried to gyrate her crotch
against his mouth, straining forward to slide
deeper onto his fingers, but the doctors had
permitted her no movement when they had bound
her up. She felt Dr Hellens tongue twitch
against her clit and finally her willpower
collapsed and she began to beg them to bring her
to climax.

Please, please, please... She wailed. Dr Bach
pinched her nipples and pulled them away from
her body. Dr Hellen resumed his careful teasing,
keeping her under his control as his fingers and
tongue played her like an instrument.

Well, well, it seems as if you managed to
persuade her, Dr Hellen, Smirked Dr Bach.
Now, Jenny, how about some explicit
instructions?

Jenny panted with the strain as she tried to
achieve that final step over the edge, but her
body was under Dr Hellens command. It was
obvious that the doctors would not give her what
she now desperately needed unless she yielded to
Dr Bachs orders.

Please.... do it harder.... She gasped. Dr Hellen
sucked her clit into his mouth again and circled
it with his tongue as he thrust his fingers deep
into her pussy and arse, gradually speeding up
the rhythm, finally allowing her to approach
orgasm. Dr Bach laughed.

Isnt that good? How does it feel? He asked her
lewdly. Jennys breath came in sobs and she
managed a gasped reply.

Oh, ah, good, uh... She panted. Dr Bach leant
down and took her left nipple into his mouth,
sucking hard as he squeezed and pulled the right
one. Dr Hellen slid another finger into her anus,
filling her even more, pumping hard as he
suckled her clitoris, which at last brought Jenny
soaring over the edge.

She shook as the orgasm rocked through her
captive body. Being unable to move made it all
the more intense and she had to submit
completely to the feeling. Each wave of pleasure
was different as Dr Hellen stimulated her clit,
g-spot and anus in turn, controlling the climax,
extending it endlessly. Her body had surrendered
to the fingers inside her, and the tongue seemed
to be caressing her very soul.

The energy that flowed from her as she climaxed
soon left her exhausted, but Dr Hellen still had
her body under his mastery. He kept the waves of
ecstasy rolling through her with his
manipulative fingers and tongue. Gradually he
allowed the climax to lose its intensity, and
Jenny managed to catch her breath. The fingers
slid from inside her and the tongue retreated,
and finally she was left empty, almost
unconscious. Her pussy throbbed intensely and
her anus felt stretched and sensitive.

Jenny finally opened her eyes, and saw the two
doctors standing over her. She was so
overwhelmed by what they had done to her that
she couldnt think straight. She was helpless
here in her casts, and they could do anything
they wanted to her! No one even knew she was
here! She was at their mercy so she had better
think carefully before she accused them of
anything.

She opened her mouth to speak, but Dr Bach put
his hand over it, muffling her squawk of protest.
He looked into her pleading eyes as he spoke.

Jenny, Im going to count you down now. Five-
four-three-two-one. he clicked his fingers and
snapped, Sleep!

Jennys head immediately flopped sideways and
her eyes closed. The doctors grinned at each
other.

Well, Said Dr Bach. This is all going
extremely well. What a perfect subject she is. I
cant believe how well the hypnosis is working!

Yeah, she cant even remember which country
she lives in! Scoffed Dr Hellen. Its a shame it
didnt work as well on that orange-haired bitch
that came in with her.

Well, we cant have a hundred percent success
rate. And I think our methods of dealing with
young Saffron have been just as effective.

The younger doctor nodded. What shall we do
with her now? He asked.

Lets reprogram her a little, erase a little, and
continue this game for a while. I am enjoying it
so much thus far.

Angelica appeared through the door grinning. She
had removed the headdress and her incredible
blonde hair flowed loosely around her shoulders.

 I heard every minute of it over the intercom.
She peered into Jennys face.  Is she under?
She is really too much! She laughed. Can I
have a go at her next?

The doctors looked at each other. That would be
very interesting, Mused Dr Bach, As shes
already worried that you might have a grudge
against her after your amazing performance
earlier today. You were very convincing, you
little slut!

Angelica glowed with pleasure at the compliment
and purred, Well it was fun to be on the other
end of the stick for once. I might even be
persuaded to try it again some time. She looked
coyly at the two doctors.

Dr Hellen patted her bottom. Im sure we can
arrange that, He said. Now let us get on with
this and then you can fix her up a bit so she
doesnt suspect anything.

Angelica sat back and watched, planning her next
encounter with Jenny, as the Doctors told the
powerless girl to forget.... forget.... forget....

**********************************
**********************************



Part Four Coming Soon. Please feel free to
comment. And thanks for all the praise so far!




The Hospital Part four (MFf, bdsm, nc)





It was dark in her room when Jenny awoke from
a dreamless sleep. She felt stiff and tried to
stretch but was quickly reminded of her
predicament when her arms met the solid
resistance of the plaster casts. She yawned and
licked her lips, feeling parched and achy.

She must have dozed off while the doctors were
still here, she realised. She recalled the
unpleasant discussion with that horrid Dr Bach,
and Dr Hellen helping her to pee, but that was it.
Between her legs felt extra-sensitive and she
guessed that Dr Hellen must have replaced her
catheter again. It seemed amazing that she could
have fallen asleep when he was touching her
there, but what else could explain it? Unless,
she realised with a pang of fear, she was
suffering more memory loss.

She fought back tears as the faces of her mother
and father sprang into her mind. Why cant I
remember where you are? She thought. I want to
see you so much. I want you to take me out of
here! She sighed. She was sure that they would
be looking for her. Somehow they would find her
and everything would be alright.

As she gazed up at the ceiling, she realised that
there was soft yellow light coming from the tent
over her legs. She looked down and realised that
she could see the outline of the door through the
sheet. As she watched, a shadowy figure appeared
in the doorway, and stood there.

Somebody was watching her! She felt a prick of
fear as the figure remained motionless. Jennys
heart pounded as she called, Is anyone there?

The figure remained still for a few seconds
longer, then approached the bed. Jenny held her
breath as it rounded the sheet. It was Angelica!
The memory of the punishment that the nurse
had suffered because of her resurfaced, and she
cringed inwardly.

Angelica, however, was smiling. Hello, my
dear, She said in a friendly tone as she switched
on the lamp next to the bed. Did you sleep
well?

Jenny was amazed and relieved. Yes thanks.
She answered. She still felt the need to apologise
so she took a deep breath and said, Angelica, I
feel really bad about what happened this
afternoon. I didnt mean to tell on you, but I was
in such pain it just popped out and ...

Hush, hush, said Angela kindly. I understand.
Lets forget about it for now. Are you thirsty?

Angelica helped Jenny sip water through the
straw, and then she squeezed the catheter tube so
Jenny could pee. She plumped up her pillows,
and was so caring that Jenny really believed that
the girl was not at all upset about the incident.
How strange! She thought. I would never have
shown my face again in this room.

Im going off duty for the night now, said
Angelica. I need to check your blood pressure
and then Ill get you comfortable. Do you want a
sleeping draft tonight?

Jenny shook her head. She was still sleepy,
despite her recent nap, and her mind was foggy
enough as it was. The last thing she needed was
pills that made her dopey.

Angelica reached down beneath the bed and came
back up clutching what looked like a boxers
mouthguard. It was black and rubbery, with
straps hanging off it and a deflated balloon
sticking out of one side.

Now open your mouth wide, dear, Said the
nurse, leaning over the bed.

D-dont you do it on my arm? Asked Jenny.
She did not like the look of the contraption in
Angelicas hand.

Angelica lifted a perfect eyebrow. Dont be a
baby, Jenny. I cant use your arm because its
all wrapped up. Silly girl! Now open up and itll
be over in a few minutes.

Jenny sighed and opened her mouth. The nurse
slid the black rubber inside so that the balloon
rested on her tongue. Bite down now, She
ordered, and Jenny closed her jaw, her teeth
sliding into the specially-formed retainer that
encased them completely, filling her mouth with
the bitter taste of rubber.

Angelica lifted her head and fixed the straps
around the back so that the mouthpiece could not
be ejected, then she reached down for a black
tube with a large bulb at one end. She screwed
the end of the tube into a little hole in the front
of the mouthpiece, then started to squeeze the
bulb, inflating the balloon in Jennys mouth.
Jenny made a gagging sound and Angelica
frowned.

Keep your tongue flat while I pump this up,
She instructed. Jenny nodded and Angelica
continued until the balloon completely filled
Jennys mouth, forcing her jaw open and pinning
her tongue down against the bottom of her mouth.
She shook her head at Angelica as the strain
began to make her jaw ache. Her eyes pleaded
with the nurse, who quickly reached over and
unscrewed the tube. The air remained in the
balloon.

She stood up and looked down at Jenny. How does
that feel? She asked. Jennys reply was
unintelligible and barely audible. Can you push
it out of your mouth? She enquired. A smile
spread across her face as Jenny tried to work
her jaw, pushing up with her tongue and shaking
her head from side to side in an attempt to loosen
the straps that held it firmly in place.

Jenny tried to plead with her eyes as the girl
gloated over her predicament. She was now
terrified that Angelica was planning some awful
revenge on her. She soon found out what it was.

Angelica lifted a black bag up from the floor and
put it on the table, rummaging around inside.
You are stupid. Did you really think that you
would get away with setting me up like that?
She asked Jenny, who continued to shake her
head in objection.

Now you know how it feels to be tied up and
gagged, She said, taking items out of the bag and
laying them on the bed. Jenny couldnt see what
they were. And next Im going to show you how
humiliating it feels to be turned on against your
will. You may as well stop that thrashing, youll
just strain your neck.

Jenny continued to twist her head around, trying
to dislodge the huge rubber ball in her mouth
that silenced her so effectively. If she could just
cry out, surely somebody would hear! She
screamed through her gag but the mewing sounds
that came out were too quiet.

Angelica giggled and tickled Jenny under the
chin. My my, we are spirited tonight. I dont
want you to hurt your neck though, so Ill have
to put this restraint on. Hold still.

Angelica slipped a stiff white plastic collar
around Jennys neck and buckled it in place. It
encased her neck and chin, holding her head up
and preventing her from looking down or turning
from side to side. Jennys last liberty had been
removed and she now was unable to move a single
part of her own body. All she could do was blink
her eyes.

Angelica stood back and admired her handiwork.
Then she held up a large vibrator so that Jenny
could see it. I think Ill use this one in your
tight little pussy, She said thoughtfully, as
Jenny whimpered hopelessly. She flicked a
switch on the toy and it began gyrating and
buzzing at the same time. Next she held up a
floppy,black, jelly-like dildo shaped like a huge
penis. It was nearly a foot long, and she
demonstrated how it too had a vibrator inside it.
I wonder how far into your arsehole this will
go? She mused. Jennys eyes bulged.

Oh, and I havent forgotten that sensitive little
button of yours, She said, rummaging in the
bag again. Yes! She crowed triumphantly, as
she found what she was looking for. I have
enough for your pretty little nipples too. Lets
start with them right away, shall we?

Jenny mewed in protest as Angelica pulled back
the sheet and started rubbing her nipples
between her fingers. To her horror she felt them
stiffen of their own accord as Angelica expertly
teased them. She felt her left nipple being pulled
away from her body, stretching it out, and then
suddenly a sharp pain shot through her breast!

Jenny jerked violently and tears sprung into her
eyes as Angelica twisted the nipple that was now
trapped in the grip of a crocodile clip. She
struggled futily as Angelica moved to the other
nipple. She twisted and rubbed until it was
ultra-sensitive, then stretched it out and clipped
the tiny pincer in place.

Pretty sensitive, arent they? She asked
Jenny, as she leant down and ran her tongue
around each nipple in turn. Jenny howled
silently in anguish through her gag, tears
pouring down her face.

Angelica picked her other toys up and moved
down to the end of the bed. As the pain in her
nipples subsided to a dull throb, Jenny heard her
taunting her from between her legs.

I bet you feel VERY vulnerable right now. Dont
you wish you could pull these pretty legs of
yours together? But you cant, can you? You just
have to lie there and take what I give you.
Angelica blew softly over Jennys pussy,
stroking the insides of her thighs above the
casts. She laughed as Jennys legs twitched
helplessly.

It looks so nice and juicy, Jenny, spread wide
open, just waiting for me to fill it up. Well, here
we go...

Jenny heard a squelching sound and then felt the
tip of the vibrator, slippery with lubricant,
pressing against her vagina. She could do nothing
as it slid into her, filling her completely.
Angelica slid it in and out a few times, taunting
Jenny all the time.

Oh, you are a dirty bitch, Jenny, youre really
enjoying this. Youre juicing up! It feels sooo
good, doesnt it... Jenny could only whimper in
response, trying not to respond to the
stimulation.

Angelica left the vibrator in Jennys pussy, and
reached for the rubbery dildo. With a good
coating of lubricant on her finger, she pried
open Jennys anus and inserted the tip of the
giant into the opening. Jenny winced as she was
stretched wider and wider by the penis-shaped
toy travelling deeper and deeper into her bowel.
Angelica kept talking.

Yes, Jenny, believe me, I know how it feels to
be helpless, to have your body invaded... dont
you remember? Now you can enjoy it too! Its
good, isnt it? Finally the progress stopped,
and Jenny felt stuffed full. She could feel the
muscles in her pussy and ass trying to contract
around the huge invaders, and the sensation sent
shockwaves of excitement rushing through her.
She felt them shift inside her as Angelica plugged
electricity cords into the toys. She also attached
a thin chain to the end of the vibrator protruding
from Jennys vagina and draped it up over her
mons. She would have a use for it pretty soon.

Angelica reached for a roll of bandages, and began
wrapping them around the tops of Jennys legs in
a figure of eight pattern, binding them tightly
across her vagina and anus, securing the dildos
in position, leaving the cords hanging free.
Jenny wriggles her toes helplessly. She had been
expecting Angelica to try and bring her to the
edge of orgasm and stop, but she obviously had a
different scheme in mind.

Angelica finished and tied the bandages off. She
had left Jennys clit exposed, and Jenny was
terrified to think what she had in store for that
most sensitive place. She found out straight
away, as Angelicas tongue slid over it and began
to tease it out from under the hood. Soon it was
engorged and throbbing, and Jenny could not
resist the assault which soon  brought her close
to orgasm. Angelica withdrew her tongue.

Hmmm, tastes pretty good, She said huskily.
I bet its feeling very sensitive right now,
huh? She pinched the swollen nub cruelly
between her fingertips and was satisfied by a
whine of agony as she rolled it around.

OK, well, Ive got to be going now, so ld better
finish this up... She said. Pulling Jennys clit
out from its hiding place, she deftly snapped the
third crocodile clip in place. Jenny saw stars as
the white pain shot through her.

Angelica walked up to the head of the bed and
smirked down at the red-faced girl. I want you
to try and get some sleep, Jenny. This might
help. She tied a blindfold over Jennys teary
eyes. Dont worry, I wont forget to switch on
the toys before I go. Ill plug them in to the
electricity so they dont run out. Have a good
night!

Angelica laughed as she reached down and shoved
earplugs into Jennys ears. The girl was now
locked inside her own body so the sensations
would be even more intense. Then she walked
down to the end of the bed, and flicked the switch
on the vibrators. She took the tiny chain and tied
it tautly to the clip on Jennys clitoris, which
increased the pressure and transferred the
vibrations to that area too.

OK, you can come in now, She half-whispered.
The two doctors appeared, and the three of them
watched intently as Jenny shook and twitched in
her bonds as the vibrations ripped through her,
whimpering into her gag.

Jenny lay locked in her own world where the
pain and pleasure had become intermingled. She
could feel her pussy getting warmer and wetter
as the vibrator hummed away, gyrating around
inside her. It was so slippery that she would
have been able to push it out easily if the
bandages werent there to hold it in place. The
pain in her nipples was gone, now they just felt
incredibly tender and achy. It almost felt like
they were being sucked. The giant vibrating dildo
in her ass still felt painfully wide and long, but
the helpless feeling she got when she tried to
squeeze it out of her anus caused thrills of
excitement to radiate through her. Her clitoris
throbbed, each pulse felt like a red wave of pain
that somehow, with the pleasure from the dildos,
was bringing her body closer and closer to
climaxing, no matter how hard she tried to fight
it.

Jenny moaned into her gag as the first orgasm
began to build inside her. All she could do was lie
and wait as the electric toys hummed along at
their own speed, gradually increasing her
excitement. As the first waves of climax
overtook her she screamed silently through her
mouthful of rubber at the force of it. There was
nothing she could do to reduce the impact of the
vibrators, which continued their pace
obliviously, causing her body to shudder and
struggle against the imprisoning bandages. It
seemed an eternity that she was plunged into the
depths of her own sensations, lost in a labyrinth
of endless pleasure and pain.

Finally she began to come down from the plateau.
The vibrators were still buzzing inside her and
she was now feeling extra-tender. She tried to
ignore the stimulation, but there was nowhere
for her mind to hide, and soon another orgasm
began to build.

This time she took even longer to reach her
climax. The ascent was mindnumbing and she
began an endless howling that was absorbed by
the black rubber ball. She felt as if she would
lose her mind if she came again, but what could
she do to stop it?

For hours, the defenseless girls body shook with
the endless assault. The trio had their fill of
watching her struggles and left her to suffer
alone. They checked in on her occasionally  and
listening to her muffled cries as she overdosed
on pleasure and pain. Then finally Dr Hellen
decided she had had enough. He slid a needle into
her arm and she stiffened, then collapsed back.

Her body continued to respond until he removed
the vibrators and the clips. Dr Hellen replaced
the little piece of tape that he had been keeping
stuck over Jennys clit as a mild stimulus, and
finally he removed the gag, earplugs and
blindfold. Then he went to rejoin Angelica and Dr
Bach to continue their games with their other
patient, Saffron.

**********************************
********************************


Part Five underway!




The Hospital, Part 5

Saffron lay helpless on the cold stone floor. She breathed ragged gasps of
air through the tube i her mouth as she tried to fight back the
claustrophobic terror that threatened to overwhelm her. She was trying
desperately to free herself before her captors returned, but her limbs
were tightly bound, and her futile struggles just exhausted her further.
As the minutes ticked past, she became more and more frantic. They would
be back soon, and whatever they had planned for her next was going to be
even worse than before. She had to get herself and Jenny out of this
place! Remembering what she had been through so far, she began to fight
harder against her bonds.

******************************************************************

Saffron and Jenny had arrived at the new club in town, Tantra, full of
excitement, looking forward to a night of partying. The interior of the
club exceeded their expectations. It was decorated like an eastern temple,
with huge statues of Shiva and other exotic figures towering over the
dance floor, and giant tapestries covering the walls. The music pounded as
the two girls explored the various side rooms, earning admiring glances
from the people they passed. They were looking good and they knew it. They
came across a room full of cushions, with a fountain on the middle. Two
gorgeous men were puffing from huge bubble jars. One looked up and said,
"This is the VIP room. But you look like VIPs too, so come on in!"

Saffron and Jenny were thrilled, and soon found themselves lounging in the
cushions, chatting to the guys, who said they were the club owners. They
were offered drinks, which they sipped luxuriantly, feeling special as
other girls passing the room shot looks of jealousy their way. The drinks
were strong, and Saffron soon found herself giggling inanely at everything
the guys said. Looking up she saw a bouncer closing the door. Then she
suddenly noticed that Jenny was asleep, but the guys didn't seem to care.
They were staring at Saffron intently and she realised that she was
speaking utter gibberish. The room began to spin as she slumped back into
the cushions. The last thing she remembered was being lifted by several
pairs of hands as she slipped into unconsciousness.

When she came around, a beaky-looking man was leaning over her, chanting
in a monotone.

"Saffron, you will remember nothing, Saffron, forget..." He leapt back in
surprise when she opened her eyes.

"Where the fuck am I?" She groaned in disorientation. She looked around,
and saw Jenny lying like a zombie next to her on a hospital bed. Her eyes
were open, but she stared blindly at the ceiling. Saffron sat up dizzily,
and the little man scuttled out of the room, closing the door behind him.

"Hey!" She called after him, but he was gone. She  slid her legs off the
bed and stood, holding onto the side rail as a wave of dizziness swept
over her. The floor was freezing against her bare soles. She felt
nauseous, and tried to remember how much she had drunk last night... and
then she recalled being in  the cushion room and passing out. Did those
guys slip a drug into her drink? She let go of her bed and took two
unsteady steps over to Jenny, and peered into her face. Jenny did not look
good, she thought. She wasn't even blinking. Saffron wondered where that
weird man had gone. Her friend looked really sick. Why wasn't someone
helping her?

She decided to go and get some help herself, and stumbled to the door. A
few fruitless tugs on the handle told her it was locked. She swore in
frustration, and then stopped to listen as she heard voices outside.

"What do you mean it wasn't working?" Asked a female voice.

"She was awake!" Replied a male voice she recognised as the man who had
been in the room. "She isn't suceptible to it, Angelica. We need to do
something else!"

You fool! You should have given her a shot or something. Is she tied up?
Snapped the woman.

No... Answered the man.  But shes probably still dopey from the drugs.
You know Im not good at that sort of thing!

They argued for a minute and then the woman said, "OK, I'll take care of
it!" The door handle twisted.

Saffron was ready. She didn't know what was going on, but it was obvious
from the conversation she had overheard that she was in danger. She had
picked up the nearest heavy object, a small oxygen tank, and was waiting
crouched behind the door.

It swung open and a stunning blonde woman in a white nurse's uniform
entered the room, a hypodermic ready in her hand. She took a step into the
room and spun around as she heard the door creak, and saw Saffron hurtling
towards her. She screamed as the tank hit her shoulder and the hypodermic
skittered across the floor. Grabbing the girl around the neck with a hiss
of anger, Angelica smashed her into the wall.  Saffron slid to the floor
and rolled into a ball, clutching her head.

That was easy, Angelica snarled, prodding Saffrons ribs with the tip of
her shoe. You are going to be really sorry you did that.

Angelica rolled Saffron onto her belly and sat on her back, calling
triumphantly to the man waiting outside the door, You can come in now, Dr
Bach,  and bring me some rope!

Dr Bach entered, looking relieved. He fetched several lengths of rope and
handed them to Angelica, who grabbed a piece and began binding Saffrons
wrists behind her back. Saffron revived a little and weakly tried to buck
Angelica off her back, kicking her legs.

Tie her ankles together, for gods sake! Angelica ordered, and Dr Bach
complied with a grimace, grabbing Saffrons legs and quickly wrapped the
rope tightly around her ankles and shins to avoid getting kicked himself.

Angelica tied the knot and got up, poking Saffron in the ribs again with
her toe. Saffron responded with a satisfying yelp and tried to roll
herself over. Angelica stopped her with a foot in the small of her back
and smiled at her handiwork. She wasnt finished yet, though.

She grabbed Saffrons ankles, and forced her to bend her knees. She took
another rope and lashed the girls hands and feet together, hogtying her
so that her back arched painfully. Saffron wriggled helplessly as Angelica
lightly traced a line across her bare foot.

Oh, good. Shes ticklish. I am going to have some fun with this one! She
gloated.

Fuck you! Spat Saffron. Angelica laughed gleefully and pushed her onto
her side.  Bending down, she shoved a foam ball into her mouth, and wound
a bandage around her face to hold it in place, also covering her eyes.

We have to go and take care of your little friend Jenny now. Angelica
breathed in her ear. Dont worry though, you won't be neglected for long.
I'll send Dr Hellen in to deal with you!

Saffron heard the squeak of the wheels as they pushed Jenny out on her
bed, and the click as the door closed. Immediately she began to strain
against the ropes that held her in the painful hogtie. Movement was
inpossible though, and she gulped as she realised that she was still going
to be here when the Doctor arrived. Her heart began to beat double time as
her mind contemplated what her captors might have in store for her. She
couldn't imagine why they had kidnapped her and Jenny, as neither of their
families were rich, so there must be some other reason. She felt herself
panicking again at this thought, and breathed deeply through her nose. If
they were going to kill her, they probably would have done it when she
woke up, she reasoned. She recalled Angelica's comment about her
ticklishness. What did that imply? It sounded like they were going to
torture her. Maybe they wanted some information. Maybe they had kidnapped
her by mistake, thinking she was someone else!

As Saffron's mind worked overtime, she began to notice a warm sensation
growing inside her. She had never been tied up before, and the bite of the
ropes around her wrists was strangely exciting. Each time she tugged
helplessly against the knots, she felt her muscles clench involuntarily in
her pussy. How could she be horny at a time like this, she wondered?
Trying to ignore the feelings, she concentrated on her escape plans. She
had to overpower this doctor somehow, find Jenny, then get out of here.
She prayed she would have a chance.

She heard the creak of the door and held her breath as footsteps
approached. Blindly she waited, her heart pounding, as whoever it was
stood over her in silence for a minute. The person sighed, and suddenly
hands slipped between her legs and under her back. She stiffened in terror
as she was lifted into the air, and placed belly-down on a soft surface.
She realised she must be back on the hospital bed as she felt herself
being wheeled out of the room. The ride ended shortly and she whined
through the gag in the hope that the person might take pity on her, but
there was no response. Instead there was a rattle, and a clink. She
listened intently, trying to work out what the clinking noise could be.

Saffrons blood froze as the hands grasped her again and she was lifted
from the bed to the cold floor.  The rope holding her in the hogtie was
loosened and she whined in pain. Her arms and legs ached from being
stretched for so long, and they felt weak and numb. As she lay face down,
something was strapped around her left ankle and she felt the rope holding
her legs together being untied. Before she could react her right ankle was
held in an iron grip and her legs were pulled apart. She tried to kick
but it was too late and her other ankle was quickly strapped in place. She
tried to pull her legs together and heard the clinking sound again. She
must be chained to the floor! She fought back her panic as she realised
that she might have just missed her only chance to escape, and waited
passively for her hands to be untied. Maybe she could still get away.

Her heart sank as she felt straps being buckled around both her wrists
before the ropes had been removed. There was a click and a whirring sound,
and the hands grabbed her around the waist and hauled her to her feet. She
teetered unsteadily and nearly toppled over when she tried to shift her
feet and found she couldnt. Her captor supported her and she felt her
arms being pulled upwards behind her. The rope binding her arms was untied
and the incredibly strong hands gripped her wrists and guided them out and
up above her head. She tried to twist her arms free but it was impossible.
Then the hands let go but somehow her arms were still being pulled out
higher and higher, stretching her up onto tiptoes. With another click the
pulling stopped, and she was left in an upright spread-eagled position.

Saffron tried not to sob, but she was distraught that she had been unable
to get away. Now she was helpless in the hands of this person. She
flinched as a hand brushed against her cheek, and the bandage was unwound
from her eyes and mouth. She spat out the foam gag and, blinking in the
sudden light, recognised the man standing in front of her in a doctors
coat as one of the guys from the club!

 Saffrons mouth was dry, or she would have spat in his face.

What are you, some kind of fucking pervert? She croaked at him, trying
to sound brave. He smiled back and raised an eyebrow, obviously amused by
her question.

Yes! He laughed. Thats right, and youll find out exactly what kind of
pervert I am very soon. He reached out and caught her left nipple through
her thin blouse, twisting and squeezing it.

 Saffron almost passed out as her worst fear was confirmed; he was going
to rape her. She turned her face away as he rolled her nipple between his
finger and thumb. She felt it harden beneath his touch, and to her horror,
a warm tingle began to grow between her legs. He read the message in her
face and chuckled, releasing her nipple and walking behind her. Hopelessly
she looked up and saw that chains stretched from the cuffs around her
wrists up through holes on opposite sides of the ceiling. She guessed
there must be some kind of winch up there.  The short chains on the ankle
cuffs were bolted to the tiled floor, and there was a drain between her
feet. The whole room was white, and bare apart from a hose attached to a
tap on the wall. She pulled her arms but the chains did not give; instead
she felt a tug of arousal as her vaginal muscles contracted. A wave of
hopelessness washed over her.

>From behind her, his hands reached around and grasped her breasts. She
sobbed in frustration as he kneaded her pert little tits and brushed his
fingers over her nipples.

Get your hands off me, you bastard! She wept, but he did not respond.
Instead, his hands explored her body, caressing her through her clothing
as they slid over her flat belly and down towards her spread legs.
Instinctively she tried to pull her legs closed, but the chains held them
wide open to his touch, and he ran his fingers between them, pulling up
her skirt and stroking her inner thighs.

 Lets get these clothes off you and see what weve got, He murmured
into her ear. She shuddered as she felt metal against her skin. Looking
down, she saw a large pair of scissors slide across her thigh, caressing
her skin with the blade as he began to cut upwards through the skirt,
towards her waist. Her flesh crawled as the cold steel brushed against
her. He snipped through the waistband and the skirt fell to the floor.
Saffron tried to twist away as the blades sliced through her cotton
blouse, but she was held immobile.  She was left standing in her white bra
and panties.

She flinched as she felt his fingers slip inside her panties from behind.
I think youre enjoying this, Saffron, He said.  Its pretty wet down
here. She tried to writhe away as he pulled the front of her panties up
so that they dug into her crotch. He gently worked the material between
her pussy lips, rubbing it against her clit and making her even wetter. He
raised his other hand and snipped the straps of her bra, freeing her
breasts. If I were you, Id keep still, He told her. You wouldnt want
these scissors to slip and take off a nipple.

You fucking bastard! Saffron sobbed helplessly. Let me go!

Dr Hellen put down the scissors and withdrew his hand. He walked in front
of her and said, That is no way for a young lady to talk. He frowned.
Now, you might as well relax and enjoy this, because theres absolutely
nothing you can do to stop me, is there?

Saffron closed her eyes in defeat as he hooked his thumbs around the sides
of her panties and tugged them down as far as they would go, leaving them
stretched between her open thighs, just above her knees. He stood back and
admired the effect, drinking in her pert breasts and slender hips. She
swayed slightly, feeling woozy with fear and unwelcome excitement, the
chains supporting her as her legs turned to jelly.

So, youre a real redhead, He commented, looking at her curly orange
pubic hair. Its a shame itll have to go, but Angelica prefers no fur.
Saffron struggled vainly as he moved towards her and his hands reached out
and stroked her breasts again. This time there was no material in the way,
and he bent his head down and closed his lips over her hard little nipple.
Saffron realised that his ear was within her reach and reacted instantly.
Her teeth sank into his tender lobe and he howled in agony, jerking
backwards.

You silly little bitch! He shouted, clutching his ear. Now Im going to
have to teach you a lesson!

Saffrons moment of triumph was soon over as he grabbed a handful of her
hair and forced her head back, preventing her from biting him, and took
her nipple into his mouth again. She screamed as she felt his teeth
nibbling at her, and his fingers found her other nipple, pinching it hard.
Soon there was a deep throb pulsing through her breasts. He stopped and
reached into his pocket, pulling out what looked like a pair of screw-on
earrings, with dangling stones. He placed one over her swollen nipple and
began tightening the screw, and she winced as it began to hurt. When he
was finished, the earring was firmly attached to her teat, and he pulled
his hand away, letting the stone drop. It was heavier than she had
expected, and it sent a flame of pain through her body as it hung from her
breast, the stones weight pulling it down. In seconds the other nipple was
adorned in the same way, and the throbbing pain flared every time she
moved and the dangling stones swung.

She moaned as he flicked her nipples with his nails. You see, He told
her, enjoying her pain. You really should behave yourself. Somebody in
such a helpless position as yourself should be more careful. Now, lets
see if youre enjoying this game so far.

Saffron struggled to pull her legs together as his hand moved over her
stomach and between her legs, but the cuffs kept them spread wide and open
to his touch. His finger slid over her clit and pressed into her wet
pussy, entering her easily. She trembled as his finger probed deeper and
found her g-spot, gently massaging it, and his other hand flicked the
dangling stones, sending conflicting messages to her brain. He pushed the
rest of his fingers into her vagina and flexed them inside her, and his
thumb found her clit. He pressed hard, rotating it in small circles.

You are so wet down here. He gloated.  See, I told you that I could
make you come. Its going to be easy. He continued his gentle
manipulations, watching Saffrons face as she gritted her teeth against
her building excitement.

Just because Im wet, it doesnt mean Im going to come, Saffron hissed
at him. He looked up and raised an eyebrow at her. She was breathing
heavily, and she gasped as he pressed hard against her g-spot.

You really are being stupid, Saffron. He said sternly. Why do you want
to challenge me? I can make you beg to come if I want. You cant stop me.

He reached up and stroked her arm just below the cuff, his other hand
still moving between her legs. How does it feel to be spread open like
this? He whispered, trailing his fingers down to her armpit. To be
completely defenseless, and to find that your body is betraying you? He
moved to her side and straddled her leg, so that he could reach her back
also. His hand stroked her armpit, tickling her, making her body shake and
the stones jiggle from her nipples.

Saffron moaned involuntarily as he slid his hand down her back, between
the cleft of her pert buttocks, and began stroking her anus with his
thumb. It slid further between her legs and dipped into the wetness of her
pussy, then returned and she gasped as it pushed its way into her rectum,
flexing inside her. More fingers stroked her labia and began teasing the
entrance to her pussy, making her twitch as they tried to squeeze inside
her.

The thumb inside her ass pressed deeper, and his fingers dipped in and out
of her vagina. She felt her excitement mount as his fingers fluttered
between her legs, bringing her closer to orgasm. His thumb circled her
clitoris slowly, gradually building the pressure inside her. Saffron felt
the relentless fingers testing her body's responses,  learning what made
her moan helplessly.  She panicked as she felt herself getting closer to
orgasm, but her body was no longer under her control.

I want to taste you, He breathed as he knelt before her and pressed his
tongue against her clit, sliding it back and forth across the swollen bud
in rhythm with the fingers in her pussy. His thumb flexed deep in her
rectum as he teased her towards the edge. She sagged helplessly as his
lips closed over her clit and he slowly sucked her into his mouth. She
shuddered as his teeth grazed her gently.

Youre going to come, arent you? He asked, his words punctuated with
thrusts of his fingers. She shook her head, but she knew that he had her
now.  She sobbed as the vibrations began to swamp her senses, sending
surges of pleasure through her body.

Noooooo... She gasped as she exploded into cumming, and he sucked harder
on her clit, extending the crest of the orgasm and taking her breath away.
She twisted in the chains as the feeling intensified until it was almost
unbearable, but she could not escape his hot tongue and fingers.

 Her legs gave way and she slumped. It seemed to last forever as he lapped
at her sensitive little button, making it feel as if it was on fire, and
each stroke of his tongue was like the lash of a whip. At last she felt
herself coming back from the edge, and he began to slow down his
attentions.

You bastard, She sobbed quietly when it was over and his fingers left
her throbbing clit. She bowed her head and tears rolled down her face. She
jerked suddenly when a jet of freezing cold water hit her pussy.

Shower time! Shouted Dr Hellen, laughing as Saffron tried to escape the
water. He kept it trained on her now sensitive clit, making her scream.
Then he decided to soak her all over and held the hose over her head,
wetting her hair. She spluttered as the water ran into her face. It was so
cold her head felt numb.

Oh god, please stop! She begged. For some reason he seemed to take pity
on her, and adjusted the temperature, making it warm. He made sure she was
wet all over, then took a handful of shampoo and massaged it into her hair.

Keep your eyes closed, or itll sting, He told her as his fingers rubbed
her scalp. It felt so good that she sighed, almost forgetting where she
was. He finished the massage and rinsed her long orange hair free of soap,
then applied conditioner. She was amazed at this gentle treatment. He
rinsed her hair again, then soaped her body, massaging her shoulders and
back. His fingers moved across her chest and kneaded her breasts,
caressing her nipples. His hands slid over her tummy and lathered her
pubic hair, making lots of suds. Then his hand slipped between her legs
and began carefully washing her pussy, stroking her gently. Unbelievably,
she found herself responding again, even though she had just come, and she
moaned inadvertantly.

Dr Hellen laughed and sighed, I am just too good, arent I?

Saffron came to her senses and pulled away as far as the chains would
allow. Dont kid yourself, She snarled. If I wasnt tied up you
wouldnt stand a chance.

Dr Hellen shrugged and reached down to the panties around her knees, and
ripped them off her, making her wince. He continued lathering her body,
gently stroking her between her thighs and in the cleft of her buttocks.
She shivered as his fingers brushed her anus. He grinned.

Was that the first time anyone touched you inside your ass? He
whispered, circling her tender anus with his soapy finger.

None of your fucking business! She snarled. It was, and she had been
shocked at her own response to the new sensation.

Id better make sure its clean in here, He murmured, sliding his finger
into her rectum again.

She bucked away, but her circled her waist with his arm, holding her still
as his finger glided in and out.

Goddamn you! She screamed helplessly as he pushed another finger into
her, stretching her wider. She didnt want it to feel good, but it did,
and she couldnt stop him.

Ill have to find something nice and big to put in here later. I bet
youve never been really filled before, hmmm? She gasped as his fingers
slowly explored inside the sensitive passage. "I can teach your body to
come like this."

He held her still as his inexorable fingers slid in and out, sending waves
of helpless excitement through her body. He finally removed them and
continued to wash her legs and feet, then rinsed her off for the last time.

She stood shivering as the water dripped off her. The doctor wrapped a
huge towel around her and rubbed her dry. Then he towel-dried her hair and
combed it through.

Well, time to take you to your room, He said. Let's get you ready.

He produced a leather contraption that had several straps hanging from it,
the main part being a broad leather belt that he strapped around her
waist, buckling it at the front. Unchaining one arm, he secured the wrist
in a cuff attached to the back of the belt. Leather straps hung down from
the belt, and he buckled them around her thighs, rather like a suspender
belt. Leaving her other arm in up in the chain for now, he undid the cuff
around her ankle and forced her to bend her knee until her heel touched
her buttock, and strapped her ankle to her thigh.

He laughed as she swung from the chain, balancing on one leg to stop her
shoulder from being wrenched out of its socket.

"Shall I do the other leg first?" He taunted, and she breathed a sigh of
relief as he unchained her wrist instead. She flopped to the floor and
immediately tried to break his grip on her arm, but he held her tightly
and forced her arm behind her. She sobbed hopelessly as he buckled the
strap around her wrist.

He unchained her ankle, and quickly bent her leg, strapping her ankle to
her thigh. She lay helplessly on her stomach, unable to get up.

"We call this the training harness," He told her. "We find it very useful
for keeping bad girls under control."

Saffron struggled to free herself but the harness had been designed to
permit little movement in her arms and legs. She gave in to her tears as
he picked her up and dumped her back on the hospital bed and began
wheeling her along the corridor.

They arrived in a room, dark and windowless. As she was lifted from the
hospital bed, Saffron saw a large collection of chains, straps and rings
hanging from the ceiling. Dr Hellen dumped her on her back on a black
leather mattress on the floor, and reached up for a dangling strap on the
end of a chain. He adjusted the length and fastened it around her neck, so
that she could not roll herself off the bed.

"What do you think of your new home?" He asked her as she gulped
tearfully, her neck constricted painfully by the collar, her arms and legs
bent painfully beneath her. He reached up and jangled a chain as he spoke.
"There are so many possibilities, so many positions to keep you in, just
in this room. And then there's the main playroom."

Saffron tried to hide her alarm at his words as he opened a door to a huge
walk-in closet. She could see that there were black shiny clothes and
other strappy things hanging in there. He turned and saw her looking.

"This is your new wardrobe, Saffron," He said."You'll get to try out all
of these outfits very soon. But for tonight I thought there might be
something to help you sleep in here, seeing as it's your first away from
home." He rifled through drawers briefly then exclaimed, "A-hah!  Just
what I was looking for. This is one that Angelica designed herself, so I'm
sure she'll approve. Oh, and this will keep you from getting cold."

He exited the closet holding what looked like a short black sleeping bag,
and a leather contraption, and Saffron eyed him with apprehension as he
returned to her side. He knelt beside her and she saw that it was a full
head-mask, with a ball attached to its inside.

"Open your mouth, dear," He ordered, but she turned her face away and kept
it clamped shut. He grabbed the collar around her neck and slid his
fingers under it, pulling it even tighter across her throat.

"Do what I say, or I'll let you suffocate," He said forcefully. Saffron
struggled as her body began screaming for oxygen, and instinctively she
opened her mouth and gasped.  As she did, he pushed the ball into her
mouth. A strap around the back of her head stopped her from spitting it
out before the mask was fitted.

There was nothing she could do to stop rest of the mask going on easily,
and soon her head was encased in leather, and Dr Hellen was strapping it
in place. It covered her ears and eyes, but there was a hole for her nose,
and she tried to concentrate on that as claustrophobia threatened to
overwhelm her. She felt slippery material draped over her body, and he
tucked it around her then rolled her back onto her belly. She heard the
muffled sound of a zipper through the leather mask, and felt the body bag
tighten around her, further constricting her movements.  He shortened the
chain from her collar so that it tugged upwards and bit into her throat.
She whined in terror as he pressed his lips against her ear and spoke.

I have to check on your friend Jenny now, He said. Try and sleep. I
know that Angelica will have something strenuous planned for you tomorrow.


Saffron waited for ages, just to make sure he had really gone. Finally,
she was sure that she was alone, and began strugging violently. It took
nearly an hour before she convinced herself that there was no way out of
the harness. Exhausted, yet in a panic, she wracked her brain, trying to
come up with an escape plan. She had to get out of here. She had some idea
of what they had planned for her, and she didnt want to stick around for
it.

Her body ached and the straps around her wrists and ankles cut into her
skin. Her jaw was forced uncomfortably wide and her neck was sore from the
pull of the collar. Even so, she finally drifted into a disturbed sleep,
full of nightmares in which she was running away from demons but stuck to
the spot as they reached out for her....

******************************************************************




The Hospital Part 6



Saffron awoke from her nightmare to find that her
whole body was numb. For a minute she struggle
to turn herself over onto her back until the gag in
her mouth reminded her where she was. She tried
to wriggle her toes but she could not tell if they
were responding to her brain's commands, so she
gingerly shifted her limbs as much as she could,
and slowly they began to tingle. Soon she was
wrapped in pain as intense pins and needles shot
through her imprisoned body, and she rocked
from side to side, unable to relieve the agony by
stretching.

Her heart missed a beat as hands roughly grabbed
her and ripped open the bag that encased her body,
exposing her to the cold air. Her ankles were
unstrapped, and she bit hard on the gag as her legs
were suddenly pulled  straight and white-hot pain
spread through her calf muscles and knees,
setting fire to her ham-strings. She writhed on
her belly as the unseen person strapped cuffs
around her ankles and hooked a short chain
between them. She prayed that her wrists would
be released, but the hands grabbed her collar
instead, unhooking the chain that tugged at her
neck, and then the strong hands slipped under her
stomach and lifted her to her feet.

She flopped like a doll in the unknown person's
arms, her feet barely touching the ground as she
was dragged out of the room, bent at the waist
with her head by her knees. Her fingers brushed
against bare skin as she was heaved onto a cold
seat that she immediately recognised as a toilet.
She was leant back against the tank and her collar
was hooked to something to stop her getting up,
and the chain between her ankles was attached to
the base of the toilet. She whined hopefully as the
hands tugged at the mask covering her face, but to
her despair they did not remove it. Instead a male
voice that she hadn't heard before spoke loudly in
her ear.

"Ten minutes. Then I'll be back to get you, ready
or not. Got it?"

Saffron tried her hardest to plead through the gag,
but she just managed to grunt. The person
obviously took this as an affirmative, because she
was left alone. She sat dazed for a minute, then
decided that she might as well take advantage of
her situation. God knows when she would get the
chance to pee again.

When she was done, she began testing her bonds
again, but her hands were still pinned firmly in
the small of her back, and her fingers could only
brush helplessly against the cold porcelain behind
her. Instead she clenched and unclenched her fists,
rotating her shoulders and straightening her legs
as far as she could to stretch herself out. The
tingling in her limbs gradually faded away as she
restored the normal flow of blood to them.

"All done?" Shouted the voice. She flinched as her
collar was grabbed again and she was hauled
upright. "Let's dry you off and get you back in
there before the Mistress gets here."

She hardly had time to react as she was wiped
with paper between her legs. This person was all
business though, and the hands did not linger
there, but moved down to her ankles and freed
them from the base.

"Alright then, let's get going." She was grabbed by
the collar again and tugged forward, so she tried to
take a step. She almost went crashing to the floor
as the short chain between her ankles caught her
short, but the hands supported her.

"Little steps, that's what it takes. There, that's
it." She shuffled forward, barely believing that
this was happening to her. The pulling on her
collar kept her in motion, and gradually she got
into the necessary rhythm. Finally they reached
their destination, and the pressure on her collar
was released.

She stood swaying, unsupported, listening as he
apparently moved heavy furniture around the
room.  Then he took her by the arm and she
shuffled blindly to where he wanted her.

"Okay, I'm taking this off, and I don't want any
trouble from you or it'll go straight back on.
Understand?" Saffron nodded eagerly as the straps
holding the leather mask to her face were undone.
Light and fresh air slipped around the edges as it
was loosened, and she took a deep breath through
her nose. Her jaw ached and she couldn't wait to
get the taste of rubber out of her mouth. The man
stood behind her and fiddled with the straps at the
back of her head, and the mask came off, leaving
the gag still in place. She whined loudly in
protest, but he walked around in front of her and
shook his head.

"Sorry, the Mistress gave firm instructions to
leave that in. I'm sure she'll take it out when she
gets here though."

Saffron blinked her dazzled eyes and stared at the
man in amazement. He was built like a comic book
super hero, with huge bulging muscles, and to add
to the effect he was wearing only a tight pair of
stretchy shorts that left nothing to the
imagination. Saffron could see that the bulge down
there was totally in scale with the rest of his
body. He was tanned all over, and his white-
blonde hair was shaved close to his head. His face
was good-looking, but Saffron couldn't help
thinking that he looked as dumb as a rock.

She noticed that his eyes were roaming over her
naked body with just as much interest, and she
blushed suddenly as she realised how she must
look. She looked away, and catching sight of the
chair next to her, gave an inward groan. It was
made of padded black leather, and looked like a
cross between a dentist's and a gyneaocologist's
chair. The back was reclined, with a series of
velcro cuffs waiting to wrap themselves around
her naked body and hold her  down. Two molded leg
supports that would cradle her from mid-thigh to
ankle also sported velcro straps, and they were
positioned to spread her legs wide open. The seat
was a square of fabric strung between the back
and the leg supports like a hammock.

The muscle-man grasped her arm and manoevred
her so that she was standing between the leg
supports. He pressed down on her shoulder and
she sat abruptly.  He pushed her back against the
chair and pressed a velcro strap closed around her
neck. Saffron pleaded with him through the gag as
he methodically attached the rest of the straps
around the tops of her arms, below her breasts
and around her waist. Then he undid the belt that
held her arms behind her back, and, keeping one
wrist imprisoned between his thighs, he strapped
the other down next to her hip. The other wrist
was quickly snared too, and Saffron's heart sank
as he added a few more confining straps over her
arms and stomach.

He stood back for a moment and watched as Saffron
tried to get free and , satisfied that she was
effectively tied down, he moved on to her legs. He
placed her left leg in its support and began
strapping it down. Saffron kicked her other leg as
much as the chain between her ankles would
allow, but she couldn't stop him from completing
his task. He then undid the cuffs and secured the
other leg. She was now leaning back with her legs
raised and spread wide, strapped tightly down and
barely able to move.

As he was finishing, Angelica swept into the room
looking immaculate in a short white nurse's
uniform, carrying a tray. The man lept to his feet
and stood up straight as she approached.

"Good job, Dorf!" Praised Angelica as she handed
him the tray. She looked down at Saffron and
smiled. Saffron squirmed under her gaze. "I hope
you haven't had any trouble with her so far this
morning?"

"No, Ma'am. She was good as gold." Dorf held the
tray as Angelica pulled a stool and little table up
next to Saffron. She sat down and gestured for
Dorf to put the tray on the table.

"OK, then you can go." She waved him out of the
room and turned to Saffron. "So, my little friend,
I hope you slept well. Dr Hellen told me that you
enjoyed your shower last night."

Saffron turned her face away as Angelica trailed a
finger across her chest. She teased a nipple with
her fingernail and smiled as it stiffened.

"Well, I brought you some breakfast, but you
can't eat it with that thing  in your mouth. So I've
decided to play a game with you. If you have a nice
little orgasm for me, I'll take the gag out. I think
that's fair, don't you?"

Saffron shook her head and grunted in objection
through the gag as Angelica reached down and
fiddled with the fabric seat. She felt the straps
around her body take her weight as the seat was
removed, leaving her completely accessible. She
struggled as Angelica's fingers pressed down
gently over the hood of her clitoris and began to
make little circular movements. She squeezed her
eyes shut as the fingers awoke her nerve endings.

"This isn't going to take long, is it sweetie?"
Gloated Angelica. Saffron gasped as she felt the
orgasm rising inside her. She had never been
turned on this quickly before. Suddenly she was
shuddering in ecstasy as Angelica's fingers
brought her over the edge, and her body strained
against the straps as she came. The fingers digging
into her mound slowly stopped their massaging.

"Good girl!" Cried Angelica. She reached up and
slid her hands behind Saffron's head, unstrapping
the gag and pulling the ball out of her mouth.
Saffron winced as she tried to close her jaw. It
was stiff and painful.

"If you say one thing that I don't like, this is going
back in and you'll get no breakfast. Now, have a
sip of this." Angelica held a mug of steaming coffee
up to Saffron's lips, which awoke the hunger
inside her. She drank greedily, washing the
rubbery taste out of her mouth. Angelica held up a
forkful of pancake, and Saffron craned her head to
reach it. Angelica kept it just out of reach.

"I enjoyed our game. I think we'll play it again.
This time you can have a bite of this delicious
pancake if you come." Angelica popped the forkful
into her own mouth. "Mmmm. It is good."

"But -" Started Saffron.

"Ah, be careful. Or I'll put this gag back in and eat
the whole lot in front of you." Angelica raised a
questioning eyebrow.  "Aren't you hungry?"

"Yes," Sniffed Saffron as Angelica's fingers sought
out her clitoris again, this time slipping between
her  pussy lips and squeezing it. She moaned as
Angelica rolled it between her finger and thumb.
It was still swollen from the first orgasm, and
extremely sensitive.

"It's easy for me to make you come really fast,"
Angelica teased as she increased the pressure. "I
just do the same things that I do to myself."

Sure enough, Saffron felt the excitement building
inside her even though she desperately wanted to
ingore it. She moaned again as her clit was
released and the fingers pressed down on either
side of the little button and began massaging the
surrounding area. In seconds she was shuddering
to a climax, and Angelica stroked her gently as the
vibrations subsided.

"You enjoyed that, admit it!" Said Angelica as she
prepared another forkful of pancake. Saffron
didn't reply. She knew that she couldn't trust
herself not to make her captor angry and she was
so hungry. She opened her mouth as Angelica
offered the biteful, and sighed with relief as it
was put into her mouth.

"When you first arrived I was really cross that
you didn't respond to the hypnosis." Angelica cut
up more pancake. "But now I think that I am
having just as much fun with you as I am with
your friend Jenny."

Saffron stiffened at the mention of her friend. "Is
she okay?" She asked. Angelica held out another
piece of pancake, and Saffron ate it eagerly.

"Jenny is great! She is such an innocent. We're
going to play some good games with her." Angelica
fed her several more bites as she talked. "And
because of the hypnosis, it's as if we can start all
over again whenever we want."

Saffron's eyes teared up as she thought about her
best friend in the hands of these perverts. Jenny
really was fragile and timid, and Saffron had
always been the strongest of the pair, looking out
for her. Now she was all alone, and they were
playing with her mind. She had to get her out of
here before they caused some permanent damage.

Angelica had stopped feeding her the pancake, even
though there was still half left on the plate.
Saffron sighed as she told her, "I think we should
play that game again. I'll give you some more of
this  pancake if you come for me."

Angelica's fingers brushed over Saffron's clit
again, sending shivers through her body, but this
time they slid further down and began circling the
entrance to her pussy.

"I think we'll try making you come a different
way this time," Said Angelica. She slid two fingers
into Saffron's pussy and began stroking the upper
wall.

Saffron gave a small smile. Normally she didn't
come without some kind of clitoral stimulation.
Maybe she could fake it and Angelica would never
know. It would be a little victory for her.

Angelica looked up at Saffron. "I know you
probably think I can't make you come like this.
Lots of girls think that, but it's easy, really. It
just takes a little longer at first. See? I can feel
your g-spot swelling already."

Saffron gasped as the fingers inside her pressed
against that sensitive place. The feeling was
intense, almost like she had to pee. She tried to
clench her internal muscles to regain control, but
the fingers rushed her towards orgasm at their
own pace. Helplessly she felt the contractions
begin as she came, and the sensations rocked her
body in its straps. She could only lie there as the
fingers slid against her g-spot, and gradually the
contractions inside her eased off.

Angelica was jubilant. "See? That was easy." She
held the coffee mug up and waited for Saffron to
recompose herself. "Have a sip of this, that's a
good girl."

Saffron drank as instructed. She still could not
believe what was happening to her. How much
more of this could she stand? And were they going
to keep her tied down like this forever? What's
more, she needed to pee again. She ate more
pancake, all the while twisting her wrists in
their straps, hoping she might work one loose.

Angelica fed her the last bite of pancake, and
picked up the syrup bottle from the table. Saffron
squealed in surprise as she held the bottle up and
trickled the sticky liquid over her pussy. She
writhed helplessly as Angelica placed a cushion on
the floor and knelt between her legs.

"Oh dear. I seem to have spilt some syrup here. I'd
better lick it up," Angelica purred, as she parted
Saffron's labia with her fingers.

"Oh god, please don't," moaned Saffron as
Angelica's tongue flicked out and lick her clit. She
felt the unbearable pleasure mount as Angelica
began to lap up every trace of syrup. She wriggled
helplessly as the tongue pushed into her pussy and
circled inside her.

Saffron felt the need to pee suddenly grow too
strong to hold back. She held her breath as
Angelica closed her lips over her clit, and as she
felt the orgasm begin to overtake her body, her
sphincter muscles relaxed, and she released a
golden stream of uirine right into Angelica's face!

Angelica drew back spluttering. Saffron could see
the fury in her eyes as she grabbed a napkin from
the table and wiped her face, smearing her perfect
lipstick. She couldn't help feeling jubilant as
Angelica stormed out of the room without a word.

Saffron's triumph was short-lived, however, as
she quickly returned with Dr Hellen. He was
pushing a trolley, and she could see what looked
like surgical instruments on it. Angelica grabbed
the gag and stuffed it back into Saffron's mouth,
tightening it so the straps dug into her cheeks
painfully.

"Put it in her, and don't worry about hurting
her!" She told Dr Hellen. He took the stool and sat
between Saffron's legs, and she felt her pussy
being wiped clean with a cloth. Angelica stood over
him, watching. Saffron felt a sharp pain as he
inserted a thin tube into her urethra, and began
pushing it up into her bladder. She tried not to
give Angelica the satisfaction of hearing her
whimper, but the pain made her eyes blur with
tears. The tube reached her bladder, and she felt a
little pop as the end expanded to stop it coming
out. There was more tugging, and then Dr Hellen
gestured for Angelica to come over.

"This is how it works. Nothing can come out
unless you screw this tube into the outlet here.
Then you have to squeeze to release the valve. You
have complete control over her ability to urinate
now."

Saffron flinched as she felt them fingering the
tube that protruded from her urethra. Angelica
was attaching the release tube.

"Can I fill her up?" Asked Angelica. Saffron paled.

"Yes, but you have to be careful not to overfill
her, and make sure she empties herself regularly
so she doesn't get an infection. Here, let's do it
together."

Saffron froze as her bladder was filled to almost
bursting point with cold liquid. She moaned in
discomfort as she felt the release tube being
unscrewed again. Angelica came and leaned into
her face, grabbing her chin so she couldn't turn
away.

"I hope this will teach you a lesson, you stupid
girl. Now you won't be able to pee unless we decide
to let you, and it's your own fault. You can lie here
and think about what you did while we go and
check on your friend Jenny."

Angelica and Dr Hellen left the room, and Saffron
finally let out a hopeless sob. She fought back the
urge to break down in tears, knowing that she
would only make matters worse by blocking up
her nose. She struggled harder against her bonds.

The intense need to empty her bladder was
worsened by the irritation of the tube inside her.
With horror she recalled how much coffee she had
just drunk. Soon there would be even more liquid
inside her. Already she imagined she could feel it
trickling into her bladder, stretching her wider.
If only she could just move her hands far enough
to reach the tube. She stretched her fingers
towards her vagina, but they were barely able to
reach as far as her hip bone.

Saffron gave up her struggles and slumped in her
straps. She tried to relax her internal muscles to
ease the pain. The minutes seemed to stretch into
hours as the sensations in her belly became the
center of her universe.

**********************************
**********************************
**********************************
*******

She was roused from her stupor by Angelica and
Dr Hellen's return. She had no idea how long it had
been since they left. She began pleading through
the gag in the hope that they would let the liquid
out of her bladder, but Angelica had other ideas.

"I think I should finish what I started, don't you
Dr Hellen?" She smirked.

"Certainly, I think that would be a good way of
teaching Saffron her lesson," He agreed. He sat at
Saffron's side as Angelica knelt between her legs
once more. Saffron wailed as she felt Angelica's
tongue circle the protruding tube and Dr Hellen
reached out and began tweaking her nipples, the
pain in her bladder magnifying the sensations.
Angelica licked her clitoris until it was swollen
and tingling, then she stood and took something
from the trolley.

Saffron bucked as Angelica stuffed a huge dildo
into her pussy. It slid all the way in and Angelica
switched it on, sending wild vibrations through
her body. She began sliding it in and out  as she
resumed licking Saffron's clit with her tongue.
Saffron shook as the orgasm started to build.

"I think she's going to come," Dr Hellen said as he
pinched and pulled her nipples. Angelica took
Saffron's clit between her teeth and nibbled, and
Saffron lept like a live-wire. She exploded into
orgasm and Angelica licked her until she thought
she would pass out.

At last the licking stopped, but her clit still
throbbed. Snorting for breath through her nose,
she felt the tube being tugged, and finally, the
release valve was opened and her bladder began
emptying. She sighed with relief as the last of the
liquid left her.

Angelica stood up and looked at down at Saffron
with contempt. She turned to Dr Hellen. "Can you
give her the injection now?" She asked him.

Saffron struggled wildly as he pulled a
hypodermic out of his white coat pocket, and
tested the needle. "Don't worry, baby," He
whispered. "You're going to take a nice nap. When
you wake up there'll be a nice surprise for you."

Saffron felt the sharp prick as the needle pierced
her skin, and then drowsiness swept over her as
the drug took effect. As she slipped away, she
heard Angelica laughing...

**********************************
**********************************
**********************************
*******

Angelica and Dr Hellen waited until Saffron was
completely unconscious. Then they began
unstrapping her from the chair.

"How long will she be out  for?" Asked Angelica.

Dr Hellen shrugged. "At least an hour. Maybe
three or four. What have you got in mind, Angie?"

Angelica smiled. "Just wait and see. I think you'll
like it. I'll let you play with her first when she
wakes up."

Dr Hellen slid an arm around Angelica's waist and
pulled her against him. "And when can I play with
you?" He breathed in her ear, "That little scene
we put on for Jenny has got me ready for more."
He brushed his lips against her neck and felt her
shiver.

"Tonight. After we're finished with these two."
Angelica gasped as his mouth closed over hers and
he nipped her lip with his teeth. Then with a sigh
he withdrew, and turned back to his task.

Lifting the sleeping girl from the chair, he placed
her on the floor. Angelica went into the closet and
returned with a long, narrow box. Dr Hellen
smiled when he realised what it was.

"Help me with this," Angelica said. Together they
folded Saffron's arms across her belly, and
Angelica opened the box. Inside was a roll of black
plastic wrap. Angelica began wrapping the plastic
around the girls arms so that they were held hand
to elbow at her front. Then she moved down to her
ankles and began winding the plastic around her
legs, getting higher and higher. Dr Hellen helped
by lifting her legs. She reached her knees and
stopped. Dr Hellen went to the closet and brought
out a thick piece of solid foam, and they
sandwiched it between Saffron's thighs. It parted
them just enough to allow a hand to reach between
her legs. Angelica began winding again, and soon
Saffron's legs were encased all the way up to the
top in the black plastic.

Leaving her buttocks and groin uncovered,
Angelica started on Saffron's middle, wrapping the
plastic around her belly and over her already
bound arms, fusing them to her torso. She circled
the girl's chest with several layers, leaving a tiny
gap across her breasts through which her nipples
peeked.

"Get me the tube gag and some earplugs, will
you?" Angelica asked Dr Hellen. He brought it
back from the closet, and they forced Saffron's
jaw open and pushed it into her mouth, strapping
it around her head to keep it in.  Angelica softened
the wax plugs between her fingers then squidged
them into Saffron's ears, sealing them up so no
sound could penetrate. Then she continued to wrap
the plastic around her, covering her shoulders,
neck, and up around her face. Soon her whole head
was encased in the plastic,with just the tube
sticking out so that she could breath.

"Do you think that'll hold her?" Angelica
wondered. Dr Hellen laughed.

"No harm in adding a little more, is there?" He
fetched another roll and quickly added another
layer on top of Angelica's, making sure it was as
tight as possible. When he was done, he rolled the
unconscious girl over and inspected her.

"I don't think she'll be going anywhere," He said.
"Let's put her on the mattress."

Together they lifted her onto the black pad.
Angelica laughed as they left the room. "She is
going to freak when she wakes up."

**********************************
**********************************
**********************************
*******

Dr Hellen walked down the corridor towards
Saffron's room. He was sure that she msut be
awake by now. She was probably starving, too.
And in need of the bathroom. Not to mention
terrified. The perfect situation. He wished that
Angelica could be with him now, but she was busy
with Jenny, and insisted that he should go ahead
without her.

As he got nearer, he heard the unmistakable sound
as Saffron screamed incoherently, the tube gag
allowing the sound out but distorting it beyond
recognition. He had always enjoyed hearing his
girls respond to his attentions, and the tube gag
gave the best of both worlds, transmitting their
message clearly without any actual words to
distract him. He wondered that she wasn't
deafening herself, what with the earplugs sealing
the sound inside her head.

He entered the door and saw that Saffron had
rolled herself off the mattress, and was now
writhing on the floor. He was happy to see that the
plastic wrap had held her well. She looked like a
huge chrysalis about to hatch into a butterfly, he
thought, pleased with his comparison. As he
watched, she managed to roll herself onto her
stomach, and the sight of her bare buttocks gave
him his inspiration for what to do first.

He left the room briefly and came back with a
wooden chair and a large black bag. Saffron,
unable to see or hear, still had no idea that he was
there, and he wondered how best to tell her that
she had company. It was only a second before he
realised that there was only one course of action,
and he knelt down next to her and placed his palm
over the end of her tube gag.

With satisfaction he gripped her head and kept the
tube sealed as she frantically writhed and bucked
on the floor. He could feel the suction against his
hand as she desperately tried to suck more air
into her starved lungs. After a minute she began to
weaken, and he relented. He sat back as she drew
ragged breaths in through the tube.

He decided that she had had long enough to recover,
and standing up, he bent over and slipped his arms
around her waist and lifted her up. He dragged her
to the chair and sat, standing her between his
thighs, and forced her to bend over his knee. He
clamped his legs together so that she wouldn't
slide out, and admired how the position made her
perfect butt stick up, ready for action.

She had begun her hooting screams through the
gag again. He laughed, thinking that she would
have a lot more to scream about in just a minute.
He began stroking her bottom, sliding his hands
all over the firm, smooth flesh that poked out
from the plastic like peaches. Saffron struggled
inside her wrapper, but he was certain that she
would never be able to get out of it without his
help.

Sliding his hand between her legs, he found the
tiny tube sticking from her urethra and wiggled
it. The response told him that she certainly did
need to empty herself. Maybe he would help her
with that. Later.

He returned his attentions to her creamy buns and
stroked them some more, watching with
fascination as goose-bumps rose up all over them.
It was time, he thought, and pulled his hand back.
He slapped her left buttock with the flat of his
hand and was rewarded with a loud thwack.
Saffron nearly flew off his lap, and he had to hold
her there with his left hand as he began raining
slaps down on her bottom, spanking her all over.

Saffron was howling through the gag now, and the
pitch of her screams assured him that he was
spanking her just hard enough. As he worked, her
bottom turned a rosy pink. She continued to
wriggle helplessly, trying to escape the slaps,
never knowing where or when they would land
next.

Dr Hellen decided that maybe she could use a little
diversion. He curved his left arm over her back
and slipped his hand between her belly and his
thigh,  and his fingers searched the plastic for the
opening where her pussy was. They found it, and
he pressed against her clit, making little
twitching motions with his fingertips. His other
hand resumed the spanking , and he was pleased to
note that she was starting to get very wet  between
her legs.

It was time for the next part of the game. Dr
Hellen stopped spanking and pulled his hand out
from beneath her. He used both hands to part her
buttocks, and gently stroked her anus. He knew
from Saffron's response that she was extremely
sensitive there, and he teased for several minutes.
Obviously she was expecting the worse, and he
couldn't let her down, but it was fun to draw out
the agony by making her wait, never knowing
when it would come.

He found that leaning close to her and blowing on
her anus made her struggle even harder. Maybe
she thought he was going to bite her there. He
allowed a drop of his saliva to fall right in the
center of her rosebud, and she lept wildly, so that
he had to clamp his thighs even tighter around
her. She hooted in desperation as his finger dipped
into the moisture and began circling the opening.
Ever so slowly, he circled inwards, and pressed
harder until the tip of his finger slipped into her
ass.

She squirmed satisfyingly, and her screams grew
louder, so he wriggled his finger about in her, all
the while holding her cheeks apart with his other
hand. He began pushing his finger deeper, until it
was buried up to the third knuckle, then he
twisted it inside her. He pulled it out suddenly,
making her howl again.

He reached down into his black bag, and shuffled
through the various toys. He decided on a
relatively thin but extremely long dildo, about an
inch wide at the tip, broadening  to two inches at
its base. It was made of flexible jelly-like
rubber, and over two feet long. He grabbed a tube
of lubricant to ease its entry.

He stroked the dildo across Saffron's bottom,
wondering if she could tell what it was. Taking the
lubricant, he squeezed plenty onto his hand and
rubbed it up and down the length of the toy, then,
parting her cheeks with his fingers, squirted a
big dollop onto her anus. She seemed to be begging
through the gag as he pressed the tip of the dildo
against her. It made a rewarding squelch as it
pushed past her sphincter muscle and began its
journey into her rectum. Saffron twisted in
distress as it went deeper into her, bending inside
her as it slid up into her colon.

Dr Hellen kept a steady movement as he slid it all
the way in. Once it was buried in her he let go and
sat back, admiring the way the base quivered as it
protruded from her bottom. She must be enjoying
this, he thought, judging from the sounds she was
making. Sometimes it was hard to tell the
difference between cries of pleasure and pain,
though. He decided to check and see if she was still
excited, and slid his hand between her legs. His
fingers found her drenched, and he ran them
around her pussy, brushing over her clit and
circling the entrance to her tunnel.

The dildo in her butt had begun to slide slowly out,
and he pushed it back in again. Saffron squealed,
so he started slipping it and out of her, the
strokes getting longer and faster as he pulled it
nearly all the way out, then sank it right back
down to the hilt. His other hand worked at her
pussy, fingers slipping inside her then sliding out
to finger her clitoris. Her breathing grew more
ragged as he built up the momentum, and she
started to shake.

Quickly Dr Hellen withdrew his hand and pulled
the dildo right out of her. Saffron gasped throught
the tube, maybe in disappointment or relief. He
didn't want her to come yet. Reaching down into
the bag, he found a vibrator. This one was nearly
as long as the first dildo, but made of solid metal.
It was thicker, about three inches all the way
along its length, tapering to a dull point at its
tip.Another squirt of lubricant and it was ready
for use. Dr Hellen slipped a finger into Saffron's
anus and stretched it open. She pleaded for mercy
as he pressed the giant through her anus, and
slowly began easing it into her. She screamed
louder than ever as it invaded her rectum,
stretching her wider than before. He waited until
it was embedded deeply inside her before he
flicked the switch and it burst to life, buzzing
loudly and sending vibrations through her body.

He laughed gleefully as she howled in protest, her
bottom quivering like a jelly as the vibrator
churned away. He let go and watched as her
muscles, helped by the vibrations, squeezed the
monster out, and he let it slide out over halfway
before shoving it back in. He enjoyed this game so
much that he repeated it for several minutes,
listening with curiosity as Saffron's screams
turned to ragged gasps and then moans.

he let his other hand wander between her legs
again, and he explored her cunt, walking his
fingers over her clit and teasing the entrance to
her pussy. Her moans had become more urgent,
and he was pleased that she seemed to be begging to
come. That was exactly what he wanted.

Holding the vibrator in her ass, he reached down
with his other hand and grabbed the first toy that
came into reach. Pulling it out he saw that he had
snared another vibrator, this one with a finger-
like extension at its base that ended with a
crocodile clip. Good enough, he thought. It was
easy to pop the vibrator into her sopping pussy.
Letting go of the butt plug briefly, he used both
hands to attach the clip to her clitoris. She
writhed as it bit into her, but he was sure that
she would enjoy it once the vibrations started.

He flicked the little switch on the base and the new
toy began to buzz. He used the heel of his hand to
keep the vibrator inside her, while his fingers
gently tugged on the extension, pulling at her
clitoris. Saffron groaned and he even thought she
was trying to push back against his hand to
achieve deeper penetration. Satisfied that she was
getting close to coming, he resumed playing his
game with the vibrator in her ass.

He felt her body start to shake as he thrust the
vibrator in and out of her. She was mewling very
becomingly, he thought. When he heard her cries
change in pitch, he flicked the switch on the
vibrator in her vagina, turning it off and yanking
it out of her, and disconnecting the clit clip. She
bucked in protest, but she was so close to the edge
that her body only needed a little more
stimulation to push her over. He continued with
the vibrator in her ass, twisting it as he slid it in
and out, and she groaned loudly as she finally
climaxed from the anal stimulation alone. Her
whole body stiffened as the first waves hit her,
and she seemed to be trying to fight it as the
orgasm shook her. She could only give in to the
vibrations though, as Dr Hellen suddenly turned
the vibrator up a notch and her body responded
helplessly.

Dr Hellen was very pleased. He had thought it
would be harder to get her to come like this, but it
seemed that she was a natural. He held the
vibrator deep inside her and rotated it slowly as
she tried to ride the waves. As he felt her
shudders easing off, he resumed his thrusting,
pulling the toy all the way out and poising it above
her for a second before plunging it back in. Her
cries became sobs as her incredibly sensitive
anus was allowed to close, then stretched wide
again, over and over.

He wondered if he could bring her to a second
orgasm like this. Despite her sobbing, he thought
he could sense her growing aroused again. He
pushed the vibrator deep into her and held it
there, and began spanking her defenseless bottom
again. She squirmed and writhed to get away from
the blows, and he felt himself growing hard as she
pressed against his crotch.

The idea of taking this girl and fucking her while
she was wrapped up like this was extremely
enticing, but he reminded himself that Angelica
had promised herself to him tonight. And besides,
Saffron wasn't going anywhere.

As if on cue, his pager began beeping. Angelica was
calling him to come and help with Jenny, no doubt.
Saffron seemed to hear the beeps too, as she
stopped crying. She mewled with relief as Dr
Hellen pulled the vibrator out of her and lifted
her back onto the floor. He looked down at her in
puzzlement as she rolled about at his feet,
thrusting her crotch upwards and begging
wordlessly through the gag. Surely she wasn't
expecting to be untied? Then he remembered the
catheter, and decided to be kind, seeing as she had
responded so well.

He fetched the release tube and a bag, and hooked
her up, and she sighed as the liquid left her. He
unscrewed the tube from between her legs.
Looking at the full bag of urine made him realise
that she was probably incredibly dehydrated.
Being hungry was one thing, but she had to have
enough water. He went to the bathroom and filled a
bottle, and came and knelt by her.

He rolled Saffron onto her back. She spluttered as
the first squirt of water hit the back of her
throat, and he waited for her to stop coughing
before he tried again. This time she was ready,
and she seemed grateful as he slowly trickled it
down her throat.

His pager beeped again urgently, and he stood up.
Saffron lay still, waiting to see what happened
next. He thought about slipping the vibrator back
into her to keep her occupied while he was gone,
but decided to give her a rest. She would need it if
Angelica and Dr Bach came back with him.

**********************************
**********************************
**********************************
*******

Dr Hellen entered Jenny's bedroom to see the
familiar sight of the girl's legs spread high and
wide, held there by his ingenious use of supports
and plaster casts. He had been especially proud of
the way he had restrained her. As he approached
the bed he saw that there were vibrators sticking
out of Jenny's pussy and ass, held there by
bandages.

Angelica and Dr Bach were standing by the bed,
watching in fascination as Jenny twitched and
shuddered. They had linked a heart monitor to her
so they could tell exactly when she was having an
orgasm. He joined them for a while, equally
fascinated by the display. Then Angelica decided
that she was bored, so he slipped a hypodermic
full of tranquilizer into Jenny's arm and she
gradually stopped her movements.

"How's Saffron this evening?" Asked Angelica. She
smirked as Dr Bach looked away. He had avoided
going near the girl since failing to hypnotise her
last night, and she knew that he had hated having
to help tie her up. He didn't like to touch female
flesh unless it was well-restrained.

Dr Hellen finished checking Jenny's vital signs
before he replied. Once he was satisfied that the
girl was stable, he turned to Angelica and Dr Bach
with a gleam in his eye.

"Saffron is progressing nicely," He told them. "I
got a very good response from her just now." He
turned to Dr Bach. "What are we going to do with
Jenny?"

"I plan to give her a hypnosis session first thing
tomorrow," Dr Bach answered. "I had considered
leaving her with the memory of this evening and
telling her it was a dream, but I want to keep her
negative feelings towards Angelica to a minimum.
So, we should remove all trace of this
experience."

The three of them quickly ungagged the
unconscious girl and removed the dildos. Dr Bach
seemed almost hypnotised himself as he unclipped
the nipple clamps, and Angelica wondered what it
meant. He always professed that he hated all
women, herself being the one exception, and
seemed to derive his only pleasure from torturing
and humiliating them. But now it seemed like
Jenny was having a different effect on him. Maybe
it was because of her innocence, or maybe she
reminded him of someone. Angelica made a mental
note to keep an eye on him.

"Well, let's go spend a little time with Saffron
before we call it a night," announced Angelica,
with a meaningful look at Dr Hellen. He smiled
back, and a sly look crossed his face. He glanced at
his watch.

"Please, you two go ahead, He said. 'I'll catch up
with you in a few minutes. There's something I
need to take care of briefly." With another
crooked grin at Angelica, he rushed out of the
room.

She watched him go, feeling the familiar tingle
inside her, wondering what he was up to. No doubt
she would find out when he came to her room
tonight. Dr Bach saw her expression and shook his
head.

"So, neither of you are worried about what
happens when the girls are found missing, I
suppose?" He asked crossly.

Angelica raised an eyebrow as she guided him out
of the room. "Well, Dr Bach, I have been thinking
about that. Maybe you could question Jenny while
she is under hypnosis. Find out if there's
somewhere she and her friends go..."

"Exactly!" Cried Dr Bach. "I can even have her
write a postcard, or maybe a phone call... but
there is still the problem of the other one.... that
Saffron. She will not be hypnotised."

"Couldn't you try again?" Asked Angelica.

"No! It is impossible!" Dr Bach yelled. Angelica
put a hand on his shoulder as they walked down the
corridor. "I am sorry," He said in a quieter tone.
"I am frustrated by this girl. But I am sure that I
can find a way to make her do what I want. Maybe
we use Jenny as a bargaining tool. Yes, that's it!"

Dr Bach was shouting again. Angelica smirked. He
really was a bizarre character, but he certainly
came in useful. If he could do what he claimed,
they would have no problem keeping the police off
the girls tracks for a while. The most important
thing was to make sure no one went snooping
around at Tantra, and this plan should do the
trick.

They had arrived at Saffron's room, and Angelica
was gratified to see that the girl was still
completely enveloped in the plastic wrap. She was
lying on the floor on her side, and it was obvious
from the rosy glow that her bottom had received a
good spanking.

Dr Bach gasped with delight at the sight. "Why,
this is quite unexpected!" He laughed. "I thought I
would find her spitting and snarling like last
night."

"Well, what shall we do with her?" Angelica
asked. Dr Bach pondered the question for a few
seconds, his eyes roaming over the exposed parts
of Saffron's body, looking for inspiration.

"She is ticklish, yes?" He asked, eyeing her feet.
The plastic had peeled back a little, revealing her
bare soles.

"So she is!" Smirked Angelica. "And I think I have
a feather in the closet."

She came back holding a long plume, and gazed
down at the girl for a minute. "I think she's
asleep. Let's see if this wakes her up."

Angelica stroked the feather across the girls feet.
Saffron made a tiny whimper, and her legs
twitched. Angelica continued to brush lightly, and
Saffron groaned as she was roused from her nap.
She tried to bring her knees up in front of her to
escape the tickling, but Angelica followed her
movements. Saffron rolled onto her belly,
writhing harder now as Angelica ran the feather
around her toes.

Dr Bach chuckled as Saffron squeaked helplessly
through the tube. She squirmed on her belly and
kicked her legs up behind her, so Angelica sat on
her legs. She peeled the plastic back even further
and began sliding the feather in between each of
Saffron's toes. Saffron wailed helplessly as her
imprisoned feet were assaulted.

"Would you like to have a go?" Angelica asked Dr
Bach. He nodded eagerly, so she got up and handed
him the feather. "I think I'll try tickling her
somewhere else. Help me roll her onto her back."

Together they rolled her over, and Angelica sat on
Saffron's waist facing her feet. Dr Bach took
Angelica's previous position and ran the feather
over her soles, and was gratified by a scream
from the defenseless girl. Angelica slipped her
hand between Saffron's legs and ran her fingers
lightly through her pubic hair, up and down on
either side of her pussy. Saffron tried her hardest
to buck her assailants off, but she was pinned
down by their weight. She screamed as Angelica's
fingers slipped between her labia and began
feeling their way into her vagina, while all the
while Dr Bach sent unbearable shivers from the
soles of her feet through her whole body.

With her other hand Angelica pressed against
Saffron's clitoris, placing her fingers just above
the hood and rubbing hard and fast. She smiled as
she felt her fingers inside the girls pussy
squeezed tightly, and the wetness increased. She
could definitely make out Saffron's words through
the tube gag now. She was half-laughing, half-
screaming for them to stop.

Obviously the tickling was having a very strong
effect and Dr Bach decided to try a different
approach. Bending his head down, he pulled
Saffron's feet towards his mouth and slipped his
lips over her big toe. She stiffened and was silent
for a second, then she began to struggle even
harder as he circled her toe with his tongue. Her
screams were frantic as he sucked her toe in and
out of his mouth, and Angelica continued to rub
furiously against her clit. She began to jerk
wildly and Angelica could tell by the contractions
around her fingers that the girl was about to
come.

Laughing, Angelica took her hands away and turned
around, leaving Saffron reeling on the edge of
orgasm, still twitching helplessly as Dr Bach
sucked each toe in turn into his mouth and
explored it with his tongue. Angelica reached out
and pinched Saffron's nipples, grinding them
between her fingers. She remembered how
Saffron had pissed in her face earlier, and anger
rose up inside her again. She smiled evilly as she
shuffled further up Saffron's body until her knees
were on either side of the girl's face, then she
gripped her head between her thighs and pressed
her hand flat over Saffron's breathing tube.

The girl immediately began bucking wildly. Dr
Bach withdrew his lips from her toes and looked
around. "What are you doing to her ?" He asked.

Angelica didn't reply. She wished she could look
into the girl's eyes as she was starved of air. Dr
Bach came and knelt beside her, watching
curiously.

"If she passes out, will it do her any harm?" She
asked Dr Bach. He shrugged.

"I think not. As long as you let her breathe after
she is unconscious." Dr Bach replied. He watched
Saffron thrashing desperately, trying to twist out
of Angelica's grasp, but she could do nothing to
stop her from withholding the air she so
desperately needed. Gradually her struggles began
to weaken, and she gave up trying to fight. Her
muscles tensed suddenly, then she relaxed.
Angelica removed her hand and got up, and Dr
Bach inspected Saffron. He saw that her chest was
moving up and down, and smiled.

"She is just fine," He announced, as Dr Hellen
swept into the room.

"What did I miss?" He asked, taking in the scene
before him. Angelica stood up and laughed.

"You missed everything. She's unconscious now."
She screwed her face up. "And she smells bad. I
think I'll have Dorf clean her up and put her to
bed."

As she went to call her servant, the two doctors
began to unwrap Saffron's bindings. Her whole
body was red and sweaty, and she had marks all
over her where the plastic had dug into her skin.
Her hair was wet and plastered against her head.

"Ugh!" Cried Angelica, looking down at her. "She
really needs a shower. Dr Bach, will you
supervise Dorf? I just paged him, he'll be right
here. Dr Hellen will give her a shot so she won't
wake up and attack you again." She laughed as the
little man grimaced.

"If I must." He sighed. "So, how do you think she
should be restrained for the night?"

Angelica frowned. "We really should get into some
kind of routine. Maybe just use the chains at the
corners of the mattress, spread-eagle her. And
give her enough slack so that she can struggle, I
like to see that."

Dr Bach nodded in approval. "Shall we gag her?"
He asked hopefully.

"Well, of course!" She replied. "Please choose
something effective, and cover her eyes too. But
don't use a hood, or she'll get all sweaty and we'll
have to wash her hair again."

Dr Hellen stood and stretched. "Well, I'm off to
bed," He announced. Angelica nodded.

"Me too. Goodnight Dr Bach." She strode out of the
room. Dr Hellen glanced at Dr Bach and saw the
look in his eyes.

"What's got into you?" He asked. Dr Bach snorted
angrily.

"You two make me sick," He answered tersely. "Do
you think I don't know what you are up to?"

"I dont' know why you're so uptight," Dr Hellen
snapped back. "There's plenty to go around."

Dr Bach turned away from him as Dorf entered
the room. Dr Hellen shrugged and walked out. The
man was weird, probably had the hots for Angelica
but was too scared to make a move. Well, tough, he
thought. It's not my problem. He found himself
humming as he walked to his room. There were a
few things he needed to fetch that would make his
night with Angelica even more exciting.





Part Seven coming soon (will this ever end?!)





The Hospital Part Seven - by Anonymyte




Angelica's heels clicked along the hallway at quite
a speed as she hurried back to her room. Dr
Hellen would be right behind her which only gave
her a few seconds to change into something more
enticing. She slid throught the door and closed it
with a nudge of her bottom, already  undoing her
dress buttons. Sliding her hand along the wall, she
reached for the lightswitch.

Just as her fingers made contact, a hand closed
over her wrist, jerking her further into the room
and making her yelp in shock. She was whirled
around and pulled back against the intruder, who
encircled her with one arm and smothered her
mouth with his hand. Angelica writhed wildly,
trying to bite the fingers pressing against her
lips. He was so much stronger than her though,
and easily dragged her across the room to her four
poster bed, where he flung her onto the mattress
and sat on her chest, pinning her arms down with
his knees.

Angelica couldn't see who her attacker in the
darkness of the room, but she knew that she had
left both doctors and Dorf in Saffron's room. This
person must be a stranger, she realised.

"You just made the biggest fucking mistake of
your life," she snarled, as he fumbled in the
blackness with something she couldn't make out.
"My security guards are going to be here in
seconds and they are going to beat the shit out of
you when they see you on top of me."

The intruder made no reply to her threat. Instead,
he reached down and held her nose. Angelica
screamed in fury as he began shoving a ball gag
into her mouth. She twisted her head from side to
side and kicked him in the back as hard as she
could, but he seemed impervious to the blows and
finished his task, fastening the gag around the
back of her head.

Angelica was livid now. Where the hell was Dr
Hellen? She hated the feel of the ball in her
mouth, wedging her tongue down and forcing her
teeth apart, making her cheeks bulge out and
silencing her snarls of anger. She put the force of
her anger into her struggles, but the intruder
kept her pinioned beneath him, his body weight
holding her helpless as he began fitting a leather
hood over her head.

Angelica felt the first  pang of fright as her face
was smothered in the leather mask. She fought
hard but could not stop the zipper being fastened
down the back of her head. Something tightened
around her neck and she heard a loud click.
Suddenly the weight on her chest was relieved as
her attacker got off her. Her hands immediately
flew to her face, and she desperately tried to rip
the hood off. Her fingers slid over the smooth
leather, and she found the tiny padlock at the back
of her neck that held the zipper locked down.

Blindly she felt the front of the hood. It was
totally seamless, with just two tiny holes beneath
her nostrils for her to breathe through. The gag
filling her mouth silenced her cry of horror as
she realised that she couldn't escape from the
hood. Frantically she tried to feel the strap of the
gag through the leather, but it was hopeless.

She realised suddenly that the intruder must be
standing over her, watching her panic. Probably
he was enjoying the sight. She took a deep breath
and tried to calm herself. Dr Hellen would be here
in just a second to release her and then she would
get her revenge on this brute. Meanwhile she
didn't want to give her attacker any satisfaction.

Dizzily she sat up and put her hands down by her
sides. There was no response from her attacker.
Her hearing was muffled by the hood, so she
couldn't tell if he was nearby. She stood carefully,
kicking off the one shoe that remained on her foot
after her struggle. Still there was nothing from
the intruder. She took a step forward, reaching
out with both hands to prevent herself from
falling. Maybe he had left, she hoped.

As she took her second step, hands suddenly
grabbed her shoulders. Roughly, she was spun
around and around. She tried to grab at him but he
eluded her and just as quickly released her,
leaving her tottering, dizzy and disoriented,
grabbing at air. She felt a wave of nausea rise up
inside her stomach, and she collapsed onto her
hands and knees, fighting the rush. The bastard
was playing with her. He was going to pay dearly
for this.

A knee in the small of her back suddenly forced
her flat on the floor. She bit hard on the gag as her
arms were wrenched behind her and her wrists
were wrapped in something thick and sticky. She
quickly recognised it as insulating tape. He taped
her arms together all the way up past her elbows,
applying several layers to keep them secure.
Angelica kicked helplessly, cursing both her
captor and Dr Hellen for not saving her. Of
course, her curses were inaudible. She winced as
she felt her dress being ripped along the seams as
he tore it off her body, leaving her in just her
panties and bra.

The hands pulled away the last scraps of torn
material, and she was flipped over onto her back.
She braced herself for the next attack, but nothing
happened. She sighed as she realised he was
standing back again, watching her writhe
helplessly, probably getting a hard- on at the
sight. She breathed deeply again and tried to fight
the instinct to struggle.

Again she wondered where Dr Hellen was. If he
didn't get here soon, this bastard might really
hurt her. An image arose in her mind of the doctor
reaching for her door handle, hearing the struggle
within, and rushing off to get help. She was
reassured by this theory. Surely that is why he
isn't here yet, she thought. Although I would have
preferred it if he had been braver and just burst
in and saved me.

A sharp toe in the ribs broke into her reverie.
She rolled away from it, the gag stifling her yelp.
Another prod tipped her back over onto her front,
and the hands grabbed at her bra strap, stretching
it tight and making it cut painfully into her skin.
He began pulling her across the room by the
strap, half-lifting, half-dragging her on her
knees until they arrived at the bed again. With one
hand holding the bra strap and the other grasping
the back of her panties, he lifted her onto the bed
again. Angelica realised that kicking him at this
point might induce him to do something worse to
her, so she tried to remain passive and wait until
the doctors came to her rescue.

She was flipped onto her back again and there was
another sharp rip as her bra was torn from her
body. The hands grabbed roughly at her breasts,
crushing the nipples briefly before sliding down
her body to her panties. As the fingers grasped the
material, Angelica was no longer able to control
herself. The feeling of helplessness was too much
and she began kicking violently. She must have
aimed well, as she felt her foot connect with
something soft and the attacker cried out in pain
and retreated.

He recovered quickly though, and she was quickly
rendered helpless as he sat heavily on her legs.
His fingers brushed over her belly making her
skin crawl as he traced them lower to her crotch.
She froze as he spoke for the first time.

"So you don't want me to take these off, is that
right?" He sneered. With the hood on, his voice
sounded disembodied and muffled. Angelica lay
stiffly beneath him as his fingers slid over the
silky material of her underwear and pressed
against her pussy. "Maybe that's because you don't
want me to see how wet you are down here."

Angelica felt a hot flush rising on her cheeks as
she realised he was right. She was actually very
wet between her legs, as she was getting turned on
despite herself due to the restricting mask and the
tape around her arms. And the last thing she
wanted was to let this bastard see the effect he was
having on her. Unfortunately there was little she
could do to stop him.

He slid a finger beneath the material and stroked
her pussy lips. As he did, she felt her clit begin to
throb. She moaned helplessly as he lifted his
weight momentarily from her legs and parted
them a little further to allow himself easier
access, then settled down again to hold her in
place. His finger stroked up and down her labia,
pressing a little harder with each stroke until
they parted and he made contact with the entrance
to her vagina.

"Are you sure you don't want me to take these
off?" He teased. He began rubbing gently up and
down, stroking around the entrance to her pussy
and then sliding upwards, stopping just short of
her clit, which was now throbbing intensely. "I
think you do."

Angelica stifled her moan as he grasped the sides
of her panties again, more gently this time, and
began easing them down over her hips. He pulled
them down to her thighs and left them there.
Goddamn Dr Hellen! Where was he?

Angelica suddenly had a terrifying thought. What
if Dr Hellen had heard the noises inside and
presumed that she was playing consentually with
this person? He would have thought that she had
been leading him on as a joke when she invited
him to her room. Maybe he was taking out his
anger on Jenny. No one else was likely to come to
her room tonight...  She moaned hopelessly as she
realised that maybe she wasn't going to be saved
after all.

Her attacker heard the smothered moan and
laughed. "Yes, I know what you need, honey. You'll
get it when I decide. Now, let's see what we have
here."

He stroked his hand over Angelica's snatch. It was
completely hairless, allowing full view of her
swollen sex. Usually she liked that, but now it
made her feel even more vulnerable. She strained
to pull her legs closer together, but his weight
kept them parted. He used both hands to part her
lips and held her open, obviously looking at her
pussy intently. She wondered if he had turned a
light on, as she couldn't tell with the hood over
her eyes. She felt her skin crawl as she imagined
his eyes feasting on her defenseless pussy.

For some reason he stopped his exploration and
withdrew his hands. She realised why when he
began tying a soft rope around the top of her thigh.
Another rope circled her other thigh, and he
suddenly got up off her. She was puzzled by his
actions as the ropes were tight around her legs,
but did not seem to be restraining her at all. She
could hear him moving about, and still there was
no tension on the ropes, and she fretted
helplessly, wondering what he was up to. Her
panties were still half-mast around her thighs,
making her feel even more pathetic.

Her ankle was grabbed roughly and a rope fastened
about it tightly. That leg was released, then the
other ankle was tied in the same way. Still she
could move her legs freely. He was moving about
at the head of the bed now, and she could feel the
mattress shake as he stood on it. It seemed like he
was doing something to the head end of the canopy.

She gasped as the rope around her ankle was
tugged hard. He was hoisting her leg in the air,
and she imagined that he had hooked the other end
of the rope over the top of the canopy to achieve
that effect. She fought the rope but he reeled her
in so that her leg was pulled back straight, and up
over her head, lifting her buttocks several inches
off the bed. She winced as the panties around her
thighs were stretched taut, until the seam ripped
and released her leg. The pulling stopped and she
felt the rope vibrate as he tied it off. He quickly
hoisted the other leg up in the same way, so that
she was lying with her legs spread wide, pulled
back above her head to reveal her pussy and her
ass perfectly.

She writhed in discomfort, trying to slide herself
down the bed to ease the pull of the ropes. He had
moved down to the foot of the bed again now,
though, and she felt the rope around her thigh
suddenly go taut as he pulled it down towards the
base of the post and tied it off. The last rope was
secured in a similar fashion and he checked the
knots.

Angelica was now unable to move her legs or
buttocks an inch in any direction. All she could do
was wriggle her hips a little. The ropes stretched
her legs between the top of the posts at the head of
the bed and the base of the posts at the foot of the
bed, raising her ass from the mattress and
presenting her genitals in full display.

The attacker had made sure that his knots were
going to hold, then he returned to between
Angelica's legs. This time he had full access and he
decided to take his time. He began by caressing her
thighs, stroking around the ropes and slowly
circling inwards. Angelica twitched like a fly in a
web as he advanced towards her vulnerable pussy.
She desperately wanted to resist him but she knew
that she was helpless to his touch. Her jaw
tightened around the gag as he reached her lips
again and began to softly stroke them with light,
feathery touches that brushed down over her
perineum and tickled their way back up over her
bald mound. Her legs were stiff with tension as
they strained against the ropes, trying to close
and protect her gaping snatch.

Yet again, he used both hands to part her lips and
spread her wide, making her writhe her hips as
she tried hopelessly to back away from his touch.
His fingers slid along the silky insides of her
pussy, and she groaned with both defeat and desire
as he finally pinched her pulsing clit between
finger and thumb,  rolling and squeezing it. His
other thumb circled her vagina, slowly slipping
in and out, circling just inside her canal and
teasing her. He let his fingers brush over her
arsehole, stroking her softly.

He removed his thumb from her vagina, keeping
her clit tightly pinched all the while, and quickly
slid his forefinger deep into her. Before she could
tighten around it, he pulled it out again and
pressed it quickly against her ass, forcing it
through the tight little opening and deeper into
her rectum. He pressed his thumb back into her
vagina again and began gently rotating his wrist so
that the digits swirled inside her with the same
rhythm, while he continually squeezed her clit.

Angelica was overwhelmed by the her intense
reaction to his stimulation. She was dizzy with
her need to come, which was building forcefully
inside her. She bit hard on the gag, torn inside
between fighting his caresses and giving in to the
orgasm that was building. It began to seem as if
she had no choice as he expertly played with her,
gradually edging her nearer to climax.

She gasped as he suddenly released her clit, then
gasped again as his warm wet tongue lapped over
her button. The change of stimulation slowed her
ascent, but as he smothered her clit with his lips
and began gently sucking, she completely lost
what little control she had. All thoughts of rescue,
of anything, fled her mind and she became lost in
the sensations resonating through her body.

Her attacker seemed to sense the change in her
response. He pulled his face away from her pussy,
and crawled around to her side, keeping his finger
and thumb in her orifices. She struggled in
confusion, desperate for relief, as he began
stroking her rock-hard nipples.

"I don't want you getting overexcited, honey.
We've got all the time in the world. Let's take it
slowly." Angelica twisted helplessly as his lips
closed over her nipple and he began sucking and
nibbling on the tender bud of her teat. She felt his
fingers close over her other nipple and his hand
between her legs stirred her insides, making her
burn with arousal. Somehow she could feel
something brushing against her clit while the
fingers remained inside her, and now the fingers
on her other nipple felt like lips and teeth too, but
that was impossible... she was so dizzy with
excitement she must be imagining it.

She tensed as the hand between her legs suddenly,
definitely became two hands as they gripped her
buttocks. Lips still suckled on her nipple, and her
other breast was still being kneaded by a third
hand. She reeled in confusion as she felt something
press against her clit. Were there two men with
her now? Or was she so confused, being robbed of
her sight by the hood, that her screaming nerves
were sending her false signals?

There was no mistaking what was sliding up and
down between her pussy lips now. It was the head
of a penis, very erect. She was going to be fucked
like this, tied down and helpless, and the worst
thing was, she wanted it, needed it. As the swollen
head of the unseen dick pressed against her
opening, she found herself trying to thrust against
it. She could not move though, and it began to
gradually ease in and out of her. She tried to get
into the rhythm but it thrust deeper and deeper
into her at its own pace. The lips on her nipple
continued to suck and she felt the hand on her
other breast slide down to her clit and begin
rubbing it gently, making her cry out into the gag.
She could feel the penis inside her getting harder
as it got closer to coming, and she desperately
tried to keep up with it, concentrating on the
fingers rubbing her clit as her own orgasm built
gradually.

The penis inside her slid out without coming, and
she inadvertantly moaned in desperation. The
ropes holding her legs up were suddenly released,
and her legs flopped on the bed. Angelica hoped
that her attacker was going to leave them free but
he quickly moved down to the foot of the bed and
began retying them in a new position. She did
little to fight him as they felt numb from being
stretched in their previous position, and besides,
she was still hooded with her arms strapped
tightly behind her.

The rope around her left ankle was tied to the base
of the wooden post at the foot of the bed. The other
end of the rope around her right ankle was tied
around the top of the same post, which left
Angelica lying on her side with one leg flat on the
bed and the other sticking up in the air, giving
easy access to both her pussy and ass. The ropes
around her thighs were removed, and her attacker
used one to slip under her arms and tie to the
opposite bedpost, to keep her stretched tight
diagonally across the bed and minimize her
struggles.

Angelica felt her attacker stretch himself out in
front of her. His bare chest brushed against her
breasts as he did so, and she realised that he had
no clothes on. It seemed rather bizarrre that an
intruder in a strange house would feel
comfortable enough to get naked, she thought. She
quickly forgot about it though as he reached
between her legs and positioned himself against
her opening. She noticed that his dick felt dry,
even though it had already been inside her. As he
gripped her hips and began pushing it into her,
she noticed that it also felt different in her pussy,
longer and slightly thinner than just before.

She felt the hard knob of his penis rubbing over
her g-spot and her muscles tightened. She was
helpless to respond or retreat, so she just prayed
that he would come and let her come too, and then
leave her alone. She was beginning to get nearer to
orgasm again he penetrated her completely with
long, slow, rhythmic thrusts. His fingers closed
over her nipples again, causing sensory overload.
She writhed like a fish on a hook as he plunged
into her again and again, his fingers digging into
her hips and pulling her onto him. She could feel
him swelling inside her, and she began to beg
wordlessly through the gag; please make him
come, please let me come, oh please...

He gave a deep thrust and held it inside her,
making her wriggle helplessly as she tried to
maintain the rhythm. He held her hips tightly
though, and she could do nothing except grip the
stiff dick inside her with the muscles of her
pussy.

The realisation slammed into her that there were
still two hands on her nipples, and a pair
clutching her hips. She had been right all along!
There were two men here. As she yelped in
protest, the hands on her hips slid back to her
buttocks and parted them. The tip of another dick,
this one slippery and hard, pressed against her
ass. She was sandwiched between two bodies and
unable to buck away as the knob began squeezing
slowly into her, forcing her tight asshole open.
She felt it slide deeper, past the tight entrance and
deeper into the softness of her rectum. All she
could do was squirm and moan as she was speared
from front and behind.

Now both pairs of hands held her still as the dicks
inside her began move, gently and slowly, one
sliding in as the other slid out. A hand moved down
to her clit and circled it insistently with gentle
fingers. Angelica screamed through the gag as the
sensations built fast inside her. There was no
fighting it now, she was going to come, and the
dicks kept their slow thrusting pace as she began
to shake with the force of the orgasm. Relentlessly
it crashed over her again and again as they fucked
her with deep rhythmic thrusts, pounding into
her as they too began to come.

The penis in her pussy began to ejaculate first,
sending spurts of hot juice into her with sharp
thrusts in response to her own orgasm. The dick
in her ass increased the pace, and quickly caught
up with a climax of its own, filling her rectum
with a stream of jism.

Angelica and her two assailants were all left
panting. Despite her situation she had enjoyed the
orgasm, and had forgotten her situation during the
height of it. Now, however, she remembered that
she was helpless to the whims of these two strange
men. She began to wriggle and squeal, hoping that
now they had had their fill of her they would untie
her. She felt the dicks slip out of her as they lost
their hardness, and the come trickled out of her
orifices.

"I think she wants some more," said her first
assailant. She didn't hear the response of the
second one. She shook her head and howled in
protest, but there was nothing she could do to
escape. She felt something rough and damp wiping
her between her legs. A wet towel, she realised,
that they must have found in her ensuite
bathroom.

As one of them cleaned her up, she could hear the
other opening drawers. "This is just what you
need!" Came the cry. "Wanna give it a try while I
look a bit more?"

There was no reply but the wiping stopped. She
could still hear one of them in the bedroom,
rifling through her belongings, and the other one
had gone into the bathroom. She could hear the
water running. What could they have found? She
ran the possilities through her mind. Probably a
vibrator, she thought with a sigh. She wriggled
her arms but the tape was too tight and sticky to
get out of.

The second guy came out of the bathroom and knelt
behind her on the bed. She waited tensely,
expecting to have a vibrator jammed inside her,
but instead he slid a towel beneath her hips. She
heard a squelch which had to be lubricant coming
out of a tube, and then the hard slipperiness of...
an enema! She began struggling as he forced the
cold tube into her ass, but it wasn't too difficult to
get it in there after she had been stretched by a
penis.

Number one obviously got bored and came back
over to the bed. "Looks like you need some help
there," he observed as Angelica's thrashing
increased with every inch of progress. He lay
down in front of her in a 69 position. "Shame she
can't suck mine," he joked, "but you know she'd
try to bite it off."

Wrapping an arm around her waist, he buried his
face in her pussy, closing his lips over her clit
and sucking hard. She tried to writhe out of his
grasp but the ropes held her in place. He reached
over with his other hand and slid three fingers
into her pussy, seeking out her g-spot and
pressing against it.

Meanwhile number two was still easing the enema
hose into her rectum. Each little thrust he made
with the hose made Angelica try to pull away,
which pushed her snatch harder against number
one's face. It was easy to tell from the sounds she
was making that she was becoming extremely
excited again, despite her protests.

Number two decided it was time to move on to the
next stage in administering the enema. He began
pumping the bulb slowly, forcing warm water
deep into Angelica's bowels. She struggled harder,
and the arm around her waist tightened more,
keeping her motionless as the liquid pumped into
her and her clit was sucked and lapped.

All the water had been deposited inside her, so
number two pulled the hose out and slid his finger
in to keep it there. He wriggled his finger about,
making her wail. It was obvious she was going to
come again, so number one sucked as hard as he
could while thrusting his fingers in and out of her
pussy. As she began to jerk with the climax,
number two slid his finger in and out of her ass.
With each contraction of the orgasm, a spurt of
water shot out past his finger. Angelica
desperately tried to hold it in but she had no
control over her body. She was mortified to be
manipulated like this by these two strangers, but
there was no way to stop them. It crossed her
mind that Jenny and Saffron and the others she
had kept as toys might feel the same, but the
thought sent a wave of excitement through her
that forced another spurt from her bottom. Then
all thoughts left her as teeth suddenly bit down
hard on her clit sending a wave of pain that was
nearly too pleasurable through her, and she came
again.

**********************************
**********************************
*******

The END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Anonymyte


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





