BDSM Library - Star Treatment




Star Treatment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Legendary porn movie producer Lesiah Thrace auditions new talent for her latest GoddessSex epic and discovers an incredible new superslut.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A S.L.U.T. ADVENTURE
(Swinging Lifestylers United Together)

PROSEX STORIES series. Collect 'em all.

This story is XXX for ADULTS ONLY!  It contains graphic descriptions of sexual
activity, LOTS of sexual activity.  Copyright (c) 2000 Positively Pagan.  All
Rights Reserved.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


STAR TREATMENT
By Taliesin the Bard




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A S.L.U.T. ADVENTURE
(Swinging Lifestylers United Together)

PROSEX STORIES series. Collect 'em all.

This story is XXX for ADULTS ONLY!  It contains graphic descriptions of sexual
activity, LOTS of sexual activity.  Copyright (c) 2000 Positively Pagan.  All
Rights Reserved.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


STAR TREATMENT
By Taliesin the Bard

Lesiah Thrace signed her name for the fourteenth and last time for the day.  She
put the letter she had signed in an envelope and sealed it.  That was it; the
last contracts had been signed, the last letters had been written and were ready
for mailing.  She would take no more phone calls, answer no more e-mails.  Work
was done for the day.

It had been a good day.  Director Tolland True was into the third day of
shooting the latest GoddessSex porn epic, and all the scenes had gone smoothly. 
Lesi had done a scene for the movie herself early that morning, fucking and
sucking three well-hung studs.  She'd also done the director shortly after the
scene was over.  She had gotten to her office around noon, and had worked
straight through, completing several projects including a European deal for the
distribution of several new GoddessSex videos.

6:43 PM, the clock read.  Work was done, and Lesi's pussy was heating up.  Time
for play.

There was almost always prospective talent hanging around the company offices,
looking to get into porn.  Because of this, Lesi, True and Harlan Robesen, the
lead partners in GoddessSex Creations, had set up an informal talent agency on
the first floor.  New talent, female and male, was evaluated, and those that
passed the initial examination were given tryouts in various movies and photo
shoots.

At least two or three times a week these evaluations included fucking Lesi after
work, sometimes during if she got particularly horny.  She called down to the
Talent Office and asked that the latest hopefuls be sent up.  She never had any
idea what she would be getting, and didn't give it any thought.  Whoever was
waiting in the Talent Office, male or female, would be invited up.  Lesi liked
the surprise.  It gave her a thrill to know she could, and would, fuck whoever
and whatever came through her doors. 

In a few minutes the new talent arrived to find Lesi waiting for them, leaning
against her desk.  Though she wore a light gray business suit the skirt was
extremely short and they could see she wore no panties. 

"Alright!" exclaimed a female voice from the group of eight who entered.  "This
is what we been waiting for."  The voice belonged to a young, dark-skinned
woman.  Her figure was slender and agreeably curved.  Her curly, black hair hung
well below her shoulders.  The white blouse, skirt and shoes she wore contrasted
nicely with her rich, chocolate skin.  As she came forward, she removed her
skirt, revealing that she too wore no panties.  Her pubic hair was curly and
neatly trimmed in a "V" just above the opening of her sex.  She knelt before
Lesi and began licking the older woman's pussy.

"You do that very well," Lesi said.

The girl flashed her dark eyes at Lesi, continued licking the soft folds of
flesh.  Her tongue moved in short, rapid flicks, snakelike, pleasing.

Lesi gestured to the men to hurry their undressing.  "C'mon.  Bring some cock
this way too." 

Two men who had gotten their clothes off before the others came over to her. 
"Around the desk," she directed.  She turned to lie on her stomach across the
desk, her hands reaching for the cocks of the two men.  Behind her, the girl
kept licking, focusing more attention now on Lesi's upturned ass hole.

Lesi sucked one cock then the other then returned to the first, a few seconds
for each.  The one on the right was erect in no time; the one on the left was
taking longer. 

"Mmmmmm," Lesi said.  "I love sucking two fine cocks at the same time.  They
both taste so good in my mouth."  Lesi hoped her words would have an encouraging
effect on the laggard.  If he wanted to be in porn he'd better learn how to
perform.  She'd cut him a little slack, as this office orgy was probably an
unusual occurrence for him, but only a little.

All the men were naked now, Lesi saw as she looked over her shoulder.  And most
sprouted strong erections.  "If you've got wood," Lesi instructed, "put it to
good use."

Lesi wiggled her ass, drawing the attention of the girl who was licking her butt
hole.  The girl looked up and Lesi asked, "What's your name, sweetie?"

"Star," the girl replied. "Star Treatly.  But I thought Star Treat would be a
better porn name."

"So, Star Treat, are you ready to get fucked?"

"Can't wait."

"Okay, on the couch so I can see you."

Star moved to the couch, removing the remainder of her clothes as she went. 
Several of the men pawed her, grabbing her tits, sliding their fingers into her
cunt.  When a hand grabbed her tit, Star grabbed the hand and forced it to maul
her tit harder.  She spread her legs for the fingers probing her cunt, loved to
feel the determined digits teasing her slick fuck hole. 

Lesi observed Star's behavior closely, noting the wide smile on the girl's face. 
She wasn't faking it like some actresses.  Lesi hated using actresses who faked
it.  Star Treat appeared to be the real thing. 

When a finger speared the girl's ass hole she bent at the waist to give the man
better access.  He rotated his finger around inside her rectum for a bit then
took it out.  Star turned and took his hand in hers.  She sucked the extended
finger like a cock, then moved on to where Lesi had directed her.

On the couch the girl quickly threw open her legs. Lesi could see Star's cunt
was wet with anticipation of what was about to happen.  "C'mon, let's get this
goin'.  Give me hard cock.  Come fuck me, fuck me good."

A largely endowed black man got on his knees before Star and kissed her cunt. 
He gave the sweet honey pot a few licks then positioned his ten inches where he
had just licked.  He slid forward into the slim girl.  She wrapped her legs
around him.  "Yeah, fuck my hot slut cunt, fuck it hard," she said.

Star had heard lines like that in porn movies she had watched.  She hoped it was
the right thing to say.  She liked saying things like that, had liked it even
before she had seen any porn.  The people fucking in porn always seemed so happy
to be fucking, and Star was happy like that in real life.  She loved fucking,
and knew that a career in porn would be perfect.

On the desk Lesi was also encouraging the studs to put their cocks to good use. 
The fellow who had lagged was now fully hard and was a solid eight inches.  Lesi
positioned him on his back on the desk.  She got atop him quickly and sank her
cunt down on him.  She would have shouted how happy she was to have taken yet
another hard cock inside her, how happy to know she was the best slut in the
world and would take any cock any time, but her mouth and throat were quickly
filled by the ten inches of the other fellow.  He fucked Lesi's face like he
would a cunt.  Lesi enjoyed the feeling of his hard cock flesh sliding back and
forth against her red lips.  She would cast this one in an upcoming movie, soon.

Her head held by both hands of the man fucking her face, Lesi could not see well
what was happing with Star but she could catch glimpses out of the corner of her
eye.  And she could hear what was happening.  She would definitely cast Star in
several movies.

"That's it, yes yes, fuck my slut cunt hole like that.  Fuck me."  Star had
changed position.  She was now on hands and knees and another stud, balancing
with one foot on the floor and one on the couch, was fucking her from behind. 
"Put it in my ass if you like.  I love it in my ass.  I have such a hot,
fuckable ass hole you'll love it."

"Sure, baby," replied the man behind her.  He pulled himself from her clutching
cunt and brought the head of his cock to the girl's anal opening.  He was sure
his cock, coated with her cunt cream, would go in easily but he was not prepared
when she suddenly thrust back in an attempt to drive him inside her.  His cock
slipped upward along the crack of her ass cheeks and the bump from her butt
unbalanced him, sent him reeling backward.  He toppled into several of the other
men who managed to support him.

Amid the jovial laughter that broke out among the group, one of the wannabe porn
studs said, "I guess she really likes anal."

"I love anal," Star averred.  I fuckin' love it.  And I don't care which of you
shoves a cock or a fist up my ass but do it right now!" 

Hmmm, Lesi thought, a fist up the ass.  Sounds good to me.  This she definitely
wanted to see so she put her years of slut experience to work.  With quick
expert movements of her tongue she had the face-fucker cuming down her throat in
seconds.  She swallowed his cum greedily and kept sucking to get every drop. 
Only after the man was drained did she stop.

She pushed him away and hopped off the desk and off the cock she was riding. 
She plopped herself on hands and knees close to Star and motioned for the man
she had mounted to continue their connection, this time fucking her doggie
style.  He slid his cock up her from behind while two men steadied Star in an
inverted position - her shoulders on the ground, butt up - and two others pushed
their dicks down into her ass hole.  Not fists, but a double anal wasn't bad.

Star seemed happy about it.  The two men, one of whom was the man she had
accidentally knocked aside before, had their dicks aimed downward and were pile
driving into the girl's anal aperture.  She tried not to wiggle too much but the
cocks were driving her wild.  The hands of two other men held her while her
weight was on her shoulders and her legs were stretched aside, but it was
difficult to maintain the position.  Star was thrashing her head from side to
side and screaming "Oh fuck, oh fuck" over and over.  She was close to
climaxing.

The cocks continued to ravage Star's rectum.  Lesi edged nearer, the man fucking
her from behind moving with her.  Suddenly one of the men fucking Star's ass
said, "I'm cuming!"

"Pull out. Shoot it on her!" Lesi shouted. 

"Yeah, man," said another, "Give that girl some cum."

The ass-fucker did.  He pulled his dick free from Star's anus with his left hand
as he started to ejaculate.  Spurting sperm shot downward and hit Star all over
her face and breasts.  She grabbed her breasts as the cum hit and squeezed and
massaged it around.  She almost came from the hot cum striking her supple skin. 
The second ass-fucker came a few moments later.  He squatted over Star's face
and she took his cock in her hands and aimed it where she wanted it, right in
her mouth.  Wads of cum filled her mouth as she held the cock steady.  When it
had stopped ejaculating its sweet fluid Star spit up the cum, letting it run
over her face.

She giggled as she felt the hot cum running down her cheeks and into her ears. 
Then she felt Lesi's mouth and tongue on her, lapping up the cum, sucking
voraciously.  The tongue lapped her left ear and the left side of her face,
lapped across her wide nose and began working the right side of her face just as
hungrily.  She climaxed then, and, from the shaking of Lesi's body, knew the
older woman had cum also.

Star flicked her own tongue out; she made contact with Lesi's soft neck.  Lesi
cooed as she continued to climax.  Star kept flicking her tongue.  Lesi brought
her mouth to that tongue and the two kissed, sharing delightedly in the last of
the cum.

Lesi pulled her body forward, bringing her big boobs to Star's mouth.  The girl
began sucking on one; the hands of one of the porn wannabes took hold of the
other.  He pinched and twisted the nipple.

"Ahhh, ummm, good.  Yeah.  Play with my boobs, my big slut boobs."

"Your ass too?" asked one of the men.  "Can we play with your slut ass?  Can we
fuck it?  Can we shove our cocks into it?"

"Yes," Lesi replied. "Yes!"

"Make room," the speaker said to the man who was still behind Lesi.  "I want me
some ass."

"Sure."  The man who had been fucking Lesi had seen many many porn movies.  He
knew that the performers frequently swapped off.  He moved aside.

The other man got behind Lesi.  He sucked on two of his fingers, wetting them
with his spittle.  Then he poked those two fingers into Lesi's rectum, worked
them around, opened her up.  Then he poked his cock in.  "Nnnrrumn!"

Lesi hadn't seen the man's cock, but she could feel it.  It was big, and it
filled her nicely.  She looked over her shoulder at the man.  He was bearded and
brawny.  She rammed her ass back to urge him on.

Suddenly she felt him cuming, felt his hot jizz shooting into her rectum. 
Though Lesi the slut was pleased to get the cum she craved, Lesi the director
made a mental note to later remind all the men about cuming too quickly.  In
porn one came when the director wanted, not before.

Lesi pulled free of the man's cock, looked around to see if there were any more
studs ready to fuck.  Her eyes wide, her mouth open with tiny trickles of saliva
and cum dripping from it, she sought her next cock.  The man who had been
fucking her, first on the desk then on the floor, was still hard.  Lesi crawled
the four feet of distance separating them and took him in her mouth.  She
commenced a frenzied sucking of the hot cock flesh.

Nearby, Star was not idle.  She was on her back on top of a man, his cock deep
in her ass.  Another man was on top of her, his cock also deep in her ass.  It
was another double anal penetration. 

Lesi, seeing this, was already formulating the plot for the first movie in which
Star would star.  An all-anal extravaganza.  Anal fucking, anal fisting, and
big, baseball bat sized dildos up the ass.  Star would star, but Lesi was
mentally writing a part for herself.

Her lips went up and down and around the dick before her.  She sucked the balls,
tongued the man's anus.  She licked the sweat dripping from between his thighs,
smelled its heady aroma.  She began sucking on just the head of his cock, though
she made long strokes with two fingers along the shaft.  Soon she had him
cuming.  She did not swallow.  She let the cum fill her mouth, one strong
ejaculation after another.

When the man stopped cuming, Lesi moved over to where Star and the two men were
fucking on the couch.  The top man leaned back to give Lesi room.  Star looked
up at the older woman and guessed what was coming.  Lesi was going to spit the
sperm into Star's mouth or onto her body, then lick it off.  That's what Lesi
was going to do, or so Star thought.

Lesi didn't.  Without taking her eyes from Star's, Lesi slid the fingers and
thumb of her left hand into her mouth, slowly letting the cum pour over them. 
Cum and saliva ran down the fingers, coating the hand and the wrist. 

Lesi grinned and brought her hand between Star's legs.  Sperm dribbled from her
chin as she said, "Star Treat, you are going to get the star treatment." 

The older woman probed with her cum-coated fingers, working them into the girl's
cunt.  The hot cuntflesh opened easily, automatically, inviting further
insertion, deeper penetration.  It was less than a minute before Lesi had her
hand, wrist and half her forearm inside Star's creaming cunt hole and was fist
fucking her to ecstasy while the two cocks continued to pummel the girl's ass
hole.

Star's eyes were rolled back in her head, with little more than the whites
showing.  Her body heaved with each thrust of fist or cock.  She was sobbing,
and moaning incoherently.  Never had she been fucked like this.  Never.  She
lost all sense of reality as she exploded in orgasm after orgasm, again and
again.  The cocks in her ass came, dumping thick discharges of semen deep inside
her. 

Lesi kept fisting Star.  Even after the cocks had deflated and pulled out of
her.  Even after she had climaxed more times in this single session than she had
in any other.  Even after she had emptied her bladder because she had lost all
control of her bodily functions.  Even after she thought she had reached a high
so high she would never, could never, return to reality.  Even after she had
begged Lesi to stop with one breath while with the next begged her never to
stop. 

Only when Star had passed out completely and her young, strong body had gone
utterly limp and lay unmoving except for her the slow, deep in and out of her
breathing, did Lesi stop.  The girl was thoroughly satiated, utterly suffused
with an overflowing of sex.

Though she returned to consciousness less than twenty minutes later, she found
herself covered in cum, and alone.  Except for Lesi.

She was still too far gone to speak.  Lesi answered the question in the girl's
eyes.

"I had to make sure all of them could cum so I had them jerk off on you."

Star smiled.  The thought pleased her.  She looked down her body at the pools
and streaks of pearl white goo that clung pleasingly to her chocolate skin.  

Lesi continued.  "Then I had them sign contracts for one movie, then I kicked
'em out.  They were good but not special like you.  Very few dicks are.  My
husband, Harlan, is one.  Tolland True is another.  Ted Trotter.  They're
special.  But you are phenomenal, my dear Star treat.  Right up there with Noel
Nouveau, Meri Dallas.  If you want it you truly can be a star.  And more"

Star was still stunned from her orgasmic overload.  She could not speak.  But
she nodded her head: Yes.

"Good." 

Lesi began licking the cum from Star's body.

"So let me tell you about your first movie.  We'll get these guys back and maybe
a dozen more.  They'll all double anal you, two by two, fuck your ass really
good and fill it with cum, a real cum enema.  Then you'll sit on my face and
I'll eat out your ass hole and drink the cum from your ass.  Okay, that's the
first scene.  Then. . .."


- End -

___________________
The moderately mythic Taliesin the Bard is a popular porn performer, pagan
pundit, and prominent prosex partisan, as well as being addicted to atrocious
alliteration.  You may write to him at Positively Pagan, 5632 Van Nuys Blvd.
#337, Van Nuys, CA 91401 or e-mail him at yourpaltal@taliesinthebard.com.  Tal's
websites are http://www.taliesinthebard.com and www.paganpleasures.com.

ProSex, S.L.U.T. Star Treatment and the names and likenesses of all prominent
characters and organizations in this fictional story are trademarks (TM) of
Positively Pagan.

Thank you for flying with ProSex; please watch your step as you deplane.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Taliesin the Bard


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





