BDSM Library - The Slave Trading Club




The Slave Trading Club
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young slave girl's training is now sufficient to accommodate her Master's inclusion in an exclusive trading club.
The Slave Trading Club
by Mia




The Slave Trading Club
by Mia


Her Master was busy packing up a bag for her, asking her where this and that
item were to ensure they were included.  She stood there thinking how odd it was
to watch him doing this.  He always specifically instructed her on what to do,
particularly with a task this menial but in this case he was driven to perform
this task himself leaving no room for error.  The message this particular act
sent was coming through loud and clear.  She was beginning to feel the
trepidation even though she was committed to complying with his instruction. She
also knew that she had accomplished sufficient training for her Master to even
contemplate sending her on this venture.

When Mia had first become enslaved to her Master he commented on what a perfect
name she had.  Mia, meaning mine, seemed to suit the situation perfectly and he
used it often as well as suck slut, fucktoy, and numerous other descriptives
that incorporated many adjectives to drive home his point to her about who she
was and her chosen station in life.  She thought of the sequence of events that
led her to him and to today.  Her need to get away from a destructive family
life, her need for someone to take charge and provide direction to her.  Her
need to overcome her sexual inhibitions, to succumb to her own sexual desires
and to unlearn all the shit that had been pounded into her head about sex, about
life, about everything before she had met him.  She had made that inferential
leap, unabashed and unafraid.  She had agreed willingly, even signed a contract,
fully aware of all that entailed. 

One thing her Master had advised of in advance, that his interest in taking her
on as his slave, included his interest and pursuit of a membership in a Club
that existed. He explained this Club was run by men similar to himself. That
each had their own slaves and in order to obtain some variety and new
experiences, yet all within a relative realm of safety, they exchanged their
slaves. They shared specific similar sexual desires and this allowed them to
expound on those They also had specific codes to be adhered to and requirements
for any interaction.  A Master might send his slave to another and that man
could have 2 females slaves for a weekend or up to week. Then the reciprocation.
A select few of the Masters already had 2 slaves and they might trade one or
both, either individually or separately.  It was all pretty much negotiable
between the interested parties and a solicitation from either side was
acceptable practice.   It was  great additional training for the slaves and
greatly enjoyed by the Masters.  They just might switch slaves for the weekend
for a new perspective and certainly a newfound enthusiasm but with the
understood comfort level of all that were involved and a relative certainty that
their own property would be returned intact.     This was all agreed upon
between the men beforehand but one of the specific requirements was that you
couldn't join and you couldn't trade until your own slave had been fully
trained.  The requirements were quite stringent and he had invested a year's
time before Mia was apparently ready.  Her subservience, her obedience, her
ability to take the whip, the crop, the cane.  It included not only her ability
to do everything as required but to express her enjoyment at doing it or having
it done to her.  Relishing the torture of her nipples, how her Master made her
beg him to fuck her up in the ass knowing full well that she hated it.  Then
after he had cum, however that might have occurred, how she always and
immediately had to attempt, best effort, to get him hard again.  How she had
learned to beg him to cum herself.  How she was skilled at preparing herself for
him and his use of her. Making








herself devoid of all body hair.  Using the enema bag as many times as needed
until she flowed clean.  She was glad to be able to do this herself now without
his instruction. His technique always included fucking her ass with the enema
hose, making her hold the water in until she thought she would burst.  Adjusting
herself to the buttplugs, the dildos,  the numerous different devices he had
introduced her to.   How he had taught her to overcome all her previous
aversions.  Licking his asshole, learning to not flip out as he fucked her face,
causing her to gag, cutting off her air supply. He didn't care that she was
flipping out, he continued to drive his cock down her throat but over time she
had learned to accommodate his desires.  Drinking down him cum, drinking his
piss when he wished.  He continually made her beg him for more, no matter what. 
"Make me believe you love it Mia, " he commanded.
He had hired prostitutes on numerous occasions in order to acquaint her with
eating out a pussy.  He was cautious enough that it never went any further and
he never had sex with them himself, just had her eat and suck their pussies. 
They had no qualms about providing instruction either.  Her Master then enlisted
a young woman that he was fucking occasionally.  He had convinced her Mia was
bi-sexual and wanted to suck her pussy.  Master brought Mia into the bed and had
her suck all of his cum out of the woman and then make her cum.  It was very
difficult as she watched her Master fucking this woman, experiencing the
pleasure of that body, oblivious to
Mia.  One time when the woman came over, Master started to grease up Mia's ass
after he had finished fucking the woman and Mia had cleaned out all his spunk. 
Mia was mortified that he was going to do this in front of this stranger. She
tried a slight delay tactic and attempted to get him to at least recognize her
discomfort.   He was adamant,  "Spread your ass cheeks now Mia."
She complied and he lined his cock-head up at the opening of her anus.  He
stroked it around the opening for a moment before driving it deeply into her ass
while simultaneously driving out a gutteral grunt.  Fucking her in the ass,
ramming his dick into her depths, tears running down her face, he was
relentless.  "Fuck me back you cunt bitch.  Don't you dare try and pull away
from me.  Make me believe you love it you slut. I better feel your ass gripping
down on my cock this very minute, milking my cock or you will pay dearly
momentarily and after that we will try again." He instructed her between strokes
in and out of her ass.  "Thank me for fucking you in the ass, beg me to fuck you
deeper and harder. Beg me to fuck you in the ass again when I've finished." he
bellowed into her ear as he began slapping her thigh and ass . Mia's quiet voice
broke the air, "Please Master, fuck my ass deeper and harder as you wish and
please don't ever stop."  "I love it so as your big cock opens up my ass.  Can
you feel me sucking your cock into me, my ass begging for more too?" "Louder you
bitch!"   "I don't believe you!" he screamed.  He was nearing his climax and his
tirade continued.  She complied, screaming and begging for more and endlessly
thanking him until she felt his load spasming up into her anal canal.
He always seemed to opt to fuck her in the ass after he had already cum at least
once so that his duration would be longer and he would accomplish more training
each and every time.   She immediately slid herself off of his deflating cock
and went about her job of attempting to raise another erection from his
exhausted cock.  Sucking, stroking, running her tongue around and underneath the
shaft and the head.  At last he directed her to cease.



She loathed the humiliation of having that stranger, that woman witness what she
had endured but she knew that the woman would never again return.  She could
tell by the mortified look on her face.  Didn't matter that she liked the freaky
aspect of having Mia suck out her cunt and lick her pussy until she came again
and again after having so enjoyed fucking her handsome Master.  She also seemed
to enjoy the fact that it somehow bothered Mia when she fucked him irrespective
of whatever storyline had been told to her.  She instinctively knew it bothered
Mia at some level and she dug it. But this, this was too much for her.  Plus,
this girl that had been sucking her cunt was now begging for this punishment.
Master was now oblivious to the other woman and Mia felt comforted by his
attentions.     

Mia believed she had been trained well even though her Master offered no opinion
on the subject.  She always took proper position and tried to do everything she
was told.  She waited on her knees at the door when he arrived home.  Many days
he dragged her by her hair over to the couch as he dropped his pants. He had her
suck him off, first thing, without ever even speaking a word. Sometimes he would
drag her over to the dining room table where his dinner was waiting and have her
suck him off while he began his dinner.  Occasionally he gave her minimal
instruction, "Pay attention cunt." "Suck it deeper Mia, you know better, I'm not
going to stand for a half-ass attempt."  Oftentimes, after he had partaken of
his dinner, he would question her.  Had she followed his instructions for the
day?  Did she believe she had whole-heartedly sucked his dick?  Had she
masturbated without permission?  The one thing she had learned, the hard way,
was to never, ever lie.  If he punished her, it was because she needed and
deserved it.  Lying got her nowhere and inevitably called for far greater
punishment.  She still was in need of the required punishment but then she now
needed an additional, more severe punishment for the lying.  She had masturbated
once while home alone and had used one of the dildos while stretched out on the
bed.  When he came home he had asked her and she was frightened and so she lied. 
He produced a video of her masturbating that very day and he made her watch it,
again and again.  He made her describe it over and over.  And then he punished
her.  He punished her with gusto,  reminding her each and every moment as to why
the severity was required.  She must never forget this, about how she lied,
about how she took it upon herself to decided, to disobey, to disregard.  She
screamed from the pain, from the pit of her being.  She cried from
the pain, from the shame, from the fear that she had ruined everything forever. 
He had tied her and he used the cane on her.  This punishment reached deep,
wracking through her body.  She anticipated each connection and the unbearable
pain that actually took her breath away for a moment.  Following that came the
scream, after she had renewed her breath.  His timing seemed impeccable.  He
allowed her just enough time to grab her breath when he struck her again.  There
was no counting, no begging for more, her mind was in a total tailspin.  Her
emotions were rising out of control and her screaming was erratic.  She was
hyperventilating.  He finally stopped and left her tied for a while until she
came back down to earth.  He then untied her and she immediately threw herself
at his feet, sobbing uncontrollably, "I beg you, please forgive me, please,
please."  "I am so sorry, I am so ashamed." She blurted out almost
unintelligible due to her sobs.  He reached down and stroked her face.  He
pulled her closer as she gripped his legs






and he stroked her back as it rose and fell with each sob.  "I forgive you Mia,
but you must understand I will not and cannot tolerate your lying to me.  It's
far too dangerous and can cost both of us everything.  Do you understand?"  "I
do, I do, I know," she whimpered as she clung to his legs.  She was physically
exhausted from the ordeal and was relieved they had no further
discussion about this matter.  Not then and not anytime since.

As Master completed the packing, he instructed her on what to wear, head to toe. 
She began busying herself as told and soon she was ready, dressed and packed
just awaiting Master's final instruction before he set about trading her off for
the weekend.  Would he advise her as to anything about this other Master?  What
he expected?  What if he was horribly cruel?  What about who she was being
traded for?  Would Master ever share that with her?  Would he tell her about it?
What it was like?  Was this other woman better at pleasing him?    Would she
have to detail her experience for him?  She was relatively certain that she
would    She tried to push all of those thoughts from her head and stood at
attention waiting for the instruction of her Master.                                         


The END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  mia slave(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





