BDSM Library - Cathy's Latex Torment




Cathy's Latex Torment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Heat and latex at the hands of her Mistress. Will she ever know her limits?
Cathy's Latex Torment
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
by stephen parslow




Cathy's Latex Torment
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
by stephen parslow


Cathy was led into the room.
She had her hands handcuffed behing her back and was dressed in a transparent
latex catsuit that totally enclosed her from the tip of her toes to the top of
her head,her only opening to the outside world was  two small holes under her
nose.
Mistress  Scully welcomed her into her dungeon...............

"Hello my slave,i see they have prepared you well."
Mistress Scully walked over and started to caress her niples through the latex
skin,Cathy moaned as Mistress Scully pinched her nipples hard.
"Well little Cathy ,its time i intoduced you to some of my toys,you look cold my
dear,your nipples are erect,i think its time i made you a little more
comfortable"

Cathy was led over to a glass tube that was situated in the corner of the
room,the tube was the size of an old british telephone box but made out of
glass.Inside ,was what appeared to Kathy as an 'X' frame made from shiny chrome.

"Well slave" said Mistress Scully
"time to make you more comfortable"

With that the door to the glass tube was opened and Cathy was led in.She was
positioned with her back to the chrome tubing and her arms were secured high
above in a 'y' in padded wrist restraints.Her legs were then moved apart and
each ankle secured to the chrome with two padded anke restraints.Cathy was
helpless.
From the floor Mistress Scully opened a flap and pulled a metal rod from the
floor,on top of the rod was a ball the same size as a tennis ball and made of
shiny metal.

"now my dear,just relax"with this she pulled the rod and ball right up against
Cathys latex covered cunt.
With that Mistress Scully checked the restraints and left the glass room leaving
a parting kiss on Cathy's latex covered cheek as she closed the door.

Cathy tried to move off the ball but it was useless because of the
restraints,she wondered its use with dread.She looked around her glass prison
through her clear latex covered eyes,the floor was all metal bar a vent either
side of her spread feet,again she pondered its use and decided it must be for
oxygen as she would need to breath in her glass prison.
She also noticed Mistress Scully positon herself in front of some sort of
console in a large comy chair.

suddenly sound filled the glass prison from a hidden speaker.
"Hello Cathy,
I hope you are feeeling comfortabe my dear"
With that Mistress Scully started to operate a few buttons and turned on the
glass chambers controls.
"My darling,welcome to my enviromental orgasm chamber,i hope you enjoy your time
here because it will be your last.ha ha ha ha ha "
With that Cathy noticed Mistress Scully slowly turn the dial on her right ,
suddenly air started blowing in at force through the vents on the floor,it was
cool and Cathy was glad of this as she had started to sweat in her transparent
catsuit.
Mistress spoke again.
"i hope the temperature is right for you,i can adjust it anywhere from freezing
cold to roasting hot,and the ball that is wedged between your legs is controlled
by this other dial,it has ten settings,it is by far the most powerful vibrator
ever made,with that she turned it to one.....

Cathy suddenly started to moan as the most lovely vibrations started to flow
into her latex covered cunt.
"How does it feel my daring?" said Mistress Scully
"i will leave you on setting one while i play with you my dear,i hope you enjoy
your torture"
Mistress Scully looked at the temperature control,it read 17*C,she slowly turned
the dial until it read 30*C.
Heat suddenly flooded the chamber as the air blowing out of the vents warmed up.
"My darling Cathy,i hope heat turns you on as much a it does me,i bet you are
starting to warm up now my dear,i would hate for you to be cold,i bet the latex
is getting nice and warm,i will leave you for a while why i get some liquid
refreshment,i hope you are comfy and cosy my dear",with that she turned the
vibrator to two.

With that Cathy came imediately,it was imposible to get away from the vibration
that was so insistant and the heat in the tube was so relaxing in her latex
cocoon.
She started to sweat and tried to think of any other thing apart from the ball
betweeh her legs.

Mistress Scully returned.
"hello my darling,i see you are starting to sweat my dear i can see it moving
around your catsuit,i bet it feels chilly aginst your skin,would you like me to
increase the heat?"
With that she turned the dial to 40*C
"MMMM i bet that feels lovely"
Cathy gasped as she felt the air blowing out of the floor vents raise in
temperature,she started to perspire heavily now and succomed to a second
powerful orgasm,heat and latex had always turned her on and here she was with
both being used to stimulate her.
All through her life heat had made her so horny.She loved driving her car with
the heat on max and a dildo in her hot cunt or in her house with the heat on max
and wearing latex,a sauna to her was an orgasm waiting to happen.She loved to
wear her favourite catsuit and lay under her electric sunbed and sweat to a
powerful orgasm,yet here she was trapped and being stimulated by her old boss
who had become her Mistress with a score to settle.
She was brought back to reality when her Mistress  spoke again.
"My darling"You look so yummy,how about i really warm you",with that she turned
the dial till the reading on the screen said 80*C,as hot as a sauna.
Cathy felt the sudden change of heat almost straight away,it felt like an oven
door had opened.
She started to overheat in the catsuit ,sweat could clearly be seen running
everywhere in the suit.
"Cathy",Mistress Scully called
"I have to entertain a client,i will be one hour,i dont know if you can survive
that long but you will have fun trying my darling"
With that she turned the vibrating ball up to '10'.
From outside the the glass tube she could hear a scream and a loud humm.
Mistress Scully smiled at herself,turned the heat to 100*C and left the room .

Will Cathy live to tell the tale,keep tuned........for further episodes.


By Hotgent

If you would like further tales or would like to add to Cathys torment,or ideas
for future situations, please e-mail stephen.parslow@virgin.net




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Stephen Parslow


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





