BDSM Library - All I Want For Christmas is My Mom's Sweet Pussy




All I Want For Christmas is My Mom's Sweet Pussy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: He didn't want a computer as the Christmas gift. You know what he wanted.
All I Want for Christmas Is Mom's Sweet Pussy

by albert1228uk@yahoo.com
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~
This story was written as an adult fantasy.  The author does not condone the
described behavior in real life in anyway shape or form. Anyone tempted to act
out any of the scenarios in this story;  should seriously consider seeking
professional help.
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~




All I Want for Christmas Is Mom's Sweet Pussy

by albert1228uk@yahoo.com
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~
This story was written as an adult fantasy.  The author does not condone the
described behavior in real life in anyway shape or form. Anyone tempted to act
out any of the scenarios in this story;  should seriously consider seeking
professional help.
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~


I never gave incest any thought, I mean surely I have  had passing thoughts
occasionally but I am not some  kind of freak. Yes, my mom is young and
beautiful, and I guess I always knew she was attractive from the way my  friends
acted around her. But until I saw her  naked, I really never thought about
fucking her.  After that day I stopped thinking of her as my mom,  and in my
mind started calling her by her name  Susan. If I had never found those old
magazines in  the attic, things might have been very different,  and I would not
have been forced to rape my mother.  She really should have gotten rid of them,
or  locked them up. In a way this is all her own fault.  I guess I must feel a
little guilty though so I am  writing it down to sort things out in my head, and 
figure out what to do now. 

Thanksgiving was fast approaching and my  grandmother was coming for a visit.
Dad had died 2  years earlier when I was 14, but she still tried to  stay in
touch especially around the holidays. It  was tough though because mom and
grandma do not  like each other. It was an old argument, something  about Grams
not wanting her son to marry mom, and  that he could do better. Dad apparently
decided  that 5' 9" gorgeous blondes, with big, ripe tits,  and firm juicy ass's
don't grow on trees, and he  married mom as soon as he turned 18 without his 
mother's approval (mom was only 16).

Grams did not go to the wedding or speak to them  for over a year. Money was
very tight, and mom's  family was poor. Grandma had lots of money but she  would
not help, hoping to teach them a lesson, and  maybe even split them up. Mom
never forgave her,  they were polite around me but it was clear they  did not
like each other. Grandma was coming for a  visit. Mom went into a cleaning
frenzy. Technically  we have three bedrooms in our house but the third  one is
really kind of a storage/sewing/videogame  room.

"THAT woman is not going to talk about my house  being a mess," she vowed.

I was of course enlisted into the Cleaning Corps,  and soon found myself sorting
through piles of  junk, packing it into boxes, and carrying them to  the attic
for storage. I had just set a box down,  and in the poor lighting accident
knocked over a  crate.

"Shit like I really need to do some more  cleaning...Hey what's this?!

All right Penthouse!"

I thought I had found my dad's private stash. There  were about 20 magazines all
over the floor. As I  looked at them something was weird, they were all  the
same issue. The centerfold was a tall leggy  blonde "Dad must have really had a
thing for her.  She looks like a younger version of mom... oh shit  oh shit oh
shitty shit shit, it IS mom." The date  on the magazine was a year and a half
after I was  born. Money was tight, and mom must have posed to  help out. On the
one hand I was proud of her, it  took guts to spread your pussy for the world to 
see. On the other hand let's be honest, seeing your  mom with her pussy spread
and a big ol smile on her  face has got to cast her in a new sluttier light. I 
felt myself getting hard as I looked at page after  page of my mom's spread
pussy, and heavy tits.  It was that sweet-smelling,seducing pussy that got to
me. I stayed in the attic for 3 hours that day. 

I started to fantasize about putting my face right  in the sweet spot of her
pussy. What did it smell  like, how did it taste, how would it feel in my 
hands, I had to know. Now that my dad was gone mom  said I was the man of the
house, I began to feel  that I had a right to fuck my mom, maybe even an 
obligation. She was still a young,slim woman, and I knew  she had not dated in
the 2 years since dad had  died. Maybe she was waiting for me.  When I look 
back on it I am sure I never would have acted out  my fantasy if I had not found
out what she was  getting me for Christmas. It really is not my  fault, it's
WEBTVs'.

"He is such a good kid and this year I want to get  him something really
special. I can't afford to get  him a car, but by working part time at Sears I
have  saved $1,500, and with my employee discount I can  afford to get him a top
of the line computer. Oh  Betty he is going to be so surprised," my mom told 
her best friend in hushed tones.  I was just coming  down from another session
in the attic and  overheard mom's conversation. A new computer, I  could not
believe she was working a part time job  just for me. I was glad that I had gone
all out on  her gift too. Some people might think I had it  rough with my dad
dying and all, but as far as I  was concerned my mom more than made up for it.
Up  until about two months ago, I had really wanted a  computer.

Oh I used the one at school and the library all the  time, for homework and
stuff. But what I really  wanted to do was surf the net, check out the hot 
porno sites, and play the best video games. For my  birthday grandma bought me a
Playstation, and I had  been renting games from Blockbuster. $5 for 5  nights
was a good deal. About two months ago I was  at a friend's house and saw WEBTV
for the first  time. It was great!  It could do basically  everything I wanted
from a computer, and it only  cost $175. It came with a remote keyboard, I could 
actually videotape websites, there was a camcorder  hookup, and printer
interface. It would look  awesome on my 25 " television screen(screw those 
dinky 14" computer monitors).

Who the fuck needed a computer. Give me a  Playstation and a WEBTV any day for a
fraction of  the cost. Too bad mom wasted her time working all  those extra
hours... It came to me all at once, I  knew how I could use this to seduce my
mom. Let me  make this perfectly clear, seduction was my  preferred method. I
had no special desire to force  my mom into surrendering her sweet pussy and
tender  ass to me (although I did wonder how it would feel  to see her on all
fours, to spread her cheeks and  attack her ass. Would she cry, moan, beg for
mercy?  I would enjoy licking her hot salty tears from her  face; licking them
as they dripped down her neck on  to her sweet, full tits-but only if I had to)
If  she cooperated I was perfectly content to make love  to her.

I was committed now. If I had to drug her to get  that pussy I would. If she
needed a beating to  convince her that I was serious, well... I would  not like
it but she had to understand that I had  needs. 

"John come down here I want to talk to you about  your Christmas gift." I could
tell from the tone in  her voice she could barely contain herself, she was  so
happy to be giving me this present. I was pretty  excited to. If all went
according to plan I would  soon be unwrapping my mother.

"Mom I know what you are going to say, and I want  to thank you for all the time
and energy you put  into getting me this computer. I love you, mom. I  don't
want a computer anymore, though." "Well damnit  John what do you want, it wasn't
easy saving for  this, I think it is very unappreciative of you to  turn down my
present," she said almost in tears.

"Mom I am sorry but I just don't need so expensive  a gift. All I want for
Christmas is an  adult night out of dinner and dancing with the  woman I love
most in the world, it is YOU, Mom. Please  spend the rest of the money on
something nice for  yourself."

Mom was speechless and began crying from shock. I  went over to her and gave her
a quick kiss on the  lips and wrapped her snug in my arms.  "You, you  really
don't want anything else, just a dinner?" she  sniffled.  "And YOU mom. Frankly
I don't care all  that much about anything, what I really want is  YOU all to
myself for one night. Like a date, Susan  and John out for a night on the town
like an old  married couple. If I can have YOU, like that for  one night, it
will be a very merry Christmas  indeed."

"Wake up, my darling son, it's almost 10 am."

I woke up with a raging hard on. I had of course  been dreaming of fucking my
mom's 	pussy. Again. It  was starting to be a real pain in the...  well pussy. 
I did not enjoy waking up sexually frustrated and a  with a wet sticky mess in
my pants. Susan was  excited about our date. So excited that she decided  to
serve my breakfast in bed.

"Er, um, Hi, mom, I was just dreaming of you."

"Slide over, my darling, I made all of your favorites. We  don't eat together
enough anymore. You don't mind  if I join you?" she asked as she slid into bed
next  to me.

My cock was hard, my underwear were crusty, and my  bed had a big wet spot right
in the middle.

"No mom I don't mind at all."

Susan was wearing a Japanese silk robe my dad had  bought for her. When she got
into bed it gapped  open and revealed the sheer satin nightie she had  on
underneath. Her large firm breasts, and proud,  pointy nipples were prominently
displayed for my  viewing pleasure. They looked so soft and tasty it  was all I
could do to refrain from staring at them,  to stop myself from reaching over and
popping one  out of her nightie and try sucking some milk to go  with my
breakfast danish.  "So where are you taking  me tonight for our date?" Susan
asked coyly.   "Nothing but the best for my sexy girlfriend, YOU, mom, we are
going to the Paladin Club."

The Paladin Club is the most expensive, exclusive  nightclub in town. I remember
my dad took my mom  there for their 10th wedding Anniversary, and that  she
loved it. Ordinarily you have to make  reservations a week in advance but they
were not  too busy Christmas eve, so I was able to make a  reservation. Mom
squealed in delight and gave me a  hug and a kiss. I laughed and pulled her over
into  my lap. We used the remote and I held her in my  arms for the next 2 hours
and watched TV.

Mom let out this little sigh and kept wiggling that  juicy round bottom right on
my cock. I could not  help it I had to cum. So I squeezed her tight and  began
to slowly hump my cock ramming it hard into  her satin covered pussy.  I felt
myself slip into  that tight, warm crack, and I went just went wild.  I masked
it by pretending to tickle her. I know she  thought I was just innocently
hugging, tickling,  and wildly bouncing her in my lap but I was cumming  all
over her sweet pussy. Good thing the layers of my  underwear, pajamas; her robe,
panties and nightie  concealed my sticky wet spunk-blast.

"You are so silly John, stop tickling me before you  make me wet myself. Now
just lie still and watch TV."

I propped us up with a pillow, and kept my semi  hard cock tight against her
ass. Her tits were  hanging over my arms as she leaned back into my  embrace.

It was perfect. Susan belonged to me, and we both  knew it. She felt so natural,
so right, warm, snug  and secure in my lap. I didn't just want to fuck  this
woman, or even rape her into submission  (although I knew I would if I had no
other choice).  I wanted her to give herself to me, to surrender  willingly to
ME as her lover. I wanted my mother to  want me, to NEED me as much as I need
her, as much as  I want her totally, completely.  Shit if there was any day you
can ask for a  miracle, and have a right to expect it to happen,  it has got to
be Christmas.

"Thanks for breakfast mom, I love you," I said as I  folded my arms across her
breasts and wrapped her  in a lover's embrace. I gave her a long kiss on the 
cheek, as my dick gave one final spasm and was  content.

All day Susan walked around the house with a silly  grin. She was proud to have
such a considerate son.  Tonight would be fun. She had not been out in over  a
year. It had been a few months after Ron had died  and some friends had tried to
cheer her up, and  reintroduce her to the dating world. She felt sorry  for the
poor stockbroker they had brought along.   They had nothing in common, but if
the truth be  known, nobody would have been right for her. Ron  had been her
lover and best friend for half of her  life. Frankly she doubted if she could
ever love  another man. Except John of course. He reminded her  more and more of
his father every day.  6' 2" 195  lbs good looking, bright, funny; yep he was
his  Father's son all right. Even had that same mane of  unruly brown hair.

"He is going to make some young lady very happy. My  god I don't know what I
would have done without him  these last 2 years. Sometimes she forgot he was not 
a little boy anymore. She could not be 100% sure  but it felt like his penis had
gotten hard when she  was sitting in his lap this morning. Susan felt a  little
guilty. It had been so long since she had a  man's erection poking her in the
pussy she had almost  forgotten how good it felt. For a moment she had  allowed
herself to pretend it was Ron that was  holding her, instead of her son.

"Oh well no harm no foul, after all John is a  teenage boy he is probably hard
half the time  anyway. Nothing wrong with me getting a little  accidental
pleasure out of it." she laughed to  herself. "I am sure he would be grossed out
if he  knew what a pervert his widowed mother is."

Susan came downstairs in a tight black evening  dress. I could not believe how
young she looked.  She walked across the room and reached up to  straighten my
tie.

"Well do you like how I look," she asked as she  twirled around so I could see
her lovely rear also.

"Geez  mom you look so hot and sexy, if you weren't my  mom I'd have to kiss you
right now."

"Ah, Ah Ah tonight we are not mother and son, you  are my date, so you can't use
that as an excuse,"  she teased, half daring me to kiss her.    Nevertheless she
was very surprised when I tipped  her head back and began a slow, insistent,
passionate kiss. I loved the taste of her in my mouth. I slowly slid  my arms
down her body and lightly pulled her tight  against me. At first she seemed
surprised, but she  did not pull away. Finally she started kissing me  back. We
kissed deeply for about a minute. It was  not until I slipped my tongue in her
mouth and ran  my hands down the crack of her pussy that my mother  came to her
senses.

"Ummm, whoa, I guess I should not have dared you to  kiss me, you win, I
surrender. I haven't been  kissed like that in a long time. Who have you been 
practicing...no don't tell me, after all I'm NOT your  mother now. But I think
you got things a little  backwards, the kiss comes at the END of the date  my
darling. Come on, its time to go I don't want to be  late." With that she
straightened my tie again and  we were off to my first and so far only date with 
my mom.

We had a private room at the Paladin Club. There  were only a handful of Patrons
present. The small  Jazz band played softly in the background, and the  subdued
lighting made for a pleasant, romantic  atmosphere. Mom was the kind of woman
who liked to  let the man take the lead, so she had given me $300  in the car so
I could order, tip, etc. I felt  confident and in charge. I tipped our waiter
$40  when we sat down to ensure prompt service(I saw my  dad do it once and had
always been impressed). Our  Server never even batted an eyelash when I ordered 
a bottle of wine off the list.

"Very good sir, right away, and may I say this is  an excellent choice," he said
as he scurried off to  do my bidding.

If you are trying to seduce someone it really is  nice if you happen to have
known them for your  whole life and know all their weaknesses. For  example my
mom almost never drinks wine. She always  says it goes straight to her head, and
makes her  tipsy even faster than hard liquor.  I wanted her  tipsy tonight.

"Come on, mom this is a special occasion, drink up.  To the most beautiful woman
in the world. I will  love and cherish YOU  always. Merry Christmas! mom,"  I
toasted her and drained my glass. She followed  suit and I quickly refilled her
again. By the time we  finished dinner we were on our second bottle. I had  only
had two glasses, saying that I had to drive us  home. The band was quite good
and I asked mom if  she would like to dance. I waited for a nice slow  song and
pulled mom into my arms and slowly groped her  in time to the music. Her
inhibitions must have  been pretty low because she kept grinding her pussy  into
me, and cupping my ass in her hands.

"You got to feel my ass too, fair is  fair," she laughed.

I laughed at her and said "Every time you grab my ass, I  get one kiss in
return. So you just keep it up,  pretty lady, if you DARE." My mom has a hard
time  resisting a dare. Maybe she thought I was kidding  but she continued to
playfully pinch and squeeze my  ass for the hour and a half that we were on the 
dance floor. Finally it was time to go home. 

Mom practically sat in my lap on the ride home. I  drove with one hand and had
the other draped over  her shoulder. My fingertips kept "accidentally"  brushing
the side of her right breast. It was a  long ride home and I could tell that the
constant  flirtation and excessive wine had an effect on  Susan. Her body seemed
to be on Autopilot. My  Christmas wish was coming true. She began to  respond to
me as a man, as a potential lover. When  we finally got inside the house though
the familiar  surroundings seemed to act as a splash of cold  water to mom.  She
realized our "Date" was over,  and it was time to become "MOM" again.

"John tonight was very, very special to me. I have  not had such a good time in
years. Thank you so mush  for being a great son. Oh look it's after  midnight...
it is Christmas let's open your  present!" she slurred happily.

We went to the Christmas tree. There were only two gifts  under it this year. 
"John open yours first." she  squealed like a little girl hanging on to my arm.
I  ripped open the package of the large box and  surprise surprise it was a
brand new WEBTV Plus.

"Thanks mom it's just what I wanted," I said tongue in cheek and hug her
tightly.

"Goodie, lets open mine now," Susan said in a  breathless tone. She opened the
small jewelry box I  had wrapped and removed the 18 karat gold and Emerald 
necklace. Tiny green flakes were interwoven  throughout.  There design was
simple, four long  flat bars connected by larger emerald beads.

"Oh my god, it's beautiful John. I love it! Help me  put it on!" she shrieked.

I came around behind her and fastened the clasp  around her neck. "It looks
perfect on you mom, just  perfect. Read the inscription I had engraved."

"Susan, I love you. You are MINE  forever body and  soul, John."  "Um... uh
thanks John that is very ...  sweet, she said in a slightly confused tone.

"I am glad you like it. Ok mom I am ready to unwrap  my main present now."

Now she was really confused.

"But John there is nothing else. You said all you  wanted was the WEBTV, and a
grown-up date... what  else is there supposed to be?"

"Well for one thing I warned you that you would owe  me several kisses if you
kept playing with my ass.  It's time to pay up," I said with a grin as I  boldly
began kissing my mother.

My hands were roaming all over her body. Cupping,  prodding and massaging her
tender flesh. I started  licking her lips softly, and then went to work on  her
neck. For some reason I wanted to leave my mark  on her, to brand my sweet bitch
so that anyone  could tell she was my property. I sucked at her  neck loud and
sloppy until I was sure it would  leave a nice hickey. The alcohol seemed to be 
helping me. Mom was just a tad slow in processing  data due to her over
indulgence. All she knew was  that a handsome man was making her feel good in a 
way she hadn't in over 2 years. She let herself  enjoy it, without analyzing
until I reached down  and pulled her dress over her head and off.

"John, oh no, oh no, what have I done. We have to  stop. Don't feel guilty we
both have needs and just  got a little carried away, it is nobody's fault.  You
are my son and I do love you but not in this  way. Let's call it a night and if
you need to, we  can discuss this tomorrow," Susan said as she  gathered he
clothes and rushed to her room.

"OK mom,"

Plan B.

Mom had already taken her slip, bra and stockings,  off when I entered her room.
She was about to put  on a silk teddy, but had stopped now in shock at  my
interruption.

"John, what are you doing coming in here without  knocking, I am not dressed.
Please leave," she  demanded as she held the teddy up to conceal her  glorious
tits.

"I am sorry, mom, I would not have thought you were  so shy about nudity.  You
have a great body, mom, you  could be a model. Nah, you are way to sexy for
that,  I got it you could be a Penthouse Centerfold," I  said with an evil grin.

"You... know, oh god you were never supposed to  find out. John let me explain.
Your father and me  were very young, we had no money, a new baby, and  were so
deep in debt that we were about to be  evicted. Our only choice was to go
crawling to your  grandmother begging for a handout or to try  something
desperate. I would not ask that woman for  it, spit or shit. Penthouse paid me
$10,000. We  paid our rent and bought food with that money for 6  months , until
Ron was able to get a good job. I  don't regret it. If you think less of me for
it...  then you are not the man I thought you were," she  said as she broke into
tears.

I quickly scrambled into bed next to her and kissed  her on the cheek and let
her lean on me for  comfort.

"Mom of course I don't think less of you. I love  you even more for taking care
of your family by any  means necessary. No matter what happens don't you  ever
doubt that I love you more than anyone or  anything. Mom I have to tell you
something that you  may find difficult to accept at first. I need for  you to
try very hard to understand though. Mom I  don't just love you as a son anymore.
I have come  to a decision. You are my woman now. I need you.  I've  wanted you
so badly. I own you.  I am going to unwrap you, spread your beautiful legs open,
and fuck you . Now. I am sure this is a little awkward for  you so for this
first time you don't have to do  anything. Just lay back and enjoyed yourself 
and I'll do all the work."

With that I removed the rest of my clothes and  crawled on top of my mother. I
gently took the  teddy from her hands and threw it across the room.  Susan was
in a state of extreme denial. She did not  say a word as I slowly pulled her
panties of her  warm round bottom.

"Hu, what are you doing. John, stop sucking my tits  this instant. You cannot be
doing this to me. I am  your mother. This is Incest! This is RAPE!  My god, 
what is wrong with you, what the fuck do you think  you are doing!" she screamed
at me.

" You want to know what I am gonna do, fine I'll  tell you. I am gonna "FUCK"
you. First I'll lick you  all over your body like this. Then I will suck your 
sweet tits until your big nipples are nice and firm  like this.  Next I'll stick
my finger in your cunt  to see how sweet you taste. I'll bet you are delicious 
when wet. Hm, let's see. Oh mom you taste great an  dare less filling too!. Now
it is time to put my  big dick in your hot little snatch, my COCK is  going into
your cunt. I plan to fuCK, fuCK, fuCK you  for a long, long time, mom. Is it
fair, is it right?  Of course not, but then I am a priCK, so what do you 
expect. I am sorry but I simply don't have a choice  anymore. I tried to talk
myself out of it for  weeks, but I have to have you. I have to. I've wanted you
so much, I've needed you so much, I don't care for the whole world, I must have
you, mom."

"Please John, I am your mother. I love you and we  can get past this if you stop
right now. It is  wrong to fuck me. My god what if you got me  pregnant. Do you
really want to put us through the  shame of that. What would your father think.
Please  honey, stop right now before you make a terrible  mistake."

I took my tongue out of my mother's pussy and  thought about what she was
saying. She seemed to have a point.

"Ok mom, I won't fuck your pussy on one condition.  Mom, you have the sexiest
body I have ever seen. I  love your tits, how soft and warm and full they are 
in my hands. I love the smell of you, the taste of  your pussy. I just know that
once I start fucking  you I will love that too, I will never be able to  get
enough. See how wet and hot and tight you are.   Look at how my cock drools
making you ready for me.  Face it mom, you are made for me. But as much as I
love  your cunt, and your tits, I would give them up for  your juicy, round ass.
If you agree to let me fuck  your ass, willingly, enthusiastically, if you will 
participate; I promise not to fuck your pussy. Mom  I love you, and I don't want
to rape you. Please, it  is Christmas. Surrender your ass to me. I will be  as
gentle as I can".

My mom kept crying for some time, I held her warm  naked body against mine and
just rocked her. I  stroked her hair and made soft shushing sounds to  her. My
cock was snaking up between her thighs and  I placed both hands on that juicy
ass and rubbed  her lightly. I kept whispering ,"It's ok baby, shh  you have to,
don't worry. It's not your fault  honey.  Let go, surrender. There is nothing
you can  do.  I need it, I need you, I've wanted you so badly." I said  as she
laid shivering and naked in my arms, while I kissed and played with her luscious
body.

Finally she calmed down enough to talk.

"Oh god, I can't believe you are doing this to me. If this is the only way to
get you not to fuck me...  all right, if you promise to be gentle I will help 
you fuck my ass. But only this once. John, this can  never happen again. We will
just chalk it up to too  much wine, a full moon, Christmas fairy dust, 
whatever. If you ever try anything like this again  I will never forgive you."

"Thanks, mom, you are the best! Now get on all fours  while I lick your ass."

I slowly spread Susan's tight little ass apart. I  loved how her cheeks felt in
my hand. For a couple  of minutes I just played with them, Rubbing them 
together, pulling them wide apart. My mom's ass was  like my private accordion.
Her little hole kept  winking at me almost teasing me.  It was like her  anus
was daring me to stick my cock inside it.  First things first I needed to get my
mom's ass  nice and juicy. I began by licking up and down the  crack of her
sweaty ass. She tasted delicious! I  drooled my saliva all around until her butt 
overflowed. Then I spread her ass wide and shoved  my face in as far as it would
go and started  plunging my tongue in.

"John, oh god, oh jesus, what are you doing! It feels  so good, you are going to
make me cum!"

Susan screamed in pleasure as she spasmed and her  fuck fluid oozed onto my
face. She was rocking back  and forth from side to side and her tits were 
waving in the breeze. I began fingering her cunt.  (Damn she is one sloppy
pussy). I kept digging  around until I found her clit bump and jump.  I got you
now mom." I said under my breath.

I kept licking her asshole and rubbing my mom's  Cunt and clit, until she came a
second time.

It was time.

I saddled up behind my mother and she held her ass  cheeks wide open for me. I
stuck a finger in her  cunt and gently scooped several fingers of her  juices
into her asshole for lubrication. Then I  pressed my 7.5-inch cock  against my
mom's  anus and slowly pushed. It wasn't easy, in fact I  am almost sure that I
could not have gotten in  without her help.  I took it nice and slow. Finally 
after several starts and stops I was deep in my  mother's ass. I tried to remain
calm. Susan was so  hot and tight that I was afraid to fuck for fear I  would
come and it would be over.

Eventually I relaxed and began a tentative in/out  thrust.  Mom softly rocked
back to meet me. She was  great at letting me go at my own pace and then 
matching me. I intended to make this last for a  long time. So I brutally
pounded my mom's ass for 5  or 6 strokes, and then stopped to regain my 
control. 5 or 6 soft strokes and then bang 5 or 6  power fucks. Mom met me
stroke for stroke. She kept  clenching and unclenching her butt muscles. When I 
went in she relaxed, when I tried to come out she  would clinch tightly, If you
have never fucked a  woman who knows how to ass fuck, by all means make  it your
New Year's Resolution.

"Whose bitch are you, you beautiful cunt. Mine,  mine, you are finally mine!
Gotta reach the bottom,  uh do you, uh feel that mom. I'm never going to  stop.
Thi, uh, sweet ass, YOU are mine!!" I screamed  as I pounded her harder and
harder. I wanted to  make her bleed, just to see if I could.

I could.

Mom's ass starting making this wet squishy noises,  as I power fucked her. Then
I was reaching around her and  playing with her fat titties now. I squeezed and 
fondled them both, before settling into a hard  milking motion, All good things
must come to an end  though, and the twitch in my balls told me this was  no
exception. I did not know how many strokes I had  left but I decided to go out
with a bang. I let mom  have it for all I was worth. I let go of her tits  and
grabbed her hips tightly. I slammed mom back to meet  each powerfuck into her
ass. She was unable to keep  up. Her hair was flying everywhere, her tits were 
jiggling, and she was letting out these erotic  little whimpers and sobbing
moans with pleasure  punctuated by animal grunts as the breath left her body. 
At some point I lost control.

"Take it slut, take my dick, take it all. I own  you, I own this body. Oh fuck,
oh fuck mommy I am  cumming. Lick-Suck-Cock-Dick-Fuck-Prick-Stick-in it  in,
stickin it all the way in!" I screamed as I  came deep, down in the bottom of my
mother's sweet  ass.

I collapsed on her back and laid there for a moment  to catch my breath.  I was
licking her sweaty back  when I noticed that my mom panting, shaking,
owerwhelmed with orgasms.

"Spread your legs for me, mom" I said quietly.

"John no, please,  you promised..." she protested weekly.

"Do it mom, do it now.," I demanded.

Mom laid there on her back and did not move. Then  slowly, hesitantly she spread
her legs apart. I  climbed on top of her and began to kiss her  passionately. I
slowly moved to each of her breasts  and fondled and sucked them lovingly. By
now my  cock was hard again and it playfully rubbed against  my mother's pussy
lips. I continued planting little  angel kisses all over her flat tummy. I stuck
my  tongue in her belly button, and swirled it around  and around. My mom was
panting helplessly by the  time I reached her cunt. I started lapping at her 
like a thirsty dog determined to lick her clean.  The more I licked, the wetter
she got.  Susan  started thrashing around wildly at this point,  speaking
gibberish.

"Fuck me, oh it has been so long baby needs her  daddy, I missed your cock, I
need your cock, please  fuck me now. I am a good girl, please, you can fuck  my
ass later but I need that fucking piece of beef- meat in me NOW!"

I took my cock and placed it at the entrance of my  mother's snatch. I rubbed it
up and down her slit,  and pressed it hard against her clit button. I  glanced
down at her and could tell that she knew it  was me.  She knew that her son was
about to enter  her forbidden hole, and she did NOT say one word to  stop me.
She kept trying to reach her pussy so she  could bring herself off, but I kept
her arms pinned  over her head. Susan laid there teetering on the  brink of a
massive orgasm and did not have the  strength to resist me anymore. Her legs
spread even  wider and she bucked her hips towards my dick,  trying to impale
herself on my warm hardened cock.

"Please....oh god....please I need it." she said in  extreme frustration as a
thin stream of cum leaked  out of her. She smelled like sex. I dipped a finger 
in her cunt and fed her own juices to her. I began  kissing her deeply, stealing
her breath as she  panted and moaned and whimpered for a release that  she had
not earned yet.

Not until she acknowledged my right to her body.

"Susan do you want your son to fuck your pussy? Do  you want John to come inside
of you?"

"Damn you yes, anything but I HAVE TO CUM. Please  this is embarrassing enough,
don't make me beg. Do  anything you want to me, but let me cum.  Please,  Ohhhh,
please, fuck me, I'll..suck you later,  I'll be your whore, your slut, I'll be
your slave, but I can't stand it anymore! I need you, John,  I love you. Just do
it!  I don't care you make mom pregnant anymore. Fuck me, fuck me, fuck
me......"

I cannot resist anymore. I must have her. I must enter into her body. I must be
united with mom as one.  I pulled her legs up onto my shoulders and positioned
my cock at her pussy. I thrust my hardened cock into her sopping wet cunt  up to
the hilt. I rammed my enormous hardened cock into her cunt with a relentless
rhythm, my eyes closed with in complete bliss. I grabbed my mom's hips
clutchingly, each powerful thrust  redoubled another thrust, until loud juicy
noises coming from mom's  cunt and mom cries out in extreme delight, begging for
"More, more....."..

I moan and sob, "Ohhh, mom, I love you so much, I want you so much, I want to be
inside you forever, I want to be in your womb,  I want to return to your womb, 
I don't want to be separated from you forever....."   I thrust my mom's clit and
fucked her cunt relentlessly.  Mom wrapped her legs round my waist and let me
ride her, raking her nails down my back in her passion. We cling to each other
desperately, trying to burn each flesh into one flesh.  Suddenly we twist round
so that I am underneath.  Mom rides me like a stallion, her ass bouncing up and
down, her hair covering my head and she bathes my face in kisses.  My hands
gripped her buttocks clutchingly leaving white marks. Twisting again,  I and MOM 
are both fucking each other like mad, wrestling to be burned into one, and 
working to ultimately tremendous climax.    My headened furiously cock, foamy
with the well-chruned mixture of cum and  juice, is cleaving her cunt mightly
with every enormous stroke. MOM and I both gasping and shouting as our climaxes
approaching. I banged the tip of my cock penetrating into her cervix, rammed
into her womb, I shot lots of  loads of sperms juices  into my mom's womb, 
until she exploded, screamed in ecstasy,  and collapsed, her body spasming,
moaned with pleasure, panting under me.


Then I slid my fingers inside her juicy  pussy and sucked inside her cunt. I
kept pushing  those mixed juice out and licking them clean, before dipping  them
inside her again. Mom's contractions on my  fingers felt great. Mom's juice
smelled and tasted like honey.

But I knew something that would feel even better.

I pulled out of her pussy with a wet pop and  straddled her face. I presented my
fat smelly dick  to her and she began licking and slurping on it  without
complaint. She was too tired to deep  throat, but she was able to bring me to
another orgasm  anyway. She greedily swallowed my cum, and licked  me clean. We
held each other tightly and MOM was kissing my face again and again, until we
drifted off to a  well-earned and peaceful sleep.


I am going to try to be patient with her. She may need  time to heal to take
stock of what has happened. I  am her son, I love her so much and I will make
sure she  gets that time. I just got off the phone with the  Paladin Club to
confirm our reservation for  Valentines day. My mom's ass was very sweet, but I 
can't help but think  her pussy just is even  sweeter and better.   And I can't
help but fuck her pussy and embrace her tightly  every night when I go to sleep.


Please, drop me a line at  albert1228uk@yahoo.com 

Any e-mails to me (positive or negative) will  always receive a courteous reply. 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  albert1228uk


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





