BDSM Library - Debasement of Donna




Debasement of Donna
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Donna got a job and worked for a woman, who turned out to be a lesbian and quite dominant.
Debasement of Donna


WARNING!
The text in this file-story contains erotic material, including
very graphic descriptions of sexual acts and sexual-sensual 
situations, especially between a young and older woman. And is 
expressly written for adults only. 

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or-
if viewing this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close
or delete this file-story now.

This story is copyrighted 1996. The author expressly grants permission 
for this story to be redistributed free electronically or otherwise as 
long as the text is not altered and this notice stays with it.

Otherwise, enjoy!




Debasement of Donna Ff F/f bd sm ds PART 1.
Chrissy      clorens@hotmail.com



When I was accepted into the Master�s of Fine Arts 
(MFA) program in English, my father forced me to take a job 
in the 'real world'. That's how the whole thing got started, my 
introduction to lesbian-bondage love making at the hands of a 
woman who is old enough to be my mother.

Well maybe 'forced' is too strong a word. I live with 
my parents on the upper West side in New York City and had 
just finished my bachelor's degree at Columbia. My father 
paid a small fortune in tuition and was terrified that I was 
going to send the rest of my days lolling about in their 
apartment, collecting useless degrees. I find it highly ironic 
that my father, who works at a large publishing house, would 
call an MFA degree useless. 

But Dad, being a Dad, was adamant about me getting 
a job if I was to go on living with them. He said that a young 
woman like myself, twenty-two years old with a college degree 
should be able to support herself and her own apartment. Yea 
right! We live in a large rent-controlled apartment on the 
upper West side. When was the last time he looked at prices in 
the New York City real estate market? Be Real!  He suggested 
that I might fine something more affordable across the river in 
New Jersey. What is he trying to do? Destroy me?

Anyway I LIKE living with my parents. The 
apartment is old but comfortable and they work so hard they're 
hardly ever home anyway. And quite frankly the idea of 
becoming another working slob like them, and the rest of this 
crazy city depresses me to no end. While I was an undergrad I 
arranged my schedule so I could sleep late and come home 
early and watch cable or bring over my boyfriend, Paul. 

You see, I'm just not built for the working life! I 
avoid the subways at rush because of THE LOOK. You know, 
that look of haunted people schleping between work and 
office, day in, day out. They scare me because it seems like 
they're already dead, just going through the motions of being 
alive. And I just don't want to go through the motions, I want 
to be fully FULLY alive!

So, life being what it is and Dad being what he is, you 
can see how the deck is stacked against me. He puts out the 
word among his business 'connections' that his daughter, 
recently graduated from Columbia needs a job. 

Worse than that he even finds one for me!. Even 
worse than that my boyfriend Paul moves to an upstate college 
to finish his graduate work in geology.

  Arrrh! It's time for some damage control! I insist on 
working only part-time so I can attend my classes and insist 
Paul comes up on the weekends.

  The 'job' (what a horrid concept!) my father finds for 
me is through a woman who use to work for him. Her name is 
Lisa Lowens. I vaguely remember her as a tall, lanky blonde 
from when my father and mother would host office cocktail 
parties at the apartment. She now works for a different 
publishing house in the city.

  As jobs go this one could be worse. The official title is 
'research assistant' for the company's magazine division. 
Dumb reporters and columnists write inaccurate stories, my 
'job' is to do the work they 
should of done. I research facts and figures for their articles. 
It's amazing how they bandy around numbers with no regard 
to the truth.

On my way out the door for my first day as a 
'research assistant', I check myself in the mirror. A young 
woman, short but pretty looks back at me. I have straight dark 
brown-black hair which I have cut smooth into shoulder-
length bangs. I'm a bit of a late bloomer, my breasts finally 
fully developed in my late teens (no implants for me!).  I enjoy 
a healthy figure, not plump, maybe slightly on the thin side. I 
have a good appetite and enjoy food very, very much. I don't 
skip meals like my girlfriend Ashley does. I think that the 
extremely thin look currently in vogue is unhealthy and 
unattractive. I know for a fact that my boyfriend Paul doesn't 
go in for that 'skinny' look.

I'm dressed in comfortable clothes with black mini-
boots. Damn, I'm just too darn cute!

 But woe is me! I have to be at the midtown office at 
Nine in morning or I'll be 'late'. What a horrible word.  I'm 
on the packed rush-hour Number-4 subway going downtown. 
The train is filled with the living dead, and I'm joining their 
ranks! Commuters dressed in uncomfortable 'never-iron' 
synthetic clothes. Men and woman alike with ghostly 
expressions. Yep, it's yet another day at the office. 

Help! I'm becoming a POD!

 So I start my first real working day. In all fairness 
most people in the office are quite nice. Although my boss, 
Mrs. Takio, is a little intimating. She's a tall, thin, attractive 
Japanese woman. As my manager she insists on looking over 
my shoulder, making sure I'm doing the work properly.

I'm seated in a cubicle in the middle of a busy office 
suite. The walls of the cubicle seem to be made out of some 
kind of rug-like material. There is no, NO natural light. 
Instead us PODS are luminated with fluorescence lighting that 
makes my eyes water. The windows cannot be opened. Why 
would PODS need fresh air? I'm told the office has an 
enclosed HVAC system (whatever that means) that provides us 
with 'conditioned' air, well, that's just wonderful. 

 My tools are the phone and the computer. I read the 
stories, confirm and check the facts. My mind wonders. Mrs. 
Takio comes by giving me a nasty look and I try to look as if 
I'm working. I notice the ceiling tiles. The tiles are made of a 
creamy-wavy matte that will probably be found to cause all 
kinds of health problems tens years from now.

 There's a knock on my cube's 'rug'.
 
 "Hi, You must be Donna, Bob's daughter",  a woman 
asks.
 
 I look up and see a smiling tall blonde in a sharp 
business suit in the 'doorway' of my cube. I vaguely recognize 
her as Lisa Lowens.

 "Oh, hi, you must be Mrs. Lowens," I get up and 
shake her hand, "I remember you from when you worked for 
my father. I guess I have you to thank for this job."

 "Don't be silly, the pleasure is all ours, it's an honor 
to have a Columbia grad working in the research department. 
I'm sorry I haven't been by before to welcome you. How are 
you settling in?"

 "Just fine, just fine, the people are very nice here."

 "Yes, hmm,  we try. I have to run now but was 
wondering if you'd be interested in lunch today."

 "Sure, that sounds nice."

 Over the next few months Mrs. Lowens and I have 
lunch once or twice a week. We get to know each. For me it's 
interesting to learn how this professional woman runs her life. 
She's very curious about my life too. It's been a while since 
she was a student and likes to hear stories from the academic 
side. We both enjoy exercise, although Mrs. Lowens is much 
more serious about it than I am. She likes to work out with 
free weights and is quite musclar.

 As we get to know each other better we disclose more 
about our personal lives. I tell Mrs. Lowens about my growing 
frustration over the decreasing frequency of visits from my 
boyfriend Paul. She tells me how she and her husband have 
been separated for the past ten years but are still very good 
friends.

 Then there was the lunch where she told me she is a 
lesbian. We were eating in a quiet midtown restaurant. 

 "So Mrs. Lowens, when was the last time you went 
out on a date?" I ask while munching on my sandwich.

 "Oh Donna, please call me Lisa, Mrs. Lowens is 
much too formal, actually I date quite often. I had a date last 
night as a matter of fact."

 "Well, Lisa, you've been holding out on me! So, tell 
me all about him, what's his name?"

 "Donna I don't mind telling you all about it, but you 
have to promise me to have an open mind."

 "Oh, of course," I answer, my curiosity piqued.

 "Okay Donna, you asked about my date, well, he is 
not a he at all, but a she."

 "Really? Wow! Mrs..I mean Lisa, are you a a ah, 
lesbian?" I ask. For some reason my pulse picks up a little. It 
looks as if  I didn't know Lisa as well as I though.

 "Yes, Donna, I am." She answers, shifting slightly in 
her business suit.

 "Lisa, I can't believe it, I thought we were friends? 
Why didn't you tell me before today?" I'm a little hurt, but 
also intrigued by this side of Mrs. Lowens.

 "Oh Donna, of course you're my friend. I just don't 
go blurting it out to everyone in New York. I was just waiting 
for the right time and figured the right time was now."

 She told my about how she has been dating women 
for the past ten years and has a very active social life and is 
also into the bondage and discipline scene. Other then that not 
much changed between us. I continued to work part time at the 
company and attend my classes while living at home. Lisa and 
I continue having lunch together, where we joke around and 
blow off a little steam.

 Lisa seemed rock solid and knew what she wanted out 
of life. While I on the other hand was turning in a wreck. My 
stupid boyfriend Paul told me he's getting 'more into' studying  
geology. I was lucky if he came down to the city once a month. 
I was turning into a real horn-ball, spending more and more 
time locked away in my room with the vibrator. 

 Whenever I asked Lisa about her sex life she was 
always forthcoming but never pushy, I loved her for that. I 
began fantasizing what sex with Lisa would be like. I enjoy 
having sex with men and have experimented very little with 
women. Really the only lesbian experience I had was with my 
friend Ashley. We goofed around with tongue kissing after a 
party once. But nothing ever came of it. I think we're both just 
too shy.

 My 'Mrs. Lowens' fantasizes grow more intense. I 
find myself watching her at the office. She has a powerful yet 
feminine shape, with sharp shoulders and strong, long legs. I 
imagine what it would be like to be between them. She looks 
truly wonderful in a business skirt and blazer. I wonder if she 
would have any interest in a short twenty-two year old. The 
whole idea of sexually submitting to a woman twice my age is 
both terrifying and utterly delicious. 

 "So what do you do to these woman once you have 
them tied to your bed," I boldly ask Lisa at one of our lunches.

 "Oh Donna, you silly girl, do you really want to 
know?"

 "Sure, why not," I answer casually.

 "Well, if you MUST know, I usually kiss them, lick 
them, talk dirty to them and then fuck their brains out. 
Sometimes I go fast, and sometimes I enjoy going-ever-so-
slow," she answers with a smile and a giggle.

 "Wow, so how do you fuck them," I ask with a slight 
blush rising on my cheeks.

 "That depends on the mood I'm in. I have a strap-on 
dildo that I use sometimes, it gives me the wildest sensations 
on my clit as my lover gets the business end. I'm also the 
proud owner of a double-headed twelve inch dildo which is 
incredibly soft but also incredibly firm. That can be lots of fun. 
It's also nice to go totally raw, just pussy-to-pussy, clit-to-clit. 
But that's the heavy stuff. Sometimes I just liked to neck softy 
on the couch, depends on the mood I'm in."

 
 I attempt to concentrate more on my school-work. I 
barely hear from Paul these days. At night I masturbate with 
my vibrator. I pretend that I'm Lisa's love-slave, and that she 
has me strapped tightly to her bed and is fucking me silly.

 Things are busy at work. Lisa and the other managers 
are occupied with a new marketing project and we don't go to 
lunch as often as we used to. Occasionally we see each other in 
the hallways, she's all professional when we're in the office, 
but spares me  a smile once in a while.

 Let's face it, I'm going nuts. 

Every day I'm turning more into a POD. Those blank 
stares on the subway. The endless mind-numbing hustle-bustle 
that is New York City. People slowly working themselves to 
death.


 I finally decide to make a move.

 One day at the office I march right up the stairs to the 
manager's suite where Mrs. Lowens office is. I walk right up 
to her secretary's desk (who is very pretty, but I figure I should 
seduce one woman at a time here) and ask to see Mrs. Lowens.

 "I'm sorry Donna, but Lisa is not in right now, she's 
at one of the board meetings. You're welcome to leave a 
message or schedule an appointment."

 Okay, so this is a little awkward. I opt for the 
appointment. Apparently the only time available is TWO 
DAYS away! I can barely wait. I have constant butterflies in 
my stomach. My and my old vibrator and in for a wicked two 
days.

 Arrrrrrrrrrh!

 
 Finally I get to see Lisa two days later. I carefully 
dress in a stunningly cute mid-length black skirt and light 
blouse. I can do 'cute' very well, sexy is a little bit tougher for 
me. It's mid-morning in the busy office, but what can I do? 
I'm a girl with NEEDS! Lisa Lowens, the older woman of my 
dreams, of my nasty, wicked fantasies is there sitting in her 
executive office, looking oh-so prim in a dark tailored business 
suit. Her long legs crossed in black stockings!

 I enter and close the door behind me.

 "Hi, Donna, how ya doin?" She says smiling as she 
sits back in her chair, waving me in, "I hope you know that 
you don't need an appointment to see me."

 "Yes, yes, Lisa I know, but you've been rather busy 
lately," I stammer, suddenly quite nervous.

 "I know, I'm sorry about that, things have been a 
little crazy around here. We should do lunch again soon."

 "Mrs. Lo...I mean Lisa, well I guess I'll just come 
right out with it."

 "What Donna, is anything wrong?" She gives me a 
concerned look with those sharp blue eyes. Behind her is a 
great view of New York City, looking uptown over central 
park.

Well, I've come this far.

 "Lisa I want to be your total fuck-slave. I've been 
having the wildest fantasizes about you for over a month now. 
I submit to you utterly and totally, you can do WHAT EVER 
you wish to do to me. Tie me to your bed, fuck my brains out.  
As a matter of fact, keep me tied to your bed, fuck me silly for 
breakfast, lunch and dinner. I just want you to know that if you 
want me, I'm YOURS!" 

I blurted it out so quickly and nervously, sitting on 
the edge of the chair in front of her desk. Lisa, the tall, blond, 
professional woman looked somewhat shocked. But recovered 
quickly.

"Oh, Donna, my poor girl, why don't you come over 
here," she says, getting up.

Nervously I walk across the office towards the older 
woman. 

 She doesn't give me a tongue kiss, grab my ass or tits 
(which would of been fine by me), instead she just gives me a 
big maternal hug. I burst into tears and start bawling into her 
shoulder.

 After we both calm down a little, she knows just how 
to proceed.

 "Donna, listen, I enjoy my way of life very much but 
it's not for everyone. I appreciate that you find me attractive, 
many woman do. I think you miss your boyfriend a lot. My 
advice to you is to move on. You're really quite a beauty and 
there's many men in this office and beyond who would give 
their left one to sleep with you."

 "But, I don't want ..."

 "Okay, okay, you want to have a date with me?"

 I sniffle and nod vigorously. 

 "All right then, I'd like to go slowly, do you 
understand?"

 "Yes."

 "How about dinner at my place, this Friday oh, let say 
about seven?"

 "That sounds great," I say with a big smile and a 
sniffle

 "Donna, I liked you a lot as a friend, think about 
whether or not you really want to be my lover. If you have any 
second thoughts, and don't show I'll understand perfectly and 
we'll still be friends."

 "I'll be there."

 "All right then, now scoot! I've got a ton of work here 
and you've broken my concentration!" She chiles me with a 
smile. I take a deep breath and walk back to my cube.

 
 The next few days I'm walking on air. I buy a special 
outfit, a cute mini-skirt, stockings and get my hair done. I now 
have super-super-smooth bangs! I know it's a crazy, silly 
thing, but I feel like a teenager on her first date. And in an odd 
way it's true. This is my first date with a woman, and an older 
woman at that!

 Lisa lives on the upper East side, on Second avenue 
and Seventy-Fifth street, in one of those big East side luxury 
monstrosities. I take a cab cross-town. I'm so nervous my hand 
shakes as I paid the driver. I check in with the doorman, then 
it's up to the ninth floor. 

With butterflies twirling in my stomach I ring her 
apartment doorbell. After a few seconds my 'date' opens the 
door. Lisa greets me with a gentle kiss on the cheek then 
invites me in. Her apartment is huge. She looks wonderful in a 
long dark-blue evening gown. 

Lisa has prepared a light seafood pasta dinner. We 
take our time chit-chatting while we eat in her large kitchen. 
The lights are low and the table is candlelit. Soft, relaxing jazz 
is heard in the background. I force myself to slow down and 
chew slowly, and remember to breath, breath!

After dinner we retire to her living room. I sit on her 
overstuffed sofa as Lisa gets some red wine.

"So," Lisa says impishly as she hands me the wine 
glass, "where do we begin?"

"Um, are you going to tie me up now?" I ask 
haltingly.

"Oh Donna, not so fast, I want to make love to you, 
but tonight I think we should move slowly, see how you like it. 
Then if all goes well you can come back tomorrow night for 
the heavy stuff."

"Okay." I smile nervously and take a big sip of wine.

 "Also, I want you to call me 'Mrs. Lowens' like you 
used to, for now on."

 "Okay, umm, Mrs. Lowens."

"All right then, we'll do this nice and easy." She 
moves in front of me and takes the wine glass out of my hand. 
"Just relax and close your eyes. I'm just going to touch and 
kiss you a little."

Sitting on her sofa, arms at my sides I close my eyes 
and try to relax. The wine was very good and helps in this. I 
can't believe what is about to happen to me. To be seduced by 
this gorgeous older woman who has been haunting my dreams 
for weeks.

 I suppress a nervous giggle as I feel her long cool 
fingers slowly caress the back of my head, and then down my 
shoulders. I guess she's standing behind the couch.

 "Oooh, Donna, you're such a beautiful girl. I don't 
think you realize it, but you just ooze a kind saucy sexuality," 
her voice lowers to a whisper as I feel her lips press against my 
ear, "and I just want to suck it up." She slowly kisses and 
nibbles on my ear.

 I feel a deep blush bloom on my cheeks. Damm it! It 
makes me feel like such a kid. Lisa hasn't even done anything 
to me yet and I can feel my breasts perk up and a wetness 
develop between my legs.

 Lisa sits next to me on the couch. I'm still being good 
by keeping my eyes closed as she wraps an arm around my 
waist. She presses me to her and leans into me. It feels great as 
her firm breasts rub into my shoulder. 
 
 She begins to softly kiss me just under my neck, 
going up to my cheek and forehead. Her other hand gently 
traces along my thigh, mini-skirt, tummy, then ever-so-lightly 
to my breasts.

 "So, lover, how do you like it so far?" she asks in a 
husky whisper.

 "I-It's n-nice, I like it." I barely manage to stammer 
out.

 "I bet you do." Her hand lightly holds up my chin.

 "Donna, you can open you eyes now." I comply to see 
her strong angular face close to mine.

 "Donna I'm about to give you your first real lesbian 
kiss. It's going to be very wet and I'm going to use my tongue 
a lot. And you sure you're ready?"

 I nod quickly, looking into those wonderful blue eyes 
just inches from my own. Her soft lips touch mine. I close eyes 
again and tilt my head back slightly as Lisa increases the 
pressure on my mouth. Her hand holds the back of my head 
while she leans into me, kissing passionately. Her long body 
feels great next to mine. 

 As we continue our kiss I'm getting more excited. I 
push my chest out and open my legs slightly. I let out a 
whimper as her tongue sides into my mouth. My pussy 
becomes instantly wetter. 

I can't believe this is actually happening! She's a 
woman and almost twice my age! 

Our mouths open fully and our tongues swirl around 
each other. Lisa's tongue is long and forceful, she takes her 
time and explores my mouth with it. She breaks off but then 
starts kissing me all over my face. I kiss her back. 

Her hands press up and down along my body, this 
time with more force. I return the touch and feel up her 
curving hips, her tummy and then onto her breasts. We're still 
both clothed, but through her dress I feel she is deliciously 
firm, smooth and long.

 Lisa takes hold of my shoulders and lowers me down 
onto the couch. I'm now lying flat as the older woman squirms 
around on top of me like a snake. Her knee and thigh push 
between my legs, forcing them open and to squish against her 
pussy. Our legs are entwined and scissor-locked together. My 
mini-skirt is pushed up past my waist, Lisa's dress is in a 
similar state. We're both wearing stockings. She humps down 
against my thigh while grinding into my pussy with her own 
thigh. Clamped together tightly like this we immediately fall 
into a rasping rhythm. 

 "Oow, Donna, my little saucy one, this feel too good. 
If we want it to last we're going to have to slow down a little."

 "Ummm," is my only reply.

 Lisa sits up a little, our legs still entwined. She holds 
my shoulders and wildly kisses me on the face again. She sits 
up again and quickly unbuttons my blouse. Her hands move up 
my tummy and onto my breasts. She kneads, pulls and twists 
them through my bra. She reaches under me and unclasps the 
bra. I raise my arms as she pulls off and casts aside my blouse 
and bra.
 
 We stop grinding, Lisa kneels between my legs, 
forcing them wide open. Her hands grip my underarms, Lisa 
leans down and lowers her long tongue to my chest. I moan in 
pleasure as she slowly laps up my breast. She holds me firm as 
she opens her mouth to engulf my entire left breast. Her 
wicked tongue twirls around my nipple as she sucks up on it, 
then mashes her mouth into my breast slurping, twisting and 
pulling at me with her teeth and lips. 

 "Ooooh, Ooh,  Oh Lisa, Oh God, your tongue, aah, 
ooh, your tongue," I moan and gurgle as she serious laps at my 
nipple.

 I can't believe this is happening. It's as if I'm moving 
through a haze of pure sexual pleasure. This far surpasses my 
paltry girlish fantasies. I feel dream-like, but this is no dream! 
Her strong arms hold me to the couch, her questing mouth is 
ravishing my breasts, her long legs push insistently against my 
pussy and wide open legs. 
 
 Lisa smiles mischievously and leans up and reaches 
under my ass. She unzips the back of my mini-shirt. I push my 
lower back and butt off the couch to help her. She disengages 
from between my legs and grabs hold of my feet and brings 
them together. She takes my skirt all the way off. Then off 
come my shoes, and in one swift move she hooks her thumbs 
under my panties and socking and swoosh! She has finally has 
me bereft of clothing!

 She gets up off the couch, kicks off her shoes and 
reaches behind her neck. Her stunning dark-blue evening dress 
comes up and off  her beautiful long body. She stands before 
me in black bra, stockings and panties. Wow! She is quite 
muscular. Her exercise routine has really paid off. I'd bet she 
could kick my boyfriends butt! No doubt she could kick mine. 
Now that's a strange thought! She rolls down her panties and 
stockings and snaps off her bra. We're now both naked at last!

 "Spread your legs sweetie so I can eat you out 
properly," she says slinking to the couch again.

 "Oh! My," I  murmur.

I do as she tells me. I'm still lying my back on her 
couch, Lisa kneels between my splayed legs and leans 
forwards. She slowly kisses my soft inner thigh and then 
gently bites and pulls at me, working her way towards my 
pussy. It feels wonderful, her soft lips and sharp teeth on my 
tender parts. I open my legs so far as possible to encourage 
her.
 
 As her long tongue pushes up between my pussy lips I 
throw my head back and mewl in delight. She sucks, pulls and 
then gently bites my clitoris. This is the first time I've ever 
been 'eaten out' by a woman. Lisa's expert touch is driving me 
crazy! Unbelievable rolling sensations of pleasure emanate 
from between my legs, rolling up my tummy, causing my 
nipples to hardened and stand up proudly. 

 She continues to lap me, I squirm my hips around, 
trying to impale myself on her long tongue. Her hands reach 
under my legs and hips to hold me fast to her mouth. The 
older woman opens her mouth wide, her soft lips engulf my 
entire cunt. I feel her long, wet tongue moving between my 
pussy lips, slowly and deliciously she slides it into my pussy 
hole. 

 I whimper and moaning in ecstasy. She begins to 
pump her entire tongue in and out of me, slavering up my now 
copious pussy juice. She goes crazy sucking, licking and 
nipping my pussy lips and clitoris, mashing her lips, mouth 
and chin up and down between my legs.

 "Ooooh, Arrrrrrh!, Arrrh! oh God, Lisssssa! I-I-
Aaaaaaah!" My orgasm builds from the pit of my stomach and 
I spasm all over Lisa's face. I reach up and hold her face to my 
twat. She sucks and licks me through my orgasm. Laying on 
my back on the couch with Lisa between my legs I fully relax, 
feeling that hazy dullness of post-orgasmic bliss. She rubs her 
hands slowly up and down the inside of my thighs, it feels 
wonderful. 
 
 "You seemed to enjoy that sweetie."

 "Ohh, yes Mrs Lowens."

 "I'd like to go back to what we were doing before, 
rubbing pussy to pussy, except now we'll do it rawhid, I like 
that sort of thing a lot."

 "Ummm, okay," I tell my new lover. I have a 
heightened sense of being right now. I feel fully open to this 
woman, she can be whatever she wants to me now.

 Lisa look up and kisses my tummy, my breasts, neck. 
She moves up along the top of my body again, and gently 
brings her musky lips to mine. Her warm skin feels great 
against mine. I feel her gentle weight push lusciously against 
me as she snuggles over me. Her body feels fantastic, her 
mature breast press down on mine. Her hips push against my 
V open legs. 

Mrs. Lowens slowly inserts her tongue into my 
mouth. I open my mouth wide to accept her probing as she 
slides her pussy against mine. She slowly grinds her cunt into 
me. Our pussies squish and squash together. The sensations 
are astonishing! We're lips-to-lips on both ends. Lisa's tongue 
feels wet and big in my mouth as she runs it along the roof of 
my mouth. Our hips and pussy thrust into each other. We 
slowly begin to find a delicious rhythm together.  

 The pace of our pussy grinding picks up, Lisa kisses 
my face my with a gentle force. Our tongues playfully slide 
and push together. Her pointed clitoris feels great as it rubs 
into me. Our arms wrap around each other. She holds me very 
tightly as our rhythm picks up. I wrap my legs around her 
slender waist, my ankles cross against her back as I the woman 
tightly to me. 

 Here we are on the couch, two woman, separated in 
age by about twenty years, turning ourselves into one 
deliciously rutting beast and I love it! I'm pressed into her 
overstuffed couch, on my back with my legs around this sexy, 
older woman, she holds me incredibly tight against her body. 
My face is tilted back as she kisses me wildly on my face. One 
of her arms goes around my back and the other holds my neck 
to her, forcing us together. Her firm breasts mush and 
wonderfully rub against me, occasionally our stone-hard 
nipple make electric contact.

 We hold each other tightly, sliding, thrusting and 
rubbing together. This goes on for a while as our crescendo 
builds.  Lisa pushes forcefully and slowly into my pussy and 
begins to orgasm against me. Her tongue laps under my neck. 
She moves down near my arching chest. With both hands she 
grabs hold of my tits, pulls them upwards and bites and licks 
my nips. I moan and writhe under her, my own orgasm soon 
follows. 
  
 We lie resting together for a while. The naked older 
woman wiggles against me. She sits up between my open 
naked legs and looks down at me, rubbing her long fingers 
along my legs.

 "Hmmm, your quite a good little fuck. For the rest of 
the night I'm going to tie you spreadeagle to my bed and 
continue to screw your slutty little-brains out." 

END OF PART 1.
---
Suggestions? Comments? 
Chrissy      clorens@hotmail.com




Debasement of Donna Ff F/f bd sm ds PART 2.
Chrissy   clorens@hotmail.com


 "Hmmm, your quite a good little fuck. For the rest of
the night I'm going to tie you spreadeagle to my bed and
continue to screw your slutty little-brains out."

 "OH! Mrs. Lowens!" I gasp as she quickly gets up
and lifts me up in a bride-like manner. Holding me in her
strong arms, one arm is under my back, the other cradles
under my knees. I feel a wonderful sense of safety, being held
in her powerful arms. I am small and precious as she holds
me. She lifts my face to her lips and kisses me softly.

 "Ready to be fucked again, sweet cakes?" Mrs.
Lowens asks me softly looking down at my face.

 "Yyyyess!" I hiss back to my new lover.

 She carries me through her living room, down the
hallway and into a large bedroom. The walls are Robins-egg
blue, with tasteful recessed lighting and wood floors. The far
window looks out over New York City at night. In the middle
of the room is a king-size futon bed with dark bed-sheets and
pillows.

 Mrs. Lowens sets me gently down on the futon bed.
The bed sheets feel cool and soft against my naked butt.

 "Okay, sweety spread-em! I want you on your back
with your arms and legs straight out."

 I comply with Mrs. Lownens request, stretching out
my arms and legs and looking coyly up at my new lover's face.

 "Oooh," I gulp as Mrs. Lowens pulls out a leather
cuff from the bottom of the bed near the left corner. She
quickly attaches it to my ankle. In no time she has both my
ankles and wrists securely fastened to each corner of the bed-
frame.

 "And this little chain tightener on each cuff will
pulled you nicely taunt," Mrs. Lowens tells me as she fiddles 
with the chain on each cuff. Soon my body is pulled taunt in
the perfect spreadeagle position.

 What an unusual feeling it is too be bound
spreadeagle to this woman's bed. Pulling at my arms and legs
I realize Mrs. Lowens has left me very little slack. The dark
blue bed-sheets feel smooth and cool on my back. I'm naked
and completely exposed to this older woman. I have very little
freedom of movement. The leather cuffs on my wrists and
ankles are actually quite soft to the touch, but incredible
strong, holding me firmly in place. Being bound and totally at
Mrs. Lowens mercy really turns me on.

 She sits on the edge of the bed and softy strokes her
fingers along my legs, my tummy, arms and breasts. Mrs.
Lowens lays down along side me on her bed. The slight
jostling of the bed causing my legs and arms to stretch against 
my wrist and ankle cuffs, reminding me of my bound
predicament.

 This older woman..my new lover lays on her side next
to me and casually tweaks and caresses my tits and plays with
my nipples (which are now quite hard).

 "Oh Donna, I going to have a good time with your
sweet body. It's so tender and firm. Just the way I like it."
Mrs. 
Lowens pinches both of my nipples simultaneously. I groan
with desire and pull at my bindings. Her strong fingers treat
my breasts like soft bread dough.

 "Hmmmm," she says while closely examining at my
poor breasts. "I think it's time to make you into a nice tittie-
snack."

Mrs. Lowens lays fully on-top of my spreadeagle
form. Her well toned body and smooth skin feel warm and
slightly moist as she slides down against me. Her powerful
thigh and hip press directly against my pussy, her other leg
clamps against my right leg, grinding her own hot pussy into
me. Her hands hold the side of my body, right under my
armpits as she brings her mouth up to fully engulf my right
breast. I look down in amazement as the older woman's lips
stretch around the base of my breast. Her mouth feels soft yet
tight. She bring her tongue to play along my nipple.

"Oooh, hmm, ooooh!, mm-Mrs. Lowens that feels
very nice, y-you make my nipples really fell good." I pull 
against my wrist and angle cuffs, trying to push up my chest
into her mouth, but Mrs. Lowens has me bound too tightly to
her bed for much movement. I tilt and roll my head backward
in mounting frustration. Mrs. Lowens gently bites into my
hardened nipple.

"They are special deary, quite special," she says
looking up between mouthfuls of my breast. "And there mine, 
completely mine!"

With that she arches her back up and takes hold of
the base of each of my breasts, squeezing, pulling and
kneading them with more force than before.

I moan and whimper at her increased frontal assault.
The soles of my feet tingle and curl with pleasure. Her hip and 
thigh snake and rub against my pussy and open bound legs.

Still holding my breasts in her long warm fingers, she
bring her wide open mouth to my right breast. Her mouth and
lips engulf about half my breast this time. She sucks up
mightily on my nipple and plays her tongue along the top of it. 
I groan and pull against my bindings, that really all I can do. 
She's squeezing the base of both breasts now, causing my tits
to 'pop-out' slightly. She goes crazy biting, pulling, sucking
and licking my nips, switching frenetically from breast to
breast.

I roll my head back moaning, my hips bucking up
against Mrs. Lowens.

"Okay, I think I've snacked enough now." Mrs.
Lowens stops her assault. Letting go of my breasts she holds
herself over me.

"Aaarh, ooh, ooh, Mrs. Lowens, please, please don't
stop now." I pout and squirm under her firm body, pulling and 
testing my bindings. Our body's shared a sheen of slippery
warm sweat.

"Is my poor baby all hot and bothered now?" She says
smiling down at me while sliding her mature tits against my
own. She softly kisses my neck. I whimper and groan in
response. Our breasts slip and glide deliciously together.

She kisses me fiercely on the lips. I moan and open
my mouth as Mrs. Lowens inserts her tongue into me. She
breaks her kiss and looks down at me, inches from my face.

"Donna, I had no idea I would have so much fun
turning into my complete Bottom. You're really quite a little
slut, aren't you?"

 "Y-yes," I whimper looking up in her sharp angular
face. Her long blonde hair cascades down her neck, tickling
my bare shoulders. The older woman is fully on top of my
bound spreadeagle form. Her legs and hips wedged between
my open V legs, her breasts squashed into my own. The inside
of my thighs are pressing into her own muscular thigh. I
tremble with desire and lust.

She kisses the side of my face and slowly licks behind
my ear.

"Well, my little girl-slut, I think it's about time I put
on one of my favorite strap-ons and fuck your sweet young
brains out."

"Oh!"

She suddenly gets off my bound body. The shaking of
the bed causes my legs and arms to stretch out slightly. From a 
nearby draw she pulls out a good size strap-on dildo. I gasp,
not so much at the size of the thing, just at it's sheer
perversity. The plastic phallus is jet-black and thickly veined. 
The tip is a wide mushroom shaped head.

Mrs. Lowens comes back to the bed with the dildo in
one hand. With the other she feels up and down along my
pussy and clit.

"Mmmm, seems like my baby is ready to take my
plastic friend here. I call him 'Johnny.' Great for drilling
little 
sluts like yourself. The other end also gives me a lot of
clitoral 
action. Now stick out your tongue, deary."

I do as Mrs. Lowens asks me. She runs the black
plastic phallus, from base to head along my out-stretched
tongue. It tastes a little salty.

"That's it baby, get a good taste of all the lovers that
come before you."

Uck! I can't believe she making me do this. But I'm
too far gone to really care. I just want her to fuck me!

Mrs. Lowens attaches the obscene dong to her hips.
The older woman gets on the bed and kneels between my
bound open legs. She positions the wide head of the dildo
lightly on top of my pussy. I whine and groan as she looks
down on me, smiling.

"Well Donna, aren't we in a hurry today! You really
want me to fuck you with this thing don't you, my little
whore?"

"Oooh, Ooow, yes, yes...please Mrs. Lowens..."

"I want you to admit that you're a total slut now, who
belongs entirely to me!"

"I...oh, ohh, oh!"

I can barely talk. Mrs. Lowens takes short stabs into
my pussy with the dildo, and withdraws quickly.

"I...OH!...I..I'm a total slut and belong completely to
you, Mrs. Lowens..Ooh!"

"Just one more thing, every little slut like yourself has
a hidden, nasty fantasy. I need to know yours NOW! Or I'm
simply have to put poor Johnny away."

I'm going out of my head with desire! I twist and
squirm around in my bindings, trying desperately to impaled
myself on Mrs. Lowens teasing phallus. But it's no use, my
movement is too limited!

"Oh, OH! Pleaaaze! Mrs. Lowens, Please!"

"Tell me now Donna, or we'll call it a night and I'll
see you at the office tomorrow."

"OH!"

I blurt out my deepest, darkest fantasy to my
tormentress.

"Hmmm, very nice, quite nasty! Well now, are you
absolutely sure you want me to slip this thing into you? How
about it slut-face?"

"Ooooh, oooh, oh, ooh please..." I'm crying, I'm
shaking with desire. This woman is driving me crazy! Here I
am, spread-eagle on my back, tied to her bed. She's naked,
kneeling between my outstretched legs, her warm knees press
firmly..oh-so-firmly against the insides of my open thighs, her 
strap-on is firmly in place. I feel delirious, out-of-control as 
this older woman lords over my prostrate body.

"All right, sweetie, my little honey of a lesbian twat,
here it comes!"

Looking down along my bound body I see a depraved
sight. Mrs. Lowens moves her hips forward, her thighs press
into mine. The wide mushroom head of the dildo slowly enters
into my pussy, finally! The plastic dong feels truly wonderful
as it moves up inside me. She goes very slowly. I can hear, and 
feel a wet squishing sound as the phallus moves deeper into
my body. I arch my hips downward so the plastic dong will rub
against my clit.

A warm, tingling sensations spreads outward from
my pussy. Whimpering with desire my head shakes back and
forth on the bed, pulling against my secured legs and arms.
I'm in heaven.

Mrs. Lowens ever-so-slowly pulls out of me. I
whimper in disappointment. As if in response, the tall blonde
inserts the dong back into me. Then out again, and in. She
begins pumping me with a slow steady rhythm.
.
She closes down and top of me while maintaining
Sher steady thrusting. I can't believe I'm doing this! Mrs.
Lowens has played me very well, I'm completely turned on
now, countering each thrust back with my own hip movement
up. Our breasts rub together as she gets down on her elbows
over my bound form. She kisses me harshly on the lips while
looking directly into my eyes.

With each thrust I can't help but let out a little moan.
I'm so close to the brink. Mrs. Lowens slides her hands under
my waist, holding our bodies tightly together, still maintaining 
her in and out, in and out. This allow her to thrust more
deeply into me and gives us full body contact as she fucks me.

My orgasm blossoms out intensely from my tummy,
causing me to tremble all over and against my lover. My pussy
tingles, my breasts jut up proudly against the older woman.
Mrs. Lowens stops thrusting into me. She body feels great on
top of me, her tongue is deep is in my mouth, her thighs press
wetty against my own. I'm completely impaled by her dildo
and it feels wonderful.

She gets off me quickly and takes off the strap-on and
gets back on the bed. Standing directly over me she sits down
gently on my breasts, with most of her weight on her knees at
my side.

"Donna, sweetie," she says softly. "It's time for you to 
learn how to lick and suck my pussy, right now! It's very
important." Mrs. Lowens brings her wet muff forward,
towards my mouth.

"Oh, I.." I still feel somewhat dazed. "I never really.."

"Well, there's no time like the present, now is there."  She
grabs the hair in the back of my head and presses my face
directly between her legs. I'm suddenly overwhelmed by her
scent and wetness. Somewhat shakily I stick out my tongue
and lick, tasting her pussy. It's not too bad. I can't believe
I'm 
doing this!

"Oooh baby. That's the way.."

Over the next three hours, still bound spread-eagle to
her bed, Mrs. Lowens carefully instructs me on just how to
please her with my tongue. She cums on my face a number of
times.

She finally undoes my restraints. We take a nap
curled up together, totally exhausted. We get up a little while 
later, I'm floating on air. We clean up and get dressed. On my
way out Mrs. Lowens wants to show me something.


 "Come over here, sweetie," Lisa waves me over to a
corner of her plush living room, "I want to show you a few 
things"

 Lisa shows me her special 'equipment.' Inside a slim
cabinet she takes out an impressive array of strap-on dildos,
short fat ones and spiky long ones and all kinds of leather cuff 
restraints and what looks to me like a horses harness.

 "Donna, I had a wonderful time tonight, but here is
where my heart really lies. If you decide to come back
tomorrow night I will freely use this devices on your young
sweet body without restraint."

 "Oh Lisa, I will..."

 "Hush my young one, I want you to think about what
you're getting yourself into here. If you decide not to come
over tomorrow night, I will remember this wonderful night
always and we'll continue our friendship. The choice is yours,
I don't want you to give me an answer now, but think on it."

 "Okay, Lisa, I think I understand." My mind is
already made up of course.

 Lisa pulls out a what looks a small foot and a half
tall, two feet wide and three feet long platform for the corner. 
The top of the platform is covered in a thick soft-rubber matt, 
strange round metal 'eyelets' were installed on the front and
back and along the sides.

 "This is my little piece of resistance. It's a 'pleasure
table.' I can attach my slaves to it in a variety of amusing and 
accessible positions. If you come over tomorrow, I will secure
you, bound and naked, to this platform. As you can see, it
won't be a polite 'diner-date' like tonight, if fact you should 
eat before you come over, because I will not be server food, do 
you understand Donna?"

 "Umm, yes Lisa, I understand." I say as I stare,
transfixed at the 'pleasure table' before me. I become excited
just imagining myself attach to it and what Lisa would do to
me.

 "Donna, you still live with your parents, right?"

 "Yes, Lisa, I do," I reply in a somewhat embarrassed  admission.

 "Well, if you do decide to come over tomorrow is
there any way you stay the full night, into Sunday? I don't care 
how you do it or work it out, I just don't want anyone to get
worried."

 "Oh, don't worry about that, I'll just tell them I'm
staying over at Ashley's, it'll all work out just fine."

 "Great," smiles my beautiful, older lover. She gives  me a full,
 but soft, kiss goodnight.



 I go home that late that night as if in a dream. I feel a
constant level of excitement in the pit of my stomach. The next 
morning I'm pacing my bedroom and going out of my mind
with anticipation. I just have to tell someone, so I call Ashley, 
my best friend since High-School.

 "Wow, Donna, I can't believe you! She bound you to
her bed, and you completely ate her out?"

 "Yup."

 I tell her the whole story and about my next meeting
with Lisa. I think she's duly impressed and even a little jealous
of my new sexual experimentation.



 I work everything out, Ashley is cooperative about the
phony sleep-over. Lisa can have me until Monday, if she
wants.

 Standing in front of Lisa's door I feel my heart
pounding in my chest. I can't believe I'm actually going
through with this. I'm wearing a light mid-length dress with
tasteful 'cute' pumps.

 Lisa opens the door with a big smile and an intense
look in her eyes. Her hair is pulled back into a tight bun. She's 
wearing a silk bathrobe and killer high heels.

 "So, you've come back for more," she says pulling me  into her
 apartment. She quickly closes and locks her door. Lisa  holds
 me to her and pumps her long tongue into my mouth, I
gurgle in surprise and try to respond to her kiss. One arm goes 
around my back and presses me to her, her other hand roughly
palms and squeezes my pussy, bunching up my dress between
my shaking legs.

 Wow, this is happening so fast! I tilt my head back,
sucking up and down on her tongue. Her hand comes up to
fondle and pinch my breasts. Just as quickly she brakes off
contact on wheels me around, into her living room. I feel my
nipples harden and a wetness develop between my legs just
from that quick contact.

 "Ow, Lisa, we're not wasting any time tonight, are
we?"

 "No, sweetie, we're not, just a few things before we
begin," she tells me as we stand in front of her over-stuff 
couch. Memories of the night before flash into my mind. As
Lisa's talking she takes off the robe to reveal black lacy
panties and a tight black push-up style bra. I almost giggle, but 
she does look great!

 "Umm, Sure Lisa, what is it," I say nervously shifting  my
weight from one legs to the other.

 "Well, to begin with you must do everything I
command you to do tonight. This is totally necessary for the
scene we'll be creating, do you understand?"

 "Yes, Lisa, I do."

 "One more thing," Mrs. Lowens says as she spins me
around and begins to unzip the back of my dress, "I will
probably be the most dedicated lover you'll ever meet, but you
mustn't be possessive of me. Just like I won't be possessive of 
you. If you want to kept your boyfriend that's fine, you want to 
become the biggest cunt-licker in mid-town that's fine too.
You may see me with other woman from time to time, this
doesn't mean I love you any less. It's just that I need to be
free  to do my thing. Understand me sweety."
 Mrs. Lowens gives me an affectionate pat on rump.

 "I understand," I blurt out quickly. I look around her  living
room nervously, the low-platform table Mrs. Lowens
call her 'pleasure table' is pulled out to the middle of the
room.

 Mrs. Lowens turns me face-out towards the living
room, holding me tightly to her, we're both in our underwear
now, her pointy firm breasts press into my back sending chills
down my spine. As she presses me to her, her lanky, strong
body feels great across my softer skin. She begins to kiss the
back of my neck and hugs me close around the waist. Her left
hand reaches down and grabs me between my legs, palming
my pantied pussy, her right hand moves up and pinches and
squeezes my now-hard nipples.

 I can't believe this is happening again! I have a keen
sense of desire welling up from my pussy. My knees grow
week as I let this tall, older woman have her way with my
body. She roughly grinds the palm of her hand between my
legs and pinches my left breast, still kissing the back of my
neck.

 "Aaaah, Donna, your so lovely, I'm a lucky woman to
have such a beautiful girl in my arms," she tells me between  her
kisses on my neck, "we're going to have a lot of fun
together."

 "Donna my dear," Mrs. Lowens continues, "do you  see that my
pleasure table over there?"

 "Um, yes," I answer in heated nervousness.

 "Well, lover, take a good look at it because you're
going to spend a lot of time attached to it tonight. It'll allow
us  to take our budding relationship to a whole new level,
through
restraint your pussy and body will become a true tool for my
domination over you ..."

 Her voice trails off and I stare at the table. My God!
Mrs. Lowens is driving me nuts! I'm becoming quite horny as
her wicked hands slides up and down my body.

 "Yes, Mrs. Lowen, aah yes!"

 She hooks her thumbs in my panties and rolls it down
and off me. She unclips my bra and casually tosses it aside.
She takes hold of the back of my neck and walks me over to
her low platform table in the middle of the living room. I feel a 
blush on my face, it's from being totally nude in front of this 
older woman, which is kind of silly given what we did last
night.

 "Okay Donna, I need you to climb on top of my little
table here in a kneeling position with your legs well spread,
got it, sweety?"

 "Oooh, oh um okay," I say awkwardly. In a heated
whirlwind I clumsily climb on top of Mrs. Lowens 'pleasure
table'.

 The platform is thickly padded and carpeted for easy
kneeling, metal round eyelet's are installed along the edges. I 
kneel and await further instructions. Mrs. Lowens comes to
my side and grabs holds of my left thigh and yanks my
kneeling legs open even wider!

 "I need you to be fully open my dear, now put your
arms together and lean forward."

 I comply with the older woman's order. It's amazing
how exposed I feel up on this little table. Mrs. Lowens goes to 
a side draw and pulls out all kind of ropes and things. She
takes a few long lengths of long soft white rope and expertly
ties it around my knee and then pulls it taunt, attaching it to 
one of the side eyelet's.

 Soon both my knees and ankles and hands are tied
firmly but not too tightly, to the platform. As she tied my other 
knee, my legs were spread even further apart. She then took
my hands and tied them together to one of the eyelet's in front 
of me. While still on my knees, this has forced me to lean
forward on my elbows. so my back is now level and my ass is
sticking out fully exposed.

 "My, my my, aren't you quite a sight," Mrs. Lowens
says, rubbing her hands gently over my back and down to my
buttocks. "So, Donna, how do like being tied up naked to my 
little pleasure table?"

 "Well, it-it's interesting, I...ah..OH!" Mrs. Lowens  suddenly
pushes her pointy finger directly into my pussy.

 "Hmm, your quite wet, well you and my table seem to
make a perfect pair. Just a few more items..."

 I am becoming very turned-on while attached to Mrs.
Lowens' strange little platform. A sense of unreality and
anticipation hits me as waves of pleasure churn-up from my
stomach. My nipples harden and my pussy is now very
squishy.

Here I am, a restrained sex slave, tied up in the
middle of a living room, under the command of a woman old
enough to be my mother! I test my bindings, the ropes are
strong and tight, but not enough to cut off circulation to my
fingers and toes. I look out Mrs. Lowens' huge living room
windows, I get a nice view of the sun setting over the city.

 "All right now Donna, do you know what this is?"
Mrs. Lowens stands in front of me holding what looks to be a
black leather dog collar.

 "Is-is it a doggie collar?" I gulp. She looks fantastic 
standing there in her black lace panties and bra. I wish she
would let me suck on her breasts again.

 "Yes, indeed, it used to belong to my father's Golden
Retriever, Lilly. Unfortunately Lilly passed on. Now I use it to 
train young bitches like yourself."

 Her finger's gently brush the hair off the back of my
neck. She puts the collar around my neck and tightens it. I feel 
a strange mixture of pure mortification and excitement as
Lilly's collar closes around my neck. It as if I've become her
'pet' in the process of being house-broken.

She attaches a short lease to the my collar and then
pulls it down around a hook in the bottom of the table. This
forces my neck and head even lower, about 5 inches above my
bound wrists and hands, but the more insidious effect is too
raise my ass even further in the air. My poor pussy is
completely exposed to what ever Mrs. Lowens plans to dish
out.

 My lover, my mistress gets down on one leg and
brings her face close to mine. Her hand gently lifts my chin,
our eyes meet.

 "It's interesting is isn't it? My young one..."

 "What's that Mrs. Lowens?" I ask, looking demurely
into her intense blue eyes.

 "The more I bind you the saucier you become in a
slutty kind of way. Your young. petite body stretches nicely
over my little platform. The way your peachy breasts firmly
sway under you. Those pouty little lips," Mrs. Lowen is talking 
softy now as she slowly closes in on my face, a wild blush
blooms again across my cheek, for some reason I struggle
slightly in my bonds, "which I'm just going to have to kiss."

 This older woman lowers her lips to mine to in what
at first is a gentle kiss. Her lips are soft and firm as they
press  against mine. I tremble slightly as her kiss becomes more
urgent. She holds my face in her hands, tilting my head
upwards. I whimper and moan, pulling at my bindings, I'm
quite hot now. Her tongue forces my mouth open and swirls
around my mouth, slathing against my own tongue. She breaks
off the kiss and stands up. I wish she would get to it and put
on the strap-on dildo or whatever.

 "Ah, how sweet are the young," she says while
tracing a finger along my spine.

 "Please, Mrs. Lowens, I believe I'm ready for your
dildo now," I shake as I say it, I can't believe I'm actually 
saying such thing!

 "...and impatient too, we have the next two days
together, right?"

 "Umm, yes."

 "Well, relax my little slut, we have plenty of time,"  Mrs.
Lowens says behind me, rustling among her equipment.

 When she returns she holding what looks like two
mini-vises attached to springs and ending with a hook. I
immediately shutter upon viewing these new 'devices.'

 "Now relax my little one, no need to be nervous," her  right
hands runs under my belly and gently squeezes my
breasts. Her left hands hold these 'mini-vises' in front of my
face. "Now it's all going to be all-right. These are nipples-
clamps with some nice springs on them. I'm going to clamp
them tightly to your tender nipples, then hook the springs to
eyelet's on the platform here. These clamps will greatly
heighten your experience of our love-making."

 "Umm, Mrs. Lowens, maybe we could skip the
nipp...oh! oh! OH!," I'm taken by surprise as Mrs. Lowens  leans
under me and takes my breast into her mouth. She
roughly ravishes my poor tits with her fingers, month, lips and 
teeth. Pinching each breast in her hand, she bites and sucks on 
my nipples. I pull my arms and legs against the ropes holding
me fast to the table. I am completely bound and totally at the
older woman's mercy. My pussy is very wet now, I wish she
would stuff something into it!

 "Oow, oh, Mrs. Lowens, please, please I not sure..." 

 "Hush, you little whore," she says as she's
concentrating on my left breast, pulling out my nipple.

 "Okay, now I'm about to attach your first nipple
clamp. I'm sure this will be the first of many, many more to
come, because you have the perfect nipples for it, soft, long
and tender, the clamp has plenty to bit into here. Sure, you
may be a little uncomfortable to begin with, but in an hour or
two you'll be thanking me when that darling little pussy of
yours starts cumming in buckets."

 I can't believe what I'm hearing! My pussy juice is
beginning to run down my legs. Hours? Just how long does she
intend to keep me tied up like this? Will she really attach me
to those mean-looking 'nipples-clamps.'

 "Um, oh God!, Um Mrs. Lowww-ens? I ah..aah aarh
aaarhhhhh oooooow!"

 I feel the bit of the metal against my left nipple as
Mrs. Lowens quickly tightens the clamp. A strange mixture of
pure pain and intense pleasure shoots out from my left breast. I 
groan deeply and roll my head back and forth as tears of
frustration and discomfort roll down my cheeks. I lower my
head and brace myself for the right nipple clamp. Mrs.
Lowens' deft fingers pull and tease the nipple, when the clamp
bites I whimper, moan and sob with my head down between
my arms.

 "Oh, come on now, take it like the easy bitch I know
you are! These are baby clamps and springs to just get you
started. I've clamped women and girls smaller than you with
much bigger and nastier clamps than these puny things," she  run
her hands over my breast, pulling at my newly attached
clamps. I moan and whimper, shake and shutter.

 "Besides I haven't attached the springs to the eyelet's
yet."

 "Oh god, Oh god, M-Mrs. Lowen, Please I'm just not
use too..I....OOOH!" I manage to stammer out as she attaches  the
spring and hook dangling from the bottom of the nipple
clamp to the lower eyelet on the side of my 'platform.'

END OF PART 2.




Debasement of Donna Ff F/f bd sm ds PART 3.
Chrissy      clorens@hotmail.com


 "Oh god, Oh god, M-Mrs. Lowen, Please I'm just not 
use too..I....OOOH!" I manage to stammer out as she attaches 
the spring and hook dangling from the bottom of the nipple 
clamp to the lower eyelet on the side of my 'platform.'

 My right nipple and breast are pulled downward 
slightly. She attaches the spring and hook dangling from my 
left breast as well. Now my nipples are clamped and attached 
to short springs on the eyelet hook. Now if I move or sway left 
or right, or forwards and backwards, my clamped nipples will 
be pulled downward in the opposite direction. 

 "Oooh, oh God, Mrs. Lowens, you really got me 
secured here, that's for sure."

 "Yes, Donna, that's the idea. Now lets take a look of 
that little pussy of yours!"

 The older woman gets directly behind me. I can feel 
her fingers sliding up the insides of my thigh. Never before 
have I felt so totally exposed. Her fingers trace through the 
pussy juice dripping down the inside of my legs. 

 "Hmm, very nice, you're certainly a wet little whore 
back here aren't you?"

 I don't know why, but whenever she calls my a 
'whore' or  'bitch' or 'slut' I just get more turned-on. How do 
I answer such a question? By now I'm truly beginning to go 
out of my mind with lust!

 I feel her thumb on the bottom of my pussy lips, then 
with a sudden loud  "squish" she inserts it, full-length into my 
pussy. I'm pushed forward slightly causing my nipples to 
stretch downward and backward. Then she slowly moves her 
wonderful thumb forward slightly, sliding it deliciously along 
my clitoris.

 "Oh, oh aah, Mrs. Lowens that feel so good."

 "Tell me little one, I don't suppose you've ever been 
bound and fucked in front of a group of people?" she asks me 
as she gently massages my inner pussy lip with her wonderful 
thumb and hand.

 "Oh God, Well, aaah, well no I guess not," I stammer

It's hard to concentrate as I try to gyrate my hips 
against her beautiful hand. I try to push myself into her thumb 
but I'm thwarted by the fact that my nipples are 'hard-wired' 
into the table. I find myself testing just how far I can really 
'stretch.' I realize that Mrs. Lowens knows exactly what she's 
doing, setting up this terrible dilemma for me. 

 She take her hand away. I whimper and moan, 
twisting in my bindings. I hear her rummaging through her 
stuff. I brace myself for whatever is next.

 "Have you ever seen one of these?" The older woman 
holds a funny, squat looking dildo in front of my head. It's 
bumpy black molded plastic with a spiky head, about five 
inches long, fat in the middle, then thinning off until it flares 
out into a wide disc. 

 "Um, No, Mrs. Lowen, I've never seen anything like 
it before."

 "Good, good because one of my friends is publicly 
going to very slowly fuck you up the ass with it. Since this 
night is going along so well we'll make a bit of a party of it. 
Let's invite some friends over to document this special event!"

 I gulp and turn white.

 "P-public? D-D�document, h-how do you mean, 
document?"

 "With video and photos of course, you silly girl!"

 "Oh, oh, Mrs. Lowens please, no friends please, this 
is just between the two of us. I don't know how much I can 
take..." I'm trembling and shaking, my pussy is openly 
drooling. Here I am, tightly bound, nipples and all, to her 
special 'pleasure table'. Getting fucked in front of a group of 
total strangers would just push me over the edge.

 "Well, I'm a firm believer in sharing among my 
special friends, and you're just too good to keep to myself. I'm 
also beginning to realize that you're a bit of a complainer, and 
I have the perfect cure for that. You'll be so cute with those 
pouty little lips stretched around a nice, big red gagball, I 
know I have one somewhere here..."

 In no time she's standing in front of me with a big 
red ball with two ropes coming out of it. Mrs. Lowens holds 
the bottom of my chin, bringing my eyes up to look directly 
into hers.

 "Donna, I think you know where my little scene with 
you is going tonight. My friends and I are going to completely 
humiliate you. We're going to perform perverse acts on your 
bound and gagged body, probably by fucking you in both holes 
at once." Mrs. Lowens gently caresses my bare backside with 
her hand, which only serves to further my mounting 
frustration. "Donna, my little dear, I want to give you a chance 
to leave, right now if you'd like, no questions asked. I'll still 
be your special friend, always. In a little while our scene here 
is going to get very intense for a young woman like yourself. 
So how about it Donna? Leave now or enjoy the ride?"

 "Oh, Mrs. Lowens, please, I'll stay, I'll stay." I blurt 
out quickly.

 "Great."

 She tells me about the special safe-gestures I can use 
if I want to quick.

 "Well, now that that's out of the way, open-up 
sweetie." I am beyond resistance. I open my mouth wide and 
she stuffs the soft plastic ball into my mouth. For a moment I 
fear I'm going to choke on it, but it stops at my mouth. Indeed 
my lips do stretch thin around the ball. The ball forces my 
mouth to open as wide as it's ever been. My lips and cheeks to 
push forward and my tongue is pinned to the bottom of my 
mouth. Mrs. Lowens ties the ball-gag tightly behind my head.

 "Mmmf, mmf, mmmf!"

 "There, there now that's a good little slut isn't it?" 
She tussles my hair slightly. If only she would shove one of 
her many thick dildos or vibrators in my pussy. I'm totally 
ready!

Being bound to the low table like this and having my 
nipples clamps and mouth gagged is making me unbelievably 
horny! Nothing like this has ever happened to me before. The 
restraints on my legs and hands hold me tight to the table. I'm 
on my elbows and knees with my head down. I can move a 
tiny bit, but the attached springs on my clamped nipples gives 
me good reason to hold as still as possible! I am completely 
open to this older woman, she can do whatever she wants to 
me now. This situation is turning me on to no end! Waves of 
tingling pleasure roll-up from my pussy!

  "Just one more thing, I'll need to tie a scarf around 
your eyes, just in case there's someone you know coming over 
for our special event tonight, it just saves a lot of 
embarrassment to everybody." Suddenly my world goes dark 
as I feel Mrs. Lowens gentle hand tying another knot around 
my head.

 Someone I know? I twist and turn against my bonds 
and try to talk but it comes out only as "mmmf!" Just how far 
I'm I going to be humiliated tonight? Why am I so turned on 
by this? My pussy continues to dribble down the back of my 
thighs. And people are going to see me like this! OhMyGod! 
What have I gotten myself into?

 The next twenty minutes are excruciating slow for 
me, in my bound, mute and blind world. Every time I move or 
shift slightly I feel my sore nipples are pulled by Mrs. Lowens 
wicked spring-clamps. 

 Mrs. Lowens is in her bedroom, making a long series 
of calls for her 'special event' tonight. I can hear snippet of 
her conversions:

"Yes, yes the poor thing is tied up right with 
the wettest pussy I ever seen, yes you know 
how some young woman are...."

"She's blindfolded and gagged, yes, photo 
are encouraged!"

 "No, no, no I plan to have her for the rest of 
the night..."


 I hear Mrs. Lowens return from the bedroom.

 I try to communicate, but it only comes out as 
desperate whimpering and moaning.  

 "Hang in there my sweet little tramp. The guests will 
be arriving soon. I know at this point you desire penetration in 
the worst way, well it won't be long now. And let me just say 
now you look truly divine, bound and clamped, with your little 
pussy oozing all over the backs of your thighs, simply lovely." 

 I gulp and nod. I can't believe this is happening! I'm 
a mass of crazy sensations, slowly rocking back and forth on 
her 'pleasure table.' Being bound on my elbows and knees, 
blindfolded and ballgaged I find my sense of hearing acute as 
Mrs. Lowens shuffles around the apartment getting ready for 
her 'guests.' I can't believe people will be viewing me in such 
a state!

 Her doorbell rings and she briefly talks to the 
doorman. 

 "Our guests will be right up sweet-ums, they're in the 
elevator now."

 I moan and whimper and pull at my bonds. She going 
to display me like some kind of farm-animal!  Despite myself 
my pussy is churning out juice, which is indignantly oozing 
down my legs. I must be dripping on Mrs. Lowens carpeted 
platform.

 The door buzzer rings and I hear it open and hear the 
sound of a number of people shuffling in. I can't believe this is 
happening! I'm completely mortified and embarrassed being 
seen like this, bound, clamped and naked with my bare pussy 
waving around in the air. I am also strangely thrilled and 
turned-on by my compromised position. In Mrs. Lowens 
bondage I'm find a total sensual liberation!

 "Please, please come into the living room, that's 
where she's tied-up, and shh!" I hear my mistress admonish 
her guests.

 I hear the group moving into the living. A shiver rolls 
up and down my spine. The group giggles. I hear their hushed 
exclaims as they view my bound and gagged state.

 "Wow!"

 "Nice, very nice."

 "Unbelievable, it really is Donna!" 

 "Oh my! She's oozing!

 "Mmmm, I like the way the little bitch's tit's 
are stretched!"

Oh God! I all most faint! All the voices are female, 
and some a vaguely familiar. It sounds like they're around the 
couch, with a full view of my ass and pussy! 

"Can someone help me move the little slut's platform 
around, so you all can get a nice side-view of the night's 
activities. Yes that fine, setup the video wherever it'll work 
best."

Video?

I feel people moving my platform around. Every 
shakes and wobble translates to the springs pulling on my 
poor, clamped nipples! Anyone on the couch now must have  a 
profile side-view of my prostrate body.

"Thank you, thank you," Mrs. Lowens says as her 
fingers lightly trace up and down my back. I tremble at her 
touch, never have I felt more exposed, or turned on.

"Look and behold Ladies. Yet another young bitch is 
professionally attached to my 'pleasure table.' And doesn't she 
look quite good in her predicament here? It's as if this slut was 
born to be on her hands and knees. Lets take a tour of my little 
whore's body."

I groan and tremble as I hear her walk around to my 
front.

 "I just love the way her mouth takes the gag, notice 
how these pouty lips deliciously stretch around the ball." Her 
fingers move through my hair and pull up my head towards 
the crowd. Her wicked fingers trail around my ball-gag 
engulfed lips.

Mrs. Lowens moves down my body, she reaches 
under me and gently holds my clamped breasts. Even her 
slight touch causes the springs to pull on my sore nipples!

"And just look at these beautiful, peachy, young 
breasts. This little whore has great long nipples, don't they 
look great in these clamps. She's also very sensitive, watch 
what happens when I pull on the attached springs." 

My torturess cruelly pulls down on my nipples 
'springs.' Pain and pleasure wash over me through my 
clamped breasts. 

"Mmmmmmf! Mmmmmmfth!" I moan and shake 
against my bindings as her guests murmur and giggle in 
response to my dilemma. 

Her fingers travel up, then down my back. She gently 
caresses my bare ass.

"And here's is my little slut's, 'piece de resistance,' 
her gorgeous, saucy butt, and her cute pussy. These are the 
reasons why you're all  here tonight." Mrs. Lowens cool 
fingers knead and pinch my ass, I moan and squirm around. 
My God! This older woman has turned me into a sex-show for 
her friends!

"What do you think folks? Isn't this beautiful young 
butt just crying out to be punished?"

Punished? I gulp and tremble in my bonds. Since I'm 
still blindfolded I can only hear her guests titter. Mrs. Lowens 
fingers trace down my ass and thighs, grazing my oozing 
pussy.

"Hmmm very nice, Perhaps the judicious application 
of a paddle to young Donna's ass here would do the trick 
nicely. How many wacks do you think our little slut can take?"

Her guests giggle once again. I hear Mrs. Lowens 
moving around the living room. I hear women's voices call out 
their feelings about how many 'wacks' my poor bottom can 
take!

"Thirty, at least thirty for an ass like that."

"Thirty? This little bitch could take at least forty, 
maybe fifty!"

"I believe our saucy little wench here needs one 
hundred stiff wacks!"

Bound fast to Mrs. Lowens pleasure table, on my 
elbows and knees, I tremble and twist in my bindings. My poor 
clamp nipples are sore. One hundred wacks? Her 'guests' are 
absolutely relentless!

 "Well, poor Donna is new to this scene. Lets start her 
off easy," I hear Mrs. Lowens tell the crowd. I feel a broad, 
cold surface caressing my ass. She must be standing near me 
with paddle in hand. "I think ten good wacks will do our little 
bound lady a world of good."
 
 In relief I sigh into my ballgag. The crowd grumbles 
in disappointment. 

 The first wack hits me hard on the ass. A sudden 
sting and intense heat rises from my rear. But what's so 
devilish is that I'm suddenly push forward in my bent-over 
and bound state. My clamped and hardwired nipples are pulled 
backward as the force of the blow pushes me forward! Mrs. 
Lowens planed this from the start!

 "Woommmh! Owwwmmmph!" I moan and groan 
uncontrollably with my blindfolded and gagged head down.

 "One!" Mrs. Lowens quips triumphantly.  

 As the spanking proceeds it has a delirious effect on 
me; the sharp sting on my ass, the pull on my clamped breasts. 
Mrs. Lowens has purposely forced me into this predicament, a 
crazy zigzagging of pain and pleasure washes through my 
prostrate body 

It seems like an eternity, but the count finally gets to 
ten. My lips quiver around the large rubber ballgag, tears run 
down past the blindfold and streak across my hot face.

"There, there my little strumpet, that wasn't so bad 
was it?" Mrs. Lowens comforts me as her fingers trace lightly 
along my spanked bottom, her guests giggle. 

"Wow! Donna," Mrs. Lowens tells me. "Your saucy 
little ass is quite hot. Okay, the time has finally come. Let's 
face it, our young whore here is sizzling and  needs relief fast. 
I already fucked this little cunt once the other night, and now 
want to give one of you in the audience an equal chance to 
freely play with the body of our bound young friend here. You 
all know where my wide array of special toys are, feel free to 
use them completely without prejudice on this bound twat 
before you. Do I have any volunteers?"

I can't believe Mrs. Lowens is doing this to me, 
saying this things. It's pretty close to my nasty fantasy she 
made me blurt out the other night when bound to her bed. I 
groan and shake on the table, feeling completely exposed to 
these unknown strangers, and tremendously excited. 

"Hmmm, so many! Okay you, your most appropriate I 
suppose!"

There's some shuffling, I then hear someone opening 
drawers, they must be gathering Mrs. Lowens' 'toys' to try out 
on me. Someone approaches my rear. I feel cool, wet lips 
gently kissing my now-sore bottom. I can't believe this is 
happening! A total stranger is kissing my butt! I can't believe 
what Mrs. Lowens is putting me through! I want to tell them 
all that I'm not a twat, cunt or a whore. I'm a good college girl 
who lives at home with her parents, I've always tried to be a 
good girl! 

Of course it's a little hard for me to say anything with 
this over-sized rubber ballgag stuffed into my mouth. And 
would anyone take seriously a girl who let herself be 
blindfolded and bound, legs, arms and tits to a homemade 
'pleasure table?'

"Well Donna," Mrs. Lowens tell me. "I'm going to 
step aside and let our volunteer take over now. Just relax. I 
suspect you'll cum like never before." I feel Mrs. Lowens 
fingers gently rub the back of my neck. "The crowd is really 
enjoying your little show, my slutty one. Maybe I should 
narrate a bit since you can't see what's coming. Your 
volunteer is a woman, a pretty one at that. She has selected an 
anal vibrator and spiky strap-on dildo from my equipment 
drawer. She's now naked and lubing up the anal vibrator. 
She'll probably take you up the ass with it, and then fuck you 
silly with the strap-on. Oh, it looks like your sweet little 
bottom is about to be licked!"

I shiver and moan into the ballgag. A deep blush 
blooms across my face as I feel the stranger's lips touch my 
ass. I've never been fucked in the ass before! Her lips travel 
back and forth along my heated bottom. A long pointy tongue 
lathers me up from my pussy to rosebud. I yelp as I feel the 
stranger's teeth bit into my left ass cheek.

The crowd in Mrs. Lowens' living room laughs in 
amusement. I blush even deeper and tremble in anticipation. 
The stranger's hands take hold of both sides of my naked, 
swinging ass. Long, sharp fingernails dig into my soft skin.  

"Donna," Mrs. Lowens says. "It's my duty to inform 
you, that our volunteer is about to take you up the ass with one 
mean-looking vibrator."

Her guests laugh. I groan into the ballgag in surprise 
as I suddenly feel a  bumpy, hard plastic surface push against 
my rosebud. I moan and wiggle at the odd touch and try to 
relax. I can't believe this is happening! I'm on my hands and 
knees, blindfolded, gagged and bound naked to a pleasure 
table, while a crowd watches a total stranger sodomize my rear 
end! I'm swamped with lust and desire from being stimulated 
for so long!  I want to be fuck, need to be fuck, even in front of 
all this people!

The tip of the anal intruder pushes into me slowly and 
then is withdrawn. The woman then pushes into me a little 
further and withdraws. I feel my ass being opened up fully by 
this bumpy phallus-like object. The crowd ohs and ahs with 
each penetration. This cycle of in and out goes on for a while, 
a long while, until the thing is completely inserted inside me. 
A feeling of fullness and pleasure wells up out of my rear, 
causing my exposed pussy to tingle even more. My anus keeps 
trying to close on the inserted object, but it can't! 

 I moan and groan into my ballgag. My thighs and 
legs shaking with pure desire.

 "Oh Donna," Mrs. Lowens resume her narrative. "It 
was such fun watching a proper young lady like yourself get 
impaled up the ass with that nasty vibrator. But it seems to 
have fit inside you quite, quite well. Now it looks like our 
guest is going to fuck you doggie style with the strap-on, like 
the true bitch-slut you really are."

 I feel the woman's warm thighs and hips press 
against my backside. Her hands come down and I gasp as a 
spiky dildo slides easily into my wet pussy. I feel her hands 
hold my waist, for purchase, as she thrusts into me. She 
quickly sets up an intense, forceful pumping action in and out 
of my dripping pussy. 

 I put my head down and concentrate on my 
impending orgasm. Between her thrusting into me and the 
presence of the object in my ass, it won't be long at all now. 
Adding to the sensations are the clamps and springs holding 
my nipples firmly in place, with each plunge into my pussy 
they stretch a bit back and forth. The woman's thighs slap 
loudly against me with each thrust of the dildo into my cunt. I 
feel crazy, wild, out of control with carnality. I want her to 
fuck me good, good and hard! Oooh! I'm so very close!

 My unknown lover thrusts more forcefully into me as 
she somehow turns on the anal vibrator embedded deep in my 
ass and leans over my back grabing my clamped and bound 
breasts. I feel her own pointy breasts push into my back as she 
pushes up on my tits with her hands, causing my poor, bound 
nips to stretch downward with each thrust into my pussy. This 
woman is driving me crazy. I feel her completely over me, 
dominating me, fucking me senseless like some kind of bitch-
dog in heat!

 While continuing her thrusting and pulling up on my 
poor, bound titties, she bites the back of my neck and licks 
behind my left ear.

 "Okay slutty-whatty, you can cum now," my 
unknown, demon lover whispers softly in my ear with a 
vaguely familiar voice.  

 And I do just that. Wailing loudly through my 
ballgaged mouth and bucking against this woman over me, I 
cum in waves, and waves, and waves of pure pleasure. The 
vibrating anal phallus, her endless forceful thrusting and 
pulling against my clamped breasts, the feeling of her soft tits 
pressing into my back, all mix together until I feel as if I'm 
just one big hole, taking in massive amounts of sensual input, 
fulling up completely and exploding outward.

 I feel slightly dazed as the woman dismounts from me 
and withdraws her dildo and phallus from my ass. Someone 
takes off my ballgag and I gasp rapidly through my mouth, 
head down, my lips and cheeks tingling and slightly cramped 
from being gagged.

 Otherwise I'm kept blindfolded and attached to the 
table as Mrs. Lowens' guests leave the apartment. Mrs. 
Lowens finally unclamps my breasts, unbinds my legs and arms 
from the table and takes off my blindfold.

 She holds me tightly and slides her tongue into my 
mouth. We stand there in her living room french kissing for a 
while.

 "Oh Donna," Mrs. Lowens says breaking the kiss, 
"you were just wonderful. I hope my scene wasn't too much 
for you."

 "It was wonderful Mrs. Lowens, a little intense at 
times, but you were right, I never had an orgasm like that 
before. I think, I think I'm really, really  falling in love with 
you.."

  "Well, that's nice sweetie. But now let's go to the 
bedroom. I really need some of that loving myself now."


 For the rest of the weekend we made gentle love. Mrs. 
Lowens occasionally ties me up, or clamps my nipples but 
nothing like her earlier scene on the pleasure table. 

No matter how hard I press her, Mrs. Lowens refused 
to tell me who my demon lover was. But did say it was 
somebody I knew, which only drives me crazy for piquing my 
curiosity. I just have to find out!

 
 
 On Monday I'm back at the office, doing the boring 
fact checking research as usual. I notice some of the woman in 
the office giving me odd looks and smiles. Could they of been 
part of Mrs. Lowens crowd? How awful!

 I'm in the copy machine room when Mrs. Takio 
walks in. As my demanding boss and manager she always 
make me a little nervous.

 "Donna, I thought you had those reports copied last 
week," Mrs. Takio addresses me sharply.

 "I, I, I'm sorry Mrs. Takio, but I was a little distracted 
last week," I stammer like a fool.

Mrs. Takio leans close to me and gently rubs my 
back.

"That's okay Donna, as long as your still my slutty-
whatty."

I look up, stunned, at the beautiful Japanese woman. 
I'm still holding the report binders absently over the copy 
machine. Was she the one? My demon lover? I blush 
unwittingly. 

Mrs. Takio gives me a wink and quick smile. She 
leaves the room, turning gracefully in her high heels. I watch 
her attractive backside as she slinks down the office hallway.

END OF PART 3. 
END OF CHAPTER
---
Suggestions? Comments? 
Chrissy      clorens@hotmail.com


(Note from Stories-Online.net: This is all I have)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Chrissy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





