BDSM Library - Chloe, the Director




Chloe, the Director
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Chloe Veiel, adult movie actress, invites her friends to watch her directorial porn debut.
CHLOE, THE DIRECTOR
By Taliesin the Bard

This story is XXX for ADULTS ONLY!  It contains graphic descriptions of sexual
activity, LOTS of sexual activity.  Copyright (c) 2000 Positively Pagan.  All
Rights Reserved.




CHLOE, THE DIRECTOR
By Taliesin the Bard

The video got right to the action.

It had no preamble.  No warm-up.  No set-up.  Nothing. 

Nothing but first-time director Chloe Veiel, a lust-crazed libertine who cared
not at all for such things.  Get the pussies spread and wet and filled with hard
cocks as soon as possible.  That was her philosophy of directing.  So the video
opened with her on a bed surrounded by dozens of dildos, naked except for red
spiked heel shoes. They looked good on the blonde slut, and complimented nicely
with the dark blue hues of the bedspread and the lighter blue of the surrounding
walls of the large, airy set. 


The young porn star played brazenly with her sextoys, stroking and caressing
them, fully aware a camera was watching, recording all that occurred.  She began
sucking a dildo that had been stuck to the headboard of the bed.  On hands and
knees, ass held high, carnal Chloe sucked the dildo, slobbered all over it.  Her
fingers played with her tantalizing twat, fingering it, showing it to the
camera, showing how much of a slut she truly was.  She moaned with pleasure as
she fingered her fuck hole and drooled on the plastic prick in front of her. 


Watching the video were Lesiah Thrace, Maria Torres and Noel Nouveau.  Chloe was
with them too; she had invited her S.L.U.T. friends to her place to watch and
critique her first directorial endeavor.

"This a solo scene?" Noel asked.  Her legs were spread and she rubbed her clit
gently as she watched.  "I know how much you love to play with toys."

"No," came the excited reply from several feet behind.  "There's lots more. 
Watch.  Watch."  Chloe had elected to stand well away from her friends as they
viewed the video.  Maybe so she wouldn't interfere with their impressions. 
Maybe because she was a little afraid of what they might say.  She was leaning
against the back wall of the room.  She wished the room were bigger.  "Keep
watching."


Soon other fuck sounds could be heard, and the camera panned to a second bed to
show Beatrice McConnell, another of the S.L.U.T.s, being pleasured by four young
men who looked to be in their late teens or early twenties, about the same age
as Bea and Chloe.  Like Chloe, she was naked but for her spike heel shoes. 
"Fuck my asshole, fuck it hard!" the freckle-faced Bea screamed to the stud
behind her before bringing her mouth to the cock in front of her. The other two
males were stroking their cocks, getting ready for their turn.

The camera swung to the other bed to show Chloe again.  The blonde had reversed
her position and was fucking the headboard-mounted dildo, sliding her pussy onto
it until all of it was inside her, then sliding back until just the tip
remained.  Back and forth Chloe went.  Faster and faster, banging her butt
against the headboard as she repeatedly skewered herself on the long, stiff
fucktoy.  She looked at the camera: "So fuckin' good.  So fuckin' good!"

The camera swung back to Bea again as the two young studs gave a double shot of
their hot cum to her, the ass cock pulling out and shooting over her butt
followed seconds later by the mouth cock spunking her face.  Bea smiled broadly
to the camera as the cum coated her face. She made no move to wipe it away,
obviously enjoying the feel of it on her skin.  She crawled off the bed, climbed
down to the carpeted floor.  Looking back through her legs in the direction of
the camera she smacked her lips. 


"Nice shot," said Noel.

"Good camera work there," observed Lesiah.  "This is good."  Her fingers, like
Noel's, also worked between her legs.  Maria was finger fucking herself as well.


Beatrice made her way to the other bed.  The setting appeared to be a hotel room
with twin beds.  Bea's head popped up beside Chloe's bed. "My my, what a slut
you are, girl."  Chloe was now fucking two dildos affixed to the headboard, one
in cunt and one in ass, hot womanly sex juices dripping off the long pseudo
phalli as she slid back and forth on them. 


"Where did that other dildo come from?"  Maria wanted to know.

"Chloe?" said Lesiah.  "Maria has a point.  It was okay to show that you had
gone from sucking to fucking the dildo on the wall, but we need to see that you
stuck another one on the wall.  It's okay the way you did it but it could've
been better."

Lesi had appeared in thousands of porn films and videos in a career than spanned
nearly thirty years.  For the last dozen years she also produced and directed. 
Maria had written scores of porn scripts for Lesi.  They knew their craft.  That
was why Chloe had asked them to evaluate her movie.  Noel Nouveau, and
accomplished erotic performer herself, was also at Chloe's apartment to give
advice.  All were members of the S.L.U.T.s, the Swinging Lifestylers United
Together, a group of insatiable women devoted solely to the pursuit of pleasure.

"The damn thing wouldn't stick," Chloe laughed.  "Big huge suction cup on the
end and it wouldn't stick.  I had to call 'Cut' then have a PA(1) stick it on
with glue."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
1 PA. Production Assistant.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

They returned to watching the video.



Bea crawled on the bed and she and Chloe hugged and kissed, rubbed their naked
flesh together.  Chloe happily lapped up the cum that still clung to Bea's
freckled face, the cum from Bea's face smearing Chloe's as well.  "One hot slut
fucktoy playing with her plastic fucktoys."  Bea turned away from Chloe and
began crawling over to the other bed where the four naked boys were waiting. 
"Let's play with the real thing."

Chloe followed her, crawled across the carpet and up onto the bed

"Lay down. On your back," Bea instructed one of the young studs.

He did and Chloe swung above him, slid her cunt down on his erection.  She slid
right on, all the way to the base.  And once on she started to wiggle.  Chloe
knew how to make it feel good.

Firmly in place, holding Chloe by her waist, the stud began to fuck upward into
her, gripping her tightly.  He shot a load and pushed her off.

The blonde babe fell back with legs akimbo, and the camera showed a close-up of
her cunt.  Chloe used her fingers to open her fuck hole and show the creamy cum
inside. 

Bea meanwhile was sucking the cocks of the young men, keeping them ready, though
they all spouted splendid hard-ons.  The next stud lay back and Chloe mounted
him as she had the previous prick.  She moved up and down on him, almost
bouncing, taking the cock as deeply as she could.  A 'smacking' sound could be
heard every time her flesh met his. Just before he ejaculated, the young stud
shook visibly, yelled "I'm cuming....  Cuming!"  Chloe hopped off him and got
her face near his erupting dick.  She took the wads of cum on her face, mouth
open, eyes wide.  She giggled then greedily licked up the rivulets of sperm that
ran down his cock.

The tallest of the four young men got on the bed and fucked Chloe from behind.
Though he had cum shortly before with Bea, he was able to get hard again and he
plowed Chloe's pussy admirably, bringing her to a climax.  Then Bea began
lapping and sucking Chloe's face to get the flavorsome froth that still clung to
it.

Suddenly an off-camera voice called "Where are the rest of the guys?" and four
more young men came into the room.

"Oh, no! Oh, no!" shouted one of the naked studs in a very badly acted
intonation.  He flung his hands about, then pointed at those who had just
entered.  "It's the other guys here in this upstairs room.  I thought we had,
er, had these chicks all to, er, to ourselves when we took them upstairs from
the party downstairs earlier and brought them, er, the girls, upstairs."

"So what're you up - I mean, so that's what you've been up to.  Having a little
private party, huh?"  This from one of the newcomers.  "We knew something was up
when the girls vanished from our party downstairs."

"Well, uh...."   The disagreeable dialogue continued.

"So how were they?  Five pieces, five, five? Uh, fine, yeah, fine pieces of hot
slut cunt, huh?"  This actor was a little better with his dialogue than the
other speaker, when he remembered what he was supposed to say.

"Well, uh...."

"We knew you guys would have a trywiththesetwogirls," said another of the new
arrivals.  "We've had them manytimesbefore.  That's why we come totheseparties. 
But everyone else's gonehomenow that the party is over so we cameupheretoplay." 
This one rushed his dialogue, was hard to understand.

One of the newcomers addressed Chloe and Bea, speaking to their rear ends that
the two held high from an all-fours position on the bed.  "Mind if we have a go
with you?" He was already unbuckling his pants.

"Uh, like what have you been waiting for?" intoned Chloe through her legs,
straightening them and raising her inviting fuck holes higher.  "We're not
standing like this for our health."


Maria, taking her role as critic seriously said: "Was that a joke?  Part of the
script?  Not very funny."

Chloe didn't reply.

On the video screen


she was being mounted by one of the studs.  Another of the newcomers did the
same with Bea.

The action was synchronized.  Each coupled slut and stud performed the same
positions; doggie style, spoons, then woman-on-top.  Chloe and Bea screamed and
panted and gasped and screamed some more, as much as possible in unison.


"That, Chloe, is a nice touch," Noel commented on the synchronized sexing.


Moments later the cocks of the two newcomers exploded in the faces of the carnal
cum-junkies.  Chloe and Bea directed the sprays of cum-cream all over their
faces, coating them with the goo.  They sucked the cocks dry and then kissed. 
Their tongues lapped up the cum.

"Ummmm," said Bea.

"More," said Chloe.

"There's still me an' Tom, said one of the guys.  He lowered his pants.  Tom did
the same.

The man who had spoken was very well hung.  Bea quickly opened her legs, the
look on her face showing her eagerness to get his cock into her.  The man
quickly obliged.

Tom, as it turned out, was amazingly well hung.  A long, thick rod of flesh that
could have doubled as a baseball bat protruded from between his legs.

"All right!" exclaimed Chloe. 

Tom mounted her and the fucking-in-unison began again.

This time, though, the sluts switched partners with every change of position. 
Bea got to sample Tom's gigantic joint and Chloe eagerly engaged the other
fellow, who, though smaller in size than Tom, was equally adept in skill.

Two more loads of hot jizz splattered against the smiling faces of Chloe Veiel
and Bea McConnell, encouraged by entreaties from the two of "Shoot your hot jizz
all over our fuck slut faces" and "Oh fuck, yeah!  Blast us with your hot cock
loads".


Lesi made a mental note to talk to Chloe about natural sounding dialogue, though
she said nothing out loud.

It looked to be the end of the movie when


the door opened again.  A naked young stud, foot-long cock sticking straight up,
entered.


This was Ted Trotter, one of Chloe's favorite male performers.  She did scenes
with him as often as she could.  It was no surprise to anyone watching that
Chloe had cast him in her movie.  Lesi, who had directed Ted as an actor a few
times, and had fucked him off-camera as well, a few times at least, had been
wondering, in the back of her mind, why Ted had not been among the eight studs. 
Now here he was.


"This is Ted," said one of the young men.  "He's our 'Mr. Magic' we call him. 
You'll see ina minute."

"Would you mind laying on each of the beds please?"  Ted spoke politely, softly.

"No problem s'long as I get more dick," Chloe said.

Chloe lay on one, Bea on the other.  They lay spread-eagled.

The men pushed the two beds together, swept aside the dildos that cluttered one
of them.  Chloe had lain with her feet toward the headboard, opposite the
direction Bea had assumed.

"Would you mind being tied to the beds?"

"Go for it," replied Bea.

One of the men produced some rope (from somewhere) and Bea's legs and arms were
tied to the bedposts.  Chloe was tied the same way. 

The camera got nice shots of both open pussies. Then the young men began
remounting the two fuck stars, slamming their cocks in and pounding as hard as
they could.  Cuming quickly too and pulling out to shoot their hot cum over the
shuddering bodies of the smiling sluts.

"Hurry. I can tell Chloe likes this. Keep fucking her." Bea encouraged the men.
"And cum on her and on me too.  Cum lots."

"We're just hot little cum sluts, so just keep cumin'."

Each of the young men had his turn, then those that could mounted Chloe or Bea
yet once more, fucking hard, pounding their cocks as deep as they could into the
sluts' pussies or ass holes.  Both lust-crazed lasses were drenched in cum. The
camera got more close-ups of Chloe and Bea's stretched open twats.  The girls
did not need the use of their hands to keep their fuck holes open for the
camera; these stayed nicely stretched.

The boys departed, leaving Chloe and Bea and Ted.  "Ready for Mr. Magic?" Ted
asked.

"If that's what you call that big, gorgeous dick of yours, yeah, bring it on,"
panted cum-covered Chloe.

Bea was staring at Ted's huge erection as well, her face lit with a wide grin. 
"Oh yeah.  Oh fuckin' yeah! C'mon, let's do it let's do it!  But who you gonna
do first?"

"I'm Mr. Magic," Ted answered them.  "I'll do you both first, last and six ways
to Sunday.  Watch."

Ted snapped his fingers, there was a flash of light, and as the light faded
there was two of him.  Two Ted Trotters standing side by side.  Each sporting a
foot-long hard-on.


"Huh?" Lesiah said.  "Chloe, I like the idea of two Teds but how....  Why are
there two of him?"

"Yeah," Noel put in.  "That doesn't make sense."

"You need to have a set-up for the magic," Maria stated.  "You can't just throw
such an unusual element into the story without establishing it first.  You have
to-"

"I did set it up," Chloe interjected.  "I think.  I said he was called Mr.
Magic, but maybe it needed more.  But just keep watching.  It's good, it's
good."

"It is a good movie," Lesiah agreed.  "The sex is great.  That was just a little
comment about the storytelling that's all."

"Okay.  Okay.  I asked you to make comments, so okay.  But wait'll you see how
it ends.  It's great."


The twin Teds plowed their massive cocks into the bound female forms on the
beds, filling their fuck holes with the cock they craved.  The cocks pumped and
pumped and then pulled out and shot great geysers of cum over the writhing,
twisting bodies of Chloe and Bea who thrust their breasts as high up as the
ropes would allow to get the long streamers of sperm on them.

"You are Mr. Magic!" Chloe exclaimed.

"You haven't seen anything yet."  Ted grinned and snapped his fingers again.

The flash of light came once more and the scene now showed the Ted twosome as
they had been before, fucking the pussies of Chloe and Bea.  The camera went for
a close-up of the action, then back to a medium shot of Ted and Chloe.  The
close-up appeared again, and then the camera began a slow pullback to show that
not only was Chloe being fucked by Ted she was also sucking his cock.  Both Teds
were now doing Chloe. 

And they were doing Bea as well, as could be seen in the background.  There were
now four Teds!


"That was nice the way you did that," Lesi commented.  "You gave us a little
surprise there by showing us what we thought we'd already seen and then
surprising us."

"Thanks, Lesi."


The camera was beneath Ted's legs, one of the Teds' legs, and it showed him
pumping his rock hard cock back and forth in Chloe's cunt hole.  Then there was
a second cock in the scene, pushing in next to the first, stretching Chloe's
amazing cunt even further.  Quickly the camera went around to her face and
showed an image of ecstasy.


"You found someone with a cock that looks a lot like Ted's," Maria remarked. 
She had fucked the handsome Ted Trotter for the first time only a few days
before.(2)  "Is he as good looking as...?"  She stopped, stared at the screen,
as Lesi and Noel were also doing.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
2 See "One Night at the Office" on my website.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The camera was in a wide shot and clearly two Teds could be seen doing the
double-penetration of Chloe's pussy.  In the background there were two more Teds
doing a similar double with Bea.


"Unless he's actually got a twin brother, that's an amazing special effect!" 
Lesi was impressed.

So was Noel.  She had four fingers of her right hand in her twat; the fingers of
her left stroked her clit rapidly.

Now all four Teds were doing Bea.  The two double-fucking her cunt continued to
do so, while the other two alternated fucking her mouth.  Then the Teds moved
away from Chloe and stood around a small plate that had been placed on the
carpeted floor.  The plate was black in color and when each Ted came over it
with a few strokes of his cock the white cum-cream showed clearly.  Each Ted
made his own little puddle of cum and faded from view as he finished climaxing. 
Chloe and Bea crawled over to the plate and bent down and took a few licks of
the tasty treat.  Then Chloe sat back and tilted her face up and opened her
mouth.  Bea picked up the plate and poured it into Chloe's mouth, the
cum-addicted slut drinking the four loads of sperm in one huge gulp. 

Chloe and Bea kissed deeply as the scene faded and the video ended, sharing the
last of the sperm between them, giggling, happy and well fucked.


"So whadda you think, whadda you think?  Pretty good, huh?"

"Yes it is good, quite good," Lesi said, "but there were a few problems I'm
afraid, including the fact that you didn't show how you and Bea got out of the
ropes."

"Okay, go ahead, I can take it."  Chloe came closer to her slutfriends, slumped
on the couch.

Maria spoke up.  "Well, I heard a buzzing through part of the video.  Maybe the
camera or something."

"That was probably my vibrator," Lesiah said.  She opened her legs to show a
silver tube between them.  Her cunt juices had soaked the fabric of the chair. 
"I'll take care of having that cleaned," she told Chloe.  To Maria she asked,
"Weren't you fucking yourself?"

"Yes but just with my fingers, not toys.  Probably have to clean this chair
too."

"Should've asked.  I've always got plenty of toys."  She patted the handbag
beside her chair.

"Next time I will."

"I liked the colors of the set," Noel told Chloe.  "But why did you make it like
a hotel room?"

"No," Chloe corrected.  "It was the dorm room of the two girls, like in college. 
The boys from the party below come up to the girls' room for fucking.  I thought
their dialogue said that."

"That wasn't dialogue, it was exposition," said Maria, the professional writer. 
"Sure you need to explain things, but you have to be careful with exposition."

"Right," Lesi agreed.  "And the dialogue wasn't very good in places."

"I guess I wanted to make the sex hot so we didn't do much rehearsal of the
dialogue, just focused on the sex."

"It's the little details that make or break a movie.  And dialogue, well it
should sound natural, like real people talk.  And the set should have had more
personal effects of the girls, posters of rock stars on the walls, textbooks,
college stuff.  I thought it was a hotel room too."

"Well, okay.  I'll remember for next time.  If there is a next time, Lesi, if
you'll let me direct.  I thought we could make this one of the scenes in the
next Chloe's Carnal Capers."

"What you've got, my little cock-socket, is several scenes.  How much did this
cost?"

"With all the special effects and stuff around eight thousand.  The effects were
expensive, and hard to do.  But I used mostly new guys, except Ted, so I didn't
have to pay them much.  Actually it was closer to nine."

"I'll buy it all from you for twelve.  We can shoot a couple of new scenes, and
have you masturbating and then go into each scene like it's a fantasy." She was
speaking less to Chloe than to herself as she mentally calculated production
costs and shooting schedules.   "We'll break this into three, the dildo scene,
which we'll have to shoot more of, the scene with the eight guys, but the part
where you and Bea are tied up can only go in the European version, then the
scene with Ted.  As these are your fantasies, the magic element will work. 
We'll call it Chloe's Fantasy Fucks or something."

"So you'll use my scenes?  Great!"  Her spirits were picking up.  "Thanks Lesi. 
I know this movie will be hot."

"I'm sure it will."  Lesi smiled at Chloe.  "With a little editing."

� End -



~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A S.L.U.T. ADVENTURE
(Swinging Lifestylers United Together)

PROSEX STORIES series. Collect 'em all.

The moderately mythic Taliesin the Bard is a popular porn performer, pagan
pundit, and prominent prosex partisan, as well as being addicted to atrocious
alliteration.  You may write to him at Positively Pagan, 5632 Van Nuys Blvd.
#337, Van Nuys, CA 91401 or e-mail him at yourpaltal@taliesinthebard.com.  Tal's
websites are www.taliesinthebard.com and www.paganpleasures.com.

ProSex, S.L.U.T. Chloe, the Director and the names and likenesses of all
prominent characters and organizations in this fictional story are trademarks
(TM) of Positively Pagan.

Thank you for flying with ProSex; please watch your step as you deplane.






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Taliesin the Bard


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





