BDSM Library - The Greatest Screams Ever




The Greatest Screams Ever
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two brothers captured these two sweet girls. They deviced many ways to make the girls screaming all the time.
The Greatest Screams

WARNING: By reading this story you must be 21 and able to differentiate
between fiction and reality.  The author of this story would never condone
any of these types of actions in real life just in fictional stories...Please 
do not copy or use my material unless you ask...

The following story depicts EXTREME torture and violence...




The Greatest Screams Ever
by Baer-chen

The 19-year-old captive began to cry when she saw what was in his hand as he
entered the room and smiled at her.  Her wavy brown hair and tanned body
glistened with sweat from the heat of the room.  Placing the large metal
speculum on the table next to the gynecological bed that Cassie was secured
to, the man in the lab coat looked at Cassie and smiled.  "Good afternoon
sweetheart how do you feel?"  Cassie continued to cry as the Man in the lab
coat picked up her chart, and slipped his right hand into her half
unbuttoned, blouse. Locating one of her ample breasts he began to gently
squeeze and fondle it.  Continuing the intrusion the man in the lab coat
began to read her chart.  Slowly the man addressed the helpless bound girl
looking directly into her soft blue eyes, "So tell me Cassandra, what made
you think that you and your friends in the other room could spy on our
operations and not get caught?"  "Please sir, we are not spies.we are .we
were j-just on vacation hiking in the woods."  The man in the lab coat
looked at Cassandra and frowned, "I think you are lying child.let's cut
through all the bullshit an get right down to it!" his hand stopped fondling
her sore breast and began to squeeze.  A small whimper escaped the poor girl
as his grip got tighter and tighter.  The man in the lab coat looked in her
eyes again said, "Your friend Mark confessed, he admitted that you and your
friend Becky were spies! "Don't lye to me bitch1 Or I will get unpleasant
really quickly!  Currently, we are attempting ascertain what your two
friends know, but both have stated that you are the leader and you have the
information I want to know!"  "NO!! NOO!!" she screamed, "They are lying,
t-thyey would never of said that..y-you are lying!!" Releasing her breast
the man in the lab coat stood up and picked up the speculum from the table.
"Looking at her and adjusting the stainless steel speculum he calmly said,
"I will offer you something to bite down on only once.would you like it or
not?"  "No N-n-o what are you.no please don't hurt me I know nothing
please!!!"  The man in the lab coat walked over to her looked at her and
softy said, "Never mind the chew toy sweetheart, I want to hear you scream!"
"Please Please don't do this! I know nothing, please sir, I know nothing!!"
Calmly the man placed the speculum back on the table and began to open the
rest of the blouse.  Gazing at her breast the man in the lab coat smiled.
They were perfect!  Not overly large, but big enough to cause her severe
agony before he was through with them.  Leaning close to Cassie ear he
whispered, "I'm considering cutting these two off you know." at that he
grabbed both mounds of flesh and began to squeeze with all his might.

Three doors down, the blonde haired Becky was being sodomized in the ass by
a large, fat man.  Bent over a bed, the enormous penis pushed in and out of
her overstretched asshole.  Becky begged for it to stop, but it went on and
on.  He was ripping her ass apart! She screamed and screamed, but suddenly
it stopped.  With her hands still cuffed behind her back the huge man
flipped her over on the bed and began to catch his breath.  Grabbing a chair
next to the bed he sat down.  Becky was puzzled, her ass was still on fire,
but she managed to slow her breathing though still crying.  Getting back to
his feet the man walked toward her grabbed her by the hair and dragged her
from the room.  Will dragging her down the hallway he finally began to speak
to her in a deep husky voice.  "Guess you want to know why I didn't blow a
load up your ass huh slut?"  Beck remained silent as she limped down the
hallway without any real direction, the pain in her ass made it difficult to
walk. Straight was the only way she could go so she limped straight ahead.
"Well ask me slut.aren't gonna ask me?"  Becky had no idea what to say,
"Please sir.let me go home."she whispered.  "HAHAHA!" the big man laughed,
"no way whore! You time here has just started!"  I have about 40 friends
that will want to fuck that ass of yours before the day is over.  At that
the fat man grabbed her ass pushed three fingers into her, and kicked her in
the ass from behind   Young Becky's knees began to buckle and then all was
black.

The speculum was cold when he first began to insert it into her young, moist
snatch.  Cassie sobbed and begged for mercy as he utilized the tool to open
her slit like a gaping mouth.  Her legs were chained in the stirrups and her
arms where chained above her head.she felt helpless, she was helpless, but
all she could do was cry.  Beads of sweat were now running down her naked,
immobilized body, her hair looked as if she had she had just gotten out of a
pool.  It was quite erotic the man in the lab coat decided, there was
nothing like a naked, helpless, terrified teenager begging him to believe
that she didn't commit a crime that he had fabricated.  He loved this game,
making girls confess to crimes that didn't exist.   Besides, he thought, we
have a reason to hurt this one.  Smiling to himself he went to the drawer
and removed a slim flexible urinary catheter. Expecting the girl to scream
when she saw it, he brought it close to her face and smiled.  She had no
idea of what it was.  Annoyed he began to explain his intentions to her,
"Well sweetie this is a urinary catheter.I'm going to shove this thing up
your piss hole! From there I'm not sure what we'll do, but I figure it'll
hurt real bad I guess.  By the way I've never done this before so please
bare with me."  The sobbing and sniveling reached a new height.
"P-P-Plleaseeee don't P-P-p Oh P-P-lease" she sobbed, "I'll do anything,
Please I'll suck your cock, Please don't put that thing in me please!!!"  "I
know you will!" the man said in a cheery voice and moved himself between the
19-year-old brunette's widely spread legs.

"Oh!! Oh OH!!! AIYEEEEEEEEEE!!!" Becky screamed as the fat ass woke her by
ripping off her index finger nail.  She was chained to a chair around her
midsection with her hands secured separately to a table in front of her.
Her long blonde hair had been pulled back to keep it out of the way and she
sat completely nude.  "How did that feel?" asked the fat grotesque sitting
before her.   With that he grabbed her right ring finger and closed the
pliers down on the tip of the nail.  "No PLEASE NO PL-AIYEEEEEEEE" she
screamed as he yanked the second fingernail from its bed.  Crying and
whimpering, Becky shook her head back and forth trying to rid her self of
the pain in her hand. "This is boring, " the fat man stated.  Standing up he
walked towards the trembling girl and punched her in the jaw.  Blood welled
in her mouth as she cried hysterically.  "Shit is this boring!!!" the man
screamed as he searched the table for something that would make her really
yelp.  Grabbing a bottle of bleach and keeping it out of the site of the
struggling girl, he placed his free forearm on her forehead and savagely
pushed her head back so it was horizontal to the ceiling. With his thumb and
middle finger he forced her eye open causing her to struggle.  She tried to
move her head, but the weight of his arm threatened to snap her neck! If she
fought it would be worse.if she turned her head it would be worse.if she bit
him he would kill her.maybe.that was the last thing she though before the
burning bleached splashed into her open eyeball!   "AIYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!
OH AIYEEEEEEE!!"  The poor girl screamed for almost 10 minutes, unable to
rub her eye or relieve the pain, finally she passed out in trembling
agony.All the while the fat man stood before her watching her try to bat her
long eyelashes in a futile attempt to stop the burning. Her head shook back
and forth golden hair flying everywhere.  Her fingers clawed the table, but
nothing worked fro the poor girl.   For a second the fat man almost felt a
little pity, but instead decided to jerk off while she put on her show.
Finally little Becky passed out from the pain.   The fat man just looked at
her and said, "That was cool!" then blew his load all over the un-conscious
girls face.


His fingers dug deep into poor Cassie's vaginal cavity.  "Where was it?" he
thought he knew the opening was right below her clit but he couldn't find it
and was starting to get pissed off.  "This should be easy you slut!" he
screamed at the half whimpering half crying girl.  His fingers traveled back
to her clitoris, and tried to locate the meatus.  It should be there he
thought.  "Found it!" he said with excitement.  Stepping back from her,
looked at her beautiful tear stained face and said, "Well let's see how hard
this is, stop whimpering sweetie this is gonna hurt I promise, but at least
I've told you!"  At that he sat down between her legs and opened the medical
book that he had bought earlier in the week.   While he read he slowly
pulled small patches of pubic hair from the girls pubis area.  "You fucking
bastard! she screamed, "Stop IT! STOP IT LEAVE ME ALOOONNNEE!!!" she lifted
her head and spat at him.  "You fucking whore!!!" he screamed throwing down
the book.  "Get ready for a world of hurt!!"  Grabbing the urinary catheter
he positioned himself between her legs again.  "Please, Please, W-What do
you want Please, PLEA.AIYIIYYEEEIEYEEEEEEEEEE!!!"  He had found the hole and
was starting to advance the catheter.  "Will you shut up? This doesn't hurt
that much child.well I guess I did skip the lubrication, but I still don't
believe that this hurts as much as your making it sound like."  "PLLLEASE
take it out it hurts It hurts!!!Please!!"  "SHUT UP I'M trying TO
CONCENTRATE!! I told you this is the first time I've ever done this!!!!"
Looking back at the book he read on,  "Guess I'm supposed to push this thing
in until I see your piss."  Them man pushed the tube another 4-5cm until a
stream of urine flowed.  "Dammit forgot about the bag!!  Oh well guess I'll
just wait until you finish and then start over."  The urine stopped flowing
but had already produced a considerable puddle on the floor.  "Shit! Guess I
have to clean this up before it starts to stink.  Well child that was easy
enough let's take this out so we can try again."  At that he quickly yanked
the catheter from the tunnel in which it had been lodged.  "OHHHH FUCK!!!!!
AHHH AIEEEEYYYEEEEEE!!!!" she screamed as the burning sensation evaded every
sense she had.  The man grabbed a towel and started to clean up the mess.
Throwing the towel to the side he moved his face close to hers and asked,
"so how did that feel?"  Her sobs gave the answer.  "Please sir I know
nothing let me go.Please stop this.OHHH please stop this!!" "Sorry honey,
can't do it until you tell me what you know.  Shall we try again?"
"NONONONONO!!!"  she screamed.  "Well, we'll get back to that little piss
hole of your soon enough...for now, I have a better idea, your gonna love
this!!"  The man walked back to the table to fetch another book.

Her blonde hair flew as she shook her head back and forth trying to make the
pain stop.  She could no longer see from her damaged eye, but the other
watched as he continued to torture her young body.  He was pushing small
razor blades into her breasts.  Her screams sounded as if hell had come to
earth.  The fat man had learned this trick from an old friend and it had
always worked.  First each blade was used to cut a 1" incision in the breast
then they were dipped in ammonia.  Pushing the blades back into the
incisions was supposed to be done excruciatingly slow, but he was horny
again and her screams made him hard.  He has already used 10 blades on her
right tit and was working on the sixth in the left.  "Time for something
different," he thought.  Grasping the next blade he slowly and shallowly cut
around her large nipple, but did not cut deep enough to remove it. He then
grabbed her breast to stretch the skin tight and made an incision from the
cut around her areola straight up to where her breast met the top of her
Pectoralis Major Muscle just beneath her collarbone.  He then made another
incision in her skin, down to where her supensory ligament should have been.
Grabbing a wet face cloth he began removing the blades from her breast meat
and did his best to stop her bleeding.  Becky could no longer scream, she
laid there moaning in a half conscious state.  She could no longer struggle
she just rolled head around wishing her neck would snap and end her
suffering.   The fat man looked back to the incisions and thought back to a
story he read once that stated that skinning a breast was just like peeling
a grape.  Well let's try he thought.  Grabbing a dull scalpel he tried to
move the blade beneath the skin above her areola. Becky groaned again. "Shut
up!!" he yelled at her.  Having nudged the tip of the blade beneath he
inserted it a little farther inciting another groan from the suffering
blonde.  The blade was now fully beneath the skin, grabbing a pair of
tweezers he got hold of the flap of skin and tried to slowly begin to peel
the skin back.  The skin was too flaccid and there was too much blood.  He
would have to stand her up he thought.  Standing up he looked at her cocked
his arm back and punched her dead in the forehead knocking her unconscious.

It took him about 15 minutes to suspend her from a rafter with her feet 10"
from the floor.  Attached to her ankles were 2 large 100- pound weights that
hung about a half an inch from the ground. Luckily he was 6'4" so her face
was now level with his own. Both her breast continued to drip blood so he
grabbed another towel and wiped them off.  Now to wake her up he thought.
The stun Gun had been a present from a friend, but until now he had never
had a chance to use it.  Looking to the breast that still had the 10 small
razor blades lodged in it, he switched the stun gun to it's medium setting,
pulled the trigger and held it to her large mammary.   Her reaction made him
want to jerk off again.  Becky screamed an ear-piecing shriek that would
have put any movie actress to shame.  Her head shook back and forth as he
held the stun gun directly to her nipple.  Her words were no longer human
she just screamed one shriek after another.  After the longest 45 seconds of
Becky's life the man removed the tool and step back to admire her struggles.
Crying she tried to beg him for mercy, but it only made him put his hand in
his pants and smile.  Well, he thought now it's time to peel a grape.
Picking up another book the man on the lab coat walked over to the trembling
girl and showed her the title.  It read, Breast Surgery.  Cassandra
screamed. "So let's get started shall we?"  he smiled at her and said, " We
are going to learn about your breasts together."  He grabbed a large scalpel
and the rested the point on her tit.  Cassie screamed, not from pain only
from fear.  "Please I'm soo sorry Please leave them alone Please don't cut
me!!!!" The man smiled again and said, "You amuse me sweetheart, first your
sweet then you're a bitch then your sweet again!  Well, after I'm done with
your fun bags here, you'll always be sweet to me.you'll be burning to please
me.hahahah!"  Stabbing the scalpel into the fatty tissue of her breast the
man looked in Cassie's eyes and waited until she stopped screaming. Slowly
he said, "From now on, you can scream, but if you say a word I will stab you
once for every word you say."  NO PLEA..."  she caught herself.  The man
slowly pushed the blade of his scalpel into her breast meat 2 times.
Cassie was now convulsing in pain, the blade was not short as with a normal
sized scalpel this one longer, each stab pierced into her glandular tissue
causing pain like she had never felt before.  Sobbing she closed he eyes and
tried to pretend that this wasn't really happening.  "Well let's start then!
Close your eyes sweetheart it'll make it better for you." she heard him say.
"Actually, honey that is an order..if you open them I'll cut your eyeballs
out!"  Cassie squeezed her eyes shut and whimpered waiting for the pain to
start.
 The first cut wasn't so bad, she felt a sharp burning sensation in her
right breast that lasted a couple of seconds then stopped.    "Please," she
thought, "Please let this end soon, Please someone save me."  She wasn't so
lucky with the second cut. AIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!  The pain was
indescribable as she felt the blood run down her globe of flesh.  The third
cut was deep, while the breast was still attached to her body, the cut was
deep enough so that the man could now separate the top portion of the breast
meat about four inches from her body.  The bleeding was extensive.  By now
Cassie wanted to die.  The beautiful breasts that once attracted many dates
in college were slowly being cut from her body.  What a useless book, he
thought.  This is easy, too easy, just place the blade, apply pressure and
move the blade around! Simple!  Just like dissecting a frog back in high
school.  Cassie's screams didn't stop, she felt the pain, but nausea was
taking over her senses.  She turned her head and vomited.  The man watched
amused, but he knew must now work fast or she wouldn't feel the full effect
of his intensions.  Quickly he grabbed a small bag that was beside the bed
and gathered a small handful of rock salt.  Applying pressure with is palm
he slowly, once again separated the top portion of her udder from her chest.
Despite the blood he inserted his other hand into the gap between the meat
and her body and pressed the rock salt into both sides of the raw flesh.
Quickly he pressed the breast section back to her chest where it belonged.
Every vein in Cassie's neck and forehead stood out as she screamed. She
writhed in agony as the salt burnt into every nerve of her breast.  She
wanted to tear her own breast off. "AIEEEAHAAAHAHAAIEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!"
Screaming is a normal reaction to pain, and some believe that screaming will
make the pain go away.this was not true for Cassie.  The man held her
bleeding breast to her body and Cassie screamed with all her strength.  Her
chained hands gripped the side of the bed so tightly that she dislocated two
of her fingers.  Finally and mercifully Cassie passed out.  Well, that was
interesting the man thought, better than I had planned.  Grabbing a larger
handful of salt he maneuvered her sliced utter and placed the salt with the
rest.  Finally began the process of suturing the brunette's breast back to
her body.
Her constant shaking and movement was starting to piss him off.  He has
already "peeled" about half of the slut's tit, but it was a messy job.  He
had read that if done right there would be no blood, but the mammary was now
one large mass of raw meat.  Not to mention that her skin did not just peel
off, he almost had to yank it off.  Oh well he thought so much for that.
Leaving her sobbing and screaming he walked back to the table and grabbed a
cigarette. Lighting the cig he walked back to the hanging blonde.  The right
half of her breast was exposed and raw.  Removing the cig from his lips he
held it close to the exposed tit and said, "You have a choice whore.I will
either burn you skinned tit with cigarettes for 15 minutes OR torture your
other tit for 15 minutes with the stun gun.  You decide which would you
rather? Cig or Stun gun?"  Becky couldn't speak.  She was paralyzed in fear,
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!" she screamed.  He started to laugh and
said, "that was not an option, you had 3 seconds to decide or I will make
the decision for you." "3-----2-------1----------" "NOOOOOOOOOOOO
PLEASSSSSEEEEEE!!!!" she screamed again. "Times up cunt!!!!"  "I have
decided for you.and .I.havvvve.decciddded..that you will GET BOTHH!!!" he
screamed slamming the stun gun and cigarette into their respective places.
For 15 or so minutes Becky did not stop screaming for one second nor could
she pass out.  Occasionally the man had to pause to relight the cigs, but he
did his best to not keep her waiting for amount of time.  The pain Becky
endured is impossible to describe.so horrible was the agony that her violent
struggling separated both her arms from their sockets.  When had finished he
was tired and was extremely horny.  She could no longer scream.her vocal
chords were shot.  Becky no longer knew where she was, shock had set in.she
barley realized when he lowered and unchained her.she barley realized that
he dragged her to the table.she barley realized he bent her over the table
and she barely realized that he fucked her in the ass for almost 10 minutes.
The fat man was finished and exhausted, he watched his cum ooze out of her
asshole and decided that he was finished with her for a while.  Chaining her
back in the chair he left the room and walked down the hall to where his
brother was.

After knocking on the door the fat man entered and greeted his brother.
Looking behind his brother he saw the brunette whore that had embarrassed
him 2 years before on campus.   Her body was covered in blood and sweat but
she was unconscious.  "Hey Jim," the man in the white lab coat said
cheerfully.  "What's up Bill," replied the fat man.  "Hope you save some of
her for me."  "Certainly did replied," his brother.  I just finished sowing
the rock salt into her tits.  Couldn't keep her conscious for the second
one, it probably would have killed her."  "I gave her an anesthetic so she
could rest up for the next prep.  I also gave her a blood transfusion and an
IV so she should be resting somewhat peacefully now.  You ready to start the
her final preparation?"  "Let's do it!" said the fat man.  That whore of a
cheerleader embarrassed me in front of all my friends.I told her I'd kill
her if she opened her mouth again, but she wouldn't take the hint.  Kept
running her mouth. Now I've changed my mind.I'm not gonna kill her, but she'
s gonna beg me to."  The man in the coat smiled at his brother and said, "I
think your right man, by the way what's up with the blonde?"  "She's resting
also, we'll get a lot of fun out of that bitch.  Fucked her up a little, but
she'll survive."   Big Jim handed his brother a 8 inch glass pipette which
was filled with a murky looking liquid.  Thanking him Bill inspected the
narrow, piece of glass usually used to transfer small amounts of liquid.
With a torch he had previously sealed both ends of the pipette  It looked
like a small glass drinking straw.  Both men were proud of the liquid that
was contained in the small glass cylinder.  It consisted of liquefied poison
sumac, diluted bromine, and a liquid compound taken from the spines of a
very rare caterpillar, alone all of the ingredients caused painful skin
irritation that burned but together they had created the greatest skin
irritant known to man.  They had taken special care to make sure that none
of the ingredients were concentrated enough to be lethal just painful enough
to drive their victims to the brink of insanity if exposed in the "right"
places.  Both men turned to the unconscious brunette and gathered the
equipment that they would need.  Positioning himself between her legs the
man in the opened her slit and re-located her urethra.  Slowly the man in
the coat inserted just about the entire length of the pipette into the
unconscious girls piss hole.  Smiling he turned to his bother who brought
forward an instrument similar to a tuning fork, but it was powered
electrically.  The tool emitted a high amount of vibrations and was used for
practical purposes, but they used it to shatter glass.  Placing tool to the
tip of the tool to the glass pipette, which was barely emerging, from the
end of Cassie's urethra, he turned it on.  Instantly the glass shattered
into thousands of tiny little glass shards.  The men had calculated this and
were sure that the shards would produce agonizing pain, but would not be
fatal.  A small trickle of blood flowed out of the mutilated opening.  Jim
smiled a put on a pair of gloves.  He now scooped up a handful pink
fiberglass that was also in the bag.  Crumpling the material into a wad he
pushed it in and out of the girl's vagina, making sure that not a millimeter
of soft pink flesh was missed.  Finally he sewed her pussy shut with a large
needle and fishing line.  It was almost time.  The anesthetic would wear off
soon and she would awaken in pure agony.  "What about her asshole?" Jim
asked.  "Leave it," his brother replied, "you still want to be able to fuck
her don't you?" The fat man laughed and checked her breasts, "You sure you
packed these with enough rock salt?"  They both laughed.  They had stopped
bleeding, but the cuts and suture were very noticeable.  Stepping back he
looked at the sleeping beauty.  Gosh was she beautiful he thought.  So
innocent, so fuckable he thought.  "Well, she's ready!" Bill exclaimed.  "I'
ll give her one more blood transfusion and another IV later.  We'll have a
long time to play with her."  "We've given your bitch a world of pain you
know.she will beg you to end it."  The fat man turned to his brother and
said, "Fuck that!  We're goanna keep this one alive.as time goes on we'll
have to do some maintenance, but I have some ideas on how to keep her
inconstant agony for a long, long time."  Cassie began to stir, she was
softly moaning, which told the men that the anesthetic was still working.
Jim turned to Bill and said, "Leave her we'll come see her later.let's go
fuck her friend, I'm horny."

Both men took great pleasure in vigorously fucking the blonde Becky in the
ass, but the true pleasure came 15 minutes later just before Jim was about
to blow his load up the screaming girl's ass. He smiled when he head them,
agonized screams like no other scream that either of them had ever heard.
The screams echoed down the hallway.  "She's awake!!" Fat Jim grunted and
blew his load into the sobbing blonde's anus. - Baer-chen




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Baer-chen(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





