BDSM Library - Lesbian domination




Lesbian domination
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 45 years old Lisa found a new domme for herself. Later she found out her daughter was a slave girl of her mistress too.
Lesbian domination

"Ginger Winters" 




Lesbian domination

"Ginger Winters" 


	Lisa was 45 and had been a Sub for over twenty years. Her mistress of the 
last five years, Wendy had recently moved away. Lisa had spent the last 
three months trying to find another Dom to please. But not just any Dom, she 
had to be a lesbian and not into pain in a big way. Lisa had several lesbian 
friends that she could spend a night or weekend with, but it just wasn't the 
same. She loved being dominated but no matter how hard she looked she 
couldn't seem to find a professional Dom anywhere... that of course was 
until her good friend Anne told her about a young but very professional Dom 
living in Scarsdale, just 20 miles down the road.

When Anne had told her about the woman she refereed to as Mistress Wanda, 
Lisa became intrigued.
"How old is she?"
"23," Anne said. "But she is real good, I swear."
Lisa scoffed. "What would she want with me? I have a daughter that age, 
surely she is looking for much younger women like yourself."

Anne smiled. She wasn't real that young. "I know 33 isn't old, but 45 isn't 
either, beside, after I told her about you she got really excited, I mean, 
she tried not to show it but I've been around her long enough to pick it up 
in her voice."
"Why would she get excited about someone like me?"
"Are you kidding Lisa? You look great, and when I told Mistress Wanda that 
you had been a Sub for over 20 years... well lets just say I could smell her 
excitement."
Lisa thought about it for a minute. She had never had a Mistress that was 
that young, and it would be great to have that part of her sexual lifestyle 
back.
"When can I meet her?" Lisa asked.
"I'll make a call tonight and set it up."

The next day Anne came over to Lisa's with a note in hand.
"I called Mistress Wanda and she gave me a list of instructions for you," 
Anne said as she handed Lisa the note.
Lisa scanned the paper. Mistress Wanda wanted her to wear a leather pushup 
bra that left her nipples exposed and leather crotchless panties. She wanted 
her finger and toenails painted red. She wanted her to wear her hair, which 
Anne must have told her was quit long, in a french brad. She also instructed 
her to shave her pussy around her labium.
Lisa smiled, Mistress Wanda obviously knew what she wanted.
"She wants you to attend to her Friday night at 7 PM."
Lisa nodded. "This will work out great, I was going to Scarsdale to see my 
daughter and do some shopping Saturday anyway."
Anne laughed. "I just hope you have the strength for that after Mistress 
Wanda is finished with you."
"Mmmmm, now that would be great," Lisa said.

Lisa pulled into the driveway of an old English style house in the suburbs 
of Scarsdale at 6:45. Anne was with her and Lisa waited until it was almost 
7 before getting out of the car. She and Anne had long coats on to cover 
their mostly nude bodies. Anne was dress like Lisa, in leather and exposed. 
Lisa rang the door bell.
"Enter."
Anne opened the door and they quickly stepped inside. Once the door was 
closed, both women dropped their coats to the floor.

Lisa's breath caught in the throat as she saw Mistress Wanda for the first 
time. The Mistress was 5'7, but stood closer to 5'10 with her heels. She had 
long sweeping blond hair that reach to her ass. Her breast where a healthy 
36C and filled out the leather halter top nicely. Mistress Wanda's belly 
button which was exposed held a large gold ring. A thin gold chain ran from 
the loop down and under the leather pants. Lisa watched as Mistress Wanda's 
bright blue eyes checking her out. The Mistress had a wide black collar and 
silver chain in her hand.

Mistress Wanda glanced over at Anne. "To my side."
Anne immediately took her place at her Mistress's side. Kneeing next to her 
left leg and holding her hair up and out of the way. Wanda placed the collar 
around Anne's neck, then attacked the chain to it, then locked the chain to 
the collar with a small golden lock.
Lisa then noticed a silver ring attached to the Mistress's leather pants and 
she hooked the other end of the chain to this.

"I wish to check you out,' Wanda said. "If you meet with my approval I will 
let you please me, if not..." She tugged on the chain around Anne's neck. 
"Then my little slut here will have to pay the price for bring me damaged 
goods." With that, Wanda slapped Anne across the face, turning her cheek 
bright red.
"Follow," Wanda commanded.
"Yes Mistress." Lisa said. As she followed behind Wanda, Lisa held back the 
smile that wanted to fill her face. The thought of licking this woman's 
pussy, a woman that was so very similar to her daughter... she could feel 
the juiced deep inside her pussy beginning to warm her slick pink tunnel.

Wanda lead them to a bedroom which had a king sized bed in the center with 
five or six feet free on all sides.
"Stand with your legs apart," Wanda ordered.
Lisa complied. Her pussy lips now glistened with her juices.
Wanda moved slowly around Lisa with Anne in tow. She inspected Lisa with her 
eyes, looking her over as if she was an animal at the auction.

"Spread your cunt lips," Wanda demanded.
"Yes Mistress." Lisa reach down and with both hands held her folds back 
exposing her bare slit. Droplet of her juices streamed from her entrance and 
threatened to drip on the floor.
"Slut," Wanda said as she pulled on Anne's chain. "Suck her cunt."
Anne slipped between Lisa's legs and ran her tongue into the wet folds of 
pink flesh. She worked her mouth into Lisa's pussy coating her mouth and 
cheeks with her juices and smell.
Lisa loved that Wanda used such strong words, she loved hearing the word 
`cunt' spoken aloud.

"That's enough." Wanda pulled Anne way from Lisa's pussy. "Let's see if your 
taste meets with my approval." She pulled Anne to her feet. Anne kissed her 
Mistress.
Lisa watched for a change in Mistress Wanda's expression, but her expression 
did not change. Obviously Wanda was an experienced Dom and would keep much 
of what she was thinking a mystery.
Wanda laid on the bed and spread her legs. "Bring me the vibrator that is on 
the dresser," she said to Lisa.
"Yes Mistress."
Lisa approached the dresser and as she reached for the vibrator Wanda 
shouted. "Not with your hands."
Lisa nodded.

Wanda fully expected Lisa to us her mouth to bring her the toy, but Lisa 
surprised her by putting one leg up on the dresser and lowering her pussy on 
to the vibrator. The head of the vibrator spread her wet lips and soon 
disappeared deep into her pussy. With fine muscle control Lisa held the 
vibrator in place and carried it to the bed.
Wanda put out her hand and Lisa let the vibrator slip out of her cunt.
Wanda then held the vibrator up to Lisa's mouth. "Clean it for me."
Lisa nodded and began to lick her juices off the toy. Once it was clean, 
Wanda handed it to Anne. "Keep this warm until I need it."
Anne took the vibrator and stuffed it up inside pussy.

"My slut tells me you have a daughter my age?"
"Yes Mistress," Lisa said.
"What's her name?"
"Karen."
"I see.. well we will talk more about your daughter a bit later. Slut, give 
me the vibrator now."
Anne pulled the dripping wet toy from her cunt and handed it to her.
Wanda then started to rub the juice covered toy on her nipples. "Now remove 
my pants," Wanda ordered of Anne.

Lisa watched as Anne worked Wanda's tight pants off her thighs and down to 
her ankles. Lisa's eyes were drawn to the thin gold chain that ran from 
Wanda's navel ring to her vagina. The end of the chain disappeared inside 
her pussy. Wanda's pussy was shaved completely and her pussy lips were small 
and compact.
"Do you want to kiss me Lisa?"
"Yes Mistress."
"Very well, but first you must brush your teeth. Slut, show her how you 
brush your teeth before kissing me."
"Yes Mistress," Anne said. Anne move to the night stand, the chain around 
her neck just letting her reach it. Inside was a tooth brush and she took it 
out. Anne stood and Lisa watched in amazement as she held her pussy lips 
aside with one hand and pushed the tooth brush up inside her vagina. After 
moving the brush around inside her pussy for a second, she pulled it out and 
brought it to her mouth. The brush dripped with her creamy juices and she 
brushed her teeth with it.

Anne returned the tooth brush to her cunt and repeated the act several more 
times. The last time she brushed just her lips, spreading her juices on 
them.
Then she leaned over and kissed her Mistress. Lisa watched as they kissed. 
She licked and sucked at Anne's mouth until every drop of her pussy juice 
was kissed off. Then she pushed Anne away.
"Your turn," she said.

Anne handed Lisa the toothbrush. Without hesitation Lisa parted her cunt 
lips and pushed the toothbrush deep inside herself. She turn the handle so 
that the brush scraped into her soft pink flesh. Then she pulled the 
toothbrush, coated in her secretions out and placed it in her mouth. Lisa 
always enjoyed the taste of her cunt juices, often when masturbating she 
would lick her fingers and smear her juices on her face and under her nose 
so she could smell herself. After a few seconds her mouth was thick with her 
taste. She followed the same actions that Anne had shown. With her mouth now 
as sweet as her pussy she waited for permission to kiss Mistress Wanda.

"Now kiss me."
"Yes Mistress." Lisa kissed her and felt Wanda's tongue as it washed over 
her cum soaked teeth. Wanda explored Lisa's mouth for several seconds, 
kissing her hard and deeply.
"Very good," Wanda said. "Now I want you to get between my legs."
Lisa moved to the end of the bed. The view was like a slice of heaven. 
Wanda's pussy was dripping in her secretions. Droplets of her juices ran out 
and down the gold chain that disappeared inside of her. That part of her 
excitement could not be hidden.

"I have a task for you to perform. Remove the chain from me. No hands!"
Lisa took the gold chain between her teeth and slowly pulled on it. Several 
inches slide free, her juices cling to the links. The end came into view and 
a golden key was attached to the end.
"Give it to Anne," Wanda said.
Lisa handed the key to Anne and Anne used it to unlock the small lock on her 
collar. Wordlessly, she got up and left the room.

"Now," Wanda said. "It's time for you to enjoy my cunt... eat!" Then she 
reached down and pushed Lisa's face full into her wet pussy.
Lisa sucked and licked at Wanda's womanhood. Her pussy tasted sweet and Lisa 
detected a strawberry flavor. As Lisa sucked at Wanda's cunt, she felt 
something sticky come in contact with her tongue. Slipping a finger into 
Wanda's pussy she pulled out a small, hard candy.
Wanda laughed. "Like it?"
Lisa smiled and sucked the candy into her mouth. Wanda pushed Lisa back into 
her folds and rocked hard against her face. Lisa heard her breathing become 
more intense and the muscles deep inside her vagina clutch at her fingers 
that she worked deep inside her. Lisa bite at her clit and scraped her 
finger nails into her fleshy, wet skin. Wanda screamed out as she began to 
cum. Lisa sucked and licked at Wanda's hole drinking her cum.

"Finger fuck my cunt and ass," Wanda ordered, after she got her breath back.
Lisa took her dripping wet fingers out of Wanda's cunt and pressed them to 
her puckered asshole. Then she pressed them deep. They easily entered her 
anus. Lisa smiled, Wanda obviously liked having this done as well. As Lisa 
moved two fingers in and out of Wanda's ass she pressed two fingers deep 
into her silky, sticky wet cunt. Her juices ran out of her and down to her 
anus. Lisa's fingers working her pussy juices into her ass. Then Lisa came 
across another candy inside Wanda's pussy. She pulled it out of her and was 
about to pop it into her mouth.
"No," Wanda said. "Push it into my ass."
"Yes Mistress."

Lisa took the candy and pressed it against Wanda's anus. Then pushed it up 
inside her ass. Wanda moaned and rocked her hips. Lisa forced her fingers 
back into Wanda's cunt and asshole, she finger fucked her hard and fast and 
Wanda exploded into another wild orgasm.
"Now, clean me up," she demanded.
"Yes Mistress."

Lisa pulled her fingers out of both her holes and licked her cunt and ass 
clean. The candy that was in her ass popped free and Lisa was quick to catch 
it in her mouth.
Wanda climbed off the bed. "Lay down." She said.
Lisa moved to the center of the bed.
"Spread eagle, legs wide, arms out to your side."
Lisa did as she was asked.

Wanda then tied Lisa's wrists and ankles to the four posts of the bed. She 
was quit snug. Then Wanda pulled a face dildo from a box under the bed. The 
face dildo was black and 8 inches long and after it was fastened to her 
face, Lisa found that she could not move much, nor could she speak. Wanda 
then took the vibrator that she had left sitting on the bed and stuffed it 
in Lisa's wet cunt.

"There, you look perfect. Now I have a very special surprise for you, after 
all you did such a good job making me cum, I am going to award you... Anne 
bring her in."
Lisa lifted her head a few inches off the bed, she could sit up just enough 
that the face dildo no longer obscured her view.

Anne came into the room followed by a girl with a wide black mask covering 
her eyes. She was nude and young. Her hair was blond and long, and her 
breasts sat high on her chest, nipples pointing out. A health 36C. There was 
something familiar about her.
Then Lisa realized it at the same time Wanda said. "Karen, I have a very 
special treat for you. You ate my cunt so well earlier that I am going to 
let you eat an even sweeter pussy, would you like that?"
"Oh, yes mistress," Karen said.

Lisa's heart pounded in her ears. Her daughter stood before her and was soon 
to be licking her mothers pussy, and she wouldn't even know it, nor could 
she say anything to stop it from happening.
Wanda reached over and grabbed the end of the vibrator that was sticking out 
of Lisa's pussy. She moved it around inside her for a moment, then pulled 
the juice covered toy out of her. Wanda held the vibrator up to Karen's 
nose.
Karen breathed in deeply.
"Like what you smell?" Wanda asked
"Oh, yes mistress," Karen said.
"Good, lick it clean."

Lisa watched as her daughter's tongue licked up one side of the silver shaft 
and down the other. Wanda pushed the end of the vibrator deep into Karen's 
mouth. Karen licked it clean.
"Now slut, that enough of seconds on her cunt, time for you to taste her 
warm wet slit." Wanda took Karen by the hand and lead her to the bed. She 
guided Karen between Lisa's legs, then let Karen act on her own.

"Oh, you smell heavenly," Karen said Upon reaching her mothers cunt. Then 
she lowered her face to Lisa's swollen vagina and sucked deeply at her wet 
fleshy folds. Lisa watched her daughter unknowingly eating her out. Drinking 
and sucking at her cunt juices. Tasting her secretions and loving every lick 
and every sticky drop of her cum.

Lisa was powerless to do anything but enjoy her daughters work. She had no 
idea that her daughter was Bi, or perhaps lesbian. But it was clear she 
loved to eat pussy. Karen's tongue worked her every fold, every crease of 
her vagina. She licked deep into her pink tunnel. Moans escaped from under 
the face dildo and Lisa's body shook as she started to cum. Karen feasted 
harder, wanting to make this woman cum. Wanda sat back, letting Anne finger 
fuck her cunt.

Lisa could hold back no longer and her cunt twitched and tightened and she 
squired her cum juices all over her daughters sweet face. Karen felt the 
warm stream of cunt juice spray onto her face and she opened her mouth wide 
and quickly covered Lisa's hole so not to waste a drop. Lisa came even 
harder as she watched her daughter dig her fingers into the folds of wet 
flesh and spread her cunt lips wider so that she could taste even more of 
her cum. Wanda let Karen lick and suck at her mothers cunt for another 
minute before coming to her side and giving her a kiss.

"You did very good, now we have to work on you."
Wanda had Karen move up to Lisa's face. Anne was already there holding the 
face dildo up. Lisa watched as Wanda guided Karen's pretty pink pussy over 
the dildo. Karen's cunt lips brushed the tip of the dildo and slowly she 
lowered herself onto it. Lisa was amassed at seeing her daughters cunt lips 
stretch open to engulf the shaft of the dildo. Her pussy opened wider to 
accommodate the plastic cock. Deeper and deeper the dildo went, until she 
had slipped all eight inches into her hungry cunt. Then she moved up off it, 
but did not let it slip out of her pussy. Lisa marveled at how much pussy 
juice her daughter left on the shaft of the plastic cock. It glistened and 
dripped of her cum and she could now smell her daughters cunt. A few drops 
of juice ran down the shaft and dripped into Lisa's mouth. Lisa moaned. Her 
daughter tasted wonderful.

Again and again Karen moved her cunt up and down on the dildo fucking 
herself on the face dildo, spilling more and more of her cum into her 
mothers mouth.
Wanda stopped Karen before she could make herself cum.
Wanda pulled Karen off the face dildo. "Suck the toy clean," she ordered.
Karen nodded, and with the assistance of Anne took the dildo in the mouth 
and began to lick it clean. Lisa watched her daughter lovingly lick her cunt 
juices off the dildo. She deep throated it, taking all eight inches into her 
mouth. Her lips were just an inch from her own and the desire to kiss her 
daughters mouth was so powerful, but would mistress Wanda let her, would she 
even let her daughter know she was fucking her own mother?

Once the face dildo was clean, Wanda leaned over and whispered in Lisa's 
ear. "I'm going to remove the face dildo. You will not say a single word, 
understood."
Lisa nodded yes.
"I'm going to let you eat her cunt. Nod if you want that."
Lisa nodded.
Wanda pulled the face dildo off her and gave it to Anne. Then she guided 
Karen back to Lisa's face. "Sit here and enjoy her tongue," Wanda said.

Karen lowered her sweet cunt to Lisa's face and Lisa covered Karen's hole 
and sucked greedily at her daughters cunt. She wanting to taste and drink 
every drop of her juice that dripped from her hot hole. She snaked her 
tongue up deep inside her cunt and was treated to her warm wet juices that 
stream out of her. Soon Lisa's mouth was full of Karen's cum juices and she 
was like a tap left on high. Her juices ran freely and Lisa sucked and 
licked up every drop. Lisa's tongue covered ever inch Karen's silky slit and 
as far inside as her tongue could reach. Karen's inner walls continued to 
produce a creamy, sticky juice that spread all over her mothers face. Lisa's 
nose, chin, cheeks, even her hair was dripping with her daughters cunt 
cream.

Then Karen cum in a powerful and quick orgasm. Lisa was surprised at how 
sudden and powerful it was and at the amount of juice that squired out of 
her hole. Mother, like daughter, Karen squired when she came as well.
After Karen stopped cumming, Wanda moved her off her mothers face. "Kiss 
her," she said. Karen's mouth found Lisa's and they kissed deeply. As they 
kissed and shared in her cum juices, Wanda undid the string that held the 
mask in place. "Keep your eyes closed until I tell you to open them," Wanda 
said.
Then she pulled the mask free. Lisa and Karen continued to kiss deeply, 
mother and daughter locked in an embrace.

"Open your eyes Karen," Wanda said.
Karen opened her eyes and looked into her mothers. She pulled back, not 
believing at first that it was her mother.
"Yes Karen, it's me," Lisa said.
"Oh my goodness!"
"It's okay Karen, I love you. Please don't be mad."
Karen smiled and then kissed her mother deeply again. Their tongues climbed 
over each others for several more seconds, then Karen broke the embrace. 
"Oh, mother I'm so happy to have the chance to make love to you, it has 
always been one of my childhood fantasies."
"It has been?" Lisa said.
"Yes, the day I knew I was a lesbian was the day I knew I wanted to make 
love to you."
Lisa and Karen kissed again, then Karen said. "Can I lick your pussy again 
mother, I didn't get to see it the first time."
"Oh yes, Karen, please do, but lets be in a sixty nine."

Karen moved so that her mother's face was in her cunt then she pressed her 
face into her mothers pussy. "Oh, it's so nice being able to see were I came 
from, to know this was once my home. And mother, after I have sucked your 
sweet cunt to another cum, I'm going to suck on your nipples like I did as a 
baby."
"Oh yes, Karen, that would be wonderful."

"Not so fast," Wanda said. "I'm running this show still. You are not to move 
from your sixty-nine, understand. I'll be back later and I'll expect to find 
you as I left you!"
Wanda stepped away from the bed, she grabbed Anne, who was now wearing the 
face dildo. "Come on slut," Wanda said to Anne. "I'm going to give your face 
a good workout."
Lisa sucked and licked her daughters cunt, then she pressed two fingers into 
her tight hole. Karen did likewise, pushing two fingers into her mothers 
vagina. "More," Lisa said.
Karen added a third finger.
"More, please."
Karen placed a fourth finger in her mothers cunt, then added her thumb.
"Yes dear... please fist me.... fist fuck my wet cunt."

Karen tucked her thumb into the palm of her hand and pushed slowly. Her hand 
traveled into her mothers twat, spreading her lips wider then she had ever 
seen a pussy stretched. The warm silky wall's of Lisa's cunt held Karen hand 
tightly and Karen moved her hand slowly back and forth, then in a small 
circle, one way, then the other. Lisa came hard, her juices pouring out of 
her. Karen sucked and licked at them and the sight of making her mother cum 
started her juices flowing and soon she was flooding her mouths face.
Both women enjoyed a powerful orgasm and after it was all over and they had 
lick each others pussy's clean. Lisa relaxed and was just enjoying the view 
and smell of her daughters pussy when Karen said. "Mother, I don't know what 
we should do, but I have to pee!"
Lisa smiled to herself. "We can't leave this position dear, can you hold 
it?"
"I think I can, but not for long."
"Are you uncomfortable dear?"
"Very."

Lisa opened her mouth and covered Karen's slit. "Go ahead dear," she said.
"Mom, I can't pee in your mouth!"
"Yes you can it's okay, I've done this so many times over the years. I've 
come to love drinking pee, and to get a chance to drink yours Mmmmm."
Karen didn't object, she had always wanted to try some watersports. Still it 
was a tough thing to do. She had never peed in some ones mouth before. Karen 
tried to release small squirts of pee so not to soak the bed, but she had 
been holding her pee for so long that once she started she could not stop. 
Her golden water streamed out of her and flood her mothers face. Lisa drank 
as fast as her mouth filled, up she needed to partly close her mouth to 
swallow and in doing so Karen's piss flowed around her lips and cascaded 
over her cheeks and down her neck.

Karen was trying to control herself, but was failing. "I'm sorry mom, I'm 
sorry," She kept saying, feeling that she had done wrong almost drowning her 
mother, and not only that, but completely soaking her as well.
"It's okay honey, I loved that. You can piss on me anytime, in fact I look 
forward to you doing it again."
Lisa then licked at the last few droplets still clinging to her daughters 
sweet cunt lips. Karen smiled and pushed her pussy to her mothers mouth.

10 minutes later Wanda returned and told them they could move from their 69. 
The she gave them permission to do whatever they wished. She noticed Lisa 
was soaked and smelled the faint aroma of urine.
She smiled at Lisa and Lisa knew Mistress Wanda would be using her as a pee 
slut too.

Karen rolled off her mother and came up and kissed her. Her hand was still 
covered in her cum from the fisting and they both enjoyed licking her hand 
clean.
"So mother are you still planning to stay with me this weekend?"
"Yes honey," Lisa said. "Nothing could stop that now."
"Good," Karen said, "But you will have to sleep in my bed and when in my 
bed, you have to play by my rules."
"And what rules would those be?"
"Well for starters, you can't go to sleep until you have washed my face with 
your cunt cream."
"Oh, I can do that," Lisa said. "What else?"
"You can't go to sleep until you have fucked my cunt with my strap-on 
dildo."
"Yes, honey I can do that... anything else."
"Well, let me think... after you have finger fucked me and eaten me out, we 
will just have to make the other rules up as we go alone."
"Yes we can," Karen said, and she kissed her mothers sweet mouth again.
"Oh and another thing Karen, you wont have to leave the bed to pee at night 
anymore."
Karen kissed her mother deeply again. No daughter could love her mother 
more.

END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ginger Winters


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





