BDSM Library - Australian Holiday




Australian Holiday
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jason's blind date had a very interesting change. He couldn't resist the beautiful mistress and give up all his life to become her slave.
Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


This story was written in alternating chapters by Lady Mowbray and
slave jason. Each chapter reflects their respective points of view.




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 1: Lady Mowbray


Amanda Mowbray walked up behind the lone man who was leaning on the
steel rail at the isolated lookout.

She cupped his bottom with one hand and said "I hope you are Jason."

He turned to see a tall blonde exactly as she had described herself
over the telephone: about 5 ft. 10 ins. tall, shoulder-length blonde
hair and blue eyes. She was wearing the clothes they had agreed to: a
button-through, long-sleeved white blouse and a blue wrap-around mini,
fastened with velcro. Although he couldn't see, he hoped she was
wearing a front-opening bra, crotchless white knickers, suspender belt
and black stockings.

" Yes," he said with obvious excitement.

" Come with me." It was a voice that was used to being obeyed.

He followed her meekly to her black Volvo car.

" Get in."

He complied.

" Now, put your hands back here."

She bent down behind his seat. As he did as he was told, he felt his
wrists being tied together behind the seat with a strip of cloth. She
leaned in front of him and opened the glove box. He could smell her
perfume and wanted to bury his face in her hair. Inside the box was a
small mirror with a strip of flesh- coloured surgical tape on it. She
peeled it off and placed it firmly across his mouth. She smiled as she
smoothed down the edges onto his cheeks. She got into the driver's seat
and started the engine.

Before moving off, she put her hand on his thigh and began to search
for his penis. She found it, hard and trapped against his leg by his
underpants.

" That's a good start," she said, patting it none too gently.

Then the car slid smoothly and silently out of the car park and onto
the empty highway.




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 2: slave jason


Jason had been in Australia only 3 days visiting a friend.  He didn't
expect to be set up on a blind date but Mark, his old college roommate,
thought that he should give Amanda call.

"You'll just love her, really," Mark goaded him.  "She has the same
interests as you, trust me."

Those words rang in Jason's ears.

"Trust him?" he thought.  "This clown was the campus practical joker.
Why should I trust him?"

Mark never pulled anything more than harmless pranks on Jason, but
it did usually involve dating and women.  The most memorable being
when he set Jason up on a date with a transvestite.  Harmless
hijinks but not very funny or original either.  One thing was for
sure this time, Amanda was all woman.

He spoke to her on the telephone for about an hour prior to their
date, but she seemed evasive on certain topics.  But she had a
sexy voice and did not lie when she described her good looks.

Since he would be heading back home to California in a week, they
agreed to cut to the chase and get right to the sexual part of the
relationship.

She set up a kidnapping scenario over the phone and Jason quickly
agreed.  He had always been interested in that type of thing, bondage
and such.  But he never really tried it with a complete stranger.  After
all, dominance and submission is based on trust.  What was this then?
Insanity, he decided.  But he couldn't deny the heightened arousal he
was experiencing at the hands of this long-legged goddess.

They were already on the highway for an hour when Jason took a peak
at Amanda.  She warned him on the phone that he was to keep his eyes
forward during the car trip.  But he hadn't expected the ride to last so
long and her scent was driving him mad with lust.  He glanced at her
from the pointed tips of her gleaming black pumps to the top of her
amber mane. She shot him a glare and he retreated.

Amanda intimidated Jason, certainly.  With her three inch heels she was
a full inch taller than him.  But now in the car, it seemed more like
twelve inches.  Whenever a truck or auto would pass, Jason sunk down
lower in his seat.  Nobody noticed him, who cared?

Finally, at sunset, the pair reached their destination.  They pulled up
to an iron gate which seemed to open magically, at least to Jason's
sleepy eyes.  In the distance, at the end of the road, stood the estate,
Amanda's estate.

Amanda parked the Volvo by the front door and went around to the
passenger side to release Jason.

"Quickly," she said, "my husband will be home in two hours."

Amanda untied Jason and ripped the tape from his mouth.  He didn't know
which stung more, his lips or his ears.

"Your husband?" Jason raised his voice.

Amanda gave him another one of those looks that would melt rivets from
a bridge.  He rephrased the question in more hushed tones.

"You didn't say anything about a husband."

Amanda invited Jason inside.  She had much to explain to him.  The foyer
was magnificent.  Tastefully decorated like the fine woman herself.
The house looked even bigger than from the outside, Jason thought.

"Yes I am married Jason.  But I don't want my husband to play any part
in this.  You are here under the pretense of my having hired you this
afternoon.  You are to be the estate's caretaker, the handyman, if you
will," Amanda softly and evenly explained.

Jason could not believe his ears.

"Hired me?  I'm going back home next week.  I have an important job
with countless responsibilities.  I went to college.  Handyman, indeed!"
Jason pleaded, but quickly backed off.

"I mean, Amanda, what's really going on here?  Is this some sort of
joke?  Did Mark put you up to this?"

Jason was actually starting to get teary-eyed.

Amanda let out a girlish giggle.

"I met Mark in a bookstore about a year ago.  Very pushy that one.  He
gave me his business card.  Wanted me to call him.  Well, I was doing
some Spring cleaning and found the card, coincidentally the same time
you arrived here.  I gave him a call and offered him the same deal as
I'm offering you now.  It is an offer, Jason. You could leave right now
if you want but once we start, there is to be no jumping ship in mid-
stream, so to speak.  Of course, I must be here when my husband arrives
so you'll have to make other arrangements."

Jason was dumbfounded.

"May I use your telephone?" he asked politely.

Mark did not answer the phone.

"Was that bastard in on this?" Jason thought to himself.

"By the way, Jason, don't bother calling a cab.  We're way too far out
in the country for that," Amanda chirped.  "And if you take my car I'll
simply report it stolen."

In resignation, Jason asked Amanda to elaborate on the future of their
relationship.

"Like I said before, you'll live here under the guise of a domestic
servant, doing odd jobs and the like.  When my husband leaves for work,
then your actual duties will commence.  Duties that my husband must
never know about.  You are to provide me with sexual pleasure, Jason, on
command.  I do enjoy hours upon hours of oral homage to my private
parts. I like nice long massages and foot rubs.  Oh, there are
countless ways that you can give me pleasure, Jason," Amanda purred,
her face a beaming mask of tranquillity.

Jason was given a tour of the house, each room bigger than the next.
The pair finally came to the end of a hallway as Amanda opened a door.

"What's this closet for, Amanda?" inquired Jason.

"That's no closet, silly.  That's your new home," came the snide reply.
"And by the way, that's Lady Mowbray to you from now on.  You forget
that even once and I'm afraid there may some unfortunate consequences."

Jason looked at his tormentrix, then at the cramped, sparse room.  There
was a bare lightbulb that hung from the ceiling and a mattress on the
floor.  That was about it.  One window with iron bars stood out like a
sore thumb.  Jason was invited to admire the view.  On tiptoes, he was
able to make out a swimming pool in the distance.

"Don't worry, Jason," Lady Mowbray said with honey in her voice.  "You
will soon learn to love it here.  More importantly, you will eventually
learn to love me."

Jason felt a rush to his temple.  He had a crush on her already.




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 3: Lady Mowbray


Lady Mowbray watched as he examined his new 'home.'

" There's one thing you have not noticed. Up there."

She pointed to a security camera high in the corner of the room.

" You will be monitored continuously to make sure that you do not play
with yourself or wank yourself off. There is no bedding for the same
reason. You will not be able to play tents."

He looked at her closely for the first time. She must have lied about
her height. She was at least 6 ft tall and in her high heels towered
above him. She was no chicken. 'Must be in her late 30s or early 40s,'
he thought. She had an unfashionable curvy figure. Her large breasts
threatened to pop out of the long flowing silk gown. He thought it must
be split up the sides, the way she just flowed along in it. She had big
hips but she was not overweight, there was no sign of a tummy.

The roots of her hair betrayed the fact that she was having trouble
maintaining the colour of her beautiful, blonde shoulder length hair.
She was the type of woman that any bar keeper would give his right arm
to have behind his bar. At parties she would annoy all the other women
by collecting all the men like bees to a honey pot. Yet at the same
time, she obviously had class and a lot of money.

" Well darling. I cannot see why you would want to go back to your old
life. I am a rich woman, very rich. I guarantee that all your on going
bills will be paid on time. If there is anything you want to sell, car,
flat, whatever, my people will get a good price. The money will be paid
into an investment account, along with a substantial monthly allowance.
Think of it. No more worries. No more office politics. No more sweating
over courses."

She handed him three documents.

" Here. Sign these. Never mind the fine print. Either you have the guts
or you don't. One is your resignation from your job on medical grounds,
complete with medical certificate. Another is an open letter to all
your friends, telling them you are going abroad and do not want to be
found. The other is your contract of employment with me for ten years."

She moved closer, allowing one long muscular leg to push the gown open
and to reveal that it was stocking clad. It was the sort of leg he had
seen on the stages at Las Vegas. She softly caressed his cheek and he
could smell her expensive perfume. He signed.

"Susie!"

A short, pretty, young girl, dressed in the standard French Maids
outfit, appeared round the door way.

" Put that down."

Susie put a holdall on the floor.

" Here. Post these two off right away. Put this one on my desk with a
paper weight on it."

" Yes madam."

She gave a brief curtsy, flashed a smile at Jason and left.




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 4: slave jason


"How did she know so much about me?"  Jason wondered.  "I mean my
job, my boss' name.  How did she know?"

Lady Mowbray handed Jason two plastic bags.  "One is for the contents of
your pockets, the other is for your clothes," she said to him, arching
one eyebrow.  She quickly turned on her heels and left, locking the door
behind her with an ominous CLICK.

Jason stood alone for the first time since he met his new Mistress.  It
was happening all so fast, he thought.  He was frightened but the mere
sight of Lady Mowbray, let alone the smell or the touch, excited him to
no end.  He was on the fast track in life, going to the right places,
meeting the right people.  So what was he doing here, in a dingy room at
an isolated manor, several continents away from home?  Jason
ruminated for several minutes before he got to the task at hand.  All
that he had in his pockets were his wallet, his passport, some spare
change, and his hotel key.  He put those in the bag and began to
disrobe.  Off came his royal blue Ralph Lauren shirt and Levi 501 jeans.
He sat on the mattress to pull off his Nike tennis shoes and his cotton
socks.  Finally, red-faced, Jason pulled down his Calvin Klein briefs
and hesitantly stepped out of them.

With two plastic bags on the floor by the door, Jason stood in the
corner by the window with his arms folded, a chill running up his spine.
He remained like that for an hour until he heard the familiar clicking
of Lady Mowbray's heels get louder and louder.  Finally the key slid in
the lock and his new employer appeared.  She had obviously just come
from a bath.  Her honey tresses still damp and clean scented, a slightly
parted robe doing nothing to suppress her ample bosom.  Jason got more
than a good view at her form this time.  Her long coltish legs perched
atop slippers seemed to go on forever until they disappeared under her
silk burgundy robe.

Jason's eyes widened.  Lady Mowbray actually flashed him.  A sneak peak
only, but done on purpose, he was sure.  She wasn't wearing anything
underneath the robe.  Her open-toed burgundy slippers also flashed him a
good look at her alabaster toes, a healthy pink glow to her nails
manicured perfectly and polished clearly.  Just like her lovely hands.
Lady Mowbray carried a goblet of Chardonnay in her right hand and seemed
rather mellow.  She looked like the cat who just ate the canary as her
blue eyes trailed down to Jason's noticeably erect penis.  It was
circumcised and 61/2 inches long but if you asked Jason, he'd tell you
seven.

Swallowing the last of the wine, Lady Mowbray put the glass on the
floor by the bags and proceeded to rummage through Jason's wallet.
She found travelers cheques, some credit cards, and of course his
passport.  The robe had a pocket from which Jason's new Mistress
produced a large pair of shears.  He swallowed hard as Lady Mowbray
checked the sharpness of the blade on his driver's license.  She started
to laugh deeply from her diaphragm.  Jason thought she might be drunk.
In the blink of an eye, she sliced to ribbons all of Jason's valuables:
passport, credit cards, travelers cheques, everything.  Even his
clothing was not spared.

Lady Mowbray sauntered over to the distraught man with her empty wine
goblet.  She swabbed the inside of the glass with her long porcelain
finger until it was wet.  She moved in on her new conquest until he was
enveloped.  Her clean fresh scent and damp hair aroused him further.
The toe of her heeled slipper purposely stepped on poor Jason's
unprotected toes until he let out a stifled moan.  Lady Mowbray then
raped his mouth with her index finger, probing it, exploring it.  Jason
just stood there and took it, took it all.  His Goddess breathed deeply
and studied him through heavy eyelids.  He felt her breath on his cheek.
Suddenly, Lady Mowbray replaced her finger with her tongue, her warm wet
pink tongue.  It still tasted of grape and Jason returned her kiss with
a passion that surprised him.

Just as suddenly, Lady Mowbray pulled away and waved her finger at him.

"You shouldn't take advantage of me like that darling.  Don't you
realize that I'm the weaker sex?" she said mockingly.  "I must go now
and join my husband for dinner.  Susie will be here soon to feed you.
See you in the morning my pet."




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 5: Lady Mowbray


Jason lay on the bare mattress staring at the camera.

" I wonder who is watching? Maybe they are recording it? My God! What
if they send copies to my friends?"

He was saved from his imagination when he heard the key turn in the
lock. Susie, and a mirror image of her, entered the room.

" Who's this?" he asked abruptly.

" This is Sarah. My twin sister. Double trouble." She moved close to
her, put her arm around her and kissed her cheek.

" My God," he thought. " Lesbians."

His mind ran wild. Recalling all the stories about what lesbians did to
men if they had one. Susie was carrying a plastic bag. In it were four
short, broad, straps with silver coloured D rings. One longer strap
with a D ring, a length of Lycra material and a leather lead. He felt
his erection rising at the sight of the two young girls and the
contents of the transparent bag.

" Oh, look.  He is pleased to see us," said Susie as she threw the four
short straps at his now erect cock.

" Put these on.  On your wrists and ankles," she added after a pause
and a grin.  "Nice and tight. If we have to tighten them you won't like
it."

While he was doing that, she went out the door for a moment and returned
with a bowl of porridge, which she put on the floor, since there was no
table.

When he had the straps on his wrists and ankles, he looked back at the
girls and noticed for the first time that Sarah was carrying what
looked like a two foot length of orange coloured broom stick, with two
short nails in the end.

" What's that for? There's no need for violence."

Sarah lunged at his bare foot, stabbing it with the prongs. " This! You
mean?"

The electric shock stabbed up his body, paralyzing him for a second.

" Shit! That hurt."

" It's a cattle prod. Her Ladyship thought we might find it useful in
your early days of training."

"Stand up."

" Turn around."

Jason felt his wrists being fastened together by a short length of
chain and two small padlocks.

"Now, eat."

" I can't."

" On your knees, slave."  The two girls held his arms while he kneeled
down.

" Now, lick it up."

He began to lick the porridge from the bowl, spilling some on the floor.

Susie took the bowl away. " Clean it up."

When he had licked the tiles clean, she replaced his bowl.

Sarah was standing behind him and had a good view of his large balls
hanging down between his legs.  She held the cattle prod perilously
close to them. Susie saw her and shook her head.

" Ohhh, you spoil all my fun."

Instead, she kneeled down and began to stroke his balls.

" Keep eating," commanded Susie.

After a few moments, lubrication began to run from the tip of his hard
cock, joining it to the tiles with a silken thread.

" That's more mess you are going to have to lick up."

When he had finished eating, Susie squatted down in front of him, her
short skirt well above her knees. Watching his face, she slowly opened
her bent knees. Jason had a lovely view down her thighs to her nylon
clad pussy. A few pubic hairs were escaping from the tight white
material.

" You like looking up women's skirts do you? "

He nodded.

Lady Mowbray also made a note of this, in the comprehensive dossier she
was recording about him.  She made a mental note to thank her husband
for his choice. His Profilers and private eyes had made an excellent
choice of a potential sex slave for her. She understood they had made a
start by hacking into an e-mail archive.  She turned off the monitor
and went to her specially equipped bedroom.

Susie stood up, lifted her skirt and very slowly pulled down her
knickers. She stepped out of them and carefully folded them with the
crotch on the outside. She then placed them over Jason's mouth, with
the crotch under his nose. Her other hand was behind his head, holding
it still.

" Smell me," she said, gritting her teeth.

Sarah fetched the strip of Lycra from the bag.

Without warning, Susie pulled his hair then stuffed her knickers into
his open mouth.  Sarah tied them tightly in place with the Lycra.  They
then put the last strap round his neck and clipped a lead onto it.

" Come on. We are going to see her Ladyship. She will have been
watching and will be randy by now."

Susie led him down the corridor. Sarah followed, carrying the prod.




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 6: slave jason


The trio traveled the rather long route to the west wing.  This was
where Lady Mowbray maintained her personal and private bedroom with its
adjoining study.

"Enter," answered the Mistress of the house upon hearing Sarah's gentle
knock.  "Thank you girls, you may retire."

Jason was once again alone with the new center of his universe.  Lady
Mowbray's eyes devoured the bound man's nude form.  Before he averted
his eyes, Jason caught a fleeting glimpse of his Goddess.  Her flaxen
locks were tied back into a ponytail by a candy apple red scrunchie.
It gave a severe bite to her creamy complexion but elegantly
highlighted her ivory neck.  To him she seemed a paradox.  A certain
kind of feminine intensity seeped from her pores.

Lady Mowbray had changed out of her kimono into an oversized cotton
t-shirt with matching jade green knickers. She was barefoot.  Her
luscious hourglass figure made Jason swoon. She had curves in all the
right places and when she was in close proximity, he felt his heart turn
into apple sauce. He was especially fond of her rump and could not
describe the sensations that he felt while in her presence. Sure there
was trepidation, fear even. But there was something else, something
deeper.  Even Jason could not comprehend it.

Jason suddenly realized how horny he was.  His testicles hung heavy
and low and his erection had not subsided since he stripped to his
birthday suit. He had not had a regular role in the hay for about two
months. Before this current madness, Jason decided to devote his full
resources to work and was even too tired for masturbation.  His vacation
was a job requirement, so he decided to unwind overseas. He used the
money (that was originally earmarked for moving to a bigger apartment)
for his travel expenses instead.  Jason just couldn't find the right
apartment. He was a perfectionist. Ironically, he now found himself
living in the biggest of houses.

Jason normally had no problem attracting women.  Unfortunately, they
were all too often the wrong kind.  Bimbos, airheads - Jason had them
all.  But, to him, these "girls" were just empty calories.  He never
really experienced a real woman.

The Barbie dolls in the local joints always were attracted to his type:
boyish, but rugged enough, well-groomed short dark brown hair, clean
shaven.  Jason was not overly muscular but was proud of his runner's
body and tried, always, to lose more weight. Lean and mean, he was fond
of calling it.  His body was not overly hairy either, just a thatch of
dark chest hair tapering down to his privates.

"I'll be right back, don't go anywhere," cooed Lady Mowbray.

Jason stood barefoot on the plush white carpet with his hands still
chained behind him. He stood in front of the bureau, where the twins
left him, his knees leaning against the velvet cushion of the bench.
The leash hung from his neck as he chewed on Susie's soiled undies.  He
looked down at his engorged cock and bloated testicles.  Again, a
string of seminal fluid traveled from the head of his penis to the red
velvet below.  It was hardly noticeable but the young man did not want
to anger his Ladyship by defiling her furniture.  He especially did not
want to experience the taste of the infernal cattle prod again.
Embarrassed, Jason desperately looked for something to clean it up.
Realizing this was a strategic impossibility, he moved to the other
corner of the room, ignoring his transgression.

Lady Mowbray entered from her study with a book which she then placed on
the nightstand.  Jason couldn't see the title but it was a hardcover.
She approached him with a condom and rolled it down his penis.  She must
have somehow witnessed his "accident."  At her bed, she pulled the
comforter away and placed it on a chair in the corner.  Finally, Lady
Mowbray sunk down into the thick mattress which was covered in champagne
colored silk sheets.  It struck Jason that, at this moment, her Ladyship
reminded him of a simple college girl with her legs tucked up to her
chest and her nightshirt pulled over her knees, her head buried in a
book.

But Lady Mowbray did not forget her slave's presence.  For just a
second, she lifted her nose out of the book and curled her index finger
at him. Like a magnet, he followed her hand as she patted the sheet
between her legs.  Soon, Jason and Amanda resembled some sort of
hedonistic sculpture. She, supine with her legs bent and spread and he,
between them on his knees with his hands under lock and key.  Lady
Mowbray reached forward to remove the Lycra strap and pulled Susie's
panties from Jason's mouth.  She grabbed his leash with her other hand.

"You may pay homage to my female essence now slave," Lady Mowbray
intoned. "You know, how do you Americans say it? Eat me out."

Jason looked into the sea that was her eyes and quickly fell forward
onto his shoulders.  It was awkward, but he managed it without falling
on top of his Mistress.  Amanda raised her pelvis and pulled her t-
shirt up to her flat belly.  That's when he realized that she was nude
below the waist. The sight of her buried treasure took Jason's breath
away.  Jason breathed in her natural musk as she casually stroked his
hair like she might pet a dog.

Jason prepared for the task at hand for he never did this to a woman
without the use of his hands.  "I'll have to be twice as good to
accomplish half as much,"  he thought ridiculously to himself as his
brain went into overdrive.  But if his brain was in overdrive then his
cock threatened to break the sound barrier.

Jason began by nuzzling Amanda's inner thigh.  It was already warm and
moist from body heat.  He timidly started to place tender kisses all
over it.  Soon, he traced the tip of his tongue along her thigh toward
her pussy and back down again.  The bedroom suddenly seemed more humid
as Jason collected Amanda's sweat with his tongue and swallowed it.  He
repeated this on her other thigh then gently licked his way along the
crease coming to her fragrant womanhood.

Jason nuzzled Amanda's bush with his face and lightly brushed his lips
over her slit.  From Jason's vantage point, all that he saw from
between her legs was that damned book. She wouldn't even give him the
satisfaction of pretending to feel pleasure. That did it. He would
force her to reveal to him that the experience was pleasurable.  Maybe
not with words, but she would eventually admit it.

Jason again brushed his lips over Amanda's slit.  He then planted them
right on top and kissed gently.  The captive slave savored every minute
of this, for all that he went through was now worth it.  Her smell, her
taste - Jason wished it would remain on his lips forever.  He used his
hot tongue to separate Amanda's pussy lips and swabbed up and down
between her dampening folds.

He sensed that she was responding so Jason started to kiss Amanda's
pussy harder and again ran his tongue up and down between the pink
layers of flesh.  Like a dog, Jason used his head to coax his Mistress
to open her legs wider and she responded, face still buried in the
hardcover.  He quickly pushed his tongue in and out of her sultry
pussy, then slowed down deliberately.  Up and down the length of
Amanda's pink lips ran Jason's tiring tongue, with nary a peep out of
the woman.  He made gentle assaults on Amanda's clitoris and the book
began to wobble.  Her clit began to get a tongue bath as Jason was
determined to please his Mistress even as his own cock threatened to
cut a hole in the mattress.

The sole of Amanda's left foot started rubbing the bedsheet as Jason
continued his humble assault on her divine flesh.  It soon began to
torridly grind the sheet, popping its corner from the mattress. Her
legs began to quiver and Jason took Amanda's clit in his hot mouth and
started to suck, first mildly then he pretended to try and swallow it.

Lady Mowbray writhed and tried to suppress her moans.  She lifted her
hips as an orgasm approached.  Jason almost fell out of the bed as he
could barely keep his balance while she clamped down on his head.  Like
a rodeo cowboy, his hungry mouth held onto Amanda's clit during the wild
ride.

Before she barely had time to recover, Jason urged his soft tongue
underneath Amanda's clitoris and began to tongue fuck her sopping pussy.
His neck stiff, Jason greedily swallowed her vaginal secretions which
sated his thirst but not his libido.  Jason lost count after her third
orgasm, but greedily lapped away as her honey flowed freely.

Sated, Lady Mowbray stretched out languidly and purred.  Her hardcover
was on the floor and her slave was still between her legs, his face
shiny and red.  Struggling, Jason got back up on his knees as his eyes
drank in the Goddess before him.  He licked his lips as his swollen cock
jutted obscenely in front of him.




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 7: Lady Mowbray


Lady Mowbray slowly raised one muscular thigh and gently pushed him off
the bed. He fell on one shoulder and his hip onto the thick carpet. The
book fell and lay near him on the floor. He could just see part of the
title. ' The Marquis De Sade.'

Amanda reached for the bedside bell push. A few minutes later, the
terrible twins arrived.

" Yes Madam."

They grinned at Jason, sprawled at their feet. His cock still hard and
erect.

" Prepare us."

" Yes Madam."

Lady Mowbray stretched out spread-eagled on the bed. The girls tied her
wrists to the top bedposts and her ankles to the bottom ones. They then
put a pillow under her hips, raising her pussy and putting it on offer.
The girls then unclipped Jason's lead and clipped it on the chain
joining his wrists. They then tied the end to the chain joining his
ankles. He was in a loose hog-tie. They then removed his condom,
spending some time stroking his stomach, thighs and balls. The girls
then retired to sit in two plush armchairs to watch the fun. Amanda
raised her head to try and see him.

" Come and collect your reward. You can take me as many times as you are
able."

She raised her pussy just a little higher. Jason was in a kneeling
position beside the bed.

" I can't, Madam."

" I hate wingers. Girls, gag him with your knickers."

The girls almost ran to obey. They stood in front of him, raised their
short skirts and lowered their knickers. Susie stuffed hers in his
mouth and tied them in place with a strip of cloth from under the bed.
Sarah folded hers carefully and placed them over his gag and under his
nose again tying them in place with another strip of cloth. He could
just breathe and each breath was filled with the smell of the girl's
cunts.

" Come on. Take me. I'm waiting. Fuck my brains out."

Eventually, Jason managed to half roll onto the bed and ended up
falling on his back between her legs. Amanda raised her head. She could
just see the tip of his cock stuck in the air.

" It's no use to me up there."

He struggled until his gagged face was resting on her open cunt. He was
breathing heavily and with difficulty. The two girls sat and watched in
fascination, and began to play with themselves to produce lubrication.
Eventually he turned and positioned himself kneeling between her legs.
His cock was up at forty five degrees. He had to get it down. He fell
forward heavily onto Amanda.

" Oooff. You oaf. You'll pay for that."

His cock was now at the correct angle, the tip poised to enter her. As
he thrust forward, she raised one thigh and his cock plunged into the
join of her thigh and her tummy. The pain of the impact was enough to
prevent him shooting his load all over her stomach. Tears of
frustration were now mingling with the sweat on his face. He was
struggling to get enough air. Amanda raised the other thigh. It was
then he realized the ropes round her ankles were not actually tied to
the bed.

She gripped him in her powerful thighs, lifted him to the edge of the
bed and dropped him back on the floor. She got off the bed and untied
his lead joining his wrist to his ankles.

" You're useless."

She kneeled astride his face.

" Here. Have a close look at what you have missed out on."

She lowered her large cunt until it enveloped his face. Again he had
trouble breathing. Amanda nodded to the girls. Susie collected an
artificial latex vagina from a drawer and checked the batteries in it.
Sarah collected a specimen jar and screwed it on to the base of the
vagina. They both collected the lubrication from their pussies with
their fingers and lubricated the latex vagina. Susie then sat astride
his chest. Her back touching Amanda. Amanda promptly put her arms
around her and began to tease her nipples. Sarah undid the chain
between his ankles. Pushed his legs apart and kneeled between them,
holding onto his legs. Susie very carefully took hold of his cock and
placed the tip just inside her vagina.

Jason realized where his cock was and pushed forwards as best he could.
Susie let him enter a short distance a couple of times, then took his
cock out of her and put it in the latex vagina. In his highly excited
state, Jason did not notice the difference. He only managed a few
thrusts before he shot his load.

He then felt the vibrator come on and realized he had been fooled.
Susie relentlessly moved the vagina backwards and forwards. The vibrator
increased in intensity. Again he shot his load.

Sarah then began to stroke his thighs and balls.  After some time of
this intense stimulation he again climaxed, but shot very little semen.
Amanda slapped Susie on both her thighs and Susie stood up. Holding the
vagina high, she watched as his semen ran into the jar at the bottom.
Amanda lifted up slightly, removed Jason's gag, and then sank right
down onto his face and gripped his head tightly with her thighs. He
thought his ear drums would burst and he began to suffocate. Suddenly,
a small quantity of liquid flooded into his mouth and nose. He choked
and swallowed most of it. The after smell told him it was urine. Lady
Mowbray got off him. He gasped for air.

"He seems to have done fairly well...for a first time."

Lady Mowbray looked down at her victim.

"Sixteen millilitres -- and he managed to swallow even if he didn't
manage to fuck me."

All three women laughed.

" Take him back to his room. Remember, I want his dick hard and erect
at all times."

She looked at it hanging limply between his legs.




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 8: slave jason


Jason and the twins headed back to the west wing.  It was still only the
first day at the manor for the young man, but it already had taken its
toll on him.

Susie and Sarah half dragged and half carried him to his cell-like room.
It was midnight and the moon was full.  They lay Jason out on the
mattress when Susie complained about his sagging manhood.

"This simply will not do, Sarah.  Will you look at this," the young girl
pouted.

She took a fingernail and scratched at the clump of retreating flesh.
Jason was too exhausted to even flinch as he tried to comprehend what
he had just experienced.  Lady Mowbray's salty nectar still lay on his
tongue as he licked his lips and tried to imagine them still pressed to
her divine womanhood.

"Sarah, you get the harness and I'll see what I can do about this,"
Susie said, wrinkling her brow in mock disgust.

The maid was still nude underneath her skirt and bent down to straddle
Jason's head, facing his feet.  She lowered her auburn bush and seething
pussy to Jason's lips.  His hands hurt terribly, pinned behind him as
they were, and the chain and padlocks dug into his backflesh.

Susie rubbed her raging cunt up and down Jason's slick face, from his
hairline to the tip of his chin and back again.  She was randy and
wasn't going to let this opportunity slip by.  At first, Jason failed to
respond and the girl found herself grinding away at Jason's nose,
looking for some feeble penetration.  Susie was strong but her frame was
slight.  Nevertheless, she pounded her 100 lbs. down onto his face to
get any kind of response from him.  She finally decided to smother him
in order to get the attention of his servile tongue.

Susie enveloped Jason's nose with her anus and his mouth with her pussy
as her determination peaked.  She ground her pert rump into his features
and hit paydirt.  Jason breathed in the scent of her delicate rosebud as
he swallowed Susie's drippings.  She relented the furious smothering
when he finally started to lap at her clitoris.  His wilted cock began
to wake up as Sarah returned from her errand.

"I see that his little willy wants a midnight snack.  Well it'll have to
settle for this I'm afraid," Sarah remarked waving a leather and metal
contraption in the air.

While her sister was just getting comfy with the action she craved,
Sarah got on her knees to apply the harness to Jason's half-erect
organ. Thin strips of leather separated each testicle and snugly
encircled the whole sac. A D-ring was connected underneath.  The
attached leather cock cage had a series of metal rings, starting at the
base and ending just under the head.

The result was a firm fit that caused his balls to stick out like two
plums.  But the discomfort that Jason felt would increase two-fold
as his erection grew to full-mast.  The straps became tighter and
tighter as Susie's cunt became looser and looser.  Her juices dripped
down Jason's cheeks and chin, soaking the mattress.  Without any
bedsheets, Jason would be getting used to that fragrance.

As his cock throbbed in its prison and his appetite increased, Jason
soon began dry-humping the air.  The twins just looked at each other and
giggled.  Sarah took the heel of her pump and lightly grazed the head of
his cock, but quickly pulled away when he tried to rub up against it.

"Okay, Susie, we can finish this in our room, without this... this..
man," Sarah barked as the twins turned to the video camera and winked.

The capricious vixens left the tiny prison arm in arm, stepping over the
prostrate man in the process.

Jason was left alone, damp with Susie's juices, as he lay on the wet
musky mattress.  His cock was like a chunk of granite as he thought
about his overseas trip and contemplated the moonlight.  He had planned
to look up his old college flame, Justine, and see what she was up to.
Jason heard through the grapevine that she was in Jakarta on a business
trip.  He wanted to surprise her on his way home when he heard that she
was still single.  He had hoped to rekindle something with her.  Just
then, he drifted off to a fitful sleep.




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 9: Lady Mowbray


Lady Mowbray watched as Jason fell asleep and his erection faded. As
his cock wilted, the pain from the rings of his cock cage must also
have reduced.

" That's no good," thought Amanda. "I need some way to keep him hard all
night. I will get better semen production that way as well."

She went into her library to study some catalogues.

She was on the telephone first thing the next morning, ordering some new
devices. She then went to see her new plaything. The twins were just
leaving with his empty bowl.

" Has he licked up every drop?"

" Yes madam. Like a good puppy."

" We need a name for it. I think Jenny would be a good name."

Amanda bent down and clipped a lead onto the D ring on the strap around
his balls.

" Come on. We need to christen you."

She pulled on the lead.

" Ouch."

He arched his back as his balls stretched. Then he managed to get to
his knees and stand.

" I've told you about whining before. Gag him girls."

" I'm sorry madam, but we don't have one with us."

" Alright. You should carry one with you at all times. You could hook
it on your belt. Sarah, go to your room and get the ring gag. We'll
meet you in the bathroom."

Jason was dragged to the bathroom by his balls.

" On your knees."

Amanda moved close and opened her split skirt. Jason thought she wanted
him to eat her pussy, so he eagerly but awkwardly got onto his knees.
Amanda held her skirt open, so that her pussy, clad in blue silk was
inches from his face.

" Hog-tie him."

Susie and Sarah always enjoyed their work and were always smiling.
Having learned from her mistake over the gag, Sarah now had some
lengths of nylon cord hanging from her belt. She took one length and
tied an end to the chain holding his wrists together. Then she threaded
the other end through both D rings on his ankle cuffs. Threading it
back through the wrist chain, she pulled as hard as she could. His feet
came off the tiles, leaving him balanced on his knees.

Amanda moved closer and buried his face in her silk covered pussy.
Holding his head tight, she kept him balanced on his knees while Sarah
tied off the cord. Amanda twisted his collar around, so that its D ring
was at the back of his head.

Sarah realized what was wanted. She tied another length of cord to the
D ring.

" Now his balls," said Amanda.

With great glee, Sarah passed the cord through the D ring on the strap
around and separating his balls. She pulled. Amanda muffled his cry
with her pussy, moving forward and pushing his head back, so that the
cord could be tightened further. His balls were now pulled back between
his legs and his caged cock was pulled down to the horizontal. Amanda
gave Susie his lead which was still attached to his collar.

" Tie it to one of the taps."

She then took another length of cord. Tied it to the D ring on his cock
cage and the other end to a cupboard door. She carefully adjusted the
tension so that he was balanced on his knees, with his feet off the
floor. If he leaned back, his cock was stretched. If he leaned forward,
his balls were stretched. She stood back, admiring their handiwork.

"One last finishing touch."

Amanda took the small chrome ring from Sarah. It had straps attached.
She pulled his hair. While his mouth was open, she put the ring inside
and fastened the straps at the back of his head. Jason was now
effectively gagged, but at the same time, he could not close his mouth.

" Now girls, time for the christening, I think."

She unfastened her skirt, letting it fall to the floor. Then she
dropped her knickers. Susan and Sarah did the same.

" Better collect them. We don't want them getting wet."

Susie collected their skirts and knickers. Putting them on top of the
laundry basket. The three women stood close to his head. Their thighs
touching so they could feel each other's warmth. Sarah and Susie got
excited. They loved being close to Amanda and they loved the sight of
her large furry pussy. Jason had the best view. His face was totally
hemmed in by thighs and pussies. The two girls put their hands on
Amanda's thighs. When she didn't brush them off, they became bolder and
began to explore her lips. The cunt in front of his face became moist.
The lips were opened. Expert fingers sought out and found her
large clit.

Jason watched helplessly as she eventually climaxed, pushing her hips
forward so that some of her lubrication touched his nose. His stretched
balls ached. His stretched cock was tightly imprisoned. Engorged with
blood, it too ached. His lubrication was reaching to the tiles. He
suddenly remembered how he would have to clean it up. He wanted to say
he was sorry, but he could not speak.

" Enough," said Amanda abruptly. " Let's get on with the ceremony."

She stood astride his ring-gagged upturned face.  Smiling down at him,
she said, " I hereby christen you Jenny."

She urinated all over his head. He was unable to move an inch. Some
went into his mouth.

" Drink it," said Sarah as she gave a vicious tug at the cord leading
to his balls.

When Amanda had finished, Sarah stood astride him and pissed on his
face. She had a smaller cunt and better aim. Susie then pissed on his
upturned face. Again she was a good shot, most of it going straight
through the chrome ring. Jason choked and spluttered. His involuntary
movements had caused him extra pain.

The three women then left him. They went into the shower all together
and there was much giggling and splashing. Jason's knees ached. His
balls ached. His cock ached. His wrists, ankles, and neck were sore
where the urine soaked into the leather. He dare not relax and tried to
keep the tension on his cock and balls even.




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 10: slave jason


As the steam from the hot shower hung heavy in the air, Jason tried to
get accustomed to his awkward position.  This was probably his worst
hour under the rule of Lady Mowbray and he struggled with it.  His
normally flat belly was bloated with the piss of the three women now
bathing together to his immediate left.  All he had to eat in the last
24 hours was that funny-tasting porridge and the secretions and urine
of the three women.

Jason slightly turned his head to the left. He wanted to look at the
she-devils through the curtain. Only for a split-second, though, for his
trapped testes would not permit it.  A stifled moan escaped from his
painfully stretched lips.  But nobody heard it.  Instead, the room was
joyful with the sounds of splashing and giggling.  Sarah shampooed
Amanda's golden hair as her sister tended to the bottom half. Then the
twins took turns shampooing each others copper tresses as Amanda left
the shower first.  She walked over to the bound young man as clean
droplets trickled onto the tiles.  Jason took a good look at his
Mistress and his cock threatened to burst its prison.

"My, my, Jenny.  Your 'clit' looks like it needs some relief," Amanda
teased.  "However it needs some time to build up its resources.  You
will keep it nice and hard for me though, won't you lover?  You know,
Jenny.  You look so cute trussed up like that with that gag.  Perhaps
I'll change your title from handyman to toilet slave.  You seem to fit
into this room rather perfectly.  I'm sure you could swallow lots of
things," she said rather ominously.

Amanda stroked Jason's short hair as the sisters approached their boss
and proceeded to dry her with a big soft peach towel.

"I think this will have to grow out," she said, grabbing a handful of
dark brown hair and sharply pulling forward.

Jason's tortured sac was unmercifully pulled up towards his collar and
his eyeballs nearly popped from their sockets.  A tortured howl escaped
from his parched lips as Amanda laughed throatily. Her icy blue eyes
bore into Jason's bewildered brown ones. As frightened of her as he was
at this moment he still couldn't resist her. What an exquisite creature
she was, like a long-stemmed yellow rose. Her haughty visage was up to
something, he thought.

Just then, Amanda pulled away and thrust forward, spitting from her
lovely pink lips a glob of saliva that shot into Jason's gaping mouth.
It was a perfect bullseye, the twins remarked as they combed each
others red hair. With his head pulled back to his balls, he had no
alternative but to swallow. Amanda smiled, exposing her pearly whites
and sat on the toilet next to her slave as Susie combed her sun-kissed
hair.

The trio soon left Jason alone in his strict hog-tie, balanced
precariously on his knees.  He watched as the women walked out totally
nude.  But his brown eyes zeroed in on the nude in the center, his
owner Amanda.  He watched the undulations of her well-rounded derriere
and wished that his trapped tongue could bathe its luscious surface.

Jason realized that this little show was for the explicit intent to
build a semen reserve within him.  Well, he thought, it certainly was
working as pre-cum trailed along the lead pulling at his cock. His
balls bulged like a pair of purple plums and the rings cut into the
flesh of his penis.  Jason felt like he'd never been hornier.

While their pitiful slave wallowed in the bathroom of the west wing,
Susie and Sarah prepared for the evening's festivities.  Amanda,
meanwhile, decided to take a nap on the leather sofa near the kitchen.
About ninety minutes later, she was awakened by a discordant clang.
Sarah dropped a pot and ran into the next room to apologize for the
disturbance.

"I'm sorry ma'am, it won't happen again," she confessed.

"Sarah," Amanda asked glancing at the clock on the wall, "Did either you
or your sister release it from its bondage?  It's been nearly two hours,
you know."

"Forgive me ma'am, but Susie and I are preparing for tonight.  We must
have forgotten."

"Release him immediately and bring him here."

"Yes ma'am."

Sarah headed to the west wing and when she opened the bathroom door she
was met with a horrid sight.  Jason was still on his knees in the hog-
tie, only he was shivering uncontrollably.  The muscles in his neck and
thighs were spasming and drool oozed from the corners of his gaping
orifice.  Oh, yes, and he peed all over himself.  He knelt in a puddle
of his own urine and the stench hit Sarah full in the face.

His cock was now as purple as his balls but Jason was silent - no moans,
nothing. Trying to avoid the puddle, Sarah leaned forward and quickly
removed him from his bonds.  Even his hands were free for the first
time in 24 hours. Only his cock and balls were still encased in that
cursed harness and the chrome ring-gag remained affixed.  Sarah ordered
him to shower and clean the bathroom and to report to Lady Mowbray
immediately.

Wobbly, Jason completed his appointed tasks and made his way to the east
wing.

Lady Mowbray reclined on the ivory leather sofa with a portable CD
player and headphones wrapped around her lovely head. With brilliant
blue eyes tightly clenched, her slim bare feet hung over an armrest and
idly conducted an imaginary orchestra.  Amanda bit the corner of her
shiny lower lip as she became more and more detached from her
surroundings.  She had been listening to Bach's Air on a G String when
she was rudely interrupted.

Jason just stood there staring down at the floor.  He couldn't speak and
was ashamed of his appearance.  He was actually there for 5 minutes
before Amanda noticed him at the far corner of the couch.  She took the
big toe of her right foot and gently scraped a bit of seminal fluid off
the tip of Jason's member.

"On your knees, Jenny."

He quickly complied as Amanda soothed the cream into Jason's parched
lips with her delectable toe.  Oh, how Jason wanted rip out that
horrible gag and plant soft sweet kisses on that savory ped. Instead,
he enjoyed this tender moment from his Mistress and wondered what lie
ahead.




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 11: Lady Mowbray


Amanda went to the side board, opened a drawer and came back with a
fresh set of wrist cuffs and a length of cord.

" Oh no. Not again," thought Jason.

She threw him the cuffs.

" Put these on."

While he was doing it, she removed the ring gag from his mouth.

The relief was wonderful. He moved his mouth and face to relieve the
painful muscles. He dare not use his hands. He had been ordered to
fasten the cuffs and this must be done first.

" Stand up."

Jason was disappointed. He had hoped the removal of the gag would be
followed by an order to eat her pussy.  Amanda knelt in front of him.
His battered cock rested against her cheek. He moved his hips, trying
to masturbate himself against her face. For a wonderful moment he
thought she was going to allow it. Then she grasped his tender balls
and he lost all interest.

" Naughty Jenny."

Amanda tied the cord to the D ring on his testicles. She then stood up
and fetched two one-foot lengths of chain and four small padlocks.

" Fasten your ankles together and then your wrists."

When he had finished to her satisfaction, she took his arm and led him
to the dining table that was set for three.

" Get under the table."

She threaded the cord between the table legs, so that it reached out at
the head of the table where Lady Mowbray went and sat down. She rang a
small hand bell on the table.

Sarah, Susie and another older woman came in. The were carrying a
delicious roast dinner for three people. Jason realized he was starving.

" Madge, fetch the wine and the dessert. I will need you to help clean
up afterwards. Then you may have the night off."

" Thank you Madam."

If she saw Jason under the table, she said nothing. She was totally
loyal and would quite literally give her life for her Mistress.

When she was gone, Amanda said, " Right girls. Let's get ready to feed
him."

He saw them stand up. Their skirts fell to the floor. Then he saw them
step out of their knickers. All three sat down on the edge of their
chairs, their legs wide apart. He looked around him. There were three
sets of open thighs. At the end of each set was an open cunt.

Jason was just edging towards Susie's when he heard the command " EAT!"
and felt a tug on his sensitive testicles. He looked towards the voice
and saw a piece of roast chicken protruding from Amanda's cunt. He
crawled towards it, ate the chicken and licked the lips that had held
it. He felt a yank at his balls.

" I said eat. Nothing else."

Jason felt a stinging blow from a riding crop on his left buttock. He
turned in that direction and saw a piece of broccoli protruding from
Susie's cunt. He crawled over and ate it. A stinging blow on his right
buttock attracted his attention to Sarah's food-filled cunt.

Sometime later, his buttocks were sore, his testicles ached even more,
but Jason was well fed. The girls left the table. Amanda pulled on his
string and he crawled out after them. She guided him to a thick
artificial bear skin rug, in front of an artificial log fire. Then she
put her foot on him and pushed him over onto his back. The length of
chain allowed his wrists to rest at his sides.

Amanda knelt over his face.

" Now, really eat me."

He felt his cock cage being removed. The relief was indescribable. Then
the strap around his balls was removed. Finally, his cock was slipped
into the soft, warm, well lubricated artificial vagina. At the same
time, gentle hands caressed his aching balls. The relief was explosive.
He passed out.

In a semi-conscious state, Jason felt himself being carried by four
women to his room. He heard part of their conversation.

" Tomorrow. Hog-tie him in the boot. Keep him quiet. Go to the back
entrance of the surgery. Doctor Patricia and her nurse want him all
day."

The rest was vague. He slept as though in a coma.




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 12: slave jason


The sunrise woke Jason as light filtered through the bars of his cell.
He couldn't see the sun, though.  Hadn't seen it for a couple of days.
But the young man with the girl's name felt refreshed.  Funny how a good
night's sleep could do that.  Jason stretched his tight muscles as far
as his chains would allow and began pacing the room for exercise.  Back
and forth, up and back.  This went on for about a half hour as the rest
of the house slept.  A few deep knee bends later and Jason was feeling
like his old self.

This was to be short-lived however.  Susie unlocked the door first and
brought him his bowl of porridge, which he customarily ate off the
floor.  No bowl of water though.

"Sarah will be in shortly to 'water you,'" was the way the young girl
oddly described it.

She left Jason alone as he licked all traces of the gruel from his
lips. The taste didn't even bother him any more.

"By the way, Jenny, what's the correct spelling of Justine's last name?
Madame can't make out your handwriting."

Jason was shocked.

"The address book," he thought to himself.  "I thought that was
destroyed."

He thought back to his first day at Lady Mowbray's's manor and realized
that she never did cut the small book up.

"She must have pocketed it in her kimono."

Justine.  The name buzzed in his head.

"Was Amanda going to contact her in Indonesia?  Lord no!  I don't want
her to see me like this," Jason argued in his mind.

Jason and Justine were engaged for two years until he broke it off and
devastated his fiancee.  He really did love her but his friends talked
him out of it.

"You're too young," they reasoned, and besides, "she ain't going
anywhere."

Well, they both graduated and never did keep in touch.  Jason never did
find anyone better and hoped he could make it up to her.  He even
fantasized about proposing again.

"Well, dummy?  HER NAME!" Susie scolded.

Jason stuttered, then responded.  "B-O-U-L-A-N-G-E-R"

"Mmmm...sounds French. Yummy. Thanks, Jen," Susie chirped as she jotted
it down on a small notepad and turned to leave.

The thick door creaked shut and the lock clicked loudly. Jason was
mystified, and scared.

"What were Amanda's plans for Justine.  What were her plans for me for
that matter?" he debated in his head.

Just then Sarah entered.  But she had no water with her.

"On your back Jenny, and be quick about it," she huffed.

But Jason just stood there wondering where the beverage was.  Out of
nowhere, the toe of Sarah's pump struck Jason in his groin.  He fell to
his knees.

"My commands are her Ladyship's commands.  You ever disobey an order
from anyone in this household and it will be considered a transgression
against Lady Mowbray herself.  Understand?" the young redhead barked.

"Yes...mmma'am," Jason coughed.

From his supine position, Jason saw Sarah, who had her back to him,
wiggle her hips enticingly and peel down her knickers.  Her smooth pale
ass was a scrumptious sight indeed.

"What are you looking at pervert?  Never seen a bum before?"

Sarah then walked over to Jason's face, literally walked over.  She
stepped full on his belly with her pump and he exhaled deeply.

"That'll teach you to follow an order too slowly."

While Jason recovered, Sarah straddled his head and planted her pussy
squarely over his mouth.

"Form a seal over my luscious lips, Jenny honey, and don't spill a
drop."

It started as a trickle but as the torrent flowed, Jason had a hard time
keeping up.  He was in a quandary.  He had to avoid choking, he
thought, or there would be more than a drop spilled.  But if he didn't
swallow fast enough, it would run down his cheeks.

Thankfully, Jason swallowed all of Sarah's copious morning piss.

"Thanks, Jen. You're a good girl.  You have my permission to lick me
dry."

Sarah put her panties back on and removed the slave's wrist chain.  She
ordered Jason to tend to himself in the bathroom down the hall and meet
her and her sister in the garage in ten minutes.

The young man hurriedly arrived at the appointed time and was met by the
flame haired vixens who stood in front of the Volvo with beaming smiles.
A large rubber dildo gag hung from the tip of Susie's manicured finger.
He obediently crouched down as she tightly strapped it on.  It
effectively trapped Jason's tongue, silencing him.

"Turn around sweetheart and keep your hands together behind your back,"
Susie urged.

She then proceeded to slip on a black leather armbinder.

"He'd better get on his stomach," Sarah chimed in.

Jason lay on the cold concrete floor of the garage as the twins pulled
the armbinder up past his elbows and began to lace it up.

"Cinch it tight Susie, here let me show you."

Sarah placed one sharp heel in the middle of Jason's shoulder blade for
leverage and pulled on the laces for all she was worth.

"Susie, you tighten the straps. Hurry, before I let go."

The gag stifled Jason's shriek.

Susie buckled two leather straps - one at the wrist, one at the forearm.
Sarah, the stronger of the two, buckled the one at the elbow,
simultaneously forcing her heel deeper into Jason's shoulder blade.

The girls ordered him to his feet, which took some difficulty.  What a
sight!  Jason's elbows were almost touching, as his shoulders arched
severely backward.  He was in the most pain yet in his short tenure as a
slave.

Susie opened the Volvo's trunk and ordered Jason to step into it.  He
hesitated then noticed the cattle prod in Sarah's right hand and
practically dove in.  He hit his left testicle on the rubber lip of the
trunk and his left shoulder painfully banged into the trunk's bottom.
Jason bit down hard on the penis gag as he lay on his belly.  Susie
wrapped a blindfold around his head and Sarah attached his ankle hobble
to the wrist loop and closed the lid of the trunk, sealing in the slave.

The twins quibbled over who would do the driving.  They were pretty
immature when it came to things like this.  For about five minutes
Jason could hear their muffled voices shriek about how "I'm the better
driver...No I am!"  He just turned his head from side to side as tears
welled up in his covered eyes.

Finally they did "rocks, paper, scissors" and Susie won.  That was
unfortunate for she truly was a poor driver.  In fact, she had her
license revoked a month before.

They tore out of the garage like a bat out of hell. Jason was jostled
and hit his head here and his scrotum there.  But his shoulders carried
the brunt of the damage as they were already in tremendous agony.  The
car trip made him feel like a carving knife was slowly jabbed into his
back, ready to split him in to two like a roast chicken.

During the long trip to the hospital, the sisters relaxed and enjoyed
their favorite CD's...Mariah Carey, the new Madonna songs.  They had a
lot of time to kill and cheerfully sung along.  At this point Jason
couldn't hear anything but the bumpy ground below and the engine
vibrating in his brain.

The black Volvo eventually pulled into the hospital parking lot and
drove around back.  It was fairly deserted as it was still quite early
A short nurse was at the door to greet them.  She was angry.

"You're 20 minutes late," she said calmly but sternly, her brow
furrowed.  "Dr. Patricia is waiting for you."

Nurse Isabella was a tiny little thing, mid-forties, with short shiny
dark hair parted in the middle and combed behind her ears.

"We must be careful as you no doubt already know.  This is a very
delicate situation," Isabella said to the twins.

"Yes, we know.  Lady Mowbray filled us in on all the details," added
Sarah.

"Good.  We must get Amanda's slave into the hospital without anybody
seeing him. No doctors, no orderlies, nobody.  He is not a sanctioned
patient and this is not an official check-in, so we must be vigilant."

Nurse Isabella gave the two girls hospital scrubs to wear over their
skirts. They were light blue and loose-fitting and slipped on easily .
They changed their shoes also and were given false ID tags.  While the
sisters pulled Jason from the trunk, Isabella brought out a large
rolling laundry basket to the Volvo.  Drool seeped from the corners of
his mouth and a sheen of perspiration coated Jason's naked form which
made him difficult to handle.  He slipped from Susie's slick hands and
fell to the concrete below.  Fortunately, he only received a knee
abrasion in the process.

"Hey, you're a lucky little slave.  Good thing we're already at the
hospital," Susie chirped.

The trio finally got him to his feet and into the basket.  Sarah parked
the car while Susie and Isabella headed inside.  Luckily, they made it
to the elevator with no problems.  Susie effectively covered up Jason
with soiled sheets.  The nurse pressed the button to the fourth floor
when suddenly she heard, "Hold that lift!"  It was Dr. Rossi, he had an
early surgery scheduled that day.

"Good morning ladies," the good-looking young doctor beamed, eyeing
Susie.

He looked at the girl's name tag and Nurse Isabella got nervous.

"You must be new here Susan.  I'm Dr. Rossi."

"Nice to meet you doctor."

They shook hands and the door opened to the second floor.  The doctor
didn't even notice the slight movements coming from underneath the
dirty linen.  Dr. Rossi stepped out, turned around and waved.  The door
closed and Isabella breathed easier.

"You have a new admirer," the nurse said to her cohort.

"Yes I know.  I seem to attract them like flies to honey."

When they reached the fourth floor, a rather quiet one, the two women
stepped out with the laundry and made there way to Dr. Patricia's office
at the end of the hall.

"You'd better find your sister and bring her up here.  We don't want her
getting lost.  Wait, first you'd better take the empty basket with you."

The office was barren.  Dr. Patricia canceled all her appointments and
gave her receptionist the day off.  The good doctor herself was in the
cafeteria having breakfast as her nurse and Susie struggled to get Jason
on the floor.

Mission accomplished.  Jason lay in a crumpled heap on the thinly
carpeted floor in the middle of the surgeon's office.  Jason was more
terrified than he had ever been in his life.  He had a fake phallus in
his mouth, a lump in his throat, and a knot in his stomach.  It
couldn't get much worse than this, he thought.  He thought wrong.

"Hi Isabella.  I had a miserable morning.  The eggs were runny and the
bacon wasn't crisp...oh, what do we have here?"  Dr. Patricia said
entering her office.

"Our little project doctor," her nurse added.

"Let's go in for a closer look."

The doctor crouched down and pulled Jason's blindfold off.

"Hello Jenny.  I've heard so much about you.  Permit me to introduce
myself. I'm Dr. Patricia."

Jason was thunderstruck.  Before him stood a Goddess.  It was hard to
tell from his vantage point, but she seemed a tall drink of water like
Amanda.  She had long glossy chestnut hair that was pulled back from
her striking face in a professional manner.  Bubbly green eyes and a
cute upturned nose highlighted her face.  Her lips were polished a pale
pink and she gave Jason a little peck on his nose, leaving a print.
She seemed to be in her mid-thirties but the young man was never a good
judge of that type of thing.

The twins finally entered the office, waking Jason from his reverie.
The four women exchanged pleasantries and pulled up chairs encircling
the trussed slave.




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 13: Lady Mowbray


The four women sat around their hog-tied victim. He was once again
blindfolded so he couldn't see that they were drinking coffee. He felt
someone put their feet up on him as a foot rest. The others followed
suit.

" Did you bring any paperwork?"

" Yes."

Susie reached inside her bra and brought out a crumpled sheet of paper.
Doctor Patricia took it as though it were contaminated with the plague.
She studied it in silence for a few minutes. Sarah became bored and
spotted Jason's balls, just peeping out between his bound legs. She
took her teaspoon and tapped them.

Jason's reaction was out of all proportion to the strength of the blow.
It took her a few moments to realise that the teaspoon was hot. Her
face lit up. She nudged Susie and put her spoon back in her coffee.
Susie did the same. Sarah put the hot spoon on his balls. He tried to
arch forward to escape, but couldn't. Susie put her hot spoon on the
tip of his cock. He reacted violently, knocking Patricia's feet off his
back.

" What the devil's going on? Leave him alone. After I finish with him,
he is going to be in enough pain as it is."

" Why? What does she want done to him?"

" I'm going to sterilize him."

" Ohhhh. Does that mean we won't get any more spunk out of him?"

" No, of course not. Sperm only make up less than point one of one
percent of the volume of the semen. It's going to be a tricky
operation. She wants it to be reversible. Normally, I would just cut a
section out of the tubes joining his balls..."

She poked his balls with her toe.

"...to his dick. This time I will just cut the tubes and cauterize the
ends. That way they can be rejoined at a later date."

Sarah was puzzled. It was easy to puzzle Sarah.

" If you are cutting his balls off from his cock. Where's all the semen
coming from?"

" Where it normally does. Mainly from the prostate gland. You can get
to it up his anus."

" Wow! Said the twins together."

" This brings me to the other operation she wants done. She wants me to
place two electrodes next to the prostate gland and the muscles at the
base of his cock that cause ejaculation. Nurse, show them the implants."

Nurse Cavel brought out a plastic box. Sealed inside sterile transparent
plastic, were the implants. There were two sets, both identical. They
had a silver disc about the size of a match head, joined by a silver
wire about five centimeters long to another silver disc, about the size
of a little finger nail.

" The larger discs are receivers. These will be just under the skin. The
smaller discs will be against the nerves carrying signals from the
brain to the prostate and the muscles."

" What are they for?"

" By using the right transmitter, you can control when and if he
ejaculates. You can even make him go without any stimulation."

" Wow! That is real neat. When can we have a go?"

There was genuine admiration in the girl's voices.  They could not hide
their excitement.

Jason groaned.

" When Lady Mowbray says you can. Not before. Bring him into the
shower."

They washed him down then strapped him to the operating table.

" We'll keep him blindfolded and gagged. I will use a local anesthetic.
If it doesn't work too well, the gag will stop him from upsetting the
patients in the office next door."

Nurse Cavel brought a tray full of sterile instruments over to the
table. The twins were watching through a long glass window.

" Take the blood samples first. We need to match his group, just in
case. I also have to run some tests for her. STD's, hepatitis and so
on."

The operation was a success. There was no pain, not until the
anesthetic began to wear off.

" I need to keep him overnight for observation. Amanda said that you
two girls should also stay and look after him."

" Does that mean we can kiss him better?"

" Something like that. But be kind to him, just for a change."




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 14: slave jason


The good doctor Patricia left the building at eight, her nurse at
midnight. Jason and the twins spent the rest of the night in the
hospital. They were safely tucked away in a back room of Dr. Patricia's
office.  But a doctor's office contains lots of goodies, at least
that's what Sarah eagerly told her sister.

Jason was tied on his back spread-eagled to a fold-up mattress in the
back room. He was still gagged but no longer blindfolded.  His rectum
was pretty sore from the stainless steel instruments that invaded him
and his penis looked like Frankenstein's monster's. It was red and had
numerous stitches.

Patricia gave the twins a list of directions for surgical aftercare and
a bottle of codeine. The label said to give the patient "1 or 2 tablets
as needed for pain," but Susie decided to keep it for herself.

"VAS the DEFERENS?" she said to Sarah and they burst out laughing.

All except for poor Jason.  He was in incredible pain as he watched the
girls pop 3 pills into each of their mouths and wash them down with
water. Within 15 minutes, the copper-headed teenagers had a good buzz
going and felt a little mischief was in order.

Jason's aftercare suggestions included the fact that for four weeks, he
should not partake in any strenuous activity. But most importantly, he
should refrain from any and all erections. An erection in his condition
might prove intensely painful, the doctor's note read.  Patricia kept a
large supply of instant cold packs in her office for just this purpose:
to stop unwarranted erections dead in their tracks.

The twins, though, considered this a rather fun challenge.  In their
"high" state of mind, they converged on their slave.  Decked out in
pink bra and panties, Jason's favorite color, the girls turned on
Patricia's stereo system and slipped in their latest Cheryl Crowe CD.
The two teen vixens did a slow seductive dance in front of their bound
captive.  He looked away, but Susie cinched down his collar in such a
way as to make that impossible.  They gyrated their hips and ground
their crotches together all in sync with the music. But it wasn't until
they started to French kiss when Jason's cock woke up.

He tried to scream through his penis gag, "Be kind to him. Just for a
change! That's what the doctor said! Please...Please!"

But the girls were so strung out that they didn't even notice his
muffled pleas.  They just stroked each others' bottoms and sucked on
each others' tongues.

Jason was in agony as Sarah was the first to get drowsy.  She held on to
Jason's stomach for support and eventually collapsed on top of him.
Susie fell backward onto his ankles and fell asleep. Sarah looked into
the young man's eyes, smiled, and fell sound asleep, splayed out across
his chest.  Her soft white forearm brushed gingerly against his
stitched-up organ and her perfume wafted into his nostrils. Jason held
his breath and tried to ignore any kind of arousal. This went on for
hours until Isabella arrived for work the next morning.

"What's going on here?" Nurse Cavel demanded.

Susie and Sarah both stood up and rubbed the sleep from their eyes.
They stood at attention in front of the nurse in nothing but their bra
and panties.

"I just hope that there was no horseplay here last night."  Isabella
said as she counted the number of tablets in the pill bottle.

"No nurse Cavel," Sarah chimed in.  "Jenny was in a lot of pain so we
took care of him."

The nurse eyed her suspiciously but added, "Very well. Get him out of
here and back home. Amanda wants him healthy and ready to go in four
weeks."

"HOME!" thought Jason to himself.  "It really is my new home." It
finally sunk in.

"This time I'm driving," Sarah shouted, pointing her finger as Nurse
Cavel rolled her eyes.

It was an uneventful four weeks as Amanda followed the doctor's orders
and, for the most part, kept the twins in line. Jason performed some
light handyman duties, nothing too exerting. He swept the tennis court
and repainted the corral fence.  He even gave Amanda her daily foot
massages with a healthy supply of ice packs within reach.

Amanda patiently watched the calendar.  When the recovery period ended,
she personally went to Jason's room and woke him up.




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 15: Lady Mowbray


Amanda kicked the sole of Jason's bare foot with the point of her shoe.

" Wake up slave. Your holiday is over. I hope you enjoyed it."

She stood back while the twins put his bowl of vitamin enriched gruel
on the floor. While he was kneeling and lapping up his breakfast,
Amanda nodded. The twins moved in and held his arms while Amanda
removed the long chain that had allowed him to sleep with his hands at
his sides and replaced it with a short one. They did the same with his
ankle chain.

" That wasn't very nice of you to lie about the girls not giving you
pain killers at the surgery last month. As a punishment you will be
permanently gagged, except at meal times. I suppose we have to keep you
healthy. The good news is that Dr Patricia says we need to increase
your protein intake, if we want to increase your semen output. By the
way, slave, your worthless semen will be given to Doctor Patricia. She
has infertile couples coming to her at her IVF clinic. She inseminates
the woman with your semen. Being sterile, of course it does not work.
The couple pay again and get some real stuff the next time. In return
for your male slop, Dr. Patricia does little jobs for me for free. See?
You're not so worthless after all."

A grinning Sarah grabbed hold of Jason's hair and pulled his head back.
Susie pushed the black dildo gag as far as it would go into his mouth
and used both hands to tighten the strap. The black penis touched the
back of Jason's throat and it took him several minutes to overcome the
choking sensation and to calm himself. The three women watched with
satisfaction as he struggled for control.

" That will teach you to lie."

Amanda stalked out of his cell.

" Take him to my bedroom. I want to test this surgery."

Jason shuffled along the carpeted corridor, stumbling and falling
several times as Sarah pulled on his lead and Susie prodded him with
the cattle prod. Each time he was on his hands and knees, she took
great delight in touching his hanging balls with the prod and giggling
each time he jumped. By the time they reached Amanda's bedroom, she was
already standing naked, legs parted, hands on hips, looking impatient.

"You should never keep me waiting when I am randy, slave. You will
suffer for this."

Amanda turned to the twins.

" Come and help me unpack this."

Amanda pulled a cardboard box from under the bed and opened it. She
handed over a black belt.

" Here. Put it around him. It says here that the two metal plates
should be at the back and the belt should be between his waist and his
hips. Just touching his pubic hair."

Amanda put down the instruction book and examined the controller. It
had four buttons. ' Cont. Stim.'  'Cont. Inhib.'  ' Go.'  and  'Stop.'
She studied the book again.

" Very interesting," she said in an exaggerated German accent. "Vee
haff vays of making you talk."

Satisfied the belt was positioned correctly, she ordered them to tie
him to the bed.

Susie and Sarah removed his chains and tied his wrists and ankles to
the four corners of the bed. The cords went through clamps fastened
under the bed. That allowed movement in one direction, but not the
other. The girls sat on the floor at the two sides of the bed, put
their feet against the bed, and pulled on the ankle cords as hard as
they could. Jason thought he was going to split. Satisfied, the girls
did the same to the cords attached to his wrists. He was now stretched
tightly and his joints were already beginning to hurt. Sarah sat on the
bed near his head and held his chin in her hand.

" Cumfy?" she asked, smiling.

Jason wrenched his head to one side. A big mistake.

" Hey, Sue. He can move his head."

Sarah disappeared from his view for a moment. Then he felt a cord being
threaded near his lips under the strap holding the gag. Another one was
threaded on the other side. Then they were both pulled tight. The gag
would not go any further into his mouth because of the flat rubber base
over his lips. Instead, the back of his head was pushed deeper into the
mattress.

Sarah saw what was happening and stood with one foot either side of his
head, her weight compressing the mattress. He could see straight up her
skirt to her crotchless white panties. Susie tightened the cords even
further. When Sarah got off the bed, the mattress sprang back and Jason
felt his lips being crushed against his teeth.

Amanda firmly held the controller and pressed 'Cont. Inhib.' A small
red light began to flash continuously on the belt.

" Is that it?" said a disappointed Susie.

" Let's see if it works."
Amanda took hold of Jason's hard dripping cock.

" He's not gone for four weeks. He should be bursting with semen."

She began to rapidly masturbate him. The muscles of his stomach tensed
and he looked as though he should have shot his load, but he didn't.
She carried on vigorously masturbating him. No shooting of semen. There
was plenty of lubrication leaking out, but no contractions. Jason felt
himself reach the point of no return several times, but there was no
relief. The frustration was agony.

" Wow," said Sarah. This was her favourite expression when anything
impressed her.

" Can I have a go?"

" No you can't."

Amanda climbed onto Jason's stomach with her back to him. She took his
dripping cock, inserted the tip inside her vagina and began to
masturbate herself.

After she had climaxed the first time, she said, " Come on you two.
Play with my titties."

The twins showed a soft delicate touch as they massaged and teased
Amanda's nipples into an erect hardness. Amanda came twice more before
she grew tired of using him.

" Give me the ring vibrator."

Sarah dived under the bed and came up with a small vibrator attached to
a rubber ring. Lady Mowbray slipped it over Jason's still rock hard
penis, then lowered herself onto him, taking all of his cock and the
vibrator inside her. The wire trailed out of her vagina to a small
variable speed controller. She turned it up full and then began to move
vigorously up and down. Jason thought he was going to pass out. Tears
of frustration ran down his cheeks. Susie noticed them and began to
lick them off. Sarah made things even worse, if that were possible, by
playing with his balls. The batteries in the controller began to run
down.

" Okay, girls. Your turn."

Amanda reluctantly climbed off him.
Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com






Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 16: slave jason


Lady Mowbray treated the twins very well and they loved her for
it. She gave them everything they could ever want or hope for.
Amanda first met the duo three years earlier when they were
sixteen.  She was having breakfast alone one Sunday morning
when she spotted them about five tables away.  They looked
like sewer rats, she thought, and were voraciously scarfing
down a breakfast bigger than she had ever seen.  Susie and
Sarah kept the suspicious waiter on his toes and kept ordering
more and more food, juice, and coffee.  When the girls finally
had their fill, they tried to sneak away without paying.  With
barely a foot on the sidewalk, the waiter caught them and the
manager threatened to call the police.  That's where Amanda
interceded.  She felt compassion for the girls and introduced
herself to the manager as their aunt and offered to pay the
bill, suggesting that it all was just a silly misunderstanding.
A little something extra added to the amount on the bill made
the manager quite happy.

Amanda and her two new friends went for a walk in the cool Sunday
air.  Sarah explained that they were runaways and had been
living on the streets for the past year.  Their stepfather
verbally abused them and physically abused their mother.  One
day, Susie told him that she'd had enough and threatened to call
the police if he ever laid another hand on their mom again.
Their stepdad was drunk and literally knocked Susie out with an
uppercut to the jaw.  When Sarah begged her mother to call for
help, she did nothing and even suggested that Susie deserved it.
Two hours later, both sisters hit the road, never to be seen
again in that household.

On the streets, the girls were a lot smarter than in school.
The twins were something of a paradox. They had street smarts,
intuition, but not a lot of common sense.  They managed to
survive without getting raped or selling their bodies.  Not
that those young forms were not on the market.  Susie and Sarah
would often lure what they called "dirty dog perverts" into an
alley for a bout of oral sex. But the only "oral" that these men
would receive would be a mouthful of gravel. Sarah would usually
hit them over the head from behind as Sarah knelt in front of him.
The poor sap's wallet was their prize.

Amanda offered to take the sisters into her spacious residence
and give them a place to call home.  She cleaned them up and
eventually molded them into ladies.  Well...sort of.

"They never did get to live a normal childhood," Amanda thought.
"I guess that they deserve one now."

But this was no ordinary or idealized Ozzie and Harriet home life.
That's for sure.

Susie took her turn and straddled Jason, facing his head.

"Ride 'em cowboy!  Yee-ha!"

Susie impaled herself on her faux stallion's tortured organ and rode
him hard. She pretended that his ears were stirrups and ground her
bare toes into them. She grabbed his lead and slid up and down the
frustrated shaft.

"Giddyap!"

Up to the purple wet tip and down hard on his tender balls she went.
The redhead's weight, however light, nearly knocked the wind out of
Jason's lungs.  Sarah handed her a riding crop which Susie used to
batter Jason's legs. There was no relief yet in sight for the yearning
captive.  Not until Amanda decided.

"It's my cock now, girls," she told them the night before. "But
I could always loan it to you, like my jewelry."

Sarah finally got her chance and booked ticket on the Jason express.
She described the sensations as exquisite.

"Wow! It's the best of both world's: it's a vibrator and a penis.
I just wonder if we could return it if it breaks," Sarah joked.

While Sarah achieved her first orgasm, Susie decided to make her own
fun.  Amanda stepped out of the room to make a telephone call, so the
young girl found a feather from a flower arrangement and brought it to
Jason's right foot.  Sarah had her back to the slave and saw the
mischief that her sister was up to.

"You wouldn't?"

"Oh, wouldn't I?

Susie tickled poor Jason's foot unmercifully.  His muffled laughter was
followed by muffled pleas to stop.  He was having a hard enough time
breathing.  If Amanda hadn't come back in time, who knows what might
have
happened.

"That's enough girls.  Show's over."

"How about the other buttons?" the twins said simultaneously.

"I'm saving that for a very special occasion I have planned for
tomorrow.  We're having a very special guest over for lunch."

Jason barely heard the words as his agonized cock dripped with
unfulfilled lust.

Justine Boulanger arrived right on schedule as the chauffeured
Mercedes drove past the front gate.  She was as Jason had described
her to Amanda.  Nearly eight years later and she still looked like
the fresh-faced college girl who swept Jason off his feet.

Justine was greeted at the front door by Amanda herself, eager to
eat up this rich French dish.

"Pleasure to finally meet you. I've heard so much about you,"
Amanda started.

"Only good, I hope," Justine answered with a tinge of a French
accent.  "Bonjour, Lady Mowbray. Enchant."

"Please, come in."

The two women entered the living room and eased into opposite ends
of the sofa.

"I won't bite," Amanda teased as her guest inched closer. "Madge,
some tea please, thank you."

Amanda eyed her quarry and licked her lips.  Justine was just as
Jason described. She had the lean look of a dancer, standing about
5 foot 7 or 8. The denim jeans she wore looked painted on and her
butt appeared especially curvy with her black ankle boots. A crisp
white button-down shirt and a smart brown leather vest, that
accentuated her B cup, completed the ensemble.

Justine simply had the biggest, most beautiful brown eyes one
could ever imagine. They were eyes that you could drown in,
which Jason did on many occasions before he had the nerve to ask
her out on a date.  A button nose, rosy cheeks and full sensuous
lips completed a face that was heaven-sent. But it was her hair
that first caught Amanda's roving eye.  Silky dark brown hair,
full-bodied and straight, fell down to the small of her back.

"You have beautiful hair, Justine.  It must take an awfully long
time to manage it," Amanda wondered as Madge entered with the tea.

"Yes, but it's worth it though. I just love all the compliments."

Justine was a woman who expected compliments. She was even outraged
when one wasn't offered. Pampered all her life by a widowed father,
Justine wrapped every successive man in her life around her slender
finger.  She was used to getting things her way after her mother's
childbirth tragedy.  Her daddy gave it all to her in an effort to
relieve the guilt over pressuring his wife to go through with her
pregnancy.  She learned in the first trimester that a term pregnancy
could be dangerous.  But Mr. Boulanger wanted a child in the worst
way. This indeed proved prophetic.

Amanda watched the sensuous way Justine mixed her teacup and gently
brought it up to her lips.

"So tell me Amanda, how long have you known Jason?"

"He joined my company a couple of months ago.  He said that he
discovered that you were up north and desperately wanted to contact
you. I promised to make the arrangements for him.  So...here you are."

Both women giggled as Madge served cookies.

"And where is my former sweetheart," inquired Justine.

"Oh...tied up at the moment," Amanda answered, camouflaging a snicker
as a cough.  "Actually, he's looking over my books. He should be
down shortly.  So, Justine, tell me.  Are you seeing anyone special
at the moment?"

Justine half-smiled.  "Oh, and are you Sir Jason's matchmaker?"

Amanda scratched her brow. "Not exactly.  But I do see you two as a
matched set, so to speak."

The Mistress of the house took a sip of tea and over the rim of
the cup peaked at Justine through languid eyes, sizing up her prey.

"Mmmmm...This is going to be too easy," she thought to herself.




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 17: Lady Mowbray


" So. You flew all the way to Australia, just to look up an old flame.
You must still feel something for him," Lady Mowbray said.

" Yes. I suppose I do. But I came here for a holiday as well . I've not
seen any of your beautiful country," Justine replied.

"No. And if things go according to plan. This is all you're going to
see of it," thought Amanda.

But out loud she really said " I see you brought all your luggage. Does
that mean you are going to take up my offer of accommodation for a
while?"

" Yes please. If the offer is still open."

" Of course. Stay as long as you like."

"  Or as long as I like," she thought.

Amanda rang a small bell. A few moments later, Madge appeared.

" Take our guest's bags up to her room."

" Yes madam."

" Justine. Do you have any valuables, passport, travelers cheques and
so on? I will put them in my personal safe if you like." Amanda asked
innocently.

" Why yes. That would be really kind of you."

She took her passport and travelers cheques from her small overnight
bag and handed them to Lady Mowbray.

"Got ya," thought Amanda.

" I'll put them in the safe right away. I'll be right back."

Amanda gave the passport and signed travelers cheques to the two girls
in the kitchen.

" Right, you two. Get the photograph blown up. Then get Sasha to find
one of her girls who looks like her, with a French accent. I am sure
Sasha will have a matching wig in the brothel. Bring her back here in a
couple of days. I'll have her clothes ready and Madge has the number of
the hire car. We'll get the same driver who brought her to take her
away. I'll book her a seat on a plane to the States. Once she gets
there, she can disappear, ditch her disguise and come back on her own
passport. The American cops will be chasing their own tails until they
get fed up."

Amanda turned to Madge who returned from upstairs.

Madge get the herbal tea ready. Bring it in straight away."

" Yes madam."

" Sorry to leave you like that. I see you have been admiring the family
portraits. That one is the Marquis. A distant relative. I have the
right to be called the Marquesa. But I prefer Lady."

Amanda sat beside Justine as Madge brought in the herbal tea.

" You must try this. I insist. It is a local aboriginal drink. It's very
restful and relaxing." Amanda rang the little silver bell, but there
was no need. The twins had been watching on the closed circuit TV and
were already on their way, carrying the necessary equipment.

" Just take off her clothes and her shoes and be careful. We need them
for her replacement."

The twins removed her shoes, vest, blouse, jeans and her silk knickers.
They then gagged her with a piece of wooden doweling. It had eyelets
screwed into each end. Pieces of cord led from the eyelets and were
tied tightly at the back of her head. The wood cut into the corners of
her mouth. She was sprawled in a leather arm chair, her legs wide
apart. A large dildo was pushed up her vagina. The twins each held an
arm above her head.

" Good."  Amanda took up the Polaroid camera and snapped her.

" Okay. Put the cuffs on her wrists and ankles and put a collar on her.
I'm going to deliver this."

Jason heard a noise and then saw something pushed under his door. He
struggled to his feet. After some frustration, he managed to turn the
Polaroid over with his toes.

" My god! They've got Justine."

The shock was almost physical. He felt a great depression. The cruel
way she was gagged showed that she was in for a terrible time. Even
worse, they could use her to torment him.

Justine awoke to find herself tightly hog-tied and still gagged with the
wooden bit. She lay on her side, on a mattress. Amanda was kneeling
beside her, running her hands through her soft, silky hair. It was a
very sensuous feeling. Justine's big brown doe eyes were shining with
tears.




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 18: slave jason


Jason's tears formed a puddle on the glossy surface of the Polaroid.  He
couldn't bare to look and sulked back to his mattress.  He was still in
love with Justine and for the past couple of years had fantasized about
marrying her and running off to Paris to grow old together.

Jason had always imagined surprising his beloved, sharply dressed with
the very same tie that Justine gave him back in college as a way of
saying thanks for helping her study for an economics test.  He saved
that turquoise tie and brought it to Australia with his best charcoal
gray suit.  He hoped to wear a yellow rose as a lapel and give his
former girlfriend the other eleven from the bouquet.

Jason spent a week tutoring her in college, which is how they first
met and gave her a bouquet of yellow roses on their first official date.
Jason, a romantic, felt the symbols might rekindle something special.
He wanted more than a torrid affair with Justine. He wanted a future
with her.

As he contemplated all this, Jason lie on his back with the penis gag
lodged down to his tonsils, his wrists shackled together, and his
orgasm control belt firmly secured.  He was due to be fed and watered
shortly, so he patiently waited.

In the adjoining room, Amanda played with her newest acquisition, as a
cat might play with a mouse.

"Can't hold your tea, I see, Justine.  You should have told me that you
don't like it so strong. Mental note - 'no narcotics for Justine.'
There, that shall never happen again, I assure you,"  Amanda teased.

The gag had smeared Justine's lipstick.  It was all over her face and on
the wood itself where it cut into the corners of her mouth.  After
Amanda ransacked the young woman's handbag, she saved some items
including lipstick.

"Here baby let me fix that for you," Amanda said as she took a moist
towelette and wiped the lipstick from Justine's frightened face.

Justine jerked her head back at first, but Amanda spoke to her gently,
soothingly and the French girl lay still.  With her mouth stretched
like it was, it was fairly easy for the Marquesa to apply a thick coat.

"I want to keep that mouth of yours in good shape.  It will be quite
busy in the future," said Amanda breathily into her captive's face.

The look in Justine's eyes aroused her new Mistress, and soon Amanda's
right hand found itself idly stroking her privates.  Her middle finger
did some exploring and ventured up into her musky crevice.  She removed
the digit and the light from the overhead bulb shone on her fingertip,
moist with pussy dew.  Amanda, still kneeling, offered the treasure to
Justine's doe eyes.

"Sweets for the sweet?" Amanda inquired.

Justine shook her head from side to side.  But that didn't deter her
Ladyship.  Amanda leaned forward and spread the love juice on her
captive's face, on the skin between the nose and the upper lip.  She
also worked some into the girl's nostrils, holding two fingers inside
sadistically.  With the dowel gag and Amanda's fingers, Justine
struggled to breathe.  When the Marquesa felt her new prisoner was on
the verge, she removed her digits and allowed Justine to breathe in her
essence deeply.

"Breathe my pet.  I am delicious, aren't I.  Get used to that scent.  I
intend to blindfold you and teach you to recognize the unique scents of
many friends of mine."

Justine closed her eyes tightly while not more than ten feet away, Jason
was given his lunch.  It felt good to the young man to finally feel his
tongue again.  That cursed gag was intolerable.  The gruel was lapped up
in record time as Susie and Sarah wheeled in a new item in their bag of
tricks.  Jason looked up from his knees at what appeared to be a white
portable plastic toilet with chrome legs.

"Yes Jenny, this is all for you," exclaimed Susie as Sarah waved the
oversized funnel accessory.

"On your back sweetcheeks, you must be thirsty," Sarah remarked.

Hesitantly, Jason lay down as Sarah pushed the tubular part of the
funnel into Jason's mouth and Susie moved the toilet over his head.  The
twins attached the funnel to the seat and made sure the whole device was
solid.

"Me first, I gotta pee real bad," Susie interjected and hopped on before
a dejected Sarah even had a chance.

It was like musical chairs to the teenagers and Sarah felt that she
had lost.  Susie was like a girl scout - always prepared.  Her
panties were off before she even entered the room.

With the large funnel blocking his vision, Jason couldn't even see the
scrumptious sight before him.  Susie's sweet ass wriggled on the seat as
she relaxed her bladder.

"Past the lips, over the gums, look out stomach here it comes!"

Susie's golden stream swirled around the funnel and flushed down
the tube into Jason's waiting mouth.  This time, spilling a drop
was not an option.  Anything Jason couldn't swallow, he would
simply choke on. Susie had evidently saved up for this moment.
Her stream lasted for over a minute until it finally sputtered
down to a trickle.  Jason drank every salty drop.

"Time for Elixir d'Sarah" the other sister said as they switched
places.

"Down the hatch!"

"Cheers!"

"Salute!"

The twins were obviously enjoying themselves.  Sarah helped Jason wash
down his breakfast with her potent nectar as Susie rubbed her fingers
along the scar on the underside of the slave's penis.  It was hard 24
hours a day, just like the doctor promised, at least until the batteries
ran out.  Jason's belly soon distended with the golden fluid.

Sarah pulled away the toilet as Susie removed the funnel.  They put it
in a corner, obviously intending to get a lot of use out of it.

Sarah started: "Jenny, Lady Mowbray wants you to get used to the taste
of our pee.  She wants you to be able to tell the difference between the
pee of many different women.  Sort of like a connoisseur of fine
wine...."

"Only this is the finest!"  Susie interjected.

The twins glanced at each other and smiled.

Over in the next room, Amanda was also smiling.  She slowly pulled out
the large dildo from Justine and was very happy to find it so slick.

"Enjoying ourselves aren't we?," Amanda enthused.  "I didn't suspect you
as a closet lesbian but here's the proof," she said as she waved the
dildo.

Amanda sniffed the phallus and seductively licked it.  She then untied
Justine's gag and before a cry could be heard, roughly shoved it into
her new slave's mouth.  It had a ring at the base which allowed Amanda
to snugly tie it in place.

"You are a sweet dish, I must admit.  Have you ever tasted your own
cooking before, Justine?  Bon appetite!"

Amanda left the French girl to contemplate in privacy and eagerly walked
next door to Jason's room.




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 19: Lady Mowbray


" Where's the Polaroid?" demanded Lady Mowbray, as she strode into the
cell.  " There's only one place it could be."

The twins took hold of the mattress and with one big heave, they tipped
Jason onto the floor. He fell heavily on the tiles.

" There it is."

The Polaroid was exposed in its obvious hiding place. Jason was
heartbroken. It was his only possession and now they were going to take
it away from him. He was relieved, surprised and then suspicious, when
Amanda pinned it up on the wall at the foot of his bed. Nothing they
ever did had his pleasure or comfort in mind. It was always done to get
sexual pleasure from him or mental pleasure from tormenting him.

Suddenly it all became clear. Every morning when he woke, the first
thing he would see would be a picture of his loved one, cruelly bound,
gagged and sexually abused by these fiends. Amanda had been watching
him closely.

"Bingo," she thought.

His face betrayed him. Now she would have some more pictures taken, make
enlargements and pin those up also. With his hands always tied behind
him and a gag always in his mouth, he would not be able to remove them.

"Why stop there?" Amanda thought. "What about installing a video screen
and showing him videos of her?  Maybe even live from her cell next
door. I could put one in her cell and show her videos, too."

Lady Mowbray addressed the twins.

" Come on girls. Bring him along. I need him for target practice."

" My God!" thought Jason. " She's going to shoot my balls off."

He resisted the twins, but a poke from the cattle prod, and a shock
from the belt that doubled him up, soon persuaded him to cooperate.
They took him into the "games" room. It was large and mainly in
darkness. A few spotlights shone from an unseen roof. He was stood in
one of the pools of light, the twins behind him. Amanda nodded. The
twins kicked the back of both his knees. He collapsed backwards onto
the floor, banging his elbows and the back of his head. The three women
took off their skirts. They were wearing identical, crotchless white
knickers.

Amanda disappeared for a moment into the darkness and returned carrying
a two metre steel pole. She dropped it right across his bare toes.

" Mmmmuuff." The pain was excruciating.

He lay back and closed his eyes. After a while when the pain from his
toes subsided, he realized the pain from laying on his chained wrists
was just as bad. He rolled onto his side and lay there, helpless,
gagged with his usual black dildo, alone in the spotlight.

After what seemed like ages, the three women returned, pushing a large,
two tier tea trolley. On top was Justine. She was naked. Her bottom was
right on the end of the trolley. Her legs were spread wide and tied to
the front legs of the trolley. She was on her back and her arms were
down each side and tied to the back legs. She was gagged with a black
dildo. They pushed the trolley close to Jason, so that he had a good
view of her. He saw her vagina was moist, as though it was freshly
fucked. They parked the trolley about three metres from him.

Sarah came over to Jason and stood for a moment over him, giving him a
good view up her legs. Then she sat down between his legs, with her
back to one leg while she fastened that ankle to a welded loop on the
steel bar. He could feel the warmth of her nylon clad bottom against
his calf. She then braced her feet against his other ankle and pushed
his legs wide apart, until he thought he would split. Again he closed
his eyes with the pain. The steel pole was telescopic. Susie pulled it
apart, until the welded loop at the end was next to his ankle, Then she
fastened that one. Finally, she dropped a locking pin into the middle
of the bar, preventing it from closing and thus relieving the pain in
his groin.

Amanda pulled a hook on the end of a chain from out of the darkness
above him. She hooked it onto the third welded loop in the centre of
the bar, then stood back. Sarah disappeared into the darkness and he
heard the rattle of chains. As his legs began to rise into the air, he
saw Amanda point he controller at him and the ring vibrator on his
balls started up at a fast rate. As he hung inverted, he felt elated.
She was going to relieve him!

The red light started to blink on his belt. They spun him around a few
times just for fun. He kept catching glimpses of the helpless Justine.
Her wide open vagina was tantalizingly on offer. Jason saw Amanda pull
a rope down from the darkness, gather up Justine's beautiful long hair
and tie the rope around it. Susie adjusted the tension so that
Justine's head was pulled up off the trolley and she could look along
her stomach at Jason. It was the first time their eyes had met. Both
saw the pain in each others eyes and they both wanted to comfort each
other. Neither could speak. Jason desperately wanted to put his arms
around her and bury his face in her hair.

Eventually, the women grew tired of their new game. Sarah fetched a
chair and sat down on the edge of it, close to Jason's head. She smiled
at him and kissed him on the nose. He heard the chain rattling as his
height was adjusted so that his nose was level with Sarah's open crotch.

Jason felt someone take hold of the chain joining his wrists. They
pulled him away from his pleasant view. As his arms were pulled down,
there was a terrible pain in his shoulders. Sarah moved her chair
forward to where he had been hanging. He was released slowly. He swung
back and his nose was buried in Sarah's vagina. She clamped her thighs
around his head and he began to suffocate. He felt someone begin to
masturbate him by hand and quickly he came to the point where he would
have ejaculated but for the inhibitor.

" Ready! Aim! Fire!" Amanda pressed GO on the controller.

Jason felt the wonderful relief of an ejaculation made even more
powerful by the pain in his body and his sense of suffocation. It was a
brief moment of bliss. He ejaculated once. Then that cursed red light
started to blink again. His packet of semen shot violently across the
gap between him and the helpless Justine.  It hit her on the inside of
her left thigh and slowly began to trickle downwards, away from her
open vagina.

" A miss. Up a bit and to the right."

Sarah pushed him away from her. His nose left her vagina and he sucked
deeply for air. She let go of him. He swung back into her vagina. He
felt the masturbation.

" A Hit! "

The violence of each single ejaculation was slightly less each time so
the angle upwards had to be constantly adjusted. After the tenth shot.
Justine was wheeled a little closer.

In one of his "breathing spells", Jason caught site of Amanda strapping
on a vibrating dildo. She bent down and with the help of Susie, she
passed the lead from it between her legs, up her back and down one arm.
She held the battery operated controller in her hand and the lead was
out of the way. She was behind Justine and then moved into the darkness.

" A miss!"

" Time for me to have a go."

Sarah and Susie changed places.

He managed twenty shots before they began to fall too short to be any
fun. The equivalent of about two normal ejaculations.

Sarah and Susie converged on Justine.

" Oh, no. Poor Justine." thought Jason.

He tried to struggle. But only managed to start a slight spin, causing
him to lose site of what was happening. The next time he saw her, she
was blindfolded with what looked like an under slip, and the trolley
was being wheeled towards him.

" We are going to let your boy friend have his wicked way with you now.
If he can get it up that is. But of course we will help him." whispered
Sarah into Justine's ear.

Just short of him the trolley stopped. Amanda came out of the darkness,
complete with strap on dildo. Silently she positioned herself between
Justine's open legs.

" Mmmmm."  Jason desperately tried to warn her. Then he realized it was
pointless.

Amanda inserted the warm, well lubricated dildo into Justine. She put
her hands on the trolley each side of Justine and pushed the dildo deep
inside her. Justine was unable to move see or speak. Reluctantly she
decided to enjoy it. She was unable to raise her hips. She had to just
lie passively and become slowly aroused.

Suddenly the vibrator started up deep inside her.

" How could Jason's penis vibrate?" the French girl thought.

Amanda leaned close to Justine's ear.

" Yes my dear. It's me."

Sarah began to gently caress one of Justine's breasts and Susie
caressed the other. Amanda turned up the vibrator.

Later, the two exhausted victims, were taken back to their cells, fed
and allowed to rest. The three women sat around a swimming pool in the
cool of the evening, sipping sherry.

" A good day's work I think."

" Great. We have a fantastic new game."

" It would be good at Hen Parties. The women could take bets on how far
he could shoot."

" What does the button STOP do?"

" Much the same as GO. Except it will stop him in the middle of an
ejaculation, or it will pause, during continuous artificial
ejaculation."

" Do you think we could convert Justine."

" What, to a lesbian?"

" Maybe. She seemed to enjoy herself, eventually."

" It would be good if we made IT believe that she was having a terrible
time and needed ITS protection."

" Maybe we could arrange for a secret note to be smuggled to him, asking
desperately for him to rescue her. Telling him that she loves him. She
doesn't have to be the one to write it."

" Great idea. Think of the torment that would cause him. When he can't
do anything."

" Cheers."

" Cheers."

" Cheers."




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 20: slave jason


Jason was on tiptoes as he spied through steel bars the three
women at the pool.  He had a nervous feeling in the pit of his
stomach.  He looked at the Polaroid pinned to the bare wall
and wondered if Justine was close by.  Jason frequently heard
footsteps and creaking doors nearby and assumed it was the
twins tending to Justine.  He walked over to the wall and put
his ear against it.  But the only thing that he heard was the
sound of his own heart beating.

In the morning, the twin sisters entered and began their
ritual of using Jason as a human toilet as they emptied their
full bladders.  This servile act did not disgust the young man.
He rather enjoyed it by then.  Jason felt like he was sharing
an intimate moment with the girls and they seemed to be much
kinder to him at these times.  The warmth of the frothy brew was
actually pleasant as it went down his gullet.  He even began
to notice the difference in aroma and taste between Susie and
Sarah.

"Sarah's was the sweeter," he thought.

The sisters also let Jason dry their vaginas with his tongue.

"Toilet paper's too rough on my labia," Susie said aloud.

Jason soon learned of another talent the sisters shared.  In
the past several months, they had taken piercing lessons and
had become quite adept at it, even piercing several body parts
of some of their friends.  On Amanda's orders, the twins, on this
particular morning went about the business of piercing the
tongues of the two slaves.  Sarah stayed with Jason as Susie went
next door to Justine's cell.  None too gentle, the girls used
tongs to pull on the tongues of their respective slaves and daubed
them with alcohol.  When the needle cut through, Jason and Justine
heard each other's screams. A post was placed through the resulting
hole and the slaves were given a respite from the dildo gag.

Later that evening, Amanda welcomed Jason into her bedroom for her
daily ritual of oral service.  She had just come from the shower,
her head and body were wrapped in towels.  With his hands shackled
behind him, he went about his task as Amanda removed the larger of the
towels and exposed her lush form.  She reclined on the bed as Jason's
heart turned to pudding.  Amanda's body always had that effect on him.
As usual, Jason crawled into bed between her legs as she casually
read one of her many books.

Before he started, though, he barely said above a whisper, "Please
don't hurt Justine, please..."  CRUNCH!

Amanda's shin caught Jason between the legs.  THWACK!  Her hand slapped
him hard across the face as he lunged forward.  He barely managed to
not topple over.

"You are NEVER to speak without permission. NEVER AGAIN!  This is your
final warning!"

Jason nodded in obeisance. For the next hour, the young man explored
every inch of his Mistress as she rested her feet on his shoulders.
With leash in hand, she directed him this way and that, even telling
him to pay homage to her navel and, as a final favor, to lave her
anus.

"Down on the floor, slaveboy, at my feet," Amanda cooed as she nudged
him with her toe.

Jason kneeled on the carpet at the foot of the bed and needed no
prodding to begin his worship of Amanda's beautiful feet. He gently
bathed each toe in his warm mouth. Amanda giggled.

"That post in your tongue tickles. But it feels good."

Jason continued to adore his Mistress' feet, swirling his tongue
around the ankle and wetly licking the highly arched sole. Amanda's
foot was soft and warm and Jason couldn't get enough of it. Luckily
there were two.

"Okay footboy, time for a break.  Follow me to the bathroom."

Still on his knees, Jason followed Amanda to the bathroom and listened
to her lecture.

"See this tub full of water?  I soaked in it a good 45 minutes after my
workout this afternoon.  What is it you men say?  Oh yeah, 'I would
drink a tub of her bathwater just to taste her pussy.'  Well, you've had
my pussy, so here's your payment," Amanda said pointing her finger at
the tub.

Jason was dumbfounded.  He looked at the tub, then at his Mistress.

"Surely she can't be serious," he thought to himself.

"I know what you're thinking and yes I am serious.  You are not to leave
this bathroom until you lick up every drop, or poor Justine will suffer.
And just to make sure that you don't pull the plug from the drain, I'm
putting this choke chain on your testicles and attaching them to the
commode behind you.  There will be just enough slack in it for you to
stand up and pee when necessary.  And believe me, it will be necessary
many, many times."

After she affixed her slave's balls, she shut the light.

"See you tomorrow toilet boy."

Amanda blew a kiss and closed the door behind her.

Amanda entered her "games" room and found Justine just as she ordered.
The French girl was sprawled over a padded horse with her wrists bound
to the front legs and her ankles bound to the rear.  Her cunt and ass
were thrust lewdly, and invitingly, upward.  Amanda stroked the smooth
rounded flesh of Justine's pert derriere.

"So milky white, so perfect.  I can't bear the thought of marking it
with my crop.  At least not yet," Amanda purred.  "At least I can have
some fun with your buried treasures."

Amanda buckled up her strap-on and slipped on a pair of latex gloves.
She made sure that the dildo was first properly coated with her viscous
secretions.  Jason's agile tongue definitely caused her to spring a
leak.

The Marquesa also liberally coated Justine's anus with her love fluid.
It was quite tight, but Amanda managed to work two slender fingers in.
When both knuckles slid past the sphincter, Justine cried through her
dildo gag and nearly shattered every window in the house.

"A virgin, are we Justine.  Well I'm rather honored to be the one to pop
your anal cherry," Amanda proudly declared.

Amanda had her way with the bound girl, loosening her up enough to
stroke furiously.  Justine even tried to push backward to meet the
thrusts.

By the amount of fluid dripping down the horse between Justine's legs,
Amanda knew the slave was climaxing.

"What an easy lay!" declared Amanda loudly.  "Imagine the heat you could
generate from a real fucking."

The Marquesa slipped the dildo from the harness and left it implanted in
Justine's rump.  In fact, she left her tied there like that for the
night.

The next morning, Amanda opened the door to her private bathroom. She
found Jason still on his knees in front of the tub, his belly grossly
distended. But the tub was still half full.

"Failure will be dealt with harshly.  However I haven't the time to
punish your girlfriend right now.  We have an appointment in the city.
I'll deal with her later.  Just wait until she finds out that you were
responsible for her punishment."

Jason kept his mouth shut and his eyes cast downward even though he
knew how impossible it was to have drunk an entire tubful of dirty
bathwater in just one night.

Susie and Sarah readied the slaves for their outing in the city. The
posts were replaced with rings as Jason and Justine had to get used to a
new sensation.  This time, Amanda decided to drive and chose her brand
new Mercedes as the twins loaded the human cargo into the trunk.
Justine was blindfolded, but Jason was not.  Of course, their hands
were tied behind them and their torsos were belted together.  However,
they wore no gags. Instead, Susie simply joined the two tongue rings
together and locked them with a small gold padlock.  She shut the trunk
and the five of them were off to the big city.

Jason tried to communicate with his old girlfriend in the dark humid
trunk.

"Does she know that it's me?" he thought to himself.

He could feel her hot breath on his face and her tangled hair seemed to
form a web around his entire head.  He tried to articulate, "It's me,
Jason!" But with the locked rings, it sounded incomprehensible.

The long drive proved fruitless to Jason.  Even sweating like a bovine,
Justine simply smelled as sweet as the day they first met.  In fact, he
hadn't been this close to her since they last made love, some eight
years before.

"Oh...Sweet agony!" Jason cried out.  Only no one could hear.

Jason attempted to kiss his beloved, but she painfully tried to pull
away.

"Oh my god!  What if she does know that it's me and thinks I'm a
co-conspirator in this debauchery?  Well, in a way I am.  I'll never
forgive myself if Justine doesn't make it through this madness," Jason
wrestled in his mind.

The shiny black Mercedes finally pulled up to the rear entrance of
Little B.'s Tattoo Studio. Beth greeted the three ladies and seemed very
enthusiastic. The owner of the parlor was in her mid to late 20's and
had spiky jet black hair with a bleached streak on each side just above
the ear. She wore a black t-shirt, black bicycle pants, and black combat
boots. She was only slightly taller than the twins and wore black nail
polish and black lipstick on her pale face.

"Well Amanda, where are your two new pets?" Beth inquired.

"In the boot.  I thought we might discuss the menu first.  Such talk
might frighten them and we don't want to do that now do we?"

The three ladies laughed as the two slaves nearly melted from the
mid-morning sun.

"So Amanda, what shall it be? Tattoos? Branding? Scarification?"

"Well," Amanda began, "I think for the French dish, maybe something
subtle. Something only those of us who are intimate with her can be
privileged enough to view.  Besides, her creamy flesh is just too
exquisite, it would be a shame to mark it or mutilate it in any way."

"And how about the other one?" Beth asked raising one diamond-studded
eyebrow.

"That thing?" Amanda answered, "I want everybody to know WHAT he is and
WHO he belongs to."

"I think I understand," Beth responded and smiled approvingly.




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 21: Lady Mowbray


The four women walked out of the back of the shop to the parked
Mercedes.

" Ouch!"

The black metal of the trunk was too hot to touch. The Marquesa used
her keys to open it.

" I see our two love birds have had a steamy session. The dirty beasts."

Jason and Justine were crushed close to each other by the leather
straps that had become wet with sweat and had started to shrink.

" Why didn't I think of that?"

" What's that madam?"

" Tightening the straps and then wetting them. Remind me for the return
trip."

The sweat from their faces had mingled. They were desperately thirsty,
but were unable to use their padlocked tongues to lick the sweat.
Jason's eyes were stinging from the salt.

Sarah unlocked and removed the tongue padlock. Her hair fell around
Jason's face as she leaned into the trunk. Before he could speak, Jason
had a broad strip of sticking plaster slapped over his mouth by Susie.
He knew this was the only type of gag that ensured complete silence. He
was apprehensive as to why it had been put on him. The same was done to
Justine's mouth. Her blindfold was then removed. They were lifted by
the four women from the trunk and stood on their feet. The chains on
their ankles were long enough to allow them to shuffle into the shop.

Beth admired the two naked, helpless bodies that she was presented
with. She licked her black lips as she walked around them.

" Lovely flesh. Why don't you leave them with me?. I could completely
cover them with some really good art work. I could work much faster
than normal, since I don't have to worry about hurting them or giving
them a rest. It would only take a couple of days," she pleaded.

Beth walked round to the front of Jason and lifted up his limp dick. She
looked at it with disgust. Turning to the Marquesa, she said " I
thought you said he was always hard? I can't work with this."

Jason had that now familiar sinking feeling as it began to dawn on him
why he had been so efficiently gagged.

" Sarah, catch."

Amanda tossed the controller to her.

" You are responsible for keeping him hard for Beth. Susie can help
you. It won't be easy."

Sarah loved the challenge.

" Yes madam."

" Thanks for the offer Beth. Maybe some other time. Today, I just want
them identified as my property."

" Why, do you think someone might steal them?"  Beth flashed a dazzling
smile that showed how her canine teeth had been filed to points.

" I'd like to see someone try. Remember what happened to the last
burglar that we killed in self defence."

The four women all laughed.

Jason shuddered. He dare not think how the poor man must have suffered
before he died. He hoped the Marquesa would never grow tired of him. He
resolved to try even harder to please her. This was exactly the effect
intended by the women when they lied about the fictitious burglar. They
knew they would need Jason to work with them during the coming few
minutes. They had decided to do Jason first, so that he would suffer
again when he saw Justine being done, knowing what she was going
through.

Jason was laid down on a low padded leather bench. His arms dropped
down the sides and were strapped to the top legs of the bench.  His
legs were bent and hung down each side of the bench. The bench forced
his thighs open. His ankles, thighs, hips, stomach, chest and neck were
all strapped tightly. Beth displayed an expertise that showed she had
done it before. He could not move any part of his body and he could
hardly breathe.

Amanda nodded in approval.

Justine was stood against some steel shelving where she had a good
view. A cord was passed through the D ring in her collar, fastening her
neck firmly to a steel upright. Beth went to a cupboard and took out a
bottle of Scotch. She took a long swig from the bottle and then passed
it round. Taking another long swig when it came back to her.

Jason wasn't supposed to know the bottle was filled with cold tea. Beth
took pride in her work and needed a steady hand. She walked unsteadily
towards the helpless Jason and sat on a leather stool next to his head.
She took up what looked like a dentist's drill and grinned, showing her
filed teeth framed by black lips. Justine looked on horrified. Then
closed her eyes. Amanda walked over to her and using her fingers, held
Justine's eyes open.

Beth worked quickly as she tattooed the words "SLAVE JENNY" across
Jason's forehead. She then moved to his lips and tattooed, where a
mustache would have been, the words "PRIVATE DO" on one side and "NOT
ENTER" on the other. Under his bottom lip, in smaller letters, went the
words "PROPERTY OF LADY MOWBRAY."

She then moved down to his cock, which Sarah and Susie had teased into
a hard rod. She slipped a metal clamp down his cock to the base. It was
the type normally used to clamp hoses onto metal outlets. Amanda passed
her a screwdriver and then gritted her teeth while she watched Beth
tighten up the clamp until the base of Jason's penis was crushed to
half its size. Beth turned to her appreciative audience.

" That will trap the blood in his cock and maintain his erection no
matter what, batteries or no batteries. I can't leave it on too long
though, or it will drop off with gangrene."

" It had better not. That would spoil all our fun," said Amanda, looking
concerned.

Jason felt reassured. His cock was hurting. His balls were aching and
the strap around them suddenly felt much tighter. The twins had left
the vibrator running. Jason could not move his head and so could not
see what was happening. He had to concentrate on feeling it. Justine
watched everything. Her eyes held wide open. Amanda, standing close to
her, detected a familiar aroma rising up from her pussy.

" You sexy little bitch. This is exciting you."

Amanda pushed her knee between Justine's legs and began to rub on her
pussy. Sarah and Susie saw what Amanda was doing and walked over.

Beth tattooed in three circles the separate words "LADY MOWBRAY'S
JOYSTICK," with "LADY" near the base and "JOYSTICK" near the tip. Beth
then unscrewed the clamp on his penis.  The pain of the returning blood
was excruciating. The tape gag had kept Jason almost silent throughout
the whole procedure. His penis then shriveled up to a wrinkled stump.
With an evil grin, Beth then tattooed along it's short length, across
the wrinkles, the word "USELESS."

When his cock became hard again, the dots making up the word would be
so far apart that they would be unnoticeable. Once it shrank, the word
would reappear. Beth slapped his stomach and shouted triumphantly.

" Done."

Now it was Justine's turn.

Sarah was working lovingly on one breast and Susie on the other. Now
that Jason's torture was over, Amanda's hands were free to open
Justine's vagina and tease her clitoris. She stopped short of letting
her climax. She released her neck fastening and led her to the bench,
where Beth waited eagerly. Justine was strapped down the same way as
Jason had been, with one added refinement. Clamps were fastened to her
labia. The cords from them passed across her thighs and hung down the
sides of the bench. Beth attached heavy weights to the cords,
stretching the labia, revealing a surprisingly large surface area.

Jason's neck was fastened to the shelving the same way that Justine's
had been. Amanda gripped his balls in one hand and dared him to close
his eyes. He watched Justine being branded. Beth moved up to Justine's
breasts and tattooed in small letters, just outside the areola and
following it's curve, the words "SARAH'S" around one and "SUSIE'S"
around the other. She then moved down to the stretched labia and
tattooed inside one, "PRIVATE KEEP OUT" and inside the other, "PROPERTY
OF LADY MOWBRAY."

Justine passed out.

Amanda moved quickly to Justine's head, ripped off the tape gag and
slapped her face. She began to moan and then opened her eyes. Jason was
going frantic and nearly strangled himself.




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 22: slave jason


The first thing that Justine saw were the piercing blue eyes of her
new owner, Lady Mowbray.  The Marquesa flashed a big contented smile and
kissed her slave right on the mouth.  Jason suddenly stood motionless.
Amanda extended her long pink tongue and licked the side of Justine's
face, from her chin to her forehead.  The enslaved female remained
silent.

"Mmm...You are yummy Justine.  I wonder what that fine French snatch
tastes like," Amanda said, looking over her shoulder at Jason and
batting her eyelashes.

Amanda turned back to her latest conquest and crouched down close to her
ear.

"I'm soooo glad that Jason told me about you.  I do love making new
friends," the Mistress whispered so only Justine could hear.

Beth interjected.  "Amanda, why don't we leave these two lovebirds alone
to recover while the four of us go and get a bite to eat?"

"Capital idea, Beth.  I'm famished.  I'm suddenly in the mood for
seafood," Amanda replied.

The two slaves were left in their respective positions while Beth put an
"OUT TO LUNCH" sign on the front door of her parlor.  They took the
Mercedes to Beth's favorite bistro, "Palentine's," and each ordered a
seafood salad.  The maitre d', who could not take his eyes off Amanda
since she first entered the restaurant, sent over a bottle of Sauvignon
Blanc on the house.

"That's Gregory.  I think he's fallen in love," Beth said teasingly to
her friend.  "I wonder if he'd still fawn over you if he knew what you
were capable of."

Amanda looked over at the middle-aged man and seductively licked the
butter off a piece of bread.

"I bet it would take only a matter of minutes before his lips were on
your feet milady," Susie chimed in.

"Here? In the middle of this place? I don't think so," replied Sarah.

Beth put her hand to her forehead and shook her head while Amanda
chuckled softly.

"I mean it," Susie insisted.  "Put your money where your mouth is Sarah.
I'll bet you next week's allowance."

"You're on."  The wager was official.

Susie turned to Amanda.  "Ma'am, it would be a shame if those shoes of
yours had any scuffs on them," the young girl hinted while looking down
at her Mistress' ivory pumps.  Amanda winked back.

"May I?" Susie inquired while holding the nearly empty wine bottle over
Amanda's shoes.  The Marquesa nodded approvingly and the redhead poured
the remainder over Amanda's shoes and onto the floor.  She turned the
empty bottle on its side on the table and exclaimed, "OH, NO!"

Sarah added a "WOW!" and Gregory rushed over as all heads turned their
way.  The maitre d' grabbed a folded white tablecloth and quickly patted
Amanda's shoes dry while soaking up the wine off the floor.

"My poor shoes.  And I just purchased them," Amanda grieved.

"They should be alright, ma'am," Gregory responded on one knee.

"Look at that scuff.  That tablecloth was very rough.  I don't think I
can even return them now in this condition," Amanda cried.

"No, no.  That's no scuff," Gregory insisted.  To prove his point he
bent down further on both knees and gently blew on Amanda's right pump.
"You see?  It's gone"

"I still see it," Amanda pouted.

Gregory attempted to wipe the surface of the shoe with the damp
tablecloth before Amanda cut him short.

"No, no, no.  Not that again.  Use something else.  Something softer,"
Amanda pleaded looking at Susie with a raised eyebrow.

Gregory sunk down even lower and gently flicked his tongue on the grape
flavored leather.  He looked up proudly at Amanda.  "You see?  All
gone!"

Amanda thanked him.  While crossing her legs, she let the ivory pump
lightly graze his crotch.  It was clearly hard.  Sarah rolled her eyes
as Susie pumped her fist in the air.

Amanda had that sort of effect on men.

One man whom she had that effect on was still standing in Beth's tattoo
studio.  Several feet away his former fiancee lay.  Jason knew that the
labial tattoos were probably more painful, but it was the breast
markings that bothered him more.

"Such fresh lovely flesh.  What a horrible waste," he thought.

If Jason had looked in a mirror at that very moment, he probably
wouldn't have thought much about sweet Justine.  He was ruined.  As bad
as Justine's "artwork" was, Jason's was like a cattle brand.  Even if
he thought of escape, he was forever marked as SLAVE JENNY right on his
forehead.  Plus there was that horrible thing engraved around his mouth.

Just then, Justine craned her neck and, with great difficulty, glanced
over at Jason.  He leaned forward, choking himself in the process.  He
thought he detected a scowl on his beloved's face before she rested her
head on the bench.

Beth provided Amanda with several fresh pieces of long rawhide strips.
She soaked them in water before the slaves were strapped together face
to face.  The heat from the trunk would serve to shrink them as they
dried, making it most agonizing for the human cargo.

Their tongues padlocked, the two lovebirds were eased down into the
trunk as the rest of their bonds were fastened.  Sarah made sure Jason's
cock was erect for the trip home so that it would painfully jab Justine
in the belly, painful for both of them.  It was even hotter during the
ride home, but Amanda got a slight chill in the back seat.  The air
conditioner in the Mercedes had just been repaired and it worked
extremely well.  "Too well," thought Amanda as Sarah did the return
driving with her sister next to her.  They made a quick stop at a
bondage supply store before leaving the city.

On the way home, the three women laughed until the tears ran.

"Did you see his face," Amanda gasped for breath, "when he thought
her breasts were tattooed.  The poor lamb was devastated."

"It was delicious," the twins resonded.

"Just keep her away from the shower for a few days. I want to get the
maximum amount of grief from him before the breast 'tattoos' wear off."

In the dank darkness of the cramped trunk, the two slaves could not see
each other, but Jason's erection angered Justine.

"How could he possibly be horny at a time like this? The freak!" she
thought.

She even tried to push the offending member away with her taut stomach.

Jason moaned, spraying saliva into Justine's mouth, further irritating
her.  She jerked her head back which, of course, caused them both pain.
The head of his engorged penis was lodged against Justine's ribcage.
She angrily pushed and Jason felt it bend backward. He tried to say no
and accidentally thrust his crotch forward, hurting the French girl.
She pulled his tongue inside her mouth and bit down on it hard.  The
women in the car heard the shriek even through the loud air conditioner
and the blaring stereo.

On Amanda's orders, Sarah pulled over to the side of the road.  Before
they opened the trunk, Susie remarked, "This is like the beginning of
that gangster movie!"

Susie turned the key and the lid opened.  The two slaves squinted as the
midday sun shone on their unprotected eyes.  Blood was everywhere.
Jason's cut tongue flowed freely, but most of it ended up on Justine's
face and in her hair.  She even started to cough on it as some trickled
down her throat.

"We're only a half hour from home," Amanda began.  "You'll take care of
him later while I punish Justine for Jenny's failure to drink his water
yesterday."

Justine looked at her former beau and the "Jenny" on his forehead. It
was him.

"He refused to drink some water and now I have to pay for it?" she
thought to herself.

The straps already started to sink into the flesh of the captives,
cutting off circulation.  Every breath that Jason took prevented Justine
from filling her lungs.  As a gallant gesture, the young man tried to
hold his breath for as long as possible without passing out. They
arrived at their destination not a moment too soon.

Sarah got out her hunting knife and maniacally waved it in front of the
slaves, frightening them to no end.  She giggled and simply sliced
through the rawhide to free them.

Jason and Justine were brought up to their respective cells.  The twins
tended to Justine while Amanda dealt with Jason.  She had a paper bag
with her and told the young man to kneel with his shoulders to the
floor.

"This is called 'The Humbler,' Jenny.  I intend to keep it locked on you
at all times.  This way, you won't ever be taller than the ones you
serve.  You shall always stand in a hunched over position.  This little
beauty will assure that," Amanda declared producing the wooden
instrument.

Jason did not see the tortuous implement but instead stared at Amanda's
ivory pumps with their silver heels.  He never hated his Mistress more
than he did at that moment.  What she did to Justine, he thought, was
unforgivable. Amanda walked behind him and he shivered as she pulled
his testicles back between his legs. She deftly positioned his sac
between the indentations of the two oak pieces to check their fit.

"Perfect."

Amanda put down the wooden device and unwrapped the two bolts from the
bubble pack.

The Humbler would consequently prevent Jason from standing completely
upright.  It also put his balls in a considerably vulnerable position.
Amanda's leather pumps suddenly cast an evil shadow.  The Marquesa
teased Jason's scrotum using the toe of her shoe and scraped the sharp
heel across its length.

"Remind me to get these two cuties tattooed at a later date," Amanda
remarked.




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 23: Lady Mowbray


The twins joined Lady Mowbray in Jason's cell.

Amanda took the humbler and held it so that the slave could get a good
look at it.	He thought it might be a clamp to be used on poor
Justine's white breasts. He absentmindedly started to rise.

" Bend over, Jenny!"

He again bent over and felt one of the women take hold of both his
balls, while another removed the vibrator strap. What a relief. He
wanted to scratch, but his cuffed hands could not reach. His relief was
short-lived. He felt the two pieces of wood being clamped around the
neck of his testicles. He was really worried when he saw a grinning
Amanda hand a spanner to the two women who were clamping his balls.

Jason almost smiled when he had a silly thought about the ball clamp.

" I must have left them in a no parking zone."

" Done," said a triumphant Susie.

" See if you can stand upright," Amanda said to her slave.

Lady Mowbray was intently watching, still smiling and tapping the
spanner in one hand. Gingerly, he started to stand upright. He only
reached just past half-way when he felt the wooden clamp pressing hard
against the back of his thighs and his balls felt as though they would
be torn off.

" Brilliant."

" These are real handy."

Amanda tapped his protruding testicles with the cold metal spanner.

" Ouch!" Jason felt vulnerable. He was unable to protect his exposed
balls in any way.

" How come he is not gagged? He's finished eating."

" Sorry madam. I was so interested in the new device. I'll see to it at
once."

" Hang on. Not his penis gag. I've brought these."

Amanda reached into the shopping bag and brought out an old-fashioned
pair of peach-coloured bloomers.

" They belong to Madge, the cook. I fished them out of the laundry
basket. I think she has peed in them, but they are dry now. They smell
great."

She held them under Jason's nose then stuffed them in his mouth. She
then handed Sarah one of Madge's underslips to tie them in place.

" Good. That looks better. You know, having him gagged really turns me
on."

Amanda clipped the lead onto Jason's collar.

" Unfortunately, I do not have time for him to eat me this morning. He
is going out on his first assignment."

" Oh goody. Can we come?"

" What is it?"

" Will it be fun?"

Amanda held up her hand.

" Hold on. Yes you can and yes it will. We will be there to look after
him. I don't want my property being damaged. I shall also be taking
Justine along to watch."

" What is it? What is it?" The two girls were excited like two school
children.

Poor Jason stood there bent over, humiliated, vulnerable, silenced and
just as curious and very apprehensive. If Amanda was worried about him,
it must be serious.

Then it struck him. She was concerned about him. She cared!

" Go and collect Justine. I'll take him out to the Merc."

" I think her Ladyship fancies Justine," Sarah said to her sister.

" I hope so. Madam could do with someone to really love her," Susie
replied.

" Like us you mean?"

Sarah and Susie kissed passionately. They held each other tightly,
their heads on each other's shoulders.

" Come on, you cow."  Sarah grinned and poked Justine's naked bottom
with the cattle prod.

Susie pulled on her lead and they took her to the kitchen, where Amanda
was waiting with Jason. Amanda fished in the dirty laundry basket and
before Justine could speak to Jason to see if he had injured his back,
she too was gagged with used underwear. Amanda continued to rummage in
the laundry and eventually found two pairs of her own knickers. She
pushed these into the shopping bag she was carrying.

As Jason turned to be led, bent double, out to the car, Justine saw
with a shock what they had done to him. She was equally shocked to
realise that it excited her.

Jason was put on the floor behind the front seats. He was set on his
head and his bent knees. Amanda had put the two extra pairs of knickers
on the floor and his face was buried in them. He was grateful. It was
more comfortable than the rough carpet.

" What was she up to?" he thought. "She is not usually concerned about
my comfort."

Sarah drove. Justine sat between Amanda and Susie on the back seat.
Susie's feet were on Jason's head, Amanda's on his balls and humbler,
and Justine's were on his back. Amanda idly poked his balls with her
pointed shoes. Growing tired of this, she put her arm around Justine
and began to gently caress her breasts. Justine responded by putting
her gagged head on Amanda's shoulder. The car entered a typical
suburban district as Sarah followed the "mud map" that Amanda had given
her.

" Come on madam. You've got to tell us. Who are we going to see? What
do they want Jason for?"

" All right. She's a deserted single mum. She wants Jason so that she
can do all the things to him that she wants to do to the rat who ran
out on her."

" Wow."

" Neat."

" I have given her a big discount because she does not have a great
deal of money."

Amanda took Jason's orgasm controller out of her pocket and clicked on
'cont. inhib.' The red light began to flash on his belt.

" I may be able to offer her a job. I don't know yet. I'll see how
things go."

Sarah gently appled the brakes.

" That's the house. Drive straight into the open garage and do not get
out until she closes the doors."




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 24: slave jason


"Good morning Amanda, or should I say good afternoon.  I'm in the middle
of making lunch. I do hope you and your friends join me," the woman
said, greeting her guests.

Brianna was in her late thirties, had shoulder length strawberry-blonde
hair and an infectious smile she used to cover up her misery. Her
husband of 19 years had deserted her over a year ago only to run off
with a 20 year-old.  He left her with only their house and car.
Brianna was smart with finances and was able to keep up payments on the
house.  The car, luckily, was already paid for.  Brianna was a
homemaker her entire life but landed a good job in accounts receivable
in a major department store through a family connection.  Her
bookkeeping skills helped her family's bank account grow.
Unfortunately, her husband drained it all for himself and his floozy.

Daniel, her husband, was the only man she ever made love to.  They were
high school sweethearts and she was a virgin when they first had sex.
Daniel, on the other hand, had sex with many different women throughout
their marriage.  Brianna had known about a couple of them, but kept
quiet to preserve the marriage and for the sake of her three children:
Rebecca, 18, Thomas, 12, and Jonathan, 8.

"My kids will be home in about four hours, so I think we should discuss
business over lunch," Brianna said.

Jason and Justine were led into a back room in the basement.  The door
to it was kept padlocked at all times.

"My kids think it's a wine cellar.  Little do they know," Brianna
giggled.

For the past two months, Brianna had built a veritable torture chamber.
It was really only a silly fantasy at the time and the housewife wanted
to stretch her creative muscles.  Growing up, she though that she might
become an artist and even did some interior decorating on the side for
some extra money.  She even got the chance at her present job to help
decorate a Christmas-themed window display.

Brianna's "dungeon" was pretty horrifying and reflected her perverse
feelings toward men in general at the moment.  Luckily, her boss at work
was a woman.  She had filled her playroom with virtually everything a
practicing sadist could ever want.  It did not seem like a happy place.
Brianna's husband was a well-paid carpenter and she learned a lot from
him in the past 19 years.  She custom built many devices of torture and
collected many implements via mail order.

Susie and Sarah left the two slaves in the dungeon while they joined
Amanda and Brianna upstairs for lunch.

"What are the ground rules, Amanda?  I mean, what can't I do to him?"

"Well, Brianna, I want him in one piece at the end of your three hour
session."

"Okay, I can live with that.  What I really am looking forward to is
when Rebecca goes to China on that school trip and the boys go to camp.
I'll have nearly two weeks to myself here all alone. I'd like to really
get it out of system and totally let loose on your Jenny."

"One step at a time, Brianna," the Marquesa said.  "Let's first see how
this works out.  Maybe you'll find that you're not such a sadist after
all.  I have some supplies in my car if you..."

Brianna interjected, "That won't be necessary.  I think that I have
everything I need.  For now at least."

The foursome finished their tuna salad sandwiches and coffee and
journeyed downstairs.

Brianna changed from a floral print sundress and strappy sandals to a
black leather catsuit and "don't fuck with me" boots.  She went from
Emma Woodhouse to Emma Peel in the blink of an eye.

"The twins, Justine, and myself will monitor your first session offering
you pointers if necessary.  By the looks of this place, I doubt it will
be.  If all goes well, you could be a permanent part of Jenny's life,"
Amanda declared.

Susie and Sarah pulled up four leather-backed chairs and the spectators
sat down to enjoy the show.  Amanda didn't want any "accidents" and made
sure the red light flashed on Jason's inhibitor belt, preventing any
ejaculations.

Brianna didn't fool around.  She got right down to business.  The meek
little suburban housewife hand cranked a winch and a length of chain
descended from a ceiling pulley.

Using a key that Amanda provided her, Brianna unlocked Jason's wrist
shackles and relocked them in front of him.  She added cuffs to his
knees and attached a spreader bar between them and to his ankle cuffs as
well.  She pulled Madge's soiled undies from his mouth and attached the
hanging chain to the ring in Jason's tongue.

"Wait a second, Brianna.  One piece remember?"  Amanda interrupted.

"This is the most important part of my fantasy, Amanda.  If you don't
give me this, then all of it is ruined for me.  You see, Daniel's phone
call to me...With all the uncaring things that he said to me, I didn't
even yell at him.  I asked HIM for forgiveness.  Do you believe it?  I
need to control that male tongue and maybe then I'll be able to use
mine."

Amanda looked at the twins.  Sarah shrugged.  Susie said, "Go for it!"

"Alright, Brianna.  But you are to lower the winch at any sign of
danger."

"Of course, Amanda."

Brianna proceeded to raise the winch.  This caused Jason's spine to
straighten which, in turn, caused the humbler to yank his scrotum.

Jason was in blinding agony.  If he relieved the pressure on his tongue,
his balls would stretch.  If he relieved the pressure on his sac, his
tongue would threaten to tear.

Amanda watched intently as the winch was further cranked and Jason's
back arched.  The Marquesa was amazed at this new ball stretching
technique as Jason was finally raised on tiptoes.  His shrieks fell on
Justine's helpless ears.  She couldn't raise her hands to cover them.
The twins were at the edge of their seats.  Jason saw stars.

Brianna leaned close to Jason and whispered in his ear.

"If you men can't learn to control your libidos, then I'll just have to
teach you how."

Her hot tongue wetly darted in his ear.  Although in agony, this simple
act caused his cock to visibly twitch.

Brianna walked over to a cabinet and produced an evil-looking bullhide
flogger.  Sarah audibly gasped and Susie started to stroke herself
underneath her miniskirt.

The housewife showed her dexterity with the whip and practiced several
times in the air.  The first blow caused Jason to lurch forward.  He had
to balance precariously on his toes but still protect his vulnerable
tongue and testicles.  Brianna lashed into his upper back, lower
shoulders, his buttocks, and thighs.

The humbler served to protect part of Jason's buttocks and thighs but
left his balls completely vulnerable to harm.  Luckily, Brianna had
several weeks of practice with a store mannequin.  As she warmed up, the
time between the blows diminished.  Jason's tongue took much punishment,
bit it held steady.  His balls were another matter.  With every lash, he
felt as if he were kicked in the sac as the oak slabs pulled savagely.
But Amanda took notice of his throbbing cock.  So did Brianna.  She
stroked it with a leather gloved hand.  Jason moaned, but there was no
release.  The belt did its job and inhibited any orgasm.

Brianna looked over at Amanda who held the control.  She felt challenged
and vigorously masturbated Jason with her soft buttery palm.  Jason bit
down on his tongue.  With every upstroke his nuts were stretched
further.  At the same time, the lust was unbearable but he could not
shake it.  Brianna realized it was futile as well and surrendered to
Amanda.

Just then, everyone's eyes turned to the left as the sound of a door
slamming shut filled the room.  It was Rebecca, Brianna's daughter.  She
was home from school early because of a fire in the science lab.
She had the same strawberry-blonde mane and jade green eyes as her
mother.  Rebecca also had a splash of freckles across the bridge of her
nose and wore a red and white cheerleader uniform.

"Mother, what's going on? Who are these people?"

Rebecca wasn't a shy girl and walked right up to Jason's sweaty carcass.

"Who the hell is this stinkpot?"

Brianna brought her daughter upstairs to explain as Amanda gathered up
her "things."

The twins abruptly released Jason and brought him back to the garage.
Amanda escorted Justine, but not before she noticed that the slave's
chair was wet with secretions.

Back at the manor, Amanda invited in her private investigator.  He was
right on time for his appointment.  The telephone rang.

"It's for you madam," Madge interrupted.

"Excuse me Philip, I shall only be a minute."

It was Brianna.

"Hello, Amanda.  Sorry about that little misstep this afternoon.  I did
thoroughly enjoy the experience, though."

"That's quite alright, love.  Those things happen.  I think Jenny's
welts will be around for awhile, a testament to your whipping skills."
Amanda answered.

"Thank you.  I do have a request, though."

"Anything for you, you know that."

"My daughter, Rebecca, wants to be in involved with my 'activities'
from now on.  Is that okay with you?"

"Of course, Brianna, the more the merrier.  Don't you worry about
anything.  I'll keep in touch."

Amanda had hired a private investigator to do some snooping into
Justine's background.  His final report was ready and Amanda was shocked
to learn the real reason for Jason's canceled engagement.  There was
another person in Justine's life at the time.  Her name was Teresa.
Jason could not compete with her and he knew it and consequently broke
up with his fiancee.  Teresa was a leather bulldyke type.

"I think," Philip began, "that your Justine is not the little angel that
Jason...uh, Jenny, made her out to be.  She was into some pretty freaky
shit."

Amanda sank back into the sofa and folded her fingers behind her blonde
head.  She was quite pleased with these latest developments.

Philip handed Amanda his completed report and was escorted back to his
car.

"Great work, Philip.  I'll call you if I need you," Amanda said as the
PI drove away.




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 25: Lady Mowbray


Jason awoke to find the gag being removed from his mouth. He knew what
that meant. He was then blindfolded. To his surprise and pleasure, the
soothing cream that had been put on his cuts was gently reapplied.

" Now then. Let's see how good you are. Your success rate at
identifying us determines where you go today. Brianna would love to get
her hands on you again."

Ignoring the portable toilet because she wanted to look at his face,
Susie lifted her skirt and stood astride Jason's head. She then peed
mostly into his mouth, some splashing onto her bare feet and some onto
the tiled floor.

" Well?"

" It's Susie."

" Well done. Now, who's this? "

Amanda stood astride him and peed.

" It's Amanda."

He felt a stinging blow to his testicles from a riding crop.

" WHO?"

" Sorry madam. Lady Mowbray madam," stammered Jason.

" I  shouldn't have to remind you Jenny. You've been here long enough."

Sarah then peed on him. Finally, a bucket of water was thrown over him.

" You stink, you horrible beast."

" All right girls. Give him his breakfast, then put him in the car. The
same as yesterday. I like having his testicles presented to me on top
of his bare bottom. Put Justine in the boot. Hog-tie, gag and blindfold
her and stuff a vibrator up her twat. I've gone off her. Make sure the
vibrator has new batteries."

Again they drove through typical suburban streets to a new address. It
had an attached garage like all the rest and they drove straight in.
Jason heard the engine noise stop. He was bent double behind the back
seat and his face was buried in a pile of dirty women's underwear. The
intimate clothing surrounding his face and head somehow gave him a
sense of security and he felt safe. Courtesy of the terrible twosome,
he had been prepared with a ring gag in his mouth. This meant one thing
was in store for him and Jason was excited by the prospect.

A slightly overweight, stereotypical housewife greeted them in a padded
house coat and fluffy bedroom slippers.

" Welcome. You must be from 'Rent A Man'."

She peered into the back of the car and giggled.

" Oh my."

She stood back from the door.

" Take him right through. The others are in the lounge."

" We've brought his naughty girlfriend along. I hope you don't mind."

Amanda opened the boot and showed her the hog-tied and gagged Justine.

" Oh my."

" We can leave her here if you like."

" No, no. You had better bring the poor girl in. Some of the others
might be interested."

The normal Bridge Foursome had grown to six this morning. They all
stood up and crowded around Jason as he stood with bowed head, enforced
by the humbler. A woman in a business suit, glasses and a commanding
air said "Can you take that thing off him." She pointed to the clamp
around his balls.

The twins obliged.

"Tie him up against that door, with his hands above his head."

The twins tied a rope on to the chain between his wrists, threw it over
the door, yanked on it to pull his hands up, then closed the door on
the rope.

" I didn't realise so many people would be coming. It's upset our plans
a little," the homeowner remarked.

" That's no problem," said Amanda. "Is there a bedroom we can use? We
can take this little slut in there and have a little chat with her. If
you want to use her in your game, you are quite welcome."

When the bridge club was alone with Jason, they decided that they would
not waste time playing cards for forfeits as they had planned, but
would do all the things that they had listed as forfeits straight off.

" Change of plans sunshine."

The women took him down, cleared the card table and put him face down
on the table, with his feet spread and tied to the table legs. It was a
small, sturdy table and there was just room for his stomach and chest
on the table. His face projected over the end. His hands were chained
behind his back and his hard cock was vertically crushed against the
side of the table. His balls hung vulnerably between his open legs.

" Who's first?"

" We can go two at a time."

These were all middle-aged housewives, mostly past their "use by" date,
but they were a randy lot with many kinky frustrations. They removed
his ring gag, with promises to use it later, then made him lick their
bare bottoms and anuses. Others repeatedly raped him with dildos. Some
just wanted to thrash his bottom with various whips.

They tied a cord around his penis and added spoons, knives and forks as
weights, but the cord slipped off. Someone got a roll of packaging tape
and taped the cord to his cock. This worked much better and he began to
cry out. The women stuffed as many of their knickers as they could into
his mouth and wrapped packaging tape around his head to hold the fabric
in. Eventually, the tape ripped off his penis and he managed a muffled
scream. This was echoed by laughter from the bedroom.

Some tied thin ropes around his balls and tried to see how far they
would stretch by connecting the same weights as they had used on his
cock. This time, the cord did not slip and they eventually gave up when
it seemed his balls were going to be torn off. They were a surprisingly
sadistic bunch. Most took great delight in pulling his hair and pulling
his head back as far as they could.

After about an hour, they put the ring gag back in and took him to the
bathroom.

He lay on the floor, naked, gagged and chained, while six naked witches
danced around him, peeing and spitting on him whenever they felt like
it. They got quite excited and Jason was genuinely scared of them.

" What about his girlfriend? Can we do the same to her?"

" I'll go and see."

The woman who owned the house put on her dressing gown and went to the
bedroom where they had taken Justine.




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 26: slave jason


"Oh, my...excuse me!" she said, face to face with the orgy in front of
her.

Justine was tied spread-eagled to the four corners of the bed.  Four
layers of towel were placed underneath her crotch to protect the
bedsheet.  Amanda, still clothed but sans knickers, straddled her female
slave's head and enveloped it with her white cotton dress.  The Marquesa
faced Justine's feet and received the "best oral favors she had ever
felt," she would later recount.  The young French maiden was apparently
an expert in such matters.

A nylon cord wrapped above and below each kneecap assured that Justine's
knees would remain bent, allowing the twins full access to her cunt.
Both Sarah and Susie wore a pair of latex gloves and prepared to ravish
poor Justine.  They placed a tube of KY jelly in the bathroom sink and
let it soak in hot water.  Sarah went first and slathered her fingers
liberally.  After she inserted three digits into Justine, Sarah used her
thumb to stimulate the clitoris.  With four fingers inside, the redhead
felt her hand start to get sucked in.  Sarah then lay her thumb
alongside her middle finger and very carefully pushed forward. She
twisted her hand a little and glided into Justine's pussy. When
inside, Sarah formed a fist and continued moving up and down.

Amanda's pleasure increased as well.  She felt like her whole midsection
was being swallowed up by Justine's mouth.  The French girl was on the
verge of orgasm herself, but Susie insisted it was her turn.  In the
middle of Justine's orgasmic bliss, Sarah removed her hand.
Unfortunately for her, the contractions were so intense that one of
Sarah's fingers was hurt pretty badly.

"OOOWWW!!!  You bitch.  What did you do to me?"

"What happened sis?"

"Are you alright?" Amanda asked swinging her legs onto the floor.

Sarah grabbed the wrist of her right hand.

"I think the slut broke my middle finger," Sarah hissed.

Amanda turned around to look at Justine.  She was smiling.  Even the
Marquesa had a hard time wiping the smile off of her own face.

"I oughta fist-fuck that lil' bitch right up her bum," Sarah screamed.

"SSSHHHHH! Quiet Sarah,"  Amanda warned, turning to the homeowner who
voyeuristically enjoyed the entire show.  "We're still guests in this
house.  We better get that finger looked at.  It looks like another
abortive outing for our little business.  If we keep giving out refunds,
we won't be able to expand."

When Susie brought Justine back into the garage, she noticed how pleased
with herself the French girl seemed.  Jason, on the other hand, felt
utterly defeated.  Defeated, and sore, as his rectum was brutally
assaulted and his buttocks viciously thrashed by six angry middle-aged
housewives.  But it was the humiliation that left the lasting
impression.

On Saturday morning, Brianna and her daughter stopped by Amanda's house.
The Marquesa felt obligated since the previous session with Jason ended
so abruptly.

Brianna and Rebecca were let in by Madge and escorted upstairs to
Jason's cell.  Amanda welcomed them and brought them up to date.
The twins were already preparing their slave.

Jason was blindfolded and the large funnel was placed in his mouth,
effectively pinning him to the floor. The portable toilet was placed
over the funnel and attached, providing a seal that avoided any possible
mess. Rebecca dropped her pleated skirt and knickers and squatted over
the toilet. She first expelled a trickle from her bladder. Jason
immediately noticed a new taste sensation and guessed that it was either
Brianna or her daughter.  Up until this point, he could tell the
difference between Susie's, Sarah's, and Amanda's pee much the same way
that a wine connoisseur might, savoring both the bouquet and the
aftertaste. Jason was becoming quite adept at his new role.

"Maybe we should bottle it, cork it, and label it for ole Jenny," Susie
joked.

Rebecca let out a more forceful stream and Jason swallowed it all.
Brianna followed. First she removed her tampon, then rained down on
Jason. The slave could tell that the creator of this particular brew was
on her menstrual cycle.  He overheard Brianna mention it earlier and
deduced that it was indeed her urine.
When the funnel was finally removed from Jason's mouth, he correctly
guessed the origin of all five golden showers.

"Very impressive, Jenny. I wonder if there's a use for such a talent,"
Amanda intoned.

"I wonder what other kinds of taste tests we can use on it," Brianna
replied looking down her nose at the blindfolded slave.

"Sarah, Susie...bring Jenny down to the 'games' room and prepare him
for Rebecca's birthday party," Amanda said.

"Yes, ma'am," the twins responded in unison.

Rebecca turned 18 only a week earlier and her mother thought that a
day at Amanda's would be the perfect gift.

Jason was laid across the middle of a large table. His wrists were
secured above his head by heavy duty nylon cord threaded through the
D rings in his cuffs and tied off to a ring underneath the table's edge.
His ankles received the same treatment. The humbler was also removed
and the phallus gag inserted.

Sarah, with the sprained middle-finger of her right hand in a splint,
released a ceiling pulley chain and attached a magnet to the end. Susie
easily stroked Jason to an erection and screwed on two hose clamps to
Jason's cock: one at the base and one just underneath the head.

"Tighter Susie, we don't want Jenny's 'clit' to go limp on us now do
we?"

Jason moaned through his penis gag as the lovely young redhead tightened
the cold metal of the bottom clamp but left the upper one rather loose.
When she was satisfied, Susie brought the hanging magnet down over to
the hose clamp under the cockhead and CLINK...she joined them together.

Sarah brought over a tube of surgical jelly and a 5 inch long, quarter
inch wide pink candle. She showed it to Jason.

"Guess what?  You're gonna be Rebecca's birthday cake.  I hope you're in
a festive mood, Jenny."

Sarah applied a liberal amount of jelly to the lower half of the candle
and slowly inserted it into Jason's urethra.  The young man squeezed his
eyes shut and bit down on the gag.  When approximately two inches was
painfully pushed down his cock slit, Sarah tightened the other clamp
until she felt that the candle was properly secure.

Susie placed six chairs around the table and set the table with dishes,
glasses, and utensils.

"Here's the birthday girl," Amanda cheerfully exclaimed as she escorted
Rebecca, her mother, and even Justine down to the games room.  Justine
still had her penis gag strapped in place and Amanda held her leash, but
the female slave was allowed to appear "decent" at the party. The
Marquesa dressed her in a tangerine sundress and a pair of mules.
Justine stood silently by her Mistress' side.

All six party guests sat around the table as Madge entered with food and
wine. Amanda stood up to offer a toast.

"Rebecca, you are a woman now. I hereby empower you to take all that is
womanhood and use it to your advantage.  Shake it, take it, and make it
into something of your own."

"Cheers," the others joined in.

"Rebecca", Amanda began while handing Rebecca a small pink disposable
cigarette lighter, "I give you the honors."

The schoolgirl stood up and moved her hand close to Jason's cock. He
felt her warmth and smelled her perfume. She flicked her thumb at the
lighter and lit a two inch high flame to the candlewick. The candle was
set ablaze as the revelers started on their feast. The loud stereo
effectively drowned out Jason's muffled groans of anguish.

Bubbling pink wax dripped down the length of Jason's penis, forming a
solid mass around his balls.  But the worst part of it was the flame's
proximity to the pulley chain.  It heated it, which consequently heated
the hose clamp under Jason's cockhead. This was unimaginable agony for
the poor slave as his manhood was practically roasted alive.

The candle started out with about three inches peeking out the slit.
Only an inch now remained as the flame moved perilously close to Jason's
penis.  Jason was able to watch the festivities via a ceiling mirror and
he looked over at Amanda who was busy chattering to Rebecca and
devouring Madge's delicacies.

When it seemed that only the wick protruded from Jason's cock, Amanda
moved to action.  Indeed, his entire cock was pink and therefore looked
like a candle itself.

"Rebecca, once again please, you do the honors," Amanda said handing the
orgasm controller to the guest of honor. "Simply press 'GO.'"

Rebecca stood up and aimed the control box toward Jason's crotch. The
tip of the slave's cock was practically on fire and he howled through
the gag.

"ONE...TWO...THREE!"

Rebecca pressed the button and a shot of semen rushed to the tip of
Jason's penis.  The flow was so strong that it bypassed the clamps
and the imbedded candle and shot out the tip, extinguishing the flame.

"WOW! Now I've seen everything," Sarah said as Brianna clapped her hands
and Susie whistled through her fingers.

Amanda took a sip of Cabernet and bent down to give Jason a peck on the
cheek.

"Brianna, let's talk business, shall we?" Amanda said as she turned to
her friend.

"What sort of business did you have in mind?"

"My 'Rent A Man' business has gotten off to a rocky start.  I feel that
with your financial expertise, we can build something unique...together.
It could be the start of something big.  I'll make you and your daughter
50/50 partners with me.  I'll be the Chief Executive Officer and you can
be the Senior Vice President and Treasurer.  You'll be in charge of the
books...the expenditures, etc. Rebecca can take care of scheduling,
travel arrangements, and the like.  Of course, I'll hire a full-time
nanny for your sons.  That way, you needn't worry about running home all
the time if you're held up 'at the office.'  Well?  What do you two
say?"

Brianna turned to her daughter who simply smiled the most radiant smile
of her life.

"What about school, Rebecca?"

"Oh, mother I can handle both."

"It's settled then," Amanda interjected.  I hereby christen 'A & B
Enterprises.' Long live 'Rent A Man.'"

The three women touched wine goblets as Jason's penis returned to room
temperature.




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 27: Lady Mowbray


As Jason's cock returned to room temperature, he tried to relax. Amanda
realized that her two new business partners did not fully appreciate the
possibilities of Jason's built in electronics.

"I think it only fair that Jason should celebrate too."

She picked up the controller and handed it to Rebecca. Jason thought
this particular ordeal was over. Now his heart sank as Amanda released
the pipe clamps on his penis.

" Press 'cont stim.' and watch the fireworks as he celebrates your
birthday."

Rebecca gritted her teeth in a grim smile, not knowing quite what to
expect as she aimed the controller like a TV remote changing channels.
Jason felt the explosive contractions of another ejaculation, without
any of the pleasure. He shot semen into the air in one short burst
after another. The women were delighted by the exhibition, even Amanda
applauded.

Gradually, the height of the semen shots diminished. Finally, only a
weak dribble emerged from his penis. Still, Jason kept contracting,
trying to ejaculate, but he had nothing left.

" Ohhhh."

" The poor lamb is empty. Really empty."

" How long does he take to recharge?" Brianna was interested from a
business point of view.

" I don't really know," confessed Amanda.

" Let's leave him for an hour and try again," Rebecca brightly
suggested.

" He would probably recover faster if we worked on him," said Sarah,
grinning at Susie.

" Very likely. What we need are some controlled experiments."

" We've been doing that at school, in science. I know how to do it,"
Rebecca put her hand up as though at school, then quickly put it down
again, looking embarrassed.

Jason continued to contract futilely. His muscles were beginning to
fatigue.

" You'd better press stop," suggested Amanda.

Jason collapsed. He was exhausted and empty, yet he didn't feel
satisfied. It was very frustrating.

" Come with me Sarah. I will give you the wind-up timer from the
kitchen. Then I want you three to find out how much semen he can
produce in an hour of continuous stimulation. Work in relays and you
had better press 'cont inhib'. I don't want any accidents messing up
the trial."

Amanda and Brianna stayed in the kitchen talking fees and possible jobs
that he could go on. Amanda told Brianna about her friend Camilla, a
lesbian school teacher who ran a small finishing school for upper
school girls, turning out good little lesbians. The students were only
from lesbian parents who wanted their girls, either from previous
marriages, or adopted, to grow up like them. They only attended the
school after they had completed their normal education and were over
eighteen.

Amanda went to the kitchen telephone and arranged for Jason to be used
as a live demonstration model for a lesson on how to treat that weak
sex, the human male. It was for three days time. She wanted him fully
charged for the demonstration.

They went back to the games room to see how the experiment was going.
Jason's head was under Justine's dress, with his face buried in her
nylon clad pussy. Sarah sat astride his stomach, facing his feet, using
his abused cock to masturbate herself. Rebecca was holding her skirt
around her waist, with her knickers around her ankles, while Susie held
a small mirror inside her cunt, trying to show her where her clitoris
was.

The alarm went off, signifying that the hour was up.

" Just let me finish," pleaded Sarah.

" No. This is business. We need to know his recovery rate for bookings.
You can use him to masturbate yourself any time."

Rebecca looked up from the mirror. "Does that apply to me too?"

" Of course," said Amanda. "You are part of the team now."

Amanda pressed 'cont inhib' again. The tiny red blinking light went out.

" I think we will do it properly this time. Who's going to do the
honours?"

Justine wanted it to be her, but her gag prevented her from asking.

" Pick me. Pick me!" shouted Sarah, bouncing up and down on Jason's
stomach.

Justine felt him blowing air into her vagina. "Mmmmm," she said. No one
noticed.

" All right. Sarah on his cock. Susie on his balls. Rebecca, you watch
closely and learn how to wank a man off properly."

It took a little longer that the few seconds that it normally did, but
he produced a satisfactory amount of semen and managed to shoot it a
short distance.

" That would be okay for someone who didn't know any better, but most
of our clients would want him to produce a lot more. Clearly an hour
from empty is not enough."

" Feel like doing it again, for two hours this time?"

To Jason's relief, the girls decided they needed a rest.

" Take him up to my bedroom."

These words from Amanda struck terror in Jason.

Jason stood quietly, blindfolded, gagged, hands chained behind him on a
slightly longer chain than normal and bent double with the humbler
clamping his balls.

Amanda undressed and climbed, naked, between the satin sheets.

" Come here, Jenny."

He moved towards her voice and banged his knees on the bed frame.

" Turn around."

She removed the ball clamp.

" Get in bed."

She cuddled up to him with one arm around his neck, holding his head on
her chest. He could feel her warm breasts on his nose and cheek. He had
been cold standing by the bed, but the heat from her body quickly
warmed him. He felt content.

" Go to sleep slave."

He felt Amanda relax. Her chest, gently heaving up and down, lulled him
into the deepest sleep he had experienced for some time.




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 28: slave jason


Jason was given a week's reprieve from ejaculations.  Amanda wanted him
"fully loaded" for his three days at Camilla's finishing school.  But
she also wanted to make sure that he was so highly sexed, so completely
horny that his compliance would be ensured.  This was a major test for
"Rent A Man," a significant turning point.  Amanda trusted Camilla
enough to leave Jason alone with her and her students for the entire
three days.  She assured her good friend that the subject would be mad
with lust to the breaking point and that he would make a good teaching
tool for the girls.

Amanda drove Jason to Camilla's by herself.  She didn't want the twins
there to act as a nuisance.  She wanted to be alone with him during
the long drive and talk to him.  It was their three month anniversary
together and she wanted to do something special for him.

In fact, like their first date, she drove the Volvo and wore the exact
same wardrobe: A buttoned down, long-sleeved white blouse and a blue
wrap around miniskirt.  Ever since they shared a bed together, Jason
became infatuated with his Mistress, falling deeply under her spell. She
understood this and hoped to exploit it.  Nevertheless, she felt a
certain symbiosis with him.

Camilla's school consisted of two buildings basically.  One was the
actual school itself and the other was the dormitory.  Camilla had
just five employees:  the elderly woman who ran the dorm, the cook,
the janitor, and two teachers, all female.  One of these teachers
was her longtime companion, Rachel.

Camilla, a fortyish sturdily built woman with sandy hair, spent her
adolescence in Catholic school and appreciated the discipline that
such an education wrought. In fact, she ran her classes the same way
and imagined herself as the Mother Superior.

"Now Jenny," Amanda began. "I'm leaving you in good hands. I don't want
you to disappoint me.  You will behave and do what Camilla tells you to
won't you sweetie?"

Jason shook his head up and down.  His phallus gag was in place and his
hands were cuffed to his side but he wore an over-sized gray sweatshirt
and cotton shorts.  His feet were bare.

Camilla came outside to great her guests and offered Amanda a cold
drink.

"No, I hate to run, but I've got some errands to do. I'll send the twins
over on Thursday to pick him up. Here's the control box for Jenny's
belt. I think I explained everything over the phone.  Call me if you
have a problem.  See ya.  Bye-bye Jenny.  Love ya."

Jason's cheeks flushed pink.  It warmed his heart to hear his Mistress
speak to him like that, even if she was turning him over to a bunch of
strangers -- a pack of lesbians yet.

As Amanda's Volvo created a cloud of dust, Camilla turned to Jason.

"So sunshine.  Let's meet the faculty.  Half of my staff is out sick,
but I'm sure Rachel would just love to lay her eyes on you."

Jason followed Camilla up the stairs and into the first office on the
right.  It was lunch time and all 18 students were in the cafeteria.
Rachel ate alone in her office.

"Rachel, this is the infamous Jenny."

Obviously, the curvy woman with the black nylons and curly brunette hair
was the femme in their relationship.  Camilla loved to show her off and
make both men and women envious.

"It's indeed a pleasure to meet you," Rachel said with a mouth full of
celery.  "Although the 'SLAVE JENNY' written on your forehead kinda gave
me a hint to your identity," she added with a giggle.

"Rach, honey...I'd like you to help me with this afternoon's class, if
you don't mind."

"You mean your human sexuality class?  I'll be there with bells on."

While the students filed into class, Jason was kept in the closet next
to Camilla's desk.  She waited for her class to settle down.

"Girls...I have a special treat for you today.  In fact, for the next
three days.  I'm going to show you how powerful your sexuality is and
what it is capable of and what it can get you in today's world.
I always want you to remember that you can use your feminine charms on
men..."

"MEN???" a chubby-cheeked brunette from the front row responded.  "Why
on earth would I want to waste such a thing on a man?"

"You have a lot to learn, Laura. How do you think I was able to purchase
the very land that this school occupies, huh?  Rachel simply
sweet-talked the owner of this particular piece of real estate to part
with it for a paltry sum."

"How'd she do that?" Laura inquired.

"Well, that's what I'd like to teach you over the next three days."
Camilla said as she opened the closet door.

An audible gasp met Jason's ears as he walked out into the classroom.

"What's that?" Laura shouted.

"It's slave Jenny, you arse. Can't you read?" replied a striking blonde
from the back row.

"What's a slave Jenny?" asked Laura.

As Camilla explained Jason's new purpose in life, he scanned the
classroom of fresh young girls. The estrogen overwhelmed him and he felt
weak in the knees. The girls were mostly 18 and 19 year-olds.  They all
wore the same uniform: black, long-sleeved above-the-knee dresses with
white collars and white leather belts, white anklets, and white patent
leather maryjanes.

Jason could see that they also wore white cotton knickers since Laura
rested her feet up on her desk.

The cute blonde from the back interjected, "You mean we get to see how
randy we could make this pervert?  Will we get to wank him off?"

"On his final day with us, yes," Camilla answered

"Lesson one...you can be the most horrible shrew yet still wrap any man
around your pretty little fingers.  Diana, come up here please."

The blonde from the back sashayed to the front of the class.  Camilla
handed her a pair of scissors.

"Cut off his clothes please."

After Diana cut off Jason's shirt, Camilla cuffed his hands together
behind his back.

"What the hell is that thing?" Diana cried as she stared down at the
orgasm inhibitor belt.

"Just something us girls thought up to control men.  In fact, Dr.
Patricia, who gave that lecture here last semester, created it," Camilla
answered.

"Now Diana, what does Jenny's penis say?"

She looked closely at it.  "Useless."

"Now slap him."

"What?"

"Slap him across the face," Camilla repeated.

"Thwack."

"Harder."

"THWACK!"

"Again."

"THWACK!"

"Now what does the penis read?" Camilla asked.

"Lady Mowbray's Joystick," Diana answered.

"Now...what did you just learn?"

"I have no idea," the cute blonde giggled.

Camilla turned to the class.  "Anybody?  Yes, Laura."

"I learned that men actually appreciate an assertive, aggressive
woman, no matter what they may say otherwise," Laura answered with
a generous smile, the teacher's pet apparently.

"Yes...that's definitely part of it, good."

"I bet if I kicked him in the nuts it would make him squirt all over
Laura's fat face," Diana added.

"That's quite enough now young lady, take a seat," Camilla scolded.

The teacher manipulated the controls on the remote, preventing any
release until Thursday, when her students would see a male ejaculate
up close for the first time.

"Ah, Rachel...I'm glad that you could join us," Camilla said. "Our
Jenny here is about to show my girls that it is always proper to allow
the female to climax first."  Camilla turned to her class  "He's going
to make sure all of you are properly sated before recess -- all
eighteen of you."

Jason's eyes nearly popped out of his head.  "ALL EIGHTEEN?" he thought
to himself.

"Does he really enjoy this?" Laura asked.

"I'll just let 'Lady Mowbray's Joystick' answer that for you," Camilla
stated casually.

Jason's gag was removed and he was laid across Camilla's desk.  Rachel
tied his ankles together and asked Camilla, "Can we make that nineteen?"

"Sure, why not?" her lover answered.

Rachel lifted her black micro mini and kicked off her silken knickers.

Jason had admired her as soon as he laid eyes on her and was glad that
she was the first.  Rachel lowered her bottom onto Jason's upturned
face. As she got closer, he noticed a lattice pattern of red stripes
engraved on her fleshy alabaster orbs. He hungrily lapped at her pussy
flesh but was careful to pace himself.  He had the impossible task of
helping 19 women reach orgasm.

While Rachel ground her sopping pink slit into Jason's features, Camilla
bent down to whisper into the slave's ear.  "Don't disappoint us, Jenny.
I can be quite cruel when I'm disappointed.  Just ask Rachel."

After an hour, Jason wasn't even halfway through. But he begged for
water.

"If it's liquid you want, it's liquid you shall receive," Camilla said
as she straddled Jason's head and peed into his mouth.

The other girls who needed a bathroom break followed suit and Jason
consumed, in total, the bladder contents of seven women.

"I need to pee," Jason croaked.

"Oh, really?  Diana, climb on and get your climax while I take care of
this problem," Camilla said.

While the sexy blonde rode Jason's face, Camilla stuck a catheter down
his urethra and attached a plastic tube and a 2 liter bag to it and
hooked it to the handle of the desk drawer.

The pain caused the slave to bite down on Diana's clitoris. Luckily, she
enjoyed it and came violently, flooding his mouth with her pungent
secretions.

Nearly three hours later, Jason's pinioned arms numb, the last of the
girls, Diana's best friend Nina, plopped her fresh young snatch down
onto Jason's sore mouth. He could barely move his tongue but feared
Camilla's wrath.  Nina was a looker and wore her brown hair parted in
the middle and pulled back like Diana.

When Nina quivered and moaned, Jason collapsed.  His ordeal was finally
over. He would have the taste of pussy juice on his tongue for days to
come.

On Thursday, Jason was so horny, he thought he would have a mental
breakdown. The girls teased him to madness over the previous 48 hours
and while he slept (in a cage next to Camilla and Rachel's bed), he
couldn't even experience nocturnal emissions. Dr. Patricia's horrid belt
would sense an impending wet dream and impede it.

"Alright girls, an A plus to whoever can get Jenny to cum using only
their hands," Camilla announced to the class.

Every student eagerly raised their hand but naturally, Laura was the
first to go.  Camilla pressed the 'cont inhib' button on the remote
controller as Laura displayed her technique.  It wasn't a very good one
as she yanked Jason's joystick to and fro as he lay on the desk.

For the next 90 minutes, Jason was brought to tears with unfulfilled
lust as girl after girl was unsuccessful.  The eighteenth and final
contestant was Nina. She fished around in her backpack and produced a
bottle of baby oil.  She squirted some on her hands and first tickled
Jason's balls as she licked his inner ear.  The slave nearly bit his
dildo gag in half as Nina started to sensuously caress his cock slowly.

"You know you want me, Jenny," she said to him with her hot breath
against his cheek.  "You want to be inside me don't you?  This hot rod
would fit into my pussy like a velvet glove.  You'd like that wouldn't
you?" Nina said as she worked faster strokes on Jason's cock.

Camilla had planned to press "GO" and put Jason out of his misery, but
somehow Nina's magic brought forth a spontaneous ejaculation.  Hot jism
spewed out of his penis like a cannon, actually hitting the ceiling.
That's when Camilla realized the batteries were dead.  Shot after shot
of boiling cream spit out of Jason's cock like an angry volcano.  One
stray dollop hit Nina in the eye and she slapped him hard across the
face.

Things finally calmed down just in time.  Susie and Sarah entered the
classroom to bring Jason home.  Without blinking an eye, they clipped
on a leash and the humbler before leading him out to the car.

"Yes, of course.  Alright then.  Yes, Rebecca will be in contact.  Hai.
Sou desu.  Arigatou.  Sayonara, Ayano."  Amanda hung up her telephone
and turned to Brianna.

"That was Ayano Kitayama.  I just closed the deal."

"Oh Amanda," Brianna began, "Are you sure about this?"

"What do you mean, am I sure?"  You're the one who talked me into this,"
Amanda replied tersely.

"I know.  It's just that it seems so...DRASTIC."

"Yes, but you know as well as me that this arrangement, more important
than the money, will spread some serious word of mouth...
internationally.  Our little venture can become more than a hobby for me
and a meal ticket for you.  It can become our legacy."

This Japanese excursion was indeed drastic.  But Brianna talked her
friend and business partner into contacting the renowned Ayano Kitayama
for the strict purpose of making a name for themselves and their new
business partnership.

Ms. Kitayama was the widow of the late real estate developer, Kenji
Kitayama.  He made Ayano a very wealthy woman.  She was in her early
forties, childless, and lived alone in Kyoto with her dogs and her
goldfish.  But she was notoriously known in the city as Ayano "The
Maneater."  She earned this moniker for her habit of picking up male
prostitutes inside hotels and offering them ungodly sums of money to do
some pretty perverted things.  Needless to say, she had no return
customers.

"Did I tell you that Camilla called?" Brianna added.  "She says that the
mother of one of her students offered to buy Jenny from us.  I told her
that he wasn't for sale, just rent.  He IS becoming valuable, isn't he?
Oh, and she says that she wants Jenny back next semester for a full
week.  Matriculation should be doubled by then and Camilla has lots of
ideas fermenting in her brain."

Amanda smiled as she left the kitchen and strolled to Jason's cell for a
heart to heart talk.

"Jenny, sweetie, I want you to listen very carefully."

Amanda sat down on the mattress beside Jason and cradled his head
against her bosom.

"I've done something that will make you hate me," the Marquesa began
while soothingly stroking her slave's hair.  "I've rented you for an
entire month to a Japanese woman.  She'll have you picked up here a week
from Sunday and you'll fly on a private plane.  Doesn't that sound
nice?"

Jason, gagged by that infernal phallus, looked up at Amanda's flushed
visage.  His furrowed brow indicated his concern.

"Anyway, she's paying for all the travel expenses and has offered me a
huge some of money for your services.  Unfortunately, since it's such a
large sum I could not limit Ms. Kitayama...that's her name...I could not
subject her to any conditions nor hold her to any qualifications.
However, I did convince her to provide a collateral payment to guarantee
your safety.  Consider it a security deposit.  If she...how can I put
this? If you don't make it back here...well, I get to keep the
deposit.

Jason started to hyperventilate.

"Sssshhhh...relax sweetie.  I'll see you again.  I promise.  The only
thing is, well, I don't know how important that deposit is to her.  It
may only be a drop in the bucket for someone with her standing.  She may
simply consider it a license to..."

Amanda broke off when she saw Jason start to cry.  She cuddled him and
gently rocked back and forth.  The slave whimpered as his Mistress
hummed a lullaby in his ear.

"I promise to make it up to you when you return," she reassured him.

The next day, Amanda tried to make it business as usual to keep Jason
from thinking too far ahead.  She genuinely cared for him, but knew that
this was an important sacrifice for him to make.

Justine was waiting for the young man in the "games" room.  She was laid
across a padded bench while her wrists were fastened over her head and
secured to an O ring bolted to the floor.  Justine's ankle cuffs were
attached to a ceiling pulley and raised until she was able to see her
toes.  This left her tender pussy wide open and vulnerable to the whims
of the twins.

Susie brought over a basin filled with hot water, a towel, and a can of
shave gel.  Her sister followed behind with a straight-edged razor.
Justine would have screamed in sheer terror if not for the penis gag.

Jason's eyes bugged out of his head when he saw the light bounce off the
dangerous instrument.  He was placed on his knees at the foot of the
bench as Susie began to apply the water and gel to Justine's pubic bush.
She sensuously rubbed it in, even working it along the French girl's
inner thighs as Sarah began playing with her tits -- her own and that of
her female slave's.

When Susie was ready to shave the hair off, she decided to drop her
skirt and knickers and mount Justine's head.  With the gag in place,
there wasn't much breathing room and Jason knew it.  He wanted to
protest for his girlfriend but knew it was futile.  Justine couldn't
protest either because if she knocked Susie off her perch, the hand
holding the blade might slip.

Justine breathed in Susie's natural musk deeply, trying to suck in any
air possible, as the fiery redhead slowly and methodically sliced off
every pubic hair on that French mound.  After every stroke, Susie would
carefully rinse off the razor in the basin between Justine's legs,
always taking a quick peek at Jason who she winked at and smiled for.

"There," Susie declared as she climbed off the bench.  "Clean as a
whistle."

Sarah pushed the basin towards the edge of the bench and removed Jason's
gag.

"Come on lil' doggie.  Have a bowl of vichyssoise," Sarah urged.

"That means cold potato soup you dope!"  Susie ridiculed.

"Okay then...Have some French onion...Have some hot, hairy French soup,
Jenny," Sarah added, as she looked at her sister with anger.

With his hands still shackled behind him, Jason slowly stuck his nose in
the bowl and looked at Sarah.

"Come on.  It may be the closest you'll ever get to that fine French
snatch again," she said.

Jason looked at the soupy mess in front of him.  It was cloudy and
filled with Justine's dark chocolate colored pubes.  He slurped at it
like a dog, coughing occasionally on a hair.  When he hit the bottom of
the basin, Sarah assisted by tilting it.  She finally ordered him to
lick the bottom of the basin dry.

"Look Susie, all gone," she proudly announced as she held up the plastic
bowl for all to see.

Jason licked his lips as he stared at Justine's hairless, pink, and
tender cunt. "Would this indeed be the closest that I ever get to it
again?" he pondered.  He would soon have more serious things to ponder.

D Day finally arrived - "Departure Day."  A limousine waited for Jason
as Ms. Kitayama's personal assistant, Kaori Tahara, introduced herself
to the Marquesa.  She was a recent graduate with an MBA earned in the
United States.

"Konnichiwa, Ms. Tahara.  The twins are on their way down with the
'merchandise.'  I trust you have the contract?"

"Yes.  Ayano has signed it and here is your check."

Amanda looked at the amount and nearly fainted as Jason was led out the
front door and put in the trunk.  The last thing he heard was Sarah
calling out "Don't forget to write!"




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 29: Lady Mowbray


As per instructions, Jason was dressed in a black, full-length, Arab
style dress, complete with a hood. He wore the normal veil, so only his
eyes were showing. Under the robe, his cock was encased in a condom and
strapped tightly to his stomach. He had two straps around the top of
his thighs and his wrist cuffs were padlocked to these. He was fitted
with a rubber ball gag and, as usual, wore his orgasm control belt
around his waist.  Outwardly, he looked like an Arab woman who spoke no
English and who, in any case, was forbidden to talk to strangers.

The limo stopped on the far side of the airfield, close to the private
Lear Jet. The engines were running. A man in a black suit ran from the
aircraft stairs to the car and opened the rear doors. He bowed to Kaori
and opened the trunk. She took Jason by the arm and quickly ushered him
to the steps. She steadied him from behind as he climbed into the
aircraft. The "suit" removed the steps and the pilot closed the door.

Kaori told the pilot that she did not wish to be disturbed until they
arrived in Japan. He turned, closing the cockpit door behind him. Kaori
took Jason to the rear of the aircraft where there were two tier bunk
beds. She reached down to the hem of his robe and in one movement, she
raised it to above his head, removing it completely. She then removed
his veil and stood back to admire his naked body. She put her arms
around him and undid the strap that was crushing his latex-encased
penis to his stomach. Jason looked down at her black hair and smelt her
strange perfume. His semi-erect penis flopped down.

" That's no good. Let me kiss it better."

Kaori took the condom into her mouth. Then she seemed to remember
something and withdrew her mouth. She smiled with appreciation when she
saw he was already fully erect. She picked up her handbag off the lower
bunk and took out his controller, pressing 'cont inhib.' Then she
unrolled the condom off his penis and dropped it in a waste bin.

" I may as well get some benefit from you now. I don't suppose I will
get my hands on you once Ayano gets to work on you."

She slowly undid her business suit jacket, dropping it on the bed. Off
came her white blouse next as she watched Jason's eyes the whole time.

" On your knees, slave."

Kaori held Jason's arms while he knelt. Then she removed his ball gag
and refastened it around his neck. She then removed her skirt and sat
on the edge of the bed with her legs open, showing off her luxurious
silk knickers.

" Come here slave."

Jason wriggled across on his knees, until she took his head in her
hands and pressed his face into her soft, warm bra. He tried to take a
nipple into his mouth through the nylon and was rewarded as it became
hard and erect. She then moved his face to her other breast. When this
nipple too was erect, she pushed his head away and removed her bra.
Jason was fascinated. Her breasts were smaller than the girls he had
been living with. They were a beautiful creamy colour with very dark
nipples and areola. He wished his hands were free.

As though reading his mind, Kaori said "Yes, I wish your hands were
free as well. But I can't take the risk. Ayano would kill me--
eventually."

Jason suddenly remembered the gruesome stories the twins had told him
about the woman who owned him for the next month and the deposit she
had paid in case he didn't return. She let him suckle her nipples for a
while, then stood up. Kaori pulled his face into her silk panties and
let him try to stimulate her vagina through the silk. Then at last, she
slowly pulled them down. She had very little pubic hair, but was not
shaven.

" Come on. I've not had it for a couple of weeks."

Jason knew exactly how she felt and did his best to make sure that at
least one of them was satisfied.

Eventually, Kaori allowed him to climb into the top bunk. Where she
replaced his ball gag and used several long straps to fasten him in to
the bed. Finally she threw a light cellular blanket right over him and
allowed him to sleep.




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 30: slave jason


Jason was awakened when they landed in Tokyo.  They stopped there to
pick up some crates filled with "equipment."  At least that's what Kaori
called it.  But soon they took off again for a short flight to Osaka
International where another chauffeured limo awaited.

It was about a 75 minute ride to Kyoto, where Ayano lived in a mostly
rural area just northeast of the city.  Her house, or one of her houses,
was built perched on a steep hillside that was overrun with pine trees.
The sides of the weaving, stone-paved road that led to the edifice was
charmingly speckled with cherry blossoms.

Ms. Kitayama preferred her Kyoto home to that in Tokyo, a more bustling
city.  But she did enjoy stalking her prey in Tokyo and having them
delivered to the more tranquil city, where "The Maneater" could practice
her perversions in relative peace.

Only 42 years old herself, Ayano married a man thirty years her senior.
They say he died of a heart attack in bed, but the authorities aren't so
sure.

Kaori led Jason into the middle of a small living area located in the
rear of the house.  He needn't worry about ever having to remember to
remove his shoes since he hadn't worn any in months.  He was told to
kneel and the pretty young American-educated lady cuffed his hands
behind him and tightened his ball gag one notch.

"Wait here for Ms. Kitayama.  Don't move an inch," Kaori warned him as
she disappeared.

Jason waited on his knees for literally 2 hours, yet there was no sign
of Ayano or anybody else for that matter.  He was stiff and wanted to
lean back and rest his haunches but knew better.  The twins put wild
ideas into his head.  The slave kept his back straight as a board the
whole time.

Jason finally heard the patter of bare feet come up from behind.  A
small hand grabbed the hair on the back of his head.

"What's this?  Kaori, come here!" Ayano shouted in Japanese.

Jason could still not see her as she stood behind him as his neck was
jerked back.

"Yes madam?" her assistant answered, also in Japanese.  They would
hardly ever use English in front of Jason unless they needed a command
followed.  He only understood a few words here and there.  Thismade him very
nervous.

"Why didn't you shave his head?  You know that I want every single body
hair shaved off all of my slaves before I am introduced."

"I'm sorry madam but I thought you weren't coming back from town until
8pm.  I thought I had time to go out for a bite to eat first," Kaori
answered  breathlessly.

"Do it NOW then."

Ayano let go of Jason's hair as a small clump of it fell to the floor.
He grunted and his nostril's flared.  His new temporary owner walked in
front of him.  Her reputation did nothing to diminish her beauty.  Upon
hearing about her, Jason imagined some ogre, not the sweet petite thing
standing in front of him.  Sure, she wore too much eye shadow.  But
Jason always preferred women with a more natural look.  Still, she took
his breath away as he noticed her flawless complexion, silky black hair
tied back into ponytail by a red silk scarf, and red kimono.  She smiled
at him disarmingly, her white teeth a contrast to her scarlet lip gloss,
and disappeared.

"Okay you," Kaori said in English.  "Time to shave the livestock."

Jason figured that she was going to shave his two day growth of beard.
But when he followed her into the bathroom and saw all the equipment
laid out--electric clippers, scissors, razor, tweezers--he knew trouble
was brewing.

Legs, feet, even toes: they all were shaved clean.  Also depilated were
his armpits, arms, hands, fingers, chest, back, stomach, and crotch.
After shaving him bald, Kaori plucked out all his eyebrow hair.  Jason
was afraid to look in the mirror, but the young girl forced him.  He
looked like an alien, a freak, especially with Amanda's tattoos on his
face and torso.

"A plucked chicken," Kaori called him in English.

He was pushed into the shower where she rinsed off all the clinging hair
scraps.  When Jason dried off, Kaori reapplied the belt on him as well
as his wrist and ankle cuffs, and humbler.  He followed her out to the
same room where he first knelt for two hours.  Ayano was there waiting
for him in a big plush chair with her legs crossed as she smoked a
purple cigarette. Her red kimono rode up a lean smooth thigh and Jason
was impressed by her firm body.  He would later learn that Ayano was a
gymnast in the 1972 Munich Olympics.  In fact, she met her future
husband there. He was a tourist traveling with his first wife, a
Scandinavian model.

Jason didn't notice it the first time, he was too preoccupied, but the
centerpiece of the room was an enormous fishtank filled with a wide
variety of exotic fish.

"Come here," Ayano said in English.  She didn't call him "Jenny."  That
frightened him although he wasn't sure why.

She told him to kneel down by her side, tilt his head back and keep his
mouth open.  Ayano pulled out her newspaper and continued to smoke,
using Jason's mouth as an ashtray.

"Swallow," she commanded and Jason complied.  It wasn't that bad, he
thought.

But it got worse.  When she finished her little purple cigarette, Ayano
warned Jason not to move.  She then ground out the butt, extinguishing
it on Jason's wet tongue.  It hurt--a lot--but the slave kept his
composure and even swallowed the butt on command.

Ayano finished her paper like nothing unusual happened.  She then once
again disappeared, this time for an hour, as Jason stayed put like a
good little slave.

When she finally returned, her demeanor had changed.  It may have been
the walkman clipped to her waist and the headphones perched on her
head, but something definitely put her in a different mood.

An icy chill ran down Jason's spine.




Australian Holiday

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


Chapter 31: slave jason


Ayano tossed the compact disc player and headphones onto her chair. It
was still turned on. Jason could just barely decipher what sounded like
Wagner.

"Cusowatama," she grunted. "Downstairs, to the gymnasium. Now."

Jason rose to his feet and started toward the staircase, bent forward
by the humbler.

"Shimatta...Down on your knees, now and always. Crawl!"

Ayano placed a bare leg in front of the kneeling slave to halt him. She
walked behind him and grabbed the wooden humbler in both of her small
hands. What Ayano lacked in size, she more than made up in strength.
"CRACK!" The little Japanese woman actually tore the humbler from
Jason's testicles, splintering the wood and scattering the screws
across the floor. Jason howled and fell on his stomach. His new
mistress tossed the broken pieces into the trash and kicked him in the
ribs.

"Baka...Go now."

It was difficult for Jason to crawl down the flight of wooden stairs.
His knees were red and started to bleed. It was obvious from Ayano's
figure that she still worked out, and the gymnastic equipment in her
brightly lit gym proved that fact. There were mats on the floor, a
balance beam, a vaulting horse, a pair of uneven bars, and even a
trampoline.

Ayano fitted Jason's mouth with a 3 inch by 3 inch hollow plastic tube
and buckled it tightly around his bald head with the connecting straps.
He could not close his mouth, but would be forced to swallow anything
placed inside.

Jason was directed to stand in front of the uneven bars and spread his
arms as widely as possible. She then told him to grasp the lower bar.
The Asian domme produced a super-sized roll of silver duct tape and
fastened each wrist to the bar. She tightly wound each one with nearly
20 revolutions.

"Now the feet."

Jason looked at her quizzically.

"Bakayaro...Put your feet on the bar in front of you and spread them
wide."

Jason jumped and pulled simultaneously and landed with his heels on the
higher bar. Ayano taped his ankles and he was consequently spread-
eagled in an unbearably uncomfortable position, strung up like a
hammock. He was left like this for several minutes as his new owner
fetched a few items upstairs. She returned with a tray covered by a
towel and placed it on a stool between Jason's legs.

Sweat dripped from his bald head into his gaping mouth. There were no
eyebrows to catch the perspiration and he was forced to swallow it all.
Suddenly, Ayano brought a small dish up to Jason's frightened face and
spoke to him clearly and deliberately.

"Do you recognize this?"

Jason looked over at the white dish. In the middle was a small lump of
green paste. He nodded his head from side to side.

"It's called wasabe. You may have seen it in sushi bars. Think of it as
Japanese horseradish."

Jason didn't like the sound of this and tested his bonds. He wasn't
going anywhere.

Ayano put the plate down and removed the towel from the rest of the
tray. Jason closed his eyelids tightly. He couldn't bear to look at the
instruments of his torture. The domme took two metal hose clamps and
threaded each testicle through them. This was a bit difficult, and
painful to say the least, but Ayano pushed and poked until each teste
popped out the other end of its respective clamp. She tightened one
with the screwdriver and Jason arched his back.

"Warui...Work with me not against me, shithead."

Jason was in unimaginable agony as she tightened the other clamp.
Satisfied, Ayano stroked his cock to a full erection and applied a
third clamp just under his cockhead, and tightened it until his urethra
opening gaped. She took the plate of wasabe and a Q-tip and
purposefully addressed her slave.

"Cusowatama...Shithead, look at me. Listen carefully. What I'm about to
do to you will be more painful than you've ever imagined; more painful
than anything that Aussie woman has ever done to you. Believe me, this
will hurt you more than it does me. Moan and scream and bark all you
want. In fact, I hope you do because I intend to get multiple orgasms
from your suffering tonight. Between your agony and my vibrator, I
think we can make beautiful music together."

As Jason's mind wandered back to his night of intimacy with Lady
Mowbray, Ayano pushed dollop upon dollop of the green paste down his
urethra. As the burning pain increased, the slave tried to concentrate
on more pleasant things, like Amanda's beaming smile or her long legs.
Jason started to quiver, then shake.

"Be still," Ayano warned, slapping him across the belly. "I'm not
through yet."

From the tray, she picked up a needle threaded with a short length of
black thread. Ayano then proceeded to sew Jason's urethra closed,
trapping the wasabe inside. The slave didn't even feel the needle
pierce the head of his cock; the fire caused by the green paste was
that horrible.

The yelps and groans emitted through Jason's tube-gag greatly aroused
the Asian dominatrix. She removed her kimono and, totally nude, turned
on her vibrator and hopped on the trampoline. Ayano lay back and
listened to her captive. To her it was sweet music and her vaginal
nectar flowed freely. With one hand holding the buzzing phallus, she
began to jump on the trampoline.

"Louder!"

Through glazed eyeballs, Jason looked over about fifteen feet to his
left and saw a nude Ayano, masturbating herself and jumping up and down
several feet in the air. He looked at her tight delicious gymnast body
and started to get aroused.

For over an hour, Jason's cockhead cooked and Ayano Kitayama relieved
her pent-up frustrations. When she was finally sated, she picked up her
cellular phone and called Kaori who was still upstairs working on some
business affairs.

"I'm ready," was all she said and hung up the phone.

As much as his penis ached, Jason's limbs felt like they were being
torn from their sockets. He hung limply in his bonds as drool oozed
from the corners of the tube-gag.

"Kaori, you can remove it in the bathroom," the Japanese domme said to
her assistant.

Jason's brown eyes were still blurry, but he barely recognized Kaori
hand something over to her boss. It was the younger woman's used tampon
and Ayano tied a three foot length of thin nylon cord to it while Kaori
dragged a ladder over to the uneven bars.

"Ever hear of tampon fishing, shithead?" Ayano blurted with a giggle.

Kaori climbed the steps of the ladder and grabbed the end of the
fishing line. She gently eased the used tampon into Jason's mouth,
through the tube-gag, until it settled into the back of his throat. The
slave gagged and the tampon retreated. This cycle continued for a good
20 minutes. Every time he gagged, Kaori would pull the tampon back.

"I hope Kaori's menstrual slime doesn't spoil your appetite for
dinner," Ayano blissfully exclaimed.

Ayano sneaked in between Jason's legs and viciously poked at his purple
testicles with the needle. He was too busy gagging to even emote a
muffled scream. It would be a long night for the American slave. His
Asian mistress hadn't even used the pliers or the wrench yet.

A month later, a telegram arrived at Lady Mowbray's manor. Its origin
was Kyoto, Japan.

"I'm too scared," Amanda said. "You read it, Sarah."

The young girl took the message and read it aloud.

Lady Mowbray-
Kaori will arrive with package on fifteenth-
As per agreement, you may keep deposit-
Sincerely-
Ayano Kitayama

"The fifteenth?" Susie exclaimed. "That's today."

"Why does she say that you can keep the money?" Sarah inquired. "Is
Jenny still alive? Are they bringing him back in a body bag?"

Amanda Mowbray was worried.

"Are you crying milady?" the twins said in unison.

The limousine pulled up to the estate as Amanda and the twins waited in
the driveway. Kaori exited as the chauffeur opened the trunk.

"This belongs to you. Ms. Kitayama says that she is sorry," Kaori
stated, holding a gray cardboard shoebox in her hands.

Amanda turned her back and brought her hands up to her face. Sarah
eagerly held out her hand and Kaori gave her the box.

"Oh my god. I can't believe it. Open it Sarah. This is too wild," Susie
squealed.

Sarah slowly removed the lid. The twins eyes lit up. Susie grabbed it
and held it in her hand. It was Jason's orgasm inhibitor.

"Is that all it is?" Susie seemed disappointed.

"It's not necessary anymore," Kaori began. "It can't even give him a
hard-on. It's useless. He's useless. Impotent. Ayano likes 'em randy.
She's sorry that she broke him but figured you would know better how to
dispose of him."

The chauffeur escorted a shaken Jason to the four women. He wore a black
hooded robe and was barely recognizable.

Amanda approached him.

"Jenny? Do you remember me? You're home."

She gave him a deep soul kiss. Then the oddest thing happened. An
erection poked out against the fabric of his robe. He was indeed happy
to see her.

"I want to show you your new living quarters, my dear," Amanda said as
she walked Jason to the guest house. "I've given up half my stock in
you. Well, actually 49%. I still retain majority interest. I want you
to meet your new mistress," she said as she opened the front door.

She just came back from the stable and was sitting on the couch, about
to remove her riding boots. It was Justine. She was smiling.

"Is that how you greet a mistress, Jenny?" Justine asked casually.

Needing no prodding, Jason got down on his knees and licked the dirt
from the sole of Justine's boot.


THE END


All comments are welcome at beck_and_call@hotmail.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  beck_and_call


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





