BDSM Library - The French Kiss




The French Kiss
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two French vixen sisters seduced him and kept him as their little pet. Short story.
The French Kiss

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com




The French Kiss

by

beck_and_call@hotmail.com


It was not my cup of tea, the ballet. But it was my girlfriend Lisa's
birthday and these were the hottest tickets in town. She was grateful
as I accompanied her to the city to see France's leading ballet troupe
perform. It was also the last time that I ever saw Lisa, because from
that night on, my life would be changed forever.

They were sisters, Danielle and Alexandra, twenty-two and twenty years
old, respectively. Danielle was the taller of the two: about 5' 10",
lithe, lean, with graceful hands and long coltish legs. She had
shining dark copper hair pulled back in a knot at the nape of her neck.
Although she was tall and willowy, Danielle possessed rich feminine
curves. There was a proud tilt to her head, as though she had nothing
to thank anyone for. Everything she felt was spoken by the way she
carried herself. I stared at her as she danced, at her shapely legs and
the sway of her hips. Lisa whispered something to me but I could not
concentrate on what she was saying. All I could see was the red hair
and the slim shoulders, and the proud way Danielle moved. She had a
face like a cameo, with creamy white skin, delicate features and huge
green eyes. She was the most beautiful woman that I had ever seen. I
devoured her exquisite form with my hungry eyes, especially savoring
her fine skin. She had flesh that resembled silk, unsullied by human
hands.

Her younger sister made me feel just as weak-kneed. Alexandra similarly
had her shining black hair twisted into a knot. She had the same
graceful hands and long neck, but was 4 inches shorter than her sister.
She walked with a sure step, a long stride, but with a feminine sway to
her hips. Her eyes were also green, but piercing and cat like, whereas
Danielle's were more vibrant and inviting.

After the ballet, Lisa and I stayed overnight in the city at a fine
hotel. It was her twenty-fifth birthday and I thought that this would
be an elegant finale to her gift. At only twenty-seven myself, my
future was secure since I just took over my father's plumbing supply
business. He retired to Florida just last spring.

The evening was progressing splendidly as Lisa and I sipped Dom
Perignon in the bathtub. After we made love, I put on a robe and went
into the hall looking for fresh ice to put the leftover champagne in.
That is when I noticed Danielle and Alexandra enter their room. I was
flabbergasted. The same hotel, the same floor, and just five doors down
from me and Lisa! Their hair fell loosely now, down the middle of their
pale backs. At the ballet, the two women looked severe with their tight
gleaming hair. But for some reason, they looked crueler now with their
soft tresses cascading down over ivory shoulders. Danielle's auburn
locks and Alexandra's raven sheets contrasted exquisitely with their
delicate porcelain foreheads.

They wore identical pale pink lip gloss and nail polish and I thought I
would faint from the sheer impact of being so near to their bodies, to
say nothing of their delicate, feminine, perfumed scent. The sisters'
skin was so creamy-looking that I wanted desperately to reach out and
touch their bare arms. They wore form-fitting evening gowns and
delicious spiky pumps. Danielle's were electric blue and Alexandra's
were cherry red. The two she-devils caught me staring at them as they
fumbled for their key.

In a gentle husky voice, Alexandra said to me, "Pourquoi vous me
poursuiez?"

Embarrassed, I looked away and continue walking. But from behind I
caught Danielle whispering "Le courage lui manque."

Her sister added, "Bien sur!"

I did not understand them but still I froze in my tracks. I turned
towards them and they viciously shouted at me.

"Merde!"

I was taken aback but didn't move. Danielle opened the door to the room
and waved me in. In a husky French accent, Alexandra addressed me right
to my face.

"Well? Move, you stupid idiot!"

With my head down, my bare feet, padded across the carpet as my nude
body tensed up behind my white terrycloth robe.

Each sister grabbed an earful and pulled me into the spacious bathroom
viciously ripping my robe away. I was mortified but acquiesced to my
captors' demands as I was in their thrall.

Alexandra brought in a metal box with her and produced some heavy duty
cord as I was pushed down to my knees and forced to keep my head down.
As Alexandra tied my hands tightly and unmercifully behind my back,
Danielle explained to me, in broken English but with a lilting and
seductive French accent, what lay ahead for the three of us. From wrist
to elbow, my skin was tightly compressed together, bending my shoulders
painfully back.

"We saw you at the theater tonight, my pet. My sister and I have
decided to adopt you. We have typed a 'Dear John' letter to your
girlfriend. What room is she in?"

My mind was racing but a stinging slap cleared my head.

"Room 3117," I told them.

Alexandra left to deliver the letter underneath the door of Lisa's
room. When she returned, I was face down on the cold tile floor with my
elbows pinned excruciatingly back. Danielle lifted her right leg which
was fully exposed due to the dress's hip-high slit. She placed a blue
pump on the small of my back and her strong leg with its soft creamy
skin encased in sheer black nylon pressed down viciously. The tip of
the sharp silver spike heel dug deeply and drew blood. I made a
pathetically whimpered and cried "NNNOO!"

That really made Alexandra seethe. She was quite high strung quite
unlike her serene and controlled sister. The brunette reached
underneath her red dress and pulled off her white satin panties which
were drenched in blood. Danielle giggled as her younger sister pulled
out her tampon and shoved it in my dry mouth followed by the panties
and finally sealed it off with duct tape from the metal box. More nylon
cord wrapped my ankles together, digging deeply into the flesh.
Finally, my ankles were tied to my elbows, bowing my shoulders even
more and unnaturally arching my back. My two evil tormentresses circled
me like two diners hovering over a trussed and stuffed Thanksgiving
turkey.

From her metal box, Alexandra produced dog choke collar and a regular
leather collar. With the leather collar tightly in place, Danielle
clipped one end of the choke collar to it and placed the looped end
down around my fear tightened testicles which Alexandra had pulled back
through my legs. After cinching it tight, she removed the slack as
Alexandra pulled my head back by my hair. The dark-haired vixen
released her grip as the weight of my head sprung forward bringing my
poor testicles along with it. The women laughed at their handiwork,
shut the light and closed the door to let me contemplate my fate.

For two hours I sweated and swallowed Alexandra's menstrual flow, while
my hands, feet and testicles turned blue. Bright light stung my eyes as
the shrew sisters returned. They were drunk, having spent the last two
hours at the hotel bar. Alexandra stepped over me to use the toilet. As
she relieved herself, my bladder suddenly felt full, having consumed a
bottle of champagne two and a half hours before. She gleefully prodded
my bound testicles with first the toe of her red leather pumps and then
with the sharp gold metal heel, scratching them horizontally,
vertically, and diagonally. Paradoxically, she then tried to soothe
them by slipping off her shoes and rubbing her warm moist toes over
them.

My penis, which was trapped between my belly and the cold tile floor,
tightened. Alexandra flushed the toilet and stepped back over my
immobile and hogtied form to rejoin her sister in the bedroom. After
Danielle used the toilet, she took off her shoes and put them on my
back between my shoulder blades. She also picked up her sister's shoes
and did the same, but before she left, she ground them into my flesh,
and wrapped some more nylon cord around my chest and back to keep the
pumps tightly in place, compressed into my helpless body like four
sharp knives. I was left wallowing in darkness for another hour as the
vamps slept peacefully until they sobered up.

Alexandra entered first, smiling mischievously. From the metal box on
the counter, she produced a sheet of sandpaper and teasingly waved it
under my nose until she received the appropriate response: wide eyed
terror. My raven Mistress went behind me and started to sand my poor
balls. I had to stay perfectly still otherwise I'd pull my testicles
off via the choke collar which was quite effective. After thoroughly
removing any dead skin (or any other skin for that matter, it seemed),
Alexandra solemnly announced that it was time for my first "French
kiss". I was dazed and confused but had no choice but to take it like a
man. Danielle joined us in the bathroom and had with her a giant candle
which was already burning, and two long slim leather cases. Alexandra
took one and opened it, removing a long iron prod with a very small
design on its tip. She brought it closer to me until I realized that it
was a branding iron with a scripted "A" in front of a simply designed
butterfly. Danielle's iron had a sharp, slim "D" against a background
of a pair of puckered lips. The two sisters heated their irons above
the huge candle as I shivered at their feet. First, Alexandra knelt
down to give me a "French kiss". She applied firm, steady pressure to
my left testicle as I dared not move. Perspiration burned my eyes as I
bit down on Alexandra's satin panties. Danielle quickly poured
something cool over my scrotum, but that burned just as badly. Allowing
several minutes for it to dry, the auburn-tressed beauty took her turn
and put her mark on my right testicle. Again, a cool, wet burning
sensation enveloped my scrotal sac. I cried real tears for the next
twenty minutes. The two sly sisters didn't even close the light nor the
door this time. They enjoyed hearing my sobs.

Just then, there was a knock on the door. It surprised all three of us
since it was 3:30 am. Whoever it was, Alexandra invited in. To my utter
horror and shame it was Lisa. She must have just awakened and found the
letter. But apparently it was more than just a "Dear John" letter
because Lisa knew exactly where I was. It must have been some
provocative letter because Lisa stormed into the bathroom, crouched
down, bore a hole right through me with her cold brown eyes, and
viciously slapped me across the cheek triggering an ugly red welt. She
pushed her brown hair away from her eyes before she spit hot and wet
into my eye. It dripped down heavily over my lips and down my chin.
Lisa bared her teeth (I thought she might bite me) and hissed.

"I hope you burn in hell, you fucking bastard!"

Of course I was confused, but could not say a word because of the
tampon and panty gag. As Lisa marched out to smiles of appreciation, I
realized that the two beauties had concocted a different kind of
letter, one so incriminating and insinuating that they probably knew
English better than they let on.

Danielle and Alexandra had to perform here in the city for two more
weeks. I was their prisoner the entire time, never allowed to set foot
outside the bathroom. Lisa had thrown all my clothes onto the floor in
front of the sisters' hotel room door. I had $300 in my pants pocket
which Danielle gave to the chambermaid to look the other way. I spent
most of the ensuing fourteen days hogtied and at the mercy of my two
insolent French captors. They fed me French bread soaked in their urine
and leftovers which I had to lick up off the floor. I was untied only
to relieve myself and to do some stretching exercises. The night before
the sisters had to leave for Boston, they decided to celebrate my two
week anniversary. The choke collar was reapplied to my already healed
testes and Alexandra took out her oversized pink candle. With scornful
smirks, the sisters took turns dripping scalding pink wax over my
bound, branded balls. Like before, if I even merely winced, I'd
castrate myself with the ckoke collar. When my sac was completely
coated with a thick layer of hot pink wax, Danielle pushed the base of
a smaller pink candle down into the center until it stood alone and
upright.

I lay there hogtied with a short candle burning down closer to my
manhood for twenty minutes, until the flame finally burned out in a
puddle of wax. The entire time, Danielle and Alexandra took a bath
together right in front of my forcibly upturned face. They rinsed each
other's lustrous hair, washed each other's curved pale backs, and
soaped up each other's creamy rumps until they finally settled down
into the tub to watch me suffer. Occasionally, they would exchange
soft, tender kisses, glaring at me mockingly all the while. My trapped
penis could only helplessly tighten in salute to their beauty. My last
orgasm came that final night with Lisa so I was hornier than I'd ever
been in my life. As the wax cooled, the French vixens swung their long
ivory legs over the wall of the tub and wiggled their young, wet,
impudent toes at me as they giggled like schoolgirls. Real tears came
streaming down my face as the sisters whispered something into each
other's ears. Danielle finally made an announcement.

"My pet... Alexandra and I will be touring the States and then Japan
and finally Europe for the next fourteen months. We have decided to
take you with us as our servant. It will have to be a secret of course.
My sister and I will put all of our clothes into my trunk and you shall
travel in her trunk. Don't worry, we'll have the bellhop puncture
several holes in it for ventilation."

Just then, Alexandra chimed in.

"I can't wait until we hit Italy so you'll get to meet our younger
sister, Katrina. She's going to boarding school there and will love to
meet you, Only eighteen years old and so much to learn."

They rose from the tub and slowly dried each other off and combed one
another's long shiny hair. Danielle applied coral lip gloss as
Alexandra painted on a saucy cerise color. The two young women then
applied matching nail polish when an idea hit Danielle while she stood
astride me.

"Let's have our pet here put on our toenail polish," she announced.

When Alexandra attempted to untie my tightly bound hands, Danielle
stopped her.

"No, no... We'll put the brush in its mouth!"

This greatly pleased her sister who, with catlike grace, dipped the
tiny brush into the cerise polish, put the other end into my mouth, and
sat on the toilet. She extended a slim feline leg out to my upturned
face and waited. But I could do nothing. The
neck-to-scrotum choking apparatus prevented me from moving my head up
and down or side to side. Alexandra angrily slapped me with a feminine
claw but Danielle understood the situation and released the choke
collar from my abused testicles.

After a half hour, fumes from the coral and cerise polish scrambled my
senses. That's when the two witches decided to bring me back to
reality. Back went the choke collar and off came the candle wax.
Alexandra used a butter knife to scrape it off. Danielle ordered tea
and honey from room service as Alexandra made a quick trip to the
garden at the front of the hotel with a Styrofoam cup.

While Danielle applied the honey thickly to my shiny stretched scrotal
sac, Alexandra gagged me with a pair of her used stockings and duct
tape. The Styrofoam cup was then held before my misty eyes. It must
have contained about a hundred red ants: the nasty kind that bite. The
women laughed, not a girlish mischievous giggle, but a deep throaty
laugh. It sounded sexual and lethal and burned my ears.

Danielle, placed the cup on its side between my legs, shut the light
and left the room with her sister who suggested celebrating their final
night in the city with a sumptuous dinner. They returned at about
midnight, their drunken laughter could be heard from the hall. What
they saw when the lights were turned on was beyond belief and something
they will never forget. Ants were all over my body... in my ears, nose,
hair, eyelids. The honey on my testicles was more or less off (eaten
toexact). The skin of my branded balls was red, swollen, pimply, and
throbbing. My neck muscles were beyond cramped or numb, but I refused
to pass out. I was proud of this fact and my captors respected me for
that. At least, that's what I felt at the time. Of course, they didn't
tell me this but instead mockingly put on their boombox stereo and
danced around my hogtied body. The song was Queen's "Another One Bites
the Dust."

They finally untied my wrist, forearms and elbows, and removed the
choke collar. With my ankles still bound, they retied my wrists above
my head and placed an Ant & Roach Motel in the corner of the bathroom,
shut the lights and closed the door.

The next morning, most of the ants were in the trap. Alexandra somehow
removed the rest from my body and elsewhere. She hand fed me orange
juice, and egg and a piece of French bread saturated in her fresh,
warm, morning urine. While Danielle packed her trunk, Alexandra
escorted me into hers and padlocked the door after gagging me with a
pair of Danielle's panties (pink and fragrant) and tying my wrists
behind my back and my ankles together.

The ballet troupe chartered a bus to Boston and I was loaded onto it
with the other trunks and suitcase. With the lovely Danielle's musky
feminine taste on my tongue, I drifted off to steep, wondering what lie
ahead in Boston, and finally Italy, where Katrina awaited. But I had
over a year to wait before I could salaciously lay my eyes on the
eighteen year old in person. Until then, Danielle pasted an 8" by 10"
picture of her youngest sister onto the inner wall of the trunk for me
to gaze at in my many hours of solitude. It was illuminated by a series
of battery operated lights to keep it illuminated at all times for me
to worship. Strawberry blonde straight hair, with bangs setting off an
angelic, finely sculptured face, skin of alabaster, ice cold steel blue
eyes, and smooth, glossy, pouty pink lips. Katrina had an innocent
splash of freckles across the bridge of her patrician nose. Lying
against her young fleshy bosom was a pendant with a small "K" in the
center. I could only wonder in pathetic frustration where my next
"French kiss" would be applied.

When we arrived at our next destination, Boston, I was promptly herded
into a hotel room closet. My new home for the next fourteen months
would be that cramped trunk and hotel bathrooms. It was there in Boston
that I was introduced to the best friends of the Fallon sisters, my two
captors. They were roommates and happen to be the two youngest and
tiniest ballerinas in the touring company. Both age nineteen, Ariel
Rousselot stood at just 4'11" tall and Juliet Huppert was barely an
inch taller. Both weighed hardly more than a petite ninety pounds.
Ariel had platinum blond hair and violet eyes while Juliet had chestnut
hair and the black eyes of a man-eating shark. Both had a fairly flat
chest and smallish but firm round buttocks. Danielle explained to me
that they were both virgins and wanted to break me.

I was trussed into my usual hogtie but with a major modification: a
spreader bar was attached between two knee cuffs separating them about
three feet from each other. This provided easy access to my rear end.
The two little ones pranced into the bathroom and girlishly giggled at
my sorry predicament. Ariel held out her arm and announced, "Well,
let's do him."

Alexandra squirted about a half bottle of baby oil on Ariel's arm, from
her expertly manicured glossy pale pink fingernails to her soft elbows.
It was quite an erotic sight, her dainty hands and milky arms must have
been one half the size of my own. I shuddered as Alexandra emptied the
oil onto the direction of my tight anus. Luckily, Ariel went easy on me
and her fingernails were not as long or sharp as those of the Fallon
sisters. One finger at a time entered my puckered and quivering rosebud
until her entire fist invaded my rectum. My sphincter ring opened and
surrendered to her until it swallowed her entire forearm up to the
elbow. I felt so full I thought I tasted Ariel's fingertips on my
tongue. But my taste buds would soon get their own special treat. While
Ariel got intimate with me she used her free hand to scratch my
tethered balls and raise their temperature. She lightly stroked each of
them with her soft warm fingertips and blew on them with hot breath. My
trapped penis stiffened but, without friction, I was powerless to
orgasm on my own.

As Ariel hummed Madonna's "Like a Virgin", my attention soon turned to
Juliet who slipped off her black leather ankle boots and peeled off her
painted on blue denim jeans. Off came her lemon yellow cotton socks as
Ms. Huppert extended her lovely right foot to my nervous face.
Balancing herself on the counter top, Juliet's coy, impertinent toes
roughly assaulted my visage. The hot pink painted digits plugged my
nostrils, poked my eyes, and scratched my forehead, until they finally
settle on my dry lips. As my eyes drank in the beauty of her well
formed porcelain ankles and my nose drank in their perfumed scent, my
oral cavity swallowed her dainty size four pad. The womanly
perspiration of her soles slid across my servile tongue as I swallowed
Juliet's foot whole, down to the ankle.

With a fist up my ass and a foot down my throat, the Fallon sisters
kneeled down on each side of my hogtied body and wetly stuck their pink
tongues down each ear canal. My penis once again tightened and I tried
to rock back and forth but, of course, the choke collar prevented this
and I remained insatiable. I moaned with the pathetic need of wanton
lust and wildly angered Alexandra. She poked two fingers up my
nostrils, nearly suffocating me. Relenting, she whispered in my ear
that I had better control my base instinct or she would take a pair of
poultry shears and solve my problem for me. Danielle then informed me
that during my thralldom, I would be forbidden to ever orgasm. Any
ejaculation on my part would result in punishment that would make the
Inquisition look like a day in the country.

The Fallon sisters were well-schooled, I would soon learn, in the art
of medieval torture. The sisters then scratched the soles of my
upturned feet and left four nasty, red marks on each foot before
finally planting a wet kiss on each one. Danielle's coral print dried
on my left foot while Alexandra's cerise print dried on the right.
Juliet sat herself down in front of me, grabbed a handful of hair in
each hand and started to rut my mouth with her foot. Ariel joined in as
she fucked my asshole with her forearm, pulling out to the wrist, and
then plunging down to the elbow. This went on for fifteen minutes until
I was ordered to lick Ms. Rousselot's arm clean. My gaping, distended
asshole dripped uncontrollably for days afterward. Juliet thanked me
for my ministrations by kissing me on my imprisoned testicles and
grabbing a stray hair between her white teeth and pulling it out
painfully. My reaction prompted the other three vixens to choose a
scrotal hair and pull it out also. They scornfully spit them out in my
face, and let their hot feminine saliva drip down my face onto my upper
lip. I quickly lapped it up since I was neither fed nor watered yet
that day.

We were in Boston for only several hours but I was well on my way in
learning the routine for the next fourteen months at the hands of these
four shrews. I wondered how many ballerinas would "French kiss" me
before I would receive that ultimate sacrifice at the hands of my
beloved Katrina Fallon.


THE END


All comments are welcome at beck_and_call@hotmail.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  beck_and_call


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





