BDSM Library - Dealing Nikki




Dealing Nikki
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Young aspiring actress gets in over her head and pays the consequences.
Dealing Nikki by Leones




Dealing Nikki-1

Stunning, simply stunning was the best way to describe Nikki. Blonde, beautiful
and nineteen years old, Nikki Page aspired to be an actress, had this dream ever
since she was a very young girl growing up in some hick town somewhere in the
midwest.

Although she has never acted in a movie or in  fact has never even auditioned
for a part, Nikki has made her mark in Hollywood, since that day two years when
she stepped off that bus in the Los Angeles terminal.

Blondes with blue eyes and tan bodies are like magnates in L.A. The pussy hounds
come sniffing in a hurry. Within a week, she had infiltrated the in-crowd, the
movers. so to speak. She could hardly believe it when she was invited to a party
at the world famous mansion but there she was strutting her best stuff on the
dance floor, her micro-mini skirt and high heel pumps accentuating her killer
legs to their best advantage. It was indeed the long stemmed beauties that
caught old Hugh's eye.

The rest is history, Nikki Page's shapely legs as well as her other charming
attributes were ogled  by millions of horny men when she appeared as Playboy's
Ms. July 1999. As predicted by the Insider newsletter she was also selected as
Playmate of the year for 1999.

It was at the awards dinner that she met Johnny Ricco. Unbeknownst to Nikki, at
the time, Johnny was a high ranking member of the family, envolved in extortion,
gambling, drugs and just bout any other vice you could think of. All she knew
was that he was handsome, charming and presumingly part of the Hollywood scene.

Nikki was one of eight, five females and three males that went to Johnny's home
for night caps after the awards dinner. As it turned out, his home was a
spectacular Bel-Air mansion that did indeed dazzle the impressionable young
blonde.

Nikki was pretty dazzling herself, wearing a black, low cut evening gown wirh
slits well up to her thighs on both sides. She looked hot and was not usually
shy about showing off her wares but Benny was making her nervous, especially now
that Johnny had left the room. Benny was a small weasel like character, that for
some reason Johnny kept around. He made no attempt to conceal the focus of his
lust filled eyes.

Nikki had no way of knowing this but Benny sure did. Johnny treated women pretty
much like property and even shared them with his subordinates on occasion. He
seldom saw a women over one or two times.

Armed with this thought and driven by the sight of Nikki's bare flesh, he
decided to take the chance. The front of his troused bulged obscenely as he
paced across the room. Without fanfare, he place the palm of his hand on Nikki's
right buttocks and whispered in her ear.

"How about you and me honey?" "Lets go in the bedroom, I've got something I want
to show you."

Almost simultaneously, Nikki threw her drink in his face and brought her right
foot up, kicking him viciously in the balls.

Benny dropped like a Mack truck had just hit him, writhing in pain, on the
floor, holding his damaged manhood in both hands. Johnny stood over the groaning
man, laughing at his pain and embarrassment.

After a time, Benny finally struggled unsteadily to his feet, stepping
menacingly towards the young blonde. Johnny stopped him, placing his hand
against Benny's chest. Benny knew better than to challenge the man, especially
in his present condition. He glared at Nikki. his steely-grey eyes now filled
with hatred.

"Some day I'm going to fuck your brains out, you just wait and see."

Nikki smirked. "In your dreams, you little weasel."

Johnny put his arms around the young blonde, embracing her. "I love your style."

That was a year ago, the beginning of Johnny Ricco's longest relationship.
During that time, Nikki of course learned of Johnny's business ventures, even
becoming envolved and eventually giving up the notion of acting.





Dealing Nikki-2

A frustrated Johnny stood in front the expansive wall mirror futilely attempting
to tie a windsor knot in his necktie. Niki came to his rescue. Approaching him
from behind, she put her arms lovingly around his neck and expertly completed
the elusive windsor.

Johnny looked at her face in the mirror, feeling her ample breasts pushing
softly against his back. He marveled at Nikki's thick, fully developed lips.
They reminded him of Kim Bassinger. Johnny broke the moment of silence.

"This is a big night for the west coast family." "If we can corner the Chinese
drug market, it can mean a billion dollars a year to us."

Nikki aknowledged him. "I know but it's really strange that their sending a
nineteen year old girl to negotiate."

Johnny shook his head. "I know, thats what I thought at first but evidently her
aging father is a top respected warlord or something like that." "He is eighty
years old, had his daughter very late in life and has raised and tutored her for
this highly respected position."

"Well it dosn't matter to me one way or the other as long as we close the deal,"
Nikki responded. "By the way, am I alright in these faded jeans and T-shirt?"

You look great honey, I just thought I'd wear a tie for the occasion." 

Six persons attended the meeting. Johnny, Benny and Nikki sat on one side of the
large oakwood table. On the other side was the nineteen year old Judi Lee and
her two male subordinates, both of Chinese descent.

Judi Lee only stood about five feet tall but her demeanor stood about ten feet
tall. While appearing to have smallish breasts, typical of the orientals, made
even more obvious when compared to Nikki's large knockers, she was still sultry
loking and indeed very attractive,

A lavish lunch was enjoyed by all as they negotiated first one point and then
another,  attempting to iron out their differences and to work out all of the
details.

During one of the lulls, Benny leaned over to Johnny and whispered.

"I think Ms. Lee is pretty hot." "What do you think?"

Nikki overheard the remark and couldn't resist the temptation but spoke louder
than she had intended.

"Yeh, if you like tittless wonders."

Everyone stopped talkng and eating at the same time, creating an uneasy silence.
The young oriental stared at Nikki for a long while. It unnerved Nikki that she
could not read the young girls expression. Finally, Judi Lee smiled but only
slightly and then turned to Johnny.

"Mr. Ricco, we have heard your porposal, now my associates and I must converse
in private before making our decision."

Johnny opened a door for them and invited them to use the adjoining room.  

In about ten minutes the threesome returned and took their seats across from
Johnny, Nikke and Benny.





Dealing Nikki-3

Judi Lee's face was expressionless, her dark, almond shaped eyes only making
contact with Johnny. She was silent for several moments before speaking but when
she did, her voice rang with authority and finality.

"As you Americans say Mr. Ricco, I will not beat around the bush." "I will tell
your our terms once and only once, there will be no haggling. should you not
except, we will merely take our business elsewhere."

Johnny tried to remain cool, not to lose his composure but he knew full well
that this young Chinese girl held virtually all of the cards. She could take
their business to a dozen or more places but there was only one substantial
source for drugs coming out of China and they were it. 

Johnny spoke, his voice raspy and nervous. "Ok Ms. Lee, let's have it." 

Judi spoke slow and deliberate, aiming her words directly to Johnny. "We accept
your offer on price and method of payment." "We also accept your time schedule
for deliveries."

Johnny released a sigh of relief, feeling much more confident now. "Well, Ms.
Lee, then it's done, that's all there is."

A sardonic smiled formed on the young oriental's lips. "Hold on Mr. Ricco, there
is just one more smalll detail that we must discuss before finalizing our
agreement."

Johnny's face was quizzical, as was Nikki's and Benny's. Their expressiona
quicky turned to shock and surprise as Judi continued speaking.

"The charming Ms. Page must be thrown into the mix, to be exact we want to
purchase her."

Johnny was caught completely off guard, unable to utter a sound, Nikki now
clutching tenaciously and protectively to his arm.

Nikki broke the silence, fairly screaming at the Chinese girl. "Your crazy, you
can't buy me, that's slavery."

Judi Lee was amused by Nikki's rantings. "Precisely Ms. Page, precisely, you
will make the perfect gift for my fathers eightieth birthday."

Johnny was still silent but his mind was working overtime. God, a billion
dollars a year he was thinking to himself.

Showing her impatience, the Chinese girl motioned to her associates. "Come,
we're leaving."

Johnny panicked, knowing she wasn't bluffing. He stood up. "DEAL."

Nikki just about had her hand on the doorknob when the two Chinese men caught up
to her. She managed one short scream of protest before a hand was slapped across
her mouth. The men worked like a precisioned team, obviously not new to the
situation. The man with his hand across her mouth, also held both of her wrists
high up between her shoulder blades while the other man systematically stripped
her of her clothing. Obviously in great pain the gorgeous young blonde could
offer little resistance.








Dealing Nikki-4

Using a small, sharp knife, the man standing in front of her cut Nikki's t-shirt
up the front, then at the sleeves and then jerked it ruthlessly from her body.
Three simple snips and her pink, lace trimmed brassiere fell to the floor,
leaving Nikki nude from the waist up, her centerfold melons now on display for
all to see. The position of her arms forced them to jut into prominence,
straining upwards, high on her heaving chest.

The man stooped down and removed Nikki's Reeboks, not bothering to unlace them.
He then unbuttoned her jeans at the crotch, revealing a hint of the matching
pink panties she wore underneath. The oriental tugged hard at the tight fitting,
faded blue jeans, forcing them over the blonde's curvacious hips, removing both
the jeans and panties with one full swoop. Nikki stood in all her naked
splendor, her deeply bronzed body emphasized by her barely visible tan lines.
Her eye lashes fluttered in rapid motion, her eyeballs rolling to the white and
the young, terrified blonde fell limp, hanging lifelessly in the arms of her
captor.

Johnny showed no signs of remorse or compassion. "You can take her all the way
down the hall to the master bedroom."

Nikki presented a magnificient array of female flesh, appearing to be all legs,
tits and ass as the two orientals carried her by the feet and shoulders.  

Nikki was awakened by voices, that of a man and a woman. She tried to move but
was unable, in fact she felt very awkward in her fruitless attempt. Then she was
fully awake, her eyes popping open in panic alarm. She was on the bed in the
master bedroom, the very same bed that she and Johnny had had so many romantic
and lust-filled nights of passion. Only the circumstances were much different
now. Beautiful, beautiful Nikki, with the great legs. Instead of proud, arrogant
and untouchable, she was obscenely splayed and offered up like a whore off of
Sunset Blvd. She was on her back, her wrists stretched wide and tied with nylon
rope to opposite bedposts. Her legs had been lifted and brought back over her
head and each ankle tied to the same bedposts as her wrists, leaving her
womanhood vulnerable and unprotected. Her panties had been wadded, stuffed into
her mouth and secured in place by one of her own scarfs. 

Nikki looked up between the vee of her own outstretched legs into the mocking
face of Judi Lee. The young oriental casually ran her fingers through the wisps
of blonde down surrounding Nikki's slightly parted slit.

"Very good, Ms. Page, I was hoping you were natural." "My father will be
pleased."

Judi continued speaking to the hapless blonde, taking pleasure from the young
girls plight.

"It seems that you and Benny have a little unfinished business to attend to and
being the romantic that I am, who am I to stand in the way of a lovers quarrel?"
"Something about a kick in the balls and a promise to fuck your brains out?"

Nikki squirmed the best she could. "Mmmmmmpppphhh." "Mmmmmpppphhhh."

Judi laughed out loud at Nikki"s unintelligible spewings and turned towards
Benny.

"Ok, big fella, she's all yours for three hours and then we are going to prepare
her for her trip to mainland China."

Judi left the room. "Alright you two lovebirds, have fun."





Dealing Nikki-5

Benny wasted no time in shucking his clothes. Now nude, his twanger semi-erect,
he stood triumphantly over the humiliated blonde.

"How the mighty have fallen, the former Ms. Playmate of the year is now Ms.
Plaything of the year."

He could easily read the look of disgust and revulsion covering her disbelieving
face.

"Think your better than me, don't you?" "Think I'm not good enough to fuck you?"
"Well, I'm going to fuck that look right off your face, Ms. July 1999."

Benny had never seen anything so beautiful....or vulnerable in his whole life.
The fig of her slit looked like an open wound. He had obsessed over Nikki for
two long years, now she was his, completely at his disposal. He took his time,
appraising the former playmate's most intimate charms before proceeding.

He inserted his index finger into the nook of her lewdly gaping vagina. Nikki
emitted garbled protests through her gag.

"Still in denial, huh baby?" "Don't think this is really happening to you, do
you?"

He probed her love channel with the entire length of his finger, delving into
and testing the soft inner tissues of her passageway, her protests now sobs of
despair. Benny was reveling in  Nikki's misery, she had never hidden her disdain
for him and had only tolerated him because of Johnny.

"Baby, don't cry, just kind of pretend that I'm your new gynogolgist." Benny
chuckled at his own funny remark.

Benny looked into Nikki's now sullen eyes, her eye lashes were saturated with
tears, a mixture of eyeliner and mascara running unheeded down the sides of her
face.

"Not so much in denial anymore, are we cunt?'

Benny reached down and untied the scarf and removed the panties from Nikki's
mouth.

"When you put these pretty panties on this morning, I'll bet you didn't think
they would end up in your mouth."

Nikki was no dummy and knew she had to handle this situation with kid gloves if
she was to escape being a sex-toy for an eighty year old Chinaman.

"Benny, I know you've got me, I mean you've  got me really good, you can do with
me as you please."

These words from the untouchable Nikki Page sent blood coursing through the
veins of his penis and gorging it's throbbing bulb.

"Think about this Benny, wouldn't it be nice to just set back and relax and let
the Playmate of the year make you feel good....feel good all over?" "How many
men would kill for that?" "Look at what I have to work with Benny, just look at
my legs, they're gorgeous, you know they are." "i could squeeze them around you
while you fuck me." "What do say Benny?"    Benny laughed out loud.

"What I'd say is that I'm getting sucked in by a centerfold model. "No academy
award for you Nikki, no surprise you didn't make it to the big screen."





Dealing Nikki-6

Nikki was nearly frantic.

"For god sakes Benny, untie me....please don't let them do this to me...we can
run away together...I'll stay with you always...forever...I'll be good to
you....trust me...I really will."

Benny was grinning. "And why Nikki, because I'm so handsome?"

The blonde hesitated. "No Benny, because I will be so grateful." "But whats the
difference?" "Either way, your still fucking a centerfold model every
night...err.....or being sucked off by one or whatever else you want...I will do
anything you ask...anything Benny ...think about it."

Benny gave her a ray of hope.

"I'll think it over but I need a good fuck before I can decide, you think you
can do that for me?"   The beautiful young blonde's pulse was racing a mile a
minute.

"Yeh Benny, yeh, but shouldn't we get out of here while we still have time?"

Benny assured the frightened girl that they had plenty of time. "You just follow
directions and you may just get out of here." "Now open your your mouth."

Without question, Nikki obediently opened her mouth. Benny inserted the saliva
drenched panties back in her mouth, pushing them deeper than neccessary, causing
Nikki's throat to gag and retch from the unwanted intrusion. He spoke to her as
he tied the retaining scarf at the back of her neck.

"Such a fuss over a pair of panties, what are you going to do when your deep
throating me?"

He once again marveled at the glorious sight before him, Nikki Page's perfect.
unattainable snatch, layed out like a piece of raw meat. He moved the head of
his dick up and down the outer folds of her sex, moistening the lips with
premature ejaculation. Benny could see Nikki's eyes, shut tight. He ordered her
to open them and when she did, he rammed the full length of his rod into the
depths of her arid inner sheath. She groaned, making low, throaty, gutteral
sounds into her gag.

As instructed, Nikki's eyes remained open during her entire rape. Benny pumped
her with relentless, piston like motions, his gloating eyes never leaving hers.

"Remember what I promised Nikki?" "I'm going to fuck your brains out and if you
know what's good for you, you won't forget it."

With his words, tears welled in her eyes, her titties moved rapidly up and down
as she fought to hold back her sobbing.

Benny,s pent up lust was boiling now, pain shooting through his aching testicles
each time they slapped against Nikki's tight, one in a million ass. But it was a
good pain, one that Benny wanted to last forever. But that was not to be. With
the extended enjoyment of the impending explosion, Benny knew damn well that it
was the best fuck of his life. Maybe it was the fact that Nikki was a world
class beauty, maybe it was the revenge factor and maybe it was the fact that she
was trussed up like xmas turkey that turned him on so much. It was probably a
combination of all three.







Dealing Nikki-7

Nikki could hear the increased laboring in Benny's now rapid breathing. She knew
now, if she had known all along, that Benny was about to fulfill his promise, to
exact his revenge.

And he did. With each of Benny's piercing, downward thrusts, Nikki could feel
his discharge spraying the soft inner walls of her abused vagina. The debased,
young blonde beauty had been reduced to a mere pleasure reciprocal for Benny's
enjoyment. Only when he had deposited every drop of his seeman into the depths
of her bowels did he withdraw.

Benny reached down and removed Nikki's gag, she turned away, not wanting to face
her rapist.

"AH! ah!, don't be shy Nikki, look at me."

Reluctantly, Nikki turned her head, sniffling a couple of times to stop her nose
from running. Benny gloated over the bedraggled blonde and spoke to her in his
best, I told you so voice.

"Now Nikki baby, tell me what I just did to you."

Nikki's voice was low but intelligible and clearly one of defeat.

"You fucked my brains out Benny, just like you promised you would."

Benny, still naked, was seated in a large, stuffed arm chair. Nikki, naked and
bound was kneeling between his outstretched legs, her eyes were closed, her head
bowed in submission. Benny had been quite inventive with his rope work. Nikki's
ankles were bound and at the moment she was on her knees, with her buttocks
sitting squarely on her trussed up ankles. Her left hand was behind her back and
tied wrist to ankles. Her right hand remained free.

Benny stood up, standing directly in front of the kneeling girl.

"Look at me Nikki."

The young blonde slowly raised her head, her deep blue eyes, once sparkling and
alive were now dull and lifeless. Benny stepped forward, his heavy hanging
scrotums now resting on Nikki's chin.

"Nikki, do you remember when you kicked these babys?"

Nikki swallowed hard. "Yes."

"Are you sorry that you did?"

"Yes Benny, I am, I'm really sorry."

"Well, I think that it would be nice if you apologized directly to them and ask
them for forgiveness.

The blonde did not hesitate, she spoke to them as if they were a person. "I'm
sorry testicles, I'm sorry for kicking you....please forgive me."

Benny smiled. "Now, use your mouth to give them a little TLC."

Nikki raised his flaccid penis with her right hand and went to work on Bennys
scrotums. She used her tongue like a lap dog, licking and licking until his
balls were shining with her saliva. She lavished them with succulent kisses and
then took each of his sacs, one at a time into her mouth, massaging it
seductively with her soft, warm tongue.










Dealing Nikki-8

Benny sit down, leaning back in the soft, comfortable chair. Without words,
Nikki knew what was expected of her. Instead, she pleaded.

"Please Benny, lets get out of here while we still can, once we're in a safe
place I'll suck your cock all night long, I promise."

"We've got plenty of time and hell, I don't even know if your a decent
cocksucker or not. "I'm not going to buy a pig in a poke, so I'd get busy and
strut my stuff if I were you."

Nikki gently pulled back the foreskin on Benny's still flaccid penis and
squeezed the head between her pouty, Kim Bassinger lips. She then took the
entire length of his deflated cock into her mouth. Nikki could immediately feel
the organ come alive, growing and moving like an angry serpent.

She then withdrew, again taking the bulb of his cock between her lips and then
bobbed her head up and down over the reddening crown, her silky blonde hair
waving around her head like caught in a wind storm.

Nikki then wrapped her palm around Benny's member and darted her tongue in and
around the open slit. She could feel the girth of his penis widen in the palm of
her hand as her tongue worked it's magic.

Nikki could taste the salty secretions escaping the narrow hole, reminding her
of the degradation that was sure to follow. This morning she would not have
thrown water on this smelly turd if he was on fire and now, almost unbelievably,
she is prepared to suck his prick to a climax and swallow his load of hot cargo.

Benny's manhood was rock hard now and curved like a giant saber, it's head 
glistening with premature seeman. Niki held his straining erection in her hand
and took the dewy coated knob into her mouth. She began to suck and move her
lips up and down about one half the length of Benny's rod.

Benny hissed at her. "Can't take it all. huh blondie?"

Nikki removed her mouth long enough to answer.

"No Benny, it's too big, please don't make me."

Benny laughed at the frigtened blonde. "It wasn't too big when I had it buried
in your cunt, now was it?' "Do you think your the only one around here who
deserves a little pleasure?"

Benny let Nikki continue until he was on the edge, right on the brink of
eruption, then he grabbed her head between his hands and held her motionless.

"I'm sorry Nikki but we just can't tolerate any half hearted blow jobs." "Now,
I'm going to give it to you slowly, a little at a time but believe me,  you are
going to deep throat my entire twanger."







Dealing Nikki-9

Nikki's speech was garbled, Benny's hold not allowing her to remove her mouth
from his prick.

"Pweez Betty, too bwig for me, cunt doot."

"Sorry Nikki, can't understand you, you must be speaking a foreign language."

Benny forced the young beauty's head downward, ever so slowly. Nikki made
pathetic gurgling sounds, her throat first trying to reject the intruder and
then trying to accept it. Breathing was becoming difficult, she could feel the
giant piece of meat at the back of her mouth, touching the rim of her throat.

Benny was determined not to stop until Nikki's lips were nestled snugly in the
midst of his pubic hair.

Once again, still very slowly, Benny forced the blonde's head downward until she
was eating pubic hair. Only Benny's vice like grip kept her head in place.
Nikki's face was turning red from lack of oxygen, the massive log cutting off
most of her air supply.

Benny advised the desperate young blonde, her face growing even redder. "If you
want to be released, use your hand to massage my testicles."

Nikki reached wildly for Benny's scrotums, fondling and teasing them the best
she could. Within seconds, much to Nikki's chagrin, Benny shot his wad, his
pearly essence flooding her unprotected throat and coursing unheeded into the
reservoir of her belly. Nikki felt as if she was drowning, gasping, unable to
intake air.

Finally, Benny released his grip and withdrew from Nikki's mouth. Her face was
red, her eyes bulging, Nikki's mouth opened and closed rapidly, like a fish out
of water as she gulped large quanities of oxygen into her depleted lungs.

Nikki's breathing had barely returned to normal when Benny released her from her
bonds. He allowed her to set up on the bed, her head propped against two
pillows. She looked exquisite, her dark, sun bronzed body prominent against the
snow white comforter covering the bed. She started to speak but hesitated when
Benny motioned with his hands for her to spread her legs. Without questioning
his authority, Nikki spread her long, shapely legs, offering Benny full view of
her blonde, fleece covered snatch.

"Benny, I don't want to end up in China, please, we have to get out of here
right now."

Benny approached the bed without speaking, taking uncontested liberties with the
lovely centerfold's body. He ran his hand slowly up the inside of her right leg
until he reached the apex between her thighs. Nikki moved slightly but made no
protest when he fingered her exposed slit. He moved up to her titties, Nikki
winced in pain as he not so gently, kneaded and molded the twin orbs into
various shapes of his own choosing.

He then bent down next to the naked blonde and broke the silence. "We'll play
one more little game and then I'll take you out of here."

Nikki protested. "But Benny we........"

The slap to Nikki's face sounded like a rifle shot, almost knocking her
unconscious.











Dealing Nikki-10

Nikki wept in shame as she tongue licked her way up the dark crevice between
Benny's ass cheeks. Benny's torso was face down on the bed, his feet spread wide
and on the floor. Nikki kneeled behind him, using both hands to spread his
buttocks. She flicked her tongue. ever so lightly up and down the hairy cleft,
sending involuntary tremors through his body.

"Thata girl Nikki, thats feels wonderful, now clean me up real good."

Nikki looked at Benny's dark, crinkly hole and sobbed out loud, her magnificient
breasts dancing a tune upon her heaving chest.

"Get to it Nikki, it can't be that bad."

The mortified blonde first touched the small, rubbery ring with the tip of her
tongue, as if tasting it, Then, abandoning all self respect, Nikki scoured
Benny's anus, using her tongue to remove any and all traces of residue, She then
forced the tip of her tongue through the tight elastic band of Benny's sphincter
muscles, probing and searching for additional waste.

Benny patted a pissed off Nikki on top of the head. "Good job Nikki, I think
you've finally found your real calling in life."

Benny slipped on a shirt and pants and told Nikki to get dressed while he
checked for the best way out of the house. Nikki was ecstatic, maybe she was
going to get out of this after all.

Benny found Johnny, Judi Lee and her two associates in the den playing cards.

"Ms. Lee, I can't think you enough for your generosity, it was most delightful."

Judi stood up. "By the way, where is the charming Ms. Page?"

Benny chuckled. "She's in the bedroom, waiting for me, dumb broad thinks we're
going to run away together." "She offered herself to me, heart and soul."

"Oh, she did, did she?" Judi questioned. "Well, I think I will pay her a little
surprise visit."


Judi carried a small, doctor like bag with her and Benny followed the diminutive
chinese girl to the door of the bedroom. Being a good eight inches shorter than
Nikki, Benny ask her if she needed any help.

Judi Lee spoke in no uncertain terms. "Believe me, I wont need any help." "you
can come in when you hear me knock on the door."

Curious, Benny put his ear to the door. He could hear Nikki scream. "You're not
taking me anywhere."

That was followed by a couple of banging noises that sounded like scuffling.
Then there was a few minutes of silence.

A loud, blood curdling scream sent shivers through Benny's body. He listened
intently against the door and could make out crying.

Then a second scream of agony, as fierce as the first, followed shortly by a
knock on the door.

When Benny walked in, Judi was rummaging through her black bag and paying no
attention to the bound, gagged and naked blonde laying on the nearby table.
Nikki's wrists were secured behind her back with nylon rope, her ankles crossed
and also tied with nylon rope. A wide piece of black tape was plastered across
her mouth. She had purposely been deposited on the hard surfaced, wooden table,
where she lay on her side, rather than on the bed.

Nikki was crying uncontrollably. When Benny approached her he could see driblets
of blood trickling from both nostrils.

"Hey, Ms. Lee. you gave her a bloody nose."

"Yeh, and if you took that tape off, you'd see that she has what you Americans,
I believe refer to as a fat lip."

Benny chuckled. "Probably slow her cock sucking down a bit, I'll bet."

Benny circled the table to view the prostrated blonde's back side. He almost
went into shock. Both of Nikki's thumbs were sticking out of her hands in the
wrong direction.

"God!!! What happened to her thumbs?"

"I broke them," was Judi's callous reply.

"Man you play rough." "Now I know what all of the big time screaming was about."

"I'm from China Mr. Benny, not America, Ms. Page will not enjoy herself in my
country."

Judi walked over to the table and as one would simply rearrange a piece of
funiture, she pushed Nikki's knees up to her chest. Everything between her rear
cheeks was open for their inspection. The plump, slitted lips of her vulva
peeked enticingly from between the backs of her thighs.

The beautiful centerfold could only lie there in pain as the young Chinese girl
showcased her most intimate charms. She pulled her buttocks apart, stretching
the puckered skin of her anus in vulger fashion, then pinched together the
tender lips of her vagina until Nikki whimpered into her gag.

"Those are what you American men are interested in, cunts and asses but you'd be
very surprised at what turns an eighty year old Chinaman on, and indeed, so will
Ms. Page, I'm afraid."

Judi Lee removed a hypodermic needle from her bag, purposely holding it in plain
view of Nikki as she tested the plunger. squirting two drops of the fluid
harmlessly into the air. Nikki protested vehemently into her gag as Judi circled
the table. The young, cruel oriental girl uncerimoniously plunged the length of
the thin, sharp needle into the exposed flesh of Nikki's right buttocks. Nikki's
scream of anguish was muffled by the broad piece of tape across her mouth.

Johnny and Benny watched from the second story window as the long black
limousine with tinted windows pulled into the driveway at the back of the
mansion. Shortly thereafter, a gorgeous blonde was escorted from the house by
two oriental men, her bound wrists and nudity hidden beneath an expensive fur
coat that reached just about to her knees. With one escort on each arm, she
moved unsteadily between them, stumbling in the white high heel pumps that she
wore.

The oriental chauffeur held the rear door open and was waiting when they
arrived. Although the blonde's head hung loosely, her chin almost touching her
chest, she balked as they tried to put her in the limousine. Using the back of
her head, one of the men pushed her forward until she was bent at the waist,
causing the hem at the back of her coat to raise right up to the bottom of her
ass cheeks, revealing the most beautifully sculptured pair of suntanned legs
that anyone will ever see. The ones that captured old Hugh's heart, the ones
that belong to Ms. July 1999. He easily threw her head first into the rear seat.

Johnny and Benny watched as the limousine drove away. Johnny turned to Benny.

"Come tomorrow, there's going to be one very happy old Chinaman.

The End





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Leones


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





