BDSM Library - Cindy, the Belted Nymphomaniac




Cindy, the Belted Nymphomaniac
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: It's about female-female domination and the forced use of a chastity belt.
Cindy, the Belted Nymphomaniac

Fiction Submitted by: seething@nym.alias.net



This fictitious short story is titled "Cindy, the Belted Nymphomaniac". It is 
about female-female domination and the forced use of a chastity belt. Please 
write me if you have comments or would like me to continue this story. If you 
are a female and this story excites you, I would love to hear about it. No spam 
please.




Cindy, the Belted Nymphomaniac
---------------------

Chapter 1 - The Discovery

After years of trying to control my  nymphomania, and countless thousands of
dollars spent on psychiatrists, I still  was no better than when I was 16. You
see, for me it's not a need for attention  or a desire for companionship that
drove me to have sex - it was the sexual  release - the orgasm - that I craved.
I seemed to constantly crave sex. After I  would reach orgasm, I was only
satisfied for about an hour before I would begin  to feel the strong urge to
have sex again. The urge would become more and more  powerful until I again
satisfied it. Even at work, my lunch breaks usually  included a trip to the
restroom for a quick orgasm using a vibrator.  Masturbation was okay and
satisfied the urge, but it never compared to the feel  of a real man inside of
me. I fucked men every chance I had, and I hated myself  for it. I couldn't keep
a boyfriend because no one man could fuck me often  enough to keep me satisfied.
Because of this, my life became an endless cycle of  men who cared nothing about
me; some of them regular partners, but most of them  were just one night stands.
I tried to control my needs, but my pussy always  seemed to win the battle with
my mind. I would swear to myself that I wouldn't  have an orgasm for one whole
day, but the closest I could ever come to that was  about 6 o'clock in the
evening.

One day, after a particularly excessive weekend (6 different guys in 2 days),  I
went home and had a message on my answering machine from my friend Sonja. She 
said that she hadn't heard from me all weekend and was worried that I had 
"fallen off the wagon again". I called her, and she could immediately tell by my 
voice that her suspicions were true. As usual, I cried and told her that I felt 
so bad about what I had done, and about how much of a slut I was, but that I 
just couldn't control myself. This is when she first suggested it, and the it 
she suggested would change my life. She said, "Well, if you can't control your 
sexual desires, have you ever thought about giving someone else control of them 
for you?" I had no idea what she was talking about. I asked her to go on.

She continued, "I saw a special on TV about alternative sexual lifestyles.  One
of the subjects they talked about was the use of chastity belts. In the TV 
special, they discussed how chastity belts have really made a comeback in the 
alternative underground. They are relatively comfortable, secure, and can be 
worn under clothing without detection. Most of all, they prevent all contact 
with the genitalia underneath." I had heard of chastity belts, but I thought 
that they were just myths from medieval times. Sonja continued, "The article 
showed how couples used chastity belts to enhance their sex lives. They would 
wear the chastity belts for days, sometimes weeks at a time, to deprive 
themselves of sex. They said that the sex was much more intense and gratifying 
after being locked in the belt for weeks at a time." "Well, what has this got to 
do with me? Intense sex is not a problem with me, quite the opposite in fact," I 
asked. Sonja continued, "Well, if you were locked in a chastity belt you would 
not be able to quench your sexual desires so easily." At this point, I was very 
interested, and, to be honest, very aroused. I slid my hand into my panties and 
began to explore my already wet cunt as I continued to talk to her. !

I told her that her suggestion was very interesting and that I would research 
it. I got off the phone and finished the hand job that I had started. As I lay 
awake in bed, all I could think about was being locked up in a belt, unable to 
be fucked, unable even to touch myself. I came five more times that night while 
fantasizing about being locked in a belt.

I spent the next several evenings researching chastity belts, and decided  that
I would like to give one a try. I decided to buy a Tollyboy model FGA/200.  It
has an all steel waistband and front shield, with a wire that goes from the 
bottom of the front shield to the back of the waistband, following the curve of 
the crack of the wearer's ass. It looked very secure. After reading about the 
importance of proper measurement, I decided to ask Sonja to help measure me for 
the chastity belt.




Cindy, the Belted Nymphomaniac
---------------------

Chapter 2 - The Fitting

The next evening, she came over to measure me.  When she came over, I was
wearing blue jeans and a tube top. She laughed at me  and said, "We'll never get
an accurate measurement of you in that!" I decided to  change into some spandex
tights, but she said that the spandex would prevent her  from getting an
accurate measurement of the crack of my ass. Although I have  seldom had a
problem being naked in front of a man, I have always felt  uncomfortable about
being naked in front of other women, even my best friend.  She assured me that
this was the only way, and so I reluctantly agreed. I  removed my blue jeans and
noticed that, much to my embarrassment, my panties  were visibly wet from my
excitement. I hoped that she would not notice; I was  afraid that she would get
the wrong idea and think that I was excited because of  her, not because of the
thought of being locked in a chastity belt. My fears  came true when she said,
with an evil grin, "I can see, and smell, that this  excites you very much."

I tried to explain to her that it wasn't how it seemed, but I don't think she 
believed me. I removed my panties, and tried not to think about it as I allowed 
another woman's hands to explore my most intimate areas. "Raise your hands over 
your head - it will make your waist smaller", she said. I did as she told me to. 
Using a paper template, she measured my waist and the distance from the front of 
my waist, down across my pussy, around the crack of my ass, and back up to the 
back of my waist. I complained that she was measuring too tightly, but she 
assured me that she was measuring the way the instructions said to. After she
 was finished, I put back on my clothes and thanked her for measuring me. I 
couldn't help but notice that her face was very flushed and her nipples were 
erect. She had experimented with lesbian relationships before she got married, 
but I hadn't suspected until now that she was attracted to me. After she left, I 
was so turned on by the thought of being locked in a belt that I couldn't pull 
my pants and panties off fast enough. I masturbated so many times that night 
that it made my clit sore.

The next day, I placed my order and prepared to spend the next couple of  weeks
waiting for the belt to arrive. Sexually, the next couple of weeks were a  blur.
There was man after man. I seemed to be on an even stronger pace than  ever. The
thought of being locked up and unable to orgasm made me more horny  than I have
ever been. I fucked like I was never going to be fucked again. After  two weeks
of this, the belt arrived.




Cindy, the Belted Nymphomaniac
---------------------

Chapter 3 - The Arrival

The day the belt arrived, I was very, very excited. I immediately tore open the 
box and inspected the belt. It was very well made, and looked very secure. I 
thought to myself "I could never cut through that steel". I threw off my skirt, 
pantyhose, and panties and put the waistband on (without the lock). I was a 
little concerned about how tightly it fit. I couldn't take a full, deep breath 
with it on.

Next, I spread my legs slightly and pulled the front shield through, from the 
back. I took a sharp breath when the cold steel from the shield contacted with 
the warm flesh of my now soaking wet pussy. I attached the front shield and 
noticed how tightly it fit, and how far up the crack of my ass the rear wire 
went. I could feel the wire pressing against my anus. Most of all, I could feel 
the lips of my labia pressing through the small slit in the front of the shield. 
I put the optional front shield in place and then even the lips of my labia were 
covered. Next, I found the lock and keys (two of them), made sure that the keys 
actually worked, and then secured the lock on the belt. As I suspected, the 
"click" of the lock excited me on more than I had ever been. It took all my will 
to keep from removing it right then and there and finger fucking myself on the 
living room floor.

Instead, I walked around the room a little. It was uncomfortable, but not 
unbearable. I thought to myself, "this is going to take some getting used to, 
but I think I can do it." I reached down between my legs, and, strangely, was a 
little surprised to find that I couldn't feel my pussy at all. With the optional 
front shield in place, no part of my pussy was visible, or accessible. I slid my 
hand around to the side of the shield, and attempted to slide my index finger 
in, underneath the shield. I was able to push it under the shield, but not far, 
and I couldn't bend it to touch myself. I tried the same experiment with my 
little finger, with the same results. I could touch the outside of my labia, but 
not the inside. I couldn't touch my clit at all, and pushing a finger deeper 
into my pussy was clearly impossible. My hand continued to explore, and wound up 
behind me, attempting to access my sex from the back. At this angle, I could 
touch the very bottom of my pussy, but would have had to be double jointed to 
get a finger anywhere close to inside of me.

Although it is not my favorite, I have in the past let men fuck me in the  ass.
I decided to attempt to insert my finger into my anus, to see if anal sex  would
still be possible. I could touch my anus with my finger, but couldn't  insert it
more than about three quarters of an inch. I don't know what I was  thinking,
but I got out my favorite vibrator and decided to try to play with it.  I turned
it on and pressed it against the metal front shield. I would feel the 
vibrations on my waist, and on my thighs, where the front shield touched, but I 
couldn't feel anything in my pussy. I tried to push it into me from behind, but 
this clearly was impossible. Next, I found my smallest vibrator and tried to 
push it into my asshole. It wouldn't fit around the bar. I tried to insert a 
pen, and it would only fit about 1 inch - not enough to do anything with. By 
now, I was so horny I could barely see straight. I took off the belt and quickly 
fucked myself to an orgasm. I put the belt back on and decided to go over to 
Sonja's to show her. I put one key on my key chain, and left the other one at 
home.

When I got to Sonja's, she could see from the excitement on my face that I  was
wearing the belt. "Well?" she asked. Fortunately, Bill, her husband, was 
working late so I could tell her all about my evening. As I was telling her 
about wearing it and attempting to touch myself, I could sense she was getting 
aroused. She asked, "Well, who are you going to have keep your keys?" "What?" I 
asked, rather alarmed by her question. She explained, "Well dummy, if you have 
access to the keys, then a chastity belt doesn't work because you can remove it 
any time you want." I don't know why, or how, but I hadn't really thought of 
that. I said, "I don't know, maybe I can just keep the keys at home." She lifted 
her eyebrows, saying, with her facial expressions and without having to speak, 
"You know that will never work". I told her that I didn't know anyone who I 
could trust with the keys. I mean, any guy that had my keys could just turn me 
into his own personal sex slave.

She said "How would you feel about me keeping your keys for you?" I  immediately
objected. I told her it would just be too weird to have to ask her  to remove
the belt. She tried to convince me, but I would hear none of it. After  I left
her apartment, I still had what she said on my mind. I decided to stop at  a
bar, but just for a drink.

At the bar, I felt like I had this huge secret that I wanted everyone to know 
about. I was so horny just wondering if anyone noticed my belt. I met a man 
there and took him back to my place. When we got there, we began to kiss. I 
reached my hand down and rubbed his crotch. He reached down to rub mine, and I 
could tell from the expression on his face that he was surprised by what he 
felt. I took off my pants and could tell by the bulge in his pants that he liked 
what he saw. I asked him "Do you want to fuck me?" He, of course, replied "Yes". 
I wanted to fuck him too. I was so horny that my hands were shaking as I was 
trying to unlock the lock. When I got the belt off, he fucked me till we both 
came. After he was finished he left and I felt empty again. I knew that I 
couldn't keep control of my own keys.




Cindy, the Belted Nymphomaniac
---------------------

Chapter 4 - The Relinquishing of the Keys

The following day, I thought a  lot about who I should give my keys to. Someone
I work with? No way! I didn't  even want them to know about the belt? My
parents? Again, there was no way I  could let them know I was wearing the belt.
Sonja was the only logical choice;  plus, she already knew about the belt and
she already told me she was willing to  do it. I had known her since we were
sixteen and I trusted her with my life. I  called her that evening and asked her
to come over so we could talk about my  belt. She came over and I told her that
I was considering giving her my keys.  Again, she said she was willing to hold
my keys for me, but she said that there  would have to be some conditions. I
asked her what the conditions would be.

She said "First, we would have to set a time period for me to hold your keys, 
second, we would have to agree under what circumstances you would be released 
from your belt, and third, you would have to abide by my control of your keys." 
I asked how long she thought we should try this for. She suggested a month, but 
I was afraid of not having control of my sex for that long. I told her I only 
wanted to test this for a week. She accepted the time period of a week. Next, 
she suggested that she have complete discretion over when I was released from my 
belt, with the exception of medical emergencies. I told her that I didn't feel 
comfortable with that and I wanted to be released daily. She said that she would 
not agree to that and would only hold my key if she had complete discretion for 
the entire week. Reluctantly, I agreed.

Next, she said "Listen, if I am going to do this, I don't want to lose you as  a
friend because of this. You have to understand that anything I do during this 
week is because you are my friend and I care about you. You can't get mad at me 
if I don't release you from your belt during the week." I agreed with her terms, 
knowing that she would release me early if I really, really wanted her to. She 
asked if I was wearing the belt. I wasn't, so she told me to go put it on. I 
went in the other room and prepared to put the belt on. I pulled my pants off. I 
was excited, nervous, and extremely horny. My breath was short with 
anticipation. I could tell that my panties were becoming very wet. I considered 
getting out my vibrator for one last orgasm, but I knew Sonja was waiting and I 
didn't have time.

I removed my panties, relishing the way they felt against my bare skin. I  knew
that I wouldn't feel anything except cold steel against my skin for the  next
week. I secured the waistband, then pulled the front shield around in front  of
me. Before positioning the shield in place, I slid my finger over my soaked 
clit one last time and lied to myself when I said "you can do this; it's just 
for one week". As the cold steel of the shield touched my pussy, I gasped and 
bit my lip. I secured the shield, along with the additional front shied, then 
attached the lock and locked it. I could feel the shield pressing tightly 
against my pussy, pushing the lips of my labia through the slit in the shield, 
keeping my pussy securely positioned in the center of the shield. My hands were 
shaking and my knees were weak at the thought of losing control of my sex for a 
week. I put my panties back on (I have no idea why I even bothered) and then my 
jeans. I went into the other room, where Sonja was waiting.

She asked, "Well? Did you put it on?" "Yes", I replied. She asked me for the 
keys, and I gave her one of the keys. She said "Cindy, I know that this belt 
comes with two keys... Where's the other one?" I sighed, knowing that I was 
caught, and went into the other room and got the other key. As I was about to 
hand the key over to Sonja, I began to have second thoughts. Sonja held out her 
hand and assured me that I was making the right decision. I reluctantly handed 
over the second key - I now had truly lost control of my sex for an entire week 
- how was I going to make it? Sonja clutched the keys in her hand, and, with a 
smile, announced that I had made the right decision.

She told me that given my past record she wanted to inspect the fit of the 
belt. She told me to pull my pants down. I did as she told me to. First, she 
inspected the lock to insure that it was secure. Next, she pulled on the 
waistband and tried to slide it down, up, and to the side. She told me to put my
 hands over my head and keep them there. I did and she again tried to shift the 
waistband. Satisfied, she turned her attention to the shield. She pulled on the 
shield, insuring that it was secure. Next, she tried to slide her fingers in 
underneath the shield. She began up near the waistband, where she could fit two 
fingers in under the shield. She slid her fingers down, under the shield, until 
it was too tight for her fingers to continue down any more. They were still 
several inches away from my pussy. Satisfied, she told me to turn around and 
bend over. I did and she again pulled on the shield to make sure that it was 
secure at the bottom. She tried to slide a finger in under the shield from the 
back and seemed satisfied that she could not. Next, she said "Okay, it looks 
like this belt is pretty secure. I'm sure it will do fine. I need to get home 
soon, before Bill gets home from work". I asked her not to tell Bill about the 
belt, and she agreed.




Cindy, the Belted Nymphomaniac
---------------------

Chapter 5 - The Week Long Belting

About an hour after she left, I was  more horny than I had ever been in my
entire life. My clit ached to be touched  and my pussy yearned to be filled. I
decided to try again to defeat the belt. I  removed my clothes and laid down on
my bed. I spread my legs apart as wide as I  could, and tried to fit any finger
underneath the front shield. It was no use.  Next, flipped over on my bed, got
on my knees, spread my legs apart, and tried  to reach my pussy from behind. I
couldn't get my finger in far enough to do any  good. I knew I could touch my
anus, so I began to wonder if I could make myself  orgasm by rubbing my anus. I
got a little baby oil and put it on my asshole,  then began to rub it with my
finger. After 45 minutes of rubbing my asshole, my  pussy was soaking wet with
excitement, I was very stimulated, but I wasn't close  to reaching an orgasm. I
tried to rub my nipples with the baby oil, but again I  was unable to reach
orgasm. I was so horny I knew I absolutely had to cum. I got dressed and rushed 
over to Sonja's.

Much to my dismay, Bill answered the door. I was hoping that he had not made  it
home yet. I told him that I needed to talk to Sonja. He let me in and showed  me
into the living room, where Sonja was sitting on the couch. Bill said that he 
was really tired and was going to bed. I was relieved that I would be able to 
talk to Sonja in private. After he left, I spoke. "Sonja, I've made a terrible 
mistake; you have to give me the keys back." "Why?" she asked. "I can't make it 
a whole week. I just can't do it. I have to get this off of me tonight!" I said. 
She said "A deal is a deal. Cindy, this is what you agreed to; this is what you 
wanted. If I gave you back the keys, you and I both know that you would just 
regret it tomorrow." "Listen", I said, " I have to cum. Just let me out for 
twenty minutes; I'll go into the bathroom and take care of it." "Cindy, my 
husband is here and what you have just asked me for is inappropriate. I just 
can't let you out tonight" she said. "But... You have to. I just can't wait" I 
pleaded. "No, and that's my final decision." she said. Completely discouraged 
and unbelievably frustrated, I left. I cried all the way home.

That night, I didn't sleep for hours. I couldn't stop thinking about the cold 
steel barrier between my legs. I wanted that damn belt off more than anything in 
the world - no, I take that back, I wanted to cum more than anything. I kept 
reaching down between my legs, hoping that I would somehow be able to touch my 
sex; I couldn't. This was the first time since I was fourteen that I didn't have 
at least one orgasm before I went to sleep. The next morning, I got up and went 
to work. At work, I could barely do my job. I was so distracted that I couldn't 
think about anything except for the damn belt. My clit needed to be touched so 
bad that it was tingling. I decided that I would go over to Sonja's right after 
work, before Bill got home, and demand that she unlock me. The day lasted an 
eternity, but five o'clock finally arrived. I left work and rushed over to 
Sonja's.

Sonja answered the door. "Sonja", I said, "You have to unlock me. I have to  get
this belt off. I have to cum." She replied, "Cindy, don't you remember  agreeing
to abide by my decisions on the belt? Don't you?" "Well... Yes...  But..." I
mumbled. "Well...", she interrupted, "This is my decision. The belt  stays
locked." "LISTEN, YOU BITCH", I shouted, "LET ME OUT OF THIS GOD DAMMED  BELT
RIGHT NOW!" I immediately regretted what I said. Sonja looked shocked. She 
could see that I was desperate. She sighed, and agreed to release me. She said 
"I will open the shield, but the waistband stays locked. You can have the shield 
off for thirty minutes, then I am locking it back on you. You can have some 
privacy in my bedroom. That's the most I am willing to do." Relieved, I accepted 
her terms. I knew that she would break if I could convince her how urgent my 
need was, and I was right. I unzipped my pants, exposing the lock to her. She 
excused herself, and went into the other room to get the key. She came back and 
unlocked the lock, pulled the front shield clear of the waistband, and the 
locked the waistband back on me. I excused myself into the bedroom and quickly 
closed the door.

Quickly, I stripped my pants off, then my panties. I couldn't wait to "take 
care of business". I only wished that I had thought to bring my vibrator; oh 
well, my fingers would have to do. Laying on the bed with the front shield 
hanging between my legs was awkward and a little uncomfortable, but I wasn't 
going to complain. I reached down between my legs and was delighted to feel my 
cunt. I slid two fingers from my left hand into my pussy, and used two fingers 
from my right hand to rub my soaking wet, swollen clit. I came almost 
immediately. I was convinced that Sonja could hear me in the other room but I 
didn't care. I came one more time, and was building up to what felt like was 
going to be a huge orgasm when Sonja barged into the room. There I was, naked, 
legs spread, with two fingers in my pussy and two more on my clit. I was so 
close to orgasm, but as soon as I heard her open the door I scrambled for the 
covers. I was so embarrassed that she had seen me that way.

"Thirty minutes is up", she said. "Ok, I just need a few more minutes", I 
replied, hoping that she would agree. "Cindy, a deal is a deal. Pull the front 
shield back up", she demanded. "I was just about to cum. I was so close. I have 
to finish", I pleaded. "You came twice; I could hear you all the way in living 
room. Pull the front shield up NOW!" she insisted. I knew it was no use, so I 
reluctantly reached down and pulled the shield up. She unlocked the lock, 
secured the front shield, and locked the lock back in place. After she was 
convinced that the lock was properly secured, she left the room and allowed me 
to get cleaned up and dressed. As I was leaving her apartment, I thanked her for 
releasing me and apologized for leaving a wet spot on her bed spread. She told 
me that this was the only time that she was going to cave in, but I knew that if 
I convinced her once, I could do it again - she's always been sort of a 
pushover. I went home and slept much better that night.

The next day, I knew I had to have another orgasm that night. I went to  Sonja's
that night, and again convinced her to unlock the belt. This became my  routine
that entire week. Each day I went to Sonja's, and each day she caved in  and
released me from my belt. At the end of the week, I was pleased with myself  for
not having had sex with a man the entire week. That was the first week since  I
was sixteen that I had not been laid at least once in a week. I felt a real 
since of satisfaction, even though I knew that the belt was the only reason why 
I hadn't tried to get laid. On the last day of our agreement, I rushed over to 
Sonja's to be released from my belt. I got there and announced that the week was 
up. With a disgusted look on her face, she went and got the keys. "What's 
wrong?", I asked. "You have made a complete mockery of this whole week. You 
learned nothing, and you accomplished nothing" she announced. "What do you mean, 
nothing? I haven't had sex for a whole week...", I reasoned. "Only because you 
were locked in this. You have no willpower whatsoever. Never again ask me to 
hold your keys", she blurted out. I couldn't believe she felt that way, but I 
didn't want to argue with her about it right now. I wanted to get that damn belt 
off so I could go get laid. She handed me the keys; I thanked her and then left. 
I rushed home, tore off the belt, and fucked myself with my favorite vibrator to 
two orgasms. After that, I got dressed up and went out for a night on the town, 
without the belt.

That weekend, I fucked more men that I can count. I know I slept with at  least
eight men, probably more. At the end of the weekend, I again felt more  empty
and alone than I could bear. I knew that just one week in the belt hadn't 
helped me any at all. I knew I needed to wear the belt longer; I just didn't 
know if I would be able to convince Sonja to hold my keys again.




Cindy, the Belted Nymphomaniac
---------------------

Chapter 6 - The Contract

Monday morning, I put my belt on under my  clothes and went to work. After work,
I went over to Sonja's. It was the first  time I had spoken to her since she
gave me back my keys. She answered the door  and looked at me with a hint of
displeasure. I could tell that she knew what I  was going to ask her to do. She
invited me in and we went into her living room.  I told her that I wanted her to
hold my keys again. She refused, saying that I  had made a mockery of the entire
week. I told her that I would do better and I  pleaded with her to hold my keys
for another week. She said that she would think  about it and then she asked me
to leave. I left, and headed for home. On the way  home, I stopped by a bar and
picked up a guy. We went back to my house and  fucked like madmen. After he
left, I cried. I hoped and prayed that Sonja would  decide to hold my keys
again.

The next day, I called Sonja from work and asked her if she had reconsidered. 
She said that she had, and would hold my keys, but only if I completely agreed 
to her conditions. She told me to come over that evening, wearing the belt, with 
both keys. Excited, I rushed home after work, put on the belt, got the keys, and 
hurried over to her apartment to hear her conditions. On my way over, I realized 
that I had been in such a hurry that I had forgotten to masturbate. I wondered 
when my next opportunity to cum would be. I considered going back to my place 
for a quick orgasm but I decided to continue over to Sonja's. When I got there, 
she asked if I was wearing the belt. I lifted my skirt and showed her that I 
was. She led me into the living room, where a piece of paper was laying on the 
coffee table. The title of the paper read "Chastity Belt Contract". I was 
uneasy, but I sat down. She pushed the paper towards me, and I picked it up and 
read it. It read as follows:


Chastity Belt Contract
     I, Cindy, agree to give complete control of my genitalia to Sonja for an
     unspecified period of time to be determined solely by Sonja. I agree to wear a
    chastity belt to prevent all contact with my genitalia for as long as Sonja
    deems necessary. I accept that Sonja may, but is not required to, allow the
    removal of the chastity belt for any of the following reasons: medical
    emergencies, hygiene, masturbation, and sexual intercourse. Furthermore, to
    help discourage annoying behavior, I explicitly agree that Sonja can not
    release me for at least 24 hours after any time that I request or demand to be
    released. I accept these terms freely, and with full knowledge, and hereby
    forfeit any rights to challenge this document in the future.
    Signed, _________

     I, Sonja, agree to accept complete control of Cindy's genitalia for an
    unspecified period of time deemed necessary by myself. I agree to hold the
    keys to Cindy's chastity belt until I feel that Cindy's behavior has been
    adequately modified. I agree to allow Cindy to be released from her belt at 
    least once weekly, for thirty minutes, under terms and conditions to be    
    determined solely by myself. I agree to allow her to, if she wishes, have sex    
    through stimulation of the clitoris in a manner to be determined solely by    
    myself until an orgasm is achieved, at least once weekly. This sex will be    
    without a partner or with a partner of my choice, at my sole discretion. To    
    help discourage annoying behavior, I agree that, under no circumstances, shall    
    Cindy be released from her belt for at least 24 hours after any time that she    
    requests or demands to be released.
    Signed, _________     

"I'm not signing this", I exclaimed. "Well, that's the only way that  I will agree 
to do this", she smugly replied. "You want me to give over control to you 
indefinitely? I can't do that; I won't do that", I replied. "Okay, suit  yourself. 
But, if you read my part of the contract you will see that I will  allow you to 
have sex at least once weekly, if you want to", she answered. I  thought very hard 
about it. I knew that I brought this on myself with all my  whining last week. I 
knew that her bark was worse than her bite and that if I  really needed to, I 
could convince her to release me. Besides, most women I know  don't even have sex 
once a week. If they can do it, so can I. "OK, OK, I'll do  it", I sighed. She 
handed me a pen and I signed the document before I could  second guess myself. 
She signed it too, and asked me for my keys. I held out my  hand with the keys in 
my palm. She took the keys from my hand, looked at me with  a slight grin and 
said, "This is going to change your life". At the time, I had  no idea how true 
her statement was...




Cindy, the Belted Nymphomaniac
---------------------

Chapter 7 - The First Strict Enforcement

I didn't sleep at all that  night. The next day, after work, I went over to
Sonja's house to convince her to  release me, as usual. When I got there, I
asked her to let me out. She said  "Cindy, not only will I not do that, but
according to our contract. I now can't  let you out for at least 24 hours." I
argued, "Look, I know what the contract  said, but I really need to..." ,
she closed the door in my face. I  couldn't believe it. I rang the doorbell and
she just shouted through the door,  "Cindy, go home, we're not going to go
through this again". "GOD DAMMIT, YOU LET  ME IN RIGHT NOW SONJA" I screamed,
"GIVE ME MY FUCKING KEYS, YOU FUCKING WHORE  CUNT!" She never did answer the
door, but the apartment doorman came by in a  couple of minutes to "escort" me
out of the building. I couldn't believe what  that bitch had done. I was pissed.

That night was a long night. I regretted what I had done and hoped that Sonja 
didn't take it personally. I decided to go back there the following day and try 
a nicer approach. My pussy ached to be touched - it had been over 48 hours since 
the last time I came. The following day, after work I went back to Sonja's. When 
she answered the door, I apologized to her for my behavior the following day. My 
apology wasn't sincere, but I really wanted to be released from the belt and I 
knew that I would have to be nice to convince her to do it. I would have told 
her anything to let me out of that belt. She let me in and we sat down on the 
couch.

"Well?" I asked. "Well, what?" she replied. "Never mind" I said in a rejected 
tone. "Oh, so that's what this is all about? You think that if you are nice to 
me I will release you? Dream on sister. I'm still a little pissed about being 
called a whore cunt. You had better learn fast to be a little more respectful of 
me - after all, I decide how long you wear that thing. It could be a week, or it 
could be years..." she said in an angry tone, with a wicked smile on her face. I 
was speechless; Sonja had never spoken to me that way. "Come back Saturday night 
for your weekly release and sex, if you want" she seethed. At that, she 
dismissed me. I cried that entire night. I didn't dare disturb her for the rest 
of the week. By Saturday night, I was so ready to cum that I couldn't think 
straight. My clit felt like it was swolen to the size of a d-cell battery and it 
tingled so bad it hurt. It had been five days since I had last had an orgasm and 
I needed to feel something inside of me. I made sure not to forget to pack my 
favorite vibrator. Excited, and horny beyond belief, I hurried over to Sonja's.




Cindy, the Belted Nymphomaniac
---------------------

Chapter 8 - The Secret Revealed, and the Revenge

When I arrived at  Sonja's, I was surprised by the way she was dressed. She was
wearing a black  leather mini skirt, black leather vest, and black paten leather
thigh high  boots. The boots came up to about two inches below her skirt, and I
could see  from the skin exposed that she was not wearing panty hose. "Did I
come at a bad  time?", I asked. I didn't want to piss her off, so I decided to
be on my best  behavior. "No, no, come inside" she replied. She led me into the
living room,  and we sat on the couch. "Where's Bill?" I asked. "He's out of
town on business  this weekend, we're all alone" she replied. "Why are you
dressed like that, are  you going out tonight?" I asked, puzzled at her
intentions. "Maybe", she  replied. "Well, you told me to come back Saturday
night for sex, and so here I  am. I brought my favorite toy and I have been
really looking forward to this" I  said in an excited tone.

"Well... First we need to talk" she said in a mischievous voice, "I don't  know
if you know this, but Bill and I have been having some marital problems. He 
cheated on me last year, he had an affair, and I have been unable to forgive him 
for it. We haven't had sex since then and, honestly, I am only still with him 
for the financial support". "Oh my God Sonja, I'm so sorry to hear that", I 
gasped. "It's okay Cindy, it really isn't as much of a loss as you might think. 
Before we were married, the sex was okay, but after a couple of years of 
marriage, things began to change. I don't know if I have ever told you this, but 
the only way I can have an orgasm is with stimulation to my clit. I really don't 
even like vaginal intercourse - it hurts me - and I only let my husband fuck me 
for his pleasure. Well, before we were married he would at least eat me out 
before he fucked me. After a couple of years of marriage he wouldn't even do 
that. Do you remember my lesbian phase back when I was younger?"

"Yes, I remember, but I never understood why you did it. You never seemed to 
love your girlfriends, and the whole thought of being with another woman is 
disgusting" I replied. She answered "Well, I don't think I was ever really a 
lesbian. I really felt the same way you do, but a lot of men won't go down on a 
woman, and even the ones that did could never do as good of a job as any woman 
who ate me. The fact is, I prefer the feel of a woman's mouth. They know what 
feels good, so they know how to make me feel good. I didn't like returning the 
favor, but I knew that if I didn't they would never eat me again. It was 
disgusting, but I ate them so they would eat me."

"What has this got to do with me?" I nervously asked. She answered "Well, I'm 
getting to that. Remember when I said that Bill had an affair? Well, I know that 
he had it with you." All the blood drained out of my face. What she said was 
true, but I just couldn't believe that she knew. "No Sonja, that's just not 
true" I pleaded. "Oh, shut the fuck up, you little whore" she said calmly, "I 
followed him to your little meeting place. That was when I vowed to get you 
back. I didn't know then how I was going to do it, but now I do." My heart was 
beating like a rabbit, and I was truly scared. I was afraid of what she had in 
mind, but I didn't want to think about it. She continued, "I know you fucked him 
at least 20 times, and you are going to tongue fuck me at least 100 times for 
each time you fucked him. You are going to get so used to eating my little cunt 
that you will dream of it in your sleep." "Give me my keys, right now" I 
demanded in a firm voice.

"Shut the fuck up and listen you whore", she sneered back. "You can't make do 
this. I won't do it. The contract said nothing about having sex with you." I 
said. She replied "True, but if you ever want to feel that nasty pussy or yours 
again, you will do what the fuck I say, when the fuck I tell you to do it." I 
replied "Fuck you. Give me my keys now or I will go to the police." "You can do 
that if you want, but let me show you something first", she replied. She reached 
over and picked up the remote control for the television. She turned on the 
television and then pressed play on the VCR. The image that appeared on the TV 
shocked me. It was me, on her bed, with my fingers in my pussy masturbating like 
the end of the world was coming. "You taped me?" I asked. "It sure looks that 
way, and if you don't want this to go to everyone you know - your friends, your 
coworkers, your boss, and your parents - you won't go to the police, and you 
won't try to remove the belt. Understood?" she asked. I was caught. I couldn't 
live with myself if my family saw that tape. I knew I had no choice but to 
cooperate. "What about the contract?" I asked, "You agreed to let me out of the 
chastity belt once a week to have sex. You have never been a liar, aren't you 
going to honor your word?"

"Well Cindy" she replied, "I will honor the contract, but re-read the  contract.
It says that you will be released once a week, and it says that you  can have
sex at lease once a week, but it doesn't say that you will be released  to have
sex. If you want, you will be restrained and I will remove your belt for  30
minutes once each week." "Well, what about the orgasm? How am I supposed to 
have an orgasm with that damn belt on?" I demanded. Sonja smugly replied "It 
said that you could have sex through stimulation of the clitoris until an orgasm 
is achieved, if you wanted. It didn't say what kind of sex or who's clit was 
going to get stimulated. I, unlike the President, consider oral sex to be sex. 
If you want, you can have sex, in other words, pleasure me with your tongue, at 
least once a week. If you do a good job, I might occasionally let you pleasure 
yourself. Rest assured, however, that it will be a very long time before you 
will feel a hard cock inside that nasty fuck hole of yours."

I began to cry. "Sonja, you can't do this, you just can't" I begged. "Oh, I 
can, and I will" she replied. I could smell the strong scent of her sexual 
excitement from the other side of the couch. This was exciting her tremendously. 
"This is how the game works", she continued "You will be held in that belt at 
least until you repay me with 2000 orgasms; that's 100 for every one that you 
gave my husband. If you do a good job, and you are an obedient little slave, I 
might allow you buy an orgasm for yourself by selling me back ten of mine. For 
example, if you have tongue fucked me 20 times, you only owe me 1980 more 
orgasms. If you have done a good job and I choose to allow you to pleasure 
yourself, it will cost you ten of the orgasms you gave me and you will then owe 
me 1990 orgasms." At that, she lifted her skirt and spread her legs to reveal 
that she wasn't wearing any panties. Her pussy was freshly shaven, with a large 
mound of pubic hair above it. It was also very wet.

"Get on your knees" she demanded. "I'm not touching that" I replied. "Fine, 
then get the fuck out of my house, and don't come back until you have learned to 
respect my orders" she shouted. At that, she grabbed me by the hair and dragged 
me outside. She slammed the door behind her and I laid there, on the ground 
sobbing. I couldn't believe that this was happening. This time, I left before 
the doorman could get there. I went home and cried. I tried like hell to get 
that damn belt off. I tried to pick the lock with a paper clip, like in the 
movies, but it was useless. I had to feel my pussy, but I couldn't. I hated 
Sonja for what she was doing. I cried myself to sleep.

The next morning, I decided to call Sonja. Maybe this was all just a joke. 
Maybe she just wanted to teach me a lesson. Maybe she would release me today. I 
called her, but when she heard my voice, she asked only one question: "Are you 
ready to obey my orders?" I said "Sonja, can't we talk about this? Will you 
please let me out of this belt?" Sonja replied by simply repeating "Are you 
ready to obey my orders?" I pleaded "Sonja, please. I can't do that, I just 
can't. I'm not gay and I don't think I could bring myself to do what you have 
asked me to do." The phone went dead - that bitch had just hung up on me. 
I seriously considered calling her back and telling her that I would do it, but 
I just couldn't. I am not gay and I couldn't bring myself to touch another woman 
in an intimate way.




Cindy, the Belted Nymphomaniac
---------------------

Chapter 9 - The First Submission

By the next Saturday my pussy hadn't  been touched in twelve days. I knew that
if I ever wanted to get feel it again I  was going to have to do something. I
decided that I would give in to Sonja's  demands. I would rub Sonja's clit with
my hand until she came. That would  probably be enough for her and maybe she
would let me out of this damn belt. I  called her and again asked "Are you ready
to obey my orders?" "Yes", I  whispered. "What did you say? Speak louder" she
demanded. "YES!" I said, "I'll  obey your orders." I couldn't believe that I had
said it. I didn't know how I  was going to go through with this. "I want you to
pleasure me with your tongue.  Say you will pleasure me with your tongue." she
demanded. "I will pleasure you"  I said in a timid voice. "How will you pleasure
me?" she asked. "With my hands"  I replied. "No, you slut, you'll do it with
your tongue. Do you understand me?"  she snapped.

I was hoping that using my hands would be enough, but it looked like Sonja  had
other plans for me. "Okay", I whispered. "Okay what?" she demanded, "I want  to
hear you say what you are going to do and how you are going to do it." 
Defeated, I replied "I... I will pleasure you... I will pleasure you with my 
tongue. Are you happy now?" "Look you little whore, you had better lose that 
attitude quick. Leave your door unlocked, I'll be over in thirty minutes. I want 
you to be on the floor, kneeling, waiting for me, wearing only your chastity 
belt when I arrive. If you don't obey all of these conditions I'll walk back out 
the door and we won't talk again for a month." she demanded. With that she hung 
up the phone before I could reply. I drank a glass of wine, removed my clothes, 
and knelt down on the floor, and waited for her to arrive.

As I knelt there waiting, all I could think about was how I could get out of 
this situation. Thirty minutes passed and still Sonja had not arrived. Forty, 
then fifty minutes passed. I was afraid she wasn't going to show up but I didn't 
dare move. After a full hour had passed, the door opened and Sonja came walking 
in. She was wearing a black overcoat. Before I could say a word she spoke, "The 
only thing that you are to use your tongue for this evening is to give me 
pleasure. You are not to speak unless I tell you to. Nod your head if you 
understand." "But Sonja..." I began. She cut me off and said "You stupid whore, 
you don't get it. I said you are not to speak. I'll give you another month to 
think about it." She turned around and began to leave. "No! Wait! I'll be good, 
I promise I won't say another word! Please don't go!" I pleaded.

She walked to the door, locked it, and turned back around. Without saying a 
word, she walked straight up to me, took my hair in her hands and led me into 
the bedroom on my knees, by my hair, forcing my nose close to her ass. When we 
were in the bedroom she threw her overcoat onto the floor. She was wearing the 
same outfit as last Saturday night - a black leather mini skirt, black leather 
vest, and black patent leather thigh high boots. I could smell the strong scent 
of her pussy and could tell that she was very, very aroused. I could not say the 
same for myself. I was so nervous that I was sick to my stomach. How was I going 
to do this? I couldn't bring myself to lick her, but I knew that is what she 
expected me to do. For the first time since I put on the belt, I wasn't horny. I 
wanted to be anywhere except in that bedroom.

Sonja wasted no time. She sat down on the edge of my bed, facing me. She  spread
her legs and lifted her skirt to reveal her pussy to me. As I expected,  she was
again wearing no panties. "Crawl over here on your hands and knees and  get to
work on my pussy" she demanded. I mouthed, "Please...", not really saying  it,
just moving my mouth to form the word. "Do it, you little whore!" she  barked. I
did as I was told and slowly began to craw towards her. With each foot  I moved
forward, I frantically tried to think of some way out of this. Maybe I  could
still just use my hands. Maybe she wouldn't notice. The closer I got to her, 
the stronger the smell was from her cunt. When I got to her, I paused, and 
then began to kiss her thigh high boot. I looked up at her and she seemed to be 
enjoying the moment, but I knew that she would quickly grow impatient with me 
kissing her boot. I moved up, and began to kiss her thigh. Maybe if I kissed her 
thighs I could get away with just giving her a hand job. I reached my right hand 
up and reluctantly placed it on her crotch. Her pussy was very hot, and very 
wet. I know that all women are different, but she was much wetter than I am when 
I am aroused. The juice was already beginning to flow down from her pussy and 
was about to reach her anus.

She gasped when I touched her pussy with my hand. I looked up and she had 
tilted her head back. I could tell that she was really enjoying this. I slid two 
fingers into her pussy and began to rub her clit with my thumb. She began to 
moan and I began to think that I might be able to get away with using my hands 
and not my mouth. After about a minute, she lifted her leg, placed it on my 
shoulder, and pushed me away from her. "Stand up and turn around" she commanded. 
I did as I was told. I heard as I felt something metal clasp around my 
right wrist. Before I could react, she had pulled both wrists behind my back and 
I felt the same clasp around my left wrist. I immediately knew that she had just 
locked me in handcuffs. "You were cheating" she said smugly. "You know that you 
are to service me with your tongue, and you were trying to get away with not 
doing it. This is what happens to bad little slave - they get handcuffed. Get 
back down on your knees and put your tongue where your thumb was. NOW!" she 
demanded. Slowly, I lowered myself in between her legs and began to kiss her 
thighs again. "I'm getting impatient..." she said, almost singing it. I knew 
what she meant; I knew that I could stall no longer.

I took a deep breath, closed my eyes, and tried to kiss her clit, but I just 
couldn't bring myself to do it. "Please do't make mmmmphhhh!" I sobbed as she 
grabbed my hair with both hands and forced my mouth onto her waiting cunt. I 
closed my lips tightly but I could feel the wetness of her cunt against my lips 
and face. My nose was buried deeply into her thick mound of pubic hair. "LICK!" 
she commanded. My first impulse was to bite her hard, but I thought about my 
situation and decided that it would be a mistake. I was terrified. I couldn't 
believe what was happening. I felt like I was going to throw up. "LICK!" she 
again ordered, this time pulling my hair so hard that I wanted to scream out in 
pain. I had no choice but to do as I was told. I opened my mouth, put my lips 
around her clit and began to lick her with my tongue.

Ugh, I hated the taste of her cunt. She began to moan loudly. "FASTER!" she 
commanded. I rubbed my tongue up and down her clit as quickly as I could. Her 
grip on my hair eased up slightly but I continued to lick furiously because I 
was afraid of what she would do if I stopped. I tried to think of something else 
- warm beaches, shopping, anything - but all I could think about was the fact 
that I was being forced to lick another woman's pussy. I wished more than 
anything that I hadn't had the affair with Bill. All the times he fucked me were 
not worth even one second of being forced to eat Sonja's pussy, and I feared 
that this was only the first of many, many times. After twenty minutes of sheer 
hell, I could tell that Sonja was getting close to having an orgasm.

"Thank God" I thought to myself, "This will all be over soon". As I continued 
to lick, she began to moan louder, and then to scream. She forced my mouth onto 
her crotch even harder and began to grind her pussy up and down my mouth as she 
screamed "Oh God! I'm going to cum! Make me cum you little whore!" Her legs 
began to quiver violently and I could tell that she was beginning to orgasm. 
Then, I felt something warm and wet squirt out all over my chin and neck. Her 
entire body went into convulsions and she screamed "Oh God yes! Oh God yes! Oh 
God yes!" Next, she pulled my mouth away from her pussy but forced my face onto 
her pussy and rubbed her pussy all over it, covering my face with her wetness.

Next, she forced my nose deep into her slit and held me there while she 
recovered from her orgasm. As I knelt there with my nose inside her pussy, 
waiting obediently for her to allow me to pull my head away, I felt more 
humiliated than I ever had in my entire life. After a minute, she looked down at 
me and said "That was barely acceptable, but I will let it slide because it was 
your first time. You had better learn quick how to do a better job or you will 
never feel your nasty little pussy again. Look at the mess you've made. You let 
my cum get all over my legs and ass. Lick me clean." The warmth that I had felt 
squirt against my chin when she came was actually ejaculation. I had heard that 
some women did actually ejaculate when they came, but I didn't think it was 
true. The fluid was thicker and had a much stronger taste and smell than her 
regular juices - and there was a lot of it, at least as much as any man I had 
blown.

Already defeated, I swallowed hard and did as I was told. I licked all the 
juices off her thighs, and then off her ass; taking care not to lick her anus. 
"You missed a spot" she purred, as she pushed my head down to her asshole. I 
licked the juice off her anus. "Very good, my slave", now swallow" she ordered 
as she lifted my head from between her thighs. I swallowed her cum as I was told 
to do. "Just think, one down, One thousand nine hundred ninety nine to go" she 
said with a wicked smile. I cried as she got up and put on her coat. She walked 
over and unlocked the handcuffs and put them in the pocket of her coat.

"Please, please, I'm begging you, please release me from this belt. I promise 
that what happened with Bill will never, ever happen again. Just please, set me 
free" I sobbed. "You're right, it will never happen again. You made your own 
bed, you little slut, when you fucked my husband. Now you're going to lay in it 
whether you want to or not. Expect to do this all again tomorrow" she said as 
she walked out the door.

I ran to the door and locked it, and then ran to the bathroom. I brushed my 
teeth for ten minutes, then jumped in the shower and held my face under the 
scalding hot water until I couldn't stand it anymore. I scrubbed and scrubbed to 
try to get her juices off of me, but I just couldn't seem to scrub enough to 
feel clean. After about an hour in the shower, I dried off and went to bed. This 
had been the worst day of my entire life, but I feared that it was only one of 
many, many to come. I knew that Sonja would expect the same thing the following 
evening.

My clit ached to be touched the way that I had touched Sonja's earlier, but I 
feared that it would be a long, long time before Sonja would let me have an 
orgasm. I cried myself to sleep, wondering how I was going to bring myself to do 
it all again the next evening.



Please write me at seething@nym.alias.net if you have  comments or would like me
to continue this story. If you are a female and this  story excited you, I would
love to hear from you. No spam please.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Seething


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





