BDSM Library - The Tour




The Tour
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Master and his slave went to a slave house and had a pleasant trip around the house and enjoyed the service provided by slavegirls.
The Tour

by Traveller
mindtrvler@webtv.net




The Tour

by Traveller
mindtrvler@webtv.net

Part 1

It was a long trip from home to down near Bisbee. Long roads, dusty and
lonesome. The last hundred miles made ann very nervous and rigidity. Even with 
the air conditioning on high her bare ass perspired on the vinyl seat.

I enjoyed looking over and watching my submissive woman squirm. Her perky
nipples looked like they were going to punch right through the thin cotton top
she wore above a tight short skirt. When we were out on the open highway I had
her pull the top up over her pert tits and cup her breasts for me. Of course the
truckers got a good look. One trucker stayed next to us for a good 25 miles. I
had my pretty ann turn and  give him an extra look. Her skin flushed red with
humiliation. She still was not used to exhibiting herself, and I had hoped she
never would.

We were escorted into the gate house by a uniformed guard. ann a pace  or two
behind me. Inside waiting for us was a casually dressed young man and to my
surprised an attractive redheaded woman. She wore a string bikini, more string
that bikini, and a thick tan leather collar. She stood near the back door, her
arms behind her back and her head bowed.

The normal introductions were made and I was handed a cool drink by the guard,
hell it was at least 85 degrees outside. A cool AZ day. ann  stood behind me,
ignored until the gentleman asked about her.  I told him how long I owned her
and how much training she had.  He directed me to a chair and asked " May I?"

At his direction slave ann stepped forward. She shook even though it was warm
in the gate house.

The guide, looked her over. My lovely ann stood 5'6", auburn hair. She is of
medium build, as I like a little meat to hang on to. her 30 year old breasts
were firm and more than adequate for any think required of them.

"Strip, slut!" he ordered. She glanced at me, seeing that I was not about to
interfere, she reached down and pulled her shirt off. Then without hesitation
pulled her skirt over her fine hips, revealing that her pussy was bare of
all hair. Her final act was to kick off her 5 inch heals. "Does she know how to
display herself?" he asked me.

Taking the hint, ann spread her legs wide and put her hands behind her head. The
guide circled her, touching her tight ass and firm breasts as they came bear.

With a nod from the guide the guard fixed a black leather collar around my
slave's neck and let a leash dangle between her tits. Turning to me the guide
said" shall we be off?"  I proceeded him out the door. When we reached the Golf
Cart I turned to check on ann. To my pleasure, she had done her heels and was
being lead by the leash to the cart by the bikini slave. I sat on the passenger
side. Both females sat on the back of the cart with their backs to us.

We drove down hot black top road to the main compound. The guide explained "
This was a health resort in the 50s. The mineral springs brought lots of folks
here for the baths. It fell on bad times and was closed for 10 years before we
bought it and renovated it. As you know we still open it to the general public
from October to April. That pays the bills so we can have it open to our members
the rest of the year for a minimal cost."  He explained the layout and some of
the activities as the large main house appeared in the near distance.

My attention was diverted. Approaching us was a naked running woman. A slave as
it became apparent. As she drew closer I saw the sweat poring off her and a look
of pain in her face. Her tits bounced in time with her steps. She was encouraged
on by a dressed woman on a 4 wheeler riding beside her. Every so often the
bathing suited woman would painfully strike the slave in the ass or thigh with a
bamboo cane. She nodded politely at us as we passed then raised the weapon and
Swatted her slave hard on the ass.

The guide explained that she was a guest and that was one of the ways she liked
to punish her slave for being lazy. He chuckled when he told me that the slut
had better keep moving lest the asphalt burn the hell out of her feet.

We pulled up to the main house. Southwestern as befits the area. We were met by
another woman dressed, sort of, in a bikini. She greeted us with head bowed and
held the door open. Noticing my puzzlement the guide said that these were
submissive women who were paid to work there. Mostly just maid duties but they
could participate if they wanted. In the evening they dressed in abbreviated
maid uniforms, a little more formal.

I was already having trouble keeping my hard-on under control from seeing my
naked slave lead around by a woman, when we entered the house I really had a
problem. Not only were there several more half naked maids, many very well
endowed but slave flesh was almost everywhere. Right off I was introduced to a
man in his 50s dressed in tennis clothes. Behind him carrying his racket was a
small dark haired slavegirl. Naked but for polished steel collar and cuffs. A
thin leash ran from the mans hand to two nipples clamps. For a girl of 5'2" her
breasts were huge. The clamps appeared very tight on each bud. When we parted
the man yanked hard on the leash, a painful look shot into the slave's face.

A well dressed woman was sitting in the lobby. She was introduced to me as Jean.
As we spoke an oriental girl with her hands cuffed behind her continued to
give the woman's feet an expert tongue bath. It was hard for me to look at Jean,
my eyes wondered to the slave as she kissed the  Mistresses foot. She licked the
top of the woman's foot then worked her way around the instep eventually taking
the big toe in her mouth and sucking it like a small cock. Jean glanced down at
the girl as she told me that if I wanted the same treatment I was welcome to the
slut.  The slave moved her tongue between the Domme's toes. This pleased the
woman as it tickles slightly. Jean said that this was not her property but a
house whore. I told her that I had hoped my slave would be, if accepted. Jean
gave ann a long stare and nodded her approval.

The guide told me that my baggage was being delivered to the room and if I
wanted to go and rest. I was too excited and requested that we continued. He
agreed. On problem, though, I had to pee. He directed me to a common toilet off
the lobby. I entered the small facility with the maid leading ann behind me.

I stopped for a moment when I saw a blond slave. There was a full size urinal, a
slave was chained on her knees in it. A chain ran from each side of her collar
to the wall on each side of the urinal. Her legs were also chained to each
side. Her wrists were connected by a split chain to her collar allowing limited
movement. She had short hair and blue eyes.

The maid noted my hesitation." Sir, she will service your needs unless you wish
your slave?"

I stared at the piss slave and motioned for ann. She also risked punishment and
stared at the slave. ann knelt in front of me and gentle unzipped my fly and
pulled out my half hard cock. I turned toward the bound blonde, ann held my cock
and with some effort, I let loose a stream of golden piss.  ann directed the
flow to the blonde's pretty tits. As the hot fluid hit the slave's flesh I heard
her moan in pleasure. Looking down the piss slave pushed her breasts out to
catch the stream, she moved them back and forth trying to cover them with my
pee.  I felt ann's hand tremble, I knew she feared that that would be one of her
fates. She was correct. ann moved my cock until the pee was hitting the slave's
stomach. It flowed down her slut body and over her shaved cunt into the urinal.
Another low moan escaped her lips and an erotic "Thank you Master" rolled off
her tongue.

ann's hand felt good on my sensitive cock. I only hoped I could keep my hard-on
away until I finished. ann brought the stream back up to the  piss slave's tits.
The blonde was well trained as she kept her hands lifted as not to interfere
with my pleasure.

I finally finished. ann was shaking the last drops off when the slave asked"
Sir, please let this slut clean you wonderful cock, please?" ann waited for my
signal, it was usually her job. She pointed my, now growing cock up to the
slave's face. The piss slave took me into her wet mouth. She was well trained
as she sucked and moved her tongue over my flesh. She sucked me in deep trying
to clean every inch. In a micro second my cock was a rock.  As the slave sucked
ann caressed my aching balls. I started fucking the sluts face. "Ann, ass!" I
ordered Quickly with lust my sub moved in back of me. She undid my pants and
with them around my ankles and my cock in a strange slave's mouth, ann spread my
ass cheeks and started working her talented tongue around my sensitive asshole.
Now it was time for me to moan in pleasure. ann circled my hole with  her tongue
then stopped and lapped it. The roughness of her tongue sent waves into my body.

I fucked the piss slave's mouth faster and faster. It was hard for my slut to
keep up but she loves licking ass and has had much practice so she did well.

I looked over at the maid almost as a second though. She was standing with her
legs wide and her fingers in her pussy.

That was it, I blew my wade deep in the piss slave's throat. She sucked hard
when she felt me cum, not wanting to miss a drop. ann felt it too and buried her
face in my ass and lapped at my hole until I pulled out from the wonderful
mouth.

ann dressed me and we left as we came. The piss slave whimpered, she wanted to
cum. She hung in her bonds waiting her next user.

I was met by the guide in the lobby and he asked if I was pleased? Hell yea! I
told him that if he wanted he could take my slave and test her for what ever use
she could be. That would allow me unrestricted use of the Spa.

He motioned to the maid, and without any wasted emotion she lead poor ann away.
The guide and I continued.

We passed two women, on rather plump, polishing some furniture, they wore thick
leather and metal chastity belts. The guide told me that they were only special
usage slave's. There owner's left them for one reason or another, under the
Spa's care but did not want them used sexually. They were used as household help
and bondage sluts for punishment or other fetish use.

We entered the barn that was converted as Pleasure Dungeons, as the guide called
it. Numerous rooms for where a Master or Mistress could take their subs and use
them in bondage or punishment.

We walked the hall until we came to a room marked "Open for Viewing".

In this bondage room was a half naked, rotund middle age man, he was in the
process of enjoying himself with a rather voluptuous, slavegirl. She was bent
over a padded wooden bondage pony. Her legs were spread wide to each leg of the
pony and were secured there by chains to her metal cuffs. This opened her ass
and cunt to total view and use. The slut's arms were pulled behind her and her
wrists were cuffed together. A chain pulled her wrist up to the ceiling, making
her big tits hang open on  the other side of the device. Her hair was pulled
back and French braided to allow easy access to her face.

The heavy sadist took his time in choosing his next device. He strutted around
to the slave's face. Taking a minute he pawed her big tits with his burly hands.
Squeezing them and pulling them. The slave tried to take the the abuse, but when
he slapped them back and forth twice she let out a pitiful groan. The man
smiled. Keeping that evil smile he circled each breast with a leather strap.
Then with a "Like this Bitch" he tightened each down and secured the loop with
Velcro. The slave gritted her teeth. Her tits were crushed and tied. Grabbing
each hard nipple he asked her if she liked it. The slave weakly told him she
did. If you felt her cunt you would know that she did like it!

He pulled his short hard cock from his shorts and pushed it to her face. The
slave opened her mouth and took the slimy meat in. "Suck it you whore bitch!"
He barked.

She had to tilt her head to suck his cock and miss his belly. You could see the
happy look on his face as she serviced him. He moved his hips like I did as I
face fucked that piss slave.

I was hard again, not from him but that bound creature and her tortured tits.

The man pulled away. From a near rack he pulled some mean looking clips.
Squatting down he pinched an worked her nipples to their full length. Then he
attached the clips, tightly. To each clip he slowly hung lead weights. First
one then another. He rubbed each breast after each weight. The poor slave's tits
were pulled painfully towards the floor. After the third weight, the slave
thrashed her head back and forth with each groan and moan.

When he thought she had enough he gave each breast a painful pinch and walked
around to her open ass. Giving it a hard slap he asked " My little pain whore
want more?" Her trained answer was "Yes Sir, please more, use me please!!!"

While he pushed two fingers in the slut's soaked cunt, he reached for a couple
of more clamps with his free hand. The cruel man slowly tightened a clamp down
on each naked pussy lip.  The last several turns of each caused the slave to
involuntarily, push herself into the pony. He liked her reaction to the pain.
Each time he slapped her ample ass. The last clamp went on her hard clit.  He
took his time in turning the screw. watching her reaction with each pain filled
moment. He would stop and probe her cunt then resume his torment of the bound
bitch.

Standing and pleased with himself he turned to us and gave a quick wave.

He went around to the other side of the bound woman, were we could not see and
to my surprise lead a small older woman out by a leash. She crawled, heeling to
him. She was slender about 50 with shore gray hair. Firm body and rather
attractive from what I could see. The guide leaned over to me and whispered that
that was his wife.

She wore a very wide white collar and cuffs. He directed her in back of the pain
whore. Slapping the whore's ass, like one directs a dog to a couch, he directed
his wife. Without hesitation she dove into the slave's asshole. Licking and
sucking it as her husband watched and played with his cock. The wife, licked the
slave's asshole, and dug her tongue into it as far as she could, leaving as much
saliva as possible. Pain whore moaned in pleasure from the humiliating act that
the woman was performing on her.

He was obviously ready as he pulled his wife away by her hair. Lifting his belly
he rammed his cock into the bound slut with one thrust! A sharp yelp came from
the slut as her head flew up. Grabbing her waist, he fucked the house whore in
the ass, hard and fast. His wife knelt submissively next to him as he fucked the
stranger. Her head bowed in shame, her cunt wet from it.

With a mighty grunt the man shot his load into his victim's ass. Grinding his
body to hers, forcing her tortured tits to swing painfully in the air he came
hard.

Pulling his cock from the slut he turned to his wife, obediently she gently
took the member and lifted her head to it. Taking it in her mouth she sucked and
cleaned his ass tasking pecker. Greedily she licked every inch of it, even his
balls.

" Now slut, clean out this slave's asshole. Do not miss a drop, and I might let
you fuck yourself with your dildo tonight." he told his wife as he sat to watch
her again humiliate herself.

The woman crawled over to the slave, and did as she was told. Licking out her
husband's cum from the younger woman's ass. She just wanted to come!

MORE CHAPTERS TO CUM. WRITE ME AND LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU LIKE ABOUT THE STORY> I
WILL LET YOU KNOW WHERE YOU CAN FIND MY OTHER SERIES
I WILL LET YOU KNOW WHERE YOU CAN FIND THE REST OF THIS AND MANY MORE
STORIES> I HAVE ANOTHER ONE GOING "THE RETURN"
THEY ARE ON A GREAT FREE SITE> 
STAND BY FOR MORE PARTS> A BIT HEAVIER! No spell check for this long of
a story so wing it.





The Tour

Part 3

While her Owner had been enjoying the pleasures of he Spa, poor ann was
being prepared for her service.
Immediately when he turned her over to the staff, cute an was taken to a
barn set apart from the rest of the buildings. 
Without a word of explanation she was pushed into a small room. The room
was totally stone, the floor and walls and the door was metal. The naked
slave shook nervously. It was not from cold as the room was very warm.
She felt around in the darkness for a moment and then leaning on the
wall she sat.

It was over an hour before the door opened, blinding her. Two women
entered quickly and leashed the startled girl, then pulled her behind
them into the  hall. The  women were dressed in jean, halter tops and
cowboy boots. 

They stopped in front of a door marked 
" Infirmary" . It was answered by a woman in a white coat. ann was
pulled inside and pushed to her knees. There was a man sitting at a
desk, also in a white coat. He turned to the woman, " This is rather
nice, her Owner had all the proper health certificates and tests done,
we will just clean her out and give her a quick check. No quarantine
needed." 
The woman agreed and motioned for the attendants to remove ann. She was
roughly pulled to her feet and taken into the next room. This room
amazed the little slave. All bright stainless steel, one area had an
examination table and some cabinettes, but most of the room seem
dedicated to hoses and shower equipment. ann noticed a tall naked woman
fiddling with some of the equipment, when she turned her slave collar
and cuffs became visable. 

"Do you have to pee, SLUT!" barked one of the attendants. ann meekly
answered that she had to badly. With a sharp tug on the leash the
attendant pulled her behind a metal partition. 

There, strapped to a rail, about 6 inches wide and a foot from the floor
was an oriental slave. She was bound to the rail by several straps,
across her shoulders, above and below her tits, across her pelvis, her
knees and ankles. Her head was keep in place with a strap across her
forehead.

ann was made to strattle the slave's chest and pushed to a squat. With a
slight accent ann heard the oriental beg,
" Please piss on this slave, i have been bad and must be punished.
Please ma'am pee on me."

The attendent noticed ann's hesitation.
"Do it or it could be you!"

ann let loose her stream of piss onto the tits of the bound slave. The
yellow liquid spashed over the tight chest and nipples.
Although she tried to avoid it she felt compeled to glance down at the
tormented slave. Her eyes were closed but a small smile flashed onto her
lips. 
The slave felt the warm pee on her chest and the hot juices flow between
her legs. 
Not much of a punishment.

When ann was finished she was moved to the slave's head. Squating down
the bound bitch licked ann's pussy clean.

ann was then taken across the room. The attendants, bent the slave over
a cold smooth stainless steel bar. Her ankles were cuffed very wide
appart to rings in the floor. Her head was pulled lower than her tight
ass. ann was ordered to cross her wrists behind her back, she obeyed
thinking that they would be bound. Instead tight clamps were fixed to
each hanging nipple. Strong chains ran from the clamps to the floor,
keeping the slave bent over.
"These will keep you in position, bitch! Keep your wrists crossed at all
times or you will be punished!" ordered the attendant as both of them
stepped back.

The tall slave moved into position in back of ann. Without a word an
felt the large plug pressing into her open wet cunt.
It was very wide and a shot of pain engulfed ann as it was pushed slowly
into her. ann, through training and fear, kept her mouth shut, and just
moaned as it was seated by the slave.

Next came the worst, the slave slowly worked a matching plug, up ann's
asshole. Oh yes, ann was trained anally but even with that the intrusion
was painful. The slave was as gentle as she could be but 
she had to get it in the new slut or she would take her place, or worse.
ann felt the thin part of the plug push passed her muscles and he ass
close in on it. 

The tall slave quickly went about her duties. In real life, she is a
nurse, her Master owns a car dealership. He has used her to close
several deal, ordering her to blow a client or two. She attached a tube
to each plug then started the water.

ann fought the urge to panic as she felt both holes start to fill with
fluid. Her owner was not into this sort of thing.
The fluid to her cunt started to flow out around the plug, but her bowel
filled slowly. As the pain started ann let out a low moan and closed her
eyes tight.
The slave turned off the water to ann's ass but keep the douche going. 

ann had no concept of time but it seemed like hours before she felt the
hands of the unseen nurse slave again. She pulled the plug out of ann's
cunt,letting the remaining water drain to the floor. She then went
around to ann's head and reached down, releasing the painful nipple
clamps. As she stood before ann, the bound slave noticed a small tatoo
just above her shaved cunt. It was crossed whips and said "Cocksucking
whore".

Ann was raised up, still leaning on the bar with her legs chained. The
nurse slave then pulled out the butt plug, letting all the ugly shit
drain to the metal floor. ann's eyes teared with the relief. A blast of
cold water scared the slave. The nurse was washing her and cleaning away
the mess.

When the floor was clean the attendents returned. ann was taken back to
the other room where she was given a pelvic and anal exam. When she
passed the attendents took her to another room where they riveted on her
Spa whore collar and cuffs. The attendents then perfumed her and fixed
her makeup. 
ann was then returned to the stone holding cell. But before they left,
the attendents made ann kneel before them and kiss each boot, thanking
them for their attention and help in making her a true whore.

Ann's owner strolled into dinner with Mr. Pearson and their slaves in
tow. The room had been rearranged. The buffet was gone. Instead there
was a heavy table in the center of the room. It was adorned with flowers
and fruit. In the center of the table, was afixed a low pillory. In it's
grasp was a chunky buxom slut. On her knees her head and wrists were
clamped in the wooden device. her big tits dangled low under her. They
touched a small shelf, which was covered with rought grit sandpaper.
Behind her knelt slim redhead. Her hair in pulled to the top of her head
and in turn tied to a chain that ran to the ceiling. Each of her nipples
were pierced with large gold rings and to each ring a heavy lead weight
was attached. Lower yet was a harness. 

According to the small flyer found on each table the harness had two
dildos protruding from it and two attached inside. The ones inside
stimulated the wearer as she used the two outside to push deep into her
victim's ass and cunt. The redhead has not been allowed to orgasm for 10
days althought she had been forced to engage in numerous activities that
constantly stimulated her submissive labido. Now she had the opportunity
to cum all she wanted! She was allowed to fuck the buxom bitch hard and
long in the ass and cunt for the entire dinner hour.
Of course the big tited slave was denied any physical pleasure, or at
least she may not show it.

Red had just shoved the rubber rods into the other slave's holes when
ann's owner sat down. The attending Mistress, struck red's ass with a
crop as a starting signal.
Her first thrust was hard and deep. The bound bitch grunted. Red needed
the release, she fucked hard and fast. With each thrust, the buxom
bitch's tits, swayed painfully over the cruel sand paper. Ten or twelve
thrusts had tears in her eyes but hot juices flowing from her cunt. What
had not been seen but was announced by the Mistress is a last minute
change. Hard rubber spikes where added to the front of the dildo
harness.
With each push not only did the bitch's tits suffer but each spike shot
painfull into her chunky ass. 

Each man gave his slave his food order. As they scurried away to the
kitchen, red announce "Mistresssss I'mm Cummminng!"

Small applause came fromt he dinners. 
The Mistress reached up and stuck red's ass with the crop, she was
slowing after her orgasm. One Woman stopped on the way to her table to
watch the anguish on the tortured slave's face. 

Red grabbed the slave's hips and shoved her pelvis hard, making her own
dildos go deep into her holes. 

The Mistress turned her attention to the buxom bitch, slapping her
hanging and sandpapered tits with her crop.

During a lull in the conversation with Pearson the Owner noticed that
along the wall by the door were several slaves. Some had their hands
cuffed behind them some were just crossed. Each had their nipples
clamped with a chain running from each nipple. In each case the chain
was pulled up tightly and looped over a hook on the wall. Some of the
slaves were trying stand on their toes as each had their tits pulled up
extremely high. One black girl with big tits, bounce and moved every
second. The weight of her tits obviously caused her great discomfort.

As the dinner progessed and people migrated out, some would stop by the
center table to gawk or get a piece of fruit.
Several reached up, taking the tortured slave's tit and lifting it up to
see how red an raw it was getting. The Mistress enjoyed this sight as
more torment was caused by the reseating of the breast on the shelf.

ann's owner's thoughts briefly strayed to her as he reached down and
stroked big tits' breasts.

I HAD HOPED TO MAKE THIS LONGER BUT I AM OUT OF TIME> COMMENTS AND IDEAS
WELCOME> EMAIL AND I WILL TELL YOU WHERE TO FIND THE THE REST OF THE
SERIES AND EVEN BETTER STORIES





The Tour

Part 4


Her owner was having a grand ole time as ann knelt before a big wooden
desk. Leashed from her stone cell the pretty sub was pushed into this
office and without a word forced to her knees.

Behind the desk sat a tall attractive middle aged woman. She would
appear to be all business, a gray suit, her blonde hair pulled up and
glasses. She ignored poor ann as she went about answering the phone and
typing on her computer. All of a sudden the blonde barked " Slut! are
you hungry?"
ann with her head to the floor, and unable to see up or over the desk,
jumped and too the air answered "Yes Mistress".

ann was ordered to crawl around the desk. On her hands and knees she
crawled as ordered, humilliating in front of people she did not know and
feared. 
As she rounded the desk toward where the woman was sitting she noticed
near the wall, two metal bowls. One had black letters embossed on it,
the crawling slave read the words" ann 3 whore".

The woman turned to ann and told her that she must convice her that she
was hungry. Some what trained the lovely slut begged the woman to let
her eat and that she would do anything to please her. 
After a few minutes of leading the slut on the blonde pushed out one of
her black and gray pumps. "Show me slut!" she said.

The groveling slave bent over and placed a kiss on the toe of the shoe,
" Mistress, Please may this worthless slave eat." she begged. Another
kiss this time with her tongue like she kissed her lover. She begged
again. ann then started to lick the shoe of her dominant. Her talented
tongue danced over the toe, up the top and down the instep. Yes, she
knew how to obey. 
The slave worked her lips and tongue over the leather, begging for food
and offering to please the woman in any way. 

The blonde just sat back and watched and evaluated, ann's testing had
begun. 

Small kisses followed by a lap of her tongue, careesed the two tone
shoe. 
When she though that the leather was clean the blonde switched shoes.
ann moaned in frustration. She was hungry and angry with herself as she
felt her shaved cunt start to leak onto her thigh.

As she cleaned the shoe of the woman who would torment her that night,
ann thought of the bowl of food and how her Owner had threatened to get
one many times.

ann was licking the thin heel of the last shoe when the blonde pulled it
away and told her she could eat, "Like a bitch in heat!" she said. No
hands of course.
ann thanked the woman many times and crawled over to the bowl. The woman
chuckled to herself as ann leaned over and sniffed the contents of the
bowl with her name on it. It was half a can of cold beef stew. As the
slave whore put her face in the bowl the Mistress remined her to lick
the bowl clean.

The blonde stared at the lovely up turned ass and wondered how much
punishment it would be able to take?

ann had just finished licking the last of her meal from the cold metal
and taken a drink of luke warm water when the blonde domme, logged off
her computer and slapped the desk " Another day done, slut, time for
some fun". 
That sent a shiver through ann. The blonde through a towel at the bitch
and ordered her to clean up and becareful not to ruin her make up. 

The blonde pulled the slave to her feet and ordered her to display
herself. The only was ann knew how was the way her Owner liked it, she
hoped it would please the domme. She put her hands under each firm tit
and pushed them up, at the same time she spread her legs as wide as she
could without falling over!

The blonde put her finger under the slave's chin and brought her head up
so she could look into her eyes. Staring for a moment the blonde removed
her hand and stepped away. ann kept her face up and watched as the
Mistress removed her jacket to reveal a thin white blouse. ann's eyes
grew wide, the blouse hide little of the blonde's huge firm tits.
A shudder coursed through the slave as the blonde,towering over her,
walked around her back. The aroma of the domme's perfume encase ann. She
felt the cloth of the blouse with the firm nipples, brush her shoulder,
then the soft long fingers of the Mistress, run across her neck, over
her shoulders, and surround her tits. ann dropped her hands to her side
as the blonde carressed the soft flesh. The slave closed her eyes as th
blonde ran her fingers down the firm tits and pinched each hard nipple!
In a soft voice the blonde asked " Is my little spa whore excited?"
Swallowing hard ann choked an answer
" YYess Mistress, this whore is excited".

Slave ann stood for 15 minutes as the blonde explored her body. She ran
her hands up and down ann's back, over he stomach then down to her bare
cunt.
Pushing the slave over and ordering her to put he hands on her knees,
the sadistic woman deeply probed the slut's soaking wet hole.

When she was satisfied, the blonde quick stepped around the bent slave,
grabbed her leash and jerked her out of the office.
ann had a hard time keeping up with the long legged creature in the tall
heels as she was lead down the hall. 

A door marked "Testing" was flug open by the domme. Before she was taken
to a corner and her leash attached to a hook in the wall, ann notice the
room filled with numrous erotic items. Dildos lined one wall, a thick
pole in the middle of the room with chains hanging from it, whips and
various leather items hung on another wall. ann kept he submissive
posture as the blonde disappeared from sight. The slave did hear the
voice of another person speaking with the domme, but the spoke in low
tones so the slave could not hear.

A few moments later the blonde stood over the kneeling sub, grabbing the
slave's hair she pulled her head up allowing ann to see her tormentor.
ann look up the long legs of the blonde. Now without the skirt and
blouse, ann could see the trimmed blonde pubic hair, and the very large
firm tits that were hidden from her earlier. 

Something snapped in the slave, her cunt twitched violently, her skin
flushed, she was so attracted to the woman it made her mind swirl. ann
had always been bi-curious, her only two experiances were ordered by her
owner. He gave her for a week to his rather "dykie" cousin. ann served
and serviced her. The other was a one night stand with a dancer in Vegas
and her owner. But now she was just turned on!!

While pulling ann to her feet the blonde asked " Are you ready to be
tested, bitch?"

Breathlessly the slave answered "Yess Mistress please use me!".

The slave was pulled to the center of the room. The Mistress' heels
clacked on the floor as she lead the slut into the unknown.

They passed another slave. She was almost as tall as the Mistress with
slightly smaller build and tits. Her red hair was in a long french
braid. She looked about 20. Her head was encased in leather straps, the
ran over the top of her head, split above her nose attached to other
straps at her cheeks and chin. They held in a cock shaped gag, keeping
the slave silent and attentive. Around the slave's waist went a metal
band. It was locked to another band that went through the sluts legs,
covering her cunt and ass. Her cunt was empty but the band held a thick
8 inch dildo deep up her rear hole. She was fiddling with some video
equipment. As the nurse, this slave had a real life, a film student at
the University of Arizona. One of her professor's was her Owner and a
spa member. She was not a spa whore, thus the reason for the chastity
belt.

Too one side of the room ann also caught a glimps of a black man,
sitting on a large straight backed armed chair. She noticed that he was
black as any person she had ever seen, the color of his skin was
accented by the red silk robe he wore.

The Mistress positioned the slave before a flat vertical board. Sticking
out from the board was a long fat dildo. It was about at ann's face
level. The woman grabbed the slave's wrists and pulled them behind her
attaching the cuffs together.

Suddenly ann's ass shot with pain. The blonde had stuck her with a horse
hair whip! Again she struck, ann gritted her teeth. Something inside
made he want this woman to use her in any way.

"SUCK THAT COCK, YOU FUCKING WORTHLESS CUNT!! spat the blonde.

Without hesitation ann opened her mouth wide and sucked in the head of
the big rubber dick. WHACK! went the whip across the slave's left thigh.
She keep trying to take more in her petite mouth!!
She cold deep throat her owner but this was huge. WHACK again went the
whip.
A tear left the slave's eye. Another strike of the course whip and an
order to suck harder, like a real cock!!!

The blonde watched the slave's mouth stretch over the hard rubber cock,
evaluating her like a hundred others.
When ann's sucking slowed the blonde raised the whip and struck a blow
on her firm ass. The blonde enjoyed the loud moan that escaped the
slave's lips on the tenth blow. Several tears fell on her tits while her
head bobbed in the practice blow job. 

How degrading, the did not even feel she was good enough to suck a man
or even a rubber man, just a cock on a plank!

ann felt a light hit her face, out of the corner of her eye she saw the
tall redhead behind a video camera. Every degrading moment was recorded
for her Master and finally sale!

The saliva dripped form the cock as the slave kept up her sucking and
licking. The Mistress grabbed her head again and push poor ann roughly
down on the cock, forcing it deep into her throat, causing her to choke
and gag. Just when she though she was going to pass out the woman pulled
her off and pushed her to the floor.
The slave landed on her side and searched for breath. A foot pushed her
to her stomach. The woman then kicked the slut's legs wide apart. ann
knew better that to close them.
Standing between the slave's legs the blonde put her toe on her lower
back, then slowly pressed her heel into ann's open asshole. "TAKE IT
BITCH!" barked the Mistress as the first inch disappeared into the
slave's body. A second inch followed then a third. ann shook, she wanted
it. 
The woman knew that ann was hers.

Pulling the heel out of the slut's rear, the blonde pulled her to her
knees. She was facing the man. He was staring at her and rubbing his
crotch.

The woman tugged and pulled on ann's hard nipples. She then attached a
cruel toothed clamp to each. From there a leather strap went from each
to a center ring. 

The woman hung a strange rope infront of the slave. "This is made of
hemp and horse hair, feel how rough it is," she ran the tough rope over
the slave's tits. It scratched and poked her flesh.

The blonde attached on end to the leather nipple straps and ran it
through the slave's legs. With only limited pressure it was very
uncomfortable for ann.

"If you fail to perform to my satisfaction, I will yank this rope, you
see your tits will be pulled and of course your clit and tender insides
will be tortured!" with that the blonde pulled up the rope, it caused
ann the torment as advertised!

The blonde released the slave's wrists and with a blow from the whip,
she was ordered to crawl over to the black man.

The woman kept tension on the rope as the slut crawled like a bitch to
the feet of the man. ann had a fear of black men. It came from her
racist father. She did not have his views but it instilled fear in her. 
They did not know about this, it was just part of the testing.

As she was ordered, ann bowed her head and gently kissed the man's foot.
Several kisses were give each black foot by this white scared slave. She
kissed and ask how she might serve him. The woman order her to lick his
feet and beg harder.
ann extended her tongue and gently licked the top of the Master's foot.
Small licks like a toy poodle. She licked in an orderly fashion, across
the top then to the instep then to the ankle, stopping every few moments
to beg to be allowed to, suck his cock, lick his ass and other degrading
acts that the woman could think of. 

All this was filmed by the redhead. Close ups of her tongue doing it's
work on the man's feet. It would be edited to look like ann was whole
sincere in her pleadings.

The woman tugged on the rope " Clean between his toes!"

ann moved down from his ankle to his toes. Taking each in turn she
plunged her tongue between them, as she moved from toe to toe she licked
the tops and nails. 

The woman nodded at her black partner when she saw how wet the rope and
ann's inner thighs were.

ann was pulled up on her knees by the blonde. She was told to watch as
the grinning black man pulled his robe open to reveal his half hard
cock. ann gave a silent gasp at the size. It was at least 10 inches and
as thick as her owner's.
He flopped it back on his stomach and moved to the edge of the big
chair.

The blonde pulled hard on the rope, it dug deep into the slave's naked
pussy, chafing her clit and pulled painfully on her nipples.
"Get in there and lick his ass! Get Master James hard so you can suck
him off!"

ann move forward to preform the most degrading act, at least to her,
that she had ever done. 

He moaned as her tongue touched his sensitive asshole. His heavy balls
road on her nose and forehead as she dug deep inbetween his cheeks. With
his legs over the arms of the chair, his black cheeks were spread wide
for the slave to service him. ann licked from his hole to his balls then
back again. She twirled her tongue around the outside of the tight black
pucker, rimming it for minutes at a time. 
The woman no longer had to encourage the slave, she craved the
humiliation and sexual stimulation.

ann rimmed his hole then hardened her wet tongue to push it in the half
inch or so she could. His black meat was now hard as a rock, sticking
straight up.

The blonde gave the slave's red ass several more blows with the whip,
just for fun. The redhead kept filming using a hand held for the close
ups and a fixed for the whole scene.

Again grabbing ann's hair the blonde moved the wanton wench from the
asshole to the big black rod. 

The fucking slave opened her mouth greedily and engulfed the rod. Her
nipples screamed in pain and her cunt juice flowed like never before.

CONTINUED IN PART 5  IF YOU LIKE THE STORY LET ME KNOW> I WILL TELL YOU
WERE YOU CAN GET THE REST AND MANY MORE> FREE OF COURSE> IDEAS WELCOME>
 
 




The Tour

Part 5

Tit tortured slave ann knelt between the black master's legs, sucking
and licking his big dick while her evaluating blonde mistress, ran the
feared horse hair whip over her back.

The horney slave obeyed each of the blonde dommes instructions. She was
told to lick his balls, she licked his balls, take the cock deep in her
throat she happily sucked the black meat deep in her throat. 

Master James, just sat back in the big chair and looked down at the spa
whore.
He would occasionally look up at the tall big tited blonde and grin,
letting her know that the slave was passing his test. 

ann greedily licked each inch of the thick ten inch dick. Licking up one
side then down the other, then around the base then up again, finally
taking the head in her mouth. Inside her stretched mouth the slut danced
her tongue over the senstive flesh as she slowly increased her sucking.

The redhead slave, panned the camera in on ann's pretty face to film the
contrast between the big black cock and ann's white skin. 

ann kept her hands away from the big prick, even though she desperatly
wanted to carress it. As ordered she only used her mouth to please the
feared master. 

As the slave sucked the blonde set up another test. Another way to
degrade and humiliated the pretty slave. 

ann broke sweat, she wanted the hot cum from the big dick. The slut work
hard to please black master but he seem to be able to take her best
cocksucking. Taking each ball in her mouth she ran her tongue slowly
over them, the changed balls and did it all over again. 

Suddenly as she was about to take the hot rod deep in her mouth for the
umteenth time, searing pain shot through her tits.
The blonde had yanked on the course rope, pulling the toothed nipple
clamp and chaffing the slave's wet clit. 
ann was ordered to her feet. The domme moved her over to a padded table
with a studded dildo sticking up close to one edge. With the accent of a
sharp stroke of the whip to ann's thigh, she was ordered to work the
cruel plug up her ass, and make it look like she enjoyed it. With little
hestiation the excited slave backed up to the table and lifted herself
up. The redhead did not miss a moment of the action.

With the heavy rope still hanging from her nipple clamps, slave ann
lowered her asshole on to the tip of the rubber rod.
As it slipped into her tender hole, she thought " Thank god the Mistress
lubed it".
Once she knew that the slave pressed hard to fill her ass. As her muscle
painfully expanded she faked a smile for the camera. Inch by inch the
spiney hard rubber cock disappear. About half way she raised her self up
an inch then back down, the again in an other inch. The slave was
starting to feel the building of an    orgasm! To her frustration she
hit bottom, the whole dick was inside her ass, stretched and aching! ann
had closed her eyes to deal with the combination, pleasure and pain. To
let her know to stay still the blonde yanked on the rope, pulling the
sluts tits down. ann remained still, her ass full, her legs hanging over
the edge.

When she opened her eyes and was taken aback to see Master James
standing in front of her, naked with his 10 inch dick sticking straight
at her slave cunt. Without hesitation he tossed the rope over the
slave's thigh and pressed his cock home into her hot hole. ann moaned
loudly as he easily pushed his meat into her soaking wet hole. She found
her self moaning and begging "FUCK ME MASTER, FUCK THIS SLAVE WITH YOU
BLACK DICK, PLEEASSE!!" Something she never thought she would say.

With her ass full of rubber ann could not move, as he pounded her fuck
hole. Tears started to flow from her eyes ass her first orgasm in days
flooded her being. Double fucked and her craving for humiliation being
satisified she came again, daring not to let her tormenters know. His
big black cock rammed in and out of her wet hole causing her to raise
and lower slightly on the studded dildo.

Close to cumming, James pulled out of the slave, she felt empty and
wanting more and she begged for more.
The blonde pushed the slave to her back, the dildo gave some. As ann lay
back on the table James came around the side. With the blonde rubbing
his balls, the redhead coming in for a close up James jerked his cock
until he unloaded a huge amount of spunk on the hot slave's face.
Stream after stream shot across the lovely girl's face. ann opened her
wanton mouth to catch as much as she could, her tongue sticking out
shamelessly. 

The final drops of cum fell on the slave. He placed his defalting rod on
her mouth and without orders she greedily licked and sucked it clean of
her juice and his sperm.

The blonde pulled ann off the dildo. She was told to kneel and kiss the
Master's feet and thank him for fucking her. This she did readily! Her
heart and soul was in it. When he left, whispering his approval to the
blonde Mistress, ann was ordered to bend over the table and lick the
loose sperm clean from it's leather top. More degrading filming as she
lowered her cum covered face and gracefully licked up all that she could
find. The blonde made sure she did a good job. Then with the cum drying
on her face the blonde pulled ann over to the dildo by the nipple rope.
The slave obeyed the order to clean the cruel studded plug. She licked
the studs and pushed further in licking between them, tasting her own
asshole.

While ann was going through her paces, her owner was enjoying the
pleasures of the house. 
With "big tits" in tow he started to resume his exploration of the Spa.
The blonde slave he had been provided with would answer any questions
and take the place of his earilier guide. 

The southwestern sun was setting and the air was gaining a pleasant
coolness. As he wandered he saw many things that he had only read about. 

A short fat Master lead a slave much taller than he. She was encased in
rubber. Her hair stuck out of the top of the rubber hood like a top
knot. The hood had holes for the slave's nose and a small hole in the
mouth. Her eyes were covered, she must trust her Master and pay
attention to the leash. The suit made her ample breast ride high. The
ends were open exposing only her pierced nipples and these were adorned
with 2 inch rings with little bells hanging from them. The slave walked
gingerly on 6 or 7 inch heels.

Big tits requested permission to speak. She directed his attention to
the Activity Board. He saw that there were two movies playing, a bondage
"instruction" movies in one of the meeting rooms and first release movie
on the outdoor patio.
There was also listed entertainment in the bondage barn and the animal
barn.
"Animal barn?" he thought and made a note of the time. 

He also noticed slave ann's name mentioned for the next day, on the
lower patio at 10 am. 

THIS WAS KINDA SHORT BUT I WANTED TO GO WITH THE MOMENTUM> KEEP THE
COMMENTS COMING> 
I AM GETTING A GOOD AMOUNT OF FEED BACK AND WOULD LIKE TO TAKE A SURVEY>
IF YOU ARE MALE OR FEMALE, DOM OR SUB PLEASE QUICKLY LIST THAT IN YOUR
COMMENTS> SUGGESTIONS WELCOME>





The Tour

Part 6

Slave ann's owner walked out passed the patio of the Spa and down toward
the barns. He allowed his spa whore "big tits" to walk closely behind as
she guided him on his exploration. His thoughts drifted on occasion to
his slave ann. He wondered what kind of test she was being put through
and what lay in store for her tomorrow in her "public test".

The sun was setting and small lights were coming along the wooden and
stone path they walked on. He would glance back at the blonde slave, and
wondered if she was embarrassed as she walked naked, outside among the
guests. 

They came to a fork in the desert path. 
There they encountered a wooden frame. It appeared to be a kind of
skeletonize booth, with "Information" in big letters across the top. It
was occupied by a rather plump female, long brown hair accually rather
plain. 

As he approached the Owner notice that the slave was seated on a chair
with the bottom cut out. Her ankles were chained to the legs, and her
collar was leashed to one of the uprights. She work a metal chastity
belt. It was thight as her plump flesh over lapped a bit. The belt made
it known that she was not a spa whore but a slave that was on loan, sent
for more training or kenneled as her owner was away. Her tits were bound
with straps, very tight, they stuck out rather far.
From her nipples, was hung a sign, by cruel clamps. The sign said " This
slut is disobiediant and lazy. She is a fat whore and should be treated
like the shit she is."

All this public humiliation was not the main punishment. From the hollow
seat hunger her ass, under her ass was a large
Prickly Pear Cactus. The spines painfully scratched and stuck into her
soft flesh. 
Before she was seated, on of the managers has taken a sand paper paddle
to her ass for 25 strokes. The worst is that a string was attached to
the cactus that ran to a lose board on each trail. When someone stepped
on the board it moved the thorny bush, painfully over the heavy slave's
tender ass!

The owner could not resist, "Hey fat cunt!"
he asked. She answered with a respectful "Yes sir, how can this
worthless piece of shit help you?"
"Which way to the Animal Barn?"

She turned an pointed down one trail.
Just as she was about to answer, one of the boards were stepped on and
the mean thorns raked her ass. "That way, Ahhhh, Sir" she moaned
He stood a moment and looked down the path, another person stepped on
the other board and the slave again moaned and gritted her teeth.

The Owner started down the path, he made sure that he stepped on the
loose board. Behind him he heard the slave try to give another set of
instructions, only to be interupted by the hot pain! He made sure big
tits also stepped on it as they went. 

On the way to the barn he asked big tits if she had ever spent time in
the animal barn. She told him that she had and he ordered her to tell
him about it. Big tits had been a slave for quite a while and nothing
much bothered her except her time in the barn. 
" I was assign there by my owner as punishment. I became a kennel slave
at first, cleaning and feeding the dogs. All male. After a week I was
sent to grooming, I liked that, Sir, I like dogs and getting to brush
them was nice. They are all well trained. That only lasted a few days
until I got to know them. One morning the Kennel Maid lead me out of the
dog bed where I slept and would not let me get off my hands and knees.
After I ate out of my bowls and cleaned up I was lead to a room with a
video camera.
Inside was a nice tan great dane. I had groomed him several times. They
had instructed me how to act around them."

The Owner noticed big tits break out into goose bumps, in spite of the
warm air. 

"The maid ordered the dog to roll over. As he did I noticed his dick was
partly out of his sheath. The had him sniffing some female sent. She
asked me if I liked his dick, I said I did, Then with a jerk on my leash
the maid ordered me to pet him with one hand, start stroking his dick
with the other and beg him to let me suck his cock." big tits swallowed
hard before continuing

"I obeyed, begging the Master to suck his lovely cock. As I did his cock
grew bigger in my hand. After a few minutes the maid
pushed my head down with her crop and I knew what I had to do. I took
his dog dick in my slut mouth."

The owner had a raging hard on by now.
He ordered her to continue.
"Sir, I sucked his cock as it got hard. I grew in my whore mouth until
it was almost 10 inches long. The main gave me instructions as i sucked.
I had to lick the sides then take the tip in my mouth and like the hole.
I felt the dog start breathing faster."

He stopped for a moment and turned to the attractive slave. He imagined
her on her knees with a dog dick deep in her throat. He reached over
between her legs to her shaved cunt. Two of his fingers slid into her
hole easily as she spread her legs to give him easy access. 
"You got excited sucking that dog off, didn't you slut?" he smiled and
asked.

With much hesitation the blonde slave answered that it did.

There with people passing he stood with his fingers in her cunt and
feeling her large tit, he listened as she continued.
"I took the cock deep, like i was taught to suck a man. I pumped with
one hand and felt his knot with the other. I wanted it to end but i
wanted to taste his cum.
The maid wiped a rag along my cunt and ass, then went to the door. There
was another slave with a Doberman. The maid took the dog behind me and I
felt him sniff my ass an cunt. He then licked my cunt lips. His rough
tongue felt good, i wanted to cum bad. 
When i stopped to look back the maid hit me across the shoulders with
her crop and ordered me to keep going. 
I felt so degraded, Sir, not just from the cocksucking but the filming.
I knew it would be sold.
I sucked as I felt the maid held the dobie onto my back. I wanted to run
but I had no place to go and my Master ordered me here. I knew I
deserved it, as i had been a worthless slave that week." she shuttered

He watched a small tear appear in her eye.
"I sucked harder as she guided the rock hard dog dick into my pussy. He
gripped me and started pumping hard and fast. 
I licked the big dane's cock from the knot to the tip and sucked it
hard. I felt my hair hitting my back as my head bobbed on the hot rod.
God! it was hot, Sir!" she said with emotion. 
The slave was reacting to his fingers in her cunt and his pinching her
hard nipple. 

"I felt the dane move faster under me. I gripped the shaft and pumped
keeping my mouth on the end of the cock. He shot his huge load in my
mouth, i wanted it now, Master, OHHHH!" She was getting wetter on his
hand.

" I swollowed as much as i could. I felt it running down my chin but i
licked and suck to catch it all. The dobie was still fucking me hard. I
felt his knot pushing into my cunt. I tried to relax my muscles to let
it in. It was pushing against my clit and i knew i was going to cum,
without permission. I came as he shot his load in my whore's hole."

He pulled his hand out of her steaming cunt when she took a moment to
collect her thoughts. The poor slave wimpered when he did. 
She told him how she had to lick the dane clean them turn around and
lick her juices and his cum off the dobie.
She then told him how she sucked off five more dogs that day and took
one up the ass. It became her job for a week, each day she sucked at
least 10 dogs. She was not allowed to cum again all that week. 

She started to tell him about her week with the horses when he stopped
her and told her to wait until he got her back to the room.

He touched the spa whore's cheek and told her how good she was and with
a raging hard on he stepped off toward the barn. He thought about how it
would be to watch his lovely property ann, suck off a horse. 

COMMENTS
I WILL TELL YOU WHERE THE REST OF THE STORY IS AND OTHERS> ALL FREE>
 





The Tour

Part 7

Slave ann was tired from her fucking and humilition but knew that her
evening testing was not yet over. The blonde Mistress was setting up her
next ordeal. She glanced over to the pretty slave and watched her on her
hands and knees refreshing herself from the dog dish in the corner. 

When the new device was set up at the foot of the table that the black
man had fucked the slave, the Blonde leashed ann and pulled her away
from the dish. 
She placed the slave at facing the foot of the table. She made ann stand
and strattle a paddled board about 4 inches in width. As ann was trained
to keep her head bowed it was not hard for her to see the two lifelike
dildos, projecting up from the boad. The were both about 7 inches and
rather thick. The Blonde put her hand on ann's shoulder and pushed down, 
"Fill your fucking holes!" was the order. 

Having the big black cock in her cunt and the spiney dildo in her ass
less than a half hour ago, ann knew she was stretched and could take the
intrusion, in fact she welcomed it. She slowly lowered her body down,
holding on to the edge of the table. 
The tips of the cocks touched both holes at the same time. She wiggled
her ass to position her self and center the rods. Felling the domme
increase the pressure on her shoulder, the slave quickly lowered her
body impaling herself on the rubber dicks. The Blonde stood back and
watched the small slut take them all the way in her holes. She heard her
charge moan as she touched the padding on the seat. 

ann was now impaled and stretched. The Blonde gave the slave a moment to
enjoy her torment before she attached the slave's wrist cuffs to eye
bolts under the table. Her ankles were drawn up behind her and attached
to rings on each side of the seat. This angle kept ann impaled and
leaning forward. Her face over hung the edge of the table, lightly
touching her upper chest. The cocks in the slave's pussy and asshole
felt good. In a poor attempt to make the Mistress believe that she was
seating the dildos, ann wiggled and shifted her body. The Blonde knew
that ann just wanted to get as much pleasure out of her torment as she
could.
As she wiggled the domme put the slave's hair in a tight pony tail.

The bound slave heard the domme pick up the phone, she could not heard
what was said but it was brief. In a moment the naked big blonde
dominant had her ass on the table, her legs spread wide and pulled the
slut's face into her very wet twat!
ann immediatly opened her hot mouth and started sucking all that fluid
from her Mistress' body. Her tongue danced wildly over the Blonde's hard
and sensitve clit.
ann wanted to please the woman since she first saw her, a lust for the
same sex she had never known. ann ran her lips and tongue from the clit
to the woman's hot hole, fucking it with her tongue.

The bound slave's owner and his slave de joure, continued their stroll
toward the Animal barn. Big tit's story of her time there left him with
a raging erection, which was rather evident through his loose pants. 

With the barn in sight, he hear someone call "Sir!". Turning he was
surpized to see a small gazebo set a few feet off the path.
A rather handsome but stocky woman was motioning form him. Tugging on
big tit's leash he turned to join her. She was dressed in a print
sundress, rather out of place for the fetish atomosphere. 
She held out her hand and introduced herself as Mary, before he hit the
second step. She asked him to have a seat on the bench. As he sat his
attention came to the naked ass that was stuck in the air on the other
side of the structure, only 6 feet away. 

After some small talk, how do you like the place, what room are you in,
and such things, Mary explained that the bare ass was her lover and
slave, grace. She was 22, slim, big tits and a lesbian to the core. As
Mary was heavy, handsome and bi, in fact Mary was married. 
Mary liked watching her slave be fucked and generally forced to
accomadate and man. So she asked him if he would like to fuck her little
slut up the ass?
He looked over at the bound girl. She was shackled over a thick polished
log that was held up by two posts on each end, like a big hitching post.
Her legs were spread wide and attached to the uprights as were her
wrists. Her heavy tits showed hanging between her open legs. 
With his hard on just starting to go away he thought "why not". 
Mary thanked him with a kiss to his cheek and a pat on the crotch.
"grace my dear, this nice man is going to fuck you up the ass, isn't
that going to be fun?" Mary asked her slave, sarcasticly.

Instructed to tell the truth, grace answered with a wimper "Noo Ma'am
please no."

The Owner stepped up behind the bent slave. Kneeling next to him, big
tits, unzipped his pants and pulled out his again rock hard cock. She
toyed with his prick as she reached into a bowl next to the hitching
post. It was obvious that this place has been used much as the bowl was
filled with condoms. Big tits opened the rubber and place it in her
mouth. Like the well trained Pleasure Whore she was, she took her Master
into her mouth and unrolled the item over his hard cock. He was deep in
her throat with the rubber covering his rod as he felt her suck him
hard. She continued to suck as she worked his dick out of her mouth. 
She was very careful to leave a film of saliva on it.

He hoped that ann would be trained as well when her returned for her. 

Big tits guided the cock to the sobbing sluts open asshole. He wasted no
time in driving his rod home! Hard and steady, he pushed. The sobbing
turned into pleads for mercy from her sadistic owner as grace felt the
thick meat stretch her tender flesh. 

Mary had sat back and pulled up her dress. She started playing with her
wet hole as the man pressed his cock deep into her lover.

Holding the girl's hips he started to fuck the hole with long steady
strokes. The more she wined the hotter he got and the harder he fucked
her. This was the first time he had fucked in public, but as hot as he
was he did not care. 

Big tits rubbed his ass as he plunged his hard cock deep in the rear of
the slave. 
It took a number of strokes but he finally buried it all the way in.

As he used her property the least he could do is return the favor. He
ordered big tits to crawl over to Mary and service her. 
The woman was very pleased as she watched the big tited blonde crawl
across the floor then bury her face in her crotch. 

Mary came several times before he blew his load, with his cock thrust
painfully deep in the slaves bowels! He gave a yell of victory, the
slave just sobbed in humiliation.

Big tits crawled back to him and gently remove the rubber from his
deflating cock.
She was careful not to loose and cum, for when he had recovered some she
worked the scumbag over her tongue and sucked out all of his load. He
looked down on the Spa whore as she happily ate his spunk.
She turned it inside out and sucked it clean before disposing of it.

Mary thanked him and kissed him again. She invited him to a reception in
her room the next night. As they resumed there walk to the barn, the
Owner and big tits heard Mary flag down another man and offer her slave
to him, this time it was a gaurd. Big tits smiled she knew that all
gaurds had big dicks.

While he was fucking slave grace in he ass a strange but pleasant bell
rang from the PA system. Soon after turning from the gazebo to the path
they passed a gaurd leading two Spa whores by leashs. They were headed
to the main building.
One slave was a busty black woman with short hair and wide hips, the
other a bunette with small tits and a tatoo across her ass that said "
FUCK HERE". They had just come out of the Animal barn.

The blonde had just crawled off the table after her second orgasm, when
there was a knock on the door. She made a mental note to pass the slave
in female service as she went to answer it. 

It was a gaurd with two slaves one black one white. " Are these the two
you wanted?" he asked. The blonde thanked him and pulled the black slave
in. She told the white one to wait outside. The slave knelt by the door.
As he left the gaurd said that there was already two other slaves
kneeling in line. The blonde smiled and thanked him.

Pulling the black slave to the table she informed ann of her duties. "
You will service as many slaves as lay on this table for the next three
hours! A maid will monitor you. You must clean and make every one cum
with your fucking whore mouth! You will start with this one, she has
just come from servicing duty at the Animal barn. What did you do
bitch?"

"I sucked and fucked donkey Master Ranger, Mistress" answered the slave.

ann was shocked and a shiver ran up her body.

The black slave crawled up on the table and spread her legs in
anticipation. She wanted to cum badly. The donkey fuck had turned her on
but the Stable Mistress had not let her orgasm.

ann's fear of blacks again gave her a shutter, even though this was a
slave slut like her.

The tall slave started to film ann's degrading situation as the Blonde
gave the instructions then pushed ann's face into the dripping donkey
cum filled cunt!

Felling ann's face touch her crotch the trained slave relaxed her cunt
muscles, releasing a flow of yellow animal spunk.
A crack on her ass from the Mistress remined ann to stop hesitating and
start licking. To her disgust, ann licked the flowing spunk, and
chocking back any reaction she swallowed it. 

The Blonde watched until ann was well into her job. She then turned the
ordeal over to a maid and left. That was no easier to ann as the Maid
ordered her to dig deeper into the slave's hole and suck out that cum. A
muffled "Yes Ma'am" came from ann between swallows.

The bound slave moved her tired tongue from the hole to the slave's
clit. Like she did the Blonde she flicked the clit fast and softly at
first then harder at each minute.
She ate the black slave while the Maid barked instructions. When it
looked like he slave was about to cum she ordered ann to lick out more
sperm form her cunt. 
ann strangly found her cunt getting as wet as with the Blonde. 

Finally she was allowed to wrap her lips around the black slave's clit.
She sucked hard and flicked her tongue hard on the nub. The black slave
grabbed at her big tits, as she started to thrust her hips into ann's
face.

The crop fell again on ann's ass as the maid ordered her to finish off
the slave.

The slave came with a loud "YESSS".

Before the slave even calmed down, the evil maid pulled her off the
table and pulled her toward the door. 

ann sat back on the fat dildos and tried to wipe off some of the donkey
cum that had covered her face, on her upper arms. 

As quick as the black slave was pulled away the other animal slave
replaced her.
The maid made sure that she was positioned at the very edge of the
table, and that her legs were spread wide and pulled back to her chest.
The slave held them there with her arms. The maid asked her what was her
duty.

"I was making a film while the guests watched. I sucked and was fucked
up the ass by two great danes, Master Royal and Master Baron, Ma'am" she
answered.

Turning to ann the maid barked "What are you waiting for you stupid
whore?"

ann leaned forward and licked the slave's asshole. When she felt ann's
soft tongue the slave released her muscles and pushed. A heavy flow of
dog cum pored into ann's mouth, mixing with the donkey juice. ann probed
the slave's hole with her tongue and drew out the white liquid.
To the slave's delight ann lapped from her ass to her clit. Tremors
surged through her body as he orgasm built, only to be shut down by the
maid until ann had cleaned the whore's ass and tasted of the nector that
she would be learning to love so well!!
 
I HAVE BEEN GRIPED AT ABOUT MY SPEELING AND PUNCTUATION SUGGESTIONS AND COMMENTS WELCOME> I HAVE
GOTTEN SEVERAL I WILL USE> 
THERE IS A FREE SITE THAT HAS THE REST OF THE STORY AND MANY MORE>
THANKS
 





The Tour

Part 8 (BDSM Humil best, Mf Fmf)

While slave ann labored to clean and satisfy the line of slave's at the
door, her owner, took a seat in front of the stage attached to the
Animal barn. His spa slave "big tits" crouched before him. He pulled her
in front of him and motioned for her down on all fours. With a few
nudges from his feet he had her at a comfortable distance. Leaning back
in the padded foulding chair he put his feet up on the pretty blonde
slave's back and relaxed.

The stage was attached to one end of the barn, about 20x20. It had a
strange contraption near the front. On each side was a big screen tv and
several cameras on stage. As it was not time for the stage show to
commence the Owner and most of the other guests had their attention
drawn to the televisions. The showed up quite nicely as the sun had set.
It was very pleasant, the desert heat had cooled and the stars were out. 

The big tits explained the the tvs were part of the spa's system. What
he was watching was some entertainment happening in the dungeon barn.

On to the stage in the dungeon barn stepped a big tited Mistress, she
lead by two leashes, a short girl, 5'2", about 20
with short red hair. The striking thing about her was her enormous tits.
Firm and large they looked out of place on the slim little slave. She
was naked, sporting a 
very thick leather collar with numerous
 rings and a head harness that held a gag in her mouth. 

At the end of the other leash was a young slim male. About 23 or so,
muscluar about 5'6" tall. He had a short haircut like the female, no
other body hair. He also had a head harness on and thick collar. The
other thing that he wore was a leather belt. Attached to the belt was a
metal cage device that enclosed his shaved cock and balls. 

 As he watched ann's Owner observed that this was the first male
submissive he had seen since his arrival. He did notice that the cage
hanging from the young man's crotch was unusualy big.

The Woman strutted up to the front of the stage, putting her slave's on
their knees she spoke to the audience. 
" Hello, I am Madam Sally. I have been asked to come here for your
entertainment. I hope you enjoy the show.
These are my slave's, shit and slut." She jerked the female's leash. She
immediatly stood with he legs wide and hands behind her head.
"This is slut, she is 20 years old. I have owned her for two years. She
gave herself to me after her parents threw her out. 
As you see she has wonderfully large breast. They were big to begin with
but I spent a lot of money getting them like this." Sally put her riding
crop under one of the tits and lifted it. Sally sent the girl back to
her knees.

Pulling on the male's leash, Sally indicated that he rise. He assumed
the same inpection position.
"This is shit, He is 24, I have had him only 10 months. You ladies
notice he is well groomed and rather well endowed."
Sally put the crop under his cock cage and lifted it. It caused some
conversation in the audience. The cage was about 10 inches long and his
flesh almost filled it. 
" I met him when he answered a swingers add, when I was into that scene.
He liked my pussy so well he wanted it all the time. He is only allowed
to cum once a week but he services me every day."
Sally smiled and gave his nipple a twist. 
" For this special occasion he has saved his sperm for three weeks. As a
reward for a good preformance he will be allowed to cum."

With the end of the introduction a maid and a gaurd took the male and
secured him between two sturdy posts. His arms and legs spread wide as
wish bones. His left side facing the audience.

Sally pulled slut over to the bound shit, and made her crawl through his
legs and positioned her ass directly under his.

" Shit is also not allowed to get hard unless I give him permission, if
he does there are small spikes at the end of the cage, well you can
imagine the rest. Also, slut must remain wet at all times, incase she
was to be fuck at any moment." explained Madam Sally.

Taking a multi strand whip from the rack at the end of the stage, Sally
smile at the gathering. She took her time returning to the slave's, her
high heels clicked menacingly on the stage. Reaching her property Sally
removed the leather jacket she wore and handed it to the maid. 
Then with all her sadistic fury she raised the whip, bringing down on
shit's tight ass. 
He tensed as the blow struck, pulling at his bonds. The next one fell
lower on his ass, with some strands curling around his thigh. 

Sally again cocked her arm and took aim. This time the wicked blow fell
on the lovely young ass of slut. The unbound but trained slave moved
slightly forward then returned to the appointed position.

So it went, Madam Sally alternated between shit and slut, shit getting
twice as many as the pretty slave whore. Each bore in silence as the
gags fit tightly in their mouths. With each stroke of the whip a quite
cheer rose from the audience. 
Madam Sally liked this, she enjoyed the control and the attention. 

When the slave's bodies showed the right amount of red stripes the
Mistress was satisfied. She walked around and looked at her properties
faces. slut had tears in he eyes and shit just had a concentrated stare.
She noticed he was trying hard to keep from getting an erection.

Sally pulled slut to her feet and into the display position. Legs wide
apart, hands under her big udders holding them up. 
She removed the harness and slowly pulled the thick cock gag out of the
slave's mouth. A tither of noise rose from the audience as the large
long dildo emerged from the little slave's mouth and throat. How well
trained she was. Then in a dramatic fashion, the cruel Mistress took a
pair of severe nipple clamps from the gaurd, each with several onces of
weight attached. After holding them up for all to see she tightened them
down on the already rock hard buds that her slave presented to her. Even
thou slut has had this treatment hundreds of times before Sally was
careful to make sure that he nipples did not become desenitized. 

When the clamps were secure and the domme had given them sever toughs,
she pulled poor slut behind shit and again put her on her knees. Sally
knew that this is how slut wanted to be treated, much more and she would
have that silent orgasm that she though she hid from her Owner.
Before she left her, Sally, pushed slut forward and ran her fingers in
her cunt. 
She was truly wet, that pleased the domme. With one hand on her neck
Sally pushed the handle of the whip quickly into the slave's open twat.
As slut leaned back the 8 inches sunk deep in her hole, creating a
leather tail, draped on the floor and over her calves.

Sally made a gesture to the maid, then remove her lace top, leaving her
with only her skirt and heels. The maid emerged from the back of the
stage. Crawling on the end of the leash, led by the maid was a familiar
slave, to ann's Owner. It was the mature slave barb. Her short silver
hair gave her away. The maid positioned barb in front of the bound male.
Her arms were then cuffed behind her back. 

Sally picked a long rattan can from the rack then circled the slaves. As
she passed she ordered each to "lick".
Slut reached up with her mouth and found the bound male's open asshole.
Trained in that fine art she proceded to extend her tongue and rim his
senstive hole. Pushing her face deep between his tight cheeks, the slave
licked and probed him, making him moan in pleasure behind his gag.

Slave bard also reached up with her face. Her task was more difficult.
She had to use her tongue and lips between the bars of the cage to make
contact with the flesh of his twitching cock. barb felt the bitter taste
of the metal combined with the piss that had passed through it that day.
She touched the tip of her tongue to his hairless balls then ran it up
the length of his hardening cock, breaking contact only to cross the
metal bars.

Sally ran the rattan cane over barb's bare ass, encourging her to work
harder to make him erect. When barb slowed to swollow a sharp blow from
the cane pushed her face back to the crotch. 

shit's hips started moving, trying to get away from both talented
tongues. He would open his eyes to see his Owner, standing infront of
him, rubbing her big tits. Smiling she would lift one up and lick it's
hard nipple.

Soon shit's cock was pushing into the sharp spines that lined the tip of
the cage. Both females increased their tempo as they received swats from
the cane.

Sally watched as her male turned red in pain and pleasure. His big cock
strained at the metal sheth and pushed into the spikes. A loud moan
escaped the gag!

Slut's nipples ached with the weights as she dug her tongue into shit's
tight asshole. His thrusting caused her to move in time, making the
weights swing painfully. The ass licking whore loved it, she craved it
and would thank her Mistress later by drinking her pee and licking her
to many orgasms.

The slaves were eventually taken off and shit was released. He was taken
to a low bench and tied down on his back, with his whipped ass pressing
against numerous rubber spikes. Sally released his hard cock form the
cage. The women in the audience gasped as it sprang to a full 12 inches.
The head was red and sore as bard was give the job of sucking it. A job
she was pleased to do. 

Slut was put on all fours on a bench next to her brother slave. Sally
announced that they were to be used by any on for the next hour. Also
that the were to not to cum and if they did they would be whipped by
every guest at the spa.

Three domme women strattled shit's hard cock and road him to several
orgasms each. At the same time slut had her cunt filled by two gaurds
then two guests. A tall black gaurd stuck his big hard dick in her face.
The crowd chanted as he fucked her mouth and she swollowed his load.

One Mistress allowed her female slave to take shit's big hard rod deep
in her asshole. She sat on it and slowly worked it into her hole. Each
time his sore ass was impaled on the spikes. While this was happening
Sally removed his gag and sat on his face. This was the most difficult
for him to keep from coming, he was turned on eating lovely Sally.
Lastly, as a reward and with her Master's permission, slave barb was
allowed to sit on shit's hard cock and play with herself infront of the
audience until she came!

When the use of the slaves tapered off, a cum covered slut rose. Sperm
rolled down her inner thigh and covered her chin.
They released tormented shit, and both slaves knelt before there Owner. 
As the crowd watched they kissed Sally's feet and thanked her. Then as
he knelt upright and slut held a bowl, shit was allowed to jerk his long
cock until he shot his tremendous load of spunk. Slut was careful not to
let any miss the bowl.

After the last drop had been squezed from his rod, and slut had licked
it clean, Sally gave it a hard crack with the cane, ordering him to make
it soft in a hurry.

As Sally cracked the cock the stage lights infront of ann's Owner went
up and the tvs changed to that stage.

The door to the barn opened and out walked the players. First came two
attactive women, dressed in tan jompers and riding boots, they were
topless displaying fine breasts. One was white one was black. In spite
of their dress, they were obviouly maids. They were followed by the
domme, dressed in tight jeans, western shirt and cowboy boots. On a lead
she lead an extemely attractive slave. Only a metal choker carressed her
neck, other wise she was completley naked.

The slave was positioned next to the strange device. She stood with her
hands behind her back, head up but eyes down, and one knee demurly
cocked in. She was medium build with a soft somach and fine tapered
waist. About 5'7" with two perfect C cup breasts. Her pubic hair was
shave into an arrow that pointed to her cunt. Her auburn hair was styled
into a conservative flip, almost out of date. If you put a jacket white
blouse and skirt on her she could have been that 3rd grade teacher you
got  your first hard on over!

The usual introduction started "This is slut Wendy. She is 27, and her
Master has paid us to train her. She has been here a month and will obey
us completely now, 
Won't you slave?"

The slave answered "Yes Mistress any thing you want"

With that she made the humiliated slave parade around the stage,
stopping to show her ass and cunt to the crowd.

Finally this beautiful slave was placed on the device. It was a T with
the cross bar under her stomach. The long part ran up to her chin,
between her tits, which hung down on each side. Her legs were drawn up
under the cross bar and spread wide with straps around her knees keeping
them in place. Her arms were pulled behind her and her wrists were
cuffed and a strap was put around her elbows pulling them together. This
made her tits stick down in a more pronounced manner.

Around each hard nipple looped a nylon string, pulled tight around the
base. The string was then attached to the base of the device. Her tits
were pulled tightly downward. Finally her choker was attached by two
cords, to each side of the device.

Wendy was now fixed down and split by the bar. This exposed and opened
her tight smooth ass and it's holes. Her head was about 8 inches lower
than her ass.
The slave obeyed and kept silent.

"The slave is now ready for her first encounter" continued the domme"
this fucking Social Worker will obey and please all that I wish to have
use her".

ann's owner had an idea of what was to come, he wondered if he needed
big tits on his cock or feet.


I DO NOT DO MUCH FEMDOM BUT I WROTE THIS FOR TWO LOYAL READERS> I HOPE
IT IS GOOD ENOUGH FOR THEM> THANKS






The Tour
Part 9 (BDSM Best. Mf Ff)

The crowd of about 20 leaned back and watched Wendy, being strapped into
the cruel device on stage. The Mistress circled the bound slut, running
her whip over her exposed flesh. Ann's Owner noticed a sheen of sweat
break out on the attactive slave.

The Mistress then motioned to the barn. A few moments later the star of
the scene was lead out by a naked slave. The crowd let loose with some
oohs and ahhs, a chatter rose between them at the sight of a minature
horse! A chestnut with a light main and tail, it stood about 3 feet at
the shoulder. The chubby naked slave lead him to the front of the stage
and around the back of the bound slave. It's hooves clacked on the wood
floor. 

Raising her arms like a ring master the Mistress directed the slave to 
lead the horse in a circle around poor wendy. The bound slut raised her 
head and stretched it around to get a look at he soon to be lover. She 
had not been told what type of animal was to violate her. Her whole body 
shook at the sight. 

After a few turns around the stage the horse was positioned behind wendy. 
He immediately started to inhale the female scent spread on the slave's ass. 
The Mistress snapped her fingers signaling for the plump 34 year old
slave to fall to her knees and lean under the well trained small horse. 

The scent was working as his cock started it's journey from it's sheath.
The chunky slave gently grasped the hardening meat and opened her hot
mouth. Moving rearward she engulfed the flesh with her lips and danced
her tongue over the extended head of the horse cock. As practiced on all
types of beasts the slave drew the rod into her mouth, sucking and
licking it making it harder. Her hand moved the length of the growing
cock, 8, 10, then 13 inches. A good portion of the long pecker
disapperared down the slave's throat. 

The Mistress walked to wendy's head. Pulling her face up by a handfull
of her hair she asked if the slave wanted to be fucked?
wendy, giving in to her monsterous urges, weakly responded that she did!
"Louder" ordered the domme.

"Yesss Please I want to be fucked" answered the prim and proper wendy.

The slave was ordered to beg her equine master for her statisfaction.
Feeling the horse's tongue lick her hot cunt made wendy painfully strain
at her bonds. She shuddered in humiliation as she studdered, " Master
please fuck me, pleasssse i need you big cock!"

The crowd applauded and the Mistress bowed, at the slaves degradation.
She would be sent back to her husband a well trained slut. 

" Mistress, pleasse let the Master fuck my pussy, i need it please, I
will do anything"
begged wendy.

Meanwhile, the horse sucking slave was licking the hard shaft from it's
leaking head to the hairy sheath. Her own pussy dripped with the juices
of need.

After many minutes of begging and groveling the Domme, struck the
cocksucker on the ass as a signal. Reluctantly the slave rose and along
with the Mistress they moved the horny horse into position. It's fore
legs strattled the bound slut. They secured it's hooves into special
fixtures on each side of the device.

Wendy strained to push her ass up toward the animal. She wanted it's big
cock. This amused the onlookers. 

The cock sucker slave grasped the hard cock and guided it into wendy's
soaking wet naked cunt. The big rod pressed home as wendy moaned and
tears came to her eyes. The horse immediatly started fucking the pretty
slave. It rammed it's meat deep into wendy's open hole.
The strings pulled hard on her nipples as she pushed back to meat the
attack pressed by the animal in heat.

Ann's Owner had never seen a sight like this before. He sat with his
feet proped up on the spa slave and a raging hardon pushing at his loose
sweat pants. As he stared at the scene on stage he jumped at the tap on
his shoulder.

Turing he saw an attractive slim woman. 
" Hi" she said " I am called Lady Cynthia, by the slaves, you can call
me Cindy".

He introduced himself and they shook hands. " I can help you with your
problem,"she continued noding toward his hard on. He replied "Oh, How?"

With a smile on her face she shuffled through the chairs to stand in
front of him. Lifting up her sundress she exposed a lean athletic body,
small tits and a well trimmed cunt. She leaned down and pulled his pants
down exposing his hard cock. After a few admiring glances and tender
strokes she turned her back on him to face the stage and lowered her wet
hole down on his rod. As the horse fucked the lowly slut on stage, Cindy
fucked ann's owner. She rode him slow and steady, stopping only to
glance over he shoulder and smile at him.

The horse still pounded away at his human filly. wendy had passed he
second orgasm, yelling for him to fuck her harder.
Her craving for Beastiality had escaped all boundries. 

The horse stopped and shuttered then pound on, the flood of yellow/white
fluid splashed every millimeter of her cunt. The head crashed her cervix
as the fluid flowed freely out and onto her thighs.
Encased in sweat, sperm and tears, wendy collapsed. Her horse master
gave a few more painful thrusts, then with drew his huge cock.

As wendy sobbed in pleasure and degradation, Cindy felt the owner's cock
shoot it's load deep in her twat. She came hard and stiffened her body,
contracting her cunt muscles around the shooting rod.

As the cubby slave again crawled under the small horse and took his
defalting cock in her mouth, the crowded applauded. The Mistress bowed
and presented the small horse. wendy was limp as two maids came on stage
to and released her. 

Cindy, plopped in the chair next to the satisifed Master and kissed him. 

It was getting late. With big tits carring Cindy's dress, ann's owner
and the slim domme walked arm and arm back to his room. He admired her
openness. 
After reaching the room it took little time for Cindy to have his cock
in her mouth and the slave, big tits, between her ass cheeks eating out
her asshole. 
The fell asleep in each other's arms with big tits sucking on the dommes
toes.


In the morning the Master invited Cindy to breakfast. They left big tits
with a large butt plug up her ass and sever nipple clamps torturing her
tits, to clean up the room. 

At breakfast they got aquainted. He told her of ann and her test later
that morning. 
Cindy told him that she was a phys ed teacher, her husband was rather a
wimp, his saving grace was his big dick. She was bisexual and he did not
interfere in her activites. In fact she enjoyed making him watch when
she was with a woman. 
She had a slave with her, a fellow teacher. As part of her fee for
belonging to the spa, Cindy allows her to be used in films and marketed.
She had been filming last evening and most of the night, that is why
Cindy was alone. She also was looking for new people like him. 

At breakfast the center piece was a slave tied spread wide upside down.
Her tits were criss crossed with red welts and hung  down toward her
gagged mouth. Heavy weights pulled at her nipples. 
Two thick boquets of flowers stuck out from her holes, between her
painfully spread legs. One from her asshole and one from her stretched
cunt.

Leaving the dining room the two sadists were informed that it was Fun
and Games day. They walked slowly, talking toward where ann was to be
tested. They heard laughter off to their right. 

There was a group gathered. Bound about 5 yards infront of the group
were two slaves. Both were bound over wooden horses. Their arms to one
set of legs and legs to the others, their asses were stuck high up
facing the crowd. On each ass cheek was painted a bullseye. Several
concentric rings of different colors made and excellent target. As each
person stepped up to the line they were handed five darts by a gaurd.
Each took great pleasure in throughing the darts at the well displayed
asses, or should I say targets. Each competed against each other. The
winner won a gift certificate.
Cindy just rushed with excitment as she stepped up for her turn. Each
dart that was thrown stuck in the cheek of the poor slaves, causing
tears to flow and cheeks to tighten. Holes peppered each cheek.
Cindy squeeled as each of her darts, stuck dead center in a firm cheek.

As they walked away they noticed two more young slaves with pained asses
being lead to the game area to replace those who have leaked too much.

Another game was a ring toss. A slave was bound with her arms to her
knees. 
A large stick was pushed in her asshole.
Each particiant tossed a thorn covered ring, some hit the mark and slid
down the stick to prick the tender skin of the slave, and others missed
to scratch and torment the slave's back and ass. The enjoyment was
watching the slave jump with each painful contact.

Cindy and her escort also enjoyed that game as they walked on.


COMMENTS AND IDEAS ARE WELCOME> EMAIL ME FOR THE REST OF THE STORY> IT
WILL BE COMPLETED IN JUST A COUPLE OF MORE PARTS> IDEAS ARE MOST WELCOME
 





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Traveler


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





