BDSM Library - Joan's Other Life




Joan's Other Life
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The lonely woman was seeking a real man. What she found was a real master and she started a brand new life.
Joan's Other Life (revised )
rpaladin 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                  Joan's New Life #1

She rolled round in her now lonely bed. Last night had been it! 
All that wimp wanted to do was go around and make the seen. She 
wanted more. She had tried to bring out more from him. No luck. 
She was boarded with his attempts at love making. She took charge,
she made him beg but then still no matter what she did or how he 
promised ... he shot his wade in seconds. She wanted more... She 
wasn't going to settle any more. She wanted a big macho stud, with 
a long, thick dick. (Who says size doesn't count!)  She knew she 
could get one. Only where was it???

Last night she refused Ted even the obligatory good night kiss and 
told him to hit the road. True this left her alone but well so be 
it. Now she would go out there and find a REAL MAN!!! 

No more would she settle for..... What was that noise??

A whimpering sound from the wall she shared with the next 
apartment, caught her attention. Her mind raced to the tall 
good looking stud she had seen, that lived next door. She had 
only seen him coming and going. He had never spoke to her. 
His sun glasses always hid his eyes. She could never tell if he 
even noticed her. The leather jacked, he wore, so slick, with all 
those shinny buckles added to the mystic of him.

Now there was a man, the tightening in her cunt told her! Not a 
wimp like Ted. He could...do anything he wanted to her.... Yea .. 
What would she have to give to get a stud like that over here in 
her lonely bed... No matter what it was she would, at that 
moment do it.... No question.

A scuffling sound and more noise came from the wall.



Curiosity caused her to get up and go to the wall. She stuck her 
ear to it and waited for something to happen..... Nothing and then 
a resounding slap. A cry and then that commanding voice,

"Shut your yap or I'll give you something to whine about.  Now 
get over here and do me, then we may see about your needs."

A scraping sound and then nothing. 

 she thought. Her hand went to her 
cunt and she felt the dew beginning to flow.  She thought and noticed her hand was now stroking her 
rapidly heating cunt.  

She took her hand away from her sex all sticky. She went to the 
toilette and used a tissue to wipe up the mess...

Her curiosity was aroused. Her cunt was dripping. She had to 
find out more about this stud, besides she had nothing to do till 
Monday morning. Ted was a done deal. Besides what could happen.



 She decided.

She washed her face. Peeded, and stripped the old flannel P.J.s
she wore last night... She got out the loose t-shirt and shear robe. 
Then she put on some of her perfume in all the right places. (Pays 
to advertise.) She shook her chest, facing the mirror, to assured 
herself that her tits were there, jiggling, and showed off to her 
advantages.



She draped the shear pink robe over herself and again 
consulted the mirror.

She  fluffed her hair and make the final touches to her 
appearance.

 

She made her way to his back door. Then like a swimmer leaving 
the water she gathered the robe tighter around her.  She raised 
her hand and timidly rapped on the door.  Nothing! She tried 
again, louder this time. 



She rapped a third time and after a long wait she heard someone 
coming to the door. It flew opened and a bare chested male in 
jockey shorts demanded,

"YEA??? What the hell do you want?"

There he was.... He glaired at her and his eyes were soo blue.... 
she finally managed....

"I'm out of coffee and I just can't function without it in the 
morning. Could I please borrow some? I'll gladly pay you back." 

Her eyes were drawn to the bulge in his shorts and she seemed 
to deliver the final part of her answer to his tent like bulge. 

 She thought to herself.

She finally tore her eyes from their speculation and saw that he 
was sizing her up like a dog looking over a bone. His eyes were 
deep, deep blue. He had a hairy chest with well developed set 
of pecks. She hoped he liked what he saw. She knew she did.

His eyes bore into her very soul and seized it,

"GET INSIDE HERE BITCH!" he commanded

She steeped inside and he shut and locked the door. She 
looked around and saw nothing.... Not a stick of furniture. in the 
kitchen or any of the apartment that she could see. 

He steeped behind her and placed his hands on her shoulders. He 
directed her to the other room by pressure on her shoulders. His 
mear touch melted her to her  very core. He  directed her to the 
front of the only piece of furniture in the room, a chair. No not 
actually a chair. A thrown.

She stood there and did not offer any protest As he began to peal
off her robe. She finally returned to her senses. She moved 
to keep her robe but his hands on her neck and face changed 
her response. The shear filmy covering floated to the floor.
She just stood there as his hands drifted down her body to the 
bottom of the shirt that was her only covering. 

In one quick jerk he stripped it up and off her now shrinking frame.



She grabbed at the shirt and tried to keep possession of it.

"Now wait a minute bust..." She began and was rewarded with a 
slap the like of which she had never felt before. It knocked her 
down. Her cheek flared up and now she knew.. This was a man who 
was going to get what he wanted. She could not rap him around her 
finger like Ted.

From her position on the floor, with a stinging cheek she looked 
up at her master. Her tits hung down from her chest and the 
nipples were hard like little pebbles. She felt like she would 
melt into the floor from the intensity of his gaze any time now. 

He reached down and captured her hair. He pulled up and 
squatted down so that she was now starring in his deep blue eyes,  

"Don't you ever disagree with me again, BITCH. You come over here 
sniffing after my ass and then try that hard to get shit.  I could
smell that stinking cunt of yours at the door. Now get up on your 
knees and let me see the toys you brought me to play with. If 
they interest me I might play with them. If not I'll throw them 
and you out of here." He demanded.

She was a captive of his eyes. She found herself shifting her 
legs under her and holding the position that he demanded. He let 
go of her hair and walked to the thrown and sat there not even 
looking at her. 

She was confused. She was here as he wished and he left her... 
On the floor she saw her shirt and robe.... She was NAKED!!!

She started to bring her hands and arms up to cover herself but 
she stopped immediately when she heard.

"You are a dub bitch aren't you. crawl over here and give me a 
look at the toys...NOW!!! Before I get mad and decide to throw 
you out." He said in a low clam voice.



She shuffled over to the desired position. She passed the rags 
that had been her robe and shirt. She looked at them, but did 
not dare attempt to retrieve them. 

 Her cunt, a river by now, 
told her. 

When she arrived in between his knees he again seized her 
hair and brought her up to her knees. 

His eyes seemed soo cold as they took in her shrinking nudity.
He let go of her hair and reached out to her chest with both paws.

He took possession of her tits and squeezed them to get their 
feel. Then he rolled them over their range on her chest. She 
froze right there!! Just this fondling and she  had the orgasm 
of her life. 

 she thought...

"Not bad. Don't hardly sag at'll." he observed. "I might be 
interested in these for a while."

She raised her hands as she sought to gain some modesty. 
She tried to shield her cunt slit from his inspecting gaze, but 
his renewed grip on her hair and raised right hand stopped her.

"I said I wanted to see the toys bitch. I'm going to see all the 
toys. Now spread open those bony legs." he said wedging his 
foot between her knees to force compliance to his order.

She dropped her hands and opened her knees about a foot.

"Wider bitch, and let's see how the tits hold up when you get um 
stretched on those ribs. Put those paws behind your head. Elbows 
way out there. Just like a model.... better now arch back... Not bad...
 Now hold um up there."

She sheepishly looked up at him and his eyes penetrated to her 
soul. She felt his fingers pull and twist her nipples but she did 
not move. She was a mounted specimen, like a butterfly on a pin, 
only she was caught with his eyes in this humiliating position 
being examined by his hands like the specimen.

(She loved it.... Come on you all do!)

"All right now... Let's have a look at that cunt. Reach down there and 
spread the nasty smelly thing open for me." he demanded.

She did not even think of disobeying him. She reached down and 
pulled the neither lips open for him. 

 

His finger went to her clit and rolled it around all the while 
starring into her captive eyes.

Then lazily his fingers traced the path to her dripping vagina. 
He smiled and easily slipped two fingers in her. He smiled and 
said,

"Juicy bitch, Ain't ya??" 

Lost in his deep blue pools, she could not answer. 

She looked down sheepishly and saw she was wide open over 
a mirrored section of floor. She was totally exposed to his  
perusal. He, and she, could see the dripping of her sex  hole, 
and the tightly clenched brown neither hole.  Why even her little
uthera was there open for him!! She should be ashamed... but she 
was hotter than she had ever been before in her life.

 her 
mind fumbled. Her cunt flowed. He knew it. She knew he knew,
and was mortified, and yet she was a willing captive to this  MAN. 
She was his to do with as he wanted.

She shrank from the fact of her traitorous cunt was so easy 
captive but he knew it. He had the proof on his fingers and hand. 
He and she could see it. Their was nowhere to hide. She looked up 
pleading with her eyes.

"A hot smelly cunt like this can get a stupid bitch like you in a 
lot of trouble unless someone channels it into proper pursuits." 
he observed, all the while finger fucking her copiously flowing 
hole and boring into her mind with his eyes.

"I...I " she stammered only to be slapped again.

"When I want your opinion out of you I'll get it. Till then you 
keep that tongue still. I'll tell you when to use it and on 
what." he demanded squeezing her cheeks in his left hand. He 
lifted her up this way. Her jaw ached from this and the slap. 

Her cunt flowed and she knew he could do anything he wanted 
with her. She hoped he would be gentle with her but she knew he 
would not. 

 her mind demanded...

"Turn around and bend over...Now put your head on the floor."
He ordered. She complied, and then he ordered, "Now reach back 
here and spread out those flabby ass cheeks." He ordered her.

 

"I said spread those cheeks bitch. Now do it...  real wide. Wider 
than that. I don't care if it hurts stretch um out. What are you trying 
to hide from me in that stinking hole." he demanded as he traced a 
path to her most private hole with his finger.

 she shouted in her mind as 
his finger penetrated her hole. She was impaled. She tensed up.

SLAP!!!

 A sharp pain came as he slapped her ass with his left hand.

"Don't be tensing up on me bitch. I'll go get me a fire plug  and 
stuff it up here. That'll loosen up this nasty hole  soo much you 
will have to have a pipe cap here from now on." he demanded. 
"Now relax like I was fucking this hole..."

Her neck hurt from supporting her body. Her tits hung down 
obscuring her view of her master. She was experiencing the world 
through his hands. It was humiliating and exciting. She was bent 
over like a bitch in heat. Presenting to a stranger her holes, 
and letting him check out their tightness. 

She should get up! 

She would not let him....

She should scream!

She should....

She held the position he wanted and orgasimed again on his fingers
in her ass. She had wanted a change of lovers... but this was..  well 
certainly it was a change. 

She felt him withdraw his finger from her ass. He wiped them on
her stretched right ass cheek...

 she thought as she realized regretted their loss.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                  Joan's New Life #2

She stayed locked in the humiliating position with the empty feeling. 
Their was nothing else for her to do.

 

Her muscles were locking up and shortly she would not be able to 
move again without help, but she had to obey him. Then he 
'helped' her.

He reached over and grabbed her hair again. He pulled her up  
straight to her knees. He turned her around and grabbed her cheeks with
his smelly right hand. He forced her mouth open and then stuck in his 
smelly fingers.

"Clean up your mess, bitch." He ordered.

The fingers tasted rancid, after all they had just come from her 
ass, but his eyes .. and his expression  ..left no doubt in her mind. 

She hastily cleaned the digits till she only tasted her spit. Here
stomach grumbled but she did as he ordered. She tried not to think 
where they had come from. 

"Got things to do now so I'm going to put you on ice for a while." 
he stated, as he dragged her unresisting body to a large steamer 
trunk in what had been a bedroom. He threw her inside, forced her 
to sit down there. Using a strip of rawhide from inside the trunk, he 
fastened her hands behind her. Then he stuffed a ball into her mouth 
and forced her to bend over sticking her head firmly between her spread 
knees. A slamming and darkness informed her that he closed the lid over
her back. 

She was tied up!!! Locked up in a trunk in total darkness. Cramped in 
the  closed box. She was shaking and scared and... well ... dripping .... like a 
faucet but soon she started to panic. 

She thought back to her sight before he shut her in... Their were 
other trunks in the room. 

Then she heard the hasp being closed and a lock rammed home and closed. 
Then she heard his foot steps retreating and the slamming of the door.

What should she do?? 

Should she scream?? She couldn't

Should she struggle? She couldn't

 She tried to stretch out.  She couldn't

Their was no give in the box. She was now a totally helpless, naked, bound,.... 

 She tried to get her hands down to her cunt... she 
was soo horny... but this was impossible. 

She was suspended in a dark timeless warm room. 

Time stopped for her. She was suspended in time. Hornier that 
ever before and totally dependent on a stud  she did not even 
know.

.................................................

An eternity later she heard the footsteps approaching her tomb. 
Their was a fumbling with a lock in the distance but when she 
heard the top open she realized it was not her being let out. 



She heard muffled voices as her knees were covering her ears. 
Then she definitely heard a slap and steps retreating again. 

She waited again. She had no choice. Again she heard the steps 
approach and she starting dripping as she felt HER  lock being 
undone. 



When the cool air washed over her nakedness she came. 

 

The familiar hand hold in her hair lifted her up out of her 
cramped container. She fell in love with him all over 
again as soon as her eyes met his. If she was free she would have 
hugged him and beg for his attention as it was she could only 
purr and rub against her like a cat on her rubbery legs.

A slap to her face and the admonition,

"Stop that shit. I don't like sweaty sluts fowling my leathers. 
Control yourself you horny Bitch. I'll tell you when, not now. 
Now hold still, while I fix these on that slutty frame."

He produced a web of black nylon straps and proceeded to strap 
her inside the erotic framework. Straps went over her shoulders 
and covered everything usually exposed and framed the normally 
covered parts. He released her wrists and fitted them in gloves 
sewn into the back of the web.

"Ok slut let's go rinse out this drippy cunt for the party." he 
demanded dragging her by her pubic hair to the bathroom. He 
turned on the water in the shower and threw her in. He used the 
hose to sprayed to soap and then rinse her, paying particular attention 
to her cunt and ass crack. A second time he proceeded soap up and  
then to rinse the soap off, with cold water. She had never been washed 
by a man like this before. Like an animal.... a pet... She felt totally HIS. 
Even when the freezing water caused her to shake with the cooling of 
her formally steaming cunt.

He ran his hands over her erect nipples and said, "Nice set of 
head lights there. Looks like they will easily take some large 
rings. Yep look real good, and down here," he grabbed and pulled 
out her right pubis. "Small tasteful rings... Not more than six 
or seven to each side."

 She shook her head.  she 
screamed in her mind. 

This earned her another slap. She saw it coming but due to the 
web and his hold on the neck "D" ring she had to stand there and 
take it. Then, looking into her eyes he began another 
instruction.

"You don't ever rattle that empty head at me or disagree with me. 
I thought I explained that to you before. Now I going to have to 
convince you in a way you will remember for the rest of your 
days with me." he said dragging her to the door. He positioned 
her in the door way and fastened the "D" rings in the web to eye 
bolts fixed in the door frame. She was suspended there like a 
fly in a black web. He bent down and secured her knees to the 
sides of the frame, thus causing her labia's to gape open. 

He went out to the bedroom and stripped to his shorts. He 
returned with a dog whip in his hands and reached out to 
explore her treasured, dripping cunt.

She again began to flow like a river....

"Now I rairly have to do this again. It is very tedious and time 
consuming, but the results usually work." He penetrated her holes 
with his fingers and flicked her clit with his thumb. He 
manipulated her to the point of orgasm and stopped.!! He stepped 
back and whipped the flexible leather covered rod right up into her  
open dripping cunt.

One second she was there... going to cum and then as she was 
exploding in the big "O" came the pain.. or was it pleasure. She was not 
sure. It was soo much it threatened to take her head off...

Never in her short life had she had such feelings. 

"ummmffmduumm" She managed around the ball in her mouth.

It did no good. She tried to close her knees. They were secured... 
She could only stand there and watched in shock and horror as he 
again leaped the vicious little whip again up into her spazming cunt. 
She tried to tense up but their was no time. The slender leather braided 
implement of training unerringly found its target. She burned and ... 
orgasmed again on... was it pleasure... or the pain... She was not sure.

"UMUNUMUUUMMMM" she tried to dissuade him as he reached 
down into her crotch with his left hand and pinched her hurting clit. In a 
moment he had her again approaching 'Cloud 9'. Another quick under 
hand smack to the unprotected nub and she was brought off again.

"This smelly cunt cums on anything don't it bitch?" He inquired 
during his next stroke. "You really need channeling. Yes sir and 
you came to the right place for that. Didn't you bitch." He 
grabbed her hair handle and looked into her straining face. 

She was glad for the ball in her mouth. She would not have known 
how to answer that question. Her body was giving her soo many 
mixed signals.

Her cunt ached.... it hurt but it hurt soo good. What would her 
answer have been, if she could answer?

"Now as that seems to have gotten your attention we will do these 
and then see how you have learned your lesions." he said 
adjusting the black straps under and around her precious tit 
flesh. He drew them tight, adjusted and then tightened them till 
they really sunk into the soft smooth white flesh.

He positively ran his hand over the captive mounds and tickled 
the protruding aureoles. The nipples stood up,  stiffer than 
before, if that was possible.

"I hope I don't have to do this too often. these are so soft and 
smooth. Seems like a shame to have to welt um but here goes. 
You try to remember this in future, now. You hear??" He said 
in a soft smooth voice.

He raised his dog whip and delivered a smash across the hard 
nipples. The flesh indented momentarily and then sprang back to 
their former shape, almost.

The tits owner was horrified. He was...He .... Her precious 
tits... The monster had...

"AHAHAHAHA.......AHAHAHAHAHA" escaped from the ball. 
She sought to wiggle and hide the new targets.

"Now we'll try one from underneath and another one from the top. 
You just hold um out there and I'll do um and we will be 
done...... For now!" he said.

She shook her head. 



"Now bitch you just aren't thinking right. That shaking of the 
empty head was what got you in this mess. Now this is your first 
time so I'm going to be gentle with you." he said softly soothing 
the aching tit flesh. He grabbed her cheeks and starring in her 
eyes went on, "You hold um out there, and no flinching and I'll 
do it and then we go on...Or I can do this till the cows come 
home and then you will do it, only then these will be swollen red 
balloons that will be black,  blue and purple for days. Now I 
need a drink. I'll go get me a beer. When I get back, you show 
me your decision." 

With that he walked away and left her trussed up in the door 
frame with her aching cunt and tits. 

 

Twisting around she found again their was no escape... 

Right now funky old Ted looked like the answer to her prayers.

 

She heard him and then she saw him approach with the beer in his 
left hand and that vicious little whip in his right. He reached down to 
her cunt and played with her swollen love bud with the stiff 
implement. She could not help herself, she heated up inspite of all that 
had happened.... She looked down and the sight of his stuff organ in 
his shorts started to feel horny again.

"Yea this will take a nice big ring. Bet in no time we'll have 
it double in size. Big bitch like you needs a big un to play with 
on those boring nights when I'm indisposed. Oh the fun you will 
have..but now to business." He placed the beer on the bare floor 
and flexed the whip.

"Whippppppp" came the sound as he swished it past her tits.

"Now stick um out there bitch so we can get this over with." he 
demanded.

 she reasoned

She swelled out the aching mammorys out to their fullest and 
closed her eyes waiting for the inevitable....

The under hand stroke to the bottom of them, if anything, hurt 
more that the previous swat across the nipples. She looked down 
and perceived her dancing mammerys in their painful reactions.

She looked up at him, pleading with her eyes. But the deep blue 
pools showed no mercy.

"Just one more to go bitch. Stick um out real pretty for me so I 
can do um up proper." he said as he raised the whip over his 
head.

Dreading this but having come this far she swelled up her burning 
orbs, again closed her eyes and awaited the final stroke.

SPLATT!!

"Good bitch!" he commented as he manipulated her clit to a number 
of orgasms. She could do nothing but stand there, ache, come, and 
come flowing like the slut she had become.

She was totally lost... Try as she might she did not hate the monster
who had whipped her...

SHE LOVED HIM!!!!






~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                    Joan's New Life # 3

She hurt all over. Her cunt hurt from the whip. Her tits hurt 
from the whip, her back and legs ached from her confinement and 
now she was trussed up like a fish in a net. He could do anything 
to her and she could only meekly submit. 



If he had brought in a goat right now and ordered her to, she 
would fuck it, ... or suck the filthy thing, right here ... in front
of him. Such was his hold on her from just the look in his eyes. 

She tried to think back to something stable in her past life. 

Something to haul her out of this. 

She thought of Ted but those eyes, and the soft petting of her 
burning, red streaked tits drove him easily from her conscious 
mind.

"Now I hope we understand each other. I say and you do. No 
disagreements. Cause you want to go all peculiar on me well, we 
will always have mister whip and when we wear this un out we'll 
get us another one." He said undoing her from the eyebolts. He 
helped her to her knees and removed the ball from her stretched  
lips.

"Lookie here bitch! You got me all horny... Now before I 
shower off  the sweat you had me work up I need the horny
thing  serviced, and maybe even drained. Now little miss pussy 
mouth is going to do that for me, ain't she?"

The look in his eye, the whip in his hand, and the soft dangling 
fleshy tube, covered but still, before her eyes convinced her that she 
really wanted.... 

No she really really needed .... 

No she DESIRED to suck off his disgusting dick. 

She looked up at the bulge in his yellow stained shorts and waited. 
For  she was his little miss pussy mouth, or  any other thing he 
wanted her to be.

 

The smell and outline alone set her off again building that 
fluttering in her belly...

When he pulled the stained garment down, the imprisoned organ 
seemed to spring forth and nearly poking her eye out. 

She marveled and did not flinch. The dicks black hole seemed 
to eyed her critically and she looked over her new suck toy. 



"Go on bitch. I know your going to love it. Deep throat that 
mother. Show me how much you love it." he demanded.

She ovaled her mouth and leaned in in an attempt to capture the 
smelly dangling organ.

He slapped the back of her head and grabbed her hair forcing her 
head back to look in his eyes.

"Where are your manners bitch. You young sluts don't know anything 
bout slut edict. You kiss the head and then ask it's permission 
before you suck a mans dick. Then you keep your eyes open and 
watch your provider. Now you try it again or we will have to begin 
again to teach those tits another lesion. Go on now show me what 
an educated slut can do on a man's dick." he explained.

She thought  

She almost balked but he had the whip in his hands and raised it 
as if ready to strike. The ache in her tits and the smoldering of 
her cunt convinced her. She kept her eyes on his and begged.

Smack... she kissed it and began,

"My I suck your dick?" she asked.

His hand descended. The small whip struck at the top of her 
precious nipples. Only the pressure of his hand in her hair kept 
her for falling over on the floor. His smile convinced her he was 
enjoying this, far more than she was.

She screamed and tried to flop around but stopped immediately 
when he said,

"That ain't no way for a slut to show her need for a mans dick. 
You convince me you need to do me or I can keep this up a 
long while. Their is more where that come form. You want 
more? .... NO?? .. Then settle down. I see I got to teach you 
everything. What a dumb slut..."

"When a slut like you sees a dick and you want to suck it, you 
all ways wanna suck dicks.... right??  Then don't just up and 
slurp it lightly. You kiss it and to show your lust ... and then  
you tongue it for a while. Shows dedication to dick. Next you 
ask the owner and you ask damn politely. Show some feelings. 
Remember all ways, you, a worthless slut, a slit, a hole ... are 
asking for the privilege of pleasuring a dick. Just like in them 
romances you feather brain pussies read. Now we going to try 
this again and I will correct your lack of feeling, real or imagined. 
Now get to it..." 

With renewed aching in her tits, She puckered up and french 
kissed the dick. She held the head in her lips and tongued the 
little piss slit. She swirled it. She lapped it. 

Then when she sensed it stiffen slightly, only then did she 
backed off slightly and begged,

"Please sir may I suck your magnificent dick. Please let me, I 
need it sir." She was relieved when he lowered the whip and 
stood there grinning with his pole sticking almost in her eye.

"Not bad, for a first time. A couple of hundred more times and 
you will be tolerable...Well .... Well don't just stay there with your
brains in your cunt... get to it bitch. My dick's awaiting. Don't make 
me have to teach your tits anymore now."

She hurriedly again ovaled her mouth and dove into her task. She got 
him in past her lips on the first try.

 she wondered..

 She was sure he would not just want to sit there and let her hole him 
in her mouth like Ted. She began timidly at first to use her precious 
tongue to stimulate him.

He reached down, grabbed her ears and using them like handles 
drove his dick into her throat. All the while smiling his evil 
smile.

"My slut suckers don't do none of that holy virgin stuff." he 
said.

She commenced to struggling as his dick had now cutoff her air 
supply.

He continued," Pay attention now. the longer you struggle the 
longer I'll keep it there and the longer you will be without air. 
Now listen up. We both know now you can deep throat my 
dick and that is what you are going to do. If I let you breath 
again, you are going to breath quick like, and then swallow 
me, back off and do ur again. Now you do it and I won't have 
to go into detail again, like this, and you will get more air. If 
I have to go into more instruction.. well  how long can you 
hold your breadth??"

He withdrew slightly and she gulped air, then he forced his dick 
back into it's blocking position.

"Now you learn and you better be quick. We got places to go 
and people to meet." he said. "And I won't have you embarrassing 
me by your bad manners."

She withdrew till his dick remained on her tongue she gulped and 
rammed her throat forward. Damn the gag reflex she got it in the 
desired hole. She held him there and licked the under side of his 
shaft, then she reared back and breathed again.

"You little whore, you done this before. I knew it all along. I like 
that. Keep it up just a little faster." he said petting her head like a 
trained animal. His trained animal.

 
she thought. Her self doubts were quickly over come when he 
announced,

"I'm going to blow and you aren't going to show bad manners and 
reject all my nice cum are you bitch?" he speculated, "I'd be 
real hurt and I'd have to .... well you aren't going to show me 
your ungrateful ....Ah ahahahhh... there now lap it all down and 
don't forget your clean up my dick after ward. There's a good 
pussy mouth." 

She looked in his face as his bitter spunk hit her tongue and 
coated her mouth. She swallowed and finally got it all down. Then 
she cleaned his head and pushed the skin back, with her tongue to 
get every last bit. She was relieved when he petted her on the 
head and dragged her to her feet. 

Then it was off to the shower and rinsed her off, with cold 
water. He positioned her on her knees by the door and secured 
her ankles and knees together. He petted her head and told 
her, "Now you just wait right here, and don't roll around and get 
all dirty or I'll have to punish these again and this time we will 
go for five of each position."

The mear thought of his use or the whip on her tits caused then 
to ache. She knelt there and did not move muscle. She heard him 
shower and dry off then he came out with a flaccid dick hanging 
again by her face.

"You get me soo horny you slut. Throat me again. I' going to 
need my head cool tonight."

She looked at him and leaned into the now fresh soap smelling  
crotch and kissed the dick with renewed passion.  



"Please sir let me deep throat your magnificent dick. I need it 
soo bad please." she spoke her lines with a passion this time and 
she felt a stirring in her own loins. 

 she thought as 
she forced him in her throat. 

 she forced the 
thoughts out of her mind. Little miss pussy mouth didn't need to 
think. 

Little Miss Pussy Mouth did her trick for her master...

When he came she did her duty and cleaned up. He petted her head 
and walked back into the bathroom leaving her with his taste in 
her mouth. He returned with a big straight razor. He lifter her up and 
laid her ass on the sink pedestal. She stiffened her back and hunched 
over.  

As she watched with an aching back he proceeded to soap and shave off 
her pubic hair that was accessible. Then he undid the holding straps, 
spread her knees and proceeded to finish the job. 

She was horrified but did not move or object, as he denuded her of what 
she had all ways considered her badge of femininity.

His callous hand running over her till now virgin skin brought 
renewed juicing to her cunt. 

 she thought 

Then he said,

"This going to make quite an impression at the party. Bet all the 
boys and girls too will want to play with this." he said.

She opened her mouth to shout or scream or.... but he forced a 
prod deep inside. The prod was roughly dick shaped but it had a 
taper at the back that, while filling her mouth, allowed her to 
close her teeth to some extent. At the base of the prod was a web 
of black nylon straps that went over her head and held the thing 
in her mouth. He attached it to her other web and now she was a 
fly in a black web. Only her tits, nose and ass stuck out of the 
bindings. But her freshly denuded white slit gleaming inside the 
black web stood out... It was framed and available to any who 
wanted to take the trouble to reached in. They could feel its soft 
supple white skin or explore the inside pinkness...

As he ran his callused fingers over it he explained,

"Now we are going to a party and these are my friends so you just
open up and give um a good time. Oh yea  ...There'll be games ...like 
you like.... You know "Little Miss Pussy Mouth" and I'll bet you
really ;love "Lick the Slit" .... All you sluts love that ... and  of course
their will be "Whose's that Fucking My Ass Hole" etc. 

"Now you, being the new slut, will probably be passed around a 
lot but you want it don't you." he explained as she listened in 
horror. Then his fingers, which had been stroking her throbbing 
clit, seized it and gave it a twist,

 "DON'T YOU BITCH?" He repeated.

She rapidly acquiesced to save her valuable bud. 





~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                    Joan's New Life # 4

He produced a black cape and attached it to her collar bindings. 
It draped over her body and gave her her first covering since 
this morning. True it just covered her freshly shaved cunt and 
she could not bend over without exposing her sex but it was 
covering. Then he lowered a set of blinders and she went back 
into the dark world she seemed to be in so much of during her 
time with him. Again she felt the stirring of her loins. Again she 
was in his large rough hands.. What more could she ask for.

She heard him snap a leash to her collar ring and then a tug 
to this lead dragged her out of the apartment. They walked down 
the hall. 

 

They went to  the elevator and descended to the basement 
garage of the building.

She prayed no one she knew saw her like this. Would they 
recognize her?? What would they think if they saw her thus 
barely covered and a trussed up like some drooling kinky 
sex slut.. 



The mear suggestion of this, this morning she would have fought 
the thought. She was a normal woman. She had a job, a boy 
friend,  ...dull,  ...dull,  ...dull....  

But now.. what was she... She was not sure. Did she want this? 
She was not sure, but their was nothing she could do now but go 
with it.

They walked across the basement. Her bare feet were freezing on 
the cold concrete but she could not complain. She heard a car door 
open. He man handled her into the car seat, and belted her in. 
He walked around to the drivers side and drove her off, she knew 
not where. 

The cape billowed slightly, and she felt a cold breeze over 
her naked trusted up body. Her nipples hardened and 
threatened to bored holes in her cloth covering.

A long time later they stopped and he extricated her from the 
car. He walked/lead her up some stairs, by the leash, to the 
unseen door. He rang the bell and they waited. She was scared 
out of her mind. 

Then the  door opened and a female voice said,

"Don, I am soo glad you could come. Well you have another 
slut. Boy do you collect um. Is she private or are you going to 
share?"

"Since when do I not share with you darling? I'll even let you 
unwrap the package and lead her in. I'm thirsty. I'll hit the bar. 
You take her around and show her off." he said. "I want the 
groups opinion on the decorating of the bitch. Don't tell um
who she belongs to right now..."

"OOOO You are soo good to me. Come along slut, let Tina unwrap 
you and see the pretty things Don brought for us to play with." 
the female voice said. 

A tug on her neck showed her that she was now controlled by this, 
this bitch. 

 She balked and 
then felt a pair of nails reach under her covering and grab her 
right labia. They sunk in and gave a sharp twist. 

"Don't have a shit fit slut. Don is not the jealous type. He knows 
a slut like you, likes to look her sluttiest when she meets a new 
group, so that is why he gave me, you. Now come along, nice now, 
or little Tina will whip your slutty ass." demanded the voice with a 
steady pull on her neck and distended labia.

She heard a door close behind her. Then she  felt the cape being 
removed. Female hands washed over her formally private parts. 

Tina rouged her tits and then coated her nipples with lip stick. 
When Tina was satisfied she knew the goodies and they were
being shown off properly, she tugged the leash forward,

"Isn't that just like a man. He did not even let you make up your 
tits. You are positively pale. You should do some nude sun 
bathing slut. You tits are nice and the straps really make um 
stand out." 

She felt the feminine hand float over her silken tit flesh again. 

"I see you have been a bad slut, and caused Don to correct 
you." 

The soft touch traced the soar line where he swatted her nipples 
with the whip. 

"But they seem to take to it well. Now the cunt seems too smooth. 
Bet he just did it himself. Spread those knees so I can check it out. 
Don sometimes misses the inside. The Boys here will be upset if he 
missed any of that nasty hair. They like their sluts hairless down here."

She felt the female hands on her now sore neither lips and they 
were pulled and twisted then to insure she spread out as required. 

It was mortifying to be here. Examined like .... some ... animal  by 
some other woman but she had no choice and the bitch knew how 
to insure her cooperation.

"Well OK looks good Don really did a good job on you, slut. He
must like yours ass. Now I think the colored aureoles with bright 
red lipstick and maybe the pussy hole too. Some light blush on the 
rest of the rest of the tits to soften the paleness and well nothing 
I can do for the mouth now. He did not give me the keys to the web. 
Probably thought I'd have a private go at those pouting lips, 
and just between us girls I would have. Now lets get the 
paint on and get you out on the display floor." The voice said.

She felt the stuff being painted inside her sex lips. 





"There that is the best I can do for now. Do you have to pee or 
shit?" the voice asked.

Mortified she shook her head "No!"

"OK but you feel like you need to pee. OK then if you do... You tell 
me and I'll get one of the guys to take you. You seem shy about being 
with me. I'll fix that soon but now... Lets go meet the gang." she 
heard and a tug to he neck lead her into her new life. 

 she thought 

"GANG LISTEN UP!! THIS IS A NEW SLUT BROUGHT BY AN ....
ANOMONOUS DONOR. HE TELLS ME SHE IS A HOT ONE AND 
SHE IS FREE FOR THE EVENING SO LOOK HER OVER AND 
MAKE ARRANGEMENTS WITH ME FOR HER SERVICES." the female 
voice shouted over the loud music.

She smelled cigar smoke and felt a rough hand on her ass. Another 
soft hand flew over her cunt lips with accompanying female perfume.

"Do you like it in the ass cutie?" a gruff voice asked. 

She wanted to scream when his finger was forced into her ass 
hole but the prod kept her relatively quiet.

"Do you have a long tongue?" a female voice asked and then a 
flood tide of hands and questions flowed over her cringing naked 
body. She wanted to run and hide, but blind and trusted up as she 
was she could do nothing but stand there, cringe, and endure..

"She must have a really ugly face, for him to close her mouth in 
this web shit." came a male voice as a male hand sought to hold 
her face up for his perusal.

"Na he knows that you would get a hard on, and then be bitching 
all night when he would not accept any of your old sluts in trade
for this." another male suggested jokingly. Another hand sought 
out her slit...

"Men and Ladies, let's simmer down. Don now that they gang has all 
seen her, and they like her so far. Why not take out the mouth plug 
and let us really get acquainted with the sluts uses." came Tina's 
voice from her left side.



"Can't a man have a quiet drink in peace?" Don's voice said from 
somewhere far away. "Tina I told ya, she is for display. I haven't 
blocked off her cunt or ass. So what is the problem??? Fuck her if 
any of ya you wanna . She will love you for it."

"Unfair, unfair," came Tina's voice, "She can not service the 
females with her mouth plugged and you kept the keys. We
demand equal treatment."

"Bitch bitch, that is all I hear from you these days Tina...OK 
here's the key but only the mouth plug. She is shy!! Seeing all these 
cocks and asses 'll freak her out. Don't want her getting scared, 
when she sees that gaping maw or yours Tina. She'd be afraid she'd 
be swallowed up in there." Don's voice commented.

Hands forced her down on her back on the floor. Hands spread her 
legs and a fat short dick penetrated her immediately.  No foreplay,
Nothing.... Her hole stretched to accommodate it, good thing she
was all juiced up. She had never had one like this in her. The man 
seemed to puff like a steam engine and soon shot his wad. He was 
immediately replaced by a long slim dick.

It hurt her. This dick was trying to punch holes in her cervix.
When she felt the plug being removed from her mouth, she tried to 
protest, but a pair of long smelly wet lips quickly covered her 
oral hole. She almost could not breath...

"Come on slut. Show old Tina what that tongue can do!" came from 
the lips owner.

 She 
felt a pair of nails capture her right nipple and the nails begin 
to dig into it. A couple of twists and her tongue shot forth to the 
previously abhorrent target. She found the bitches huge bud and 
began to flick it. Anything to get the nails to stop.

"Cutie has done this before. She went right to the clit. 
Experienced slut you got here Don. Where do you find them?" Tina 
asked.

"This one followed me home. What could I do?? She hung around 
with some wimp. If I hadn't taken her in, she'd of probably wound up 
fucking sailors on the docks. Nice guy me... I took her in and am 
giving her an education. Any complaints yet??" Don's voice inquired 
from somewhere above her.

Tina came quickly and coated her face with girlie cum and got off 
her face. She gasped air but soon felt another pair of smelly 
cunt lips with rough kinky pubic hair cover her face.

"Come on girlie... MAMA want to come. NO NO Don't you be going to 
the clit first off.... You start in the back there. Lick it good." came the 
new lips owner's voice. "Show old Liza May how you do fucking ass 
holes with that nice new pink tongue. Be real educational for a slut
like you..."

She attempted to rise up but a large hand covered her soar right 
tit and she knew that their was no option. She also felt her 
knees being raised to her chest and then a probing started at her 
own ass hole.

"Yea bitch seems to be ready for a nice ass fuck." a male voice 
inquired.

"Wait a minute, Wait one damn minute. I want firsts on her ass. 
John get out of there and let me have her for a while. Liza May 
you just sit right there. She seems to like all the attention. 
Don't you bitch?" Don's voice said.

"You herd the man slut. Do my ass and he be going to do yours. 
Don, let me put it in for you. I glad to help you with a little bitch 
like this un." came the female voice.

"Ok Liza but put it in the sloppy hole first. Don't want to skin 
up my dick on a tight virgin ass hole." Don's voice said.

"Oh please Don let me lub it up for you. I do a good job on it 
for that nice big white meat. Yes sir that be a big un. Let me 
help..."

"Ok Liza, but not too much. I want her to feel it." Don said.
"Really feel it..."




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                    Joan's New Life # 5

 
She thought as she felt her poor little ass grommet try to 
resist the stiff invader.
 
It was a losing battle she realized. She tried to push out to 
ease Don's passage. It still hurt like hell for she was truly a 
virgin back there till now.



Two hands clutched her tit meat and a female voice said, "Back to 
work slut. Liza's awaiting. Old Don there be going in fine. You 
concentrate on Liza's ass hole, hear." The hands shook her 
precious orbs and convinced her to continue with her tonguing of 
the smelly ass hole, while her own tight little grommet was being 
destroyed by Don's huge male member.

She grunted. She shook her but and soon the attempts to relax 
were rewarded. She breaded a sigh of relief when she felt his 
hairy balls resting in her ass crack. He was finally all the way in.
 She felt soo stuffed... but suddenly she felt her neglected gaping 
wet pussy hole convulse. 

 

Her whole ass crack was on fire.

"Bitch is really tight. You ought to thank me Ron. When you go 
next she will be broken in. Just think. She might have  bent that 
little fucker of your'n in half." Don said. "Come on bitch do 
some more of that coming, like a good little slut," as he 
continues to rub her nub and hold his stiff member deep in her 
churning ass.

She attempted to stab Liza's ass grommet to get the show on the 
road but try as she might she could not get her tongue in the 
tight female grommet before her. She came and came but could not 
cause the bitch to cum and get off her face.

"NO NO slut you  got's to relax it. Lots more of licking. Show it 
you love it and then it let you in. Come on slut hurry up I want 
to cum over that slutty face afore I falls asleep here." Liza 
ordered and she started to twist the tit orbs in her hands.

She hated her self. She hated this use of her precious tongue, 
but she began the required orbits of the girls hairy neither 
hole. (Twist her tits and she would do anything .... even lick 
some strange ass hole.) Then Don's dick began its slow maddening 
withdrawal from it's recent home. Momentarily she felt a loss. 
Then she was sure he was pulling her guts out with his 
withdrawal. Maybe he would just pull it all out there and she 
would...

He backed out till only his dick head was in her ass grommet 
and she heard,

"Here let me give you a foot."   As Ron, angered at the loss of 
her ass hole's virginity planted a food on Don's ass and drove 
him back into her bowels with a vengeance.

She reared up and this time her tongue did penetrate right into 
Liza's ass. Liza came right away. Their was no holding back. Now 
she was fucked at both ends. Don even came from the friction and 
his quick withdrawal.

Then she heard an argument among the guys but she had no rest 
another pair mounted up and she began to lick and fuck. This went 
on and on. She lost count at eight ... or was it ten pairs of 
fuckers.. She became a coming machine. Stick it in and she comes. 
Sit on her mouth and get licked off. No waiting..... Come one ...
Come all....

Finally someone let her legs down and no one mounted up on her 
face. She heard Tina's voice say,

"Not bad for first time, if it was your first time? Now lets go 
get you cleaned up for the critique. You have worn off all the 
nice make up I put on for you before. You are a real slut aren't 
you?"

"You are going to be popular with the group, except for Ron. 
I think Don broke his nose. Can't blame him though. Don's 
beautiful dick could have been really hurt with that little joke 
of Ron's."

She could not get her legs to work right and her tongue was soo 
sore that she could not even try to talk. She staggered where Tina 
dragged her blind and naked. She was sat down on a toilet seat. At 
first she thought she was bleeding but then she knew it was only the 
copious amounts of cum flowing from her well used holes. Soon she 
added to the flow and other things seemed to just drop right out. Her 
crotch was totally out of control. She came again. 

 she thought.

Then Tina said, "Now lets use this nice little nozzle and get 
your cunt back in shape for the critique."

She did not even feel it when the long slim orifice slipped way 
inside her and it took time for the cold water to register 
inside her. Suddenly she realized that she was being douched and 
frozen from the inside out. Soothing but freezing. Her crotch was 
awash with mixed up feelings. She was not sure whether it was 
painful ..... or what. She could just sat there and let Tina do her.

She heard the animal sounds but it took a while to realize that it 
was her shivering and trying to make Tina stop cold stop.

"You big baby, You want me to turn on the hot and blister that 
little fuck tube?? Don would have my ass sewed up for a month if 
I did that. Now hold still ... Tina knows how to fix up a whored out 
cunt. Just relax and I'll have you back fucking in no time."

The door banged open, and Don's voice came to her shivering 
body.

"Enough of that shit. I want a group opinion on my plans for this 
little whore. Get that out of there. Get up now!"

She was glad to feel the cold water stop and it's last remnants 
drain out of her. Don was here he would take her away and....

He stood her up and dragged her away from Tina's clutches. He 
man handled her a distance and then stood there holding her 
shoulders from behind. He began,

"I think these," she felt his warm right hand mold her right tit 
and draw it out of its strap, "need some big rings. Don't want no 
puny nipple things just yet. Want big uns behind the aeroles so 
they won't pull out when I want to yank um. Then down here I 
want a tasteful arrangement of six or eight, small ones, all up and 
down these," his left hand pulled out her pussy lips to show the 
desired location, "and a nice ring through this little sucker." he found
pulled out and pinched her now distended clit.

She sank back into his male frame. His dick nestled in her ass 
crack. He was discussing mutilating her body but she was soo 
tired she did not care. If he let her sleep for a while she would 
eat his shit...anything..... just let her rest...

"Well any opinions to the contrary? When can you do her Walt?"

"Well I' too drunk and tired now Don. How about tomorrow. I'll 
open the shop special for you. Whose going to pay?" came a 
familiar voice.

"Well the whore pays of course. After all it is for her own good. 
Ain't it bitch." Don said in her ear.

She didn't argue she was too far gone. She just nodded. 


"What about a stud in her tongue for the ladies?" Tina asked. 
"After all we are going to get some use out of this bitch too, or 
are you going to keep her strictly for studding?"

"Yea bitch needs something to get me off. I liked to fell 
asleep there when I's setting on her face." came Liza's voice.

"What kind of work you do bitch?" Don asked her.

"I...I'm a lawyer...." she managed to spit out with great effort. 
She sought to sink into his male frame and hide from all these 
perverted people who were casually discussing her body.

"Na... No tongue stud for now. Can't have her slurring her words. 
She might lose her job and then we'd have to sell he off to some 
pimp." Don explained.

 Joan thought...

"Aw shit. We never get any voice in this you male pigs get it all." 
Tina interjected.

"Damn right and you love it cunt. Now I got to take the bitch 
home and see about getting her settled in for the night." Don 
said as he dragged her to the door. "See you tomorrow Walt."

"Wait a minute stud put the cape on her. You want her arrested 
for indecent exposure? MEN." Tina said. "I'll come over tomorrow 
and help Walt. These need a woman's touch." she explained as she 
tweaked Joan's aching nipples.

She felt the sheer covering and again felt more secure. The cool 
night air blew up under it but it did give her some comfort 
during the ride home. She must have passed out for the ride 
seemed to take only seconds.

Don dragged her inside somewhere and took off the cape. He forced 
her down on her knees before him. He rotated the blinders up and off 
saying,

"Clean that slime off my dick and don't forget your manners or 
Mister whip and I'll whip your tits again."

She blinked in the light after being in the dark for soo long. 
She saw the slime covered dick, but she knew the penalty for 
refusal. So she looked up in his cruel eyes and kissed his 
flaccid dirty dick.

Then she said as instructed, "Please sir my I clean your 
beautiful dick. I need it so much!"

"Yea get to it. I got things to do before I get to go to bed."

She ovaled her mouth, scooted under the dangling member and 
swallowed him to the fullest. 


she thought.

She sucked, she deep throated, she licked, she rinsed him and he 
just stood there. Nothing. 

Her hopes were dashed as he then cuffed he hands behind her back 
and then he forced her into the back room. again and to the waiting
open trunk. She started to object, but it would have been no contest. 
Soon he had her again seated in the cramped trunk, bent double over, 
again her knees covered over her ears. Again as he slammed the lid 
and she heard him said as he left her there,

"Now you get some shut eye. You got a big day ahead of you 
tomorrow. That Walt is an artist. You think you got a great bod 
now, wait till you see it all decorated tomorrow."

Her hopes of escape vanished in the dark of the trunk. She herd 
the lock fitted into the hasp.

"Don't let me hear any belly aching in there, or me and Mister 
dog whip will come visit you. I'm tied now and I need my rest 
too."

She wondered where Ted was tonight, good old safe Ted. She had 
had him all rapped around her finger ....but this ....Don.... 

Just the thought of this brut and the events of this evening...

She started dripping again. She must be losing he mind. 

The animal had stripped her, beaten her, whored her out to men 
and WOMEN... This was the most horrible and exciting day in her 
life. What would tomorrow bring??? The horror and the wonder of 
it gave her another cum.

Good safe Ted...dull Ted... she had wanted a change and 
now....???




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                    Joan's New Life # 6

She woke in the night and if it wasn't for the cramped position 
and the handcuffs holding her arms behind her back she would 
have though this was all a bad dream. When she tried to 
straighten up though, and her back met the unyielding top of the 
trunk she was assured... She drifted off again into a troubled fitful frustrated 
sleep. 

Finally the top was opened again and fresh air flowed over her, 
she was soo cramped up she could not even move to get up. He 
had to help her used the familiar hand in the hair hold to even 
get her head up. Then a steady pull was required to get her out of 
her 'resting' place.

She was lead to the bathroom and forced down onto her knees.
from this position she looked up at 'her' new stud...

"Time for your morning gargle bitch. You just relax kneeling 
right there and have a nice drink from old Don's fountain." He 
explained drawing his flaccid dick from his tight jeans. Though 
in the relaxed state, it seemed to have erupt through the tiny gold 
teeth of the zipper which made it look like a huge tongue coming 
from some primitive mouth. She was horrified at the thought of 
what he now required of her and seeing its single starring eye she 
shuttered.  Her back was screaming from her 'rest' in the night. 
her stomach was grumbling....

 but the look in his eyes, when she 
looked into his face, told her he did. She shrank back from this 
horrible one eyed monster's sight. 



"Come on bitch. We got things to do and I've been saving it just 
for you. I got a whole lot for you too. I drank a lot last night so 
let's recycle it," he demanded, "and you spill a drop or upchuch 
and I'll have you lick that up too. Now get on with it."

Their was no choice. With her shackled hands she could only 
shutter and lurched over to him. Doing a delicate balancing act 
as he stoically stood there, she position her head for the 'gargle'. 
She lowered her head, ovaled her lips, and using her tongue to
lift the smelly head, took him inside her oral cavity.  He looked
down smiling at his new 'bitch' all the while remained flaccid 
and smiling at her obedience. 

When she had a good purchase on the soft organ she heard...

"Look up here toilette mouth. Here it comes..."

Despite a sore neck, she managed to look up into his smiling 
face... again his deep blue pools captivated her...

He started to peed, at first, in small sprits. She managed to 
swallow, and then swallowed again.

It was horrible... 

"OK now that you got the hang of it let's really let her rip." he 
said still smiling at her the whole time.

The spurts became a trickle, and the trickle increased to become  
a river. She had to struggle to keep up and a couple of times she 
almost lost it but then when it felt hopeless and started to 
come out her nose. Then it began to slacked off and finally 
after an eternity the inflow stopped, leaving her with a 'only' a 
mouth full to finish. Her rumbling belly, burning throat, horrible 
taste in her mouth and that piss smell from a men's room only 
remained... 



"Not bad for a first time, we'll do it every day from now on. I 
know you will come to just love it.. I can tell about you bitch. 
Ah well ... Come on now you got a busy day ahead of you. 
Can't have you going back to sleep, and have you sleep right 
through your own decoration day. Just a couple of things 
to get to first." He said as he lifter her to her feet and lead 
her, with the hand in the hair hold, to the kitchen counter.

"Make out a check to cash for $3018.57." he demanded as he 
released her right hand from it's cuff. He kept hold of the loose 
one there by keeping her imprisoned by the left wrist.

There on the counter was HER CHECK BOOK!, and her 
debit card.

"Now look her...AHHHH" 

She started but Mr. whip smashed into her left tit. She tried 
to cover her tit with her free hand but all ready she knew it 
was futile. He raised Mr. Whip again in order to strike again.

"I can do this all day. Walt will wait. You just tell me when 
you're ready to write the check." he said flexing the whip as 
if to strike again...

"All right All right I'll do it but that is all the money I have 
in the world." she begged. Then she grabbed the pen and wrote 
the check under his gaze and the shadow of Mr. whip. 

"Now Joan that is mighty nice of you to give me that pittance from
your checking account. We will use it for your decorations today. 
Now I want the pin number for your savings account. That sucker 
will keep us love birds for quite a long while." He said 
flicking the whip again and again to secure her compliance. 

She stood shrinking as far away as the cuffed left wrist would 
allow and then she said,

"55387"

"Good bitch. Now while you relax and take a nice bubble bath. 
I'll go cash this check and try out our card. You just relax and 
make yourself all nice and clean and sweet smelling for your 
decoration. You better not have told me the wrong number 
though, or when I get back, these tits'll suffer." he said petting 
her precious tits.

"Damn you sure are sexy in the morning. Get over the ottoman 
there. Belly down ... I think I'll fuck my new hole." Don said.

He dragged her over to the ottoman, forced her over it face down 
and knelt behind her. 

 She thought.

He reached down and captured her right wrist and secured it 
again behind her back without missing a stroke. 

The feeling of helplessness... being chained naked like this... 
The fullness of her cunt... She was...



He leaned over her back...reached down ... and managed to 
grabbed the dangling sore sex orbs. A slight twist to get her 
attention and he demanded,

"MOO for me you fine bitch. MOO for old Don.  Come on bitch,
you know you love it.... Ride me like the bitch you are."

 

"MOOOOOO    MOOO     MOO",  she exclaimed and fucked 
back with all her might as he kept a firm demanding grip on her 
tits.

"Yes sir this is good pussy, but a little work on it and I'll 
have it perfect won't I bitch?" he demanded with another twist.

"MOO!! MOO!!! I mean ..yes .. Do... Sir..." she shouted as she 
had the first of many orgasms. 



"MOO MOOO MOO" She bellowed over and over...

Finally he came and withdrew from her sloppy fucked out cunt. 

She kept on coming for a while even with an empty cunt!! She
finally stopped   exhausted, and just lay there ...  panting..

He rose up and used the 'hand in the hair hole' to drag her 
unwilling frame up to the upright kneeling position. He came 
around from behind her and demanded,

"Lookie here bitch. You got my nice clean dick all dirty. Clean 
up that mess you nasty bitch."

Shuttering she looked at the disgusting thing that had recently 
been the source of her great pleasure. She agreed... it looked
disgusting all slimy and wet.... Then she ovaled her mouth and 
accepted him into her cleaning apparatus.

 She thought as her tongue washed 
away the traces of her previous passion.

Then he dragging her into the bathroom. He lifted a length of 
chain from the floor that was fastened to the toilette tanks pipe 
and secured it around her neck. Then he released her wrists from 
the cuffs and removed them from her grasp.

He ran his hand over her mound and demanded, "Use this depilatory 
on this shit. I find any stubble when I get back and I burn out 
the suckers with my lighter. Don't like a scratchy pussy. Now  I 
want to find a clean sweet smelling smooth whore when I get back. 
You understand ME?"

She could only stair at him and nod. He was never going to let 
her go.. why was she dripping too. He reached into the folds of 
her dripping cunt and began to build another fire in her loins. 
Then when she was again hotter than a fire cracker he stopped 
and held her hands away from her body, till she cooled, so she 
could not finish her self.

"Now what is the limit of the card, and the number again?" he 
demanded.

Wriggling in heat she said, "$300 a day and 55348."

He reached down and finished her off in no time. Then he ordered,

"Remember depilatory and lots of soap. Don't want a smelly whore 
like now to take to Walt's. Now for being such a good whore I'm 
going to let you play with your self right now." 

"Show me what a  good whore you are."

She tried to rub against him but he exclaimed as he slapped her 
face,

"How many times I have to tell you, I don't like smelly whores 
fucking up my clothes?" 

"Now you start stroking that clit.... and you do it good NOW!!"

She tried to sit on the toilette, but he made her stand and spread 
her legs and performed the required deed under his scrutiny. 



"Come on, come on...  rub it... Oh yea..... and MOO for  me. 
You beautiful bitch... MOO for me..." he demanded. He reached 
out for her tits, and rubbed her stiff nipples...

Horrified she bellowed, and stroked and bellowed... 

Then she came almost blowing her head off at his touch. 

"MOOOOOOO. Moooo..." She bellowed and slumped to 
the cold tile floor...

He smiled and petted her head, like you pet a puppy when it 
does a trick for you and said ,

"Good little whore. Coming like that just for me. Now I 
want ya to wash out my smelly cunt, and do not let me catch 
you fucking with it till I get back and tell you to."

"I catch ya fucking around with it.... Mr. Whip and I will be real
real man... You don't want that..."

With that order he turned and walked out of the room and the 
apartment.

She sat there with her hands in her crotch when he left. She had 
never felt so humiliated in her life. Just the thought of it 
made her hot but his warning came back to her. She quickly 
removed her hands from there... She sat on the toilette and 
peeded. She found a bottle of mouth wash and tried to get his 
piss taste out of her mouth. She looked about her from her seated
position on her thrown. The bathroom was almost totally 
bare. Plastic bottles for all the things and no mirror. She tried 
to pull the chain out but it was steel and she was not superman. 

She reached down to her crotch and was going to.... 



But Mr. Whip could....

Her hands left the temptation...

So as their was nothing else to do.  She could not leave 
so she ran the water, used the depilatory and took a long 
hot bubble bath. She carefully washed out her cunt and 
ass. She knew he would check. So she did them again...

Suddenly he came into the room frightening her. She made 
to cover her charms but his look convinced her to stay and 
keep it all there for his perusal. He looked her over, smiled, 
and then ordered,

"Ain't that a dick hardening sight. Bitch you are one of the 
nicest pussy that ever followed me home. Come on kneel up 
here and play pussy mouth for me."

The huge tongue with the one black eye emerged from the gold 
teeth. What choice did she have? She knelt up and french kissed 
his swollen dick. She said her lines and then deep throated him. 

 she reflected with him deep in her throat between gulps
of air. 

Her efforts were rewarded with a mouth full of thick cum. 



He dragged her up by her hair after she had his dick cleaned off 
and he rinsed her off with the hose attachment.

"Spread out those lips for me like the bitch you are. Open wide 
for Don's hose. Don doesn't want no smelly whore. You didn't 
play with this while I was gone did you??"

"No ..... sir" she said softly.

She was delighted. He was taking an interest in her and then she 
shrieked when he forced the water hose in her cunt. He held it in 
her, while she struggling for a full minute before he let her take 
it out.

She felt ... cold... and ...mad ... as the water run out of her cunt,
she hoped he wouldn't stick the hose back up there with the 
hot water.






~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                    Joan's New Life # 7

Joan stood there in the tub dripping wet before Don as he 
inspected her, every  part of her and remembered how she had 
always cherished her privacy in her bath. 

She had never let anyone, ever, see this much of her privates 
or  her body orifices before. 

She was .... humili ... ashame.... 

No she was turned on like the slut he kept calling her... and she 
was standing there reveling in it. She stood there and  tried to 
reach around to hug him as he fingered her neither hole, looking
at its twitching reaction. 

He reared back away from her touch.. and told her, again,  with his
hand raised to strike....

"Slut you all wet. When will you ever learn not to fuck up my 
leathers. Now you behave... just get over there. Sit down on the 
toilette and dry that ugly mop of yours. We will have to dye that 
some time..... Maybe a tasteful shade of violet or maybe green ,
something that show's off the merchandise... but we got no time 
now. So dry it and get ready to travel."

She sat on the seat and dried her wet hair. 

She was still a chained, denuded sex slave ..... and ....

SHE LOVED IT!!!!

She felt sooo horny but his rejection had quieted her somewhat. 
When her hand went to her crotch, he quickly slapped then away. 

"Not now Slut. I told you we got places to go." He admonished.

She was mortified. Her body though not her's had betrayed her 
again. She felt soo slutty....

When she was reasonably dry she turned to find him with his right 
hand outstretched and the web of black straps dangling from it...

He unlocked her chain and ordered...

"I like the effect of this on you. Put it back on. TIGHT..." 

She took the tangle of black straps in her hands and tried to make 
some sense of them.  

She remembered her experience of last night bedecked in them and 
shuttered...

"Come on you lazy bitch get 'dressed'. I told you we got 
places to go." he ordered impatiently.

Finally she figured it out somewhat...She put her legs through the 
large holes in the web and pulled the collection up to her waist.

She found the buckle and closed it around her middle...  The buckle 
was tight.... It compressing her normally flat stomach somewhat, 
causing her chest to rise and her tits to stick out further.... 

As it was 6 inches high, it covered her waist and seemed to form a
framed her smooth white skinned sex lips. She pulled the web further 
up and slid her arms through the appropriate openings. These straps went
around and framed her tits. They covered nothing but caused her long 
pink tit tips to stick out further than ever before.... 

This done she felt a new strap had been added since last night. It was thin
and hanging down from the waist strap. It was anchored in the back, and it 
just naturally slipped into her ass crack.

"Now cinch the neck collar tight. It will keep you looking 
straight ahead." he ordered. 

She cinched it tight and now she would have to choke herself to look 
down at her own tits.

"Here fit these to the crotch  strap and we will have you all descent 
and dressed for traveling." he said handing her two smooth fat dildos.

She looked horrified at them when she realized he wanted her to 
plug her own holes for him. 

 went through her mind. 

She turned to him red faced and he ordered,

"Hurry up bitch. times' a wasting, or do I have to use Mr. whip on 
these tits. They are going to be sore soon but you want to make 
um doubly so... You just raise a fuss." His hand went down to the 
ruler pocket of his leather pants, where he had  Mr. whip. She 
quickly doubled over, and choking in the process grabbing for 
the damn crotch strap.

She fitted the hollow ends of the dildos into now slack strap. 
They were both the same size so she knew he wanted her really 
plugged up. Gingerly she squatted and fitted the dummies into 
her dripping holes. The smooth white plastic dummies were large 
and the fit was difficult and very tight. 

Choking and struggling she finally managed to feed the strap 
through her pussy lips, careful to insure that delicate tissue did not 
become trapped and pinched when she buckled it up. She did it, 
choking through out the kinky task. When she was finally 'done', 
and they were inside her, she tried to straightened up slowly...
Her insides felt terrible stuffed and she felt better bent over.

"What a slutty whore you are, and you a lawyer too. You can see 
them things sticking out. Well if that is how you want them." he 
said. "Now just like last night put the pretty  paws into the 
hand holders and I'll buckle them in. We don't want them to get 
you in trouble playing with MY TOYS.... Ideal hands you know."

She saw no alternative. She let him capture her hands to the 
gloves sewed on the waist strap. 

 she decided.  

She tried to walk but the filling dummies caused her to waddle as 
they seemed to pulsate with each step she tried to take. She was 
going to give herself a cum just walking down the street....

 she hoped, to her self. Her only 
comfortable position was still bent over and bowl legged.

He looked over his possession. 

He twisted the tits to insure that they stuck out and presented 
themselves to their best. He pinched the nipples... and ran a 
hand over and spread neither lips. This cause a shiver in her 
whole frame. She resisted the urge to rub up against him. 



"This just ain't right. I can not take you out with these sticking out 
like this. Here let me fix it." he said as he unbuckled the tight 
crotch strap. 

She exhaled as the pressure was relieved. He was going to 
release her holes. She hopped!!!

He gave an upward yank that lifter her off the floor by the thin 
crotch strap. The dildos were forced into her vitals to their full 
depth. She could not even gasp, as her organs scooted around to 
make room for the unyielding dummies. He got a new grip and 
yanked it upward again, insuring that their was now no slack. The
strap now resided all along her perineum. Then he secured 
the buckle. As the strap was already in her grove he did not 
catch a pussy lip. If he had it would be cut off now. As it was 
her love button was pressed against her pubic bone and she 
stimulated it just breathing let alone walking.....

"There now we got no hangey down dildos in my whore. She'll 
be all stuffed and covered." he explained to Joan.

She could only gasp and try to hobble bowl legged to relieve the 
stuffed feeling. In her motion  she sought to shift the dongs 
dummies to a more comfortable place inside her body. She knew he 
would not, and she could not, remove them till it pleased him so 
she had to waddle and bear it.

He came back with a leash and a silk cape. 

She breathed a sigh of relief. 

 

Then he secured the leash to her collar and said,

"ME Ladies Traveling Unsom is complete. Let's get the show on the 
road."

A lifting motion and a yank assured her that she had to 
straighten up and follow her Lord and Master. The dummies shifter 
through many positions as she completed the maneuver. Then finally 
she found herself rapidly stepping with a tip toe gate like a 
ballerina dancer to keep up with his pace and the quell the 
motion of the things inside her privates somewhat.



Standing at the elevator door she saw Erin, her next door 
neighbor emerge from the car. She was coming back from walking 
her dog, Brutus. She tried to step side ways into the car 
quickly without being recognized but Brutus stopped her. He stuck 
his canine nose under the cape and tried to nuzzle the soaked 
nylon strap encase part that was her sex. She tried to turn but 
she heard,

"I'm sorry, but his nose is soo sensitive and he sticks it....Oh 
Joan it's you. I almost didn't recognize you. That is some 
outfit. You going to a costume party or something." 

"Yea we are going to a decorating party." Don's deep voice 
caused Erin to turn her head to the powerful male speaker. "I like 
your  dog. He is a nice little puppy. We'd like to have you and he 
over some time soon but we got this decorating party just now so 
you will have to excuse us now."

"Oh yes...yes that would be nice, I'm...Erin...I live in...." 
Erin started as the door was closing.

"Number #24...I know. You will be hearing from us ...SOON." 
Don called through the now closed slit.

"Slut that crotch of yours is dick hardening to man and beast 
ain't it? You go for dogs too?? Don't ya?? " He asked her... As
he ran his right hand under the cape and gently scratched her
neither lips....

She was too dumbfounded to even answer a question like that? She 
starred horrified at him. 



"That be a sight to see... You with that big black dobbie of Erin's 
strapped on ya ... right in the saddle. I bet old Erin would be really 
pissed ... hornier than a goat but pissed she didn't think of it first... 
You and she lezzies or something?" He inquired idly.

"I never... I mean she and I are good frien.. we have had coffee 
together but ... we nev..." She stammered as she was shuffled across 
the concrete basement floor by the leash....

He stopped and opened the car door.. 

The door to, HER CAR!  He had lead her to her own car. He had 
her keys. He force her down into the leather bucket seat. He set her
down flat on the leather seat. The dongs deep inside her require her to 
sit kind of funny, but he would not let her. 

He forced her up straight and her innards shifted. Then he buckled 
her in tight....

"All nice and safe." he said and then looking down he observed, 
"I don't know! you're such a slut. Your causing a wet spot on the 
seat and you got your head lights on ... high. It seems you are 
one over sexed bitch. I'm glad it's your ride...Well we'll put that 
to good use. SOON!!!"

She felt the wetting of her seat. Her new car with the leather 
seats. Dirtied up by a slutty pussy... and it was her own slutty 
pussy.  And she could not stop!!! It was his fault... Damn HIM!!

He started the car after adjusting the seat to his large frame and 
drove out into the building traffic. She was lost in her passion 
and thoughts. Here she was almost in public. Outfitted like a 
kinky whore. Her, a member of the Bar. Why did she drip soo 
much when she thought of HIM, and her experiences last night. 
Here it was a bright sunny day and she was...

Don reached under the cape and palmed her left tit. He tweaked 
the nipple and said,

"This little sucker will spout a whole new look soon. Why your 
own mother won't even recognize it then. You... you kinky 
whore.. You'll love it. WON'T YOU BITCH??" he demanded, 
pulling the stiff tit tip with his pinching grip.

She acquiesced. She was soo embarrassed she could only nodded 
vigorously. At the next light he leaned over, slapped her ... hard... 
and demanded, 

"I can not hear a bitch rattle. I told you you will answer me and 
answer me politely. Now.... YOU WILL LOVE TO HAVE YOUR 
TITS SPROUTING BIG RINGS TODAY WON'T YOU BITCH."

The firm grip on her jaw forcing her to look in his eyes was 
going to leave dents in her teeth she was sure. She puckered up 
further and said,

"Yes Don I want rings in my tits...... Anything you say!! I'll do it."

"Now you got me worried.... Maybe you don't want um ringed.." 
He said twisting the sensitive nipple...

"OH Please Please..... Don I want my titties ringed.... Please..." 
she begged 

"Well if your sure," he said withdrawing his hand.

He smiled and on the green light, proceeded to the down town area. 




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                    Joan's New Life # 8

Don drove her car to the back door of a seedy shop in a bad 
section of town. He parked and dragged her out of her seat. She 
tried to stay bent over, during her stumble up the stairs to the 
door. This was because the dongs inside her had gotten set that 
way and it was painful to try to straighten up. Then to bent 
over she felt she might not be seen as well. 

He did not allow this. He forced her to straighten up by 
insistently tugging up on her leash.. It was a painful and slow 
process, but with his constant pull she finally did it. Her 
guts shifted and finally her vitals accommodated the dongs into 
their new positions. The dongs remained rigid, her innards gave.  

He tugged on the leash until she had gotten up straight. Then 
further until she was up on her toes and looking into his eyes. 
He pointed his finger in her face and lectured her,

"These are my friends. You are just some free pussy that followed 
me home. You act nice and respectful. You act real respectful to 
my friends. They want a fuck...you fuck. They want a suck...you 
suck. You understand me BITCH??"

She hopped she could fall down and the ground would swallow her 
up. She was here in the bad section of town, trusted up like a 
roast ready for the coals and basting, being lectured about the 
whoring of her body to a group of stranger perverts. 



But her bodies betrayed her again. All the while he was 
instructing her, she was dripping like a boiling stream kettle. 
Her face was red but her sex was ready for the next fucking.

"I understand Don." she concurred. During her lecture the wind 
blew her cape up and exposed her bare ass covered only by the 
strap disappearing in her crack. With her hands captive to the 
gloves sewn on the strap their was nothing she could do. She 
shuttered and wondered how many normal people she had mooned?? 

 She hoped.

Once the dildos left her body she felt empty. Although they were 
terrible when they went in, horrible while inside, now she wanted 
a...fuck. She tried to rub her exposed tits against Don's chest, 
and tried to hump his hand while it was close to her now dripping 
cunt. She wanted to fuck him again now. The hell with the others 
in the room. 

 She thought. 

The hell with how it looked. She wanted SEX!!! and she wanted 
it NOW!!

"See what I mean Walt. A real horny bitch! All tits, pussy and 
cream." he said wiping his wet hand on her right tit and chest. 
"Now you just hold that thought bitch. After we get you decked 
out, we'll all party with you. Now lets go sit in the nice chair 
Walt uses to decorate bitches like you, and you better be a good 
slut." Don demanded.

She did not want to do it but lead on by Don she was soon 
seated in the chair. It was a modified barbers chair. A large vice 
like frame closed over her head and securing it starring straight 
ahead. Another holding strap went under her tits, covering her 
framing straps, and securing her torso to the chair. Another pair 
of straps were secured around her leg muscles, holding her knees 
wide open, and causing her recently vacated pussy and smooth labia, 
to gape wide open for all to see up inside her. Finally her ankles 
were forced open and tied to rings in the back of the chairs support. 
Thus guaranteeing easy access to all her charms displayed in this chair.

She tried to peered down, her wind pipe was partially blocked by 
the collar and the clamp pulled her facial skin. She could only 
see the tip of her nipples and some black nylon material down 
there.. She prayed for Ted to come to her rescue. Ted would save 
her... 

Ted... Dullsville..... 

She would rather fuck Don...or even Walt, rather than go back to 
that .... that wimp. 

She tried to adjust her back in the chair. She found she could 
hardly move and her breath was very restricted. She had to take 
shorter, smaller breaths. She felt a breeze where she had never 
felt one before. Her clit, stimulated by the cold air, stiffened. 
Cold air even blew up into her gaping vagina. 



A cold soft feminine hand closed over her left nipple. She tried 
to look down there but now that was not possible, as she had 
already established, but she had to try. She could only see Tina's 
arm emerging from the vicinity of the pulled nipple. She knew. 

 She was about to curse 
the bitch out when she remembered Don's instruction to her 
outside the shop. 

 

But surely he did not mean..... 

 

She held her tongue, It too remember it's homage to this bitch, and 
she endured the handling of the bitch's red tipped hand.

"This bitch has the tits for some whopper rings Don. How about 
we put in some of these 6 inchers???" Tina asked Don and Walt, 
pointing to a display in a glass case in the front of the store.

"None of that female catty shit. This is my whore. I want 
something simple and tasteful. say 2 or 3 inchers, I think. Walt, 
have you got a tray of assorted ones so I can see what's going to  
look tasteful on these tits?" Don asked stimulating her right 
nipple.

This nub stiffened under his manipulation. It was rock hard in 
seconds. She had been able to shift her gaze to Don, for her 
eyeballs were the only organ, that she could really move, fixed 
as she was in the chair.
 
The old man brought over a tray and she managed to again shift 
her gaze to this tray as he placed it on a pull-up table beside 
the chair. It contained an assortment of rings. Some large, some 
small, some silver, some gold and a group of rainbow colored 
ones made in, what looked like ivory.

Don and Tina began holding the various rings on their respective 
breasts. She could not see the effect. Most times she could not 
even see which was being displayed where on her breasts. Her
opinion was not asked for.

"Look here," Tina exclaimed, "This is her, and it is soo strong 
that I bet you can have her carry anvils with these in her here."



She glanced at Don and was thankfully she saw a sower expression. 
He did not like the obviously, industrial strength ones. 

  

Don pinched her aureole against the unyielding metal of his 
latest candidate. She could not see it but it sure felt rough 
against her poor sensitive nipple. She was maddened by being 
so close to the selection and yet soo far. After all it was her breasts 
that were going to wear these rings, and she was not even being 
consulted. She felt another one being proposed by Tina. Then she 
felt a cold metal strip against the aureole. 



"These are the ones!" Don decided. No discussion, no arguments. 




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                    Joan's New Life # 9

"You got the ID I told you to bring?" Walt asked Don.

"Yep! Right here." Don said removing Joan's drivers license from 
his breast pocket.

"I'll do the recording." Tina offered going behind Walt's video 
camera. "Let me get it zoomed to a tight shot.....OK Don hold it
under the right tit."

Don held her license under her tit and Tina recorded it. No 
question in the future. This tits was Joan's. The second tit was 
also recorded. The aim lowered and a small part of her crack was 
recorded, but this angle was bad for an inside view. The tripod
would have to be adjusted later...

Walt held the curved needle in a butane flame till it was white 
hot, and germ free. He grasped her right tit and squeezed it to 
fit his idea of where the ring was to be housed.

"Here honey, bite on this. You will save the ivories and our 
ears." Tina said shoving a large rubber dildo in her mouth which 
she had opened to scream. Tina had moved the camera to get a side 
view of the proceedings. Walt pushed the needle into the resilient 
tit flesh. It was tough going as the needle was blunt.

Bite she did. The needle seemed to cause a path of fire on, into 
and through her precious tit. She attempted to trash about but the
straps held, she was there very securely. No amount of effort 
would change that or deflect the needle's path...

"Walt get you paw out of the way. I can't get a good angle on 
this. You blocked my other angle over there with your big ass, 
now you are doing it again with your hand. Shit!! I wanted this 
to be good one to instruct my new bitches." Tina demanded.

"Fuck that shit. I'm doing artist work here and you complain 
about the angle. A good photographer could get the shot no 
matter the conditions. So do as good a job as your pussy allows. 
Now slut shut up and let an artist do his thing." Walt retorted.
 
Finally the needle went all the way through and emerged from 
the creamy white flesh on the other side of the aureole, Walt 
fed it back and forth, a bit, to insure no obstructions. Thus 
assured no obstacles remained in the future path of the blunt 
three inch ring, he withdrew the needle slowly.  Walt slipped 
the ivory colored ring streaked with red into the waiting hole as
the needle was withdrawn.

He shifted tits and prepared the needle again in the flame. Joan 
had long since passed out and the second one pained her much less.

Walt ringed the remaining mammary and joined the ends with 
super glue. They really did set off her nipples from their 
position in and behind her aureoles. The three people who were 
conscious were pleased with the effect, except Tina. She still 
wanted the bigger 'industrial' strength ones but Don's word was 
law here.

Walt stopped admiring his work and adjusted the chair so that 
Joan's head thrown back.  Her cunt was now raised and her legs 
were spread further and down. Walt assumed the position 
between her legs fingering her labia's.

"Where is the ID, Don. Got to keep these pussies identified." 
Walt demanded.

Don found the Joan's license and Tina recorded the smooth 
white skin and it's owner. Both would change in a minute or
so, followed the ringing. 

As the ceramic rings with ruby inserts were used in the tits, 
Don had selected the same for her neither lips and clit. 

(A matched set, so to speak. Now Tina wanted to use a different
color all together. Ah well No accounting for taste is their?)

As she was passed out, these proceedings they were accomplished 
smoothly with only some moaning, but no real problems. Tina 
faithfully recorded the procedure and the results. 

The new ringed beauties, all agreed. Tasteful but still kinky.

Joan awoke to the smell of acrid smelling salts. She shook her 
head and noticed that the vice held her head no longer. She 
gazed down at her now ringed tits which were blazing with pain.

She did not appreciate the effect. She hurt so she did not like 
Don either. She shifted her legs and her crotch started to blaze 
with pain. When she closed her legs she felt nothing but hurt. 
She tried to scream but the rubber dummy was still blocking her 
oral cavity. Walt adjusted the chair to the full up position and 
she felt the pull of gravity in her tits. They blazes fiercely.

"Print your name here, here and sigh here." Walt demanded waving 
a piece of paper under her now freaded right hand. "Then Don can 
take you home to rest up. Got to keep it all legal ya know.."

Her training for the law made her attempt to read the form, but 
Don toyed with the left ring and her injured tit went nova.

"You just read away and I'll admire these beauties." Don said.

"I still think we should do another set behind these but 6 
inchers" Tina said reaching for her right breast. 

She bent over and quickly signed the form in the places 
indicated. Getting home and away from those tweaking 
hands was paramount in her mind.

"OK Walt here is the three grand I promised for the job. She 
loves um. DON'T YOU BITCH?" Don said handing Walt a 
stack of bills. After all they were her tits he decorated so, he 
used her money.

"OWOWOWOWOW Yes I love them! I love them! Please Don 
now take me home." She cried. Tears of pain in her eyes. This 
was one beauty treatment she would never forget.

"You sure you don't wanna party... I mean old Walt here done 
got his little willie up doing his 'art'." Don inquired.

"Pleas....I I just wan..." Joan managed.

Don positioned her right hand back in the glove and went for her 
cape. He returned with the cape and the dildos. He thought for a 
moment and then put the dummies in a paper bag.

"I'll guess I can trust you till we get home. But none of that trying 
to fuck any dogs on the way...YOU UNDERSTAND??" he said.

Cringing she said, "I'll be good Don. None of that, dog stuff. Please."

He tucked in the crotch strap into the belt, and covered her with the 
cape. He snapped on the leash and started for the door. 

"Wait a minute STUD. You are forgetting me. I didn't get a taste 
of her today and I helped." Tina demanded.

"Too sore now bitch see us next time." Don ordered and then as an 
after thought, "Walt  whyn't ya ass fuck the bitch so she don't get 
all frustrated. Tina really likes it up the ass."

"Now you wait a minute, WHO DIED AND LEFT YOU MY 
ASS? Walt you get away from me you horny old toad. Don stop 
this donkey dicked son of a bitch. You know I don't let anyone near 
my.... Walt stop that.... Walt...." Tina went on and on... but old Walt
had a woodie and was not to be denied...

Don paid no attention  as he lead Joan on their way down to her car 
and then drove to her apartment building.

When they got off the elevator. He lead her to her apartment and 
opened the door with her key. She felt better. She was home. She 
was... Then she noticed that her coffee table was placed in the center 
of the room narrow edge facing the door. Some one had nailed a 
large dildo on the far edge.

"From now on this is your perch my little chickadee. Get up here 
on your knees and get your suck hole over the nice dick." Don 
instructed her. "Your ass facing any visitors we have. Now get to 
it. I want to see if it shows off your rings well."

Horrified she went to the table and tried to assume the required 
position. The dummy filled her mouth. The position required her 
to bend way down balanced with this thing. As her hands were 
still captive of the gloves this was her only anchor. The tug of 
her new rings swaying stung as they assumed the position due 
to gravity. She tried not to move. 

 She thought not.

"Man those rings really do show off that pussy.  You really are
a dick hardening bitch... I just got to have me a little short one. You
just hold still, Just like that....." Don ordered.

She had no choice. Bent over there without her hands and her ass 
open she could not fight. Just getting up would be more pain than 
she wanted to think of. She felt a tug on her lip rings. She 
tried to scream but only a gurgling sound came out. Then the 
plunging dick stabbed it's way inside her. She felt her tortuous 
body again begin to juicing. 

 she thought 

                   KNOCK KNOCK

 She thought through the fog. 

"YEA!!! WHAT THE FUCK IS IT?" Don demanded not missing a stroke 
in her hole. He was soo deep she felt his every strokes beating 
on something deep in her belly. She was busy! She did not want to 
see anyone now. She wanted to savor her fucking and then sleep 
for a month.

"Um I've come to see Joan." Ted's voice answered. "Is she home?"

"Well she is busy getting fucked right now, but you want sloppy 
seconds it'll cost you 10." Don answered.

"What!! You open this door right now. JOAN are you all right?" 
Ted asked.

"Doors open fuck head. Come on in and join the party, but it'll 
cost you for the use of her.... AHH.." Don answered as he got his 
nut. 

He pulled out, turned and confronted Ted with a dripping limp 
dick. He casually placed his left hand on her open displayed ass.

"You...you... I..." Ted began, his eyes riveted on the flaccid 
sticky organ. He selfcontiously shifted his eyes over and beheld 
Joan's ringed sex with a gob of white goo oozing out. Despite his 
horror of this scene his wang began to stir.

"What's with you man. You want her or are you just shy. .... 
UH... Or maybe you're a fag boy .... You want to suck me instead?" 
Don said with a smile on his face. "Still cost you 10. Now you want 
this little hole," indicating Joan's ass hole, "That'll be 20. Ain't been 
used today. All fresh and tidy. Come on ... Come on I can see you 
want it or are you carrying a banana in your pants."

Don shifted his hand onto the back of her head so she stayed in 
place and did not try to rise up.

"Well man you want to party or do you just want to sit in the 
corner and watch a real man?" Don taunted him.

Ted was white with fear and anger. 

.
 
Still mesmermized by the sight of Joan's ringed sex he did not hear 
Tina come in behind him.

"Wimp is bashful or got no balls, Tina. What do you think?" Don 
called out to her. 

She slipped her right hand between Ted's legs before he realized 
she was there. She reached up and grabbed a hand full of  balls. 

She lifted up and kept her grip taught as Ted fell into more hurt 
than he had ever had in his past life. He could not even garb 
enough air to scream.

As he sought to curl up in ball Ted heard, 

"He's got small balls and a needle dick. I know because I 
have um in my hand don't I honey." Tina demanded.

Ted would not scream. He had never had his balls jerked before. 
He fought it as a woman had complete control of his jewels and 
he sought only to get away. Forget Joan. Forget anything he was 
willing to make a deal... any deal....

"Don't I honey?" Tina asked again with a slight twist.

"Yes Yes please...please let go I'll do anything. I'll give you 
my money...I'll" Ted began to plead as he got some air.

"You think I want money for handling your puny balls. Don 
this bastard called me a prostitute. I hate it when a wimp tries 
to sweet talk me like that." Tina related with another twist.

"AHAHAHAHHHHHHHHH" he could hold it in any longer.

"NOW NOW Tina, lets not be hasty. Maybe the puny wimp 
means it. Maybe he wants to "Do anything" like he said. You 
did mean anything? Didn't you wimp?" Don questioned Ted.

"YES YES I'LL DO ANYTHING JUST LET ME GO..." Ted begged.

"All right wimp, crawl over here and lick up the mess this cunt 
made on my dick." Don demanded.

Tina kept her grip as Ted squirmed over and positioned himself 
before Don's spread leather covered legs. The smelly dripping dick 
disgusted him but a slight pressure on his now throbbing balls 
convinced him to lick. The awful taste was not in the same 
universe as the pain in his balls.

"Get the spill over on the balls and clean out the fore skin." 
Don ordered.

With tears in his eyes Ted licked up the mess on the balls and 
engulfed the strangers dick. He felt the female's other hand 
unzip his fly and take out his own shriveled dick. A couple of 
strokes though and despite his revulsion he got it up, really hard.

"Would you look at that. I think this dick eating maggot is 
getting off on your dick Don. Bet you and he could really get it 
on. I can not stand that." Tina said and again tugged Ted's balls. 

Ted tried to pull back but Don grabbed his ears capturing him 
with his oral cavity filled.

"Don't pay any attention to the bitch, wimp. You do my dick or I 
will tear yours off with my bear hands and make you eat it. RAW." 
Don demanded.

Ted's eyes flashed around the room looking for some deliverance. 
He saw Joan's ringed ass and dripping cunt. He felt Tina's breast 
against his back. He looked up and saw Don smiling at him. 




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                    Joan's New Life # 10

The cum taste filled his mouth. Now all these people knew he was 
a wimp and worse yet a cock sucker. Joan was there! How would he 
ever face her again. He should help her...Did she always have 
those things in her cunt. He had never seen it till now.

The woman behind him ordered, "Take off you shirt wimp. Lets see 
some skin." she punctuated her order with a tug on the captive 
ball bag.

He had no choice. He got off his shirt and she had already 
lowered his trousers and boxers. He was on his knees before his 
just sucked dick. He sought to look down and away. Anywhere but 
at it. 

 
he thought to himself. He cringed at the memories.

"You done that before ain't you sucker?" Don demanded smiling 
down on his servicer.

Ted couldn't bring himself to vocalize. He just shook his 
head....no...

SMAKKKKKK

"Don't lie to me sucker!" Don demanded. "I know experienced lips 
when I feel um. Now talk to us pansy."

Tina tugged his sack again and he moaned....this time he shook 
his head yes... 

 went through Ted's head.

SMAKKK

"Lying sack of shit. How many others dicks these lips tasted. 
Sucker." Don demanded.

"Please.... I...." Ted stammered. "UHIIIEIZEIEZIEIE" he screamed 
as his balls twisted 1/4 turn, with Tina's helping hand.

"It was at summer camp and the bigger boys..." Ted blurted 
out..."No please don't .... I'm telling you, about four of the boys 
made me.. They made me.... I swear I did not like it, ever. I .. I 
didn't want...."

"Well looks like needle dick here is just a cock sucker 
pretending to be a man." Tina beamed. "Look how that little 
thing gets all stiff and pointie when he even thinks of all those 
fat young dicks he sucked. Probably cruses the school yards 
to this day searching for young fat dick."

Don smiled and inquired, "You fuck this whore?" resting his hand 
on Joan's displayed haunches. "Don't you lie to me. Pointy thing 
like that could cause damage. Maybe I should fine it down for 
humanity then you wouldn't cause damage to my whore. You could 
go on with your hobby, dick sucking, with a smaller stubby."

 Joan thought from her displayed 
position. 

"NO, NO SIR, I never did anything with her. In fact we broke up 
the other night.... If you will just let me go I will get out 
and never say a word to anyone, really I did not know she was 
yours. I...AHAIAIAIAIA" Ted began but as he tried to rise, Tina 
gave a sharp tug and that caused him to resume his position but 
he lowered his hands to cover Tina's' at his genitalia.

"Put those paws behind your head and kneel up so I can see the 
meat boy." Don ordered. Reluctantly Ted did it, fearful of the 
slim hand still holding his ball sack.

 Joan thought in disgust with her former friend.

"Thin little thing ain't it Tina. Stupid fuck been bothering this 
fine whore with a pesky little thing like that. I'll go get a 
hammer and nails. Then we nail that sucker to the table. You hold 
him right there." Don said as he went into Joan's kitchen. "The 
table is a perfect splint for a jack off like him, course he 
might get splinters but I don't care. Tried to stick that skinny 
thing in my whore."

"NO NO Please don't I'll I give you my money and my car. Please 
don't" Ted begged as Don returned with a hammer and some thin 
long nails.

"Hold the sucker flat on the table." 

Don ordered Tina. Ted covered his dick with his hands and Don 
swatted Ted's left one with the hammer. 

"I told you to keep the paws up there out of the way. Now do it. 
Maybe I should get more nails." 

Ted was sure his left hand was broken but when Don swatted at his 
right he removed the offending limbs to their place behind his 
head. He looked on in horror as Don placed a nail behind the 
metus of his dick and raised the hammer.

"You ever going to bother my whore with this little sharp thing 
again?"  Don asked.

"No No sir for the love of god don't. I promise I won't even think 
about her again." Ted begged sweat poring down his face, his eyes 
focused on the hammer. 



"Well what did you come here for? You wanted to fuck didn't you?" 
Don demanded. "Or maybe you came for my dick??"

 Joan thought. 

"Well..... I mean no! I just.... wanted to... be friends." Ted 
stammered. His eyes riveted to the nail's place above his 
precious organ.

 Joan's mind roared.

Don shook his head and raised the hammer, 

"Don't lie to me boy. Do that one more time and you are going 
to have a big splint permanently nailed to this puny dick."

"OK OK Yes I.. I did came to.... but I did not know she was 
yours. I would never.. I mean..." Ted drowned on seeking to 
save his little willie.

Don lowered the hammer. "Now we are getting somewhere. 
You came here to pay me to fuck this bitch then, didn't you 
wimp?" Don demanded.

Ted's face flooded with relief. His dick was saved. He would pay 
anything and then get the hell out of here. 

"Yes Yes... I.. I'll .. Pay you and go... Let me get my wallet 
and" Ted reached down and fumbled out his wallet. Opening it he 
began, "I'll give you 20 ... or 50 ... or.... here take it ... take it all...
all the money.. I'll just get out and leave you to.." Ted offered 
handing over the money and then at Don's frown, the alligator 
skinned wallet also to Don.

"That is real nice but well I'd feel real bad if you left here 
without having a softened dick. I mean your giving me all this 
money and all. We will just file down the point and then you 
can have a go at her. You did paid for it. I'll go get my rat tail 
file, won't take any time atoll." Don demanded.

Ted shook his head, "No No I do not want to now. I'll just leave 
you the money and you let me go. Please!!"

 Joan 
thought, 

"Now what do you take me for, a thief. Take your money and give 
you nothing in return. Maybe you need a little time... to think 
of what is important. I'll just fix this sucker right here till you.." 

Don said raising the hammer and positioning the nail again.

"NO!!! NO Please I can not get it up now. Please..." Ted begged.

"Wimp is telling the truth. He's lost it. Nailing it won't do any 
good. The coffee table is too wide for her cunt, right now. Let 
him clean up her sloppy pussy for the moment. Maybe he 
needs to suck on something to get hard. He seemed to like 
your cum before." Tina offered.

"OK we will let you clean up this here cunt and then we will 
decide if your dick needs stiffening up. With this." Don said 
indicating the hammer and nails. "Or maybe a little filing job."

Ted said nothing he lowered his mouth and started to lap up the 
cold greasy cum. He was horrified to what length he would go to 
keep the nails out of his poor dick. The more he thought of it 
the limber he became. 



Tina stripped off his pants and boxers while he was busy lapping 
Joan's cunt. She went through the pants and held up a gleaming car 
key on a Beamer key ring. Their was no thought of his trying to 
leave naked and cowed by that hammer and nails.

"Wimp you got a Beamer down stairs?" Tina inquired of Ted as 
she dragged his head back by his hair, from Joan's ass.

"Yes... You take it just let me go. I..." Ted started but Tina 
forced his face back into the waiting ass.

"Generous scum sucker, ain't he Don. He'd make an ideal loving 
live in house pet for Liza. Poor girl been hard up for dates 
since she put on those last few hundred pounds. I wonder if she 
would like him." Tins speculated over Ted's fate. She reached 
down and inspected the limp dick. "Wonder if he'd be any good 
for any thing but head. The file job is a good idea, but Liza 
might like the pointy thing for a book mark. Girl reads lot of 
romance shit."

 Joan thought. 
She rose up slightly on the dummy and said, 

"Deeper you fuck."

"Wimp what are you doing. Here I give you my own personal 
whore to lick and I get a complaint." Don slapped Ted's head 
driving it deeper into the folds of Joan's ass cheeks. "Drive 
that nasty thing deeper...Deeper or maybe I should nail that to 
the table to stiffen it."

Joan smiled with satisfaction. Wimp Ted was now trying to get 
into her belly from her  vagina with his tongue. 

"Would you look at that?? That whore is excited again. Tina is he 
hard yet?" Don observed.

"Na, These pencil dicks, once they get shriveled, take forever to 
get hard." came Tina's answer from her hand hold observations. 

SLAPPP

"GET THAT TONGUE HIGHER WIMP. You got my whore going 
and she needs her cum. .... Whyn't you do her ass hole now...." Don 
demanded. "Don't make me tell you again."

A firm hand on his neck gave Ted no choice. Soon he was lapping 
and stabbing Joan's ass hole. Don's tone of voice convinced him 
to fuck her ass hole with his tongue. He did not want Don mad.

With tears running down his face Ted did what was demanded of 
him. Joan shook and shimmied and came...again. She soaked his 
face. He was disgusted, but he hoped for release now. He had done 
what they demanded.

 Joan speculated in her mind.

The hand in his hair pulled Ted away from the female object of 
his ministrations. 

 Joan's mind 
shouted.

"Would you lookie here!" Tina declared, firmly gripping Ted's 
balls again. Raising his now stiff dick on her wrist.

Ted's pud was stiff. He had a woodie...

"Too late." Don said and he swatted the recently stiffened organ 
off her wrist with his trusty hammer.

"OWOWOWOWOIININWWEWWEW" Ted started and passed out.

"Damn apprentice faggots. Don't know when to get it up and when to 
keep it in their pants. Put it here and let me nail it down for 
him." Don said. "Then I'll go get the file."

Joan was totally confused. One minute she was up and now she was 
a frustrated bitch in heat. Her mind shouted 



"Now just a damn minute. You got the bitch. You made me fuck 
Walt so you could get over here and plumb her holes, now you 
want the dick too. No sir. I want this for Liza-May. She'd get such 
satisfaction boinking this little wimp for a while, till she 
drains him dry. Or twists um off. Girl don't know her own 
strength." Tina demanded, with a death grip over the disgust dick 
and ball bag. 

"Pussies... Always got to spoil my fun. I would have liked to see 
how he looked nailed there doing my ass hole while I laid the 
meat to her ass hole. AW well, Ok, Go on take the wimp next door 
and call Liza from here. I ain't got the phone hooked up." Don 
relented. "I want to rest my weary bones in the good chair and 
admire my nice ringed pussy. Have fun but don't say that I 
didn't warn you if he pokes you or her a new ass hole. Serve you 
right." 

"Don you are a prick, and a nasty one at that, but I like you. If 
I had a prick, I hope I'd be just like you." Tina said as she 
dragged her trophy to the phone sat and dialed Liza. She 
wasn't letting go of these balls till she got them safely across 
the hall. Don might renege on their deal.

 




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                    Joan's New Life # 11

Joan's neck was screaming with pain. She had been 'on her perch' 
for hours. She had heard Dons go from heavy breathing to snoring. 
She never moved from her perch. She longed to remove her mouth 
from the filling rubber dummy, but she was afraid of what he 
might do. Her rings hung down and stretched her pierced charms. 
They were obscured from her field of vision by her heads 
orientation but she felt their stretch of each of her holes. 
She wondered how long it would take till they dragged her 
formally small white fleshy lips and tits down to the floor??

She heard a row next door at Don's apartment. She thought of Ted. 
He wasn't such a bad.... guy, for a wimp. 



 

CRASH 

 she thought.

A muffled scream and a crash and more noise came from the wall 
dividing her place from Don's. Liza and Tina were playing rough 
with little Teddie but Joan stayed on her perch. Ready for Don's 
slightest whim. 

 she thought with not a little pride.

 
she thought during a quiet lull in the proceedings.

Don stopped in mid snore.... The noise had disturbed him. He 
sleepily looked over at the ringed sex... 

 
Went through Don's awakening mind.

A crash again came from the wall. Don's consciousness was 
disturbed.

"Damn bitches, bet Liza brought that leather saddle and spurs of 
hers. Probably got him staggering around the room like a pack 
animal. Puny little dick weed like that under Liza, be a sight. 
Think I'll get a nut first then go over and get an eye full." Don 
proclaimed to no one in particular.

He rose from the deep cushioned chair. Unzipped his leather pants 
and with dick in hand advanced on the ringed sex that awaited 
his wishes. One shove and he would be in to the balls. The 
resistance would be easily overcome with all the pussy cream 
lubrication Joan generated for just such a penetration.

Joan heard Don get up. She tensed up. She heard the most 
important sound in her life now. 

ZIPPPPPPPPPPPPP

He was going to fuck her. She came at the thought of it. Her hole 
puckered in anticipation.

Joan felt his dick at the entrance to her vagina. She couldn't 
help her self. She came again and again. 

She was his bitch! He wanted her. He filled her... She was complete. 

CRASH...

 

she thought with amusement as Don's dick sunk in and out of 
her willing decorated hole..

"Reach back an here and stretch this thing bitch. How am I going 
to get a nut with all this creaming you are making?" Don ordered 
from his place with just the dick head inside her vagina.

Obediently, like a good bitch, she reached back, to grip her ass 
cheeks.  Because it was soo slippery she put her fingers in four 
of her new rings and pulled herself more open for Don. 

The effect was good. A positive hold where before only 
a slimy ever greasy lip had been. 

It hurt but when he was using her, it hurt soo good!!

Sure it hurt but the hurt was for him. He liked the effect as the 
vagina seemed to distort and pucker and then squeeze his whole 
dick. 

 Don thought.

Don reared back and popped out of her stretched hole. She 
commenced to shuttered at her loss. 

 

The stiff dick hit her stretched tightly shut ass hole with all Don's 
massive weight behind it. He flew inside due to the honey lubrication
and weight or the thrust...  Don in an instant was plumbed new depths 
in her intestines. Her innards were compressed from the mighty 
pistons rammed from that end..

She sought to scream to relieve some of the tension but nothing 
came out. She was skewered. If anything her flat belly bunged.. If 
he lifter up she knew she would come with him she was frictioned 
fitted to his dick. 



KNOCK  ... KNOCK........

KNOCK  ....KNOCK....

"JOAN...ARE YOU AT HOME..." 

An insistent knocking and a voice came through the haze. She did 
not care. 

 she wanted to say but her oral cavity 
was plugged. She wanted this fucking to go on forever.

CRASH came from the other side of the wall.

"JOAN IT'S ME ERIN....PLEASE OPEN UP..." came from the other side 
of the front door. Brutus could be heard moaning and scratching 
to come in. 

 she cringed. 

Don reluctantly pulled out of his freshly clamed hole and strode 
over to the door, drippy dick swaying with each step. He threw it 
open not even bothering to stuff his now flaccid sticky dick in his 
pants. 

"Yea what the fuck do you want?" he demanded dripping on the carpet.

Erin cringed back at the sight of him at Joan's door. 

Her eyes widened as they saw and comprehended the greasy dick 
flowing from Don's crotch...

But Brutus alerted by his superior sence of smell, was curious. Then 
when the door opened and this man thing was right out there for him 
to see... and smell.....

 Sniff sniff  

Brutus sought to get a taste of the wondrously smelling stuff 
with his long tongue. 

 

Brutus dragged Erin in the half opened door and nuzzled the 
wonderful smelling dick. Then he tasted the marvelous stuff with 
his long warm tongue. 

 

His tail commenced to wagging and he tried to get ever closer to the
wonderful thing....
..
"I'm sorry to dist... Brutus no...I mean ... no..." Erin sought 
to pull the dog away from Don dick but she could not bring 
herself to look directly at it. Quick little embarrassment glances 
were all she could manage. As it was she was a bright shade of red.

Don smiled at her and petted Brutus's coal black head. He did not 
seem to mind the licking, or the fact that his was sex organ was 
dangling out in plain sight. What was Erin to do.

"OH I ... I'm sorry to intrude.... on you but..." Erin started. 

 Erin thought, but
her resolve was weakening....

CRASH.....

"Why'nt you come in. Noisy bitches in there going to wake the 
dead." Don smiled. 

He reached out took her arm and lead the embarrassed woman right 
inside Joan's apartment.

 Erin thought. 

The door shut and Erin heard the lock being closed. She started 
to become concerned. She surveyed the formally familiar room. The 
coach was moved back to the wall. The comfortable over stuffed 
chair was opposite the repositioned coffee table. and on ....

 Erin's mind screamed. 

She shrank back against the wall with her right arm straight out because 
of Brutus's pulling at the other end with his choke collar.

She sought, with her left hand, to find the door handle and 
quietly let herself out. Her fumbling drew Don's attention and 
he easily remarked,

"What is with you bitch? You take me away from fucking my bitch 
and I let your dog lick me and you want to go without a pleasant 
word. Don't you have any manners?"

"NO.. NO.. I..I...I ..... I wanted Joan. Since she isn't here. 
I'll just,   Come along Brutus." Erin tried to make her way out 
of the locked door. Her fumbling became more and more frantic.

"What do you mean, Joan ain't here. She is right over here. Don't 
you recognize ... Oh yea it must be the new rings. Don't they look 
like...Simple and tasteful..." Don said beaming like a new papa 
with his handy work. 

He strode over to Joan's ringed, displayed, sex and demonstrated 
the new additions. 

"See how these nice little suckers are useful in opening the meat. 
You have any??? You should consider some. Let me see your pussy 
and I will give you my  recommendations. I even got a friend in the 
business. If I say so myself he is good. Why if you got a nice enough 
one I bet I can get old Walt to even give you a discount. Come on ...
come on let me see your meat."

Now she was panicking. Brutus followed Don and her arm followed 
Brutus. Erin was trying to twist this way and that. She had to 
get out of here. 

 Erin thought on one level as her attention was 
gradually drawn to the displayed female genitalia. 

She had never seen anything like this before. She had never in her 
wildest dream imagined anyth..... She still had to get out of.... 
she had... 



Joan was horrified. 

 

Joan sought to rise up but Don's firm left hand on her head and 
the dildo trapped her where she was. Shuttering was all 
she could manage and soon that turned to pleasure rather than 
fear when Don said,

"See Brutus likes it. Look at him go for that cream." 

Then his right hand went to Erin's left shoulder and pushing 
her down to her knees. 

"Come on big fella, let her have a look too. She want's some too. 
I can tell a lezzie anywhere.." Don explained to Brutus as he playfully 
pushed the canine out of the way.

Erin found her self on her knees mesmerized by the sight of the 
female display before her. She too was creaming at the sight of 
the displayed sex. She should get up... She should run. 

 

She thought as her hand rose by itself to touch...to touch the 
captivating ringed pussy lips. 

 

She thought as she found the rings were slimy from the cum and 
Brutus's drool from the contact with her nose.... Erin had never seen 
...... or smelled ..... any pussy from this close. The rings... the smell.... 
The white stuff...



Don moved his hand to the back of her head and forced her closer 
to the cunt. The smell...the feel.... 

 she thought.

"Come on bitch. Take a little taste. You know you want it. If you 
don't Brutus will get it all. Come on we know you want it." 

 Erin's fore brain said 
but the ancient smell brain took over. Her tongue unfurled 
and she for her first time...tasted ... another woman's pussy 
cream ... and it was mixed with sperm for the first time. 



"GRRRRR........" came from the canine as he stuck his snout 
between his mistress and the odoriferous hole that was his goal. 

Brutus thought, 



"Would you look at that!!!" came Tina's voice. "He has got 
another one eating out of his pussy... and I thought you 
told me you didn't like to share with lezzies."

"YEA what this bitch got entitle her to lick your new pussy,
when all we got is this tired old wimp." Liza's voice came 
through the din. Joan was a happy slave. She only had to stay 
on her perch. She was the center of attention. Erin on the other 
hand was kneeling in a compromising position, confronted with 
two new women and an other nude man staggering half dead in 
chains. It appeared they had all witnessed her shame. With her 
first taste of pussy cream on her lips she panicked.

It was too much she swooned. 




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                    Joan's New Life # 12

"HAY HAY I did share with you guys last night it's just that 
right now I don't want you fucking up these tasteful rings on 
my toy bitch." Don replies

Brutus had all the sweet pussy cream his long canine tongue could 
bring out of Joan's deep smelly cunt. He then decided, 

 

With this thought in his little primitive mind he jumped onto Joan's 
hunched over back and tried to secure a purchase in Joan's cunt hole 
with his rapidly expanding pink pointy organ.. He rapped his paws 
around her waist, dug in the deuclaws and coupled, or not Brutus began 
to fuck as one possessed. He had to have this!!! He feared someone, 
anyone would stop him before he docked,. In the past Bitch (Erin) had
slapped him when he tried this. She call him 'Bad Dog', or swat him 
with a rolled up newspaper.  From past experience he would be 
throated but would try!!!

His friction caused the pointy disgusting thing to bounce all over 
Joan's exposed crack.... He dug in his duclaw and pumped harder.
 Finally, strictly by random his spear found Joan's core.

"Don't look now stud but you's being upstaged by blackie there." 
Liza commented. "Good doggie. Show the whitie where it's at. Go 
Go black dog, fuck her good. Man look at him go!!"

All eyes turned to Brutus's exploit. If Erin were continuous she 
would have died. 

Her dog. Her faithful friend, who slept on her bed at night... He was
fucking her best friend. Too much!!!

"Just like a man." Tina commented. "No fore play just stick it in 
and hump ... Hump.... Don't even need the old hole. Hump her blackie...
Come on you bastard you can find it .... Big un like she has got."

"Old pussy hound found the way ... ain't you boy." Don observed 
as he reached out and scratched Brutus behind his right ear. 

"Good boy. Fuck the bitch... fuck her real good. And don't you 
say no 'for play' What do you call all that good tonguing he done 
before. Besides the bitch loves it look at that ass wave around. 
Bitch here really likes dick, any dick. Just lookie..."

 Brutus thought as he fucked his first 
bitch. 

 Joan struggled to rise up and get her mouth off the rubber phallus 
and protect her ass from Brutus's long red member. Don held her 
head in place and took her hand away from her ass.

"Just go with the flow bitch. You going to get the ride of 
your life." 

Don remarked. Joan squirmed around and thought,

 

"GRURURURNGNR" Joan tried to attract Dons attention 

 

"Bet he bonks sleeping beauty over here every night. It's those 
small round ones that appear to be soo quiet, that is, till you 
pop open her ass and let it all hang out." Tina observed "Lookie 
there he is at her again. Now that is my kind of fucker. I think 
I'll take him home with me." commenting on the unconscious 
Erin's form and Brutus's new found momentum.

"Let's see what the bitch looks like. We strip her down and see 
what it is doggie likes." Tina remarked pulling down Erin's pants 
and panties. 

"Why I do believe we have a true read headed beaver here. I say those 
black rings with the sparkles here and here... But this one definitely 
gets the 6 inchers. And this one is mine..."

"No argument from me. You found her you keep her. Course you got 
to pay Walt. Those synthetic ones cost like the devil." Don 
commented. "Hope you or she can afford um."

Soon all Erin's white freckled skin and pink nipples were on 
display. Liza returned from Dons with a hood and collar. Soon 
Erin's cute pixy like face disappeared, to be replaced with a 
stretch of black leather and zippered features. Only her freckled 
nose could be seen protruding from the sea of black. Her hands 
were secured to the collar. Tina had put a nice big red rubber ball 
in her mouth before the hood even went on.

"Wimp get over here and lick the red headed pussy. She going to 
need some soothing to get in the mood and Don's pussy has her 
stud busy." Tina demanded of a subdued Ted. He had been sitting 
quietly at Liza's feet and did not offer any resistance to his new 
orders. The pussy whippings in the other room had domesticated 
the wimp. He would do anything to please his mistresses.

On his knees Ted crawled to the female form indicated, bent over, and 
commenced to licking Erin's defenseless red haired pussy. The hair, 
which had not been trimmed, accumulated in his mouth like a 
blanket over his tongue and teeth. He wanted to stop but Liza's 
grip on the ball bag leash convinced him to do it without a 
break.

Erin awoke with a stirring in her loins. Some one was.... She 
tried to get up but she felt a spike heal in her right tit 
pinning her to the floor. She tried to close her open legs, but 
some thing was in there and it was....

"Relax sweet meat. Old Teddie give you the licking of your ...
well let's just say, he will pinch hit for Brutus. I guess Brutus's 
with his nice long tongue really gets to you where it's at. Hugh?" 
Tina inquired holding Erin's tit firmly with her right heal on the 
depressed nipple.

 "UMUMUJMMMMUUMUI" Erin tried to vocalize. She 
found the blindness terrible. It was accompanied by her wrists 
imprisonment at her  throat. Struggle all she might she did not seem
able to change a thing. the constant tonguing of her slit was... 
maddening..

Further she found, by the cool air flow over all of her body, that 
she was NUDE! She started to really panic...

"Don't have a shit fit bitch. Doggie is busy and so we brought up 
the second team. He ain't much but he will soothe you or we'll pull off 
the little bag he keeps his nuts in. Then see where they stay, on him or 
in the bag.... "

"Stay there bitch... I said Stay there.... Don't be like that." Tina tried 
to reason with the struggling blind Erin.

Brutus had his second wind and was fucking Joan to beat the band. 


 went through and caused a temporary overload in Brutus's  doggie 
mind.

Joan was in ecstasy. The canine dick, while slim made up for it 
with speed.... Stroke ... Stroke....  and then there was that wonderful 
knot. She really regretted it when the damn dog reared back and it popped 
out of her. She felt alone and empty. She wanted more... She....  

Don removed his hand and she slowly raised her head. He neck 
muscles and back were on fire. She saw spots before her eyes. She 
settled on her haunches and tried to focus on her living room. 

Of in the corner was Brutus licking his dick and balls. 

 Joan's mind perceived the canine and
wished she was free to do that...

Her loins stirred at their lost from her sex partner. She turned slightly 
and say a pail freckled female nude with a leather head. Old wimpy 
Ted  was there between the freckled legs and he grazing on 
the red haired... 

True he being urged on by Tina and a large black woman, but Ted 
was going at it. He was also decked out in a web, similar to hers, only 
his web was chains, Chrome chains, with a leashed mesh bag where his 
dick and balls should stick out. The black woman held a leash to the bag 
and when ever Ted showed signs of slowing down in his tongue action, 
she lifted up on the leash. She lifted up real high....  fast ...

"Bitch you now are an official dog fucker. We all can attest to 
that." Don reached down to her dripping sex and went on, "I told 
you this thing could get you in trouble. See how my channeling it 
can be soo much fun for you and the rest of us. Why without us, 
you would never have these nice rings. You could say they 
changed your hole dull life." 

She stared up in horror. 

 

Went through her mind as she shuttered to another climax on 
his fingers, just thinking of herself, JOAN... the dog fucker.

Don took her into the her bathroom, removed the black nylon web, 
and again fastened the chain around her neck.

"Clean up the whore. She has had a busy day. Time for beddie by. 
Tomorrow is a work day ain't it." Don explained.

She looked in her bathroom mirror. She was sweaty. She had sticky 
dog cum in her hair, on her back, on her thighs.... She felt it running 
down her legs. Don was right. 

 She shuttered...

She looked in her mirror at herself. She remembered her new 
experiences. She did not look depraved... but still, now  she 
was a nasty DOG FUCKER!! Then she looked down and saw 
her clit ring hanging off her hood... She turned sideways... her 
tit rings looked.... well.... KINKY....

She turned back and spread her legs and crotched down some 
what till ... all her rings hung free.....  KINKY.....



She ran the water and took a long hot bath. Then she douched out 
three times. She ran her razor over her mons. Don seemed to love 
the smooth feel of this ... and now .... so did she. She sat on the 
toilette and relieved her self. Then her duty done... 

The whore was cleaned .... She waited for her owner...

Don arrived to break her revival of spirit. His dick was dripping 
and he demanded, 

"Play pussy mouth for me."

What was she going to say? After today... How she looked at
it and said her lines...

She just ovaled her mouth and sucked in the nasty tasting 
thing into her precious oral cavity. 

 she thought.  Distressed she 
kept at it... She was his whore... She kept her eyes on Don's 
smiling face wondering .....

Don confirmed her thought, 

"That bitch girlfriend of yours had one tight ass hole. I helped...
But Tina will fix it. She is going to take her home and use her 
big strap on. Sucker is 3 inches around and a foot long. After a 
couple ... or ..  three sessions with that, the bitch'll be real glad 
for a man .... any man ... or even old Brutus in there."

What could Joan do?? She was his whore... She fucked him with 
her mouth like he taught her and licked him clean with her tongue. 

Then she got real bold. She was his whore after all.  She slipped her
right hand under and captured Don's swinging nuts. She then used her
left hand to explore his ass crack. Finding the brown rose, she used 
her index finger. Slowly she sunk her finger into his ass hole and then 
she commenced to massaging  his prostrate...

 

As she thought this her own ass hole tightened and she came again..
and again....

Don let her suck all the cum and mouth wash his dick before he 
collared her and fastened her hands behind her. He added a leash 
to the collar and forced her to her knees.

"Come on bitch time to show you to your new bed." he said and 
pulled her through the door. 

Don disregarded the goings on in the living room.

He lead her to her former bedroom and sat down on her bed. 
He looked her right in the eye and his dick's eye too stared 
down at her.

"As I am the new owner, I sleep here. You sleep there on the 
floor." 

He half turned and tied her leash to the bed head board. 

"Now I don't want to be disturbed till 6 am. Then I want a nice 
tongue on the dick wake up call. I hear any shit from you and I 
will whip those tit balls for you again. You got it?"

She hung her head and uttered, 

"Yes Don." 

She knew she should ... well she .. she was wet just hoping he 
would change his mind.  

"Uh Don pl..."

"Shut up bitch or I'll go get Mr. whip..."

Then he turned out the light. She curled up on the cold floor 
like she had seen Brutus do and feel asleep listening to Don 
snoring in her warm bed. The floor was hard but after all she 
was just his whore.

During the night she felt something sharp against her right tit. 
It was dark and she panicked. Had she overslept? Automatically 
her tits stung in anticipation. She looked up to see Don's dick 
leg, and face sticking over the beds edge. His leg with it's 
sharp nail drew back under the covers.

"Got some gargle for you bitch. Get on it now so I don't piss all 
over you."

Sleepily she struggled up and engulfed the flaccid dick. Don let 
go and she struggled to keep it all down. When he stopped, he 
petted her head and said,

"Good bitch." 

Then he turned over and left her there. Her mouth filled with 
his bitter piss taste. Her throat burning from his urine. 

She thought what else am I good for. I just a  DOG FUCKER. 




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                    Joan's New Life # 13

The cold light of dawn streaming through the window woke her 
with a start. She struggled up to a position where she could see the 
clock. She saw that she had made it. It was 5:50 am. He had 
ordered a blow job for  6 am. She had 10 minutes...

She struggled over to her bed side and wormed her way up the 
side. With her hands still captive behind her, she managed to 
burrowed her head under the covers. She inched along like a 
slug further on into the bed. There in the dim light she found 
Don's hairy leg. She squirmed up beside it till she found 
her goal.



In the dim light it looked over her face with it's one sleepy 
black eye. Her mouth watered. This was her's all her's .... 

She stuck out her tongue and greeted it. 

Her master stirred..  Now the center of her whole existence. 
Her crotch tightened. 

She wanted it ...  and she wanted more..

The sleeping monster felt the smooth wet tongue over its smelly 
wrinkled surface and it stirred. 

Another long lick and it began to wriggle and lengthen. 

Delighted she tongued it again .... she could not stop her self...
 
The black eyed being twitched awake and began to stiffened. She 
could not wait, she engulfed it in her mouth. There it lengthen 
and harden to its fullest ... snug inside her adoring mouth. 

She forced herself to just hold it softly between her wet lips, 
and soaked it in her oral cavity. She felt her own sex tighten. 
Even empty her vagina was enjoying him by proxy. She sought 
to blindfolded it with her tongue. She ran her tongue over and 
over her treasured guest, and she was rewarded when she heard,

"Go for it cock sucker." 

She smiled from ear to ear..... 

She quickly obeyed her owner...

Joan deep throated her favorite dick, Don's dick. While it was 
not as long as Brutus's, Don's made up for it in girth. When she 
deep throated it she totally cut off her own air supply. She 
tried to imitate Brutus's staccato rhythm. She knew how much she 
had liked that. Surely Don would too.

Don grabbed her head and she felt her leash go slack. He dragged 
her out from the sheets and ordered,

"Mount up whore and ride me you horny bitch."

 

She thought as she scrambled up over his reclining form. 
She squatted over his now stiff pole. She attempted to kiss it 
with her neither lips. 

She managed to center it at her cunt and then she sunk the 
shaft to the core of her very being. Her orgasm was shattering. 

She stopped and looked down adoringly at her owner. 

She could stay like this forever. She was full and content. 

She sought to hold on to her lover with her hole.

Don looked up and grabbed her tit rings. He pulled them and 
ordered, 

"Ride me you ring titted bitch RIDE!!"

She came again in a shattering climax...

The orgasm ended as he pulled and she, encouraged by the pain, 
renewed her fucking of her owners dick. 

Don toyed with her rings and she sought to friction him off. 

Suddenly he withdrew from her. She felt the emptiness. 
She slumped down to recapture her lost love, but he used her rings 
to pull her up and away from her goal. He turned her around and 
forced her to bend over. 

In his favorite position she spread and waited ... open and empty.

  She prayed.

Don's love muscle found her smaller back hole and, lubricated with 
her cream, sank in 'to the balls'. She went from loss, and dejection, to a 
that contented stuffed feeling. She was a wiggling and bucking her hot 
squeezing hole for her owners dick. 

Then she managed to get him off.  Her life's purpose was fulfilled....

Don calopsed over her back and softened out of her. Again she felt the 
loss and empty feeling.

He straightened up and slapped her ass, and said,

"Good fuck bitch. Educating an educated bitch, like you, is soo 
much fun. You will make a real nice whore for some one. Now 
lets go get your sweaty ass ready for your little work day."

He guided her into the bathroom and again chained her neck to 
the wall. Then he released her wrists and had her gargle with his 
water again. It seemed only natural to her by now.

She took a shower and took particular care around the rings. How 
much had happened in just one weekend. How could she go back to 
her office. With these anyone could see she was now different. 
She.... She was Don's bitch....

The shower curtain pulled aside and their were two people and Don 
standing there. She sought to cover herself, but one look from Don and
she returned to her cleaning till she finished. As she was turning off 
 the water, she noticed the man had a still camera and was rapidly 
snapping picture after picture of her nude charms. She sought to turn 
away from him, but noticed the woman had a video camera. So no matter 
how she twisted or turned, they filmed her nudity. She glanced to Don 
for explanation.

"They are going to document your morning toilette for a porno mag. 
I sold them the rights so you be nice bitch and show it all to 
these nice people." Don said. "Remember they are paying for it so 
let it all hang out."

 The man moved in for a 
close up of her tits. 

FLASH! 

He lowered his camera. 

FLASH! 

He captured her clit ring hanging down.

"Whore ain't smiling, Don."  the woman demanded.

Joan glanced and saw Don frown. She quickly smiled..

"Get over on the toilet and moo for them. Show them how you 
jerkoff with that nice tasteful ring...." 

Don ordered taking her arm and dragging her out of the tub 
dripping wet. She felt like a drowned rat. 

A performing drowned rat.

She sat down and looked up at the bitch with the video. She was 
horrified. Her formally private moment...now... She just sat 
there starring at the cameras.

"Don't be shy honey. Don showed us the video of you and the doggie. 
Now spread um and let old Norma and all our viewers see what a bitch 
you are." the woman ordered, maneuvering in for a close up of her 
formerly secrete crotch and it's new decorations.

"Bitch! Raise up the seat and squat over the bowl. Gives a better 
angle." the female videographer demanded.

She looked up at Don and saw a frown. She quickly complied and 
now, with opened her legs, took the hold of her clit ring. She pulled 
it up and down and looked up again. Seeing his displeasure she 
commenced, her performance as bitch....

"MOOO  ... MOOO .... MOOOO!!!"

"Mike get a close up of these. Bitch has a real nice set of 
tastefully arranged rings. "

"They go all the way back to your ass hole?" Norma asked her
as she continued to bellow like a performing seal.

"MOOOO ... MOO ... MOOOO,"  was all she would say.

She could not answer. She just shifted forward and showed then 
all her rings. Maybe if she came she could forget them. They 
would have their visuals. They would leave... Don would fuck her 
and make it all right. She hoped.

"Don this bitch is a real hot one. I'd pay  you .. um ...extra to have 
some time alone with her." Norma gasped.

"Na, not now. Maybe some other time. She is a working bitch. 
Now let's get a move on. You can take some more of her getting 
dressed." Don said.

Everyone backed out of the bathroom except Joan. 

She wanted to run and hide but their was nowhere in there. Finally
she emerged from the bathroom into her bedroom, with all her rings 
shuffling around in their sexy locations at each step.

 The cameras capturing her every move.

"Put on the stuff I set out for you." Don ordered.

There on the bed was her red dress suit with a white blouse. She 
picked it up and started for the dresser. She opened her panty 
drawer. It was empty. She opened her bra drawer. Same result. She 
looked up at Don puzzled. 



Don approached her with Mr. whip. 

"If I wanted you to wear that shit I would have put um out. 
Hands behind your neck, NOW!" Don ordered.

She quickly clasped her fingers behind her neck. She stuck out 
her tits for all to see. The cameras recorded her submission.

"Why do I have to whip the tits bitch?" Don asked.

"I... I am a stupid bitch and this is the only way I will learn. 
Don please whip my tits." Joan heard herself say. She felt the 
searing pain and then she said, 

"Thank you! Now may I get dressed?"

"Yea bitch you are coming along fine," Don said, as he 
possesively gripped her stinging left tit.

"Don  ... I must have her for a while...Please... I'll pay 
extra...I'll ...." Norma began but was cut short.

"I told you, bitch works, and I don't like you closet lezzies. You 
come over some time.... Bring some flowers or shit...  and I might 
let you play with my bitch, but I get to watch... and take pictures." 
Don answered. 

Norma did not like this at all. She liked her kink in private. Norma shut up.

Joan had her clothes on now and she turned to face the people, esentially
fully  clothed, for the first time. Her confidence grew. True she was naked 
under the skirt but she began to feel like her old self, in charge.

"Lift the skirt up bitch. I want you to wear these." Don ordered 
sitting on the bed with a hand full of gray things.

Her confidence dissolved. She lifted her skirt up and bunched it 
at her waste Then she stood there before them. 

The cameras both zoomed in as he fastened the little fishing 
weights to each and every ring. He glued then on and then he 
slapped them to set um in motion. Then he posed her spread 
legged for the cameras recording the various motions.

"Now you go to work. I kneed the car so you take the buss." he 
demanded. "I have left you bus fare on the table."

She dropped her skirt and the weights began their individual 
dances exciting her sex. It felt like she had a bunch of little 
animals nipping at her privates. She took the money he gave her 
for the bus and want to work. The dull fire in her tits assured 
her that no arguments would dissuade him. 

From then on she was never had a quiet moment. The swaying 
of the weights as she walk to the bus, the swaying on the bus 
ride, and even as she the walk down the hall to her office, the 
weights caused her never ending erotic stimulation's.

She had to reach up under her skirt to untangle the weights so 
she could sit down without tearing some skin. Once seated she 
was still pulled by their implacable attempt to reach the floor.

RING      RING     RING

Her phone drug her out of the fog she was in that morning. She 
picked it up and she heard.

"Bitch get your ass over to the window and lift the skirt. I want 
to show my friends all those nice rings. NOW!!" came from the 
phone in her hand.

In a daze she went over to the window pulled open the curtain. 
There was Don in her car with a group of others. He smiled and 
gestured with his hands. She hesitated a second but then lifted 
her skirt. 

Then at his gesture pushed out her cunt and showed all to the 
audience he had assembled. He picked up the phone and gestured. 
She released her skirt and went back to her desk phone. She came 
like a machine gun. Every tug of a weight seemed to set her off, 
and every step caused many tugs.

"Bitch you almost embarrassed me in front of my friends. You 
hesitate one second longer and I would have made you come out 
here and fuck and suck off the whole crowd. You hear me?" came 
the demand. 

"Tonight you have earned some attention with Mr. whip."

"I'm sorry Don. I promise I'll do better. I ..." She began.

"Shut up and listen to me. If  I come back here you better jump 
quicker. Now tonight, if I do not come to pick you up you take 
the buss home. You strip the moment you get in the door. You 
take your clothes to the closet and hang them neatly. Then slam 
the door. Go to your perch. Get to the position and lock the collar 
you'll find there on. Then I'm sure you'll stay there out of trouble 
till I or someone else comes to play with you. You got it? OH yea 
and no picking up stray dog dicks along the way home...""

"Yes Don." she replied. CLICK,,,

She hung up and sat there in a dais the rest of the day. She 
cringed every time the phone rang. She could not escape him even 
here. The mear thought of it caused her to cum again. She raced 
to the women's room to get some tissue paper to mop up the wet 
spot on her skirt. 

Quickly she got into a stall and lift up her skirt. She had to 
sit down to find a way between the weights to sop up the all the 
pussy cream. 

Well while she was here, and her clit ring was right here, she 
decided to do herself. She manipulated the ring and when she 
started to cum she had to say her programmed line, "MOOOO 
..... MOOO"  although she said it very softly. 
                                     
"What was that?? Joan are you all right?" Barbara a coworker 
asked from the sink area.

"No...I'm fine I just... Never mind.." she replied. 



Then it was time for mop up again. Quietly this time, although 
periodically a weight would click together.

The rest of the day was almost uneventful. The weights worried 
her labia and clit with every step, and she kept her jacket on to 
hide the breast rings, but anyone could see the 3 inch circles 
under her jacket. She sought to turn away whenever anyone 
approached her.

She was relieved when the day finally ended. She was disappointed 
to find no Don waiting for her outside. So she rode the buss home 
uneventfully. After she got inside she stripped and took her 
clothes to the closet, which was open. She hung up her suit and 
closed the door. 

CLICK. 

The door locked automatically. She was now a nude prisoner 
in her own house. She looked at the coffee table and reluctantly 
went over to it. She saw a collar with a leash locked on it. The 
leash was nailed to the table beside the usual large rubber dong. 
Well she was not going anywhere... so she scrambled up onto the 
table. She knelt over. Engulfed the dong, collared herself, 
snapped the lock shut and assumed the proper position. Mouth 
stuffed with the rubber dick, ass up and open, and hands yawning 
her sex lips. She was ready for him. She waited...and dripped and 
waited.... 




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                    Joan's New Life # 14

She waited and waited in the humiliating position. The weights 
stretched her labia more and more. Her neck hurt. She should... No he 
ordered her to... Besides she had locked the collar on herself. 
She was his to command. He ordered, she obeyed. Now she waited for 
him. His punishment or his pleasurer her. She deserved his punishment. 
She had been slow at showing his friends, Don's ringed cunt. She creamed 
at the mear thought of it. Her tits tingled with anticipation. Her cunt was 
open and needed filling...

She heard the door open and giggling. She smelled perfume. Don 
was home but he had brought another woman! 

She felt hurt. She was his, totally his, what more could he want? 
She heard him throw his coat over a chair and he sat down facing 
her open exposed cunt. She yawed her sex, silently begging for his
attentions..... Any attention...

"Now you see here. I did not bring you up here to try and fuck 
you. I have my own fucking cunt right here." Don told the woma... 
women. She had sensed two women with him.

"What you see there is a wild ass cunt. Why if I didn't keep it 
chained down there, it would be out probably fucking dogs. If 
I didn't keep it chained here no telling where it'd be. Bitch last 
night got it on with a doggie dick. Would you do that Cindy? 
Claudine?" Don asked the assembled hosts.

 Joan thought. 

She turned red but could do nothing. She had to stay there, on her 
perch, for that is what he wanted. 



"Yuckie Don that is disgusting." One answered. "She did it with a 
doggie? She is a real bitch now." He he he...

"Yea Yuck," came the other voice, "and what are these for? I mean, 
Like wow. I seen Patty Andrews and she has, like three earrings in 
each ear but I bet like she never thought of, well Like putting um in 
down there." the other one said.

"She feels sexy with them. Go on and feel how sexy she is just 
like that, Go on stick you finger in. She will love it." Don 
suggested to the observer.

"Yuckie Don, Cindy would you, Like do that? ... Like I can 
see um from here any..."

"Come on Claudine you act like you never seen a woman before. 
Or are you chicken ....or just a baby." Don taunted the observer.

"Like it is all drippy and stuff. And, Like I .... well I never, 
well Like I hardly ever been with.. Like Cindy is the only one. 
And ...and well like maybe I don't want to." Claudine answered 
obviously very flustered, at the display and the comments of the 
others.

"Go on stick a finger in the old hole. Or do I just take you home 
and get this here Patty to come over and play with me and my 
bitch." Don taunted again. "I told you that we were going over to 
play with my bitch. Maybe I better go get, what was her na.... 
Pat??" Don taunted the young girls.

"I'm not chicken. Claudine get out of the way. I want to see 
those rings..... Hay!!!  Yuck ... This bitches is all wet. Did she 
pee?? Why I bet she just gets this way all the time? Don't she 
Don. Yes sir you got a hot bitch here. Look over here Claudine. 
You pull her here and her brownie goes..." Cindy laughed as she
explored the new toys.....

Joan felt the delicate hand, flutter at first over her sex, and 
then return boldly to pull her rings. 

 She prayed.

Another hand felt her ringed labia. "Does this hurt??" came the 
other girls voice??

"That doesn't matter to a true woman." Don said. "Women wear 
things, all the time... done it to be the in thing. Don't tell me 
you haven't put on those tight jeans because they are comfortable. 
You wear um for bait, like all females. She just doesn't do the 
small shit like you two. She gets turned on by just being a 
bitch. My bitch..."

"Well we could do that too, Like but we/I don't want.." Claudine
stammered. "Do we Cindy??"

"Claudine you could never in your life. Why you wouldn't even 
touch her till I made you." Cindy said. "Here stick your hand in.."

"Let me go, Like Cindy! You stop that..." Claudine said.

"Don help me with this bitch. She needs her panties aired out 
and a good spanking. Hold her for me." Cindy asked.

"Let me go. Like don't you dare. You bitch. Like Don no...Let go. 
Like NO!!! Not the panties too... Cindy please.. Like Don...t" 

Caludine pleaded as her 'friend' and Don stripped off her jeans 
and panties. The precious scraps of cloth were tossed into a 
corner. Joan could see the precious scraps of cloth now in the 
corner and hear the scufflings..

"Here I'll hold her on my lap... You use my belt. This big white 
ass is just in need of some leather action. I bet, with a little 
stripping, we could get her little blond head between my bitches 
cheeks... Why she'll lick them holes for us... if you really wanted 
to. Go on try it." Don taunted Cindy.

"Hay yea!!" Cindy replied. She had found a new toy. Her roomie. 
She advanced upon the gleaming white moons and raised the thick 
doubled over belt.

SPLATTTT   SPLAT.....

"No    NO   OWOW  OWOOO  Stop  Stop OWOW OWOOO!" 
Claudine cried, as her 'friend' started to beat a tattoo of red lines all 
over the smooth white ass cheeks. 

"STOP STOP PLEASE I I'LL STICK MY HAND IN...I ..
PROMISE I'LL...."

"Not good enough cunt." Don demanded. "Let's strip the rest of 
this shit off her and make her lick my bitch off. What you say 
Cindy? Come on you have her right where you want her. She'll be 
your little slave gal forever."

"Don you are ....perverted I ... love it." Cindy said. "Claudine you're 
going to do the dirty with his bitch here aren't you, dear??"

"Cindy, Like your horrible. Like you stop this now. Like you 
stop this now... or...or  I'll tell your mother. I'll tell..." 
Claudine demanded between sobs.

"You sniveling" 

SPLAT 

"Little" 

SPLAT 

"Bitch" 

SPLAT 

"You better do what I say. NOW!!" Cindy ordered as she laid 
strip after strip on the smooth but reddening ass flesh.

"I... I"ll OG God no I can't. Like I mean not if front of him. I ... 
please my poor hinnie. Please stop." Claudine begged.

"I guess this belt is too light for her fat ass. Try the hair 
brush over there." Don directed.

Cindy took up the new implement, tested it's balance and then 
struck.

SWATT!   

SWATT!!  

 SWATT!

"OHOOOHOOHOHOH OHOOHOHOHHHH STOP ... STOP 
.... I'LL DO IT ....DON'T DO ANY MORE. I'LL DO IT. PLEASE 
STOP. I'LL DO ANYTHING YOU WANT." Claudine begged. 

She was near frantic from the blazing fire consuming her reddened
ass flesh.

Joan heard a crash and then.

"All right bitch get up on your knees and strip off that top. I 
want you naked just like his bitch. You can be my bitch." 
Cindy demanded with a commanding voice.

"No please Cindy let me get dressed we can go home. I'll 
lend you my sweater you like so much...." Claudine begged.

"Bitch if I have to have Don hold you again I'll use this little 
brush on your cunt this time...." Cindy demanded.

"Will work better there with the bristles slapping into the 
labia. I know she'll  really dig that." Don offered.

"NO don't I'm doing it. Please... See I'm taking my top off, see???
Cindy see I took it off.. Now can we go..." Claudine offered.

"Don't just sit there hiding them little titties. Kneel up straight 
and clasp your hands behind your head. Or do I have her go to 
work on those pussy lips?" Don demanded.

"OH God no Cindy. Please no." Claudine begged.

"DO IT BITCH!! LET HIM SEE THOSE SMALL 

SHRIVELED NUBS. NOW!! YOU BETTER DO WHAT 
HE SAYS OR I'LL..." Cindy ordered.

"Oh god..." Claudine said as she shifted to the
desired positions.

"She really should have her knees wide open. so she can not hide 
her slit from you, her owner." Don offered from his easy chair.

"Hay cool. Yea bitch spread those bony knees for me." Cindy ordered.

Claudine groaned and shifted to the more humiliating position.

"What do you think Don? What should I make her do?" Cindy 
inquired.

"Here use these. Cuff her hands behind her back... Get her into
it... then you were going have her lick my bitch. Weren't you?" Don 
commented offering a pair of chrome handcuffs to the new dominitrix.

CLICK... 

"Please Cindy... I'm scared..."

CLICK...

"There now crawl over there and lick his bitch." Cindy ordered 
as she threw the rag that was a top onto the pile that recently 
had clothed Claudine.

"No Cindy please let me..." 

SWATTT 

" OWOWOWWWW OK OK I'm going ... No more I'll do it..." 
Claudine begged as she shuffled over to Joan's displayed form.

"Let's get rid of these jeans and shit. I'll put um out of sight 
and go get the video. ... "

"Now you stand there behind her. Order her to... Well you 
know." Don said focusing on the miserable Claudine.

"Lick that bitch or I'll give you more of this." Cindy ordered
waving the hair brush...

"Not very obedient is she?" Don asked, "Have you owned her long?"

"Hun... Oh yea..yea she has been licking me for years. She is all 
ways after me cunt. Bitch can not get enough of my ass. I have to 
drive her away with this." Cindy started to follow Don's lead. 
"She is just shy with you, a man here.

SWATT...

"Now you lick the bitch."

"I do...." 

SWATT 

"I..." 

SWATT 

"You suck Dons bitch or I will have to do you little heine with 
this." Cindy demanded. "I do not know what got into her. She 
usually is the fastest tongue in a hole back at the dorm."

Joan felt the tear stained face and hot breath of Claudine in 
her ass crack. Claudine laid her face across Joan's left ass 
cheek and sought to rest.

 went through Claudine's mind.

SWATTTT.... 

"AWAWWWWW OH PLEASE..."

"Bitch seems to have forgotten her mission." Don offered. "Or is 
she just overcome with the new horizons. After all she probably 
has never seen a ring tale bitch before."

SWATTT..... 

"AW AW  PLEASE NO MORE I'M... I"

"No more dawdling you bitch you are embarrassing me in your video 
dibeau. Get on with it!!" Cindy ordered wielding the hair brush.

Joan felt the tear stained face jump and the tongue lick her 
ringed clit. 

 Joan's inner voice said. 

If she were free Joan would have beat the crap out of both the 
bitches. But she was collared and fixed on her perch. 

She could only hope and wait.

"Stupid bitch is just licking around the periphery. Get her to 
do the brownie. Once she does it for a while she may get with the 
program. If not I will just play with my bitch and you take your 
bitch home." Don said. CLICK...

Don produced a head harness and locked it on Claudine. It 
imprisoned her neck and forehead.

"Aw shit she ain't going to do it.... I know...   lets get her on 
her back with those knees attached up to this collar. Now
I'll go get a spreader bar and we can work on the pussy 
lips for as long as it takes. Bitch thinks she is going home. 
Well we'll fix that. Wont we... Just think about it now bitch. 
Soon these will be on fire." Don commented as the attached 
her right knee to the collar. He ran his hands over the now 
defenseless cunt lips.

Claudine found herself twisted up like some venders pretzel. 
Her ass was on fire and when they said she could go home, 
she stopped even pretending to lick. 



 Then she saw Cindy between her legs. Cindy reached out 
with the hated brush and rubbed her sensitive lips with 
the bristles.

"Cindy Please stop this. I..we have in the past... I mean we 
never.. I mean let me go. I'll leave I'll never tell. I'll.." 
Caludine began but Cindy cut her short.

"I bet these swell up twice this size when we get done. All you 
have to do is lick Don's bitch. Well I have all night. If I were 
you I'd... well you will be my bitch soon and ..." Cindy said. 

She ran the bristles over the sobbing girls sensitive skin 
harshly.

"OWOWOWWWOWOWOWOWOWO Stop I'll do it I'll 
lick his bitch. I'll be your bitch. Don't do this I'll be good. 
I'll.." Claudine said hoping to save her neither lips more 
exposure to the wicked brush.

Cindy raised her right hand and drove the brush, bristle end 
first, into Claudines labia. 

SPLLLAATT SWIP

Claudine's world dissolved into an angry shade of bright red. Her 
neither lips caught fire worse than her ass by a factor of ten. 

She passed out. 


(Note from Stories-Online.net: This is all I have)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Paladin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





