BDSM Library - New Job




New Job
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Girl gets a new job in a bondage factory. Her job is letting customers test new equipment on her.
New Job

by Jan Wright




New Job

by Jan Wright

I had seen the job advertised and the money was fantastic. I went for the
interview and got the job all they were interested in was did I like bondage,
they explained they were a company that made bondage gear and they want a full
time research assistant. My sole job was to test their bondage gear and for that
they would pay me mega bucks.

So here I was my first day not knowing what to expect but very excited knowing I
was going to be tied up half the day. The girl in reception welcomed me and took
me through to the locker room. Today you will be working in reception she told
me and handed me some cloths and told me to get them on.

I opened the bag and found a pair of silky red panties a bra stockings and a
garter belt. I felt embarrassed having to dress in front of this girl and I
struggled to get the panties on as they were so tight even though they
stretched. The bra I thought I would never get on and I was sure it would rip
but with help I got it on it was made of satin and very shiny and it wasn't
until I got it on that I noticed there were holes for my nipples and metal
plates that covered the rest of the nipple.

The girl led me back to reception dressed as I was in my underwear and I felt
very embarrassed. She led me over to the display stand in the corner and asked
me to sit. She produced a large boot twice the normal size and she proceeded to
put both my feet into it and pulled up the leather to my knees. She then laced
it up tight so both my feet were bound together in the giant boot.

She told me to kneel on the wooden step on the display and then strapped my legs
to the step and then placed a collar around my neck and locked it in place. This
was closed followed by cuffs for my wrist which were again locked in place.  She
locked a chain to one of the wrist cuffs and then pulled my arm up my back
towards the neck collar and passed the chain through the collar and brought the
other wrist up to match it, she then pulled it really tight and locked it in
place.

The main effect of all this was to force my nipples through the whole in the bra
and they stood out like organ stops and my tits seemed even bigger than they
normally do. The phone rang and she left me to go and answer it. I looked around
me and wondered how I had ended up in my undies in a public reception. She
returned and noted I had sat down on my legs. This wont do she said you must
kneel up fully I will have to fix that in a minute.

She produced a spray can and proceeded to spray my nipples with it  and then
produced a large red ball and forced it into my mouth and strapped it behind my
head and locked it in position. All you have to do is kneel there and show off
our equipment she said and to make sure you kneel and don't sit I will make it
hard for you to sit. Before I new it she had put a nipple clamp on my left
nipple and quickly followed it up with a clamp on my right nipple. I screamed as
they bit but only a low grunt came out of the gag. She then attached the clamps
to a chain which went over the bar in front of me to a post and she forced me up
right and locked them off. Lets see you sit now she said.

Suddenly I was aware of a itching in my tits (that's what the spray was) it
started to drive me mad and the only way I could get relief was by pulling back
against the calmps, but it was a mixed blessing to far and my nipples hurt. I
struggled with this for a long time and it was made worse by the fact that my
legs ached and I wanted to sit down. The ball gag was making me drool all over
my tits.

What made matters worse was people calmly walking past me as I knelt there in my
undies. A couple came in and were invited to wait  for there appointment. The
man came over and looked at me walking around me and looking at my tits and then
my arse. The girl on reception came over and gave him the details of the
equipment being used. He commented on how smack able my arse was and the girl
then showed him there range of canes and paddles. Would sir like to try some she
asked handing him a cane. This one is very whippy and stings like mad she said.

I suddenly jumped as was arse was set on fire by the cane and this made me pull
on my nipples which hurt even more. Five more times the cane landed and the man
then asked if the cane left any marks. The girl pulled back my panties so he
could see and all I could do was kneel there mortified.

I think a paddle would be better the man said one which will make her arse the
same colour as her knickers. The girl handed him a paddle and he proceeded to
paddle my arse really hard it was all I could do not to cry.  He stopped and the
girl showed him my arse again, good he said its lovely and red and matches her
panties.

He then turn his attention to my bra and asked about its features. The girl went
away and came back with a little box with wires and showed him the metal cones
inside the bra as she attached the wires to them. These controls send a tiny
electrical current she explained and turned the knob. My tits bounced up and
down and I tried to get away from the shocks to my tits. To really make it more
effective the bra needs to be wet she explained and proceeded to get some ice
water from the drinks machine. She tipped the water all over my breast and
suddenly the socks were ten times worse.

I am impressed the man said I could have fun with that I may buy you one Julie
turning to the girl with him who blushed. Just then one of the salesmen came in
and took them off into the factory leaving me still tied. I mumbled to the girl
that my tits were still being shocked, she realized and stopped the machine and
said you did very well it will soon be dinner time.

It seemed like long time before the girl came back and said its time for dinner
as she realised me from my bondage I managed to get up with difficulty as my leg
had gone to sleep. I will take you to the canteen she said follow me. I said
what about my cloths I cant go there like this still in these undies. Don't
worry she said everyone will ignore you and there are lots dressed like you
there is no point in getting dressed you will be undressed again soon enough.

After dinner you will be in the research block we don't normal expect you to be
on reception all day, we like to give people a change if you are caned in the
morning we try not to cane you in the afternoon. This if Jane you will be with
here after dinner, Jane was a blond 5ft 8ins and like myself big breasted. We
ate are dinner and it was true no one did look at us and there were all sorts of
strange costumes being worn in the canteen.

I will show you the research block she said, have you got your name down for
overtime next week she asked? I hadn't been told about that I said. Well there
is a big part next week and you get over time for it as you will be bound all
day with no dinner and will probably be caned till you cant sit down. By now we
had reach the R&D block and we went in.

Hi girls a man said were in room 2 b go in and strip I will see you in a minute.
Room 2b was a empty room with a padded floor and nothing else. We stripped naked
and wait for the man, he came in with a plastic suit each and told us to put
them on. The were transparent and as I put my feet in I saw it had built in
plastic socks. I was surprised as it wasn't tight. Pulling it up I suddenly saw
plastic knobs in the crotch and were my tits would go, they weren't sharp but
would make life interesting.


The suit covered all of my body and only left my head free even the hand were
covered in the plastic. The man came over with a tube and a clip board and came
to me first. He looked at the clip board and then at my suit he made some
adjustment to the suit so the spikes were in the right place. It was a strange
suit mad of lots of pockets all over the suit will little metal valves in some
places. Your water he said to me and attached the tube to a valve below my knee.
I suddenly felt the suit filing with freezing cold water not actual inside the
suit but in the pockets. Two mins and my leg was held in its embrace, he moved
on to my thighs and did the same. When he had finished  my leg was unmovable it
felt like it was in a vices though it didn't hurt. He carried on and did the
whole suit and buy then the spikes were rubbing my tits and pussy.

He lay me down and checked his board and said I will adjust it now, with that he
connect the pipe between my legs and water filled that area and forced my legs
apart, next he did under my arms and my arms came out at right angles to my
body. I was now stuck unable to move any muscle as they were compressed by the
water.

He did the same to Jane and then approached us with ball gags which he soon had
in our mouths and strapped behind our heads. Al right girls I will turn the
camera on now try your best to escape you only have until home time so get on
with it. I struggled for hours and got know were I had to keep stopping as the 
spikes were bringing me to an orgasm but I was to embarrassed to let it happen
knowing I was being watched. The man came back later and released us and it was
then time to go home. See you tomorrow he said you will be in the fun factory
tomorrow. With that I got dressed and went home.

On day two I arrived at work and again was taken to my locker and given a parcel
of cloths. The receptionist showed me the chart of what work I would be doing
for the week and what cloths I would need which was not normally very much.
Today was similar to yesterday tight bra black this time tight satin panties
stocking and high heel shoes.

I went down to the fun room to start work dressed as I was in my underwear. A
man approached me and asked if I was the new girl. I explained I was. We will
start with are new pillory system we have just developed. It was made of
stainless steel and not like your normal pillory. The pillory bit was very shiny
and attached to poles that came up from the base. He made some adjustments and
then I had to put my hands and neck in it, fitted like a glove and held me
ridged with no movement. A thin steel plate was put into place between my legs
and lifted up the front poles so I ended up lying on the thin plate.

I was again made of stainless steel and was narrow enough to fit between my tits
separating them. At the other end it went between my legs and back to another
pole which could be hired or lowered. My feet were loosely chained to the poles.

The man came round to the front with the usual big ball gag and put it in my
mouth. He then put a try under my tits which was part of the design and fitted
onto the pole and could be adjusted. He undid my bra and pushed it out of the
way. He went behind me with another tray and added that near my bum. He the came
back with a thick block of ice and put it on the tray directly under my nipples.
I lift my legs and bum as best I could so that my poor nipples didn't rest on
the ice.

He went behind me again and I felt ice on my bum from the other tray, I moved
away from it only to have my nipples touch the ice. This was what they thought
was fun I was in constant movement either I got frozen tits or a frozen bum.
What made the whole thing worse was the ice was melting and running down my bum
into the most intimate places. Three men came in who were buyers for a night
club chain and laughed at my little dance.

I was just like a specimen to them one pulled my tit to the side and showed the
others how firm my nipples were with the cold then looking at my arse he ask how
the ice would effect me if I got caned. That is another fun game the man said I
will show you he replaced the ice under my tits with two separate pieces of ice
and then came back with a strange machine like a fan but it had leather strips
on it. He put it somewhere behind me after removing the ice from my bum.

Now all we have to do is put these wires to each block of ice he explained and
the fun can begin. Nothing happened as I kept my nipples off the ice, we can
wait until she tires and has to let her tits down or we could push her down. By
then it became academic as I was aching being on tip toes and had to lower my
tits, as soon as I did they hit the ice and I received an electric shock which
made me rise very quick but the circuit had been made for a short while and had
powered the motor on the fan which whipped my arse.

Which again made me jump even more than normal as my arse was frozen, as soon as
I did it all started again I got a shock in my tits and off we went again. They
laughed at my predicament even though I got it under control knowing I couldn't
control it for long as my muscles would soon give out and it would start all
over again. When the men left they turned the machine off but left the ice and
until dinner time I tried to keep from getting a frozen nipple.

Then it was dinner time and they released me they were about to get the keys to
unlock my ball gag when a man came in and said we had an urgent job for a
magazine and did I want to do it as there was extra money in it. I nodded my
agreement and tried to grunt yes. Ok he said lets get this corset   on you  he
said quickly going behind me it laced up very tight and my tits were positively
squashed up and threatening to pop out. A single sleeve went onto my arms and
was soon laced tight. Great the man said some chains for her legs and hurry up.

The chains were soon attached to my legs it was a heavy chain and meant I could
only walk slow. The man dragged me along as quick as I could go back towards
reception and then out through the main doors. I horror I tried to pull back as
I was now in full public view dressed only in underwear.  Come on don't worry he
said we will soon have you in the car and a few more feet and I was bundled into
the car in the back seat. I tried to make myself small as we drove along so know
one would see  me. On the way a trucker pulled alongside us and stared at me
bound as I was.

Suddenly we pulled up at a Hotel and they got me out I tried to fight it but it
was no good hear I was on full public view dressed in panties and stocking and a
corset. They pushed me forward to wards reception and in doing so made one of my
tits pop out, MMMM I said trying to tell them but they didn't care. At reception
the girl on the desk didn't bat an eye at my state she told us to go through and
pointed to a room.

We entered the room were there a few bound girls having there picture taken. I
was taken over to a stand which was simple a bar at waist height fixed to a
board. Were waiting a man said get her tied, my feet were soon tied to the
bottom of the frame with my legs spread. My arms were attached to a rope and
pulled up forcing me to bend over the bar quickly nipple clamps were put on my
nipple and they ran to a hook on the floor.

The man started taking photos of me from all angles the he started barking
orders get some rope round the tits to make them stand out. Two men moved in and
lassoed my tits with thin rope and tied it tight making me into a massive tit
display, The photographer messed with my panties and shouted I want a red arse
see to it. A man came over with a paddle and boy did he paddle my arse it was of
coarse made worse as I couldn't move or it would pull my tit clamps. Finally he
was satisfied with my red bum I cant see it clear through the panties this was
soon fixed  with a glass of cold water which made my panties transparent.

He finished taking his pictures and moved on to the next poor girl I was left
there tied up in case he wanted anymore pictures the men who had brought me sat
down and at some lunch while I grunted through the gag that I wanted some. By
now my tits were really aching still tied and full of blood one of the men at
last realised this and undid the rope around my tits and then thankfully the
nipple clamps. It will be time to go in a bit he said I would take the gag off
but we left the key back at work.

Shortly after I was released from the stand and taken back to the car still
bound and in my undies. I was glad to get back to work and get the ball gag out
as it had been there a long time. Thankfully it was now time to go home and the
end of day two in my new job.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jan Wright


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





