BDSM Library - The Game




The Game
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Male agrees to a varation of strip poker. Needless to say, he loses and is expected to "pay up".
The Game

by devotional




The Game

by devotional

Brad recognized the two women as soon as he walked into the laundry room. They
lived in the apartment above him had moved in a few weeks ago. They were both in
their thirties and very quiet. Brad did not think he had heard a sound above him
since they moved in. He gave them a friendly nod as he walked by with his basket
in hand. He noticed them from the corner of his eye, they were watching him load
his washer. One of them whispered something in the others ear while the other
nodded slowly. He sensed them giggling at him as they spoke. Brad felt his
cheeks getting flush and he could feel his blush spreading. He was not sure what
they were saying, but he felt embarrassed that it might be at his expense. He
pretended not to notice them as he continued loading his washer. He did not see
them rise and walk towards him as he measured his detergent.

"Your name is Brad isn't it?" one of the women asked him. He jumped a little
when asked, partly because he was surprised they had walked over to him and
partly because they knew his name. The woman that had asked him looked to be
almost 40 years old with dark brown eyes and shoulder length brown hair. She
wore little makeup and Brad noticed how piercing her eyes were as she looked at
him. She was about 5 feet 6 and wore a dark blue long skirt and an oversized off
white sweater that did not hide the fact that she was pretty well endowed. A
healthy C cup Brad thought and then began to blush as he felt she sensed his
roaming eyes.

"Er, yes my name is Brad. Do I know you from somewhere?" he asked as he tried to
speak with confidence but instead noticed a slight tremble in his voice.

"No, but we recognize you from the apartment complex." The other woman said, "We
took the liberty of looking on your mailbox for your name." She looked quite a
bit younger now that Brad saw her up close. He had assumed she was in her late
30's before, but now he suspected she was in her mid 20's. She had dyed blonde
hair and wore a pair of glasses with small wire frames. She wore blue jeans with
a baggy flannel shirt untucked. Brad could not take a guess what type of body
she had underneath those clothes, but it was her face that captured him. She had
fair skin and huge blue eyes. Her lips were large and very high cheek bones held
her glasses high on her face. She had a sweet and friendly face.

"Well, it is nice to meet you both, but I feel like I am at a disadvantage since
you both know my name but I am at a loss for yours." The older woman raised an
eyebrow at him. "That's a good point" she said, but did nothing to offer either
of their names. Instead, she asked him if he played cards.

------------------------------------------------------------------

Brad lightly knocked on door #207. His head was swimming with all the events
that took place at the laundry room. He still did not know their names, their
mailbox was blank with no names listed anywhere. The older woman had asked him
if he played cards and when he said he played some she asked him if he played
aces off. He told them he was not familiar with the game and the younger one
asked him if he wanted to learn. He said sure. He thought it might be fun to
learn a new game and get to know the women a little better. But now he had a
million butterflies dancing in his stomach.

These women were beautiful and he hoped he could concentrate on whatever game
they were going to teach him. If he got distracted too much he might come off
looking like an idiot. When the door opened and he saw the older woman smiling
slightly, he felt himself tremble a bit.

"Come in Brad" she said sounding more like a demand then a request. The room was
dimly lit with many candles burning on the coffee table. It took a moment for
his eyes to adjust to the dim light. He saw a modern contemporary living room
with large oversized black leather furniture and mirrors all over the walls. The
younger woman was seated on one of the two black leather sofas and smiled
sweetly at him. The older woman did not offer a drink as she walked him to the
other sofa.

"Let me go over the rules with you Brad and then you have a decision to make."
She said as he sat down on the heavily cushioned couch. "The game is called aces
off and after I explain all the rules to you then you can decide if you want to
play with us this evening." She walked around the coffee table and sat next to
the younger woman. She leaned back with confidence and began with the rules.

"We begin with a simple deck of cards placed face down on the table. We will
play as two teams, us vs. you. Each team takes turns drawing a card. The object
is for you to draw a king and us to draw a queen. By drawing a king, we will be
forced to remove a piece of clothing, and by us drawing a queen you must remove
a piece of your clothing."

"What?" Brad asked, voice sounding surprised and high pitched. The butterflies
in his stomach kicked into high gear. The older woman cut him off with her gaze,
"Brad, please don't speak until I am finished." again more like a command than a
request.

She waited a moment until she was sure her point was made, then she continued.
"Now as you know the game is called aces off and that is the other object of the
game. You must remove a piece of clothing if you draw an ace. So if you draw
many queens, you are taking away our chance of drawing them and vice versa. So
to sum up, If you draw a king or we draw an ace, we will have to remove a piece
of clothing and if we draw a queen or you draw an ace you will remove one. Now
only answer with a yes or no, do you understand so far Brad?"

With his head swimming, brad answered yes.

"Good. Now we continue until one team has lost all their clothes. Now this is
important so pay attention. You still have a chance to tie if you can avoid
drawing an ace or the other team drawing their king or queen until the other
team loses all they clothes. If that happens, we share one glass of wine
together in the nude and then we say good night. However, if you do draw an ace
or the other team draws their power card before they have lost all their
clothing, then you must give yourself to them for the evening and agree to be
used however they wish. We can use you 'till the sun rises or vice versa, and
there are no rules Brad. It is very important you understand that. If you win,
we will agree to anything you want or demand. You can demand oral sex, you can
fuck us up the ass if you want. We are not lesbians or bisexual, but you can
demand that we have sex together. Anything you can imagine will be yours until
sunrise. But be prepared Brad, because the same goes if we win. I will be fair
and tell you that if we win we plan on using you for our slave and will do
things to you you never dreamed a woman would do to a man. Now yes or no Brad,
do you understand so far?"

Brad was trembling all over with awe. He couldn't believe this was happening to
him. This was better than any fantasy he had ever come up with on his own, and
this was real. He felt like he was in a no lose situation, if he wins he had
their permission to do anything. He never had anal sex but he could with two
woman in the same night. He could watch as he had them kiss and fondle each
others breasts while he shot load after load all over them. And if he lost, then
he would submit to them. He was always aware he had a submissive side to him and
the idea that they would use him excited him also.

With his voice trembling he answered yes.

"OK Brad, now for the final rule. Now we are women you see, and women have two
areas that are kept covered from the public eye. Our breasts and our other area.
Men only have one so you have to agree that we have more to lose. Therefore, you
will be able to begin our game with four pieces of clothing and since we have
twice to lose we will begin with eight. Now, the cards are on the table in front
of you. If you wish to play simply draw your first card. If you wish to leave
there will be no hard feelings and you can live out the rest of your life
wondering what could have been. The choice is yours, however by drawing the
first card you agree to all rules and have committed yourself to the game with
NO option to quit. The choice is yours Brad"

With hands that obviously trembled, Brad slowly reached and took the first card.
It was the ace of spades.

------------------------------------------------------------------

Brad was down to his boxers when the obvious hit him. He did not see anyone
shuffle the deck. The women had drawn two Queens and he had drawn an ace and so
far they had not even had to take off a shoe. He nervously looked up to the
women, painfully aware that his erection was visible underneath his boxers. He
blushed a deep red shade as he spoke. "I would like to shuffle the cards
please." he said and knew how wishy washy his demand sounded out loud. He caught
the younger woman look to the other woman, a startled and worried look on her
face.

The older woman just smiled and patted her friends thigh. "Now hon, it is
obvious that Brad thinks we have deceived him in some way. I think is is only
fair to let him shuffle the deck if he wishes. After all we still are wearing
eight garments to his one. Go ahead Brad. Shuffle the deck if you wish."

With trembling hands Brad took the deck and began to shuffle. The calmness in
the older womans voice and the knowing look in her eyes told him what he already
knew. It would not make a difference. He had already lost.

------------------------------------------------------------------

For a brief moment Brad thought he might have a chance. He had drawn 2 kings and
the women had drawn 2 aces. The women were each down to four pieces of clothing
and Brad had also drawn three of their queens. The younger woman looked very
nervous now, but the older just smiled slightly and watched him as he reached
for his next card.

He looked down at the card and felt a great deal of relief that he had drawn a
six of clubs. His head was swimming and he could feel his palms soaked in sweat.
The older woman leaned over and took her card, and for an instant Brad saw
concern on her face. As fast as that look came, it went. The older woman raised
her eyebrow slightly as she dropped the third ace from the deck on the table.

"You know Brad, I was kind to let you shuffle the deck before, but now I am
getting a little angry that you have not lost yet. For your sake, you better
pray that you win now because when I get angry I can get mean." She stood up
slowly and pulled her sweater up over her head. Brad gaped at her body. Her
breasts were easily C cups and were held in place by an off white bra. Her
shoulders were broad and her stomach was very flat. She looked powerful. She
looked sternly at him, sensing his thoughts and Brad blushed. He was again very
obviously aware of his erection. The younger one stood up and looked shyly to
Brad. She grasped the first button on her flannel shirt and then changing her
mind, began to undo her pants. She pulled them down and again Brad gaped. Her
legs had very well defined calves and her skin was silky white. She tossed the
jeans aside and sat quietly on the couch, averting his eyes.

Brad reached out and drew his next card. It was the fourth ace. He blushed a
deep red as he dropped it to the table. The older woman smiled a wicked grin and
the younger looked relieved. Brad had felt disconnected for the past half hour,
like he was watching all this from above and somehow this was a dream. As he
stood on shaking knees he felt as though he was yanked back into his own body.

This was very real indeed and one more card drawn in their favor and he would be
their slave for the next eight hours or so. Worse of all, he felt very
vulnerable and ashamed as he grasped the waistband of his boxers. With a deep
blush on his face and his eyes to the floor he pulled his boxers down past his
knees, springing his erection free. He stood there for a moment not sure what to
do when the older woman began giggling deeply. "One more to go Brad" the younger
woman said, obviously feeling as though they were back in the drivers seat.

Several more cards were picked before the next power card was drawn. Brad picked
up his third king and let out a huge sigh of relief. He had felt so ashamed
sitting nude in front of these women with his erection standing full and now
they would have to expose more of themselves and even the playing field a little
more. Again it was the older woman who stood first and spoke as she unzipped her
long black skirt. "Now I am getting pissed young man," she began as her skirt
dropped to the floor. "I had this whole evening planned out. You would lose, we
would tease you a bit and we would all have ended up in bed a few hours before
dawn and fucked each others brains out. But you had to shuffle the cards didn't
you? You had to try and get control didn't you? You are just like the men at
work. The ones I watched getting promoted just because they had a penis and
would play golf with the president. I watched them for years passing me by for
promotions and you know what? I am really pissed. So now you better win or I am
going to take out years of frustration on you. You will witness first hand how
powerful the female race can be Brad."

Brad couldn't believe what he was hearing. Her voice was very calm as she made
her speech and she never lost the confidence in her voice. Brad knew it would
make her mad, but he had to allow a moment for his eyes to roam her body. She
was a powerful woman indeed. Well defined thighs and calves, toned arms and
stomach. And breasts that he believed would not sag even without the bra that
held them in place. As he suspected, she gave him a stern look as she placed her
fists on her hips. "Go ahead boner boy and take a good look. This is the body
that will break you tonight."

As if feeding on the older womans will, the younger blonde stood up and
unbuttoned her shirt. She pulled it off, her eyes never leaving his. Almost
daring him to ogle her. She also was nicely toned underneath that baggy flannel.
She was a medium build woman with smaller breasts. As his eyes danced for a
moment over her body, she looked at him through her glasses. Her stare did not
waiver for a moment. "go ahead Brad," she said "Pick your card."

Brad knew there was one queen and two kings left and the pile was getting small.
Only a few minutes yet and all of their fate would be sealed. The next several
cards were meaningless. Brad was half hoping that they would get the last queen
so it would be over. He didn't really think he could win, and he thought if he
got one of the last two kings they would be even angrier. He would find that out
as he picked up the king of diamonds. His voice trembled as he whispered, "I'm
sorry".

The older woman glared at him. Brad noticed his erection was gone and he was
covered with sweat. He wanted to show them he had mercy and did not want them to
be angry with him. "Please," he began, "don't do it. Lets pretend I didn't get
that card. I am sorry I shuffled the deck, I really am. Let's just keep picking
and pretend I never got that king." He knew he sounded weak as he said this, but
he really wished he had lost already. The older woman shook her head no. "A deal
is a deal Brad, we are going to abide by the rules." The older woman reached
behind her and unhooked her bra.

"Don't feel bad little one, I was upset before. If you win, you can do what you
will with us and we will obey you with emotion." She smiled as she dropped the
bra to the floor. Brad felt at ease by her voice and as he looked at her breasts
with huge nipples. He felt his erection return. He was still ashamed by it since
it left no doubt that they had power over him, but he could not take his eyes
off her breasts. The younger girl reached behind her back and cleared her
throat, shaking Brad away from the large round nipples he had been staring at.
"But Brad," the younger one said as she too removed her bra. Her breasts were
small with small tight nipples poking up to the air. "if we win, you better be
prepared to beg for mercy."

Two turns later the women picked the final queen. Both women stood up wearing
nothing but panties, but looking powerful and confident. "Time to pay up Brad"
the older woman whispered. Brad looked at a clock on the wall and guessed there
was about eight hours to sunrise.



"Before we get started, we're going to need to clean you up." The older woman
said. She was in the kitchen and was preparing something from the freezer. Brad
had been ordered to stand in the center of the room with his hands behind his
back and his eyes to the floor. Again, he was ashamed by his erection, but did
not understand why. The younger woman was standing watch over him and he could
feel her presence behind him. He heard the other woman enter the room and hand
something to the younger one.

"Make sure he uses all six of these and don't let him come out until he is done"
she said. Brad was confused "What am I supposed to use?" he asked and was
greeted with a hard slap across the face by the older woman. "Shut up you piece
of shit until you are told to speak. Do you understand?" Brad was startled by
the sting on his cheek, but nodded yes as he looked to the floor. "Good!" the
older woman said. "Now go clean him up hon."

Brad felt the younger one push him to the bathroom. It was too brightly lit
compared to the living room and Brad felt ashamed by his nakedness. "Get in the
shower pig" the younger one ordered. Brad stepped in and was about to turn to
face her when she slapped his face. "Did I tell you you could turn around?" she
demanded.

Brad turned back around with her standing outside behind him. He was about to
ask what he should call them since he sensed she was the nicer of the two, but
now he stood with his head facing down. She leaned over and turned on the water
and Brad felt cold water turn to lukewarm water. He wanted to shout from the
initial cold, but bit his lip to keep quiet.

"Now use that soap and clean every inch of that disgusting body of yours you
pig." she said. Brad began to lather himself all over and finished with a good
scrubbing with the shampoo he found in there. When he was done he dropped his
hands to his side and waited.

"OK, scum. Now turn around." she ordered. He turned and being a man his eyes
naturally found their way to her small tight breasts. She met his gaze with
another slap across the face. "Look at your feet you piece of shit" she
demanded. When he quickly dropped his gaze she continued. "Now this bowl
contains six ice cubes. You will take one at a time and put them up your ass.
You will hold them inside you until they melt and then you will release the
water into the tub do you understand?"

Brad's eyes opened wide and he tried to mouth some words when her hand slapped
his face again. "Now turn around so I can see them go in and do it now!" she
demanded.

Brad's hands shook as he took the bowl from her hands. He turned his back to
her, spread his legs and nervously began to push one of the ice cubes inside
him. He let out a sharp gasp as he felt the ice cube disappear inside him and
his anus close tight around it. He fought the urge to push it back out and grit
his teeth at the coldness he felt deep inside him. With trembling hands he took
the second and was amazed that it too disappeared inside him. He felt ashamed as
he pictured the young one behind him, arms folded under her breasts and smirking
as she watched him place the ice cubes one after another up into his own ass.

After the fourth one it became more difficult to push them inside of himself.
His head swam as he forced the fifth ice cube inside him, all the time feeling a
cold burning inside himself. After the sixth ice cube was pushed inside his
rectum, he pushed himself against the tile wall to support himself since his
knees were buckling underneath him.

Again, visions of the younger one watching him swam through his head. This woman
who he had only seen about a half dozen times before. This woman with the
glasses, so sweet looking that he never had the nerve to even say hi to her
before. This woman who's name he still didn't know. This woman standing topless
behind him watching him...ordering him to put ice cubes up his own ass and stand
there until they melted inside of him. He wondered if this woman was laughing at
him inside, laughing at her power over him. Was this something she had done
before? Was she not this sweet librarian he pictured her to be? Or was this
giving her a thrill she never imagined before tonight? The thrill of stepping
out behind her insecurities and discovering she had a power all her life and was
only afraid to use it. As the ice cubes melted inside him he wondered all of
these things.

------------------------------------------------------------------

Brad emerged from the bathroom with the younger one behind him. His head was
bowed and he felt he was blushing very hard. He had no idea how long he was
inside the bathroom, at one point he felt he was about to pass out from the cold
feeling deep inside him. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the shadow of
something new in the living room. A large object of some type, though he didn't
dare look up to get a good look at it. "This way slave" the younger one ordered
as she pushed him towards the object.

The older woman stood next to the object, still wearing only panties. She had no
reason to feel any shame by her exposed body, she was in total control tonight.
"Look at the present we have for you slave." she said, her voice low and
mocking. He slowly lifted his head to see the stocks, just like the kind used in
old New England. There was a spot for his head and wrists, and a padded bar that
when locked would hold them in place. "Now you know what to do slave" she said.
Brad walked over and put his neck and arms where they belonged and felt the top
come down over him, holding him in place. He heard the padlock snap shut and he
was theirs.

The stocks were not his height, so he had to bend at about a 45 degree angle to
get into it. The older one walked behind him and placed what felt like a padded
bench beneath his stomach. He heard her pressing some sort of a foot pedal
several times and soon he felt the bench pressing against his lower stomach. She
continued until it lifted him off the ground and his feet hung down a few inches
from the ground. He suddenly felt very vulnerable, his head and arms secured and
his ass in the air. He heard the two whisper to each other and heard some sort
of belts being fastened. It seemed like ten minutes passed by before he heard
the older one speak.

"So slave, did you have visions of fucking us up the ass tonight?" she asked.
Brad didn't know what to say. He had indeed dreamed of that, but he felt he
should not tell them. "No." was all he replied. A second later he felt a whip
come down hard against his ass and could not stop the yelp that came from his
mouth. "You are to address us as Mistress do you understand? Now, let's try that
again you pathetic shit. Did you dream of fucking us up the ass?"

The whip had surprised him and he didn't want to feel it again so spoke the
truth this time. "Yes Mistress" he said. The older one chuckled as she walked
around to face him. "I thought so you little pervert." When she stepped in front
of him his eyes opened wide. She had a strap on dildo secured over her panties.
He had never seen one before so he was shocked at the sight. The younger one
stepped into his limited view and with surprise he saw she too wore one. "Now
let's see if you can guess what we are going to do with these." She said. Brad
thought he knew, but was too afraid to say. "I don't know mistress." he answered
weakly. The older one laughed loudly and Brad couldn't stop from stealing a peek
at her breasts as they shook with her laughter. "Slave, look me in the eyes and
don't look away until I tell you." Brad nervously looked up into her dark eyes
and listened as she spoke.

"Tonight you will lose your virginity. I think it is a safe guess that you have
never been fucked up your ass so tonight you will understand. Just like in
prison, just like in the boardroom. Getting fucked in the ass is the ultimate
submission and to the one doing the fucking it is the ultimate power. Tonight we
will take from you and use you and any last doubt over who is really in control
tonight will be erased from your mind. Do you understand?" Brad, staring into
her dark eyes nodded yes. "Good, now look at my cock slave." she ordered. Brad
dropped his eyes down to her strap on and wondered what it was going to feel
like rammed into his ass.

The younger one had brought a stool over to the older one and placed it on the
floor in front of Brad. The older woman stepped in front of Brad, her large
breasts an inch from his face. "This is what you want isn't it slave?" she
asked. She ran a fingernail over her large nipple and Brad watched in amazement
as it rose to her touch, becoming erect and even larger an inch from his eyes.
The nipple rose and hardened like it was being filled by a bicycle pump. "Answer
me slave, this is what you want isn't it?" Brad couldn't take his eyes off her
breast, couldn't help but become even more erect at the sight of her fondling
her own breast. "Yes Mistress." he gasped. The older woman pulled away then "Too
bad, because this is what you are going to get." she whispered as she stood up
on the stool with hands on hips, her strap-on an inch from his face.

"Now since you are a man, I guess you have no idea what a dry fuck feels like do
you?" The older woman asked. Brad answered no. "Well, Let's just say it is
painful. So unless you want my cock driving into your ass dry, I suggest you
suck on it awhile and get it good and wet." Brad looked up at the older woman,
looked into her eyes that were looking down at him over her large breasts. He
was so confused, he did not know what to do, he just stared into her dark eyes.
The older woman shrugged her shoulders, "Last chance slave. Trust me though, it
would be better for you. Just open your mouth when you are ready." Not sure what
to expect, Brad opened his mouth and closed his eyes. The older woman slowly
entered his mouth with hercock, first sliding it in only about an inch, then
further. Brad began to suck eagerly as she began pushing her cock in and out of
his mouth. He began tofeel a strange sensation, like she was giving him a gift
of some sort. Like she was being kind to him. He began to suck harder on her
rubber cock wanting to please her.

"That's right my eager little slut," she told him, "suck my cock. Make it good
and wet so I can slide it easily into your ass. Suck it good little boy." She
said as she began to thrust it deeper into his mouth. He sucked harder and
harder, noticing the loud moaning he was now making. Again, he imagined what he
must look like to the women he had met for the first time tonight. He saw
himself, sucking hard on the older womans strap-on cock as she fucked his mouth
with her hands on her hips, breasts swaying back at forth. He imagined the
younger one behind him, watching him with amusement as his erection bounced
around, eager for either of them to stroke him.

"That's enough now." the older woman said as she pulled the cock out of his
mouth. Brad saw a long string of drool stretch from his lips to her cock.

"Now you better relax and prepare for me to take you now." He could feel her
walking behind him as she spoke. "remember our deal, this is what I want and you
agreed so don't tighten up and make it rape. If I have to I will rape your
virgin ass, but I am giving you the choice between that and accepting your place
as my fuck puppet." Brad could feel her rubbing the tip of her cock gently
against his anus.

He felt himself loosen as he prepared for his new experience. "Good boy," she
whispered as she sensed his willingness for what was about to happen to him. She
began to push her cock inside of him...only an inch at first and then pulled it
out. Brad moaned. "Do you want more slave?" she asked. "Yes Mistress..." he
moaned. She pushed her cock slightly, barely touching him. "Then tell me what
you want me to do slave. Say it out loud."

Brad blushed deeply, feeling their eyes on him. He glanced up to the wall and
saw their reflections in some of the mirrors that hung on the wall. The older
one, with her magnificent breasts hanging above him, was looking down at him
waiting for his answer. The younger one, with a smile on her face, watching the
older one. The older one looked at her and they both smiled...sharing a special
joke. Brad didn't want to say it. He didn't want to admit out loud what he
wanted more than anything, and he knew that they knew what he didn't want to
admit. Looking at the older woman in the mirror, he swallowed what little pride
he had left and told them.

"Mistress, please fuck me now. Please put your cock inside me" he said as he
watched her. She did not see he was looking at her in the mirror. She did not
know he had seen her wicked grin. "Are you a slut? Tell me if you are my little
slut toy...tell me you are my fuck toy." She demanded. Brad couldn't take his
eyes off her, couldn't stop staring at her large nipples in the mirror. "Please
fuck me mistress. I am your fuck toy. I am a slut who wants nothing but your
cock inside me." he pleaded. He glanced up and was startled that she was looking
right at him in the mirror. Their eyes locked and he knew that she was aware
that he was allowing his eyes to roam over her body. A flash of anger crossed
her face as she looked to the younger one. "Go fuck his mouth." she ordered to
her friend. "He thought he had free will for a moment," The younger one walked
in front of him and slapped his face. "Open your mouth slut." she demanded. Brad
closed his eyes and opened his mouth. He took her cock in his mouth as she began
to thrust inside. He almost gaged as she pump fucked his mouth. Meanwhile, the
older one had roughly began to enter him also. He felt her sliding into his ass
much faster than before. He tried to loosen his backside as she worked her way
inside of him. Brad could not believe how far she pushed into him, before he
knew it he could feel the front of her hips pushing into his cheeks. Brad knew
she was all the way inside him now.

Brad moaned loudly. The older woman was fucking him much faster now. Pushing her
cock deep inside him and pulling out almost all the way, only to repeat the
motions over and over. The younger one was fucking his mouth, her hands holding
his hair tightly. His body was limp as he took both of them, head swimming.
Several hours earlier he had been doing laundry and assuming his night would be
spent in front of the TV. Now we was a play toy for two women he had only just
met. They fucked him, controlled him and owned him. He heard the older womans
breathing getting heavier and quicker. She was almost gasping for breath as she
fucked him faster yet. Brad suspected she was masturbating while she fucked him
and was close to orgasm. As if to confirm what he was thinking, the older woman
began growling at him. "That's right you whore," she grunted, "take my cock you
slut. I am fucking you now you slut and you love every second of it don't you?
You love me shoving my cock inside you don't you. That's right whore...take it
all slut...as if you had a choice." Her breathing was very fast now and Brad
knew she was close. "Yes! That's right, just lie there and take it. Take it all
you whore..." And she let loose with loud panting. She had cum.

"My turn." the younger one said as she pulled her cock out of his mouth. Brad
gasped for air, his body was limp everywhere except for the erection that begged
for release. Brad lay there as the younger woman pushed herself deep inside him.
The younger one was much slower and more deliberate with her fucking. Brad was
powerless to move and just lay there moaning softly as she slid in and out of
his ass. Her breathing also increased and Brad waited for her to cum. Just when
it reached it's peak and he knew she was about to let lose, she reached under
and tightly grabbed his balls. As her loud moaning let lose she squeezed his
balls roughly. Brad's head swam as she squeezed and panted. Finally she let them
go and pulled out of him. "Now you can lay there and think about how we just
violated you. Think about how you loved it and what that says about you. Just
think about it whore."

And Brad heard her walk into the other room with the older woman. He heard them
laughing and pouring drinks. Brad was left alone.

------------------------------------------------------------------

Brad didn't know how long had passed until they released him from the stocks.
His mind was racing over the evenings events. The card game, the ice cubes and
most of all the fucking of his mouth and ass. When they did walk back in he saw
they were fully dressed now. The older woman wearing a female power suit, like
the kind that women lawyers wore. It was a black skirt, white blouse and
pinstriped black and gray blazer. Her hair was tied back in a bun. The younger
woman was dressed as the school teacher he imagined her to be before tonight.
Conservative white blouse, long black skirt, hair pulled back and the wire
glasses that she looked down at him through.

"When we let you out of the stocks you are to go sit on the floor next to the
coffee table." the younger woman said, "Do you understand?" Brad looked down at
the floor in shame and said yes. Now that they were fully dressed he felt even
more naked and vulnerable. The older woman opened the padlock and Brad moved to
the floor next to the table, muscles stiff and aching. "Darling," the older one
said to the younger one, "be a doll and check the cam corder to make sure we
don't need another tape." Brad looked up in alarm and saw a video cam corder on
a tripod near the stocks. The younger one took a look at at and told the other
there was plenty left. "Good," said the older one. "Be a darling and bring it
over here." The younger one took it off the tripod and walked it over to the
older one. The older one lifted it up and pointed it at Brad as she spoke. "Well
slave, we have quite the souvenir here don't we? Let's see, we have you losing
the game, I got some nice shots of you pushing ice cubes up into your ass and
let's not forget the fuck session."

Brad just sat there naked, looking down at the floor. A deal is a deal he told
himself and they had won. He felt very shy and ashamed as he sat naked in view
of the video recorder. "Now slave, be a good boy and clear off the side of the
coffee table closest to you. You can push the candles and the cards to the other
side of the table. Brad pushed the candles over the black glass surface of the
table to the other side and waited on his knees for her next order. "Good boy,"
the older one mocked, "now I guess you have been a good slave so far so now it
is time for your treat. After all every good boy deserves a treat right?" She
asked with a grin behind the cam corder. Brad nodded yes. "Good, now you may now
jerk off on the table for us. Right there on the spot you just cleared away."
Brad blushed deeply, knowing he had no choice. "Come on slave, let us see you
stroke yourself for us and make it good, remember this is a Kodak moment."

Brad slowly looked up at the women. The older one was smiling as she aimed the
video recorder at him. The younger also smiled with her arms crossed as she
watched. Brad was very ashamed as he reached down and began to stroke himself.
"Think of it Brad," the younger one said, "every night you stroke yourself to
sleep. A private habit indeed. And now you have two women watching you perform
your little ritual and a video to watch over and over again too." They both let
out a laugh as he continued to stroke himself for the camera, and for them.
"Let's see that juice little boy" the older one mocked and again they both
laughed at him.

He didn't want to, was very ashamed that he was going to, but Brad had been
erect all night and he was helpless to stop what was about to happen. As he
stroked himself faster he closed his eyes and could feel an orgasm close. His
breathing came faster and he was about to cum. He stroked even faster, ashamed
but unable to stop. "Now look at the camera Brad" the older one demanded loudly.
She knew he had reached the point of no return and Brad looked up at the camera
just as he began to cum. He began to spurt all over the table, pearls landing
everywhere. He looked into the camera, humiliated as he spurted all over the
black glass top. His knees began to tremble and he was groaning from the large
orgasm he was having. His cum landed on the table, his hands and some on the
floor. Moaning he pumped the remaining cum from himself and blushed into the
camera.

The two women looked down at him as he panted hard. "Look at the mess you made!"
the younger woman scolded. Brad looked at the black surface of the coffee table.
It was a large orgasm and he nervously looked back up at the women. "I think you
have some cleaning up to do don't you?" the younger one asked him. "Yes
Mistress." he replied, embarrassed by his mess. The older woman took a step
closer and zoomed in on him. "You have one minute," she began, "to lick that
entire mess up. I want that table spotless. GO!" she demanded. Brad looked at
the mess he had made and blushed. They were asking him to do something that he
just didn't think he could do. He looked up at the younger woman and pleaded
with his eyes. She met his gaze with a cruel amusement and a slight laugh. "Go
ahead," she smiled, "times wasting." Brad looked at the floor for a moment, then
he leaned to the table and began to lick up his own juice. The taste was very
unpleasant to him and he thought of the girls in the past who had swallowed his
orgasms.

He continued lapping up the cum. A minute later he looked up, face smeared with
his own cum, and saw the amusement in their faces.

------------------------------------------------------------------

Four hours later, Brad exited apartment #207 with only his own apartment key in
hand. He was ordered to leave his clothes behind. They would be returned to him
with a copy of the two video tapes later. After Brad had licked up his own cum,
he was fucked again. He was then spanked over the knee by both women and also
tied to the couch and whipped. After he was told it was time to leave, the older
one told him that if they enjoyed the tape he may be asked to play again...same
rules as before. Brad thanked her as he went out into the hall naked and hurried
downstairs to his own apartment.

He was lucky no one came out of their own apartment on the way to work. He was
sore all over and he felt like he would wear this blush on his face for ever.
But he couldn't wait to see the video tapes.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Devotional


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





