BDSM Library - GangBang S.L.U.T.




GangBang S.L.U.T.
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Insatiable S.L.U.T. Meri Dallas happily tests the limits of extreme fucking with a gang of rough, rowdy studs!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A S.L.U.T.(tm) ADVENTURE
(Swinging Lifestylers United Together)

PROSEX(tm) STORIES series.  Collect 'em all.

This story is XXX for ADULTS ONLY!  It contains graphic descriptions of sexual
activity, LOTS of sexual activity.  Copyright (c) 1999 - 2000 Positively Pagan. 
All Rights Reserved.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


GANGBANG S.L.U.T. 
By Taliesin the Bard




GANGBANG S.L.U.T. 
By Taliesin the Bard


The cool night wind felt good to Meri Dallas.  It wafted under the hem of her
short lycra dress and tickled the moist lips of her pussy as she sauntered up
the walkway to the house.  At the door she rang the bell and waited. 

It was around eleven in the evening and most of Beverly Hills was quiet that
Thursday night.  She had passed only two other people, a young couple, on the
short walk from her car to the doorway.  Though they had seen her, they had made
no comment upon her look and manner of dress.  Meri had noted that lack of
response, as her S.L.U.T. attire more often than not drew commentary, some
critical, some approbational, from passerby. Disappointment, though for only a
fleeting moment, had caused a quizzical narrowing of her bright eyes and a small
crease to appear upon her normally smooth brow. She knew, however, that the men
inside the house would like her look.  The thin, almost gossamer, fabric clearly
showed the points of her small breasts and its shortness barely concealed her
ass behind and pussy in front.  That thought brought a smile to her face.  She
was at this house to get fucked; had been told to expect at least a dozen men. 
'The more the Meri-er' she thought.  It was going to be one hell of a gangbang
if she had anything to say about it.

Brief formalities of introduction followed the opening of the door and her being
lead to a large, airy living room occupied by about fifteen men. They appeared
to range in age from mid-thirties to late forties.  A few of the men had seen
her at the strip club where she danced and said so, but she recognized only one.
A few hours before, he had been the one to invite her to this party. 

Meri had been sitting at the bar after her six o'clock show.  The man had
sauntered over to her, said 'Hi' and thrust his hand between her legs, sending a
long finger probing into her slippery slit.  (That she had been sitting with
legs open and had previously, on stage, fucked herself with an eighteen inch
dildo may have impelled and emboldened his approach.)  Meri had responded by
raising herself off the bar stool a bit to give him better access to her cunt  -
a second finger went in - and then sat again, trapping his hand.  The man told
her his name, but she later forgot it, hadn't paid attention to it in the first
place.  What she had focused on was the prominent bulge in the man's pants.  She
stroked that bulge through his denim jeans.  "Anymore at home like you, bigboy?"
she had asked admiring the size and firmness of the cock.  His response was to
invite her to a party later that night.  If she liked gangbangs, he had added.  
He, and a group of his friends, went out to various bars and clubs every
Thursday night looking for pussy, and usually finding it.  The friends would
gather at his house around ten.  If Meri were interested, they would be waiting
for her at eleven.   Wiggling on the fingers inside her then raising her ass to
let the man withdraw his hand had been her only answer, but in her mind she had
already accepted the invitation.  The man knew it too.  He sniffed the fingers
that had been inside Meri then held them out for her to lick.  She did, and then
he turned and walked off.

Meri had worked at the club until eight, given a quick blowjob to her assistant
as she often did, went home to prepare.

As she soaked in a bubble filled tub, Meri spoke by phone with Lesiah Thrace,
her mentor and leader of the S.L.U.T.s, the group of wanton women to which Meri
belonged.

"Does this count?" Meri begin when Lesiah had answered.  "I mean, as part of my
education as a S.L.U.T.  I'm supposed to push the limits.  But does that mean if
I fuck ten guys, the next time I should fuck eleven or maybe it's twenty?  And
after that, does it keep going up?  'Cause I had over a hundred partners as my
initiation into GoddessSex, so doing a dozen guys, what kind of experience will
that...?"

"Don't do it by the numbers, Meri, never by the numbers."

Lesiah was in her office in Hollywood.  She had just wrapped production on her
latest XXX epic and was celebrating with a few friends.  Lacey Linden, Maria
Torres and Sondra Holm were also members of the S.L.U.T.s, and they were doing
what sluts do. After spending eight days shooting porn, Lesi needed real sex;
non-scripted, anything goes sex.  Lacey, Maria and Sondra were just the pussies
to give it to her.  Still she was able to concentrate on Meri's call.  Meri was
an important member of the group and quite possibly Lesi's successor.  So while
Lacey licked her pussy Lesi sat on her desk with legs spread and said to Meri:
"How limiting that would be.  By the numbers?  Really, how absurd.  Whatever the
experience, whatever the number or the situation, take that to the limit and
beyond, make it the most extreme it can be.  Push yourself to go beyond.  One,
ten, one thousand, it doesn't matter.  Take every experience to the extreme. 
Pursue pleasure and nothing else."

"Thanks, Lesi.  I know that's the path for me.  I just need to hear it
sometimes."

"Would you like me to come with you?"

"I kinda want to fly solo on this one.  But...."

"Well Lacey is here and she's eating out my pussy, really well.  And Sondra is
eating out her pussy..."

"Also really well," averred Lacey, smiling at the woman between her legs. 

"And Maria is eating out Sondra..."

"Really really well," chimed in Sondra.

"So I can be there if you want.  All of us can."

"No.  S'okay.  Thanks."  Meri didn't want to interrupt her friends' fun.  She
knew how exciting those woman-to-woman lick-fests could be.

"Remember the Goddess and the whore are one."

"I remember."

With that Meri hung up.

There was no jealousy among the women who comprised the membership of the
S.L.U.T.s.  Meri had not felt 'left out' of the activities, nor had she been.  
Lesi was fully aware that Meri worked at the strip club on Thursdays and Fridays
so she usually wasn't free for fucking during those days.  Meri had been with
Lesi and Lacey just a few days before fucking a couple of dozen men in an alley
behind a Hollywood porn shop.  Also, she would be joining most, if not all, of
the S.L.U.T.s for a swing party in Malibu on Saturday.  So Meri did not feel
left out, anymore than any of the others could feel left out of her impending
gangbang.

In the celebration of sex each individual shared the joy of all.

Meri had finished her bath, eaten a small salad, selected her best S.L.U.T.
outfit, applied just a touch of make-up, douched, and masturbated herself to two
orgasms* before heading to her rendezvous.

She had arrived just at the appointed time.

Now she said: "Hi, I'm Meri.  You all ready to fuck?"

They were ready, if a bit surprised at her forwardness.  Not even a drink first,
though Meri did find, a few minutes later, after the gangfuck had begun, a
bottle of beer being placed in her hand though she had been reaching for a cock
that had just hardened to readiness.  She took a long swig, put down the bottle
and this time got hold of the cock.  Her mouth went back to working on the cock
in front of her and her other hand continued to stroke the cock to her right.

"Why don't we see what we've got here?" suggested one of the men.  "I wasn't at
the club where you found her."

"Yeah, Chris," retorted another,  "you struck out at the club you went to."

The group laughed good-naturedly and Meri stood on a table set against one wall
of the large living room to let the men see her.  The men took seats on chairs
and couches, and those who hadn't already took their dicks out of their pants
and began to stroke them. 

For Meri Dallas it was almost like being on stage at the club.  With practiced
ease she ran her hands over her body, squeezed her breasts, and cooed invitingly
to her audience: "I'm Meri.  I'll be your slut for this evening.  Please feel
free to make use of me in any way that pleases you.  I'm sure it will please
me."  Then she turned away from them and slowly bent forward giving the men a
good view of her pussy and ass hole.  Several men gasped.  Comments such as
"Amazing!" and "Far out!" and "I've got to have me some of that!" were heard. 
Meri smiled as she looked at them from between her legs, knowing the impact she
was having.

On the drive to the house, Meri had inserted a two-inch butt-plug into her
rectum and had put a vibrating plastic egg into her pussy.  She had felt
pleasantly, sexually buzzed on the drive and had removed the plug and balls only
reluctantly and only in anticipation of reaping greater thrills from her
impending gangfuck.  The plug and balls had done their trick.  Meri's ass hole,
as the men observed, was open as if it had just received a fucking from a salami
and her pussy hole was clearly open as well, and dripping wet.  There was no
doubt that Meri Dallas was there to fuck.  And that's just what ensued, a
gangfuck that left all participants totally drained and completely satisfied.

Meri stepped down from the table.  The men closed in around her.  She sensed
their strong sexual desire, smelled their musky sent, heard them breathing
heavily.

She felt a warm body pressing close behind her and strong fingers finding their
way unfalteringly into her cunt that was already slick with her love juices. 
The tall man needed little dexterity to slide the thin material of the dress out
of the way though it required a bit of maneuvering to position his dick properly
for entrance into tiny Meri's invitingly open ass hole.

The man was not gently, nor was Meri expecting him to be.  This was a gangbang,
not some romantic tryst.  Though Meri enjoyed the softer aspects of lovemaking,
she was equally happy with being the lustful attention of a room full of horny
men.  She did as she pleased, as her mood suited her.  This was a night to fuck. 
So she was quite prepared to feel all seven inches of the man's cock slamming
into her rectum with one stroke.  Rapidly he pumped back and forth, and Meri
Dallas would have screamed her pleasure had she not employed a different use of
her mouth, that of sucking on one of the cocks in front of her.  She did remove
her mouth from that cock long enough to grunt "Uhnnnn, yes. Fuck me deep!"
before resuming sucking.

Meri jerked the cocks of two other men with her skilled hands, felt the hands of
still another man squeezing her breasts through her dress while at the same time
trying to move the material out of the way.  "Just rip it off me!" she cried in
the few seconds between taking her mouth off one cock and placing it upon
another.  "It doesn't matter."

Several of the men pulled and the dress came up and over Meri's head.  The dress
did not tear and Meri would be able to wear it again, though one of the men did
wrap a portion of it around his dick and began jerking off into it.

The action of removing Meri's dress had removed her contact with all the men
except the one pummeling her ass.  Now he reached down to grab the backs of
Meri's thighs and lifted the tiny blonde into the air, exposing her pussy to the
direct view of the men.

Grinning, another of the men approached and directed the bulbous head of his
cock into Meri's dripping wet twat.

"Oh yeah, baby, stick that big thing in me."

It was big, much longer and thicker than the one pleasuring her rectum.  It
filled her fuck sheath fully.

"Morty and Marty are at it again!" shouted one man as he and the others cheered
on the threesome.

Apparently Morty and Marty have done this before, Meri thought, noting the skill
with which the two studs performed.  They held her comfortably, and managed to
drive their shafts into her with the deepest possible penetration.  In no time,
all three were climaxing in an orgasmic fury and Meri got the first two of many
loads of hot cum she would receive that night.

"Okay okay you guys," came the voice of a fortyish, balding fellow.  "Time to
share.  Bring her over here."  He was seated on one of the couches, but as he
said 'Here' he pointed to his erect prick.

"Yes!  Yes!  Share me," panted Meri.  "I love to be shared."

Morty - perhaps it was Marty - carried Meri across the room and as she slid off
his dwindling erection she slid onto the erection of the couch man.  Meri felt
his hard fleshstick burrow into her fuck furrow and pressed herself close
against his warm body.  She began a rapid pumping up and down of her hips.

Hands, delicate but insistent, grasped her shoulders and directed her to bend
backwards.  Meri opened her mouth instinctively as she looked up and took hold
of the cock she saw, guiding it into her mouth.

Meri did not lose contact with the couch man, and in fact this bending backward
had thrust her pubic mound upward toward him revealing her distended clit to
him.  He began flicking his thumb against the engorged pleasure organ as he
pumped cock into her.  Meri was in a delirium of pleasure.  And the evening had
just begun.

The cock in her mouth came first, shooting wads of sizzling jizz down her
throat.  Meri gulped greedily.  Then the man pulled free of her mouth.

"Here.  Wash it down with this."  Her host - she still didn't know his name -
upended a bottle in her mouth and she chug-a-lugged half the beer before even
realizing what it was.   She continued swallowing and the empty bottle was taken
away to be replaced by another cock driving its way down her throat.

Suddenly her attention was diverted back to her cunt as the couch man began
spurting hot semen into her cervix.  Meri almost orgasmed with him, almost but
not quite.  It was a delightful feeling nonetheless having a gush of hot cum
pumped deep inside her, and though she had missed this orgasm she would catch
the next she was sure.

That one came immediately as the cock in her throat spurted.  The thrill of the
hot sperm shooting down he throat set her off and Meri climaxed, the
contractions of her cunt catching the couch man off guard as he was attempting
to extricate himself from the slim slut at the time.  He stayed inside her as
she shook and shuddered and then he, and the man in her mouth, separated from
her.

Meri rolled off the couch onto the floor.  Her legs were as wide apart as she
could get them.  She finger fucked herself. 

"Still thirsty?"  inquired a man who moved to stand over her. 

"Yes."

"Open wide.  Your mouth."

Meri did and the man poured the contents of his bottle into her mouth.  At lest
he tried.  Meri was writhing about as she fingered herself, and another man was
working his fingers into her ass.  Most of the beer splashed around her.

"Do it like this," a slender, oriental fellow suggested as he knelt behind
Meri's head.

"Like what, Chan?"

Chan took a long drink from a bottle but held the beer in his mouth.  He leaned
over Meri and when  his face was inches from hers, he opened his mouth letting
the beer pour into her open mouth.

The blonde smacked her lips.  "Mmmmm.  Almost as good as cum."

Meri then felt herself guided into a hands-and-knees position on the couch and
felt a new cock sliding into her ass.  "Ohhhhhh, mmmmmmm!"  She leaned forward,
resting her weight on her chest and one arm.  With the other she reached back
and began rubbing her clit.  "Ohhhhhhmmmmmm."

It took about an hour for Meri to carnally connect with all the men, and for
each man to climax at least once, several of them twice, and Meri many many
times.  In that time, the libidinous libertine had taken five loads in her
pussy, three in her ass,  three more down her throat, another three on her body
while she lay on the couch holding her holes open, plus two directly on her
face.  The cumfest had ended when five of the men had cum while jerking off
their dicks in her hair.  That, Meri noted, had been especially kinky fun.  And
one of the men had cum jerking off into her dress early on.

Meri's orgasms had been mind blowing; nerve endings from cunt and anus and tits
had sent supercharged signals of bliss throughout her whole being.  She was
supercharged with erotic energy, flying free on an incredible sexual high. 
Operating in slut mode she was nothing more than a bitch in heat, a wild,
untamed creature of pure lust.  Meri reveled in gangbang action.  This was
hardly her first and would most certainly not be her last.

A voice caught her attention. "You're a great host, Percy," - So that was their
host's name. - remarked the last of the men to cum in Meri's hair as he sank to
the floor unable to stand.  "A great host."

Sweaty, breath labored, heart pounding, cum leaking from every hole, Meri
surveyed the room, looking at the fucked-out men.

Marty was semi-erect so she crawled over to him, cum dripping from every hole. 
She took his cock into her mouth and began sucking. 

"Man!  She still wants more," said Percy in amazement.  "Do I know how to pick
'em, or what?"

"So let's give her more," said one of the men.  "I sure can't get it up again
right now I don' think, but I got something hard for her just the same."  He
held up an empty beer bottle.

Meri felt more than saw two or three men encircle her and Marty, though she was
fairly sure it was Marty who rolled her onto her back.  When she felt something
hard pushing at the opening of her cunt her body moved without thinking to
accommodate its entrance into her flesh.  It was not a cock she quickly realized
but a bottle.  Well, it felt good, Meri thought, so she fucked back against the
bottle and felt still another climax building within. 

Fingers reached inside to pull her open.  She felt the bottle beginning to enter
her slick pussy sheath.  Inch by inch it went into her, feeling cool and hard
and thrilling.  The man began twisting the bottle and Meri writhed and thrashed
and screamed pleasure-filled screams.

"Hey, let me try," said Antonio.   He had been the one who had jerked off in
Meri's dress.

"Sure."  The man released his hold on the neck of the bottle - he had inserted
it by the base end - and stepped back to let Antonio closer.

"No," said Antonio, "I'll put my bottle in also."  A moment later Meri felt a
second beer bottle sliding into her alongside the first, stretching her fuck
hole further, pushing the first even deeper, all the way to her cervix,
producing no end of pleasure.  Incredibly Meri's cunt had stretched to
accommodate both bottles.

"Well, women have kids, y'know, so....  But this is fuckin' unbelievable!"

"She's fuckin' unbelievable!"

"Oh fuck yesssss!" cried Meri as Antonio fucked back and forth with both
bottles.  "Oh fuck yeeesssssssssss!"

"Man this chick loves everything!" averred Antonio.

"One in the ass?" suggested Percy.  He knelt and guided Meri to a
hands-and-knees position, prepared to penetrate her anal opening with another
bottle.

Meri couldn't be alarmed - was quite beyond being alarmed - at anything that
might happen at this gangfuck.  She was existing and functioning on another
level.  Though she sharply and distinctly recognized her identity as Meri Dallas
she knew she was approaching something more.  She could feel the total existence
of what it meant to be woman, goddess and whore in one.  As her mentor Lesiah
Thrace had told her, her sexual capacity was endless.  Meri Dallas  - woman -
goddess - whore- was the totality of all who had come before and was a guiding
light into a new direction for all.

What Meri felt at that moment was a state of complete euphoria, a state of
ebullience and elation.   With the neural pathways of brain and nervous system
overloading on pure pleasure, Meri could manage only a vigorous nod of her head
and  scream "YES!" as the bottles brought pleasure from her pussy.

Fingers pulled open her ass hole and two men spit into it.  Percy lubricated the
bottle by wiping it in Meri's cum-streaked hair.  He added a finger to her ass
himself and began pulling her anal orifice open even further.  Adding more
fingers he enlarged the opening until he was ready to begin working the bottle
in.

Soon this third bottle was pumping in and out of her rectum and Meri was moaning
and thrashing and cumming.  Her climaxes were so powerful that the men had
trouble keeping grips on her or the bottles.

They did manage to roll Meri face up for a time and delighted in watching the
bottles pressing against her abdomen, distending it as they fucked them into
her.  It was amazing to watch.  Meri was on an obvious 'fuck high', her vagina
producing copious amounts of slippery lubricating fluid.  "Oh fuck yes! Oh fuck
yes!" she mantraed over and over again.

After a time all three bottles were removed.  Meri's erotic apertures remained
invitingly, obligingly open.  "More?" Meri entreated, her voice soft, and
arousing.

"Sure," said Percy.  The interlude with the bottles had invigorated him and most
of the others.  His cock was at the ready.

"Let's... try... something."  Meri spoke slowly, trying to stand. 

Two of the men helped her up. 

"Couch," she said, and they walked her over to the couch.

"Let go."

The two released their support and Meri fell forward onto the couch.  She
straightened her legs raising her ass to the view of those around her.

"Okay.  Fuck... my ass.  I'm sure my ass hole... is very big... and... open
and... I'm sure you want... it.  So fuck my ass hole.  Each cock... like one
minute each.  Fuck... and cum... fuck... and cum...."

It was a great game, a wonderful idea.  At least ten of the men were up for it. 
They began lining up to fuck Meri's ass.  "But first...," Meri turned her head
to look back at them.  "Somebody get me a glass of water."

The group burst out laughing uproariously, though none could say why they had
done so.  Percy brought water for Meri and she drank.  "Thanks.  I needed that. 
But I need to get my slut ass fucked even more, so let's do it studs."

So saying, Meri resumed her 'ass high' position but brought her head to the
floor so she could look up between her legs and watch the cocks fucking her. 
The ten men lined up and the first took his place behind her.

Two of the men who were AFOed** helped support Meri, one on either side as cock
after cock reamed her rectum.

Man after man fucked her ass, each ramming and thrusting as hard as he could to
climax quickly and shoot a load of hot cum into Meri's bowels.  As soon as one
came another replaced him, and then another and another.  Despite the incredible
ball-draining sex of earlier in the evening, the sheer sexuality of Meri Dallas
was more than enough to keep the men going and four of them shot their loads in
her ass twice, and all within the span of less than twenty minutes.

Meri loved every minute of it, reveling in the power and passion and pleasure. 
She came repeatedly and screamed until her throat was strained, her voice hoarse
and she was only able to speak in whispers, but always calling for "More...
more...."

Of course she got it.  Cock after cock reaming her enlarged anus, cramming her
cum-filled rectum, squirting in new sperm, squishing out old.  From her inverted
position, Meri, wide-eyed, mouth open, gobbled up all the juices that were
forced out of her anal aperture by the shafts of hard, hot flesh.  Droplets of
hot sperm dripped frequently onto her face, tingling her erotically expanded
senses.  She tried to catch as many as she could in her mouth but enjoyed also
those she didn't catch, those that splattered her face or neck or breasts.

In time it was over and everyone was drained and happy.

Most of the men left, a couple of them stayed to clean up the place, and Percy
lead Meri to the bath.  There he gently bathed her, shampooed her hair, dried
her off and produced a dress of her size from a collection of women's garments
in the bedroom closet.

"We tend to play rough," he explained, "so it pays to have some extras on hand. 
I'll have your dress cleaned and sent to you."

"Thank you."

"Y'know, and I'm not just saying this, you are the best we've ever had."

"I had fun too."

"That doesn't sound like too enthusiastic an appraisal."

"I'm one of the S.L.U.T.s.  I get around."  Meri put on sandals, put her pumps
in a bag and slung the bag over her shoulder.  "This is what I do.  I love
fucking.  I can't get enough."

"You certainly -"  He stopped.  "Hold it!  Did you say...?  You said 'S.L.U.T.'
not 'slut'.  The way you said it.  Upper case S.L.U.T.  Swinging...? 
Swingers...?  Something?"

"Swinging Lifestylers United Together.  You've heard of us?"

"Who hasn't?  I'm honored that you would grace our little group with your
presence."

"Interesting group.  You do this only on Thursdays?"

"Tuesday's our bowling night."  Meri laughed lightly, Percy smiled and took her
hand.

Meri followed him into a small den that seemed part office, part retreat.  She
sat and he flicked a switch to boot up the computer on the desk.  "Let me give
you a file.  Names and addresses, photos too, of just about every woman our
group has experienced since we started six years ago.  You might find some new
recruits for your group."

"We're always looking for a few good sluts."

"Most of the women we picked were pretty good fucks."  He tapped a few keys on
the keyboard, waited a few seconds then handed her a disk.

"Thanks.  How'd these little gangbangs get started?"

We picked up a woman at the bowling alley.  Or she picked us up.  She came over
to us and asked us if we wanted to fuck."

"Sounds like my kind of woman."

"She is.  You know her.  Your group's leader, Lesiah Thrace."

"Small world.  I'll ask her to pay you a return visit sometime."

Percy walked Meri to her car.  They hugged and he slid his hand between her legs
for a final feel before she entered her car.   He stood on the sidewalk watching
as she drove away down the quiet street.

As she drove away Meri used her cell phone to call Lesiah. 

"Lesi?  Hi.  So what are you doing next Thursday night?"

As she told Lesi about her experience with the group Meri headed toward
Hollywood.  She knew a few after-hours bars where a slut could always find a
stiff cock or two.  Her ever-eager pussy was already hungering for more.


- End -




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Taliesin the Bard


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





