BDSM Library - Gloria




Gloria
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She was invited to join her best girl friend's evening party. She would witness the submission of her friend's husband. Who knows where this was going to lead!
Gloria

unknown author




GLORIA

part1

I felt 'nervous as a cat' as I traversed the distance between my
house and Peggy's back door.  I'd deliberately waited to hear
Bill leave, not particularly wishing to see him before I'd had a
chance to speak with Peggy about what had occurred the night
before.

The night before.  I felt almost hung over from the intensity of
the previous evening's activities.  An evening of firsts.  The
first time that I'd seen a man (my neighbor and friend of over
twenty years, Bill) whipped to tears by a woman (his wife, Peggy,
my closest friend and confidant for over two decades); the first
time that I'd engaged in sexual activity with anyone other than
my husband, Dave, since our marriage some twenty-odd years ago -
with my best friend, Peggy, no less; the first time that I'd
allowed myself to submit to a spanking (and paddling) from anyone
since attaining adulthood - again, with Peggy.

The previous night's action seemed almost like a dream and could
nearly be dismissed as such if not for the tingle that I still
felt in my buttocks from the spanking and the remaining memories
of my mouth serving Peggy - both front and rear!

I'd lain awake for some time after getting home and showering,
finally opting to masturbate, falling asleep shortly thereafter. 
Dave was out of town on business and would return in the evening
- in the meantime, I wanted to talk to Peggy and, I guess, find
out where we would go from here.

The experiences that I'd been introduced to the night before, I
knew, had forever changed me.  I'd reveled in my sexual
submission to Peggy, my lips and tongue paying their respects to
her clean-shaven pubes and, later, to her anus.  If someone had
told me that I would kneel, nude, behind my best friend and rim
her with my tongue while her husband served her pussy, I'd have
thought that they were crazy.

But, the impossible had occurred.  Not only had I enjoyed it,
I'd wallowed in it.  The opportunity afterwards to whip (cane,
actually - with the end-three feet of a cane fishing pole) her
husband, as he stood suspended from their basement rafters,
ankles trussed to retaining rings in the floor, had made me
giddy.

The feeling of power that I'd felt, masturbating Bill, looking
him in the eyes, telling him that I was going to have him lick my
hands clean and then thrash him, was one of absolute exultation.

Peggy had suggested that we could train my husband to serve me
in the same manner that Bill had learned to serve her.  Like many
married couples, I suppose, Dave and I were very much in love
but, sadly, the 'honeymoon had been over' years before.  Peggy
had explained that her sex life had been lackluster and had
transmogrified with the introduction of her 'new program' into
one of daily sexual gratification.

Further, she'd indicated that there were many other benefits to
such a program and said that she'd get into those more today when
I visited for our morning coffee klatch.

As I neared the back door of Peggy's home, I surprised myself
when I realized that I was hoping Peggy would have me again serve
her.  I wondered if she'd want to spank me again today.  And, I
wondered at my sudden randyness.  Dave and I had settled into a
routine of sex on weekends, never seeming to have the time nor,
often, the opportunity, during the week when he was working.  His
job called for him to do a great deal of traveling and I'd long
since grown accustomed to sleeping alone during the week.

Peggy and I had been getting together for coffee (or tea) and
'girl talk' on a daily basis each morning for years. This morning
ritual at her kitchen table had seen us through the raising of
children, high school graduations, and tearful departures as our
kids, one at a time, departed for college.  Now, both of us
without children at home, we had much more time for chat and much
less distractions - from diapers to school lunches, etc.

We'd pretty much established a routine that called for my
arrival at Peggy's at 7:00 AM each morning.  It occurred to me
that, in a manner of speaking, I was 'late' for this morning's
visit and I found myself wondering if Peggy would 'punish' my
tardiness with her paddle.

I would have been hard pressed to explain the excitement that I
felt at the thought of another spanking from Peggy's hand.  I'd
never thought of spanking as a sexual activity.  Sure, I'd read
of people that included it in their sexual repertoire but had
never dreamed that I would ever find any allure in it.

Now, after the previous night's experience, it was as if someone
had lifted a curtain that had been obscuring my vision.  I'd
learned, much to my surprise and delight, that with my butt on
fire from a wooden paddle, I could achieve sexual pleasure of an
intensity that was entirely new to my experience.

	It's funny how you think that you know someone that 
you've been friends with for years and then something happens 
that causes you to realize that you haven't really known them 
as well as you had thought.

	Peggy and I had been best friends for more than twenty 
years.  Our husbands both worked for the same company and the 
four of us had celebrated our 20th Wedding Anniversaries 
together.

	We'd watched our children grow up as next door 
neighbors, attended their birthday parties over the years, 
watched them graduate from high school, and seen them away to 
college.

	Peggy and I shopped together, attended the same 
aerobics classes, jogged together, and played golf together.  
We'd laughed together, cried together, and spent countless 
hours discussing the most private of secrets.

	I thought that I knew Peggy - and her husband Bill - 
like the back of my hand.  Perhaps I did - but not until six 
months ago did I have the "total picture"!


II

	As I crossed from our side yard to visit Peggy for our 
customary morning coffee klatch, I could hear her arguing with 
Bill.

	I couldn't make out what was being said but I 
recognized their voices. As I neared their back door, I heard 
her voice clearly.  I'll always remember that moment.

	"Bill, shut your mouth and get to the bedroom - NOW!"

	Something in her voice gave me a chill and the goose 
bumps were standing out on my arms.  I almost turned on my heel 
when I heard Bill's plaintive whine.

	"Honey, please.  I have to get to work.  Can't it wait 
until tonight?"

	I was curious as to what must wait; I wondered why Bill 
was whining in that almost little-boy tone.  I almost thought 
that I was imagining things when I heard Peggy.

	"I said to get your ass into the bedroom.  Not one more 
word or you'll regret it.  I'll be in to take care of you in a 
minute.  Now, move!"

	There was suddenly silence and I decided that I had 
best come back later.  As I turned to go, the door opened and 
the smiling face of my best friend appeared.

	"Come on in, the coffee is ready."

	Flustered, I replied, "Perhaps it would be best if I 
came back later?"

	"Don't be silly.  It's time for our morning 
get-together.  Get in here, you."

	As usual, her dominant personality won out and I 
followed her gesture into the room, seeking refuge in one of 
the kitchen table chairs - one that had arms.  Somehow, the 
chair arms seemed to provide a sense of security - from what, I 
didn't know.  That was nuts.  But, it was what I felt as I sat 
down.

	Peggy bustled about the kitchen, her usual bubbly self, 
chattering away as she fixed our coffee and put some Danish 
onto a plate, bringing both to the table.  

	As she sat down, I asked, "Are you sure that my 
timing's not bad?"

	Peggy, taking a sip from her cup, looked me in the eye 
and said, "Gloria, get serious.  How many years have we been 
having this morning time together?

	"Nobody, not even Bill, is going to interfere with 
that.  I ask you as my friend, my best friend, to wait here and 
enjoy your coffee.

	"Bill is late for work and I must go deal with him.  
Please, friend, stay here while I take care of him.  No matter 
what you hear, hang in there and all will be explained when I 
return."


III

	This said, Peggy hopped up from her chair, circled the 
table, gave me a quick peck on the cheek and with a reassuring 
smile, left the kitchen.

	My head was spinning.  What was going on?  She had told 
me that she had to "deal with" and "take care of" Bill. What in 
the hell did that mean?  I didn't have to wait long to find 
out.

	Like the sound of a pistol, I heard the "crack" 
sounding from their bedroom and remembered the sound from my 
childhood.

	Suddenly, I was transported back through time.  I could 
almost hear the sound of my brother getting it from mom.  When 
I had misbehaved, I had been spanked.  Spanked with mom's bare 
hand.  Then again, I was a girl.

	When my brother, on the other hand, screwed up, it was 
the ping-pong paddle for him.  A ping-pong paddle "on the 
bare".  I well remembered that sound of a wooden paddle making 
contact with bare flesh.

	With these thoughts racing through my head, I heard the 
fearsome, "crack...crack...crack" in rapid succession, this time 
followed not by silence but the sound of  Bill's sob.  Jesus!  
My emotions roiled like an angry ocean during a storm.

	"Please, Peg, she'll hear.  Please, can't we wait until 
tonight?"

	"Bill, I'm not going to tell you again.  Assume the 
position and stay there or, so help me, I'll put your sorry ass 
into bondage and use the cane."

	After this, the sound of the paddle could be heard in a 
steady cadence.  Once, twice, thrice, and on.  I could hear the 
paddle fall and could easily imagine its painful effect on 
Bill's naked buttocks.

	I could also hear the sound of Bill sobbing.  His 
crying had grown in intensity as the paddling had progressed.  
I had known the two of them for over twenty years and had seen 
Bill cry only once - at his mother's funeral.

	Now, I heard his sobbing - only this time sounding like 
a small child - as the paddling seemed to pick up speed and 
Peggy could be heard over his cries and the "crack, splat, 
crack" of the paddle.

	"Stay.  Stay.  Stay in position.  Almost done.  That's 
a good boy.  Take your medicine like a man.  Five more, now.  
Smack.  Four more."

	After she said this number, the sound of the paddle 
increased in volume and she paused after this stroke to let the 
message sink in.  

	During this brief pause, I could hear Bill's crying.  I 
could only imagine the tears running down his face - as I knew 
that they must be - and the crimson of his buttocks as they 
cringed, awaiting the final four blows.

	"Crack - three...Crack - two...Crack...One"  And, finally, 
what seemed like the loudest of all, a mighty "Crack" and it 
was over.


IV

	I noticed that my body was absolutely frozen in place. 
 My mouth was dry and I was unable too move my hand to pick up 
my cup and relieve my thirst.

	My palms were sweaty, pulse pounding in my forehead and 
wrists. I felt a flush all over my body.  I felt like I could 
do nothing but wait for Peggy to return to the kitchen, so I 
sat and waited.

	I heard the sound of their bedroom door opening and 
turned to see Peggy striding into the kitchen.  I couldn't 
believe my eyes when I saw the rectangular wooden paddle that 
she was carrying.  I wondered if she knew that she still had it 
with her.

	Sitting down at the table, Peggy said nothing.  She set 
the paddle on the table and added some tea to her cup from the 
pot on the warmer.  Sipping from her cup, she sat in silence 
for perhaps a minute or two.

	Turning in the direction of the bedroom, Peggy shouted, 
"You'd better get it together.  You're late for work as it is."

	At this, Bill came out of the bedroom dressed in his 
customary suit and tie, his eyes red, his face covered with a 
blush that could light a dark room.

	He seemed almost like a little boy as he approached the 
table to, I assumed, give Peggy a parting kiss.  Had I not just 
witnessed (with my ears) that which had transpired in the 
previous ten minutes, I wouldn't have believed my senses when I 
observed Bill standing in front of Peggy and humbling himself 
with his words.

	"Thank you for my punishment, ma'am.  I know that I 
deserved it and ask that you punish me thoroughly and properly 
when you have more time this evening."

	"You can count on it.  Tonight, it's the cane.  And, 
you know what we will do before your thrashing.  Don't you?"

	"Yes, ma'am."

	"What?"

	"Milk me, ma'am."

	"That's right, Bill.  And what will you do after I milk 
you?"

	"Please, ma'am?"

	"Do you want to go back into the bedroom right now?"

	"No, ma'am!"

	"Then answer me.  What will we do after I've milked 
you?"

	"You'll make me eat my cum, ma'am."

	"Right again, Bill.  And, what will you say after you 
have swallowed every drop of your semen?"

	"Thank you, ma'am.  And, then, please give me the 
thrashing that I deserve."

	"And, what will I do then?"

	"Whip my ass until it bleeds, ma'am."

	"Right again, Bill.  And, I may even allow Gloria to 
watch.  It might do Dave some good if Gloria learned how to 
train him properly.

	"Now, get to work.  I'll deal with you when you get 
home."

	I found myself, to my surprise, approving of what I saw 
and heard as I watched Bill pick up his briefcase and hastily 
exit the kitchen.

	I knew that he had been mortified by my presence and 
had done his best to avoid my gaze. For my part, I had kept 
silent and hadn't spoken to him as I normally would have.

	The sounds of the car starting and then pulling out of 
the driveway somehow seemed to be the final curtain of the 
drama that I had just witnessed.

	I was wrong.


V

	Peggy reached out and picked up the paddle.  For an 
insane moment I feared that she would hit me with it.  She, of 
course, didn't hit me with the paddle but gestured with it as 
she began speaking.

	"Gloria, since I bought this paddle and learned how to 
use it, my life has changed.  I've kept this a secret from you 
for six months now and have felt guilty all the time for doing 
so.

	"We have been best friends now for two decades and I 
have always enjoyed the fact that we haven't kept secrets from 
each other.

	"For twenty years, I did what Bill wanted.  I mean in 
the bedroom.  His pleasure was important.  My pleasure was 
always secondary.

	"I gave him head.  When he came, I swallowed it.  He 
said that gave him more pleasure than my spitting it out and I 
didn't stop to think how it could give him more pleasure from 
my swallowing. I failed to understand the mental trip involved.

	"I didn't enjoy swallowing his semen but I did it.  I 
did it because he was the man and I was just a woman.

	"I did it because I grew up believing that the man is 
the boss.  That was just the way that things were.  I never did 
question it.  I just went along.

	"After maybe fifteen years, I got that macho man to 
finally go down on me.  He had always said that a real man 
never ate pussy.

	"A real man ruled the bedroom.  And, I went along with 
it.  For the next five years, Bill would give me maybe thirty 
seconds of oral sex and then hop on.

	"After we were done screwing, he would roll over and go 
to sleep.  He would leave his mess in me and on me for me to 
deal with in the bathroom afterwards.

	"When I returned to the bed, his snores would already 
be sounding.

	"And then I read a book.  I found the book in the 
locker room at the spa and recognized only that it was 
pornographic from its cover.  I quickly put it into my tote bag 
and looked at it after I got home.

	"When I finally did sit down to read it later that 
night, it opened an entirely new world for me.

	"It was written by a woman that had been married for 
twenty-six years and looked forward to her fiftieth 
anniversary.

	"This woman had started out her marriage with the same 
attitude that I had.  She had catered to the wishes of her 
husband.  She had put her own needs second and, like most men, 
he had taken advantage of her.

	"She described, in detail, how she'd begun 
experimenting with B&D - that's bondage and discipline for the 
uninitiated - and their relationship had begun to change from 
that moment.

	"She learned that most men are like a little boy 
inside.  Raised by women, they grew up accustomed to female 
authority.

	"She claimed that, unconsciously, men craved this 
submission to the lady that they loved.  She said that, 
unfortunately, this was both a well kept secret and a secret 
that most women were unprepared to exploit to their own 
advantage.

	"She went on to describe, in detail, how a wife could - 
step by step - train her husband to serve her needs and to put 
his needs a distant second in the priorities of the bedroom and 
in their life together.

	"For the past six months, I have been working with Bill 
using these same techniques.  You got a small sample of the 
results this morning.

	"I now enjoy having a totally subservient husband at my 
command at all times.  In the bedroom, it is Bill who now 
spends his time with his head between my thighs or his tongue 
between my buttocks.

	"Gloria, I'm here to tell you - you haven't lived until 
Dave spends an hour or two licking your ass-crack and 
french-kissing your asshole.

	"The first time that I had Bill lick my ass clean after 
he had just cum down the groove, I loved the satisfaction of 
knowing that he was now the one that ate the cum.

	"Now, when I allow Bill to cum in my pussy, it's before 
he goes down on me.  When we are done screwing now, I don't go 
into the bathroom to clean up his mess.  He licks it clean.

	"When I go to sleep, it is with his face between my 
thighs, licking and sucking. When I awaken in the morning, he 
knows that I'd better not find one drop of his cum remaining.  
He knows that, if I do, he will start the day as he did this 
morning."

	Peggy finally took a break from her kinky monologue and 
reached for her cup.  Again, had I not earlier heard the sounds 
of the paddle and Bill's crying, and seen the ritual before his 
departure - with the evidence of the paddling evident on his 
red face - I might have thought this to be a joke.

	Because I had heard and seen these things, I knew that 
it was no joke.  Because I knew that it was not joke, I 
realized, my thighs were literally drenched from my juices that 
had run like syrup during her story.

	Finally, I had to break the silence.  "What can I say, 
Peggy?  I guess for starters, I should thank you for your trust 
in discussing this with me and your intentions behind allowing 
me to witness what I did today.  I doubt, though, if Dave would 
ever go along with this type of a program on a regular basis."

	"Let me tell you more, Gloria, before you jump to any 
conclusions.  Let me share with you what I have learned in the 
past six months.

	"There are basically two types of whippings that I give 
Bill.  The first is what I call a training whipping.  That is 
what he got this morning.

	"The second, I call a punishment whipping.  There is 
one minor dynamic that is not the same between the two.  A 
training whipping is administered while he is horny - before 
he's ejaculated.

	"A punishment whipping is delivered after his 
ejaculation - immediately after.  You see, the boy in him, the 
masochist, enjoys the training whipping.

	"Don't get me wrong.  The training whipping hurts.  You 
heard Bill crying.  Trust me.  He was hurting a bunch this 
morning.  But, the pain of the paddling that he got today was 
at least partially mitigated by his lust.

	"Sometimes, when I'm whipping him, his dick gets hard. 
 But, if you could hear him scream - through the gag in his 
mouth - when he is caned after his ejaculation, you would 
understand the total lack of any enjoyment on his part.

	"If he fears a training whipping, he is terrified of a 
punishment whipping.

	"This evening, Bill will receive both a training 
whipping and a punishment whipping.  You will see and learn for 
yourself the very great contrast between the two."


VI

	Although Peggy's revelations of the morning had been 
rather unusual, I'd not been particularly shocked.  After all, 
after twenty years of marriage, the raising of two children, 
and the usual exposure to popular culture with its references 
to sadomasochism, etc., I'd been less than totally ignorant of 
such practices prior to her unexpected news.

	She had asked me to return to their house around five 
o'clock since Bill was due home shortly after that and she 
wanted me to be there to see how she dealt with him.

	Although part of me was somewhat embarrassed by the 
events of the morning and what I was to witness later on, I had 
to admit that the prospect of having my husband Dave under my 
control for a change was not at all unappealing.

	Dave was due to return home from a business trip the 
following afternoon, so I had the evening to myself.  With him 
out of town for the night, I had no worry on that score.

	Peggy had said that this would be the first time that 
she had disciplined Bill in front of another person and that 
she was looking forward to the humiliation that he would feel 
from this new experience.

	After talking at length about specific techniques of 
bondage and discipline, Peggy had explained that the aspect of 
humiliation was important to the relationship in that it 
reinforced the feelings of submissiveness or subservience on 
the part of the "bottom" and was conducive to maintaining the 
proper status-quo in the long run.

	She had emphasized that the psychological aspects of 
the relationship were as important as the spanking, whipping, 
etc.  As far as the intimacy of what was to transpire in the 
evening's activities, I was only a bit concerned.

	Dave and I had shared nude hot-tubbing and sun-bathing 
with Peggy and Bill on more than one occasion but there had 
never been anything overtly sexual about these encounters. 

	I had never, for example, seen Bill sporting an 
erection.  On the other hand, I was not a total babe in the 
woods and felt that I would be able to deal with the situation.

	After I had left Peggy's, I had returned home to a day 
of house cleaning (a chore that Peggy said was now totally 
taken care of by Bill - and, one that I could pass to Dave, she 
assured, if I had him on the same program) and did some grocery 
shopping.

	After stowing the food, I took a nap and soaked in the 
tub for a while.

	As I had returned to Peggy's house a little before 
five, my head had been full of mixed emotions.  What would Dave 
say if he knew what I was doing with my evening?  I knew the 
answer to that one.  He'd shit!

	On the other hand, I rationalized, perhaps (if Peggy 
was right) he would eventually come to embrace the lifestyle 
that Peggy and Bill enjoyed.  If that was the case, I told 
myself, the evening's events were merely necessary "research" 
that was to the ultimate betterment of my marriage.


VII

	These thoughts were running through my head as I let 
myself in the back door of Peggy's house and called out, "Peg, 
I'm here".

	I could tell by the sound of her voice that she was in 
the bathroom when she answered.  "Hi.  Come on back.  I'm just 
cleaning up a bit."

	I walked down the hallway to the master bathroom and 
through the open door.  I entered the bathroom to find Peggy 
still in the bathtub and seeing her firm breasts above the 
water was again jealous of her athletic body.

	She was one of those people who could eat anything that 
she wished with no worry of gaining weight.

	At 5 2 and 120 pounds, Peggy made me feel overweight at 
5 7 and 145.  She constantly told me that I looked good - as 
did Dave and others - but after a chubby childhood, I guess 
that I will always feel like I'm too big.  Oh, well.
Finishing up with her bath, Peggy asked me to hand her a towel. 
 When I turned back to face her with a towel in my hand, she 
was standing.
I immediately noticed that she had shaved her pubes completely 
bare since I had last seen her in the nude.  This was new!  The 
lips of her vulva looked almost child-like in their 
hairlessness and Peggy smiled as she spoke to me.

	"Are you going to stare at my pussy forever or can you 
hand me a towel?"

	She laughed to ease my embarrassment and I handed her a 
towel.

	"So, how do you like the new look?  I followed the 
advice of the woman who wrote the book that I was telling you 
about this morning.  With no hair in the way, it is so much 
better for Bill to lick and suck without having to stop and 
pick hair out of his teeth.

	"Further, because, as I told you this morning, he is 
now responsible for cleaning me up with his mouth after we have 
sex, it is possible to leave no trace of his semen after he is 
done."

	"I like it.  I hope that I don't sound like a lesbian 
when I say that it makes your pussy pretty.  It looks like the 
petals of a flower without the hair to cover it.  Does it 
itch?"

	"It did at first but after a while it started to feel 
like normal and you wouldn't believe how it feels to have 
Bill's tongue attend to every square inch without the hair 
reducing the sensation of his tongue and lips to the skin."

	Following Peggy into the bedroom, I found myself 
admiring her firm bottom and wondered at myself.  I'd never 
felt any sexual attraction to another woman and was surprised 
at my feelings.  Sitting on the bed and watching her as she 
stepped into a skirt - without panties - I listened intently as 
Peggy continued to "teach".

	"Many people into this lifestyle prefer to wear 
leathers and high heels...that sort of thing.  I think that all 
of that is a bunch of nonsense.  It's certainly not what Bill 
and I are about."

	So saying, she pulled a midi-blouse over her head and 
walked to the mirror to brush her hair.  "You notice that I lam 
without panties and bra.  I dress this way for convenience.

	"Before the night is over, Bill will be spending a 
great deal of time with his mouth paying homage to me - front 
and back.  Underwear would simply get in the way.

	As Peggy finished saying this, I could hear Bill's car 
pull into the driveway and I looked expectantly to Peggy to see 
if she had also heard it.




GLORIA

part2


	Peggy suddenly got a serious look on her face and 
stared directly into my eyes as she spoke.  "Gloria, all that I 
ask of you tonight is that you keep your eyes open and your 
mouth shut - unless I ask you a question.

	"You have a pretty good idea what I have planned for 
Bill but you must realize that Bill and I have been practicing 
this lifestyle for some time now.

	"For this reason, I'm able to get rather severe with 
Bill when it comes to his discipline.  Keep in mind that, as 
you know, I love him very much and would never injure him.  
Hurt him?  Yes.  Very much.  Injure him?  No."

	Hearing Bill enter the house through the front door, 
Peggy called out to him.  "I'll be out in a minute.  Go on down 
and get things ready."

	With an immediate, "Yes, ma'am.", from Bill, only 
seconds later I heard his steps as he descended into the 
basement recreation room that I knew was there from previous 
visits.

	"While Bill is getting things ready, would you like a 
glass of wine or something?"

	"That sounds great.  I think I'll need it before we are 
done.  Thanks."

	We left the bedroom and headed down the hallway towards 
the kitchen.
VIII

	We entered the kitchen and Peggy took a bottle of 
chilled white wine from the refrigerator.  I assumed that she 
would decant it and pour.

	With a smile and a wink to me, she turned in the 
direction of the basement door and called out to her husband. 
"Bill, come here."

	"Yes, ma'am.", I heard from the basement steps as Bill 
obviously hastened to obey.

	I don't know who was more surprised, Bill or I.  As he 
walked into the kitchen, his eyes bugged out when he saw that 
Peggy was not alone.

	The blush on his face was due, I'm sure, to both his 
attire (he was nude) and to his "accessories" - leather straps 
around each wrist and ankle, with a silver ringlet dangling 
from them.  I wondered if, also, he was embarrassed by the 
realization that I was here to witness his punishment.

	Peggy, an impish smile on her face, said, "Hurry up.  
You've seen Gloria before.  I told you this morning that I 
might have her over to watch your punishment tonight.  Well, 
obviously, I decided that she could watch.

	"She likes the idea of having Dave at her beck and call 
as I command and rule over you."

	Bill was more than a little bit flustered as he 
scampered over and picked up the bottle and corkscrew.

	Removing the cork and pouring two glasses, he handed 
Peggy her glass with a, "Ma'am.", and turned to me, setting my 
glass on the table before me and stuttering, "Ma-Ma'am."

	I noticed that his cock was semi-hard and that pre-cum 
was already oozing out of its tip.  Peggy also noticed.

	"You must be looking forward to this.  I see that your 
cock has already started to provide your refreshment.  Come 
over here."

	Bill immediately walked over to Peggy and stood with 
his arms at his sides, his head tilted downward with his gaze 
staring at the floor next to her.

	With the fingertip of her right-hand index finger, 
Peggy reached down and removed one pearly drop of jism from the 
groove of his circumcised cock-head.

	Looking up at him with that same devilish smile, she 
extended the fingertip, and its humiliating residue, to Bill.

	With a quick glance in my direction, Bill opened his 
mouth, accepted the intruding finger, and closed his lips 
around it.  I could see from the movements of his mouth that he 
was suckling Peggy's finger as a child would suck their 
mother's breast.

	Removing her finger from Bill's mouth with a "pop", 
Peggy then reached out with both hands, one grasping his cock 
and the other cradling his balls.  Beginning a massaging motion 
with her hands, Peggy turned to me and explained.

	"It's terribly important to associate sexual pleasure 
with the pain of the necessary discipline.  While Bill is not a 
true masochist - he doesn't get off on the pain a bit - he is 
still excited by the knowledge that he is to be whipped this 
evening.

	"His mind doesn't think about this.  He knows only that 
if he is to be whipped, he is also going to enjoy some rather 
intense sexual pleasure.  

	"True, he will pay dearly for this pleasure but his 
cock is too stupid to fret much about the price.  It knows only 
that it likes to be stroked and is unconcerned about the 
consequences.

	"Unconcerned, that is, until after he has ejaculated.  
Of course, by then, it will be too late.  He will already be in 
bondage and committed to submitting to a thorough thrashing.  
You'll see what I mean when we get downstairs."

	While Peggy had been speaking, Bill's cock in her palm 
had grown to a full erection; its head slick and covered with 
the pre-cum that Peggy had spread over it to allow for her 
teasing massage.  Without warning, Peggy stopped the motions of 
her hands.

	"It's time for your punishment, Bill.  Go downstairs 
now and wait.  Gloria and I will be down in a moment.  While 
you're waiting, think about this.  Tonight, I'm going to test 
your limits as never before.

	"I'm going to show Gloria your tolerances that we've 
worked so hard to increase over the past months. Put more 
simply, I'm going to beat you harder and longer than I have 
ever done before.  Now, go."

	After Bill had left the room and returned to the 
basement, Peggy turned to me.  "Gloria, I want to be clear 
about why I asked you over this evening.  It is my wish to give 
you a gift.  A gift of knowledge.

	"Depending on how things go, I may invite you to 
observe and/or participate in the future.  As I told you this 
morning, I have wished more than once in the past six months 
that I could share this part of my life with you as I have 
shared all other aspect of my life with you over the past 
twenty-plus years.

	"I hope that you'll find this way of life as appealing 
as I have and come to embrace the lifestyle in the same way 
that Bill and I have chosen.

	"On the other hand, if anything happens tonight that 
you are uncomfortable with or if you feel for any reason that 
you wish to leave, please do so.  I would never wish to do 
anything that might have a negative impact upon our friendship. 
 If I know you as well as I think that I do, some of the events 
before us tonight might come as a surprise to you.  Hopefully, 
though, I'll be able to introduce you to parts of yourself, 
parts of your sexuality, that you possess but currently deny.

	"My suggestion is for you to go with the flow.  
Whatever happens, I want you to know that I love you as only a 
best friend of so many years can love another."

	So saying, Peggy rose from her chair, signaled at the 
bottle of wine for me to bring, and led the way to the basement 
steps.

	As we descended into the basement, I had a feeling that 
I would never look at Bill in quite the same way after the 
evening was over.  

	Peggy took command as soon as her foot hit the last 
step.  "Gloria, sit over on the sofa where you can have a good 
view.  I hope to teach you how to tame your man and teach him 
his place...his place, of course, being on his knees, with his 
tongue at least an inch or two up your ass.

	"Bill, assume the position."

	At this, Bill, who had been kneeling in the center of 
the room with his forehead on the floor, got up and stood with 
his feet perhaps three feet apart and raised his hands over his 
head.

	I saw that there was a short length of chain suspended 
from an I-bolt in the rafter above Bill's head, to which Peggy 
promptly attached his wrists.

	Kneeling down, she fastened each of his ankles to bolts 
which had been put into the floor and stood back up.

	Walking over to a card-table at the side of the room, 
she picked up a regular ping-pong paddle from among the items 
there and returned to Bill's side.  Turning to me, she 
continued with her instruction.

	"Remember, Gloria, you must mix the pleasure and the 
pain.  The pain and the pleasure.  Until the two become one in 
the mind of Dave, and he learns to crave both of them together. 
 Watch carefully, Gloria."

	And then, Peggy was paddling Bill's ass with a vigor 
that was quickly verified by his reactions.  Unlike earlier 
today, when the strokes of the paddle were more measured, this 
time the paddle fell with a chilling rapidity.

	No more than three to four seconds could have passed 
between the strokes and Peggy must have delivered thirty or 
forty swats in the space of no more than three minutes.

	Although I knew better, I had the sense that I'd held 
my breath since the paddling's beginning.  The sight of my best 
friend's husband, suspended from their basement rafters, his 
buttocks ablaze from the effects of a ping-pong paddle, was 
incredible.

	In the space of a minute, Bill was reduced to tears.  
Within another minute, he was blubbering like a little boy.  
Ten strokes later, and he began begging.

	"Please, Peggy, not so hard.  Oh, God, not so fast.  
Please, honey, can you stop for a moment and give me a rest?  
Oh, Peggy, I'm sorry."

	Peggy, for her part, was impervious to his entreaties. 
 Ignoring his pleas, she continued to swing the paddle as if 
she were chopping wood.

	As Bill's piteous crying and begging provided a vocal 
backdrop to the "smack, splat, crack" of the paddle's contact 
with his inflamed bottom, I was able to observe the systematic 
reddening of his punished skin.

	The condition of his buttocks had worsened as the 
paddle took its toll.  The skin of both cheeks was bright red 
as if sunburned and looked as if it would be hot to the touch.
The paddling stopped as abruptly as it had begun.  Peggy strode 
to the table, set down the paddle and picked up a wide, leather 
strap.

Returning to Bill's side, she allowed the strap to dangle from 
her right hand and reached to his soft penis with her left.  As 
she began to speak, her left hand started her teasing massage 
of his cockhead again.  I could see that his cock was beginning 
to harden as Peggy started her crooning.

	"Calm down now, Bill.  You know that we've only begun. 
 Before the night's over, that little child's paddling will 
seem tame.  You know that, don't you?"

	"Yes, ma'am."

	"Are you ready for the strap now, honey?"

	"Yes, ma'am."

	These words were hardly out of his mouth before Peggy 
stepped back and let fly with the strap.  If the paddling had 
seemed severe, the strap tended to redefine the word.

	The leather made contact with Bill's naked rear with a 
sickening "splat" that sounded horridly painful.  The evidence 
of the strapping was left in the form of double-welts from both 
edges of the leather punishment instrument.

	Whereas the paddling had been limited to the buttocks, 
Peggy began to work on Bill's hips and thighs with the whipping 
strap.

	First, the outside of the right thigh.  Then, the 
inside of the left.  Next, to the right hip.  Now, high up on 
the rear of the left thigh.  Then, back to the buttocks.  On 
and on, the strap fell with a vengeance on the bruised and 
punished flesh beneath its painful tip.

	As with the paddle, Peggy swung the strap with not more 
than a few seconds between strokes so that before Bill had 
recovered from the previous stroke, the strap was falling 
again.

	With the paddle, Bill had cried.  He had blubbered; he 
had shed tears.  With the strap, he screamed.  "Please, Peggy, 
it's too much.  Please, not so hard.  Please, wait just a 
minute."

	Peggy worked with a purpose.  Bill's words fell on deaf 
ears as she labored with the leather strap, covering his 
butt-cheeks, hips, and legs with a crisscrossing network of 
welts.

	Again, as with the paddle, she stopped after a few 
minutes.  As Peggy replaced the strap to the table, I saw that 
she returned to Bill's side with nothing in her hands.

	Bill continued to cry and writhe about from the effects 
of his punishment.  His buttocks and legs were in a constant 
motion as if he hoped to ease the pain of his punished flesh.

	Peggy's left hand again went to his cock as her right 
hand began stroking the surface of his inflamed ass.  "Poor 
baby.  I know that it hurts you terribly.  But, you know that 
it will hurt much more before we are through tonight."

	She turned to me as she continued to stroke Bill, 
speaking to me for the first time since beginning Bill's 
punishment session.

	"Gloria, as I explained before, it is important to 
condition Dave to associate pain with pleasure.  As I stroke 
Bill's cock, his body is registering pleasure from my hands.

	"At the same time, his ass is on fire from the first 
part of his whipping.  Part of him wants to cum.  Another part 
knows that the whipping that he's about to receive after he 
gets off will make what he just went through a walk in the 
park.

	"The bottom line, though, excuse the pun, is that Bill 
has been trained to be obedient.  For that reason, when I 
instruct him to cum, he will.  Watch this."

	Turning her attention back to her husband, Peggy looked 
in straight in the eye and spoke to him softly and seductively. 
 "I want you to cum for me now, Bill.  I want you to fill my 
hands with your cum so that I can feed it to you.  Do you want 
to cum now?"

	"Yes, ma'am."

	"What am I going to do after you cum?"

	"Make me lick you hands clean, ma'am."

	"And, after you have licked your cum from my hands, 
what will you say?"

	"Please whip my ass until it bleeds, ma'am."

	Peggy's hands never stopped their continuous stroking 
of Bill's cock and squeezing of his inflamed ass-cheeks as she 
carried on this bizarre conversation with him.

	"I want to whip you very, very hard after your orgasm, 
Bill.  I told you before that I want to show Gloria how far we 
have progressed with your training in the last six months.

	"Do I have your permission to whip you as hard as I 
want to and to ignore your pleas for mercy as I do so?"

	"Yes, ma'am."

	"I want to hear you say it, Bill.  Tell me what you 
want me to do after you lick your cum from my hands."

	"Please make me cum and then whip me as hard and as 
long as you wish to, ma'am.  If I should beg you for mercy, 
please promise me that you will ignore my begging and show no 
mercy."

	"I promise, Bill.  Now, I want you to cum for me."

	As Peggy continued to massage the head of his cock, it 
was obvious from the churning of his hips that his orgasm was 
close.

	Suddenly, his body tensed and a submissive whimper 
escaped his lips as his cock began shooting jets of jism into 
Peggy's waiting palm.

	Her hand quickly filling with his ejaculate, she 
removed her right hand from his butt and brought it into play 
at the end of his cock.

	I saw that both of her hands were filled to cupped-palm 
capacity as she raised first one and then the other to Bill's 
mouth and held them steady as his tongue laved their contents.

	I was amazed to see that as she placed her hands at his 
lips, he didn't stall or take his time.  He behaved like he was 
starving and that the cum was life-sustaining as he hastened to 
lick and suck the contents of each hand until they were clean.

	Turning to me as she walked over to the table, Peggy 
spoke.

	"You should commence with the punishment whipping as 
soon as possible after Dave's ejaculation to maximize the pain.

	"Because of the severity of the whipping, I'll be using 
a ball gag.  The sound of his screams would be distracting and 
I want him to know that not only will I ignore his please, I 
won't even hear them through his gag."

	Standing next to Bill, Peggy looked into his eyes and 
said, simply, "Bill?".

	Immediately, his response could be heard.  "Please, 
ma'am, whip my ass until it bleeds.  Please show no mercy..."

	At this, his voice broke and he began crying before she 
had even started his caning.  Jesus.  I guessed that he had a 
pretty good idea of the pain that was soon to come!

	"...and whip me as hard and as long as you wish to."

	Peggy didn't even reply to Bill as she fastened the gag 
into place around the back of his head.  As I watched Peggy 
buckle the gag in place, I looked at Bill's ass and legs and 
was almost sympathetic to his plight.

	The skin from his waist to his knees was varying shades 
of red.  Across this background of red was a mosaic of welts 
that had begun to swell in the aftermath of his paddling and 
strapping.

	I imagined that a light spanking on that already 
punished flesh would be terribly painful.  As I waited for 
Peggy to continue with his correction, I guessed that a light 
spanking was not what she had in mind for him.

	Gag fastened in place, Peggy returned to the table and 
picked up what appeared to be the end of a can fishing pole.  
"It's what it looks like - the end of a can fishing pole.  I've 
found for shear sting and cutting action there is nothing 
better.

	"When Bill's at work tomorrow during the day, he will 
remember tonight each time that he shifts in his chair. Watch, 
you'll see what I mean."

	Taking a position perhaps three feet to the side of 
Bill's nude body, Peggy extended her arm and merely touched the 
business end of the can to his quivering cheeks.

	I say that his cheeks were quivering.  It would be more 
accurate to say that his entire body was quivering.  From waist 
to ankles Bill was shivering as if he would caught with a 
terrible chill.

	It was obvious that Bill had been in this position 
before and knew full well what to expect.  Also obvious was the 
fact that what he expected was causing him great distress.  
Before Peggy had even started the caning!

	The cane was maybe three feet long.  After Peggy had 
touched it to Bill's butt, she made several whipping motions 
with it in the air behind him.

	The sound of the cane whistling through the air behind 
him caused a visible response from Bill as his shaking 
increased.  As Peggy made these practice swings, I could see 
that the can was very flexible and I imagined that it would 
sting terribly.

	Finally, she began.  Where the paddle and the strap had 
been delivered in a rush, the cane fell with perhaps thirty 
seconds between strokes.  Each stroke left a hellish welt and 
most broke the skin with little beads of blood along the length 
of the welt.

	Bill's groans and cries under the gag were almost 
animal-like.  After half-a-dozen strokes of the cane, Peggy 
stopped the whipping and walked to his side.

	Even though the swing of the cane had ceased, Bill 
continued to squirm about within the confines of his bindings 
and whimper beneath his gag.

	As Peggy stood next to him, she reached down to his 
flaccid penis and fondled it.  As she massaged his genitals, 
she crooned to him.  "Does it hurt awfully, Bill?  I hope so.  
I want you to fear me.  Without the pain you would probably get 
yourself into so much more trouble.

	"With the pain, you know that you must be obedient and 
all will be well.  Are you embarrassed by Gloria watching?  
Maybe some day, she will have Dave in your place and I will be 
able to hear him cry and see the welts spring up on the skin of 
his buttocks.

	"Gloria doubts that Dave will be willing to go along 
with this program.  But you know better.  You know how horny a 
man is and to what lengths he will go in order to have the 
sexual relief that he craves.

	"Now, for instance, your cock is hardening as I speak. 
 You know that your caning has just begun and that, 
momentarily, I will resume.

	"You know how very much it will hurt your ass and 
thighs but you still get excited.  I guess that is why people 
say that men think with their dicks?  Do you think?"

	While Peggy spoke, I was able to gather my thoughts 
somewhat.  Without the sounds of the paddle, strap, and cane 
connecting with bare flesh, and the resultant crying and 
carrying on that these evinced in Bill, I was able to think.

	In a word, I was hornier than a snake.  While Peggy had 
been whipping Bill, I had felt like a voyeur.  I had never been 
keen on X-rated movies and such, but the witnessing of his 
correction had been like an aphrodisiac.

	The thought of having Dave in the same position that 
Bill now occupied, was more than a little appealing.  The 
thought of having Dave as my personal sexual servant was a 
turn-on beyond my experience.

	Bill, for his part, was becoming more aroused.  Peggy 
had managed to bring his cock to a full erection and I wondered 
if she was going to take him to completion again before 
continuing with the cane.

	I found myself hoping that she would make him cum again 
before she continued.  When I questioned my feelings, I was a 
bit shocked to realize that I wanted the cane to hurt more.

	I didn't begin to understand this.  I had no ill 
feelings towards Bill and had never felt any animus towards him 
before.  Why, then, did I want the can to hurt more?

	Never having faced such issues before tonight, I was 
unprepared for the feelings that his subjugation and 
humiliation had wrought in me.  My musings were cut short when 
I heard my friend speak.

	"Should I make you cum again before I continue, Bill?  
I just might do so before I finish with your caning.  It 
depends, partly, on how well you comport yourself during the 
remainder of your punishment.

	"I want you to make me proud of you.  Try to steel 
yourself against the pain of the cane's kiss.  Try not to be 
such a wimp.  Time to start again, now."

	As Peggy released his penis from her grasp and stepped 
back into her whipping position, it bobbed straight up with a 
pearl of semen at its "eye".

	I was positively shocked to think that I would like to 
take Bill's cock into my mouth and make him cum.  I had never 
entertained the slightest licentious thought with regard to 
Bill and certainly would never have thought that I would 
fantasize giving him head!

	My thoughts came to a screeching halt when I heard the 
sound of the cane slicing through the air and connecting with 
ass-flesh.

	The skin of Bill's buttocks contracted in response to 
the muscles beneath that sought to ease the pain of the caning 
by spasming.

	Peggy had only given Bill maybe eight or ten cuts with 
the cane at this point and I wondered how long the punishment 
would continue.  I wished, although I could not understand the 
thought at the time, that the gag were not in place. Instead, I 
wished that I could hear Bill cry and beg for mercy.  Beg for 
mercy, so that Peggy could deny it.

	As Peggy had resumed his whipping, Bill had reacted by 
losing his erection within two strokes.  By five strokes, his 
dick was as limp as a dishrag and it was obvious that pleasure 
was not his guiding emotion at this point.

	Suddenly, Peggy started swinging the cane with the same 
rapidity that she had used with the paddle and the strap.  With 
not more than a few seconds between strokes, she delivered 
perhaps a dozen cuts in quick succession.

	During this volley, Bill seemingly tried to break from 
his bonds.  His wrists pulled against the straps confining them 
and the chains above his head rattled with his futile attempts.

	When Peggy aimed the cane at his vulnerable inner 
thighs, he seemed to try to bring his legs together in a futile 
attempt to avoid the punishment of this obviously sensitive 
area of flesh.  The straps around each ankle, of course, 
prevented any such defense on his part.

	Although Bill's ass was the reddest part of his body - 
a result of the paddle and strap having been applied prior to 
the cane - the blows to his inner thighs seemed to be causing 
him the most distress.

	The cane's cutting action that Peggy had spoken of was 
now evident in the state of his legs.  Where the cane had made 
contact, welts had instantly sprung up with big lumps at the 
end of each welt where the end of the cane had made its contact 
with the skin.

	Most of these lumps were spotted with blood and the 
lines of the welts showed beads of blood here and there along 
their lengths.

	After this volley of cuts, Peggy again approached the 
hanging, nude body that she had been working on for what seemed 
like hours but was probably less than a half-hour.

	As before, when she reached his body, she grasped his 
cock in her left hand and resumed her teasing massage.  This 
time, though, she dropped the cane on the floor at her feet 
while she caressed her hurting husband.

	Continuing her genital massage with her left hand, 
Peggy reached down and began fondling the backs of his legs and 
buttocks with her right hand.

	"Oh, my, Bill.  I think that your ass must be hotter 
than I've ever felt it.  It must feel like it's on fire, I bet. 
 We're almost done with your caning now and in a moment I'll 
finish you up.  I'm going to give you another dozen, all of 
them across both cheeks of your ass."

	When Peggy said this, I could hear Bill moan beneath 
his gag and there was no mistaking the supplication implicit in 
the tone.  I had never considered how much could be 
communicated with a gag in one's mouth.  That moan had spoken 
volumes!

	"I told you not to be a wimp, Bill.  That little moan 
will cost you an extra six strokes with the cane.  Would you 
like to try for six more after those?  What's wrong, Bill?  Why 
don't I hear another moan?  Perhaps because you know that you 
babyish begging will only buy you more punishment?

	"Of course it is.  So, knowing how I would react to 
your pathetic moaning, why did you make the first sound?  Do 
you maybe like this?"

	During this fusillade of questions, Bill was totally 
silent.  He evidently know that Peggy was asked her questions 
rhetorically and was not expecting a response from him.

	Not that, with a gag in his mouth, he was in any 
position to articulate his feelings on the matter.  Quite the 
contrary.  It seemed that she was merely demonstrating the 
power of her whip-hand over his will.

	She knew, no doubt, that he would love to answer her.  
But, she also knew the fear that he had of her.  The fear of 
her caused by the reality that he was helpless in his bondage 
and powerless to resist her further torment of his hanging, 
nude body.

	Amazingly, in spite of the impending caning that he 
knew was to come to his already punished flesh, Bill again 
started thrusting his hips forward in response to the 
ceaselessly teasing hands of his wife.

	His cock again hard, I imagined how close he must be to 
a second orgasm and how much he would regret it if he lost 
control and was made to endure these last eighteen - God! - 
cuts after further draining of his lust.

	Mercifully, Peggy let go of his cock before he lost his 
seed in her hand.  Bringing her left hand around to his ass to 
join her other hand, she began a vigorous kneading of his 
buttocks with both hands.

	The squeezing and hard massaging of his buttocks was 
obviously quite painful after all that his ass had been put 
through in the last hour, but Bill remained stoic - and silent 
- throughout this part of his ordeal.  He presumably realized 
that Peggy would only add to his tally if he reacted 
unsatisfactorily.

	As she suddenly released his ass-cheeks, Peggy stooped 
down and retrieved the cane from the floor at her feet, 
stepping back again into her whipping position.  "Say your 
prayers, Bill.  This is going to hurt you a whole lot more than 
it hurts me!"

	The next dozen cuts were delivered, again, to both 
buttocks and Bill, again, lost his erection immediately.  In 
addition to the loss of tumidity, Bill began to bawl again in 
that little-boy way that I had heard earlier.

	Although the gag was firmly in place and it would have 
been impossible for Bill to articulate himself in a coherent 
fashion, there was no mistaking the sounds issuing from beneath 
the gag as the cane fell.

	The dozen promised cuts delivered, I remembered the 
decreed extra six cuts and knew that the whipping wasn't yet 
over.  "Well, Bill.  The whipping would be over now if you had 
conducted yourself a bit more manfully during its execution.  
"Remember the extra six?  Of course you do.  Remember how we 
deliver extra punishment cuts?  I'm sure that you do."
Peggy swung the cane harder than any previous cut, this time 
across the back of Bill's right thigh.  Before he could recover 
from this undoubtedly excruciating stroke, she returned the 
cane to the inside of the same thigh.
Quickly stepping to his opposite side, she swung the cane in a 
vicious arc to the back of his left thigh and then to the 
inside of the same thigh.  Walking around to the front of his 
body, Peggy looked Bill in his tear-filled eyes.
"Look at me, Bill.  Don't you dare stop looking me in the eyes, 
Bill."  
Without even needing to look in the direction of her aim, Peggy 
suddenly swung the cane at the front of his thighs.  I thought, 
at first, that she was going to whip his penis and wondered if 
that wouldn't injure such a sensitive and vulnerable spot.
I was somewhat relieved to see that she was merely applying the 
last two cuts to the fronts of his thighs.  Swinging the cane 
one last time at his other thigh, Peggy let it drop to the 
floor at her feet and stepped forward immediately in front of 
Bill, not more than a foot away from his hanging nude body.
Looking over at me with a smile, Peggy "commanded", "Gloria, 
come over here.".
Later, after I had gone home, I would wonder why I had so 
instantly obeyed her instructions.  Then, and later on in the 
evening.  For now, I merely sprang from my seated position and 
joined her next to the nude and punished body of her husband.
Looking at Peggy with a questioning look on my face, I waited 
for her to speak.
"Gloria, if you want to go home now, that is all right with me 
and I'll understand.  Please don't feel that you must stay and 
longer.  On the other hand, if you would be willing to help me 
out a bit, I'd appreciate it."
"What do you want?  I want to help you."
"Walk around here, in front of Bill, where he can see you 
without turning his head.
"Now, remove all of your clothing, slowly.  I want to see what 
kind of reaction that it gets from my dear husband.  Bill, I 
order you not to get hard.  If you are able to follow my order, 
I'll not be whipping you any more tonight.
"If you fail in this test, I'll be whipping you later tonight 
so hard that you'll take your meals standing up for the next 
two weeks.  Do you understand?"




GLORIA

part3

Bill nodded his head in understanding as Peggy stepped aside 
and all eyes were on me as I began to disrobe.  I had no idea 
where this was going to lead.  I knew that I would sure go for 
some of that face that Peggy had boasted about earlier.  I 
wondered if she would allow Bill to serve me before the night 
was over.  I hoped so.
As I unbuttoned my blouse and removed it, I thought that it 
would be silly to worry about hanging my clothes up and just 
dropped it to the floor next to me.  I made no attempt to turn 
this into a strip tease but continued slowly since that he been 
the instruction that Peggy had given me.  As I unsnapped my 
bra, my friend continued to taunt her husband.
"Bill, look at Gloria's breasts.  Imagine the nipples in your 
mouth.  And, in your imagining, if you dare to get a hard-on, 
you can look forward to a whipping that you will long remember.
My nipples were hard little nubbins as they reacted to the cool 
basement air coming into contact with them.  Dropping my bra 
atop my discarded blouse, I immediately began removing my 
skirt.
I could feel Bill starring at my increasingly nude body and I 
like the feeling of his desire.  I found myself hoping that I 
could make him hard at the sign of my naked body.
Somehow that seemed like it would be the ultimate compliment to 
my sexiness - to react to my nudity in spite of the punishment 
that he knew would follow such disobedience to his orders.
My skirt joined the growing pile of clothing at my feet and I 
inserted my thumbs into the waist-band of the bikini-panties 
that I was wearing, slipping them to my knees and stepping out 
of them.
Remembering the clean-shaven pubes of my friend, I felt 
unsightly in my unshaven state - in spite of the fact that I 
always kept myself well trimmed for the smallest of bikinis 
year round.  I felt a bit awkward standing naked, not six feet 
in front of Bill, waiting for I knew not what.  I didn't have 
to wait long.
"Thank you, Gloria.  Step forward now and stand directly in 
front of Bill, with your nipples just slightly grazing his 
chest."
I moved quickly to comply with Peggy's order and felt an 
immediate jolt of electricity as my body touched the warm, 
nude, male body in front of me.
"Remember, Bill.  I told you not to get hard.  I'm going to 
note the time on the wall clock.  When five minutes have 
passed, so have you - if you avoid getting an erection.  If you 
get hard, God help you."
My loins were on fire and I could feel a throbbing in my 
abdomen.  I had been quickly thrust from the role of a passive 
observer into an active role of a player on their stage.  I 
resolved then and there to go along with whatever Peggy said 
and to follow her orders to wherever this drama led me.
Throughout her recitation this morning, and during the 
activities of the evening thusfar, I had felt more alive and 
excited than I had felt in a long time.  I knew that a lot of 
the excitement was due to the forbidden nature of these 
activities but I also knew that I had been growing bored lately 
with the state of my sex life.
Dave and I were, I supposed, like most couples who have been 
married for twenty-plus years.  He was busy with his job and 
often lacked the desire to pursue me during the week.  With 
rare exceptions, we made love no more than once a week, three 
weeks per months.  One week without sex during my monthly.
Dave and I had talked about this many times and were both less 
than happy with this state of affairs.  We both remembered the 
early days of our marriage when we would have sex on a nightly 
basis - or, more often.
We both missed those days but lacked the knowledge as to how we 
could do anything about it.  We had simply drifted into habits 
that neither one of us liked - but, neither one of us knew how 
to change.  The thought that this radical lifestyle could lead, 
once again, to an active sex life with the man that I loved, 
was truly exciting.
Before tonight, and the hope that it seemed to provide, I had 
pretty much given up on ever regaining our sexual fervor of the 
past.  For this reason, I resolved to go along with whatever 
Peggy cooked up.
I hoped that whatever she had in mind, it would include me 
finding some relief for the sexual desire that I had built up 
during this most bizarre day.
"Would you like to serve her, Bill?"
With this question, Peggy reached to the gag and unbuckled the 
straps holding it in place.  Removing the gag from his mouth, 
Peggy strode to her implements table and returned it to the 
other paraphernalia laying there.
As I watched her turn and walk to the snack bar at the end of 
the room, I felt something brush against my belly and looked 
down to see what the source of the sensation was.  I was more 
than a little surprised (and pleased) to see the fully erect 
penis there and almost stepped back before I realized that it 
was precisely what I had hoped for.
I looked Bill in the eye and could see a pleading there.  He 
knew, as I did, that he was in for it as soon as his wife saw 
the evidence of his arousal.  The allotted five minutes wasn't 
nearly past and the tip of his cock was now a steady pressure 
against my belly as I saw Peggy returning to his side with a 
glass of water.
"I thought that you might like something to drink, honey."
As she held the glass for Bill to drink,, Peggy looked down and 
saw his hard dick.  She smiled at me, then at Bill.  The smile 
had the self satisfied smirk of the imp that she had displayed 
earlier and I knew that she was having fun with this.
"My, oh my, Bill.  Whatever can this be?"  Reaching down and 
grasping his cock with her hand.
"I'm sorry, ma'am.  I couldn't help it."
"Did I give you permission to speak, Bill?  You forget 
yourself.  Did I ask you a question?  Is this any way to 
demonstrate your training to Gloria?  You've disappointed me, 
Bill.  And, as I promised, you'll pay for it.
"Can I touch him?"  I think that I was as surprised as Peggy to 
hear my voice utter such a question.
Smiling at me with what looked like approval, Peggy simply 
nodded her hand and removed her hand from Bill's hardness.
I immediately replaced her hand with my own and felt the 
pulsing, warm hardness of Bill's throbbing penis in the palm of 
my hand.  My other hand traveled, seemingly of its own 
volition, around his hip and cupped one fiery hot buttock.
"Will you let me whip him?"  Again, I found it impossible to 
believe that these words were actually coming out of my mouth. 
 I had never imagined myself in such a circumstance with Peggy 
and Bill and found myself going with the flow as I would never 
have guessed myself capable.
With the same approving smile, Peggy assented.  "I'll let you 
whip him later.  For now, I want to take a break and let Bill 
go shower.  He smells like a goat and, if he is to serve us 
this evening, I want him to smell clean.
"I want you to remove the straps from him, Gloria.  That way, 
you'll know how to put him back into his bondage later when you 
whip him.  Go ahead, now, and release him."
Her words rang in my head as I stooped down to Bill's ankles 
and released them from the bolts in the floor.  While 
unfastening the first ankle, I noticed that I was at eye level 
to his hard, delicious looking penis and was tempted to take it 
into my mouth.  I was afraid, though, of how Peggy would react 
to my actions without her permission.
I kept in mind, though, that Peggy had said he would serve "us" 
- I like the sound of that and looked forward to feeling his 
lips and tongue on my yearning body.
As I stood on tiptoe and reached above his head to release his 
wrists, my breasts brushed his face.  I knew that if Bill could 
have his way, his tongue would be licking those nipples and 
making love to those breasts.  
Bill was now totally free and he looked to Peggy for 
instructions.  
"Gloria, Bill and I have developed many rituals over the past 
months.  One of those rituals would normally call for him to 
give me a thorough "submissive kiss" as his way of thanking me 
for the punishment that he has just endured.
"Since, however, you are dressed for the honor, I want you to 
turn around and bend over, with your hands on your knees.  
Bill, assume the position of worship."
Looking over my shoulder at Bill, I saw him drop to his knees 
and place his hands behind his back.
"Bill, you may commence your ass worship.  Remember, as you 
apply your lips and tongue, that this woman, Gloria, our friend 
of over twenty years, is going to whip you later.  Perhaps, if 
you show her the proper respect now, she might go lighter on 
you later."
Before Peggy had finished speaking I had felt Bill insinuate 
his face between my buttocks, extend his tongue, and begin 
licking my crack in earnest.  He began licking my cheeks, one 
then the other, before returning to my crack and following it 
from top to bottom and back to the top.
I wondered if I would get to feel the sensation of his tongue 
in my anus when Peggy spoke again.  "OK, Bill.  Let her feel 
the joy of your submissive kiss.  Let her feel your tongue in 
her anus.  Show Gloria how much you are willing to submit to 
her total authority.  Show her how much you appreciate the 
privilege of touching her so intimately with your mouth."
My pussy was a burning inferno.  I longed to feel Bill's lips 
there but resigned myself, for now, to enjoying the delightful 
sensations that he was producing in my butt with his zealous 
application of lips and tongue in a manner that I had never 
before experienced.
"That will do for now, Bill.  Get up now and go shower.  I'll 
see you back here in thirty minutes.  Now, go."
Bill ceased his devoted ministrations to my behind and 
scampered up the basement stairs.  I almost shouted after him 
in my frustration.  At that moment, I knew that my mind was a 
jumble of conflicting emotions.
For starters, even though Bill had reached the top of the 
stairs and was well on his way to the shower, I had maintained 
my position, bent over at the waist, with my hands on my knees. 
 I felt self conscious but I stayed in position.  I waited.  I 
waited for Peggy to tell me what to do.
"So, Gloria, why are you still in position?  Do you expect me 
to continue where Bill stopped?  Or, do you want me to spank 
that cute little bottom of yours?"
Confused and embarrassed, I started to rise but stopped 
abruptly at the sound of Peggy speaking again.  "Stop.  Stay in 
position, Gloria.  Did I tell you that you could break position?"
"No."
"No, what?"
"No, ma'am."
"Good girl."
I felt terribly vulnerable in my nudity as I watched Peggy walk 
over to stand at my side.  I shivered as I felt her hand on my 
lower back.  In all the years that we had known each other, we 
had never, ever, had any sexual contact.
We had talked about bisexuality before and I had once had a 
vivid dream of going down on Peggy.  The dream had shaken me up 
and I had never tried to put the dream into action.  Nor, had I 
ever told Peggy of it.
Peggy allowed her hand to travel past my hips and begin 
caressing my buttocks lightly.  I was incredibly turned on and 
hoped that she would continue.
"What would you do if I asked you to endure a paddling for me, 
Gloria?  You said that you want to whip bill and I told you 
that I would let you do so before the evening is over.
"There will be a catch, though.  If you still wish to whip Bill 
later on, you must understand that I will only allow you to do 
so if you agree to my stipulations.  First, I will insist that 
you submit to a paddling at my hands.  A paddling on the bare. 
 A paddling that will surely elicit tears.
"Second, I will expect you, after your paddling, to serve me.  
I know that you know what I mean by that but I want to be 
absolutely certain of this.  
"When you serve me, I will require you to lick and suck my 
pussy.  You will lick and suck me until I have as many orgasms 
as I wish.  When I tire of your mouth on my pussy, I will 
require you to perform anal worship.  Only your submissive kiss 
will earn you the privilege of whipping Bill.
"For now, I want you to keep your answer to yourself.  Do you 
understand everything that I've said, Gloria?  Answer me."
"Yes, ma'am."
"Good girl."  This, said with a smack to my proffered bottom!  
"Now, go upstairs and get us another bottle of wind and the corkscrew."
"Yes, ma'am."
At this, I stood and walked to the stairs, totally nude, and 
totally mystified by my own unprecedented behavior.  I felt 
light headed as I ascended the stairs on my way to the kitchen 
and the wine.  I found it odd, to say the lease, to be walking 
through the house naked.
My body was more than naked; the surface of my skin was 
super-sensitized.  I felt a heat running through me that was 
almost frightening in its intensity.  As I padded down the hall 
and into the kitchen, I could hear the sounds of Bill in the bathroom.
I had only a vague idea of where we would travel on this kinky 
journey of discovery later this night but I knew that I was 
along for the ride, wherever the road led to.
I had definitely taken a "detour in human behavior" and I was 
like a tourist who wants to see everything along the tour bus route.
Walking back to the basement door with a fresh bottle of white 
wine, I again heard the sound of the shower and was tempted to 
set the bottle on the floor and sneak into the shower for a 
quick ravishing of Bill.  
Tempted, that is, until I thought of what Peggy might do if she 
caught me.  Even this thought caused me to have ambivalent emotions.
One the one hand, I felt apprehension at the idea of 
punishment.  On the other, the anticipation of the paddling 
that I knew I would experience before the evening was over, 
caused me a uniquely intense arousal that was almost "cozy" in nature.
Dismissing my fantasy of shower fun, I quickened my step and 
skipped down the basement stairs with the bottle and corkscrew. 
 My breasts bounced and quivered as I descended the stairs and 
I felt Peggy staring at my nude body.
I felt like a naked servant girl as I approached Peggy with the 
wine.  It was as if I hoped to earn some brownie points by my 
acquiescence to her orders.  I knew that I was psyching myself 
but also realized that the psych was part of the excitement.
"Put the wine on the bar and come here first, Gloria."
Without a thought of disobeying, I hastened to follow my 
"orders" and soon found myself standing, still nude, in front 
of Peggy.  I was embarrassed and reluctant to look her in the 
eye but, nevertheless, forced myself to confront my fears and 
looked directly into her smiling eyes.
"I'm really looking forward to the rest of the evening, Gloria. 
 I know that your cute little butt will look even cuter when I 
have reddened it with the paddle.  You should understand that 
this paddling will have quite an impact on you because of your gender.
"The nature of the female anatomy is such that the heat 
generated from a paddling travels quickly from the buttocks, 
between the legs, straight to your center.  If you will yield 
to me and trust me, I will cause you to remember this night for 
the rest of your life.
"I know that you must be afraid and with just cause.  Make no 
mistake, Gloria.  If you submit to my domination, I'll test 
your limits.  Similarly to Bill, I would never injure you.  
But, also not unlike Bill, I will not hesitate to hurt you.
"By your submission, you will be consenting to endure the pain 
that I choose to inflict upon your body.  My acceptance of your 
submission carries with it an inherent responsibility to help 
you test your sincerity.  The method that I will use to test 
your sincerity is the infliction of pain.
"If you accept this proposition, you need not say a word.  If 
you wish to spend the rest of the evening at my command and 
feel what Bill feels in his submissive role, you need only 
kneel in front of me.  Now!"
I felt hypnotized by the words that I was hearing.  One part of 
me wanted to grab my clothing from the floor and run.  Another 
part wanted to yield.  Wanted to feel what I knew would be both 
painful and somehow complete.  The later part won out.  I knelt 
down in front of Peggy and waited to see what she would say next.
"When you kneel, Gloria, you must keep your knees at least a 
foot apart.  Your hands belong behind you, crossed at the 
wrists, and centered on your spine, directly over your 
buttocks.  Very good.  Now, look at me.
"By kneeling before me as you now are, you are communicating 
your complete and total acceptance of my rule over you for the 
rest of the evening.  Further, you are agreeing that you will 
obey me at all times, with no hesitation, and with no resistance.
"Along with your total obedience, you are also accepting the 
fact that I will - and you can bet your sweet little ass on it 
- subject you to corporal discipline.  In other words, I am 
going to spank your butt.  I am going to paddle you.  I might 
even give you a taste of the cane.
"If you accept these terms, remain on your knees and answer me. 
 If you do not accept these terms or if you have any qualms, 
get up and leave now.  I will never hold it against you if this 
is not what you wish.  Be advised, though, that if you get up 
and leave, I will never again give you an opportunity to serve 
me.  Well, do you submit?"
There was no longer any doubt in my mind.  As afraid as I was 
of what I knew would come about as a result of my total 
submission to Peggy, it was what I wanted with every fiber of my being.
"Yes, ma'am."
"Remove my skirt."
I took my hands from behind my back and reached to the hem of 
Peggy's skirt, knowing that it was elasticized and needed only 
to be pulled over her hips.  Lowering the hem towards her feet, 
I watched eagerly for the bare pussy that I had seen during her 
bath earlier. Peggy saw me looking and admonished me.
"I said to look into my eyes.  If I wish for you to look at my 
pussy, I'll order you to do so."  That said, Peggy stepped out 
of her skirt and I set it on the floor beside me.  Finished 
with my task, I returned my hands to the small of my back and 
waited for Peggy to issue further instructions.
"Now, Gloria.  Now, I want you to look at my pussy.  In a 
moment, you'll taste it.  You'll lick the outer lips with your 
tongue and savor the mixture of my vaginal flavor combined with 
the sweat that accumulated while I was whipping Bill.
"I knew when I was in the bath and you were spellbound by the 
shaved lips, that you would be on your knees before the night 
was through.  I could see it in your eyes then.  The hunger.  
It was the same look that Bill gets in his eyes when he looks at it."
I could feel my own wetness and I wondered if I was literally 
dripping onto the floor beneath my spread thighs.  Peggy had 
stopped talking long enough to step forward so that her mound 
was within inches of my waiting lips.
While she had spoken, I had looked at her pussy in a way that I 
could never have imagined that I would.  Not only was I going 
to submit to serving her as some sex slave might, I knew that I 
would enjoy the task.  My mouth was literally salivating in 
anticipation of its imminent contact with her center.
"Now, Gloria.  You may lean forward slightly and lick.  I want 
to feel only your tongue.  Do not allow your lips to touch me 
yet.  I want you to thoroughly lick the mound and the outer 
lips to start.  If you do a good job, I'll consider allowing 
you to dip your tongue inside for a better taste of my nectar."
I could smell her heat as I leaned forward and extended my 
tongue as far as possible in order to obey her dictate that I 
not make any contact between her skin and my lips.  I had to 
concentrate on the words that Peggy was saying to even hear 
her.
From the moment that my tongue came into contact with the 
smooth lips of her pussy, I knew that I had made the right 
decision in submitted to my best friend.  I was intoxicated by 
her taste and her smell.  I found myself eager to please - like 
a small child that strives for her parents' approval in 
demonstrating what she has learned in dance class that day.  
Only this was no dance class!
I had never examined a vulva before.  I had read of encounter 
sessions wherein feminists held mirrors between their legs to 
study their genitalia and had always thought it odd.  Now, when 
confronted with this new, unexplored territory, I was feeling 
like the proverbial kid in a candy store.
While my tongue laved the smooth skin as she had ordered, I 
waited in eager anticipation for her further instructions.  Her 
orders.  Her permission to delve between the lips and truly 
taste her.
"You're doing that so well, Gloria.  I wonder if you've really 
never knelt before a woman as you have told me in the past.  A 
virgin mouth and it feels as if you were born to it.
"Bill will be joining us soon and you must wait to explore 
further.  You must also wait for your spanking and paddling.  
If it is true, as you told me this afternoon, that your mother 
only used her hand on your rear when she spanked you, I guess 
that it would be appropriate to begin with a hand spanking.  Of 
course, now that you are a grown woman, I'll have to spank a 
great deal harder than your mother probably did.
"Since you've never experienced the sting of a paddle, after 
I've warmed your bottom with my hand, I'll switch to the wooden 
paddle and really set your sweet cheeks on fire.  You want me 
to do this, Gloria.  Don't you?  Answer me."
I interrupted my licking only long enough to reply, "Yes, 
ma'am.", before returning to my devotions.
"Stop now and get up.  I still want that glass of wine before 
we continue with Bill."
I found that I was no longer at all surprised by my thoughts as 
I felt a definite pang of regret at being ordered away from 
what had been a pleasant task.  Never in a million years would 
I have believed where this day would lead when I had awakened 
in the morning.
Now, I simply rose to my feet, still too embarrassed to look at 
Peggy, and padded on my bare feet to the bar and the waiting 
wine.  Bare feet, hell, I was as naked as the day that I was 
born and again feeling like the naked servant girl.  Decanting 
the bottle and pouring two glasses, I picked up both and 
hurried back to Peggy where I extended a glass.
Imitating the ritual that I'd seen earlier with Bill, I spoke 
to Peggy as I handed over the glass of wine, "Ma'am.".
"Thank you, Gloria.  I noticed that you poured two glasses.  
Did I give you permission to pour yourself one?"
"No, ma'am."
"You need to be punished for such behavior.  First, go back 
over to the bar and set the glass down.  Then, go to the whip 
table and look for a short length of silver chain with a clip 
at each end.  Find it and bring it to me."
I followed her orders, wondering what the chain was, what the 
punishment was, and whether I was up to submitting to the pain 
that I knew with a certainty was soon to come.
As I scanned the contents of the table before me, I saw the 
things that Peggy had used on Bill earlier.  The ping-pong 
paddle, the strap, the cane, and the gag, were all there. There 
were also numerous other items, some of which I could guess the 
use of, others that were a mystery.
I wondered if I was taking too long and was again struck by my 
eagerness to please Peggy.  Locating the length of chain on the 
table before me, I snatched it up and returned to Peggy with 
it.  I wondered if she intended to whip me with it.
"Give me the chain, Gloria.  Thank you.  Now, stand with your 
hands laced together and behind your neck, palms forward."
As I hastened to obey her orders, my breasts were lifted up as 
a result of my arms stretching their supporting muscles.  When 
this happened, I suddenly had an inkling of what the chain or, 
more to the point, the clips at its ends - was designed for.
"You should see how educational these nipple clips are for 
Bill.  I want you to hold still, Gloria.  Under no 
circum-stances are you to remove your hands from behind your 
neck until I give you permission.  Be brave and I'll reward you 
later."
That said, Peggy reached forward and put one of the clips on my 
left nipple.  Instantly, the nipple screamed with pain.  It 
felt like it was being bitten between the teeth of a pliers.
Before I could grow accustomed to this new sensation, Peggy 
took the clip at the other end of the chain and clipped it to 
my right nipple.  Now, it felt like my nipples were in a race. 
 A pain race.  The left one had been punished first and 
therefore had a head start on the other.  However, the right 
nipple soon became a center of distress equal to its twin.
I wanted to cry out.  To ask Peggy to remove the clips and let 
me rub my sore nipples.  I wanted more, though, to please her. 
 I knew that if I wimped out, she would be disappointed in me. 
 More importantly, I presumed that she would react to my 
cowardice by taking away her promise to let me serve her 
sexually.
I told myself that if Bill could endure the pain of the nipple 
clips, then I certainly could.  I mentally chastised myself to 
not "be such a baby" but to be stoic so as to please Peggy.
"Gloria, for your punishment, I'm going to leave the clips on 
until Bill returns.  I want you to be able to have some 
insight, though, into what will happen when I finally remove 
them.
"You noticed the pain that you felt when I applied the clips 
was acute.  You also noticed that, after you got over this 
initial pain, it seemed to dull and plateau at a finite level. 
 This was a result of the blood circulation being restricted to 
the nipple area.
"When I remove the clips, the blood will rush back into your 
nipples and you will know the devilishness of the clips.  The 
pain, then, will be delicious and will grow exponentially with 
each passing second.
"When you feel the pain in your nipples caused by the removal 
of the clips, everything inside you will scream to remove your 
hands from behind your head and rub your nipples.  The urge to 
rub away some of the pain and provide relief will be, almost 
but not quite, uncontrollable.
"Nearly uncontrollable.  However, you must control that urge.  
When you feel the pain, your inclination to disobey my orders 
may be so great that you want to give it all up and just go 
home.  It's only fair that I warn you now, Gloria.  You'll not 
be going home tonight, under any circumstances, until I tell 
you that you may.
"For your own good I've taken steps to assure that I'll not 
have an unruly and rebellious bitch on my hands.  From the time 
that we entered the basement, you've been filmed.  Or, I should 
say, video-taped.  I took the precaution of installing three 
concealed video cameras and they've been functioning since we 
entered the basement this evening.
"They're taping now, as I speak.  They were also taping 
earlier.  Earlier, when your tongue so eagerly sought the taste 
of my pussy.  Let me spell it out, honey.  Blackmail.  
Extortion.  Call it what you will.  Tonight, your butt is mine."




GLORIA

part4

"Because of those video tapes, your only choice is to obey me.
 Or, at least, if your dare, disobey, you'll not dare to resist 
the necessary and inevitable punishment that I'll inflict upon 
your delightful bottom.  Whether or not you're obedient or 
rebellious, you will, either way, leave her tonight with a 
thoroughly spanked and paddled bottom.
"You'll leave here with the taste of my pussy on your lips and 
tongue; with the scent of my pussy permeated through your 
olfactory senses.  You'll leave here with the memory of your 
tongue paying homage to my ass-crack and my anus.  You'll leave 
here thoroughly and totally humbled.  Knowing that, at any 
time, I may command you to kneel and you will hasten to obey.
The sound of Bill returning from his shower interrupted Peggy 
and we both turned to watch him descent the steps.  As he 
approached, the only evidence of his earlier discipline was a 
few welts across the fronts of his thighs.  I knew, though, 
that the picture would be very much different on his ass and 
the backs of his legs.
My eyes traveled to his penis which was semi-hard.  I looked 
forward to feeling its warmth in my mouth, in my pussy, 
wherever Peggy would allow.
"Come join us, Bill.  As you can see, Gloria was naughty and is 
being punished.  This is the first time that she's ever had an 
acquaintance with the bite of the nipple clips and we'll soon 
see how she reacts when I remove them."
Peggy was still wearing the midi-blouse that she'd donned 
before we entered the basement and she now pulled it over her 
head and tossed it aside.  She walked over to my side and 
started issuing a string of orders.  
"Bill, kneel down behind Gloria and show her again how adept 
you have become at anal worship.  Gloria, bend over a bit to 
give Bill access to your ass.  Bend over only enough to reach 
my right breast.
"Very good.  Now, I want to feel you suckling that tit as if 
you were a newborn babe.  Gloria, if you stop sucking or if you 
move your hands, so help me, I'll string you up where Bill was 
earlier and use the cane on you.
"Please, don't try to find out if I'm sincere.  Your ass is too 
pretty to cut up with that cane.  But, if your behavior merits 
it, believe me, the cane is what you'll get.
The breast in my mouth and the tongue working between my 
buttocks were two distractions from the pain that still 
persisted in my two tortured nipples.  I was terrified of the 
cane after having seen it at work on Bill and resolved to obey.
"Here we go, Gloria.  First, the clip on your left nipple."
As Peggy released the nipple from its confinement, I wanted to 
scream.  I wanted to run for the nearest door.  I wanted to 
bring my hands down from my neck and comfort it.  I did none of 
those things.  What I did was continue to suck on the breast in 
my mouth, continue to squeeze my fingers together behind my 
neck, and begin to cry.
I could feel the tears running down my face as the pain 
radiated out from the nipple to the surrounding breast flesh.  
I never could have imagined that it would be so intense.
"See, Gloria.  The cane is truly magic.  You've never even felt 
its sting - only observed Bill getting it - and you still 
respect it.  I wanted you to understand this.  Because, Gloria, 
if you can begin to comprehend the power of the cane over your 
hurting body at this moment, you may begin to fathom how you 
can put Dave under your power and never again worry about who 
calls the shots.  Brace yourself, baby, here goes the other 
clip."
Again, the fire.  This time in my right nipple, my right 
breast.  I'd thought that the second clip would be easier to 
deal with since it would be no surprise after just going 
through the same pain in the other nipple.  I'd been wrong.
The same panic generated by the first clip ensued after the 
removal of the second clip.  Again, the threat of the cane won. 
 I remained in position and merely cried harder.
"Poor baby.  Tears running down your face.  Someday, you'll 
understand how much I am now looking forward to spanking you 
later.  That's right, Bill.  I decided to give Gloria a 
spanking tonight.  Not only that, she knows that she'll be 
getting paddled after her spanking.  She also understands that 
this is part of the price that she must pay for the privilege 
of serving me.
"Gloria, stand up straight now.  You have my permission to rub 
your breasts.  Do so now."
I'd fallen into the pattern of instant obedience to her orders 
and immediately complied with this last instruction.  As I 
rubbed my punished nipples, I noticed that the pain in them had 
almost totally disappeared and marveled at the rapidity of 
their recovery.
"Bill, stop your licking and assume the position at my ass.  
Gloria, on your knees now.  I want to feel both of your tongues 
serving me at the same time.  
"Bill, you know what to do.  Do it.  Gloria, I want you to 
imagine that the enthusiasm that you demonstrate in giving me 
pleasure will have a direct bearing on how severely I'll spank 
you.  You can safely imagine this, because it is exactly what I 
plan to do.  You have my permission to use your lips and 
tongue.  You have my permission to lick and suck me thoroughly. 
 Go for it."
My initial thought as I bent my kneeling body to comply with 
Peggy's orders was to tease her a bit and not go for the inner 
lips immediately.  I figured that I would simply lick around 
the vicinity and try to arouse her with my teasing.  When I 
started licking, however, I caught her scent and found myself 
unable to resist the temptation to "dive right in".  
I knew how to excite her because as a woman, I knew what felt 
good on my own body.  I could understand how a lesbian had an 
advantage over a man when it came to orally satisfying another 
woman.  From the moment that I parted the labia and began to 
tongue-fuck the pussy before me, Peggy began to orgasm.
I was somewhat surprised that she reacted so quickly but 
realized that the activities of the evening thusfar had made me 
horny enough so that I would probably respond similarly if 
given the same treatment.  I understood, also, what she had 
told me to suck.  Her juices were copious and it was all that I 
could do to suck and swallow fast enough to keep up with her 
flow.
I used my tongue like a scoop and imagined that it was scooping 
out honey so intoxicated was I by the taste of my best friend. 
 Peggy reached forward and grasped my head, pressing my face 
firmly against her pelvis as she began her climax.
"Oh, you sweet bitch.  Yes.  Suck me.  I should never have 
taken so long to get you on your knees.  I promise you that 
I'll make up for lost time in the future.  Get used to the 
taste, Gloria, for you'll be spending a lot of time serving me 
in this manner from now on."
Peggy fell silent as her orgasm spread like ripples in a pond. 
 Her thighs quivered and her pussy seemed to get hotter if that 
was possible.  Little moans of delight could be heard from her 
as I licked and sucked.
Finding her clitoris with my tongue, I grasped it between my 
teeth and applied slight pressure as I began sucking it in 
earnest.  Her pleasure seemed to intensify and I could hear her 
snapping at Bill.
"Get your tongue up my ass, Bill.  You can do better than that 
and you know it."
Finally, Peggy released my head. "Stop, both of you.  I want to 
see now how well Gloria can lick my ass."  At this, Peggy 
simply did a 180-degree turn and I was faced with her rounded 
buttocks within inches of my servile mouth.
"Come and get it, kids.  You know what to do.  You, Gloria, can 
figure it out.  I warn you, though, that even if you did a 
commendable job on my pussy, the real test of your devotion is 
before you now.  I know how far Bill can get his tongue up my 
ass and I expect you to do as well."
Peggy was again silent as I burrowed my face between her silken 
ass cheeks and tentatively touched her anus with the tip of my 
tongue.  Because Bill had just been there, it was already wet 
with his saliva and I ran my tongue over the entrance and up 
the groove between the globes of Peggy's ass.
I could hear Peggy starting to whimper and moan again as she 
reacted to the combined actions of her husband and her best 
friend.  Hurrying now, afraid that I would incur her wrath if I 
performed ineptly, I inserted my tongue into her anus and felt 
totally depraved.  Here I was with my tongue up the ass of my 
best friend, my best female friend, and I knew that I had 
'found a home'.
Although this entire experience had been completely alien, I 
felt that it was only appropriate that I be kneeling behind 
Peggy's ass, my tongue still tangy with the taste of her pussy, 
now serving her in the most submissive manner.  I realized now, 
why she had called this the 'submissive kiss'.  I couldn't 
imagine a more humbling position to be in.
I knew that Peggy and I would never relate to each other in the 
same manner again.  I was completely happy that this was to be 
the case.  I knew that she was peaking again as I felt my 
tongue being squeezed by the constricting sphincter muscles in 
her ass as she again reached her zenith of pleasure.
"Stop now.  Both of you.  That will have to do for now.  
Gloria, get up and walk over to the table.  On it you will find 
leather straps identical to those worn by Bill on his wrists 
and ankles.  Bill, help her put them on and then secure the 
straps for her whipping."
Things were now happening too fast. The desire in my loins had 
reached a crescendo that was new to me.  I was tempted to 
masturbate myself to get some relief.  I wasn't at all 
concerned about doing this in front of Bill and Peggy so urgent 
was my need for surcease.  What I was concerned about, though, 
was the additional punishment that I was sure it would bring 
from Peggy if I dared to do such a thing.
Straps on my ankles and wrists - ankles secured to the floor 
bolts where Bill had recently had his ankles chained - wrists 
above my head and fastened to the rafter, I waited for what I 
knew was to follow.
"Gloria, are you ready for your discipline now?"
"Yes, ma'am."
"I want you to ask for it properly.  I want you to ask me to 
spank you on the bottom.  I want you to ask me to make you cry 
from your spanking.  Go ahead."
"Yes, ma'am.  Please spank me now until I cry."
Peggy said nothing but instead began smacking my buttocks with 
the palm of her hand.  First the left buttock, then the right, 
then left, right, left, right, left, right.  The spanking 
wasn't particularly severe and, again, I surprised myself by 
wishing that she would spank harder.  Somehow, apparently, she 
guessed what I was thinking.
"Is that hard enough for you, Gloria?  Or, do you want me to 
spank harder?  Answer me, now."
"Please spank me harder, ma'am. Please spank me so that I'll 
cry."
I immediately got my wish as Peggy started smacking me much 
harder now.  Her hand made a loud smacking noise each time that 
it came into contact with my buttocks.  I could feel the heat 
of the spanking in my butt.  I could also, as Peggy had 
explained that I would, feel the heat spreading to between my 
legs.
I suddenly realized, somewhat to my dismay, that I was fast 
approaching sexual release from the spanking.  Again, Peggy 
somehow seemed able to read my mind as her spanking hand 
increased both the speed and strength of the smacks.
"Do you want to orgasm from your spanking, Gloria?  Bill, get 
over here and on your knees between her legs.  I want you to 
lick Gloria's pussy while I spank her."
Directly, I felt Bill between my spread thighs and, as his 
tongue met my pussy, I started to orgasm as never before.  I'd 
read about and heard about multiple orgasms but had never 
experienced one before.  As I felt Peggy spank harder and 
faster, my orgasm took over and spread throughout my entire 
body.  Normally, I would experience this feeling as waves that 
washed over me and subsided after thirty seconds or so.  
Not this time.  As the sexual waves washed over me, I felt the 
same intensity that I always felt at such a moment.  But, 
instead of subsiding, the sensations continued to build into 
another peak and another and another.  I heard my own voice 
now.  Shameless.
"Yes, thank you.  Please keep it up.  Yes.  Yes.  Oh, God.  
Ohhh."
When I thought that I could stand it no more, Peggy suddenly 
ceased with her hand and told Bill to stop.  I was breathing 
heavily and trying to catch my wind as I watched Peggy stride 
to the table and pick up the paddle laying there.  I felt a 
lump in my throat as I realized that she meant to paddle me 
with the wooden paddle.
I considered pleading with her but had already learned that 
this would only merit me additional punishment for the whining. 
 I told myself that the paddle couldn't possibly hurt that much 
more than the spanking that I'd just received. I found out 
quickly how terribly mistaken I was on that score.
Peggy had resumed her position behind me after getting the 
paddle and I waited for her to begin. "Do you have anything 
that you wish to say, Gloria."
I thought that I knew what she wanted me to say and responded 
accordingly.  "Please paddle me now, Peggy.  Please paddle me 
until I cry."
"You might have wondered why I spanked you so lightly.  So 
lightly that you have yet to shed tears from your punishment.  
I wanted to save your tears for the paddle.  I plan to give you 
an even dozen swats.  After I deliver each swat, you will thank 
me and ask for the next.  The way that you will do this is to 
say, 'Thank you, ma'am, another please?'.  Now, are we clear?  
Do you understand me, Gloria?"
"Yes, ma'am."
"Crack"  The paddle exploded across my ass at the same moment 
that Bill returned his attentions to my sopping pussy.  God, 
how it stung.  I felt as if I had sat down on a hot steam iron 
or a nest of honey bees.
"Thank you, ma'am, another please?"
"Smack."
"Thank you, ma'am, another please?"
"Smack."
"Thank you, ma'am, another please?"
On the third stroke, I began to cry.  On the fourth, the tears 
were running down both cheeks.  On the fifth, I started 
begging.  "Oh, please, Peggy.  This is my first paddling ever. 
 Can't you go a bit lighter? Please?  I'll do anything that you 
tell me to do, just no more now.  Please."
"Crack."
If it was possible, the sixth was harder than any of the first 
five.  I knew that it was Peggy responding to my pleas and 
determined to beg no more.  "Th-th-thank you ma'am, a-another 
puh-please?"
I had never in my life stuttered but I did now.  I felt like 
and sounded like a naughty little girl who had misbehaved and 
was now getting her just punishment.  It was embarrassing; it 
was humiliating; it was painful; and, it was exciting.  I could 
feel Bill suckling on my clitoris and knew that he was trying 
to bring me to another orgasm along with the pain of the 
paddle.
"Smack."
"Thank you, ma'am, another please?"  Five more to go.
"Crack."
I felt that I could take no more.  In spite of this feeling, 
though, I obeyed.  "Thank you, ma'am, another please?"
"As I will teach you when it is your turn to whip Bill, the 
secret is in the wrist action.  The sting of the paddle is very 
much intensified with the proper wrist English applied for good 
measure."
"Crack."
"Oh, please, please.  Peggy, please can't we stop the paddling? 
 I promise you.  We can do it some other time."
"Crack...crack...crack...crack."
Four hard swats delivered with no pause between them.  I knew 
that Peggy was simply punishing me for my begging.  But, even 
though I knew this, the pain of the paddle was driving me 
crazy.  "Oh, Peggy, that's a dozen.  Can't we stop?"
"Crack...crack...crack...crack."
"Oh, please."  And then, correcting myself, "Thank you ma'am, 
another please?"  Finally mouthing the words as I was supposed 
to, I knew that Peggy would be more than willing to accommodate 
my request for another.
"Crack."
And, at that, I started experiencing an orgasm to end all 
orgasms. I swear, my toenails curled and my hair hurt so 
intense was it.  Peggy, realizing what I was feeling, started 
swinging the paddle harder and more quickly.
"The paddling will end when your pleasure peaks, Gloria."
I barely heard her words as the waves of my orgasm continued to 
spread to every square inch of my body.  I suddenly understood 
why the French referred to this as 'the little death'.  I can 
only remember feeling like I was all ass and pussy during the 
following moments.
My mind registered pain/pleasure - pleasure/pain - in a series 
of confusing signals to the brain by the expertise of Bill, yet 
on his knees before me and sucking my pussy for all he was 
worth; and the continued contact of the wooden paddle with my 
ass as Peggy kept smacking it repeatedly as she had promised.
I think that I must have lost consciousness since I have only a 
dim memory of the paddling (and my pleasure) ending, my body 
being released and being led to the sofa by Bill and Peggy 
holding me up on either side.  They thoughtfully laid me on my 
tummy and Peggy sent Bill to fetch me a glass of wine.
"It's over now, Gloria.  Calm down.  You did beautifully and I 
could tell that you enjoyed the experience immensely. Here, 
take a drink."
Taking small sips of the wine, I found its tart taste 
invigorating.  I knew that I could now give Bill the whipping 
that I was promised and I wanted to get to it immediately.  
"Can I whip him now?  I want to do it while my ass is still on 
fire.  I tend to think that I'll show less mercy when I hurt so 
much myself. And, I definitely don't wish to show the first 
hint of mercy."
"Bill, I sure hope that you're ready to scream.  Because, if 
Peggy will let me, I intend to demonstrate that I can give it 
as well as receive it.  Can I whip him now, Peggy?"
"Bill, assume the position. Come on, Gloria, you've earned the 
privilege.  Let me help you fasten him."
"No.  Thanks, anyway, Peggy.  If it's OK with you, I want to do 
it all by myself."  Getting no objection from Peggy, I hastened 
to fasten the bindings at Bill's ankles and wrists so that I 
could proceed.
"Are you afraid, Bill?  You should be.  This is the first time 
that I've had the opportunity to whip a man and I intend to 
whip you very severely."  I was standing in front of Bill, 
looking directly into his eyes as I spoke and I was gratified 
to see the beginning of real fear there.
My hands were busy massaging his cock and I was tempted to ask 
permission to make him ejaculate again but decided to forego 
this pleasure for now.
"Peggy, I want to use the can.  From what I could see earlier, 
it seems to cause the most pain and pain is what I want to give 
him - in a very big dose.  Do I have your permission to can him 
severely?"
"As long as you restrict the blows of the can to his ass, you 
have a free hand, honey.  Enjoy yourself."
I fetched the cane from the floor where it had lain since 
having been discarded earlier and took up my position to the 
side and slightly behind the hanging nude form of her husband. 
 Enough talk.  Time to whip some ass!
In the next few minutes, I confirmed my suspicion that I would 
enjoy hearing Bill beg and cry from a whipping with no gag to 
interfere.  I swung the cane experimentally and measured his 
reaction each time that it met with his naked, already 
punished, ass.  With each stroke, I increased the strength of 
my swing and was rewarded within six cuts by his voice, broken 
with sobbing.
"Please, Peggy, it's too hard.  Please make her stop."
When I heard Bill begin to beg, I got pissed.  What a baby, I 
thought.  If I could take a paddling on my female bottom, he 
could damn well endure a little caning on his male one.  I 
decided to see how far I could take this.  Ignoring his crying 
and carrying on, I began swinging the cane as fast and as hard 
as I could for perhaps eight or ten cuts.
By the end of this volley, Bill was beside himself.  His 
begging would have been touching had I not just been hanging 
where his body now hung.  Because of this, I ignored him and 
looked at Peggy as he begged.
"Please, Peggy.  Peggy, it's too much.  Make Gloria stop.  
She's whipping me too hard.  Please.  Please.  Please, make her 
stop."
"I want to make him cum before I finish his caning.  May I?"
"Go ahead, he's all yours."
Without even thinking about it, I dropped the cane to the 
basement floor and moved to my position in front of his hurting 
body.  I again looked into his eyes as my hands began a slow 
massage of his genitals.  His cock was wet from semen dripping 
from its end and I used this to lubricate the head while 
milking the shaft with my other hand.
"Cum for me, Bill.  Fill my hands with your cum.  I might even 
let you lick them clean before I finish your caning.  If you 
think that the last few minutes have been painful, you won't 
believe what I will do to your ass after you cum."
The cock throbbing in my hand was ready to spurt its seed.  
Hard as a rock and pulsing with heat, I knew that Bill couldn't 
control himself much longer.  
"Now, Bill, fill my hands.  Give me all of your cum.  I want 
you to be totally devoid of lust for the last of your caning.  
I want you to scream with the pain.  Cum for me now, Bill!"
It was hard to believe that he could produce so much semen 
again with such a short span of time since his last orgasm.  
Again, taking my cue from the lessons learned from my dominant 
friend, I raised first one hand and then the other to his 
waiting mouth where they were quickly licked clean.
Picking up the cane from where I had dropped it, I turned to 
Peggy.  "Peggy, I think that I have done pretty well tonight.  
I want you to leave bill and I alone for five minutes.  I want 
him to know that I alone will decide when to stop his caning.  
I want him to beg me - not you.  Will you do this for me?"
"What do you think, Bill?  Should I let her have you at her 
mercy?"
"Please, Peggy, stay with us.  She'll whip me too hard.  
Please, don't leave me alone."
"Wrong answer, Bill.  You continue to disappoint me.  I hope 
that Gloria whips you very hard.  And, if I get a bad report 
from her when I return, I'll whip you again after she is 
through with your sorry ass."
"Give it your best, Gloria.  I'll be gone for more than five 
minutes, though.  I want to take a shower and that'll give you 
all the time that you want and then some.  Enjoy."
"Thank you, ma'am."
And Peggy was up the basement stairs and out of sight.  
Standing in front of Bill, I savored the feeling of power that 
I felt as I stared into his eyes and saw the tears forming and 
rolling down his puppy dog cheeks.
"I want you to ask me to whip your ass, Bill.  You understand 
that I'm not married to you and feel not the slightest 
compunction about whipping you much harder than Peggy would.
"You understand that your ass belongs to me now and I have 
every intention of whipping it until it bleeds down your legs. 
 But, first, I want you to ask me for it."
"Please, Gloria, do you have to whip me so hard?  I already 
hurt so very much from the whippings that I've already gotten 
tonight.  Please, have mercy, Gloria."
"You are only getting me more and more pissed, Bill.  'Be right 
back."
With this, I stepped into position and let fly with the cane.  
Once, twice, thrice, and on.  Ten cuts in not more than thirty 
seconds.  Bill literally wailed.  He jerked.  He screamed.  He 
begged.  And, I absolutely, positively, without any 
reservation, loved every sweet moment of it.  I'd never felt so 
completely in control in my life.  The feeling of power caused 
by that thin piece of cane pole was a rush that nearly 
overwhelmed me in its intensity.
Again, in front of his hanging, naked body.  Again, looking 
into his eyes.  "You know what I want to hear, Bill.  What I 
will hear if you ever want this to end.  Speak to me!"
"Oh.  Oh, Jesus. Please, ma'am, whip me until my ass bleeds 
down my legs.  Oh, God help me.  Please.  Please."
Bill was nearly incoherent from his fear as I again took my 
position to the side and slightly to the rear of his trembling, 
nude body.
I lost track of how much time passed during the caning that 
followed.  I would be unable to say how many cuts that I gave 
Bill, how many times that I made him scream in pain.  What I 
know for sure, is that after that night, Bill never again 
looked at me without fear in his eyes.
Fear that I would again have the opportunity of having him 
hanging from the rafters.  Naked, bloody, crying, screaming, 
begging, hurting, and, completely at my mercy.
That night, I was introduced to female domination.  That night 
started a new life for me that provided excitement, sexual 
gratification, and satisfaction that I'd never know.  By 
allowing myself to submit to the control of my friend, I'd 
experienced both the joy of submission and the pleasure of 
loving another woman in a sexual manner.
By dominating her husband, I'd learned the joy of assuming the 
dominant role and the satisfaction of having a man dance to my 
tune for a change.
On the other hand, that night, after all was said and done, 
was, after all, only "The Beginning".




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dave Wallace


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





