BDSM Library - A Lesson In Love




A Lesson In Love
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A fiesty submissive learns a difficult lesson when she strays off the path set by her online Master.
A Lesson In Love

By shirazzie





A Lesson In Love

By shirazzie

It is a Friday afternoon and I am preparing to call Master at the office. 

My fingers push the buttons on the phone, I hear it ring on His end and then His
voice. My lips curl into a smile and I greet Him warmly.

His response should have been the first warning. An edge was present that was
unfamiliar and quite unnerving. I stutter, trying to place it, to reassure
myself. Just my imagination? I soon learn I am not mistaken.

"Where are you?" He asks. No love, no sweetie, just direct. "In the living room,
" I answer. "In the living room what?" He pushes. I realize my error and repeat
the sentence adding Master at the end. "You are slipping shirin" I hear Him say.
My heart sinks yet I concede He is right. I make silent promises to pay more
attention. "Kneel on the floor", He orders.  I do so. "Now wait." I long to ask
for what, but know better than to speak at this moment.

I can hear His breathing through the phone and it makes me smile, if only
softly. I vow to focus. To please Him. These promises silent but meaningful. A
knock on the door makes me jump and I gasp out loud.

"Oh Master, someone is at the door. " I walk to the kitchen and look at the
clock. 5:00 PM. I decide to ignore it and give my attention to Him.

"Answer it", He commands. I smile. "It's okay Master, I would rather talk to
You, they can come back later if it is important". Silence.

"Did You not just hear Me tell you to answer the door?" A small shudder. "Yes
Master".  "Then why aren't You doing so?" He questions.  My stomach turns over
as I walk to the door. I look outside the window. "It's a man Master, I don't
know him." More silence. Then in a voice laced with breaking patience You say,
"shirin, if I have to ask you again". I open the door before He can finish the
sentence.

The man doesn't say a word and he is not smiling. I feel my body shake and the
urge to run creeps all over my body. "Tell Him to come in" Master orders and I
manage to find the words to do so. The man still hasn't spoken. He stands next
to one couch and stares me. I look at the floor.  "Get the other phone shirin"
Master says. I can't move. "Master" I whisper. I hear His voice raise. "Now!" I
run upstairs and get the phone, bringing back downstairs with me. The Man is
still there. My face is now bright pink.

"Give Him the phone". I hand it to Him without looking in His direction. I hear
Master's voice then. "Lie over the edge of the couch". I do as told, but look
over my shoulder at the Man. His voice fills my ears for the first time, strong
yet quiet. "Sir, she is looking over her shoulder at me".  My blush turns
crimson and I glare at Him before lowering my gaze. "shirin, you obviously are
having difficulty knowing your place these days". I want to cry at His words but
force the tears back. "Answer me shirin". I swallow and whisper, "Yes Master". 
"Perhaps We can help you with that". I understood then the depth of trouble I
was in.

"Lift her skirt" I hear Master say to the Man, and the tears fall then, beyond
control. The Man's hands lift my skirt with ease and I  cringe. "Spank her with
Your open hand, hard enough for me to  hear it", He orders the Man. My sobs come
before the first strike.  My ass stings badly after the third slap and my face
hot with tears and embarrassment. I almost find it within me to beg You to make
it stop, but I have not yet reached that limit.

Master senses my resistance then, as if a small breath or sigh had escaped from
my lips and told Him. "shirin, who owns you?" He asks.  In a soft voice choked
with tears I say, "You own me Master".  A moment passes. "Strike her again".
This blow lands harder than the others and I gasp. "Then why do You persist in
disobeying Me?"  I swallow loudly and try to find the words. Stubbornness
invades my throat and mind. "I don't know Master".  Another moment of silence.
"Use the flogger next". I curse my stupidity.

The first lash lands across the back of my thighs and I groan loudly, Its force
so much stronger than when I had tried it myself. Master repeats the question. 
"Because I am very pigheaded Master" I answer, honestly this time. "Again"
Master orders. Another lash that makes me bite the cushions and cry out. "Is it
wise to be so stubborn shirin?" I shake my head and whisper no.  He tells the
Man to flog me again and new tears pour from my eyes.

 I think it is over then, that Master has made His point, and that I have
learned my lesson. I expect to hear the man leaving, but when I do not, I turn
to see Him standing there, looking at me. "Sir, she turned around and looked
again. Obviously, she still has much to learn."

I punch the sofa and wish I had not looked. "shirin, you really are embarrassing
Me. This Man is going to think I have not trained you properly." My heart sinks
at this and I lower my eyes even further.

"Use Your belt". I start to move then, to get up, my words begging You. "Please
Master, no...I promise...please." I feel the Man's hands push me gently back
towards the couch. Then, I hear Him undo His belt, the clank of the metal buckle
ringing in my ears. This time, the crying comes from my stomach.

The first whack makes me jump, not so much from pain as from extreme shame. I
calm myself, realizing it is useless to fight it. The next few whacks landing
squarely on my already red butt.  I think I have survived it, and believe it is
over. The Man steps back and says into the receiver, "Her ass is very red Sir
and she is quiet."

Master, who knows me so very well, knows my silence does not equal submission.
He tells the Man so and my breathing quickens as I listen. I start to worry
then, real fear and my body reveals this by shaking.

"Is she breathing?" Master asks the Man. He tells Master that I am but shaking
too. I can see Him smile at this. "Touch her very softly" Master says and it is
then that words escape my lips. My protests fill the phone and I hear myself
beg, truly beg and mean it. "Who owns Your body shirin?" He asks. "You own it
Master" I answer. "but pleaaaaaaaseeeeee." The begging continues, driven by
panic. I feel the Man's hands stroke me gently between my legs and I scream.

"I own you shirin, all of you, do you understand that?" My breathing quick and
short now makes it difficult to speak. I manage to sputter "yes Master". 

"Rub her a little bit harder" I hear Master say and cries leave my throat. "Is
she wet?" He asks the Man. For the first time, I hear the Man laugh. "Yes Sir,
very." My neck and face burning deep red.

"shirin?" More breathes. "Yes Master".  The softness returning to Master's
voice. "Who do You love?"  I do not hesitate. "You Master".  "Then cum for me". 
The tears fall again and I whisper yes.

I hear the Man stand up and say something to Master on the phone, but I can't
make out the words. By the time He asks me to kneel on the floor, my head has
cleared enough for me to do so. The Man takes a small box out of His pocket and
hands it to me. "Open it shirin" Master says softly. I do so and discover a very
pretty, thin silver bracelet with a small S charm attached to it. "Do not forget
who you are again shirin" Master warns. I nod and whisper yes into the phone.
The Man leaves then as quietly as He came.

I put the bracelet on my wrist and look at it, smiling. "I love you shirin". My
face glowing, my lips curved upwards, "I love You too Master."







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  shirazzie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





