BDSM Library - The Compound




The Compound
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A wealthy woman hires the services of professionals for a very special revenge.
                             "THE COMPOUND"
                               by Dr. Phil




                             "THE COMPOUND"
                               by Dr. Phil

                          Part 1 - The Customer

  The small white plane was heard before it was seen. Bernard
Renault glanced at his watch as he stepped outside and gazed up
into the sky. It was right on time, as usual. As the engine's
whirring grew louder the plane suddenly appeared over the tall
trees to the west. It was a small sea plane and its appearance
greatly pleased the plump, well dressed man who watched it begin
its descent to the large lake next to the compound. Its presence
meant one thing: A Customer.

  Mssr. Renault's compound is located in the tiny country of Duri,
in West Africa. For all intent and purposes, the compound IS the
country of Duri. Duri is an independent nation of approximately 500
square miles nestled between the Ivory Coast and Upper Volta. It is
about 350 miles inland of the Atlantic ocean in a region of lush
vegetation. Duri is a very wealthy country. The "contributions"
which it makes to the governments of both of its neighbors assures
its peaceful existence along with its ABSOLUTE privacy. Nobody
comes to Duri without an invitation from Mssr. Renault. Its only
access is via the private sea plane which is dispatched to a small
airfield near Abidjan, on the coast. The closest settlement to the
compound is nearly 100 miles away through dense jungle.
  Duri's only business is a very expensive and a very private one.
For an enormous price, wealthy customers can arrange for a very
special revenge for those who had the stupidity to cross them...  

  Seated next to the pilot in the plane which was just now skimming
the lake and powering down was a young woman who had corresponded
with Mssr. Renault about purchasing his services for just such a
case. Her name was Laura Buckley, and she was a fabulously wealthy
young heiress from England. Both of her parents had died when she
was only seventeen years old. Now, four years later, she had become
the sole heiress to a fortune well in excess of 50 million pounds.
Her twenty-first birthday, celebrated three months ago, had been
the occasion of her official inheritance.
  All of her life Laura had been used to getting anything she
wanted. She was noted for a quick temper and her near-consuming
passion for "getting even" with anyone who crossed her path. The
four years she had spent waiting to claim her inheritance had
seemed like forever to her. She was appalled at not having
immediate access to all of the money and was prone to fits of
intense anger towards anyone who prevented her from doing what she
wanted. Now, three months after coming of age she had already
started paying off a few debts. She knew what money was for and how
to use it. She had seen to it that an array of bankers, lawyers,
even salespeople at the fashionable stores she shopped in, had been
all sacked. She had made sure they all knew it was HER who had done
it to them and gloated at the misery it had caused them. One of her
favorite moments was when one of the lawyers responsible for
handling her trust fund came to her begging her not to have him
fired. He had a family with small children and he claimed he was
only doing his job when he had restricted access to her funds
during the past year. Laura sat imperiously as the man asked for
his job back then simply laughed in his face! She promised him he'd
never work in a major legal office in England again.
  A month ago she had contacted Mssr. Renault and inquired about
purchasing his very special services with respect to a young woman
who had made her life especially difficult for a number of years.
When Renault told her that his services were quite expensive she
merely laughed and assured him that in this particular case she was
prepared to go all out. Money was no object. That statement had
earned her an invitation to the Compound on Duri.

  As the twin propellers stopped turning, the plane was pulled
close to a small dock and secured. A worker opened the door and
reached out a hand to help Miss Buckley from the passenger seat.
Renault reflexively raised an appreciative eyebrow at the long legs
that swung out from the seat. As Laura stepped onto the dock the
worker handed her a glass of champagne then went to fetch her bags.
  "Welcome to Duri, Miss Buckley!" Renault beamed as he walked up
to the trim redhead and offered her his hand.
  "I hope this place is as good as you told me on the phone,
Renault." she countered, ignoring his hand and looking around. "It
looks like the middle of nowhere. Somehow I expected... more." she
sniffed and took a sip from her glass.
  "I assure you, this IS the middle of nowhere, Miss Buckley."
Renault countered. "This assures our privacy and our complete non-
interference from the outside world. We are virtually cut off from
everything here. Most countries don't even know we exist, and those
that do leave us alone. We are an independent nation. We make and
enforce our own laws. I assure you that we are in a position to
even EXCEED your own expectations in our business matter."
  "Where do I stay?" she asked, somewhat satisfied with his answer.
  "We have a special guest house to the west of the compound. I'm
sure you will be quite comfortable. As soon as you have settled in
and rested please join me for lunch on the veranda. I will be happy
to explain how things work here and take you on a little tour of
our facilities."
  Laura's own eyebrow lifted slightly at this. She had been looking
forward to a `tour' of this very special place ever since she first
found out about its existence. She let the large man who was
carrying her bags lead her to her quarters. As they walked she was
startled to hear what sounded like a moan off in the distance. Her
ears perked, listening as she walked. There it was again! It
sounded human, and oh so pathetic. Female. She glanced around
trying to find its source but couldn't locate it before they
arrived at the guest house. She decided that she'd only need a
short rest before joining Renault for lunch and asked the servant
to inform him that she'd be meeting with him in a half hour.
  Twenty-five minutes later Laura was stepping outside and heading
towards the main building. She had quickly showered in her
luxurious bathroom then slipped on a pair of tan hiking shorts and
a safari shirt. She also wore socks and a pair of hiking boots, as
she didn't know what might be crawling or slithering around in a
place like this, and she didn't relish finding out. 
  Renault was already seated and smiled as she approached. She
swayed her hips confidently as she walked, looking gorgeous in the
short tight hiking shorts she had intentionally selected. She kept
her ears tuned for the moaning sound she had heard earlier but was
disappointed to hear nothing but the sounds of birds and the wind
in the trees. "Oh well, soon enough" she thought as she climbed up
the three small steps and stood on the veranda.
  "You look stunning, Miss Buckley!" he gazed appreciatively at her
trim form. "Do you mind if I call you Laura?"
  "Only my friends call me Laura." she sneered at him. "This is a
business relationship Renault. I prefer Ms. Buckley, if you
please."
  Renault cleared his throat and moved his hands apologetically.
"As you wish Mizz Buckley" he said with a very slight emphasis on
the `Mizz'. She was a bitch alright, he noted as he watched her sit
and then deliberately cross her legs. He noticed that she was
intentionally giving him a good leg shot as she leaned back and
picked up her glass of champagne. Oh well, it was her money that
mattered. He inwardly felt a little sorry for whomever the poor
unfortunate was who had crossed her and prompted her need for his
special services. 
  "I hope you found your quarters acceptable, Ms. Buckley?" As she
nodded he picked up his own glass and continued:

  "A little history of Duri is in order Ms. Buckley. As you no
doubt already know, we operate this compound as a service to those
who can afford us. We've been in operation for a dozen years.
Everything we do here is legal, you see. We are a sovereign nation.
I bought the country from the last chief twelve years ago and since
then we have maintained, shall we say, very good relations with
both of our larger neighbors. They, in turn, assure us of our
privacy and leave us alone." 
  "The law here, Ms. Buckley, is MY law. I make the rules. I am the
`king' if you will. Whatever I say here goes and there is no
appeal. Once sentenced to the Compound, escape is impossible. Even
if one knew where to go they would have nearly a hundred miles of
dense jungle to cross. Only two inmates have ever tried it over the
years. One of them died horribly in the jungle, but the other was
caught and returned. Believe me, after seeing her punishment nobody
has ever tried again."

  Laura tried to look casual, but inside she was intensely
interested in this historical narrative. No escape was possible...
she felt comfort in hearing those words.
  "Another thing you may or may not know is that we have two
Compounds in Duri. They're about 10 miles apart and separated by a
dirt road. The second Compound is for our male inmates while this
one here is for our female inmates. The methods employed are
similar, yet different, for each special circumstance. If time
permits perhaps you might enjoy a tour of both facilities?"
  "No thanks, Renault. What you do, or have done to, those poor
bastards in the other facility is your own business. I'm interested
in this one right here. I'm anxious to see if you can come through
on your lofty promises."
  Before he could comment she cut him off and continued:
  "I don't just want revenge, Renault, I want SATISFACTION." She
practically hissed the last word. "I want the best, or actually the
worst, that money can buy for a certain bitch who needs a lesson
that neither she nor anyone else will ever forget. I could have her
killed, but that would be too simple. Much too easy. I want her
very much alive and punished to the extremes that you or I or
anyone could imagine. Then I want her taken beyond..."
  Renault cleared his throat to interrupt. "Yes, you mentioned that
it was a woman that you wanted to commit to our care. I am prepared
to take you on a tour of our facility so you can see for yourself
what she will be in store for. I'm sure you will approve. Before we
do that, however, we have to talk about money."
  "I told you, money is no object" she stared him right in the eye,
challenging him.
  "Still," he continued, "there are rates for various services. We
charge 100,000 pounds just for starters. That covers the cost of
picking her up and arranging for her to be delivered here. We are
very professional. Nobody will have the slightest clue where she
has disappeared to. She, herself, will be unable to tell exactly
where it is that she has been taken. After that we contract for a
specified period of time and a particular intensity of punishment.
Our minimum period of confinement is 6 months. You can contract for
a year, two years, even five years, but the cost is 500,000 pounds
per year and the payment is up front. You get to choose the types
of punishments to which she will be subjected. Once the money has
been delivered we will handle the rest. One important item, Ms.
Buckley - once we start we will complete the contract, no matter
what. We have never reneged on a contract and we never ever will.
Even if you were to have a change of heart and ask to cancel a one
year sentence after only six months we will carry through for the
FULL year. It's very important that you understand this in
advance."
  Laura's eyes widened and flashed some excitement.
  "Yessss" she hissed, leaning forward. This was all explained to
me earlier. What has been set in motion cannot be stopped... That's
just perfect...." She leaned forward a little and uncrossed her
legs.
  "I want to sentence this bitch to 20 years!"
  Renault was quiet for a moment. The longest term he'd contracted
for, ever, was for five years, and that was contracted by a
syndicate of men who had suffered tremendous financial losses due
to the treachery of a female employee. That unfortunate woman was
still serving her sentence. But twenty years!
  "Do you realize what you would be condemning this woman to, Ms.
Buckley?" Your hatred of her may abate in a year or two, but once
the process has been started there would be no way out for her.
And, as I explained, ALL of the money would be due up front." 
  "It's you who doesn't understand, Renault. I don't care about the
money. Twenty years at 500,000 pounds per year is 10 million
pounds. That's about 16 million dollars, and I don't have the
slightest idea how many francs. I can afford that, easily. As a
matter of fact, I'm prepared to pay you that amount today, PLUS
more, if necessary, for `extras'. I have some specific requirements
in mind and I'm sure I'll think of some others after the tour. I
want this bitch to have the FULL treatment, and more!"
  Renault nodded his head and steepled his fingertips together.
  "We can certainly handle any extras that you may desire. The 20
year term is also acceptable." He motioned behind her and then
smiled. "Let's have a little lunch before the tour."

  Laura heard some scuffling behind her. She saw Renault's smiling
eyes riveted on hers and resisted the temptation to turn around.
The scuffling got closer. She heard a sharp crack and then "Ohhhh!"
in a sobbing female voice. This time she turned around. What she
saw made her involuntarily squeeze her knees together and take a
sharp breath. Renault noticed her reaction and mentally filed it
away for future use.
  Moving across the veranda was a nude woman. She was crawling on
all fours and doing her best not to unbalance a tray that was on
her back. The tray was held in place by a small strap cinched
around her belly. On it were two filled glasses, two plates laden
with fruit, some silverware, and two napkins.
  Behind the crawling server was another woman. This one was
walking upright and dressed very provocatively in a miniskirt,
boots, and halter top. She carried a black crop in her hand and was
tapping it menacingly in her palm. As they got closer Laura was
able to see that the crawling woman had a series of welts on her
bare and reddened ass. Laura squeezed her knees tighter as she
counted over two dozen raised ridges on the bruised bottom. It was
obvious that she had been whipped terribly, and quite recently.
Most likely with that same crop and by the smiling young woman who
was now prodding her forward with threats of further punishment.
  "Ahhh! Here comes lunch now." Renault beamed. The nude woman
crawled up to them till she was right next to the table. Her head
was facing Renault and her hips were practically touching Laura's
right knee. The standing woman picked the contents of the tray up
and gently placed them on the table. She placed the crop on the
table next to Laura, then smiling, turned and walked away, leaving
the nude woman still kneeling next to the table.
  "This is Patricia." Renault reached his hand down and stroked the
crouched girl on the side of the neck.
  "Patricia has only been with us a short while. She used to be a
waitress at an exclusive Country Club in America. Like many
beautiful young girls she thought that her looks gave her the right
to be rude and nasty. She forgot that her job was to `serve' and
her conceited attitude made her many enemies. One of her patrons
made a harmless suggestion that they meet later that night for
drinks. She slapped his face and complained loudly that he had
propositioned her. This was a cause of great embarrassment to the
patron, as his wife was present in the room at another table. The
patron decided that Patricia needed a lesson in manners and further
training in how to serve her customers."
  "Patricia will be with us for a year. Her punishment has just
begun and will proceed at a faster pace in the next few weeks under
the careful hand if Miss Porter, who was the enchanting young lady
who accompanied her to our table. Oh, I see you are fascinated by
her welts."
  Laura realized she had been staring at the girl's ass during the
entire conversation. She looked up sheepishly and saw Renault
smiling at her.
  "Feel free to touch them. You may even add to them if you choose.
That's why the crop was left next to your plate." He gestured with
one hand while still rubbing Patricia's neck with the other.
  Laura looked back at the reddened behind then slowly reached a
hand forward and touched her fingertips to one of the welts.
Patricia gasped and shuddered. They were obviously quite tender.
Laura was intrigued with the warmth of Patricia's bottom. She
fondled both cheeks, eventually using both hands to cup them and
hold them. She picked up the crop and toyed with it a little, then
swung out and gave a vicious whack to the helpless bottom before
her. Patricia yelped and swiveled her hips to avoid a second hit.
Renault grabbed her face by the chin and pinched it between his
thumb and fingers. He looked at Laura and they both began eating
the fruits before them. He continued holding onto Patricia's face
with one hand while Laura gave her an occasional slap with the crop
as she ate.
  By the time they had finished, Patricia had been hit at least a
dozen more times. Miss Porter came and cleared the table,
depositing everything back on Patricia's tray. She then took the
crop and used it to lead her away, slapping at Patricia's ass as
she walked next to the crawling girl, and warning her not to drop
anything.
  "Well?" Renault asked, still holding onto his wine glass.
  "Not bad" Laura conceded. "For a start... A few weeks of that
might be an interesting start for my own bitch. Of course, she'd
have to be cropped much more thoroughly than Patricia."
  "Of course!" Renault beamed. "After all, you're paying for it."
  "Yes, I am. And don't forget that, Renault."

-----------------------------------------------------------------




                        "THE COMPOUND"

                    Part 2 - The Tour Begins

  After lunch, Renault led the way across the grounds towards the
large building next to the visitors' quarters. As they were walking
Laura heard the same moan that she had heard earlier when she had
first arrived. She looked at Renault and cocked her head
questioningly. He smiled and led her off to the left to the edge of
the jungle. He pushed away some ferns and motioned for her to
follow him as he stepped through and disappeared. 
  Laura went in right behind him. They only went a few paces when
they came to a small area that had been cleared away. In the center
of the clearing was the source of the moaning. 
  The ground had been completely cleared of grass. Lying there in
the middle of the clearing was the writhing form of a nude woman.
She had been spreadeagled and staked out on her back. Her arms and
legs were cruelly stretched so tightly that all she could do was
wiggle her fingers and toes and thrash her head and hips. And
wiggle them she did... Laura gasped audibly at the incredible
torment that the indecently spread woman must be experiencing. Her
milk white body was covered with what must have been hundreds of
insects. They were like black patches clumped around her pussy,
armpits, and both of her quivering breasts.
  Renault explained that she had been staked out like this since
morning. Honey had been applied at those places where he
particularly wanted the ants to congregate. The sweetness led them
there and once on those most tender of spots they drove the poor
woman half mad in torment. Those particular ants had tiny stingers
which they used to pinch and inject their venom into the warm white
skin of the helpless woman. For humans, the venom is quite mild,
however it does cause a maddening itch to develop around the area
of the sting which lasts for several days.
   "This is Ingrid. Please excuse her if she doesn't stand up, but
she's currently... err... preoccupied!" Renault seemed quite
pleased with his introduction. He clearly enjoyed his profession
immensely.
  Ingrid's hips were rotating as much as her tight bonds would
allow. Every second or third revolution she would strain them
upwards and tremble as her head moved back and forth in agony. Her
poor tortured breasts and nipples did not even have that much
freedom. She was blindfolded but when she heard their presence she
began to plead pitifully for release. Other than her little
stinging friends she was quite alone. Renault explained that one of
the matrons came by every hour or so to check on her and apply more
honey if necessary.
  "Ingrid was a notorious tease in Stockholm up until a few months
ago. That was when she had the misfortune to tease the wrong man.
A wealthy businessman whom she had toyed with and eventually made
a fool of decided to have the last laugh. It cost him a small
fortune but Ingrid will be our guest here for the next two years.
He specifically requested that her punishment be one of prolonged
and unendurable torment, and that she spend most of her waking
hours pleading. The ants were my idea. Like it?"
   "My God!" she gasped. "It's... It's unbelievable! How can she
stand that!" Laura involuntarily shuddered as she turned her head
away from the scene.
  "She has no choice" Renault offered. She'll be like that until
sundown. In another hour a matron will begin honeying her anus too.
I tell you, THAT'S when you'll see some REAL thrashing!" He licked
his lips as he surveyed the scene. "After tonight she'll be kept
tied on a cot in the main dormitory. The itching from the stings
will reach a peak tomorrow and, of course, she won't be allowed any
relief from that. In about five days the itching will finally begin
to stop. We'll play a few games with her and then the next morning
she'll be right back out here in this special clearing we've made
just for her, and the whole cycle will repeat. Over and over....
for the next two years..."
  Laura nearly choked but tried to maintain a calm exterior.
  "V-very ingenious, Renault. Th-this will do fine for my own
purposes too. So far you've managed to impress me."
  Renault bowed his head in acknowledgement, and motioned with his
open hand for Laura to follow him back to the compound. Before
leaving she took one last look back at the squirming nude woman on
the ground. "Yes, this'll do nicely... for starters..." she mumbled
to Renault, who merely smiled but did not look back himself.

  By this time Laura thought that nothing else she could see would
shock her. As soon as she entered the main building she found out
that she was wrong. She was immediately greeted by a high pitched
shriek and then a scampering sound made her snap her head to the
left. Another naked woman, this one a bit older than the first two,
came scampering over to them on her hands and knees. As soon as she
reached them she threw herself around Mssr. Renault's ankles and
began kissing his feet fiercely. She was sobbing and smooching
loudly on his shoes at the same time.
  "Say hello to our guest, Stacey." Renault said in a soft voice,
as if he were addressing a child.
  Stacey immediately released Renault's feet and proceeded to drape
herself around Laura's ankles, kissing them and licking for all she
was worth.
  "That's enough, Stacey. Show Ms. Buckley what you want."
  Stacey paused, her shoulders heaving for a moment. Suddenly she
flipped herself over onto her back, her legs spread as wide as she
could get them, her knees bent slightly. Laura looked in horror at
the woman's face. She was like a maniac. Her eyes were wild and her
mouth was wide open, sucking in huge gasps of air. Laura could see
that her naked pussy lips were swollen red and her inner thighs
were shiny with cum all the way down to her knees. Stacey had one
hand feverishly rubbing away at her gaping cunt as she looked up at
Laura and shivered.
  "Please! Watch me cum! I can do it, just wait! I'm cumming!! I'm
cumming!!! Ahhhhhhhhhhh!!!" Her whole body went board stiff but the
fingers on her right hand kept frigging madly. Finally she shrieked
and Laura could see the juices oozing out over her bare pussy lips
and dripping on the floor. She had a crazy look on her face as she
grabbed both of her nipples in her two hands and pulled and twisted
on them while she groaned and continued pumping her hips. When she
was finished she nearly collapsed on the floor, panting like a dog.
  A matron came up and shook her, giving her a large glass of what
looked like orange juice.
  "It's to keep her fluids up." Renault explained. She cums dozens
of times a day. She can't stop, or even help herself. Part of the
problem is the juice itself. It contains an extremely erotic
stimulant that takes effect almost immediately. Watch..."
  As they were watching, Stacey accepted the glass and downed it
all. Laura noticed that the matron who brought the glass also had
a nasty looking whip hanging from her wide leather belt. Laura
presumed that its mere presence commanded instant obedience from
her charges.
  After downing the juice, Stacey continued to pant and rest for
awhile. Suddenly her nostrils started flaring and she began to get
that same crazed look on her face. Both of her hands flew to her
still dripping pussy and she began rubbing for all she was worth.
  "Not now, you bad girl!" The matron admonished, taking her whip
off her belt and striking at Stacey's flying fingers.
  "I said not now!" A couple more hard whip stings on her fingers
and Stacey pulled them away from her pulsing cunt.
  "Get up, come on."
  Stacey was back up on her hands and knees. The matron slapped the
whip at her ass and led her over to the side of the room. There was
a short stool sitting there with a board leaning against it. The
board was about six inches wide and covered with white fur. Its
bottom was on the floor and top leaned against the top of the
little stool so that it was about a 30 degree angle with the floor.
The matron ordered Stacey to straddle the board and grab onto the
top edge with both hands. Stacey grunted happily and practically
jumped on, as if she were used to this routine. With her legs
straddling the board she now began humping the fur covered board
like crazy. She was half groaning and half laughing madly as she
rubbed her nipples and pussy against the inclined fur board at the
same time. The matron began lightly whipping her round buttocks as
she humped, at first lightly, but getting harder and harder as
Stacey's own rubbing strokes increased in frenzy.
  "Th-thaaaank you, Missstress... Ahhhh! Th-thaaaaank you!
Ooooohhh" She nearly slobbered the words, humping her nude body for
all it was worth.
  Renault noticed that Laura's own mouth was hanging open and she
hadn't said a single word. He appeared pleased with himself.
  "Stacey is the woman that I mentioned earlier. The one that the
syndicate had sentenced to five years? Well, she's just completing
her fourth year now. Only one more to go!" He chuckled as Stacey's
humping and grunting got more and more urgent.
  "She was full of pride and arrogance when she first arrived. It
didn't take long to turn her around. It never does. The syndicate
gets a videotape of her progress once a month. They seem especially
pleased with her progress. When her sentence is up she is to be
released to their custody. God only knows what they have in mind
for her then..."
  "My God!" Stacey whispered under her breath. Briefly she wondered
if somewhere in the other compound a male prisoner was being
subjected to the same sort of punishment right now. Stacey was just
reaching another orgasm. Perhaps her fifth of the day? Or her
tenth? Or her twentieth? Who knew? Laura shuddered but had trouble
pulling her eyes away from the pitiful sight. Renault noticed her
reaction and made another mental note.

  They passed into several other rooms where there were women of
various ages and nationalities being punished. Renault explained
that in most cases the client merely specified a term and an
intensity of punishment, as opposed to a specific regimen, which
was the case with first three unfortunate inmates they had seen. 
  In the next room they saw a Black woman with her arms stretched
and tied behind her. She was nude, of course, and seemed to be
leaning back against a slightly curved surface, like a large wheel.
He arms were pulled tightly back, which had the effect of jutting
her rather large breasts forward. Her well-muscled thighs were also
spread and pulled backwards, her ankles bound to the same anchor
point as her wrists. She was, in effect, supported on her back and
her bottom. Her nipples were huge, and her well-formed breasts were
pointing slightly upward. 
  Another matron stood before her with a short black riding crop.
She was whacking the crop against the tips of the bound woman's
brown nipples, causing her to moan in agony. Laura remarked on how
so many of the staff seemed to be women. Renault said that while
there were a number of men employed, he always felt that the best,
most knowledgeable torturer of a woman was another woman. Laura
tended to believe him as she saw the smug look on the woman
wielding the crop before her. Her teeth were clenched and she
smiled each time a flick of her wrist would send the bound Black
woman into contortions of agony.
  As it so happens, the next room contained a rather large and
good-looking man. He had a petite Chinese woman draped across his
lap in the classic spanking position. As his large hand descended
on her tiny ass it practically covered all of it. He was varying
the tempo and severity, but from the looks of her ass he had been
at it for quite awhile. The Chinese woman was sobbing
uncontrollably and twisting madly on the fellow's lap, trying to
avoid the blows. His big meaty left arm was draped around her as
his hand held her pinned at the waist. Again and again his right
hand slapped downward. Each loud crack of his palm was echoed with
a wail and a sob. He paused occasionally to grip both of her tiny
ass cheeks in his one hand and hold them still. Her red cheeks
looked shiny and you could almost feel the heat that must be
flowing through them. Most of the women were spanked daily, Renault
explained. As a matter of fact, Laura hadn't seen an ass yet that
wasn't either pink or welted. 
  
  Through one of the large windows Laura saw an amazing sight going
on just outside. Renault noticed her gaze and led the way outside.
A small spit had been set up over a set of coals. A young woman
with short-cropped blonde hair was lashed to the spit and being
twirled like a rotisserie over the coals. She was lashed tightly
with ropes, her back against the spit. About three feet from the
end the spit there was a rounded barb jutting out at a slight
angle. This barb was lodged tightly in the poor woman's anus and
Laura could see her squirming around on it as she twirled. It was
easy to see the rubbery ring of her anus sucking on the barb
because the woman's knees were folded up under her and spread wide
to expose both her skewered asshole and gaping hairless pussy to
the heat of the coals. Her medium sized tits dangled below her each
time she was rotated downward. She was gagged with a large apple.
  "Y-you'll kill her!" Laura said, shocked.
  "No..no..no, Ms. Buckley. We don't kill our inmates. It's much
more satisfying, and profitable, to keep them alive through their
entire sentence. This particular young lady was a real spoiled
brat. She spent most of her time sunning herself by the pool in her
string bikinis. Always working on her tan. Her spurned lesbian
lover had her sent here. She suggested this unique way for poor
Cheri here to work on her tan while serving her one year sentence.
The coals are not hot enough to do any permanent damage, but they
do heat her up enough so that you could practically fry an egg on
her rump. She also gets fucked at the end of the day by at least a
dozen of our male guards. Being a true lesbian, she doesn't get the
pleasure out of that that you might think. Quite the reverse..."
  They continued to gaze for awhile as Cheri was twirled over the
coals. The young man whose job it was to twirl the spit paused
occasionally and used a small basting brush to lightly brush the
woman's puffy cunt lips and erect clitoris. Renault particularly
enjoyed the sight of her anus as it appeared to grip and suck on
the tiny barb that impaled it. Although the apple effectively
gagged her, her eyes were large and pleading and spoke volumes...

  Renault led the way back inside for the last stop on their tour. 
  "This is my favorite stop of the day" he said eagerly, rubbing
his hands together as he nodded his head towards a door on the
left. He preceded her then held the door open and invited her
inside.
  It was a fairly small room. Laura saw a slender nude woman
kneeling and facing the far wall. A large man, her guard, sat on a
folding chair in the corner observing her. The woman wore only a
black leather belt. Her arms were at her sides and attached at the
wrists to her belt. Attached to the wall was an array of phalluses,
each spaced about two feet apart. They were an assortment of sizes,
shapes and colors, and mounted such that they were at chin height
to the kneeling woman. Laura looked closer and saw that the woman
was wearing knee pads. The kneeling woman did not acknowledge their
entry. She was preoccupied by the fellatio which she was giving the
second phallus from the left. From the licking and sucking sounds
she was making, and the bobbing of her head, Laura could see that
she was performing the act most eagerly and expertly.
  Laura moved a little closer and examined the phalluses. They were
remarkably life-like, complete with simulated veins and even a
little pee hole in the tip. Laura felt one and the silky smooth
latex over a stiff inner core made it feel quite authentic.
  "This is Margaret. She's a very proper Englishwoman. She has only
been with us about a month but she seems to be coming along quite
wonderfully. Her ex-husband complained that while they were married
she steadfastly refused to perform this most intimate act of love
and affection on him. She claimed it was dirty and disgusting. The
more he pleaded with her, the more she reviled him. It eventually
played a major part in the rather nasty breakup of their marriage." 
  "Several months after their divorce, Margaret's ex-husband
arranged with us to have her picked up and brought here for some
rather specialized training. Margaret spends eight hours a day,
every day, in this room giving the best fellatio she can to this
assortment of conveniently mounted dildoes. You'll notice some
rather nasty whip marks on her buttocks. Margaret is monitored
constantly and if she ever fails to maintain a level of enthusiasm
which we consider adequate, she is pilloried in the main yard and
whipped for a full fifteen minutes. At the next meal break each
woman in the compound is informed of Margaret's failure and then
ordered to bend over to receive twenty hard strokes with a cane.
  Margaret is left on display in the pillory for the next hour
while her bruised companions are encouraged to demonstrate to her
just how much they appreciate being caned due to her failure. It is
an ordeal she has gone through several times and will do anything
to avoid repeating. For this reason she spends her day moving from
phallus to phallus, at her guard's command, giving the best, most
enthusiastic head she is capable of. At any time, any one of the
male guards at the compound is allowed to drop in for a visit. She
is expected to accommodate him eagerly and expertly, or suffer the
consequences. If you'll pardon my rudeness, Ms. Buckley, the sight
of her right now is making me truly uncomfortable..."
  Laura's eyes widened as she saw Mssr. Renault unzip his trousers
and pull his semi-hard penis out through the fly. Margaret
immediately abandoned the phallus she was working on and turned to
kneel before him. She didn't have the use of her hands so she
leaned her head forward a bit and took a light swipe at his penis
with her pointed pink tongue. Renault groaned once and his penis
immediately sprung into full hardness.
  Laura was amazed that she was expected to stand there and watch
as Renault received a blowjob from one of his prisoners. His eyes
closed to slits and he inhaled and exhaled through his teeth.
Margaret was alternately licking all around his penis and taking
the entire thing in her mouth. She would bear down till her lips
were at the base of his shaft and then lightly shake her head like
a dog. As she pulled her head back she let her lips rub over his
veined penis like a windshield wiper on wet glass. Her tongue
snaked out and caressed the underside of his penis and lightly
licked at the glans under its head. As Renault continued to moan
she wrapped her lips just around the head of his penis and held it
there while she watched him for a reaction. She was actually
massaging it just behind the head with her lips and she looked for
the telltale signs of his impending orgasm. When she saw him begin
to stiffen she bore down harder on his cock, milking it with her
lips for all she was worth.
  Renault gave a gurgling sound and went stiff as a board. He
started pumping his seed into the greedy mouth of the kneeling
woman, who gobbled it up like it was nectar, gulping it down and
trying to milk more from each spasm. When he finally finished
pumping she cleaned him all off with her tongue. Without another
word she turned and immediately resumed fellating the next phallus
on the wall.
  "My apologies for what must seem like rude behavior, Ms. Buckley,
but I really needed that! And besides, I AM the king!" He snickered
as he arranged himself and zipped up his fly.    
  Laura stared at him disbelievingly and just shook her head as he
smiled and guided her out of the room. Once they had departed the
room he continued:
  "At the end of her sentence Margaret will probably be the best,
most experienced cock-sucker in the world. When she is returned to
her ex-husband and his friends it will be made clear to her that
any failure to live up to that expectation will result in her being
returned for a much longer and more severe sentence. She's seen
some of the other girls' agonies and knows that if we want her,
nothing will prevent us from getting her. She doesn't even know
exactly where she is right now." Renault shook his head slightly
and looked sad. "It's a pity that she'll only be with us for six-
months. We're all getting used to visiting her every day and her
improvement in technique has been remarkable! Perhaps I should see
about replacing her when her time is up..."
  As they were walking back through the building Laura was able to
glimpse Cheri through the large window, still twirling on her spit.
All around her were the sights and sounds of women being punished.
As Renault led the way to the front door she could see Stacey off
in a corner, still humping away madly at her fur-lined board,
rubbing her tits on it at the same time and grunting like a bitch
in heat. Was this still the same orgasm she was working on? Was it
her 10th?... her 20th?...

-----------------------------------------------------------------




                            "THE COMPOUND"

                          Part 3 - The Contract


  Renault led the way across the compound and back up to the table
on the veranda that they had lunched at earlier. He invited Laura
to be seated. When they were both comfortable he clasped his hands
together on the table and fixed his gaze upon her. 
  "I hope you enjoyed the tour, Ms. Buckley. There's a lot more
going on here but I'm sure you've seen enough by now to realize
that we are quite capable of meeting your requirements."
  Laura paused for a moment to collect her thoughts. She was
looking down at her own hands.
  "Yes. Yes, Renault. I'm quite ahhh... satisfied with what I've
seen."
  "Wonderful! I hate to bring up an old subject again, but after
witnessing with your own eyes how severe our punishments are, are
you sure you still want to condemn this poor woman to 20 years? I
mean, you saw what Stacey was like after only four years. Remember
that once started, there will be no reprieve..."
  "Yes I'm SURE, Renault." Laura snapped at the man. "This bitch
deserves whatever she gets! In addition, I mentioned that I have
some other requirements..."
  Renault seemed genuinely interested in what she had to say.
  "I want this bitch to really suffer. Understand?" she pulled a
sheet of paper from a pocket in her shorts. "Here is a sheet of
names and addresses. It contains a long list of the people that she
has wronged over the past four years. Most of them have lost their
jobs because of her nastiness and bad-temper. They range from store
clerks to bankers. There's a young lawyer on the list who was
particularly hurt by her." She paused again and took a deep breath. 
  "I want her punishment to be documented and recorded on video. I
want her to KNOW that each month copies are being sent to every
person on that list. I want her to KNOW that they are watching her
get her just rewards and delighting in her degradation. I want her
to KNOW that somewhere back in England they're all laughing at her
as she squirms in your compound. Condemned... No reprieve..."
  "When her sentence is up, twenty years from now, she is to be
sold to the lowest and basest bordello you can find, to be used as
a common whore. Any money you receive for her will be yours."
  Renault just stared at her. The depth of her vindictiveness
towards this woman seemed limitless. He pulled a sheet of paper
from his inside jacket pocket and placed it on the table before
her. He took a pen from his shirt pocket and placed it on top of
the sheet.
  "All that you have said, we will do. You must fill out this
document for us. It lists the name of the person and the term of
incarceration. Your signature is also required. In Duri, this will
be a legal document. As soon as we receive your payment we will
arrange to have her picked up and brought here. You will be
informed as soon as she arrives."
  Laura took another piece of paper from her shorts and placed it
on the table in front of Renault.
  "I don't have the time to wait, Renault. I've already taken the
liberty of having 15 million pounds placed in a numbered Swiss
account. Here is the number of the account and the password. All it
will take is a phone call from you to confirm that the money is
there. You can have it re-deposited in your own account in the same
call."
  Renault's eyebrows lifted in amazement. He snapped his fingers
and called for a telephone to be brought to the table. Almost
immediately they heard the scuffling sounds of their earlier
waitress crawling towards the table. She had a cordless telephone
on the tray on her back. She crawled up to the table, this time
with her bare bottom facing Renault and her head facing Laura.
Laura saw her breasts dangling below her as she crouched. The poor
girl lifted her face for a moment and caught Laura's gaze, then
quickly lowered it to stare at the floor. Laura had seen tears in
the girl's eyes. Were they tears from a recent whipping, or tears
of shame? As Renault dialed Geneva, Laura took the pen and began
filling out the form. She could hear Renault's pleased voice as he
confirmed the availability of funds and conducted the transfer to
his own personal account. Laura looked at the girl again, and took
a deep breath. She completed the form and signed it, replacing the
pen on the table.
  "Excellent!" Renault beamed. The transfer has been completed and
confirmed. We will arrange to have our newest inmate picked up
immediately. He reached for the form. 
  Laura took a ragged breath and lowered her gaze to her hands,
which were folded on the table. Renault took the form and read it.
  "Wait a minute, there must be a mistake. You are to put the name
of the prisoner on this line here. You've written in your own name
by mistake."
  "It's no mistake, Renault. I am the one to be sentenced to your
prison. I've thought about this for over a year, since I first
found out about The Compound. It is something that has gnawed at me
day and night until it became an obsession. I don't like what I've
become. I've hurt too many people. I need to pay for my crimes of
pride."
  Renault was dumbfounded. "But... but 20 years? The videos, the.."
  "Enough, Renault!" she interrupted him. "I know what I'm doing.
I know what I want, and it's MY money!"
  Renault motioned to one of his guards, who brought him over a
small seal. It was an embossing-type device, like a notary's seal.
He picked up the document, signed it himself, then used the device
to imprint the official seal of the Republic of Duri.
  "What's done is done," he said slowly, "... and cannot be
undone."
  Laura felt an uncontrollable shiver run through her as he fixed
his gaze upon her. It was different, somehow. Gone was the
accommodating salesman. In its place was a severity that made her
catch her breath.
  "Stand up, MIZZ Buckley." He emphasized the MIZZ with a sneer.
  Laura hesitated a moment and looked around. There were two burly
guards standing nearby. She was alone. Nobody knew where she was.
In accordance with Renault's instructions she had merely flown to 
the city of Monrovia, in Liberia. She was met there and given a set
of forged papers with which she flew to Abidjan, in the Ivory
Coast. A car met her at the airport and took her on a two hour
drive to a large lake about 50 miles inland. From there the sea
plane took her to her unknown destination.
  She slowly rose to her feet. So this was it. The beginning. She
felt goosebumps on her upper arms.
  "Remove all of your clothes, Laura." She was expecting this but
she still trembled as her hands reached for the buttons on her
safari shirt. She noticed the Renault had begun calling her by her
first name.... just like the others, she thought.
  While Laura was stripping, Renault picked up the sheet of paper
she had provided that contained the list of names. 
  "My my, such a long list!" he chuckled. As he folded the paper
back up he looked at Laura. "But I'm sure we can accommodate you."
He watched her removing her shirt. "As a matter of fact, with a
little research I'm sure we can even expand on this list quite a
bit!"
  He laughed again as he put the paper in his jacket pocket for
safe keeping. By this time Laura had her safari shirt off and lying
on the back of her chair. He stared intently as she reached behind
her and unclasped her bra. It fell onto her arms, revealing a very
nice set of tits, firm, with large nipples. She glanced up only
slightly before unbuttoning her hiking shorts. After unzipping them
she began tugging them down over her hips. It took a bit of effort
due to their tightness, but soon she had them down past her knees
where they dropped to the ground. In her excited state she had
forgotten to remove her hiking boots first and she tried in vain to
get the shorts off over them. With her shorts around her ankles she
had to bend over and begin unlacing her boots. She could feel her
thin white panties stretched tightly across her ass. She wondered
if anyone were looking at it as she removed her boots one at a
time, then pulled off her white athletic socks.
  She stood upright and stepped out of the left leg of her shorts.
She lifted her right ankle and used her left hand to remove the
shorts from it. She didn't know why she did it but she bunched up
the shorts and tossed them on the table in front of Renault. His
face seemed both angry and amused at the same time, if that were
possible.
  Laura was left standing wearing only a brief pair of white
panties. They were high cut at the leg and had a little flower
pattern on the front. She hooked her thumbs in the waistband and
paused a moment, as if readying herself mentally.
  "If you ever hesitate again to obey a command you will be
punished beyond anything you could ever imagine." Renault warned in
a low, deadly voice. "Now remove the panties."
  Laura's hands trembled slightly as she tugged the flimsy white
material over her hips. As with the shorts she lifted her ankle and
removed the panties. This time, however, she merely placed them on
the chair. She'd seen that look on Renault's face and decided it
might not be wise to toss them at him as she had done with the
shorts.
  She stood there completely naked, for the first time, in the
Compound at Duri. She didn't know what to do with her hands so she
clasped them together in front of her, covering her pussy.
  "Put your hands at your sides." Renault commanded. She obeyed.
  Renault pointed to the thin covering of reddish-blonde pubic
hair.
  "You will remove that hair. It will be your responsibility every
morning to make sure you are completely shaved and smooth down
there. If I ever find any stubble, you will be forced to grow it
long again. You don't want that to happen, because when it reaches
the appropriate length you will be hung upside down by it and
shaken until every last follicle has been pulled out. Do you
understand?"
  "Yes." she said weakly.
  "You will address me as `Monsieur'. You will address any male
guard as `Sir", and you will address any female guard as
`Mistress'. Do you understand?"
  "Yes, Monsieur."
   Renault stood up and came around the table till he was directly
in front of her.
  "Very nice" he murmured. "Turn around slowly." Laura obeyed,
slowly turning to display her lean legs and tight, white ass. It
was firmly muscled and flawless. The thought came to her that right
now she might have the only unblemished ass of any inmate in the
Compound. Renault would take care of that detail very shortly.
  She completed her slow turn and stopped. She held Renault's gaze
for a moment, then let it drop. Her impudence amused him.
  "So, you think this is just another adventure, do you? I assure
you it is real. You can't fulfill your need for self-debasement to
your satisfaction and then walk away when you are satisfied. For
that you could have hired any one of a thousand Masters or
Mistresses in London. No, this is The Compound, and you are MINE
for 20 years! You will scream, you will cry, but above all you will
beg! You will be my masterpiece! You will be the one that the other
prisoners look upon with pity. You have a proud, defiant attitude
right now, but like Stacey you will soon be changed. YOU will be
the one I show to prospective customers. You will hear their
laughter or their pity as you are displayed in your shame and your
agony. You will be the one I think about at night before I go to
bed and the one I think about each morning when I first awake."
  Laura began to tremble. She was visibly shaken by his words.
  "Yes! Tremble!" he laughed cruelly. "You have a lot to be fearful
of!"
  He hooked his thumbs in his belt under his jacket and smiled at
the trembling nude woman. Then his face turned hard once again.
  "Get down on the ground, flat on your belly."
  Without hesitating, Laura dropped to the ground. She stretched
out on the wooden floor of the veranda. The wood felt oddly cool
and there was a little sand on it. It tickled her slightly and for
some odd reason she felt wet between her legs.
  You will crawl just like that, down the steps, and across the
compound to the main building. You will enter it and ask for
Mistress Shelley. She's a small blonde girl, a year or two younger
than you are, and one of my rising stars. You will kiss her feet
and beg her to whip your impudent ass till you are crying
uncontrollably. You will use those exact words. If you allow your
nipples to leave the ground for any reason during your crawl, or if
you fail in the slightest way to carry out my orders you will be
placed in a set of stocks and bullwhipped. Do you understand?"
  "Y-yes, Monsieur!" Laura's voice was shaking, but she immediately
turned and headed down the stairs, head first. It was a chore to
keep her nipples touching the steps at all times but she was
petrified of disobeying. Her legs parted as she slid down the
steps, exposing a rear view of her pussy to her audience. When she
reached the bottom step she set off crawling across the dusty
ground towards the main building. She used her arms to pull herself
along, raising her body as little as possible from the ground. The
tingling of her nipples and pussy as they were both dragged along
the ground began to get her very aroused, in spite of her fear. The
degradation of what she was doing to herself seemed almost an
erotic stimulant. Her crotch got wetter and wetter as she crawled,
feeling the cool air on her backside.
  Mssr. Renault walked behind her, taunting her as she crawled:
  "This is the way you will get wherever you are going, from now
on! If you're good I may allow you up on all fours like a dog!
After Shelley gets through with you, she will clip a leash around
your neck and lead you on all fours to your bunk in the main
dormitory. She will supervise you as you clean yourself and then
shave your pussy. She will be in charge of you and will administer
punishment whenever she sees fit, so beware, she has a very cruel
streak!"
  Laura's vision was blurred by the tears welling in her eyes.
Tears, just like she had seen on the poor unfortunate girl who
brought the telephone. In spite of her tears, her pussy was still
on fire with lust!
  "You'll be fed from a bowl on the floor and put to bed for a good
night's rest. This afternoon we will begin making another clearing
in the jungle for you near Ingrid! If you listen you can hear her
moaning right now... Don't worry, there'll be plenty of ants
left for you tomorrow, and the day after that, and the day after
that! I think I'll keep you there for the first couple of months at
least. Shelley will enjoy honeying you up! When I finally tire of
that I've got a few other ideas in mind for you! 
  The thought of herself sharing Ingrid's torment made Laura shiver
from head to toe and sob as she crawled. Still, she was so damned
horny! She'd have to find a way to masturbate herself tonight. She
was sure she'd be able to find a way. She was pretty sure...





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dr. Phil


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





