BDSM Library - The Bet




The Bet
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The bet was could I seduce Tom.  I was willing to do anything to win but things didn't turn out quite as I expected.
The Bet
by Petrina




The Bet

I  knew from the first time I saw Tom that I wanted him. He was tall and
blond  with big brown eyes like melted chocolate. His T-shirt clung just
enough  to  show  he  had  a great body and when I sneaked a look at his
crotch  his  jeans  seemed more than adequately filled. I caught his eye
and  walked  over to him, swinging my hips as sexily as I could. Someone
made vague introductions and I held out my hand. As he shook it I took a
deep  breath  to  enhance  my  cleavage  and  ran  the  tip of my tongue
provocatively over my lips.

`I'm  Petrina.'  I  said,  leaning towards him. `I don't think we've met
before.'

`I  know  we haven't.' he replied, smiling at me. `I'm sure I would have
remembered  you.' I laughed appreciatively and felt his eyes run over my
body.  When  he  looked  back into my eyes I could almost see the sparks
flying.  Then  just  as things were going so well Jane came up. I was at
school  with Jane and I didn't like her at all. She's one of those girls
who gush all over you to your face and bitch about you behind your back.
She  slipped her hand possessively through Tom's and looked suspiciously
at me.

`Hi  Petrina,  how  lovely  to  see  you,'  she  said.  `Have you met my
boyfriend Tom.'

`Oh  yes,' I answered sweetly. I placed my hand on Tom's arm and brushed
my lips gently across his cheek. `Bye Tom.' I said and sashayed away. It
was  a  shame  but  I wasn't going to hang around watching Jane drip all
over him.

A  few nights later I was at a girl's night in with some of my mates. Of
course we spent most of the time drinking and talking about men. My best
friend Tara is a great laugh but useless when it comes to men. If one as
much  as  smiles  at  her  she  goes bright red and runs in the opposite
direction.

`It's just a matter of attitude,' I told her, slightly slurring my words
due to the drink. `If you act sexy and confident you can get any man you
want.'

`Come off it, `Trina.' Tara protested. `It's not that easy.'

`Course  it is.' I proclaimed with the blind confidence only the drunken
have. `I bet you I can have any man I want.'

`Really?'  asked  Sarah,  another  girl  I  don't like. She thinks she's
prettier  than she is and she as jealous as hell of me because I get all
the men she wants. `I'll take that bet.'

`What?' I asked, slightly confused by the turn of the conversation

 `I bet you can't get any man you want. I get to choose the man though.'

`Are  you  for  real?'  I queried. After all even for Sarah it was a bit
weird behaviour.

`Yep.' she answered. `I'll bet a hundred pounds.'

`Make it five and I'll take the bet,' I said flippantly.

`Done!'  the crazy woman said. I blinked at her in disbelief. She had to
be insane, but five hundred pounds isn't to be sneezed at.

`It  has to be someone I want,' I stipulated cautiously. `Not some gross
guy  you  drag  out  of no where. And no one else is to know that it's a
bet, especially not the man.'

`Ok, I pick Tom. You were telling us earlier that you fancied him. He'll
be  at  that  fancy  dress party Dave's having this weekend. You get him
into bed and you win five hundred pounds.'

`What  if  she looses?' Tara asked, bless her. I was dying to know but I
didn't want to look less than confident.

`She  has  to  stand  on a table in the middle of the pub every Saturday
night  for  a  month, just before closing time, and say `I'm a desperate
ugly  slag  who'll  fuck  anything  in  trousers only no one fancies me'
Naked.' Sarah sat back looking pleased with herself.

`But  don't  you usually do that. Oh no, silly me, it's Friday night you
get up and say that.' I said and the rest of the girls laughed.

`Yeah,  very  funny,'  Sarah  snarled. `Now let's get this in writing. I
don't  want  you trying to back out in the morning claiming you were too
drunk to know what you were doing.'

Sarah  may be annoying but she was right about one thing. When I woke up
the next afternoon and saw the bet written out in ink I did think I must
have  been  too  drunk to know what I was doing. Still I wasn't going to
give  Sarah  the  satisfaction  of me begging to cancel the bet. I would
just  have to do the best I could. There were two things in my favour. I
knew Tom found me attractive, I could tell by the way that he had looked
at  me.  He  would  have  been  going  out  with Jane for three weeks by
Saturday  night. It was long enough for the novelty to have worn off and
the true horrors of her personality to manifest themselves.

I  had  to  have  a  costume  that  brazenly  said `fuck me'. After some
searching  I found something that would do the trick. There were still a
couple  of days to go until the party. As the party got closer my nerves
were  stretched  to breaking point. I lay awake at night thinking up new
ways  to  seduce  Tom and when I eventually fell asleep I had nightmares
where I lost the bet and had to humiliate myself in front of everyone. I
didn't  know  whether  to  be relieved or petrified when the party night
finally arrived.

I  took  my time getting ready. I had a long bath with plenty of oils in
the  water.  I  carefully  removed  every  strand of excess body hair. I
smoothed  scented  cream  over  my entire body and was generous with the
matching  body  spray.  The  last thing I wanted was to put him off with
repulsive  body  odour. There was a time and place to get hot and sweaty
and  the start of an evening wasn't that time. I piled my hair on top of
my  head  with  plenty  of  escaping  wisps to curl on my neck. I didn't
overdo  the  make-up  but used just enough to emphasise my blue eyes and
full mouth. Finally all I had to do was get dressed.

First  I pulled on a lacy black g-string. It was so flimsy it was almost
transparent.  Next  I  added  black  stockings. I'd chosen hold ups as I
hated  messing  with suspender belts and I'd yet to meet a man who could
successfully  remove  one.  Then I put on the black dress. It was a thin
silky  material  that felt wonderful as it glided down over my body. The
neck  was  scooped out low with loose elastic. It hugged my body tightly
to  my  hips, then flared out into a short skirt that didn't quite cover
my stocking tops. On top of it I put a black leather bodice. It laced up
in  front  and acted like a corset, pushing my breasts high. I'm too big
busted  to  not wear a bra when I'm going to be dancing. The bodice gave
me a great cleavage and pushed my breasts up so that the neckline of the
dress  was only an inch or so above my nipples. High black heels, a tiny
white  apron  and a feather duster were the final touches. I didn't look
like  any maid that would be hired by a respectable hotel but I did look
like the kind of maid men fantasised about.

I paraded in front of my mirror to see if I had achieved the effect that
I'd  hoped for. The black made my skin look creamier and provided a nice
contrast to my dark red hair. When I twirled around the skirt flared out
showing  teasing  glimpses  of  my  hips.  I  practised bending over and
couldn't  decide  which  angle  gave the best view. From behind my skirt
rode  up  exposing  the  curves  of my bottom. The black strip of the g-
string  led  the  eye  down  between my legs. My pussy lips were clearly
outlined  under  the lacy material. From the front my top gaped open and
my  breasts  swung  into  view, the nipples clearly visible. Satisfied I
looked as sexy as I could manage I waited for Tara to pick me up.

By  the time we arrived the party was in full swing. If I had any doubts
about  my  appearance  the  male  reactions  soon  dispelled them. I was
bombarded   with   appreciative   looks,   groping  hands  and  intimate
suggestions.  Thoroughly  enjoying  myself  I  almost  forgot  why I had
dressed  so brazenly. Then while Dave was pouring me a drink Tom came up
with Jane attached like a limpet to his arm.

`Do  you  all know each other?' Dave asked in his usual amiable fashion.
`Petrina, this is Tom, his girlfriend Jane and his flatmate Nick.'

`Petrina  and I have met briefly.' Tom said, smiling as his eyes took in
my  costume. He had come as a pirate, his open shirt giving me a glimpse
of  chest  hair.  Jane seemed to be covered in something pink and fluffy
but  what  she was supposed to be I never bothered finding out. Nick was
wearing a Zorro costume. He wasn't as well built as Tom, tending towards
the  long  lean  look, but he was attractive enough. His mask gave him a
mysterious  look and emphasised his bright blue eyes. He was busy giving
me the once over, his eyes not missing an inch.

`Oh  good,'  Dave  said.  `Petrina  was my girlfriend before we met so I
wasn't sure if you knew each other. It's a small world, isn't it.'

`You seem on remarkable good terms for ex-partners,' Nick observed. Dave
laughed good-naturedly.

`Oh  we're  still  good  friends. No boiling family pets for us. We just
found that apart from sex there wasn't much else we actually liked doing
together.  And no matter how great the sex is you can't spend your whole
life in bed.'

`The  sex  was  great,  was  it?'  Tom  asked,  his eyes repeating their
examination of my body.

`Best  I've  ever  had,  that's  for sure,' Dave answered. I gave Tom my
sexiest  smile, pleased with Dave's artless remarks. As the evening wore
on I tried my best to stay in Tom's vicinity. Nick unwittingly helped me
by  asking  me  to  dance  several  times. I could feel Tom's eyes on me
almost  constantly.  I  took  every  opportunity  available to flaunt my
charms for his benefit. I several times bent over and when I danced with
Nick  I  pressed  close  to his body, making no objection when his hands
found their way onto the bare skin of my bottom.

Jane  had been sticking to Tom like a barnacle all evening but at last I
saw her heading for the toilet queue. Seizing the chance I sashayed over
to  Tom  and  asked him to dance. He didn't need a second invitation and
eagerly  followed  me. The number of couples packed into the small dance
area  was excuse enough for me to press my body close against the length
of  his.  His  leg  slipped between mine and we swayed to the music, our
hips  moving  together.  He slid his hands up the backs of my thighs and
onto  the exposed skin of my bottom. He cupped my cheeks firmly, pulling
me  tighter  against  him.  I  could  feel the unmistakable bulge of his
aroused  cock  throbbing against me. I wriggled encouragingly against it
and  heard  him  give a muffled groan. He buried his face in my neck his
warm  breath stirring the short hairs and creating a current of arousal.
All  too soon the song ended and the couples around us dispersed. With a
reluctant sigh he released me. Before he had chance to say anything Jane
appeared at his elbow stabbing me with a suspicious glare.

`Let's  go home, Tom,' she commanded. `I've had enough.' Horrified I saw
Tom  give me a regretful smile and turn to follow her. Desperation wiped
my  mind  blank  and I stood there speechless watching Tom walk away and
take  my  chance of winning the bet with him. A touch on my elbow roused
me  from my stupor and I turned to see Nick smiling down at me, his eyes
glinting through the mask.

`Looks like I'm leaving,' he told me. `We shared a car here. It's been a
pleasure  meeting  you.'  At  his  words  my mind started working again.
Visions  of  the  humiliation  I  would  have to endure at Sarah's hands
flashed  through my mind and I knew I couldn't just give up. I gave Nick
my most seductive smile.

`Do  you  have  to  leave  me?'  I asked, pouting. `You've been the best
partner I've had all evening.' I could see the thoughts churning through
his head and hoped I hadn't made my hint for an invitation too subtle.

`Would  you  like  to  come  back  to  the  flat?'  he  asked. `We could
experiment with some different kinds of partnerships.'

`I'd  love  to,'  I answered enthusiastically. I tucked my hand into his
and  followed  him  out to the car. The evening wasn't over yet and if I
was  under the same roof as Tom I still had a chance to win the bet. Tom
was driving so I climbed in the back with Nick. I could see Tom watching
me in the mirror so I gave Nick all the encouragement I could.

My  hand roamed over his crotch in search of his cock until he guided it
to  the  growing bulge. I leant in for a passionate kiss as he pushed my
top down to uncover my breasts. As he began stroking my nipples I moaned
loudly and opened my mouth for his tongue. Out of the corner of my eye I
could  see  Tom's  gaze riveted to the mirror and arched my back to give
him  a  better  view  of  my  breasts. Nick was doing a good job with my
nipples  and  when  he  lowered his head and began sucking them I didn't
have  to  fake  the groan of delight. I squirmed as he tugged on my hard
nipple,  grazing  it  against  his  teeth.  I  gave  him  all  the vocal
encouragement  I  could and pressed as much of my breast as I could into
his warm wet mouth. I've always had extremely sensitive breasts and Nick
had  obviously  had  some  experience as he handled them like an expert.
While  his mouth was busy with one nipple his fingers stroked and tugged
the other nipple to keep both of them tingling with arousal.

I  didn't realise the car had stopped until I felt the cold draught from
the  door.  Tom  tilted  his seat forward to let me out. I pulled my top
partly back up but as I leant forward it dropped down again. I pretended
not  to  notice  and  let  Tom  get  a  good  look.  Jane  doesn't  have
particularly  big breasts and I had a feeling that Tom liked them large.
Mine  are  already  generous  and  with  the bodice pushing them up they
looked  even bigger. My nipples were hard from Nick's attentions and the
cold air.

As  I  shifted  forward  on  the  seat  my  skirt rode up and managed to
distract  Tom's  gaze.  His  eyes  fixed  on  the  exposed skin above my
stockings.  As  I  climbed  out  of  the car I spread my legs as wide as
possible, giving Tom a glimpse of my lace covered pussy. I could see his
cock  growing  under the flimsy material of his trousers until it was so
noticeable  he  had to adjust it. I made sure he knew I was watching and
when  he  looked  slightly  embarrassed  gave  him a wink. His momentary
surprise  was  soon  replaced  by a sexy grin and he reached forward and
pulled my top back over my breasts, making sure the backs of his fingers
rubbed  against my nipples. I arched my back and thrust my chest forward
to increase the contact, looking deep into his eyes as I did so. I don't
know  what  he would have done next but Jane gave an impatient call from
the  doorstep and he reluctantly turned away. I was still hopeful that I
might win my bet. He knew beyond a doubt that I wanted him and I knew he
was  definitely  interested.  Also  Jane  was being a pain and obviously
irritating him. I felt quite pleased with myself as I followed Nick into
the house.

No  one  wasted much time on polite nonsense about cups of coffee. I had
both  men so turned on they only had one thing on their mind. Tom pulled
Jane  into  his  bedroom  as I followed Nick into his. I could hear Jane
complaining  as the doors closed. Alone with Nick I tried to concentrate
my attention on him while still straining to hear any interesting noises
from  Tom's  bedroom.  The  bedroom was mainly taken up with a king-size
bed.  Nick was rapidly shedding his clothes and I moved to help him. Our
fingers  tangled in his trousers but somehow they slid down and his cock
sprang  out.  I  sank to my knees and slid it into my mouth. Nick gave a
groan  and  sank  down onto the bed. I ran my finger along the throbbing
vein pulsing in his cock and followed it with a long lick. No matter how
many  cocks  I  see I still find them fascinating. This one was long and
pink, slightly on the thin side with a slight bend to it. I could hear a
faint  rhythmic  thump coming from Tom's bedroom and decided it was time
Nick and I made as much noise as possible.

I  stepped  back  from the bed and shimmied out of my clothes as quickly
and as sexily as I could. Nick watched me with great interest, devouring
me  with  his  eyes. When I was clad in just my stockings he reached out
and pulled me to him. I willingly straddled him and slowly eased down so
his  cock  slid  into  my  cunt.  I  was  slick with pussy juices and he
penetrated  me  easily.  I  adjusted my knees on the bed to gain maximum
leverage and began to ride him. His cock felt good sliding in and out of
my  cunt and the curve seemed to make it touch places other cocks rarely
reached.  I rotated my hips to create maximum sensation. He was renewing
his attentions to my breasts and I encouraged him loudly. I moved faster
and  faster  as  I  heard  the  pace  of his breathing increase. I began
gasping  and  moaning,  clenching  my cunt tight around his cock. Within
moments  he  came  and  I  gave  my best imitation of an orgasm, yelling
loudly to make sure Tom heard.

Nick  considerately  gave  me some tissue to clean up with and I settled
down  next  to  him  on the bed. From the next-door bedroom I could hear
angry voices that led to feet thudding down the stirs and the front door
slamming behind an obviously annoyed Jane. Nick's breathing slowed as he
drifted  off  to sleep but I lay awake still hoping I would get a chance
to win my bet.

Soon I heard the sound of a door opening and footsteps going downstairs.
I  slipped  carefully  out  of  bed so as not to wake Nick. I scooped up
Nick's  discarded  shirt  and  slipped  it  on, fastening the middle two
buttons.  It  barely  covered my bottom and the top gaped open to show a
satisfactory  amount of cleavage. I crept stealthily down the stairs and
headed  into the kitchen. I was unsure exactly where Tom was and looking
for  a  glass  of water seemed to be a plausible reason for me wandering
around.

As  I  entered  the  kitchen  I glimpsed out of the corner of my eye Tom
slumped  in a chair. Giving no sign that I had seen him I crossed to the
cupboards. He didn't speak so I decided to give no sign that I was aware
of his presence. I stretched up to the cupboards, feeling the shirt rise
up. I bent from the waist to examine the contents of the lower cupboards
knowing  that Tom was getting a good view. I moved as slowly as possible
but  eventually  I  found the glasses. I selected one and filled it from
the  tap.  I lent against the counter-top and drank greedily so that the
water  spilt  down  my  chin  and  ran down my chest to disappear in the
shadows between my breasts. I followed its track with a finger, widening
the opening of the shirt. Still Tom made no sound or movement. Wondering
what  to  do  to  provoke him I undid the buttons and let the shirt gape
open. I cupped my breasts in my hands and partly closed my eyes, tilting
my head back. I rubbed my thumbs across my nipples and gave a whimper as
they  hardened. Through the open slit of my eyebrows I sneaked a look in
Tom's direction. He was lent forward watching me avidly.

I whimpered some more and stroked my hands around my breasts. I squashed
them  to  my chest, the nipples hard against the palm of my hands. I was
really  enjoying  myself and knowing Tom was watching gave an added edge
to  my arousal. I rolled my nipples between my thumb and fingers gasping
at  the  sensations  I  was  creating.  My pussy was wet and calling for
attention  so I trailed a hand down to it, the other busy between my two
hard  nipples.  I  stroked  along  my  clit  and moaned as pleasure shot
through  me.  I  worked  on  the  sensitive bud until I could take it no
longer.  My knees were growing weak and trembling so I sank to the floor
and  thrust  a finger into my cunt and started working it in and out. It
felt  wonderful  so  I spread my legs wider and pushed another finger. I
used  my  other  hand on my clit as I bucked my hips against my hand. My
breath  was coming in gasps and the pleasure was almost unbearable until
at  last  I  climaxed,  the  juices coating my hands as I writhed on the
floor.

I  sprawled  on  the  floor  regaining my breath and wondered what to do
next.  I'd spoken to a few people who knew Tom and they all said that he
didn't like women taking the initiative too much. He liked to be the one
to  initiate sex. I'd given him the most blatant invitations I could but
he  didn't  seem  to  be  getting the message. Short of tying him up and
forcing  him to fuck me there wasn't much else I could think of to do. I
sighed  and  opened  my eyes. Tom was still sat in his chair watching me
silently. I looked directly at him and raised my eyebrows.

`How  long  have  you  been  sat  there?  I  asked.  He  looked slightly
shamefaced at being caught but he didn't avoid my gaze.

`I was here before you,' he admitted.

`Oh,' I said imaginatively, unsure how to handle the conversation.

`You  are  the hottest girl I've ever met,' he told me, running his eyes
over  my body. My heartbeat picked up as I realised I still had a chance
to  win my bet. I smiled seductively at him and made no attempt to close
my legs. His eyes were fixed on my exposed pussy with great interest.

`What  makes  you say that?' I asked. `You haven't so much as kissed me,
let alone done anything else.'

`I've  seen  plenty of you though,' he said with a wicked grin, his eyes
running up and down my body again. `You got the best tits I've ever seen
in the flesh, if you know what I mean. As for never having kissed you or
anything  else  we  can always fix that now.' He stood up and crossed to
me,  holding  out  his  hand.  I let him pull me to my feet, sliding the
shirt  off  my arms as I stood so that I was completely naked. He pulled
me  into  intimate contact with his body as his mouth descended on mine.
Our  tongues  met and twined eagerly and I pressed myself against him as
closely  as I could. His hands were roving over my back and moving lower
to  cup  my bottom. I hooked a leg around his waist and snuggled my hips
against his material covered erection. He trailed a line of kisses along
my  jaw  and  down  the  side of my neck. I shivered as my nerve endings
quivered  into life at his touch. I linked my fingers around his neck as
his  mouth  worked  its  way down to my breasts. He began devouring them
with  his  mouth,  nibbling and sucking every inch. I arched my back and
gave him all the encouragement I could.

He  took  a moment to impatiently shrug out of his robe before returning
all his energies on my responsive breasts. At last I had the feel of his
naked  skin  against  mine. With the distraction of the bet I had almost
forgotten  how  much  I had originally wanted Tom. Now I was discovering
that  he  was everything I had fantasised about. I ran my hands over his
gorgeous  body,  revelling  in the ripple of his muscles under his skin.
His  mouth  and hands on my breasts were driving me crazy with desire as
he tugged and squeezed them.

Taking me by surprise he abandoned my breasts and in one smooth movement
lifted me up and sat me on the countertop. Without a moment's hesitation
he  dived  between  my  thighs  and  went  to  work  on my pussy. He was
obviously  an  expert and I gave an involuntary shout as his mouth found
my  clit. He licked his way along my swollen lips and swirled his tongue
around  the  entrance  to my cunt. His hands reached up and continued to
caress  my nipples as his mouth stimulated my pussy. I could hear myself
moaning and begging him not to stop. Then I lost all sense of control as
he  manipulated  me  to an overpowering orgasm. He didn't stop until the
shudders died down in my body.

He straightened up and pulled my unresisting body off the countertop and
over  to the table. He bent me over it and I gratefully used its support
as he wasted no time entering me from behind. His cock easily slid right
the  way  into  my  cunt. I pushed back against each thrust, rotating my
hips to maximise the sensations. He reached around me to find my breasts
and  squeezed  them in time to each thrust. I knew he wouldn't last long
as  he  had  been  hard ever since I started playing with myself. Soon I
could  hear him begin to grunt and gasp. I quickened the movements of my
hips  he grasped my hips and began pounding his cock into me. I felt his
cock  jerk  deep  inside  my  cunt  and it was enough to trigger another
orgasm.  We  climaxed almost simultaneously, both yelling as the orgasms
took control of out bodies.

We  collapsed onto the table, the weight of his body pressing me against
its  cool surface. I found it hard to realise that not only had I won my
bet but I had also had two fantastic orgasms into the bargain.

`I  guess we should be getting back to bed,' he suggested after a while.
He  picked the shirt off the floor and courteously helped me put it back
on.  `You go on, I'm going to get a glass of water. Try not to wake Nick
up  though.  I'd  rather  he  didn't know I fucked his girl while he was
asleep.'

I followed his suggestions, feeling a bit guilty. I had used Nick to get
to  Tom and hadn't really considered his feelings at all. I crept up the
stairs  and  carefully  opened the bedroom door. I knew I was in trouble
immediately.  Nick  was  sat  up in bed with his arms crossed, obviously
waiting  for me. I stood awkwardly in the doorway, totally at a loss for
words. He just sat silently looking at me.

`You're awake,' I said at last.

`Yep. I'm not sure if it was the scream you gave the first time you came
or  the  `yes, yes, Tom fuck me, fuck me now, yes, oh yes' that you kept
shouting  that  woke  me.'  I squirmed under his gaze feeling guilty and
embarrassed.

`I'm sorry,' I whispered.

`So  you  should  be,'  he told me severely. `Especially since I thought
back  over  the evening and I now realise that it was Tom you were after
all along. Wasn't it/'

`Yes,' I admitted.

`You should be ashamed of yourself, using me like that,' he continued.

`I'm so sorry,' I apologised again. `You're a really nice guy and you've
been  really sweet to me. It's just that I was tricked into this bet and
if  I  hadn't  got Tom to fuck me it would have been a disaster. I never
meant to upset you. I'll do anything you want to make it up to you.'

`OK,' he said.

`What do you mean `OK',` I asked, puzzled.

`You  can  make it up to me,' he replied. He got out of bed and rummaged
in a drawer. `Here put this on.' He tossed be what seemed to be a tangle
of leather strips and metal rings. With his assistance I managed to wrap
it around me correctly. A ring of leather circled my neck with two metal
hoops  attached.  The  hoop  at the back had a strip of leather attached
that ran down the centre of my back to be attached to my another hoop to
the piece of leather circling my waist. Another hoop had a leather strap
attached  to  it  that went down until it met the crease of my buttocks.
There  it  split into two pieces with another connecting metal hoop. The
two  strips  of  leather  went between my legs and up past my hips to be
attached  to  the waistband in front. The way they were attached had the
effect of holding apart my buttocks and pussy lips. From the front metal
hoop  two pieces of leather descended to meet two more pieces of leather
that  went  around  the base of my breasts. Across my breasts four metal
chains led to central hoops that ringed my nipples. Below my breasts the
leather straps continued until they met the strap around my waists.

I  felt very strange when it was all strapped together. I've never tried
all  the  leather  and bondage and whips and things. I had to admit that
looking  at  myself  in the mirror it made me look very exotic and sexy.
Nick  seemed to think so as he had an obvious erection. I pirouetted for
him as he gave me an inspection.

`Almost  there,'  he  said.  `Just  needs  a couple more things.' He dug
around  in a drawer and eventually found what he was looking for. Before
I had a chance to protest he tied a leather mask around my head. However
since  there  were  no slits for me to see out of a blindfold would be a
better  description. The next moment I felt the touch of metal around my
wrists and discovered that he had handcuffed my hands to the waistband.

`You  look  perfect,'  he  said  with a good deal of satisfaction in his
voice. `Now let's see about punishing you.'

`What!'  I demanded in alarm. He tugged on my arm and I stumbled forward
against  the  bed.  He  pulled  again  and the next moment I felt myself
tipping forward and ended up sprawled face down across his lap. Before I
had  a  chance to work out what was happening I felt his finger stroking
down  the  crease of my bottom. I found my cunt and began to gently work
it's  way  in.  I  was  still wet and slick from fucking Tom and it felt
extremely  nice.  He  added  another  finger  and  I  gave  a  murmur of
appreciation.  He pulled them out and slid them further forward to close
around  my  clit.  He  began  a  slow  massage that soon had me writhing
helplessly.  He  slid his thumb into my cunt and continued with my clit.
My inability to see or move seemed to focus my whole body on the feel of
his hand. I was moaning and on the verge of coming when he suddenly used
his  free hand to smack me hard on my bottom. I yelped and tried to jerk
away  but  it  was impossible. His hand was still caressing my pussy and
creating waves of pleasure. His other hand continued to deliver stinging
blows to my bottom. One moment I was begging him to stop, the next I was
begging him not to. He pushed his thumb into my cunt and tweaked my clit
and  I  whimpered  with  pleasure.  Then  he  assaulted  my bottom and I
whimpered with pain. He began to move faster and soon the two sensations
blurred  into  one.  I  twisted  and  moaned  helplessly,  unable  to do
anything.  Then  the  mindlessness  of an orgasm hit me and I yelled and
writhed as it took control of my body.

I  came  back to a realisation of my surroundings to find myself laid on
the bed. Nick was laid besides me, idly stroking a hand down my back. He
pulled me over so my back was against him and I was half laid on him.

`That's  what  happens  to  bad girls,' he told me. `Are you going to be
good  now?'  I considered for a moment. My bottom was still stinging but
on the other hand I had had what was probably my best orgasm ever.

`Maybe,'  I  said weakly. He laughed and hugged me close to him his hand
stroking over my front.

`I knew you were special the moment I saw you in that costume. Of course
we still have the problem of you fancying Tom. Fortunately I know how to
fix  that.'  Before  I  realised  what  he meant he raised his voice and
called  for  Tom.  I heard movement and then the door opening. I flushed
with embarrassment, wondering what Tom would think of me in this get up.

`Come  and  join us,' Nick invited and I felt the bed move as Tom sat on
it.

`I  guess  you were awake then?' Tom asked. He didn't sound particularly
surprised by the situation.

`Well,  it  was hard to sleep with the noise you two made fucking,' Nick
responded.

`Tell  me  about  it.  I've  had to listen to you two earlier but it was
nothing  to  the  noise  she's  just  been  making.  I'm  surprised  the
neighbours haven't complained.'

`She  is  a  noisy one, isn't she?' Nick agreed. `Great tits though.' He
cupped  one  in  his hand and squeezed. I was annoyed and embarrassed by
the  way they were talking about me as if I wasn't there but my body was
still  too  close  to orgasm not to respond. I felt two more hands on my
breasts, then Tom's mouth closed around a nipple. I whimpered and arched
my  back  and  then felt Nick shift and his mouth found my other nipple.
With  two  mouths  and  four  hands  on  my  breasts the sensations were
incredible.  Within moments I was orgasming, twisting helplessly as they
relentlessly  prolonged  my climax as long as possible. I lay breathless
between them wondering what else Nick had planned. Tom obviously had the
same thought.

`So what's happening now?' he asked.

`She  said  she'd  do  anything  I want. So now I want to watch her fuck
you,' Nick replied.

`You  won't  get  any  complaints  from  me,' Tom said. I was completely
bewildered  by  the  whole  strange situation. My unusual costume and my
lack of sight gave the circumstances a surreal feel. I felt helpless and
completely without control over what was happening to me and at the same
time  extremely  turned on. I felt Nick take hold of the juncture of the
waist  and  back  strap and lift me. Tom's hands spread my legs as I was
lowered  and  I  found  myself  sitting  down  on  his cock. My cunt was
extremely  wet  so  there was no resistance as he penetrated me. Without
the  use  of  my  arms  I  was  unable  to move. Tom gripped my hips and
manoeuvred me up and down. Nick still had hold of the straps and he also
controlled my movements.

`Stick  her  tits in my mouth,' Tom requested and Nick reached around me
and  obeyed.  It was almost as if I was a doll to be moved to suit their
pleasure. Part of me was indignant at their treatment of me but the half
was  very  aroused.  I  could  feel  Nick moving so that he was standing
between  Tom  and mine's legs. His erection was resting on my bottom and
it  felt  strangely cold and slippery. Before I had a chance to consider
the  reason  for  this  I felt his fingers running down the crease of my
bottom.  They  found  my  ass  hole  and  pressed against it, gently but
insistently.  The leather straps holding my buttocks apart gave him easy
access  and  made  it difficult for me to clench my muscles to stop him.
Added to which it was difficult to concentrate on what he was doing with
Tom playing with my breasts and pushing me up and down on his cock.

I  was  getting close to orgasming when I felt Nick pull his finger out.
Relieved  that  he had removed it I relaxed and concentrated on the feel
of  Tom's  cock  slamming  into  me.  I was totally unprepared when Nick
placed  his  cock  against  my  ass  hole  and pushed it in. I gasped in
outrage  and  struggled  to  get  away.  It  was  impossible as I had no
leverage  and  my  efforts only served to work his cock deeper inside. I
felt  stretched and filled in a completely novel way. Then Nick began to
make  move  in  and  out  slightly  and I was startled to feel a wave of
pleasure.  Tom had stopped moving when Nick entered me but no he started
again. I had never experienced anything like the feel of those two cocks
moving  inside  me.  Sometimes  they  moved  together,  other times they
alternated.  Occasionally they held still and just moved my body. I came
and  came  again as they fucked me until eventually first Nick, then Tom
came.  They  pulled  out  and  we  all  collapsed  on  the bed. I was so
exhausted I fell asleep immediately.

When  I woke the next morning I was still wearing the leather straps and
they  were  both  in  bed  next  to  me.  I  didn't  know  whether to be
embarrassed or intrigued by their treatment of me the previous night. My
body  ached in unusual places and one arm was completely dead. Gradually
the two males awoke. Tom staggered off to the bathroom while Nick hunted
for  the  keys  to the handcuffs. He helped me to remove the leather and
metal  outfit  in silence, obviously unsure of my reactions in the harsh
light of day.

`So what happens now?' I asked in the end.

`Breakfast,' he suggested flippantly.

`You know that's not quite what I meant,' I pointed out.

`Well, it's up to you. I'd like to see you again and obviously I like to
fuck  you  again.  I  fulfilled a couple of my fantasies last night. I`d
love   to  repeat  the  experience.  But  I'd  understand  if  you  felt
differently. I did take advantage of you a bit and I know it was Tom you
were really interested in.'

`Well  I  used you so I guess we're even,' I smiled. `Why don't you take
me out to dinner tonight and we'll take it from there. I've got a couple
of fantasies of my own we could fulfil.'

`Do you mean just me or Tom as well?' Nick asked hesitantly.

`Just  you  tonight,'  I  answered. `Tom's gorgeous but you, well you're
intriguing.  Of  course  that's  not  to  say I'd object if we decide to
invite him to join us later.'

`Of  course  not,'  Nick  agreed,  grinning. `First you have to tell him
about  this  bet  of yours. You're going to have to persuade him to tell
the person who challenged you that you won.'

`I  think I can be very persuasive,' I replied. `After all, I'd share my
winnings.  I'm  sure  we  can  find  something interesting to spend five
hundred pounds on.'

Copyright 1999

Have you enjoyed this story? Please let me know at
jusstme33@hotmail.com



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Petrina


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





