BDSM Library - Baby Jenny




Baby Jenny
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Baby jenny is a 22 year old girl with a 10 year old mind she is seriously taken advantage of.
This work is copyright by the author and commercial use is prohibited  without 
permission.  Personal/private copies are permitted only if complete  including the 
copyright notice. 

All of the usual disclaimers apply.  This story is entirely fictional.  It is intended for 
adults only.  Do not read if you are under 21.  You can send comments or 
constructive criticism to babjen@yahoo.com.  You may, of course, download it for 
your enjoyment, send it to your friends, even use it on your website as long as 
access to the site is free,  it is not changed in 
any way and I'm credited as the author.

This story depicts adult babies and thier mommies and daddies. Obviously, this is 
not real life and should be taken as such.  Otherwise, enjoy!

Baby Jenny by BJ

Keywords diaper, scat, consensual  sex  wet 




Baby Jenny by BJ

Keywords diaper, scat, consensual  sex  wet 


Part 1.  Jenny meets her boyfriend and learns about sex.


Hi, my name is Jenny and I'm an adult baby. I would like to share my life with you. 

How can I describe myself? I am a young blonde female aged 24 with brown 
eyes, I am of slim build with, so i'm told, great legs and figure.  Although I am 
actually 24 years old, my mental age is around 10, this is because of a problem 
when I was born.  My Mom and Dad  looked after me until about 3 years ago 
when they divorced and left me on my own,  neither wanting the burden of a 
handicapped daughter.

The local Authority took me into care and found me a nice room with my own 
radio and bed.  I have to look after my self though, which is not easy for someone 
who is 24 going on 10.  I don't read or write too well and I find it hard to 
concentrate on things.

The Social worker,  Mary says I have to be careful about boys, and makes me 
take a little pill every morning.  She said I can't make babies, but I don't really 
know what she means and she did't explain anymore.  She gave me some nice 
toys and a large doll called Grumpy.

She found me a nice job and I work in the Mail Room of a large International 
Company.  There are two other girls, a boy named Roger and our boss Nancy.  
The girls call me "Simple Jen" and laugh at me a lot and Nancy doe'nt even tell 
them off.
 
Well, as you can imagine, I hate this and sometimes go into the Restroom to 
have a cry.  I was really surprised the other day when Roger asked me if I would 
like to go with him and have a drink after work..  I am not supposed to go out with 
boys, Mary has been most strict about this, saying that I'm not responible enough, 
but I like Roger, he doesn't laugh at me nearly as much as the girls and Nancy. 

We went to a local Wine Bar, and Roger bought me a nice glass of wine. I had 
never tasted wine before and thought it was rather bitter, but Roger said all the 
girls were drinking it and if I wanted to be like them, then I should as well.  I had 
several glasses of wine,  and then Roger took me home.  He said he would come 
in and check my room for me, which was nice of him.  I said I had to go to the 
bathroom, but he said that he would like to see me pee in my panties.  I didn't like 
this but he said it would be cool, as lots of girls do it, and did'nt I want to be like 
the others.  I said it would make a mess, but he found a towel and put it on the 
floor, lifted my frock and started to stroke my pee pee.  This made me tingle all 
over, and the next thing  I saw was my pee coming out and running down my 
legs.  Roger was very excited and pulled my panties to one side to get a better 
look.

Soon I had no more pee to come out, and Roger took the towel and dried my legs 
and pee pee. He said that I was a good girl, and he loved me.  He asked if I had 
ever seen a Boys Pee Pee, but I did'nt know what he meant, so he said he would 
show me, and took off his trousers.  He was wearing bright red panties under his 
trousers, and I laughed at this.  He said I had a really nice smile. I was really 
surprised to see his pee pee, it was very diferent from mine.  It was about 6 
inches long, quite fat and hard and actually stuck out.  Underneath were two sort 
of round things, which he said were his balls.  He said his pee pee was usually a 
lot smaller and soft, but as I excited him his pee pee got all long and stiff,  I didn't 
understand what he meant, but I liked it that I excited him.

He said would I like to touch it, and he took my hand and put  it on his pee pee.  It 
felt really strong and warm.  He said I should rub my hand up and down it as this 
made him even more excited.  After a while a lot of white stuff came out and he 
said it was his Cum, but I did'nt understand what he meant.  He said it was what 
made babies, and I told him that Mary gave me pills and said I could'nt make 
babies.  This really excited him, and he started to kiss and cuddle me.  I said that 
I had to go to the Bathroom after all, as I needed to Poop.  Roger asked if I would 
like to poop in my panties, and said that this was also cool, and lots of girls and 
boys do it like that. 

I thought it was gross, but Roger said I was such a nice girl that he was sure I 
would not want to disapoint him.  I said I was sorry that I had upset him, and said 
I would try.  He made me stand up and open my legs so he could get a good 
view, and said to go ahead.  Well, I really wanted to go, and my poop came out of 
my bottom and filled my panties.  Roger loved it and started to stroke my pee pee 
and bottom.  He pulled my panties down to my knees and rubbed his hands all 
over me.  I did'nt like the smell, it was gross, but Roger said it was lovely poop 
and I was such a good girl that he wanted to bathe me and kiss me all over.

My room has a little bathroom in a corner, and Roger took me in there and helped 
me take off my frock and panties until  I was compelely undressed.  Roger filled 
the bath full of warm water and helped me to climb in.  he said he would have to 
take his clothes off, else they might get wet. He then climbed in the bath with me 
and washed me all over with a sponge and soapy water, particularly around my 
pee pee and my bottom.  He said I should call my pee pee my Cunny, and asked 
me if any of my boyfriends had been playing with my cunny before, and I told him 
no, I didn't have a boyfriend before.  He said he would like to put his finger in my 
cunny, and I said that was gross, but he said the all boys do it to their girlfriends, 
and he was my boyfriend, was'nt he.

He dried me off, and we went back into the living area, when he made me lie on 
my bed.  He lifted up my legs and spread them apart, he said this would make it 
easy for him to see my cunny.  He said before he put his finger in me he would 
like to lick and kiss me all over.  He started to lick my cunny, and then my bum.  
This gave me such a special feeling that after a while I started to shake.  Roger 
said I had cum, and asked how it felt.  It was a wonderful feeling, and I wanted 
him to do it again.  He said he wanted to finger my cunny first, and pushed his 
finger inside.  He said that I was right, he could tell that  I had never had a boy do 
anything to my cunny and that I was a virgin and his special friend.  I liked the 
sound of that a lot.

Roger said if I wanted him to do it again, I had to do something for him, and said 
that I should take his pee pee in my mouth and run my lips up and down it. I 
was'nt sure that I would like it, but Roger said I should try it.  I opened my mouth 
and Roger pushed his pee pee inside.  He took my head in his hands and pushed 
my face down his pee pee.  I liked the feeling of it in my mouth, and after a while 
Roger shook and the white stuff came out again, this time into my mouth.  He 
said I should swallow it as it was good for me.  Roger then asked me to lick his 
bottom, and said I should lay down between his legs.  I said that I would, if he 
licked me again, so he licked me all over and put his tongue into my cunny and 
my bum.  I just loved that and got very excited.  Then Roger layed back and I did 
it to his bum and licked his pee pee.  he said I should call it his cock and not pee 
pee.

Roger asked me if I had ever stroked my own cunny.  I said no I had'nt known 
that I could.  Roger took my hands and showed me how to rub my cunny.  This 
felt good, but not as good as when Roger licked me.  Roger said I could rub 
myself anytime I wanted to feel good.

Roger asked if I was ready for the next bit, and I said what was that.  He said that 
boys put their cocks into a girls cunny and fuck them.  I did'nt know what this 
meant,  but I though I would try it as I've liked what he has done to me so far.  I 
asked him if it would make me feel good again, and he said it sure would.  He laid 
me over the edge of the bed and lifted up my legs,  and opening them wide, 
pushed his cock against my cunny.  He said it might hurt a little, but I was nice 
and wet and he would be very gentle.  He started to push it in, and I could feel it 
going up inside me.  He said that his cock was now touching my virgin, and he 
had to push it through.  I said okay, and he continued to push.  Gosh it was 
starting to hurt a lot, but Roger said it always hurts the first time, but I would really 
feel good in a minute.

He said that his cock was all the way in me, and he was going to start to fuck me.  
I did'nt really know what this meant, but I said okay, so Roger started to pull his 
cock out, and then push it back in.  He slowly did this faster and faster, and after 
about 10 minutes I shook all over again and got that smashing feeling again.  
Roger was grunting, and then he shook, and I could feel his white stuff shooting 
up inside my cunny.   Roger laid there for a while, and then pulled his cock out, 
which to my amazement had started to shrink in size.  I then saw that my 
bedclothes were stained red, and that I was bleeding, I told Roger that he must 
have cut me but  Roger said not to worry, all virgins bled a little after their first 
fuck, and I was a woman now.  

He said we should go into the bathroom and clean up, which we did.   Roger then 
got dressed and said he had to go home, but he would see me in the morning, 
and if I liked, after work he would buy me some more drinks and come home with 
me again.  I said this would be nice, and he said that it was to be our secret and 
that I shouldn't tell anyone else.  I said no fear, I like secrets.

The next day at work Roger behaved as though nothing had happened and 
laughed at me with the other girls, but at home time he said come to the wine bar 
again, and he would take me home afterwards and show me some more games.

When we got home, Roger said that he wanted to see me pee and poop again.  I 
said that I did'nt need to go yet, so Roger said we would kiss me until I did.  We 
laid on the bed and he got undressed and said I should suck his cock and lick his 
bottom again.  I was still dressed, as Roger wanted me to pee and poop in my 
panties again,  I had liked the feeling that pooping gave me yesterday and soon 
wanted to go.  Roger got the towel and stood me on it.  He pushed my legs open 
and stared at my cunny as I started to pee and poop.  It was a really nice 
sensation.  I said I wanted to see him do it, so he took off his trousers, stood on 
the towel and did it as well. I felt all funny while he was doing it and he said that 
was because I was feeling Horny.  I did'nt know what that meant, but it felt okay, 
so I did'nt mind at all 

Afterwards, we had a bath and then went to the bed. Roger said that my cunny 
was a bit hairy, and that he had brought his shaving gear with him and would like 
to take off my hairs. I thought this was a bit strange, but Roger said all girls had 
their cunnies shaved, so I said for him to go ahead.  He got a bowl of hot water 
and rubbed some foamy stuff on me.  He then said not to move and rubbed my 
cunny and bottom with his shaving thing.  After he wiped the foam off he said I 
should feel myself, and when I did it felt all smooth.   Roger then said I was ready 
to fuck, and made me feel really good again.  Roger said it was called "Having 
Sex", and but I thought it was heaven.

Next time Roger came home with me, and after we had peed and pooped, Roger 
said I was a Bad Girl for pooping in my panties, and needed punishing.  I started 
to cry, because he said yesterday that I was a good girl.  He said not to worry 
because he was a Bad Boy, and  needed to be punished as well, which made me 
feel better.  He sat on a chair and pulled my panties off, showing my poop 
covered bottom.  he said I had to bend over his lap, and he would spank me.  He 
spanked me a lot of times with his hand, and my bottom got all red.  His hand got 
my poop all over it, but he did'nt mind.

He then asked how I felt, and I said  my botttom hurt, but I did feel funny.  Roger 
said the spanking had made me horny again, and now it was my turn to spank 
him.  I said I did'nt want poop on my hands, but he laughed and said that was the 
best bit.  He made me take off his pants and bent over my lap.  I started to spank 
him, and he said it was to soft, so he got his belt and said I should spank him with 
that.  His bottom got really red, with big lines on it, but he said he liked the feeling.  
That was the first time I had been spanked, and it hurt, but felt good all at the 
same time. 

Roger started coming round all the time, and each time we would do something 
that made me feel good.  He showed me how boys put their cocks into girls 
bottoms as well as their cunny.  This hurt at first, but after a few times, it felt 
great.   I said I loved Roger, and he said he loved me.  Mary came round to see 
how I was getting on, and I told her that I was okay, but I did'nt tell her my secret.

Then Roger came round with a big box, and said it contained diapers and things.  
I know what diapers are.  Babies wear them when they are little and can't go to 
the toilet like us big girls.  Roger said he had a new game, and said we should 
each put a diaper on, and then pee and poop into it instead of our Pants.  I 
thought this sounded weird, but agreed because I love Roger.  Roger said we 
would have to wear them for at least 2 hours after we peed and pooped to get the 
right feelings.  Roger laid me down and put the daper on me, tying it in place.  He 
then put a pair of plastic panties on me incase the diaper leaked.  I then did the 
same to him, but Roger had to help me, as I was'nt very good at diapering.

The feeling when I peed and pooped was really wonderful, and I really enjoyed 
this game.  We wore the diapers for  hours and then took them off.  They were 
really smelly, but Roger just said he would clean them up later, and we should 
have our bath and sex again.

After this we used to put diapers on a lot, and I became really sorry to take them 
off.  I liked to be able to pee and poop whenever I wanted to.  We started to go 
out to the Mall  wearing our diapers, and I even wore them to work and to the 
wine bar.  After a while I found that I could'nt stop from peeing or pooping 
whenever I needed to go, so it seemed right to wear diapers most of the time, 
except when we had sex and punished each other.

Then the bombshell was dropped.  Roger was arrested by the Police at work  for 
having sex with a 12 year old girl, (a real 12 year old girl), and he went to prison 
and my life was destroyed. I felt that my life was over without Roger to love me. 

Roger used to bring the diapers and things.  I could'nt give them up, I would wet 
and poop in my panties  if I did, so I had to get them from the store myself.  I also 
had to learn how to put them on myself, and in the end got quite good at it.   
When my diapers ran out  I found a shop just round the corner that was quite 
dark, and had plenty of diapers in stock, so I started spending quite a bit of my 
wages on diapers.  After a while the shop keeper said he was closing the shop 
and his stock had run out. 

I did'nt know what to do,  as I did not know of any other shops that sold diapers.  I 
went to the Mall, and found a shop that had lots of funny things that looked like  
boys cocks and other things.  I went all red just looking at them.  They had a 
large stock of all sorts of diapers and the assistant was really helpful.  She did'nt 
laugh at me and said that lots of girls have to wear diapers.  I think she was sorry 
that I was lonely, and I told her about Roger being arrested and the games we 
played. She seemed very interested and kept asking me for more details.  In the 
end I told her my secrets, but I thought it would'nt really matter because Roger 
was not there anymore.  

She measured me and helped me choose the best sort of diapers.  She even 
gave me some free plastic panties and diaper pins.  I always  bought my diapers 
from this new shop and made sure that I was helped by the same assistant, who 
said I could call her Mommy.




Baby Jenny by BJ

Part 2.

Baby Jenny meets her new Mommy and becomes an Adult baby.

(Jenny is an attractive 24 year old blond but with a mental age of around 10.  Currently she 
lives on her own in a room provided by the local social service.  She recently had an exciting 
time with a boy from her Office, but he was arrested by the Police and given 5 years in Jail for
 sex with an (Real) under age girl.  Her friend, Roger, taught her how exciting Sex was, and put
 her on the path to diaper dependancy.

Jenny continues her story.

Hello again.  In part 1 of my story I told you about my life with my boyfriend Roger and my 
introduction to diapers and my loss of control over my body functions.  Part 2 continues with 
my story.

It was late one evening after I had left work and caught the bus home.  I was making myself my 
nightime sandwich and glass of milk.  Mary, my Social Worker, won't let me have any hot stuff 
or a cooker because she says I'm not responsible enough and might hurt myself. I have to eat in 
the office people room if I want any hot food or go to the diner round the corner.  I don't like
 going to the diner because the other customers always call me names and laugh at me because I 
can't get my words out right.

My life is very lonely since my boy friend Roger was taken away by the Police and put in Jail.  
I usually just sit  in my room and watch my Television.  Mary has given me a Radio and I like 
listening to music on it. Sometimes I put my hand inside my diaper and stroke and play with my 
cunny until I shake and feel good, just like I did when Roger stroked and kissed me.  Once I 
took my diaper off so that I could stroke my cunny and bottom more easily, but I pooped on my 
hand and the floor. I though that was bad, so I hav'nt done that again.  I hav'nt even pooped 
in my panties.  I loved to do that with Roger, but I miss him so much.

All of a sudden I heard a soft knock on my door.  This rather scared me as I have never had 
anyone knock on my door before and Mary says I must keep it locked all the time.  I went over
 and asked who was there.  A ladys voice said it was Mommy from the diaper shop, and asked if 
I could open the door.

I was really surprised to hear her, how did she know where I lived.  She said she had some 
things for me so I unlocked the door and she came into my room carrying a big bag.  She said 
it was a lovely room, and wasn't I lucky to have it all to myself.  She said that she had been
 passing outside in her car the other day and saw me go home from work.  She had found a package
 of diapers after I left the store last time and wanted to call round and give them to me as she
 was sure they were mine.  I thought that was really nice of her.

When I'm at home I always wear my diaper, plastic panties and a frock.  She said it was a nice 
frock and asked me if I was wet,  I said yes and that I was a bit poopy too.  She asked if I 
would like her to change my diaper, and I thought that would be nice because I've had to change
 myself since Roger was put in jail, but I'm quite good at it now.

She took a big towel from her bag and put it on the floor and said I should take off my frock
 and lay down.  I pulled my frock over my head and it got stuck, so Mommy helped me.  I laid 
down on the floor and she unpinned my diaper and took it off.  It was very wet and poopy and it
 smelt bad, but Mommy did'nt mind.  She fetched a bowl of warm water from my bathroom and 
cleaned me with her towel.  She said I had lovely legs and looked really cute. I said I was 
all poopy, but she said that it was to be expected, after all I was a baby.  She washed my 
bottom and my cunny and then took some powder from her bag and put it on me.  It felt good and 
it had a really nice smell.   She had brought a nice soft cloth diaper which she put on me.  
That felt really comfy and was much better than the disposable diapers that I usually buy.

Then we sat on the bed and talked about me.

She asked what my sandwich was, and I said it was Jam, and it was my dinner.  She said I ought 
to have a hot dinner, but I said Mary does'nt let me have anything hot because I'm not very 
responsible.  I told her that Mary said I was really only 10, and not old enough to have a 
cooker.  She was very interested in Mary, and asked me lots of questions about her, but I 
did'nt know many answers.

She asked if I had any more secrets that I could tell her, but since Roger went away, I've not 
had sex or even pooped in my panties, like me and Roger used to do, because I always wear 
diapers now, even to work.  Mommy asked if I liked to poop my panties, and I said that it was 
a really good feeling.

Mommy asked if I wanted to poop now, but I said that I did'nt right now, but I would have to 
soon.  Mommy said would I like her to get me something hot to eat from the diner, and I thought 
that was nice of her too.   She said she would only be a minute, and took my latch key with her
so she could get back into my room.

When she came back, she had a nice hot burger with some fries, and I was really hungry and soon 
ate it.  Mommy poured me a glass of milk and said that I should drink it all up.  It tasted a 
bit funny, but Mommy said it was fine.  Mommy also brought another thing with her.  It looked 
like a large bowl, but it had little elephants on the side.  Mommy said it was a potty  to wee 
wee and poop into, and asked if I had ever used one.  I said that I had'nt, so Mommy said that 
I could try hers if I liked.  She said that she would take off my diaper, and that I could sit 
on the potty, which she put on the floor.  It was cold to my bottom, but it soon warmed up.  
Mommy said I should spread my legs wide, so she could see when I went potty.  Mommy fetched a 
box from her bag and said it was a camera and she was going to take some pictures of me, and
id I mind.  I did'nt know if I minded, so mommy said it would be good to have pictures of me.  
I sat there and all of a sudden, I felt my wee wee coming and it splashed my legs as it went 
into the potty.  Mommys box started clicking and she said that she had some good pictures of 
me peeing.  That made me feel really good.  Mommy asked if I could poop yet, but I said I 
couldn't do it yet.

She went to my wardrobe and fetched a pair of red panties.  She asked when I last wore them, 
and I said not since Roger went away.   She said I should stand up while she wiped me.  She 
then said that she wanted me to put the panties on, and wait until my poop came, which she said
 would be very soon now, and I should tell her when I wanted to go so she could take some more 
pictures.

She was right, I did go, and the poop filled my panties.  Mommy said she would have to  push my
legs apart so she could make sure that I was pooping properly.  She seemed very pleased with me.
  She asked if it felt like that when I did it with Roger.  I said it did and it was really good.
  She said would I like her to bath me like Roger did, and she took me into the bathroom.  She
 put some hot water into the bath and some sort of smelly things that made the water bubble,  
and  then she undressed me.  She helped me into the bath and put a sort of rubber thing on to 
keep her dress dry and then she washed me all over.

She helped me put my nightie on,  and put me in bed and kissed me goodnight.  She said not to 
worry about the mess, because she would clean it all up before she went home.  I dreamed about 
Mommy and Roger while I was asleep and when I woke up in the morning  Mommy had gone, but my 
room was really clean.  She left me a note, but I really could'nt understand it because I can't
 read very well.  I think it said sweet dreams and she would see me again soon.  She also left
a big pile of the cloth diapers.  I was all wet, so I had to change my diaper before I went to 
work.  Mommy had left her potty behind, but I liked using my diapers better.

When I came out of work, Mommy was waiting for me in her car.  She asked if I would like a lift 
home as it was raining, so I got in the car.  She said would I like to go to the diner first.  
I said yes, but they all laughed at me because I can't get my words right and wear a diaper.  
Mommy said that they had better not.  We went to the diner and I had my favorite stew.  No one 
laughed at me this time, so it must be nice to have a Mommy.  After dinner, Mommy took me home.
  She took my key and opened the door for me.  She asked if I wanted changing, so I said yes I
 was wet  and that I would like that. Mommy said I should lay on the floor and put down her 
towel.  She took my diaper off and wiped my cunny dry.  She put a nice clean diaper on me and 
said I was really her baby now.  Mommy played dolls with me, and gave me another glass of milk. 
she said it would help me sleep.  When I wanted to do my poop, I said that I was going to poop 
now.  Mommy said I should sit on the potty again, as she liked to see me doing potty, which I 
did, but I would rather poop in my panties as it does'nt feel the same on the potty.  Mommy 
said she would bath me after I went potty, so we went into the bathroom and she washed me all 
over.

When we went back into the bedroom, Mommy said I did'nt need to put my nightie on, but I should 
lay on the bed so she could have a look at me and make sure I was alright.  She fetched her box 
and started taking lots of pictures.  She said that my cunny looked sore.   I told her that my 
cunny had blood coming out sometimes, but that Mary had said it was something that happened to 
all girls and that she had given me some little plugs to put in my cunny to stop it coming out.
I told her that it would happen for 3 or 4 days, and then I was ok again.  She asked if Mary 
knew that I wore diapers, and I said no she did'nt, at least I don't think she did because Roger
 had told me to keep it a secret and I always wore my frock when Mary came round.  Mommy asked 
when Mary would come next time, but I did'nt know.  I told her that Mary had given me some 
pills and saaid  that I must always take one before I went to work.  I told her that Mary said 
I could'nt make babies.  Mommy said Mary sounded very sensible.  She asked if I ever forgot to 
take my pill, but I could'nt remember.

Mommy laid me on the bed and spread my legs apart. It felt just like when Roger used to do it 
and her hands were really soft on my legs.  I said to Mommy did she want to lick me like Roger
used to do, because that always made me shake and feel good.  I said that I sometimes stroked 
my cunny and put my finger in, which made me feel good as well.  Mommy said that she would like 
to lick me, and said that my cunny was quite hairy for a baby.  I said that Roger used to use 
his shaving thing and take them off.  Mommy started to lick and kiss my cunny, and then she put 
her finger in me.  She turned me over and started to lick my bottom.  I felt oh so good, and I 
shook all over.

Mommy said that I should'nt tell Mary about her because it would be a secret, just like when 
Roger came round, she put me to bed again and cleaned my room for me.   After this Mommy would 
always be waiting for me when I left work to take me to the diner and then home. She brought a 
new shaving thing in her bag one night and took all the hairs off my cunny and my bottom. She 
said all good little babies are bare, and that having hairs is bad and makes babies sore.  Her 
shaving thing was not the same as Rogers.  Mommys made a sort of buzzing noise and she did not
put any foamy stuff on me, which was a shame because I used to like that. 

Mommy said did I miss being spanked by Roger, and I said that he used to smack my bottom with 
his hand, and that even although it hurt quite a bit, it made me feel good and I liked it.  
Mommy said she would spank me if I wanted her to.  I said that she could if I was a bad girl, 
so the next time I pooped in my diaper, she said I was a Bad Girl, and needed a spanking beacuse
 I did'nt tell her so she could sit me on the potty.  She took off my diaper, which was really 
messy, and my frock.  She said for me to bend over her lap.  She really smacked my bottom until 
it was all red and her hand was all poopy, just like it used to be when Roger did it, and it 
hurt, even more than Rogers spankings  did  Afterwards she took me in the bathroom and washed 
me all over.  She kissed and cuddled me saying I was a good girl for not crying.  I wanted to 
cry very much, but I wanted to please Mommy.  Mommy took lots of pictures of my red bottom.

One day I coul'nt do a poop for a long time, and Moomy said that she knew what to do.  She got a
long tube which had a sort of bag on one end.  She filled the bag with hot soapy water and hung 
it from ahook in the wall.  She said I should bend over the bed and open my legs as far as I 
could.  She rubbed somthin cold on my bum, and said she was going to push the tube up my bottom.
  That really hurt and I cried.  Mommy said that it was ok, it was in me and she was now going 
to wash my bum out from the inside.  She let the water run down the tube and into my bottom.  
It felt all warm and I soon felt like I was full up inside.  Mommy pulled the tube out and said
she would put a little plug in my bottom to help me hold the water in for a while, and  that I 
could stand up.  I felt really funny and my tummy was hurting a little.  After a while Mommy 
got the potty and said I should sit on it and open my legs as wide as possible.  She put her 
hand between my legs and pulled the little plug out of me.  All the water ran out of me as well
 as lots and lots of really smelly poop.  It went all over the floor as well, but Mommy just 
laughted and said she would clean it up and not to worry. She said it was an enema and that she 
always gave them to anyone who could'nt poop properly.  She asked if I liked it, but I was'nt
 sure I did because my tummy had really hurt when the water was inside me.

I  really liked having Mommy to look after me, and I wanted to be with her all the time.  She 
let me poop in my panties whenever I wanted to, got me cloth diapers and made me feel good by 
licking and kissing my cunny and my bottom and she put her fingers in my cunny until I shook 
nd felt good and and she spanked me when I was bad and didn't mind how poopy my diapers were.  
I felt that my life had started all over again.

Then one day when we got home from the diner, Mommy said she had to talk serious to me and that
 I had to listen very carefully.  She said that she had found a new job, and would be moving 
away to a new city, which meant that she would not be able to come and look after me any more.  
I really cried and cried.  I thought this was just like when Roger had gone to Prison, and I 
would be on my own again.  I hated to think about that, and could'nt stop crying, even when 
Mommy got my best red panties from the cupboard and said I should poop in them because that 
would make me feel better.

Mommy said I would be all right, as I had Mary to look out for me.  I said that Mary was ok, 
but not like her.  Mommy asked if I was all right, and I said no, I was very wet and could'nt 
help crying.  Mommy changed me and held me tight saying that I was a good girl and not to 
worry.  Mommy said she would still be coming to meet me for some days yet, and that I should be 
a brave girl.

When I went to sleep, I cried all night.  When I woke up I had a special idea.  Why did'nt I go
with Mommy so she could look after me in her new City.

I could'nt wait till I met Mommy outside the office after work.  I said that I've had a good 
idea, and told her all about it.  She said that she had'nt really thought about that, and did'nt
 know if she could take me with her.  She said what about Mary, would she let me go away with 
her.  She said that Mary was a Social Worker and would probably say no.  I said that I did'nt 
care what Mary said, it was my idea.  She said that she would have to think about it and said 
that she would see if her new house was big enough for me as well.

She said I would have to leave my job, which made me very sad again.  I like my job, but I don't
like the girls or Nancy.  I said that was ok, and that I would do anything to stay with her.   
We went home where Mommy gave me a bath and lots of special lickings and kisses.  I said that 
when Roger was my boyfriend we used to fuck, which was lovely,  and could me and Mommy fuck.  
Mommy said that she was a girl, the the same as me and had a cunny just like mine and said that 
only boys had cocks and could fuck a girl.  I said I would like to see her cunny, and Mommy 
said that she would show me if I wanted.  Mommy took off her skirt and panties and showed me her 
cunny.  It was bigger than mine and very hairy.  I said that Mommy should get her shaving thing 
and take her hairs off.  She said that as a special treat I could do it for her.

She got the shaving thing from her bag and showed me how to rub it over her cunny and her 
bottom to take off her hairs. Afterwards she said that now she was bare, I could give her cunny 
a 
licking if I liked.  I said would that be like sucking Rogers cock, and she said that it would 
be nearly the same.  She laid down on the bed and put her legs up in the air and said that I 
should push them apart, just like she does to me.  I kneeled down and started to lick her cunny.
It was really nice and tasted very sweet.  She asked if I would like to lick her bottom, so 
I did that as well.  After a while, Mommy said would I like to put my tongue inside her cunny 
and lick inside.  I though that sounded cool, so I did and Mommy shook all over and said that 
I was very clever.. 

She said that as I was a really good girl she would show me something else.  She went to her 
bag and got a big fat stick that looked just like Rogers cock.  She said it was a dido, at 
least,that's what I think she said.  She said that girls put them in their cunnies to make them 
feel just like they do when a boy fucks them.  She asked me if I would like to try it and 
showed me how to put it in my cunny.  She said I should push it in and pull it out slowly at 
first and then do it faster.  She showed me what she meant and it was the best feeling I've had 
since Roger went away.  She then said that I could put it in her cunny and push it in and out 
as fast as I could.  She liked that very much and gave me a big kiss.

She said somtimes girls put their dido up their bottoms just like when Roger used to put his 
cock up my bottom and that it felt really good.  I said that I would like to try it, but it 
would get all poopy like Rogers cock used to get.  Mommy said not to worry because it was 
washable.  She put some cold sort of jelly on my bottom and said it was vasaline and that my 
bottom would need to be quite slippery.  She pushed it in me, and the feeling was terrific, 
specially when she pushed it in and pulled it out quite quickly.  I said I would like to put 
it in her bottom, so she pulled it out and gave it to me.  It was quite poopy, but Mommy said 
not to worry, she liked my poop.  She rubbed some of the vasaline on her bottom, and said I 
should go ahead.  I pushed it in and pulled it out like Mommy did to me and Mommy started to 
grunt and breath fast, then she shook all over and said that she had come.  I'm not sure what 
she meant, but I know how good it feels.

Mommy asked me if I was any happier now, and I said that I was and that I loved her.  Mommy 
said that most little girls usually suck their mommies titties, and would I like to do that.  
I said that it would be nice, so mommy put her titty in my mouth and I sucked on it.  All of a 
sudden, Mommy gave a little shout and said that I had bitten her titty.  I said I was sorry, 
but I did'nt mean to.  Mommy said that was ok, she knew that.  I would rather lick Mommies 
cunny than suck her titty, but she seemed to like it.

Mommy put me to bed and said that she would see what she could do tomorrow, and would tell me 
if I could go when she picked me up.  I was happy because I was sure that Mommy would want me 
to go with her and could'nt stop peeing in my diaper in my excitement.

The next day when she picked me up from the office, I could'nt wait for her to tell me if I 
could go.  She said that I should wait until we were home.  I thought this mean't that she was 
going to say no, and I started to cry.  Mommy put her arm round me and said I should blow my 
nose.

When we got home, Mommy unlocked the door and we went into my room.  I looked at her and said 
that I could'nt wait any longer, and she had to tell me quick.  Mommy said that she had looked 
at her new house and there was a really nice basement room which she could use as my special 
nursery, and that she would very much like me to go with her.  Oh I was so happy that I just 
peed and peed into my diaper.  It became very heavy and nearly fell off.  Mommy said that she 
could see how excited I was, and that she was glad that I was happy.  Mommy said she would 
change me and as she took off my diaper I pooped a really smelly poop all over her.  She said 
that was okay, I was just excited.

Mommy said that she was worried about Mary, who would probably not let me go.  I said that I 
did'nt care what Mary said I was going.  Mommy said that she had thought about the problem and 
asked if I would be sad if we did'nt tell Mary I was going.  She said I could write Mary a 
etter after we were in the new City.  I said that I could'nt write very well, so Mommy said 
she would write it for me and send it to Mary.  Mommy said that she would talk to Nancy at my 
office and tell her that I was leaving, but I was to keep it a secret until we went, because 
Nancy was Mary's friend, and might tell her about it.

I was so happy.  Mommy said I needed a bath because I was really smelly, so she bathed me and 
we kissed and cuddled. It was very nice.  Mommy and me then did our licking and things, which 
really made me ever so happy. Mommy did'nt mind that my cunny was bleeding a bit, and  that I 
had forgotten to put one of Marys little plugs in to stop it.

Mommy said that we would be going the day after next which was Friday, and that she would help 
me pack after work and then we would go off in her car.  I was so happy I could'nt wait.  When 
the girls at work were laughing and calling me "Simple Jen", I did'nt care, I had a secret and 
they did'nt know what it was.  I seemed to pee and poop all the time in my excitement, and the 
girls could smell me because they started to call me Smelly Jenny, and said I'd pooped my 
panties, but I knew I had'nt because I was wearing my diaper.

Mommy was waiting for me when I left the office.  I said Goodbye Office, and off we went.  Mommy
said we would go to the diner first, as we had a long journey and we would be hungry.  I had my 
favorite stew, which I will miss as well.   When we went to my room, Mommy packed all my things
in a large box.  I said to make sure she did'nt forget my toys and my best doll Grumpy.  Mommy 
left some money on the table, and said it was for my Rent in case Mary did'nt pay it this time.
She said that she had spoken to Nancy just before I came out of the Office and told her that I
was going to be away for some days.  She said that she did'nt tell Nancy that I was'nt going 
back.  Mommy said she would find that out later.

Mommy made me a nice milk, which I drank all up, and then she said that she would change me and 
we should be going.  We went downstairs and got into her car.  She said I should lie on the 
seat, as I was tired and would probably go to sleep.   She was right, I went to sleep, and then 
Mommy was waking me up and said that we had arrived.   I got out of the car and looked around.  
I was in a strange room, and the car was in the room as well which was pretty strange.  Mommy 
took my hand and showed me the way out into another room which was her Kitchen.   

She said my room was all ready, and would I like to see IT.  I said that I would like that, so 
she took my hand and showed me a door, which led down some stairs to my room.  My room was in 
the basement, and it was really nice.  It had all sorts of animals on the wall, there was a 
funny looking table but there was'nt a bed.  There was a sort of bed with bars on the sides and 
top.  Mommy said that was my new crib that she had got specially for me.  There was a sofa and 
a chair and an ordinary table as well.  The carpet was a nice Red and very soft.  There was a 
large cupboard, which Mommy put all my thngs in.  There were animals hanging on strings from 
the ceiling which turned around.  Mommy said they were Mobiles, and did I like my room.  I loved
it from the first.  It was my special room and I was with my Mommy.  Mommy said that I would 
probably need changing now, and I said yes I was all wet and poopy.

Mommy said that she would help me onto the funny looking table, and said it was a special 
changing table.  It went up and down and there were some straps hanging down from the top of 
the table, but Mommy just pushed them to one side and said that she would show me these 
tomorrow.  I was nearly asleep and could'nt stay awake.  Mommy finished changing me and helped 
me off the table.  She took me over to the crib, and opened a gate.  She said I could climb in, 
so I did.  Mommy put the gate back and said she would tuck me in.  She said it would be best if 
I did'nt get out of my crib, as I might fall down.  She said that she would lock the door to my 
room so that I would be really safe.  I thought that was really nice.  I soon went to sleep and 
dreamt about tomorrow.

Continued in part 3.

Jenny's new life with her Mommy and how she meets her new daddy.   Coming soon.




Baby Jenny by BJ
Keywords diaper, scat,  enema  nc  sex  wet   

PART 3.


Jenny is an attractive 24 year old Blond.  However she has a mental age of 10 and is seriously 
taken advantage of.

In Parts 1 and 2 we saw Jenny learn about sex from a "Boyfriend" become diaper dependant.  
In part 2 she met a "Mommy", who befriended her and took advantage of her simple nature.  
The Mommy finally used a cunning plan to let Jenny think it was her idea for Jenny to move 
in with Mommy.


In Part 3, Jenny gets a new Uncle as well and learns the facts of life.

Hello, I'm Jenny, and I want to tell you about my life after I moved in with my new Mommy.

The first night in my new crib was wonderful. I felt on top of the world.  Me, a silly 24 year 
ld girl with a 10 year old head, had talked my new mommy into taking me away from my lonely 
room and fixing me up with a lovely Nursery and Crib.  I was so lucky. 

My mommy came and woke me early in the morning.  She felt my diaper and said that I was very 
wet and poopy and needed changing.  She opened the gate on my crib and helped me out.  She 
took my hand and led me over to the funny looking changing table.  She told me to climb on 
the table and lie down. There were some straps fixed to a bar over my head, and mommy said 
these were to hold my legs open when she changed me and fixed them round my legs.  Then she 
pulled the straps up and my legs went with them.  Oh boy, was my diaper messy, I must have
really pooped during my sleep.  Mommy took it off and it really smelled bad but she just 
laughed and threw it in a diaper bucket,  and said she would get a cloth and wash my cunny
and bum for me.

She gave me a really good wash and rubbed my cunny, which made me feel very excited.  She 
said that she would put a new diaper on me and then we would go and get some breakfast.  She 
said that my cunny looked a bit hairy and she would need to get her shaver and take them off.  
Her shaver was in a bag on the table and it made a buzzing noise when she rubbed it over my 
cunny and my bottom.  She said that I was a good little baby.  She put some powder on me and 
a new diaper.  She pulled a pair of neat plastic panties over my diaper and said that was all 
the clothes I would need as it was quite hot.   When she let the straps down my legs felt all 
funny where they had been held up in the air.

My Nursery is in the basement and it's a very nice room with animals on the walls and lots of 
pictures and a red carpet.  Mommy took me up the stairs to the kitchen which I had seen when 
we arrived.  There was a big High Chair at the table,  Mommy said I was her little baby and 
must'nt walk like a big girl.  She said I had to crawl on the floor.  I though this was a bit 
strange because I was 10 in the head and not a little baby.  Mommy watched me crawl over to 
the High chair where she helped me to sit in it. 

She said I was to have pureed cornflakes for breakfast, and a bottle of milk.  Mommy helped 
me with the spoon, but I told her I was a big girl and could do it for myself.  Mommy said 
that I was her little girl, and she would feed me as she wanted to make sure I ate all my 
breakfast.  I did'nt like the cornflakes, but Mommy said they were good for me and would help
me to poop.   Mommy said she had some special tins of babyfood for my dinner, and I would 
enjoy that.

After breakfast, Mommy said I should go in my Playpen for a while while she cleaned the 
house.  The playpen was in the living room.  It was a big round playpen with high sides and a 
little gate.  Mommy opened the gate and said I should crawl in and lie down.  She put my 
favorite video on the TV and I layed there watching Snow White and the dwarves.  Mommy closed
the gate and said I was not allowed out of the playpen.  After a longtime Mommy came back into 
the room and said we would go to the Nursery, where she would play with me and show  me some
more games.  She opened the gate and took me by the hand and helped me to crawl to the stairs.
There was a big sofa in my room, and Mommy led me over to it and said for me to sit down next 
to her.  Mommy said that I had nice breasts, and she wanted to suck them.  She put my titty 
in her mouth and started to suck.  While she was doing this, she was twisting my other titty 
between her fingers.  It felt a bit weird, but I did like it and my titties started to feel 
quite hard.  .  Mommy said I should suck her titty, and took off her dress.  Her titties are 
much bigger than mine and quite floppy.  She took her titty and put it in my mouth.  I liked 
sucking it and was quite sorry when Mommy said we were going to play some different games now.  

She asked if I had to poop yet, and I said that I didnt want to go yet, but I was going to pee.
Mommy said I should use the potty, and took my diaper off. She spread a large rubber cloth 
over the carpet and put the potty on the floor.

She helped me to sit on the potty.  She held my legs open so she could see my pee coming out 
of my cunny.  As I peed, Mommy put her hand on my cunny and stroked it, this felt really good 
and made me tingle .  Her hand got pee all over it, but she said it was nice pee.  She put her
finger in her mouth and sucked my pee off her finger.  She said I was to stroke my cunny and 
get pee on my finger for her to lick.  I put my finger on my cunny and Mommy said I should push 
it inside and get it really wet.  When it was wet, Mommy said to pull it out and put in in her 
mouth.  She really liked my pee.   

Mommy said it was my turn to taste my pee.  I did'nt like that much, but Mommy said I was her
baby and had to do what I'm told.  She said I should put my finger in my cunny and get it all 
wet, just like I did before.  She held my hand and pushed it onto my cunny.  I put my finger 
inside again, and got it all wet with pee.  Mommy then pulled my hand away and held my hand so 
that I could suck my finger.  I't did'nt taste at all like I thought it would, in fact it was
quite a nice taste.

Mommy said that the next time I wanted to pee, I was to tell her because she wanted to put her 
mouth on my cunny while I peed.  I did'nt like that much, but she laughed and said not to 
worry, and I would get my turn soon.

By now I wanted to poop, so mommy said I was to stand up.  She got my favorite panties and 
pulled them on me.  She said that she knew how much I liked to poop in my panties, and I was 
now ready.  She said I was to bend over a bit so she could watch me doing it.  She really liked
to see me poop, and I loved doing it in my panties.   Mommy said she was going to buy a camera
and take some pictures of me pooping.  

When I had finished, Mommy said I was a Bad Girl to poop my panties, and that I must stand in 
the corner while she decided how to punish me.  I was confused about this because Mommy had 
said I could do it.  Mommy said I should crawl over to the corner of the room and stand with 
my nose pressed up against the wall.  She spread another rubber cloth in the corner and said 
that she did'nt want any accidents on the Carpet.  I was all poopy and my poop was begining to
run down my legs onto the cloth.  Mommy made me stand there for a long time and said that if 
I moved my nose, she would get really mad and punish me bad.  Mommy went upstairs, but I did'nt
dare move because I did'nt want a bad punishment.  

When Mommy came back, she said she had decided to spank me, and sat in the chair.  She said I 
must crawl over to her and stand up.  When I stood up, Mommy took down my panties, which were 
really smelly and poopy, and left them round my ankles.  She said I was to lie over her lap,
and she held my head and started to spank my bottom with her hand.  She got my poop all over 
her hand as she spanked me, but she seemed to like it on her hand.  She spanked me very hard 
indeed.  My bottom got all red.  

She said I should now sit in the chair as she was going to spank my cunny.  I sat in the chair 
and Mommy took my panties off and made me lift up my legs and open them as wide as I could.  
She made me hold my legs with my hands and she knelt down in front of me and started to spank 
my cunny with her belt.  That was really hurting and she asked if I liked being spanked.  
I said I did'nt like my cunny being spanked because it was very painful.  Mommy said I was a
little Pain Slut, and I would get used to it.  She said I would be spanked most every day 
because I would always be naughty.   I was crying now, and my tears were coming out of my eyes.
Mommy said she was spanking me because she loved me so much.  After my spanking, Mommy gave
me a bottle of milk to drink, and said I was to stand in the corner  until I needed to pee.  
I was really dirty with lots of poop all over me, but Mommy said she would wash me later.

I stood in the corner sucking my bottle and drinking the milk.  When the bottle was empty, 
I knew I had to pee and called for Mommy.  She took me over to the rubber cloth and washed me 
with a cloth and some warm water.  She said I'd better not pee until she said I could, but I
was'nt very good at holding it it and I started to trickle.   Mommy said for me to stand up 
straight and open my legs as far as I could.  She sat down on the floor between my legs and put
her mouth on my cunny.  She put her tongue inside me and said I could pee now.  My pee came 
rushing out, all into Mommys mouth.  I was amazed, but she drank it all down and said I was a 
good girl for peeing for her.  

She said she wanted to pee, and it was my turn to drink hers.  I said NO, it was nasty and I 
started to run to the door and up the stairs.  Mommy caught hold of my hair, and pulled me back
into the room.  She was very mad with me now.  She said I was Very Bad for trying to run away,
and would be getting a really bad spanking later.  She said she would spank my titties because
it would hurt real bad.  I di'nt think it could hurt more than my cunny did when Mommy spanked
it.

Mommy took off her panties, and I saw her cunny.  It was quite big and hairy.  I used to shave 
Mommys cunny when I lived in my room and Mommy visited me but the hairs had qrown again.  Mommy
spread her legs open and said for me get on my knees between her legs and put my mouth on her 
cunny and my tongue inside, just like she did to me.  She said I was to drink all her pee, and 
if I spilt any, I would get another big spanking on my cunny and my titties.

I really pressed my mouth up to her cunny, and she started to pee.  It was very warm and tasted
quite awful.  I tried to drink it all as she peed, but it came out so fast that some ran down 
my face and onto the floor.  She said that I had done okay for my first pee drinking session.  
She said I should now lick her clean, and that I was to lick her bottom as well.  She said I 
was to push my tongue up her bottom and feel her poop which would soon be coming out.  I did'nt
like the taste of her poop, but Mommy got all excited and started to shake.  She said she had 
Come, and that I was really a good girl.  She said to keep licking her bottom and tasting her 
poop until she said I could stop.

Mommy said that she was ready to poop, and was going to do it in my panties.  She got the poopy
panties that she had taken off me and said I was to help her put them on.  I pulled them up 
her legs and some of my poop got on her legs  and over her bottom.  She said I was to help her
poop by putting my hand inside the panties and pushing a finger up her bottom.  After a little
while she started to poop.  Her poop was not all soft like mine, it was quite hard and came 
out in long pieces.  She said I was to rub it all over her bottom as it came out.  My hand got
really poopy and the smell was very bad.  She said I was to rub it over her cunny as well.

When she finished, she said did I want her to stand in the corner because she was naughty.  
I did'nt know if I did, so she said she would anyway.  She said I should lie on the floor and 
watch her.  After a while, Mommy said she was ready for her spanking now, and that I should sit
in the chair.  Mommy came over and told me to pull the panties down to her ankles, like she did
to me.

She then gave me her belt and bent over my lap.  She said I was to spank her bottom really hard
until she said stop.  She said if it was'nt hard enough, she would spank my cunny again.  
I started to spank her and she grunted and shook.  I think she had come again.  Then she made
me spank her cunny.  She really liked that, and I liked spanking her because it did'nt hurt me.

There was poop everywhere, and my room smelt real bad.  When I finished spanking her, Mommy 
said that we must clean up the room.  We took the cloths of the floor and washed the chairs and
everything.  Then Mommy sprayed some perfume and the room smelt nice again.  We went into the 
bathroom and had a nice hot shower.  Mommy made sure I was clean all over.

She said it was time for a sleep and took me to the changing table.  She put a new diaper on me
and said I was a good baby.  She put me in the crib and shut the gate.  She said I was to go 
to sleep, and that I was not allowed to get out of the crib.  She said she could see me on her 
TV upstairs, and would know if I was naughty.    She locked the gate and went up the stairs.  
I went to sleep dreaming about Mommys cunny.  

Mommy woke me up and said it was time for dinner.  She opend the crib gate and said I was to 
crawl over to the changing table.  She spread my legs with the straps and changed my diaper. 
She said I was a bit sore and put some powder on me.   She said I could wear a nice flowery
frock, and helped me choose one from the drawer.  Then I crawled over to the stairs and Mommy
helped me to go up to the kitchen.

She put me in the High Chair and gave me a bowl filled with a sort of meat and jelly.  It 
did'nt smell very nice but Mommy said it had lots of vitamins and would make my hair shine.  
She helped me with the spoon, and made me eat all of my dinner.  I did'nt like the taste much,
but mommy said that I was to get used to it because this was my dinner from now on.  After I 
finished, Mommy took me to the playpen and gave me a bottle of warm milk to drink.  This tasted
much better and washed the taste of my dinner from my mouth.

Mommy said that I was to excercise each day, or I would get fat.  She made me crawl into 
another room where there was a sort of bicycle with no wheels and some other things.  She made
me get on the bicycle and tied my feet to the pedals.  She said I was to start pedalling, and 
if I stopped she would give my titties a real spanking.  I was pedalling for ages and got quite
tired.  Then she put me on a machine with a moving floor and said I was to run on the floor.  
She made me run very fast and I got out of breath.  When she was pleased with my running, she 
said I could stop and we went back into the living room where she put me in the playpen again. 
She said I would have to excercise every day. 

By now I was very wet and needed changing, but Mommy said I would have to wait as she was busy.
She said it was nearly my bedtime and she would change me then.  She went to the telephone, 
which was locked in a little cupboard and started talking to someone.  She was talking about me
because she said that I had arrived and was a good baby.  She told her friend about me 
drinking her pee and how she spanked me.  She said that I liked pooping in my panties and how 
it excited her to watch.  She said her friend could come round tomorrow and see me.

When she finished on the phone, she put it back in the cupboard and locked the door.  She said
that my Uncle Jim would be visiting me tomorrow and wanted to play some games with me.  
I thought that would be neat. 

We went down to my room and she took off my diaper and frock.  She said I was to get a bedtime 
spanking because I was naughty and spilled her pee on the floor and had tried to run away.  She
put me over her lap and really spanked me very hard with her belt.  My bottom was already
quite sore, and the spanking made me cry.  She then put a clean diaper on me and some new 
plastic panties and put me in my crib. She put a Pacifier in my mouth and tied the ribbons 
round the back of my head.  She put some mittems on my hands and said I was not to take the 
pacifier out of my mouth.  She said to dream sweet dreams and she would see me in the morning.
I was crying because of my bedtime spanking and took a long time to go to sleep.  I dreamed 
that I was back in my old room with Mary the Social Worker watching out for me and my Boyfriend
Roger coming round and being real nice to me.  I really wished I was back in my old room 
again.

Next morning Mommy came and woke me up.  She took out my pacifier and took off the mittens.  
I was very glad about that because my mouth hurt, and my hands were all hot and sticky.   
She opened the gate and said I was to crawl over to the stairs and go up to the Kitchen.  I 
said I was wet and needed changing, but Mommy said later.  She sat me in the High Chair and 
gave me a bowl of the pureed cornflakes using a spoon to feed me. I hated the taste of this 
and spat it out.  Mommy started to shout at me, she slapped my face very hard and made my cheek 
all red.  She said I was very naughty and she would have to teach me the value of good food. 
She said I would have one more chance to eat my breakfast or she would slap me again.  My face
was hurting very much, so I opened my mouth and let Mommy feed me.

After breakfast Mommy said I was a lazy girl, and would have to learn how to clean the house.  
She fetched a thing she called a vacum cleaner and started it going.  She showed me how to push
it round the room and clean any mess on the floor.  She said I had to do all the rooms and she
would look at my work and give me a hard spanking if she thought I was not doing it good 
enough.  I was wearing only my diaper, which was really wet and made the plastic panties start 
to fall down.  My pee was starting to leak out and run down my leg.  Mommy said I was to get on
with it and watch I did'nt get any pee on the floor.

I was very careful and not let my pee drip on the floor and started to push the cleaner as 
mommy had shown me.  When I had finished the living room mommy came and looked and said I had 
miised quite a bit of dust and that I must do it again.  I started to cry and said that I was
really wet and needed changing.  Mommy said that Uncle Jim would change me when he arrived, 
but first I had to clean the room again.  She said I had earned a big spanking for not doing 
it properly.  When I finsehed again, mommy said it was better but not that good.  Just then 
the bell rang, and mommy said I was to get in the playpen whilst she answed the door.  She 
shut the gate and went out.

When she came back she had a man with her.  He was very tall and good looking.  He smiled at
me and I could see his teeth, which wer nice and white.

He said hello to me and asked my name.  I said my name was Jenny and he said that Mommy had 
told him I was 24 years old.  I said that I was really only 10 years old in my head and was 
a baby.  He said I should call him Uncle Jim, and that I did'nt look like a baby to him.  
Mommy said just look at her wet diaper, and then tell me that she's not a baby.  Uncle Jim 
said if I was only a mental 10, then he was'nt surprised that I wore diapers.  He asked if I 
needed changing and would like him to have a look at my diaper.

I said that I would like that beacuse I was really wet.  Mommy said to look out because I 
had'nt pooped yet today.  Uncle Jim looked pleased and said where should he change me.  Mommy 
made him take me to my room, saying that she did'nt want my poop over her living room.  Mommy
said she had to go to the Mall, and would leave me with Uncle Jim.

Uncle Jim took my diaper off and wiped my cunny and bottom and legs.  He said  that I had a 
lovely smooth cunny.  I told him that Mommy took off all my hairs with her shaver.  Uncle Jim 
said he would like to have done that, and perhaps Mommy would let him next time my hairs grew.
He said I looked really nice being naked for him and asked if I knew what sex was.  I said 
that's when a boy puts his cock in a girls cunny.  He asked how I knew, and I said that me and 
Roger my boyfriend used to do it a lot and that Roger had shown me a lot of games.  He wanted 
to know about Roger, and I told him that Roger had been put in prison by the Police for having
sex with a girl who was only twelve.   He said that as I was 24 years old, it would have been 
alright for Roger to have sex with me.  He asked if I liked it, and I said I did.

He started to stroke my cunny, and run his fingers up and down my bottom.  he said did I like 
that, and I said that's what Mommy does.  He said he knew what Mommy did and the games we 
played.  he said that Mommy had told him what a good little sexy girl I was, and how I liked 
to poop in my panties.  I said that was my favorite game and he said we could play it now if 
I needed to poop.  I said I probably did, so he said I should get a pair of my favorite 
panties.  I fetched my nice white panties with the little ducks on.  Uncle Jim said did I do
it in the bathroom, and I said no, Mommys has a rubber sheet in the cupboard.  Uncle Jim
fetched the sheet and laid it on the floor.  he helped me put the panties on, and said how 
did I do it.

I said that I liked to stand up and let the poop just come out of my bottom into my panties.
I said that Mommy liked to watch and made me open my legs wide.  I said that sometimes she
put her hand on my bottom and spread the poop all over me.  Uncle Jim was a bit excited and 
said I should go ahead.

I stood on the rubber sheet and Uncle Jim sat down on the floor and held my legs open.  He 
started to stroke my bottom and said he was ready to watch.  I really needed to poop, and it
started to come out into my panties.  Uncle Jim was really excited and said he would put his
hand in my panties and feel the poop coming out.  He stroked my bottom and spread the poop all
round me and it went in my cunny as well.  I needed to pee as well, and that all went in my 
panties and made the poop all run down my legs.

He said I was very good at pooping in my panties, and I said that I thought it was neat because
it felt so good.   When I had finished, Uncle Jim said I was to stay still while he washed his
hands and looked at me some more.   He went to the bathroom and when he came back he said to 
stay still while he fetched his camera and took some pictures of my poopy panties.   He went 
upstairs and came back with his camera and started to take a lot of pictures.  He said he 
wanted some real close pictures and his camera was nearly touching my poopy legs.  When he
finished, he said he would carry me to the bath otherwise I would drip poop all over the 
place.  He wrapped a towel round me and took me to the bathroom.

When we went into the bathroom, he took off my panties and put them in a bucket.  He wiped my
bottom and legs with some paper and said I should get in the bath.  He turned on the shower
and said that he would need to get in with me to make sure I was really clean. So he took off 
all his clothes and washed me all over with soap and a flannel, it felt really good, specially
when he washed inside my cunny with the shower.  When we finished we climbed out of the shower
and stood there.  His cock was very big and hard and really stuck out in front of him.  It was
quite hairy and his balls were very hairy too.

He took my hand and led me back to my room.  We sat on the sofa and he said I should sit on his
lap.  We were both naked and wet and it felt nice to sit on his lap.  I could feel his cock 
against my cunny and he started to rub his fingers up and down my bottom.  That felt good as 
well.  My cunny felt very wet and I felt his cock start to go inside me.  It seemed to be ever
so long and went really deep inside me.  He said that I was a really good girl and should 
start to move my cunny up and down his cock.  when I started,  he said I should go faster and 
faster.  I soon started to get that wonderful feeling and knew I had come.  After quite a long
time he started to shake and groan,  I knew he had come and I could feel his come filling my
cunny.

When he finished shaking and coming, we just stayed together with his cock in my cunny until 
it started to go soft.  Uncle Jim said that I really knew how to fuck a man and said that I
should kneel down and suck his cock until it was all hard again.  His come was running out 
of my cunny and down my legs.  He wiped me with his fingers and then licked his come off with
his mouth.

I started to suck his cock and slowly it got all hard again.  Uncle Jim said he was nearly 
ready to fuck me again but said he would lick the come out of my cunny first.  He said I should
lie down on the sofa and he turned round and laid down next to me with his tongue in my cunny.
He said I must carry on sucking his cock and said I should stroke his bottom as well.

When he had licked out all his come he said that this time he wanted to fuck me in the bum,
and said I should lie down and lift my legs over his head.  He pushed my legs apart and rubbed
some of his come in my bottom.  I felt his cock go in and it felt wonderful.  He pushed and 
pulled his cock in and out really fast and I felt him come again.  Afterwards he said he would
lick my bum and clean me up.  He fetched his camera and took a lot more pictures of my cunny 
and my bottom.  He really reminded me of my boyfriend Roger, and the things we used to do 
together.  (See part 1)

He said he would now put my diaper on and I could go to sleep in my crib.  Just then Mommy
came back and asked him if I had been a good little girl.  Uncle said I had been very nice to
him and he had enjoyed being with me.  Mommy said that was good because she would have given 
me a real hard spanking if I had been bad.  They put me in the crib with my pacifier and I soon
went to sleep.

When Mommy woke me the next morning she took me upstairs to breakfast.  Afterwards she said 
she would change me, and that we wre going out to the Mall, where she was going to buy me some
new clothes.  Afterwards we would go to the park, where I would be able to play.

When we arrived at the Mall, Mommy took me into a clothes shop and bought me some lovely 
frocks, which were quite short and frilly.  Then she bought me a school uniform. I asked if 
I was going to school, and she said that Uncle Jim had told her what to buy. Just as Mommy was
paying for the clothes, I pooped in my diaper.  The assistant asked what the smell was, and 
Mommy told her that it was me, and that she would have to change me.  Mommy took me to the baby
room and said I was to lay on the floor whilst she changed me.  A man was already in the room
changing his baby's diaper, and he asked Mommy why I wore diapers.  I was most embarrased.  
Mommy said that I was a simple girl and coul'nt control myself.  The man was most interested 
in me, and watched very carefully as Mommy changed me.  He asked if he could help, but Mommy 
had finished and said that perhaps next time we came to the mall he might be there.

We then went into anther shop and Mommy bought me some new nighties.  Like the skirts, they 
were very short and showed my diaper when I tried them on.  

When we had finished, Mommy put me in the car, and said we were of to the Park.  When we 
arrived Mommy took me to the Playground and said I could play with some other children if 
I liked.  I went on the swings and said hello to the children.  They all laughed at me and 
said I was to big to play on the swings.  Mommy told the children's mommies that I was really 
only a 10yr old in my head, and that I had to wear diapers because I pooped myself a lot.  
The children all gathered round me and said they wanted to see my diapers, so Mommy lifted up
my frock and showed them.  I did'nt like that much.   Mommy said I should carry on l playing 
whilst she talked to the other Mommies.  The children were really nasty to me and started to 
pull my hair and pinch my legs.  I started to cry, but Mommy did'nt stop them.

When we arrived home, Mommy said she would undress me and change me, and I could go to the 
excercise room for some running, and  then I could have a sleep in my crib until the evening,
when she was taking me to see her friend, Doctor Jean.  

When Mommy came back she asked if I had wet or pooped my diaper.  I said I was only a bit wet,
so Mommy said she would have to clean my bottom of poop before we could go to see her friend.


She told me to climb on the changing table and put the straps round my legs and pulled my 
bottom up. She put a towel under me and said it was time I had another enema. She fetched the
bag and tube and spread some cold jelly on my bottom and then started to push the tube into
me.  As it went into me,  I could feel it pushing on my insides. Mommy said she was going to 
fill me with soapy water to clean me out.  She started to let the water run into me and it was
very hot and made me feel all funny.

Mommy said that I had been filled with half a gallon and she put a plug into my bottom.  She 
said I must hold it inside me until she was ready to let the water out.  She took me to the 
potty and said I was to sit down.  It seemed ages before she reached between my legs and pulled
the plug out.  The water was all poopy and rushed out into the potty, some went on the floor,
but Mommy was very pleased and said I was nice and clean.

She put my diaper on and dressed me in a really nice frock.  She gave me some slippers and said
I was to put them on.  She took my hand and we went upstairs to the Car.  Mommy said I was to 
sit in the back, and she put the safety belt round me very tightly.  Mommy said I must be still
and not wriggle around.  Mommy drove the car and we went to see her friend, Doctor Jean.  
When we arrived the door was shut, but Mommy said that the Doctor was waiting for us and rang 
the bell.  A lady dressed in a nurse's uniform let us in.  She told Mommy to go to the Doctors 
room, and she would get me ready for my inspection.

The nurse took me into a room which had a long sofa, a table and some chairs.  It also had a 
table that looked just like my changing table in the nursery.  The nurse took off my frock, and
was very surprised to see my diaper.  She said that I must be a big baby to wear a diaper.  
She took off my diaper and put a litlle short nightie on me.  It was quite funny and had 
buttons up the back.  The nurse said she would help me to lie on the sofa and I was to wait 
for the Doctor.  Just as she was about to leave the room I suddenly needed to pee, and it went
all over the sofa.  The nurse was really cross and said that I should be toilet trained by 
now.  She said I needed a good spanking,  and said I should stand in the corner while she 
cleaned the floor.  As she was cleaning the floor the Doctor and Mommy came in.  Mommy said
that I was very naughty for peeing, but I said I could'nt help it, it just came out.  The
Doctor said not to worry and told the nurse to take me to the bathroom and wash me.  The nurse
took my hand and pulled me to the bathroom where she made me stand in the bath while she 
washed me with the shower.  It felt really nice, just like the wash that Uncle Jim had given
me.

When we went back to the room, the Doctor said I was to get on the sofa again.  She did all 
sorts of things to me.  She looked into my eyes and mouth, felt my tummy and put a shiny silver
thing on my tummy and listened to it.  She did the same to my back. Then she put some sticky 
things all over me and started a machine which, she said, would tell her what my heart was 
doing. She made me get on a machine and measured me and weighed me. She said I was to get on 
the changing table, and put my legs into the straps, which she pulled tight and spread my legs
wide apart.  She felt in my cunny and put some fingers in my bottom.
 
Then she fetched a silver thing that looked like some spoons and said she was going to open my
cunny a little so she could look inside.  She put the silver spoons into my cunny and it felt
like my cunny was really being streched open.  Then the Doctor looked right into me.

She said that I was very healthy, and that I had obviously been naughty as I had been spanked a
lot and had been well fucked recently.  Mommy said that I was a very sexy girl and her friend
Jim had been playing with me.  The Doctor laughed.  She asked Mommy if I was taking the pill,
and Mommy said that my Social Worker had made sure that I was, but now she was looking after
me she would need some more.  The Doctor wrote on some paper and gave it to Momy saying that 
I must always take a pill each morning to make sure that I could'nt make babies.   Mommy said 
that she always put it in my Breakfast and made sure that I ate it.

When the Doctor finished, the nurse put my diaper on and helped me to put my frock and slippers
on.  Mommy said that she was glad I was in good health and put me back in her car.  When we
got home Mommy said I could have my dinner and go in my playpen until it was bedtime.  She

said I was a really good girl, and I was pleased.
  

End of Part 3.

In Part 4 Jenny's new Uncle becomes her Daddy, and starts to Pimp her and makes her a whore. 
Jenny begins to regret moving from her own room and wants to go back.




Baby Jenny by BJ

BABY JENNY PART 4

For the first few days after Mommy had taken me to see her friend, the Doctor, my life settled
down to a familiar routine.

Mommy would change me at bedtime, putting a clean diaper on me, together with a pair of plastic
panties.  She would put a pacifier in my mouth, tying the ribbons around my head.  Mommy said
this was to stop it falling out during the night.  She then put a pair of mittens on my hands,
tying them together, which she said wasl to stop them falling off my hands.

She said I did not need a nightie, as it was really warm in the Nursery.  She shut the gate on
my crib, and put a litle lock on it, which, Mommy said, was to make sure I stayed safe during
the night.  When I looked up, I could see my ceiling through the bars over my head.  It was
painted a really nice pink, and had lots of stars on it.  I usually went to sleep dreaming of
the real sky, which I did'nt seem to see very much since I moved to Mommys house.

In the mornings, mommy would wake me up and help me out of my crib.  She would make me stand
still while she took off my mittens and took the pacifier out.  I was very glad when she did
that, because it made my mouth ache, and was very uncomfortable.  I asked Mommy if I could sleep
without the mittens and pacifier, but she said the mittens were to stop me  undoing my diapers
and stroking my cunny, and the pacifier was to keep me quiet during the night, as she did'nt
want to be disturbed by a crying baby.

Mommy would then take me to the changing table, where she would make me lie down, fix the straps
to my legs and lift them up,  she would then take off my diaper and wash my cunny and my bottom. 
After putting a clean diaper on, she would tell me to crawl to the stairs, and go up to the
kitchen for my breakfast where Mommy would put me in the high chair and tie a bib round my neck.

Breakfast was always the same. It was pureed cornflakes.  Mommy said this was really good for me
and would keep me clean inside.  I would have a bottle of milk and Mommy said that I had to
drink it all up.  Mommy also made me take a little white pill each morning.  She said it was to
stop me making babies, which is what Mary used to tell me, but I really did not know how  I
could make babies anyway.

After breakfast Mommy would make me crawl into the excercise  room, where she would make me ride
the funny bike with no wheels or run on the moving floor.  When I was tired out, Mommy would let
me crawl over to my Playpen, where I would play with my dollies and watch some cartoons on TV. 
Sometimes I would go to sleep.

After I had played in the playpen, Mommy would make me do some cleaning and polishing.  She 
would then take me down to the Nursery, where we would play the sex games that Mommy liked so
much.

One day she said it was time that I shaved her cunny again, and she fetched her shaver and said
I could also take off the hairs on her bottom.  I liked doing this as it excited me to play with
Mommy's cunny.  She said I should lick her all over to make sure that I had taken off all her
hairs

Mommys favorite game was the one where she stood up and made me put my mouth on her cunny.  She
said I was to press my mouth hard against her, while she did a pee.  Her pee would run down my
throat, and I had to drink it all up.  One time when I spilled some, mommy put me on the
changing table and spread my legs apart with the straps.  She fetched her leather belt and
really spanked my cunny.  It hurt very much and made me do a pee, which made Mommy even more
angry, and she spanked me even harder.  I cried very much because it hurt.  Mommy said she loved
me and it was for my own good.

Mommy liked to drink my pee, and often made me stand in the corner until I had to pee.  I had to
tell her I wanted to pee, and if I did it on the floor, she would start the spanking all over
again.  My cunny gets very red and very sore when she spanks it.

Mommy says I am only a baby, and won't let me use the potty unless she is there to watch me pee
or poop.  She says I must use my diapers like a little baby.  I don't mind this as I do like
peeing and pooping in my diapers.  I like to poop in my panties and let it all run down my legs, 
this makes me feel real good.  Sometimes Mommy lets me do it if I have been a good girl and
played nicely with her.

One day mommy took off her panties and sat down  on my potty, doing a really big poop. When she
had finished, she said it was time I learned to be her toilet paper. She lied down on the sofa
and opened her legs very wide.  She made me put my nose against her bottom, which was all poopy,
and lick her bottom clean.  I did'nt like that at all.  Her poop tasted horrible and it made me
sick.  Mommy made me clean up the sick, and then said I was to carry on cleaning her bottom. 
When I had finished Mommy said that she was going to punish me for being sick. She said I had to
learn to like the taste of poop. She fetched a towel and emptied her poop out of the potty onto
the towel. Then she made me sit on the floor and she wrapped the towel all round my face.  Her
poop went all over me, in my hair and up my nose.  It was horrible.  I did'nt know why she did
it to me because I was trying to be a good girl and do what she said. I was very unhappy now,
and really wished I was back in my own room with my Job and Mary to look after me.   Mommy made
me keep the towel round my face for ages before she undid it, and I could hardly breath and
nearly fainted.

She fetched her camera and took lots of pictures of me all covered in poop. Then she said I was
a filthy child and needed a spanking. I was still all poopy, but Mommy put me over her lap and
spanked me with her belt.  It hurt a lot, but not as much as when she spanks my cunny.  I did'nt
know why I was naughty and a filthy child, because Mommy had done it to me, and it was'nt my
fault.

When she finished spanking me she made me crawl into the bathroom, where she washed me with the
shower.  She had the water very hot and it started to really burn me and hurt my sore bottom. 
She used the shower to wash inside my cunny, which made me feel a bit better. 

After that day, Mommy often made me be her toilet paper, but I hated it as it always made me
feel sick.  But I did'nt dare be sick, otherwise Mommy would get so mad and really smack me with
the belt.

One day, I was in my Playpen, when Uncle Jim came to see me agian.  He said Hello, he had come
over to see me and to play with me again.  He said that Mommy had told him I was good at being a
toilet paper and that he wanted me to show him how I do it. He took me to a new room upstairs
that I had'nt seen before.

It was a very nice room with a window.  It had a really big bed, some chairs and things.  In the
corner was another door, which Uncle Jim said was the bathroom. The floor was just shiny lino
and there was'nt any carpets. There were lots of shelves on one wall, and I could see all sorts
of things, but I only knew what one or two were.  There was several of the didos that Mommy had
shown me before and some canes and spanking paddles.   On the ceiling were some hooks, and
hanging from them were several sorts of straps.  Uncle Jim said that he had made this room
specially for playing with me.

Uncle Jim took off my diaper and said I really looked lovely when I was naked, and that I was
his favorite girl.  That made me feel quite good. He said I must be very careful not to pee or
poop while I had my diaper off, or he would be very angry with me.  He said if I felt that I
needed to go, I should tell him.  Uncle Jim said that I should now undress him, and made me take
off his shirt and trousers until he was naked as well.  His cock was very hard and very big.  It
stood out straight and I could see his balls were hard as well. He said he wanted to look at my
cunt first to see if it was very hairy.  I knew he meant my cunny but he likes to call it my
cunt.

He said he would shave me. and fetched his shaver.  He rubbed it all over my cunny and my
bottom, then he said that I was to shave him next.  He said I should hold his cock with one hand
and rub the shaver around it with the other.  He lay down on the bed with his legs open.  After
a while he said I must shave his arse, which I knew meant his bottom.  He reached down and
opened his bottom and said I should get on with it.  He said that If I did not do it properly,
he would spank my cunt and make me do it again until it was done properly.  I tried really hard
to do it as he wanted, but he said it was not good enough.  He said that I was to go over to the
shelves and bring back a belt for him to spank me with.  There was only one belt on the shelf,
so I picked it up and took it to him.  He then made me lie on the floor and pulled some straps
down from the ceiling.  They were fixed to a long sort of stick, which was hanging from the
ceiling on some rope.  He fixed the straps round my ankles and pulled the rope, which lifted me
upside down,  right up in the air.  My legs were held really wide apart by the stick, and I was
very afraid.  When my head was just off the floor he stopped and said that I looked very good
upside down.  I started to feel very dizzy, and shouted that I wanted him to let me go.

He fetched a dido that looked just like his cock and put it in my mouth.  He tied some straps
round my head and pulled the dido so tight that I could'nt speak and could only cry to myself. 
He picked up the belt and spanked my bottom and my cunny with it.  I felt like I was on fire it
hurt so much. He spanked me lots of times and started to spank my legs as well,  and I was very
sore and hurting.  I just did not know why he was doing this to me, as I was always nice to him
and played with him.  As he was spanking me, I suddenly did a pee, which ran all over me and
dripped onto the floor.  It made the belt wet, which made it hurt even worse when he spanked me. 
Uncle Jim was very mad, and said the he had told me to tell him when I wanted to do a pee.  I
could'nt talk as I still had the dido in my mouth and could only cry to myself.

After a while, he let me down and took the dido out of my mouth. I was very glad that he had
taken it out, as I had a hard job to breath while it was in me.  Then he said that I was to lick
up all my pee from the floor.  It was cold and tasted horrible, but Uncle Jim held my hair and
pushed my face onto the floor, and I had to do as I was told.  When I had finished, he wiped my
face with a towel, and  said that I had better start shaving him again, but properly this time,
if I did not want another dose of the strap.  I was very careful and made sure that I took off
all his hairs this time.  He said that was much better, and that I had certainly learned my
lesson.

Uncle Jim then asked if I needed to poop.  I said that I was'nt sure if I did because I hurt so
much.  He told me to bend over the bed and spread my legs apart so that he could feel in my
bottom to see if there was any poop ready to come out.  He said he could feel it in my bottom,
and made me lick his fingers clean.  My poop tasted horrible and I was nearly sick again. 

Uncle Jim said that he was going to fuck me in the arse, and said I should reach behind me and
pull my bottom open.  He spread some vasaline on my bottom and started to push his cock in me. 
It went in quite easy, and did'nt hurt to much.  In fact, I quite liked the feeling that it gave
me.  He started to fuck me by pushing it in and pulling out very quickly.  After some time, he
made a lot of grunting noises and shook all over.  I knew he had cum, and I could feel his cum
going up my bottom. It felt nice and I liked that feeling.

When he pulled his cock out, it had started to go soft, so he made me kneel in front of him and
he put his cock in my mouth.   It tasted horrible. It had my poop all over it and it had his cum
on it.  He got hold of my hair and made me suck it until it got all big and hard again.  It was
right down my throat and I thought I was going to die because I could'nt breath again.  All of a
sudden I just had to get it out, so I bit him very hard with my teeth. He jerked his cock out of
my mouth and screamed in agony.  I was very pleased that I had hurt him.  He was really angry
now, and started to slap my face very hard.   He said that I was going to get another real
spanking and that he was going to pull all my teeth out, then I could'nt bite him again.

I was so  scared now, and said I was very sorry that I had done it and promised that I would be
good, but please don't pull my teeth out.  he went over to the shelves and got some silver
things that looked like pliers.  He threw me on the bed, and sat on my tummy.  he got hold of my
nose and squeezed it until I could'nt breath, and had to open my mouth. he put the pliers on one
of my teeth and held it very tight.  he said that this was my only warning, and next time he
would finish the job.  I was so scared that I could not stop myself from pooping, and it went
all over the bed and Uncle Jims legs.  He stood up and said that he was fed up with me.  he made
me lick my poop from his legs until they were clean.  Then he held my hair and pushed my face
into my poop on the bed.  he held me there and it went all over my face and in my nose and
mouth.  It was horrible and I wanted to die.  I knew then that I hated Uncle Jim and Mommy.

When he let me up, he wiped my face with a towel, and said that he was nearly ready to poop, but
he would spank me some more first.  This time he tied the straps round my wrists, and pulled me
up until my feet were off the ground.  Then he got something he called a riding crop, and
started to hit my titties very hard.

All of a sudden, he stopped hitting me and let me down onto the floor.  he said I should get my
potty quickly, so I ran over to it and brought it to Uncle Jim.  He sat down on the potty, just
like Mommy does, and started to poop.  When he finished, he stood up and said I should have a
look at it.  It looked real horrible and I wanted to be sick.  Uncle Jim lay on the bed and
lifted up his bottom.  He said if I did a good job of cleaning him, he might not spank me again. 
I pressed my nose into his bottom and started to lick him clean.  It was just like cleaning
Mommy, and I hated it.

When I had finished, he said that it was time for me to get the room cleaned up.  He made me
wash the floor and change the bed cover.  I had to put all the dirty things in a plastic bag,
ready for me to wash later.  After I cleaned the room, Uncle Jim took me into the bathroom, and
made me get in the bathtub.  He washed me all over, and washed my hair.  When I was clean, he
got a clean diaper and put it on me.  Then he said I should go downstairs.   When we reached the
living room, Mommy was sitting in the chair.  She looked at my red legs and titties and asked
Uncle jim what he had been doing to me.  When Uncle Jim told her, she got a little mad, and said
that he should be more careful.  Uncle Jim said that I had crapped on him, and he punished me
for doing it.   Uncle Jim then said that she had better get me toilet trained, because the
Punters would'nt stand for me crapping on them, unless they wanted me to.

Mommy said that he surely did'nt mean to go ahead with his plans, but Uncle Jim said I was his
meal ticket, and had to earn my keep.  Mommy said that she would look after me and make sure I
did'nt get hurt too much.  I really did'nt know what they were talking about, and was getting
very scared again.  Mommy said that Uncle Jim was going to live with us now, and that I should
call him Daddy.

Mommy said I should go to the nursery and get some sleep, so she took me downstairs and put me
in my crib, locking the gate.  She said that I could sleep without the pacifier and mittens this
time.




Baby Jenny by BJ

BABY JENNY PART 5.


Since Daddy told Mommy that I must be toilet trained,  Mommy does'nt let me wear diapers during
the day anymore.  She makes me wear training panties, which are quite thick, and have a plastic
cover.  I still wear a diaper to bed, but Mommy says when I am toilet trained, I will be able to
go to bed in just ordinary panties.  I said that I liked wearing diapers and did'nt want to be
toilet trained, but Mommy said  that she has to do as Daddy says, or he will get angry with her. 
I don't want to get Mommy in trouble with Daddy, so I am trying my best to be toilet trained.

Mommy gets me up as usual, but instead of putting a new diaper on, she make me sit on the potty
for ages, until I manage to pee,  then she puts the training panties on me, and takes me to
breakfast.  She says I have to be very good, and tell her if I feel that I need to pee, or poop. 
She says it will take a long time to get me dry, but Daddy says that I must stop wearing diapers
now.  I am really trying hard, but if I have an accident, Daddy takes me upstairs and spanks me
really hard.  Yesterday, I could'nt help pooping during breakfast, and Daddy went wild with
anger.  He told Mommy that she was supposed to get me ready for work, but all I did was crap in
my panties.   This confused me a little, because I did'nt have a job any more and I wondered
where I would go for work.  Mommy said that he must be more patient with me, and said that I was
learning quite quickly.  Daddy said that a good beating would teach me a lot quicker.

I still have to do my exercises on the bike and moving floor each day, but now when I am put in
the Playpen, I really have to be careful and call Mommy when I feel that I need to pee.

After some days I am getting quite good at calling Mommy when I need to go, and can actually
hold my pee in until I can sit on the potty.  Mommy said that I would soon be able to use the
big girls toilet, just like her and Daddy.  I was really pleased with this.  I still have
trouble with my pooping, and have quite a few accidents.   This morning after my exercises Daddy
said that a friend of his was coming round to see me.  He said that his friend George would want
me to go upstairs to the special room and play with him.  I knew this meant that George would
play sex games with me, and I hoped that he would be kind and not spank me too hard.

Daddy said that I must be really nice to his friend, because he would ask him if I had been
good, and if George said that I had been bad, he would give me a good thrashing.  Daddy told
Mommy to get me ready.  He said I was to have a really hot bath with lots of bath salts.  He
said I must wear a nice white frock and white panties.  He said I should put on white socks and
a pair of white shoes.  He told Mommy to brush my hair and put it into bunches with white
ribbons.

When Mommy had finished bathing and dressing me, Daddy said I looked just right, and took a lot
of pictures of me.  He told me to lift up my frock so he could see my panties, and took some
more pictures.  Daddy said I should go and stand in the corner until he said I could move. 
After a while, I heard the door bell ring, and heard Mommy open the door.  She said you must be
George, please come in, and I heard them come into the living room.  Daddy told George that I
was the girl he had told him about, and said I should turn round and say hello to George.

When I turned round I was quite surprised.  George was black, and very tall and thin.  Daddy
said that I must lift up my frock and show myself to George.   George said I looked just like
Daddy had described, and I would do very nicely.  Daddy said that I cost $150 an hour and George
said that he wanted me for at least two hours.  He took out his wallet, and gave Daddy some
dollars.  Daddy said that George must tell him how good or bad I was when he left, and George
said that he sure would do that.  Daddy said now he could take me upstairs to the special room.
He said that he had put my name on the door.  George took my hand and led me upstairs.  He
opened the door and said I should go in first.

When we got inside, George shut the door and locked it, taking the key out of the door and
putting it in his pocket.  He said that we would not be interrupted now.  George said I was to
stand up straight while he looked at me.  he lifted my frock right up, and said I should hold it
up for him.  He pushed my legs apart and looked at my panties. He put his fingers in the side of
the panties and pulled them to one side, saying that he wanted to get a good look at my cunt. 
He started to stroke me, and it felt really nice.  Then he took hold of my frock and pulled it
right off me, saying that I had really nice titties.  He took hold of my titties and started to
squeeze them.  It felt good until he pinched my nipples, which hurt and made me gasp.  He
squeezed harder and I cried out in pain.  George said that he liked it when girls cried in pain. 
The he got down on his knees and started to pull my panties down.  He put his nose against my
cunny and said that I smelled nice and clean.  I said that Mommy had just bathed me.  George
said that I should'nt talk unless he said I could, as he liked his girls to be quiet unless they
were crying.

George took off my panties and pushed my legs apart.  He started to stroke his hand up and down
my legs.  It felt very nice.  He turned me round and sniffed my bottom.  he said that it was
nice and clean.  He said that Daddy had told him I liked to poop in my panties, and that I had
to wear diapers.  He said he would like me to poop for him, and said I could speak and tell him
if I needed to do a poop.  I said not at the moment, and he said that I must tell him when I do.

He stood up and said that it was time for me to undress him.  He said I should start byundoing
his shirt.  When I took his shirt off, I could see that he was really thin and had a nice flat
tummy.  Then he said I was to undo his shoes and take them off with his socks.   He then said I
should undo his belt and help him take his trousers off.  I could see his cock under his pants,
and it looked very big and hard.  He said I should stroke his legs and rub his cock with my
face.   I put my face against his pants, and I could feel his hard cock with my cheeks.  I
started to rub my face on him, as he had told me. It seemed that I could feel his cock grow even
bigger.

After a while he said that it was time to let his cock out of it's cage, and said I must pull
his pants down.  I was absolutely amazed when I saw his cock.  It was huge, at least twice the
size of Daddys.   George asked if I had ever seen anything like it before, and I said no fear,
it was the biggest I had ever seen.  George said it was 12" long and nearly 3" thick.  He told
me to pull the head of it back, and to put it in my mouth.  I said it was too big and would
choke me.  George said that he had not given me permission to speak, and that he would now have
to punish me.  He went over to the shelves and looked through the things that were there.  He
picked up a thin cane and said that this looked about right.  He said I was to get 20 strokes of
the cane on my bottom, and made me bend over his lap.  he was very strong, and held me very
tightly.  he raised that cane and brought it down very hard on my bottom.  I cried out in pain,
and George said that it was okay for me to cry. The pain was un-imaginable, much much worse than
when Mommy or Daddy had spanked me with the belt.  The cane made loud whistling noises as he hit
my bottom with it.  He counted the strokes, and when he got to 18, he said that the last 2 would
be on my cunt.  He made me lie on the bed and raise my legs in the air.  Then he caned my cunny. 
That  hurt even more than the caning on my bottom, and a lot more than it did when Daddy spanked
my cunny with the belt.

I was really crying badly now.  My bottom and cunny felt like they were on fire.  George said I
should dry my eyes and take his cock into my mouth, or I would get some more.  He said I needed
to be careful with my teeth, because Daddy had told him that I bite, and that if I bit him, I
would certainly regret it.  He put the head of his cock against my lips, and I opened my mouth
as wide as I could.  His cock started to go in, and I could feel it going down my throat.  I was
nearly choking, but he said I must learn to breath through my nose.  I was very scared, I was
afraid I might hurt him with my teeth, and I was afraid I might die.

He kept pushing his cock into my mouth until there was only about 3" left.  he said that would
do for now, and that he would train me to take the rest next time.  His cock did'nt taste very
nice, and I could tell that he had'nt washed it.

He jerked his cock in and out of my mouth, and I could feel him start to come.  His come shot
out and nearly made me choke as I swallowed it.  He said come on baby, drink it all up.   After
he finished coming, he pulled his cock out, and I was surprised to see that I had'nt gone soft
at all.  It was still as huge as before.  George looked at me and said that I was probably
expecting his cock to go soft.  I nodded my head, and George said that he had trained himself to
remain hard.  He said his record was 15 times in one session, all without it going soft.  I was
very scared because I thought that meant he would do it to me  15 times and I knew it would make
me very sore and hurt a lot.  Daddy only ever managed about 3 times in one day.  George said did
I want to poop yet, and I shook my head.  I did'nt want to say anything because I did'nt want
another caning like before.

George said that it was time for a real fucking, and said I should lie down and open my legs for
him.  He felt my cunny, and said I was nice and wet.  I could feel his cock at the entrance to
my cunny.  He started to push it in, and I felt that it would probably come out of my mouth, it
was so long.  It went in and in until I could feel his balls hitting my bottom. My cunny was
really stretched like it had never been before. and it hurt like mad.  He started to fuck me
really fast, and then he stopped. He said that he had not paid $300 dollars for me to just lie
there, and that I had better start to fuck him back. He said that Dady had told him how good I
was at fucking, and that if i did'nt start to please him, he would tell Daddy that I was bad at
sex, and get his money back.  I was really afraid of what Daddy would do, so I started to push
against him as hard as I could.  he said that was much better and I could feel his cock going
right in and coming almost all the way out with each push.

He went on and on for ever such a long time, much longer than Daddy did.  I felt him start to
shake, and I could feel his cum shooting up inside me.  I could'nt stop myself from peeing and
as he pulled his cock out of me, his cum and my pee ran out of my cunny, all over the bed.  He
said that he thought I had peed when he fucked me.  I thought he would get angry and cane me,
but he said that he liked the feeling of my pee, and that I would have to pee like that again. 
He wiped his cock on my hair, rubbing with my bunches, and then said I was to clean him with my
mouth.

He asked if I was ready to poop yet, and I shook my head again.  he said that I was a good girl
for remembering not to speak.  he said I was to be sure and tell him when I wanted to go.  He
said that he needed his ass to be kissed and licked, and said I was to get between his legs.  He
opened the cheeks to his bottom, and told me to push my nose in as far as I could.  he said I
must also use my hands to jerk him off.  I was'nt sure what he meant, but I guessed he wanted me
to rub his cock and took hold of it with my hand and started to stroke and rub him.  He pushed
his bottom against my nose, and it really smelled quite horrible.  I could smell his cum and my
pee, where it had run down to his bottom.  I could also smell his poop, which made me feel sick. 
He said I was to get on with it and put my tongue in his ass as far as it would go.  He started
to push his bottom down on my tongue, and got  quite excited.  He told me to lick up and down,
and all I could taste was poop.  I felt that I would die, but George just made me keep doing it. 
After a while, I had licked all the poop off his bottom, and it started to taste a bit better. 
He started to come again and his come shot out of his cock all over us.

He asked again if I wanted to poop, and I just shook my head.  He said I was to suck him again
and put his cock in my mouth and started to fuck my mouth.  He said we would keep this up until
I was ready to poop.  After a while I could feel that I wanted to poop, and I pulled his cock
out of my mouth and said I was ready to poop.  George got all excited and said I was to put my
white panties on.  he pulled them up my legs and over my bottom.  He made me turn round and bend
over the chair with my legs wide apart.  I could feel my poop coming and George put his hand in
my panties and stroked my bottom.  My poop came out into my panties, all over his hand.  He
started to rub the poop into my bottom and my cunny.  He said he liked little girls with dirty
bums.  When I had finished, he said I was to stand up straight  while he looked at me.    He
asked if I liked to poop in my panties, and I nodded.  He said that I was a good little girl,
but he would have to spank me again for messing in my lovely white panties.  I did'nt like that,
as he had made me do it, just like Mommy and Daddy had.  He pulled my poopy panties down to my
ankles, and said I was to bend over his lap.  This time he spanked me with his hand, and it got
all poopy, but he seemed to love my poop on his hand.  I was very smelly, and dirty.

When he finished spanking me, he said it was time to fuck my ass.  He said that he really liked
fucking girls asses when they were all poopy.  He said the poop made it real slippery and his
cock would fit me just right.  I thought this was gross, but I did'nt say anything as I did'nt
want another caning.  He made me lie on the bed, and propped my bottom up on a cushion.  He took
my legs and pulled them up to show him my bottom.  He made me spread my legs as wide as I could. 
He then took hold of my bottom with his hands, and spread it as wide as he could, which hurt me
quite a bit.  I could feel his cock against my bottom, and then I could feel it going up inside
me.  It was painful as his cock was so large.  It hurt much more than when daddy fucked my
bottom.  He started to fuck me real fast and pulled his cock almost out of me each time.  It
seemed ages before I could feel him start to come.  His come shot up my bottom, and I could feel
it inside me. 

He pulled his cock out and said that I just had time to clean him before he had to go.  he put
his cock in my mouth and pushed my head right down on it.  It was horrible, all I could taste
was my own poop and his come all mixed up.  I felt really bad and wanted to be sick, but I
could'nt because his cock was right down my throat, which made me gag and choke.

When he was finished, he pulled his cock out and told me to get up and stand in the corner of
the room.  He picked up my poopy panties and put them over my head, rubbing the poop into my
face.  He said I was to stay like that until I was told I could move.  I heard him go into the
bathroom and start the shower.  When he had finished, I heard him come back and put his clothes
on.  Then he unlocked the door and went out.  I was crying because I really hurt all over and my
cunny was very sore.

I heard the door open, and Daddy said I could turn round.  Mommy came over and took the poopy
panties off my head.  She said I looked really cute with poop all over me.  Mommy said I was to
clean myself up and then clean the room.  She said she would help and took me into the bathroom
where she gave me a quick was with the shower.  She then fetched a bucket of water and some
cloths for me to clean the room with.  Daddy said that George had said that I was nice to him,
and that he would be coming to see me again.  When I had finished cleaning the room, Daddy told
Mommy to take me to the bathroom and clean me up.  He said Mommy should make sure that I was
spotless.  He said Mommy must dress me in the school uniform, with a white blouse, grey skirt,
white panties and white socks.  He said she had about a hour to get me ready for my next visitor
and she should bring me downstairs when I was ready, so he could check me out.

Mommy said I was a really good girl for being nice to George, and that Daddy was really pleased
with me.  She put me in the bath, and washed me all over.  She washed my hair and brushed it
out, putting my bunches back.  She said she could see where George had caned me because I was
all red and sore.  When she finished washing me, she helped me out and started to dress me as
Daddy had said.   She took my hand and led me downstairs.  Daddy was waiting for me, and he had
his camera to take more pictures.  He said I was to lift my skrt and show him my panties again. 
He took more pictures of me and my panties.

He kneeled down and smelled my cunny.  he said he was checking that Mommy had cleaned me up
properly.  Mommy said I had been washed all over and was nice and clean.  Daddy said I smelled
good.  He pulled my panties to one side and stroked my cunny.  He said I was getting a bit hairy
and would need a shave soon.

When he finished stroking me he said that I should go and stand in my corner again until he said
I could move.  When the doorbell rang, he told Mommy to answer it, and I could hear her talking
to someone.  I heard them come back into the room, and Daddy said I should turn round.  This
time I saw a man who was quite old looking.  He had hairs under his nose and grey hair.  Daddy
said I should lift my skirt and present myself to Peter.   Peter said that I was just what he
was looking for and Daddy said I cost $150 for an hour.  Peter gave him some dollars and Daddy
showed him where the special room was.

When we got into the room, Peter said I should not be scared of him, and if I did what he wanted
then I would be alright.  I wondered what he would want me to do as he looked so old.  He made
me stand still while he walked around me, and said that he was the Headmaster and I was a
naughty girl.  He took hold of my skirt and lifted it up so he could see my panties.  he told me
to hold my skirt up  for him.  He started to rub my cunny through my panties which made me quite
wet.  I could feel the panties getting wetter, but I knew I was'nt peeing.  He said that he
loved to stroke little girls.  He said that as I was a naughty girl, I needed a good spanking,
but first he wanted to taste me.

He  kneeled down in front of me and put his mouth on my cunny, rubbing it with his lips.  He
said that he loved the taste of little girls.  I was feeling quite good, and as he rubbed my
cunny, I felt the best I had for quite a while.  He slowly started to pull my panties down, and
when they reached my knees, he started to rub my bare cunny with his lips.  His hairy lips
tickled me and helped to make me feel good.  He said that my cunt really neded a shave, as I was
quite prickly.  After a while Peter stood up and unbuttoned my blouse, taking it off.  He said
my titties were really nice and firm, and started to queeze them.  As he squeezed, I could feel
my nipples getting very hard.  Then he undid my skirt, letting it fall on the floor.  He pushed
my panties to the floor, and lifted my legs out of them. He said that he loved looking at naked
little girls, and gave my legs a stroking.  he said my bottom was very red, and said that I
already looked well spanked.

He continued to rub his mouth on my cunny, and as he tickled me I started to giggle.  He said he
liked the sound of little girls giggling.  He said I should lie on the bed, and opened my legs. 
He put his tongue in my cunny and started to wiggle it.  He asked if I liked him playing with my
clit, and I said yes it was lovely.  I was'nt sure what my clit was, but it felt really good. 
He pushed his mouth into my cunny and bit me.  It did'nt hurt much, but it made me jump as I had
never been bitten there before.  He bit me several times, and I could feel his teeth on my
cunny.  After a while he lifted my bottom, and started to lick my bum, putting his tongue up my
bottom.  I felt like I used to when Roger did it to me.

He then said that it was time for my spanking, and sat in the chair.  He told me to bend over
his lap and spread my legs out.   He started to spank me very hard with his hand.  He said he
would give me 50 hand spanks for starters.  As he continued to spank me it hurt more and more. 
My bottom felt so hot and I just wanted him to stop.  I felt that I would die if he spanked me
much more, and asked him to stop.  He said that he was only just warming up, and continued to
spank me.   I started to really cry and he picked up my panties and pushed them in my mouth.  He
said he liked little girls who took their punishment properly.  When he counted to 50, he
stopped and I thought that he had finished, but he undid his belt from his trousers and said
that I would now get a further punishment of 50 spanks.  I started to jump and wriggle on his
lap, and he took hold of my hair to keep me still.  I just could'nt bear it any more and managed
to jump up and run into the bathroom.  He followed me, and grabbed hold of my hair, dragging me
back into the room.  He said that I was really for it now.  He found some straps on the shelf
and forced me to kneel down while tied my hands together behind my back.  He tied my legs
together and I fell on the floor.  He took the ropes from the ceiling and tied them to one of my
ankles.  he said that I was very naughty for trying to escape from my punishment, and started to
pull on the rope.  I was lifted right up in the air by one leg.  He undid the straps round my
legs and bent my other leg right back and tied the strap round my knee.  I was suspended by one
leg with my other leg dangling in the air.

He said that he liked to see little girls with nicely exposed cunts which were ripe for a
spanking.  He started to smack my cunny with the belt, and I really cried hard.  he put the
panties back in my mouth and said that I would get extra spanks for crying.  It hurt so much I
just could'nt stop myself from doing a pee, and when he saw it coming out of my cunny, he got
really excited, and said that he liked little girls that peed themselves.  He took the panties
out of my mouth, dried up my pee with them and put them back in my mouth.  He continued to spank
me and I was really hurting bad.

After a while he stopped spanking me and said it was his turn for some excitement now, and
started to get undressed.  He stood in front of me and I could see his cock and balls which were
level with my face as  I hung upside down.   His cock was very hard, but it was'nt very big.  It
was'nt even as big as Daddy's. He was very hairy and I did'nt think he ever took his hairs off.  
He took the panties out on my mouth and pushed them in my cunny.  Then he made me open my mouth
and start to suck his cock.  I could feel it in my throat, but it did not stop me breathing.  I
sucked and licked him for a while, when he pulled his cock out and said that he needed to piss. 
He stepped over me and put his cock near my cunny. he took the panties out and put his fingers
in me to spread my cunny open.  He started to pee and I could feel it all running into  my cunny
and down my titties.  He seemed to pee forever and it run down my face and into my mouth and
nose.  He said that he liked little girls who could take his piss.

He asked me if I liked to poop on people, but I said that I had'nt pooped on anyone. He said it
was his favorite sport, and told me to watch his bottom.  He was still standing over me, and I
could see his poop coming out.  It was quite hard and came out in big pieces.  The poop dropped
from his bottom, and I could feel it on my cunny.  He started to rub his poop all over my legs
and cunny.  It smelled real awful and I did'nt like it at all.  When he finished pooping he got
off me and said he liked little girls with poop all over their cunts.  He undid the rope and let
me down to the floor.  He undid the strap from my knee, and my leg was really hurting where it
had been tied up.  He knelt down over me and put his bottom on my face, saying that Daddy had
told him what good toilet paper I was, and I should clean his ass with my tongue.  I just wanted
to die, but I had to do as he said.  When he was cleaned, he stood up and said that he liked
little girls who knew their place.  He said he was now ready to fuck my poopy cunt, and made me
lie down and open my legs nice and wide.  I could feel his cock going in and I could feel all
the poop in y cunny.  He really started to fuck me faster and faster until I felt him come
inside me.  He lay quite still for a while and then pulled his cock out of me.  It had gone
quite soft and small.  he said he needed me to clean his cock, and pushed it in my mouth.  All I
could taste was his come and poop.  I was nearly sick again, but he held my mouth and I couldn't
pull it out.  I could feel his cock getting hard again and he made me suck it until it was
ready. 

Peter then said that my titties were really nice, and that he wanted to smack them.  He made me
lie down and started to smack my titties with his belt.  I had never felt such pain before and
could not stop crying.  He said that I should be brave and not cry.  He picked up my panties and
cleaned my cunny with them, then he pushed the poop covered panties into my mouth, saying that
would make me brave.  He continued to smack my titties and my tummy with his belt.  he said that
my Headmaster had really shown his naughty little girl what it was like to be punished.  As he
spanked me I could feel that I was going to poop. I could'nt say anything because of the panties
in my mouth, and then my poop just came rushing out.  he stopped spanking me and stood back.  I
though he was going to get real angry with me, but he said how did I know he wanted me to poop. 
He said he liked little girls who shit themselves.  He took hold of my legs and lifted me up, 
he pushed my legs open and put his face down on my bottom.  He started to lick my poop covered
bottom, and said that it tasted like nectar.  He got my poop all over him and he seemed to love
it very much.  I had never had my poopy bottom licked by anyone before and it felt very nice. 
When he had cleaned my bottom, he said that I was now ready for a final spanking.  He said that
this would be on the inside of my legs.  He spread my legs out and started to spank my thighs. 
This hurt so much that I just could'nt keep still.  He slapped my face and said that I was
really naughty for not being brave. 

When he finished spanking my legs, he said I could stand up and go to the corner, where I was to
stay until I was told I could move.  He went into the bathroom and had a shower, dressed and
left, closing the door behind him.  After a while I heard Daddy come in, and say that I could
turn round.  Mommy came over to me and took the panties out of my mouth.  She got quite angry
with Daddy, and said that he had told her that Peter only wanted straight sex with me.  Daddy
said that it did'nt matter what he did, so long as he paid up and did she expect him to get $150
dollars an hour for straight sex.  Mommy said I should go to the bathroom and have a hot bath
while she cleaned the room.  Daddy said that when I was clean she was to bring me downstairs
dressed only in a shortie nightie as Peter had given me a bad report,  and then he went
downstairs.  Mommy said that she was sorry that she had got me into this mess, but she did'nt
know what Jim had in mind when he told her she could take me away from Mary and  bring me home
with her.




Baby Jenny by BJ

BABY JENNY PART 6  THE NASTY ENDING.

When Mommy had finished cleaning me up she brushed my hair and left it all loose.  She asked me
if I needed to go on the Potty, but I said I didn't think so now. She took a little white
shortie night dress from the drawer, and dressed me in it. She said I did look lovely.  She took
me by the hand, and led me downstairs.  Daddy was waiting in the living room.  He looked very
angry, and had a cane in his hands.  He said that it was about time I came down, and said that
Mommy was very slow in cleaning me up.  he said his next punter would be along soon.  He said
that Peter had told him that I had run away into the bathroom, and that he had been forced to
cane me because I was naughty.  Daddy said that he had told me I must do whatever I am told, and
it was about time I learned that he would not stand for any nonsense.  He said that he was now
going to cane me again, and perhaps this time I would learn that I belonged to him, and he was
my owner and must be obeyed.   I started to cry again and pleaded with him not to cane me
because I was really sore and my bottom hurt. He said that if I had'nt been naughty, I would not
be getting the cane. He took off my nightie and told me to bend over his lap.  Mommy said he
should be carefull because I was already very bruised, and the Customers would be upset when
they saw me.  Daddy said that perhaps she was right, and told me to stand up.  he then said I
was to lie on the sofa, with my feet on the arm.  I did as he told me very quickly, and he took
the cane and hit me on the underneath of my foot with it.  I screamed in agony.  I had never
felt anything like that.  Daddy took hold of my foot and pushed it away and pulled the other one
onto the arm.  Then he hit me again with the cane.  I did not think it was possible to hurt so
much and screamed and screamed.  Daddy said I was to be quiet and made me stand up.  It was
agony standing up as my feet felt like they were on fire.

Daddy said that he wanted to punish me some more, but Mommy said I had had enough.  Daddy said
that he quite liked caning my feet, and that I should take care not to make him do it again. 
Daddy said my next guest wanted me to be able to pee a lot, and told Mommy to get a large jug of
water.  Mommy fetched the water, and Daddy took some pills from his pocket.  He put them in the
water and stirred it round.  he said I was to drink the whole jug.  Mommy said that he should'nt
make me drink a duraletic but Daddy said that my next guest wanted plenty of pee. I did'nt know
what a duraletic was anyway.

After I had drunk all the water, Daddy made me put the nightie back on and made me stand in the
corner again.  He said I had better not pee on the floor or I would get my feet spanked again. 
After a while I could feel a bad need to do a pee and called to Daddy.  He said I should cross
my legs and hold my cunt because if I peed I would get the spanking he pronmised me.  I did as
he said and held my cunny with my hand.  My tummy was begining to hurt real bad and I could'nt
stand straight.  Mommy was getting quite concerned and said that he was being too cruel to me,
but Daddy just laughed and said that was what I was for.

It seemed like ages before the doorbell rang and Mommy brought someone into the room.  Daddy
said I should turn round and say hello to my guest.  When I turned round I was surprised to see
a lady standing there.  She said was this the slut she had been told about, and Daddy said that
was me.  She said why was I standing like I needed to take a piss.  Daddy said that he had got
me ready for her, and she smiled and said that sounded good.  Daddy said that I was to lift my
nightie, and present myself to Maud.   I lifted my nightie with my other hand, but Maud said I
had better not let go of my cunt or I would piss on the floor.  Daddy said I cost $150.00 for an
hour, and Maud said okay and gave Daddy some dollars.  Daddy showed her the room upstairs and
Maud took hold of my hair and made me follow her.  When we got in the room, she said that I
must'nt piss yet, and started to get undressed.  When she was naked, she told me to stand up
straight and open my legs as wide as I could.  She got down on the floor and put her head
between my legs.  She said I was to let go of my cunt and when she smacked my leg, I was to
start peeing.  I took my hand away, and could feel her mouth on my cunny.  Then she slapped my
leg, and I just started to pee and pee.  I seemed to pee for ever, and it all ran into her mouth
and all over her face and hair.  She was really excited and said I should not stop, but all my
pee had run out and I was empty.

She said that was the best pee she had tasted in a long time, and rubbed it all over her head. 
She put her head against my cunny and dried it with her hair.  She said that she had come when I
peed on her.  I could'nt understand why she wanted me to pee on her, but I really did'nt care,
all I knew was my tummy was'nt hurting now.  She said that she was going to take a crap now, and
took off my nightie.  I knew she meant that she was going to do a poop, and hoped that she would
not poop on me, but she said I was to lie down in my puddle of pee on the floor.  Then she
kneeled over my face and put her bottom just above my eyes.  She said I was to watch her crap,
and started to go.  I could see her poop coming out and closed my eyes.  It fell on my face, and
went in my nose.  She reached down and took hold of my nose so I had to open my mouth and her
poop went all in my mouth.  It was horrible, I hated the taste of poop and wanted to be sick. 
She rubbed my face with her bottom, and said that I was a good girl.    She said I was to fetch
a towel and she wiped my face, which made the poop go all over me even worse.  Then she  got
down on her knees and leaned forward.  She said I was to pull her ass open and start to lick her
clean.  I did as I was told, but I really felt very sick and my tummy started to hurt again. 
When she was cleaned up, she said that I could go to the bathroom and wash.  I ran to the
bathroom and was sick in the big girls toilet.  Maud followed me and said that I should learn to
like the taste of crap, just like her.  She said I could have a quick shower, which made me feel
a little better.  When I had finished she made me go back into the room where there was all poop
and pee on the floor.  Maud said it was my turn to crap on her.  I liked the sound of that, but
I said that I could'nt do a poop yet.  She got quite annoyed and said that I should be able to
poop on command. 

She said that if I could'nt crap yet, she would now piss on me, and told me to get down and
press my mouth on her cunny.  She was very hairy, and her cunny really smelt bad, but I knew
that there was worse to come.  She said I was to take her clit in my mouth and bite it softly, 
I said I did'nt know what her clit was, so she put her hand on her cunny and pulled the little
bit of skin in the middle and said this was her clit, and I had better get hold of it with my
teeth.  I did as I was told, and then I could feel her pee coming into my mouth and nose and all
over me.  I hated that, but it was'nt as bad as her poop.  After she had finished peeing, she
wiped me with the towel, which was all covered in poop, and I smelt real awful.  She said was I
ready to poop, but I just could'nt.  She said that she would beat the crap out of me, and went
to the shelf, where she picked up the riding crop.  She said I should bend over and touch my
toes.  She started to spank my sore bottom with the crop and said she would stop when I was
ready to poop.  The spanking went on and on, but I still could'nt poop.  She said this was
costing her a fortune, went to the bathroom where she found the bag and piping that Mommy used
to clean me out inside.  She filled a jug with hot soapy water and brought everything back into
the room.

I knew that this was an enema bag, and that it was used to make me poop.  She made me lie on the
bed and raise my bottom up.  Then she licked my bottom and made it all wet, when she pushed the
pipe up inside me.  She fixed the bag to one of the ropes hanging from the ceiling, and filled
it with water.  As she did, I could feel it start to fill my insides up.   When the bag was
empty, she filled it up again and watched as the water all ran down the pipe and into my bottom.
She found one of the plugs that Mommy puts in my bottom, and after the bag was empty, she pulled
the tube out, and pressed the plug into me.  She said I was to stand up and run on the spot.  I
started to do as she said, and I could feel the water all sloshing round inside me and making my
tummy hurt very much.  After a while she said I was most probably ready, and made me stand
still.  She got down between my legs and pushed them apart.  She said I must squat down over her
face, so I spread my knees apart and squatted down as if I was going to sit on my potty.  When
my bottom was touching her face, she said she was going to pull out the plug, and if I knew what
was good for me, I should crap as fast and as hard as I could.  I felt her pull out the plug,
and before I could even think about pooping, all my poop and water rushed out of my bottom, all
over her face and head.  It formed a great big puddle on the floor.  She was screaming with
excitement, and I could feel that she had come.

After I had stopped pooping. she rubbed her face all over my bottom, and started to lick me
clean.  She said that I was the best crapper that she had had for a long time.  I did'nt know
what to say, so I just kept quiet.  She said that she just had time to show me how a woman fucks
a woman.  She opened her bag and pulled out a massive dido.  It looked just like a mans cock
with balls and everything, but there was a cock each side.  She said that this was her equipment
and told me to stroke it.  I rubbed it with my hand, and I could fel that it was made of a hard
rubber, and bent just like a real cock.  She pushed one side of the dido right up her cunny, and
made me tie some straps round behind her bottom to keep it in.  She made me lay on the bed, and
put the other cock right up my cunny, where I could feel it pressing against my insides.   She
started to fuck me with it, slowly at first, but soon she was fucking me very fast. After a
while I started to shake and felt that I had come.  At the same time, I could feel her coming
again.  After we had both come, she lay over me, breathing very hard.  She said I was the best
fuck doll she had ever had.

She got up and told me to stay where I was. She took off the dido and went into the bathroom
where I could hear the shower running.  When she came out, she said thank you, put on her
clothes  and left.  I just laid there, I was really exhausted and I hurt all over.  I smelled
horrible, and the whole bed and floor was covered in poop.  Daddy and Mommy came in, and Daddy
said that the room needed a complete clean, and so did I.  Mommy said what did he expect when he
let every pervert in the town loose in here with me.  Daddy told her to shut up and get the
place cleaned.  He said that she was to dress me in a diaper and panties before bringing me
downstairs.  Mommy said we would both clean the room, which took ages.  Then she made me bath
and washed me nice and clean.    I said that please would she stop Daddy from bringing round all
his friends to have sex with me.  Mommy said that they were not Daddys friend, but were Punters
he found to pay for perverted sex with me.  She said she was so sorry, but she had expected that
I would only be her baby when I came to live with them, and not used by the towns worst
perverts.

When we went downstairs, I was wearing a diaper for the first time in ages, and it felt so nice
and safe.  We went into the living room, where Daddy was in a rage.  He said that my last trick
had cancelled, and that I should get in the playpen and stay quiet.  He took a bottle of drink
from the cabinet, and started to drink it very fast.  Mommy said that he would get drunk, and he
said that  fucking right he would. After he had drunk the whole bottle, he opened the playpen
and dragged me out.  He said that if my trick was'nt coming, he would bloody well do me himself
for free. He ripped off my panties and diaper and threw me onto the sofa.  He stripped off his
trousers and pants and told me to start deep throating his cock.  I took his cock in my mouth
and he pushed it deep down my throat.  It started to get very large and hard. It tasted
absolutely awful.   He fucked it in and out of my mouth, and started to pee down my throat.  I
felt like I was drowning in pee, and started to pull my mouth off his cock, but he gripped my
head and forced it even deeper.  I just could'nt help myself, and bit his cock hard.  He went
absolutely mad.  He pulled his cock out of my mouth, and his pee went every where.  He screamed
that I was in for a real whipping now, and that he was going to pull all my teeth out.  He threw
me on the floor, and gave me a hard kick in the cunny.  I rolled up in a ball, and was crying
very hard.  Daddy fetched the cane and forced me over his lap.  He started to cane my bottom so
hard that I could only scream and scream in agony.

Mommy was just watching him cane me, and I screamed to Mommy, please stop him, I am going to
die.  Mommy came over and snatched the cane from his hand.  She said that I had had enough and
she would'nt stand for any more.  Daddy was absolutely furious.  He took hold of my hair and
threw me into the playpen.  He said to Mommy that he was going to beat her if he could'nt beat
me.  She said he was mad, and that if he killed me he would'nt be able to pimp me to every freak
in town for 150 dollars an hour.  I was so afraid that he would really beat Mommy that I cried
out that he must'nt beat her, and he should beat me because I was the bad girl.  Mommy said she
was going to take me and leave.  Daddy went all red in the face and grabbed hold of Mommy.  He
ripped her clothes off until she was naked, when he forced her down over the table.  He used her
torn clothes to tie her hands and legs to the table.  He picked up the cane and started to cane
Mommy's bottom. Mommy was screaming in pain, but he just carried on caning her.  He said that
this was only the beginning.  Both Mommy and I were screaming now, and Daddy picked up mommies
panties and stuffed them in her mouth.  This made Mommy go quiet and she could only grunt.  Then
he did the same to me, and I could'nt scream any more either.  He said that was much better, and
carried on caning Mommy.  he started to cane her legs and back, then he untied her and made her
turn over, when he tied he to the table again.  Then he caned her cunny and her titties.  He
said that would teach her a lesson, and that she could join me with the punters and turn some
tricks as well.

I just could'nt watch anymore, and fell down on the floor.  As I did the playpen door opened and
I fell out.  Daddy was so busy caning Mommy that he did not notice me.  I crawled over the floor
and picked up the empty water jug.  I stood up behind Daddy and smashed the jug on his head.  He
fell on the floor, so I did it again, and this time the Jug broke as I hit him.  I could see him
bleeding, and pulled the panties from my mouth.  I screamed to Mommy that I would undo her and
pulled the panties from her mouth.  She said I should get a knife from the kitchen and cut her
free before Daddy got up.  I rushed into the kitchen and grabbed a knife from the table, but
when I got back to the living room Daddy had got up from the floor, and punched me in the face. 
I fell on the floor and let go of the knife.  Daddy picked up the knife and said that he would
teach both of the bitches a lesson they would never forget.  He got hold of my hair and dragged
me upstairs to the room, where he tied the straps round my ankles and pulled me upside down into
the air.  He pushed a cloth into my mouth and I could hardly breath.  He fetched the cane and
started to beat me on the cunny as hard as he could.  I was hurting so bad that I just did'nt
know what to do.  All the time  Mommy was still tied to the table downstairs, and was screaming
so hard that I really though she was going to die. 

After beating me for a long time, Daddy put down the cane and said that it was the other bitches
turn now.  he went out of the room, and when he came back he had hold of Mommy, and was dragging
her along the floor.  He tied her ankles to the straps and lifted her upside down as well.  He
said he was going to teach her that he was the Master around here, and that he was going to whip
her until she was black and blue.  He had put the panties back in Mommys mouth, and all she
could do was grunt and groan.  He picked up the cane that he had used on me, and started to beat
Mommy on the cunny.  She was twisting and turning but daddy just kept on hitting her.  He hit
her titties and her legs and her bottom and her back.  She was in so much pain that she fainted
and went all quiet.  Daddy came over to me and said that he was now going to pull out all my
teeth.

He let me down onto the floor and dragged me to the table, he made me lie on my back, and he
tied my arms and legs to the table. My head was  handing over the edge of the table and I could
look up at him.  He said that first he had to piss, and put his cock to my mouth and got hold of
my nose.  I had never seen his cock so big or so hard.  I just had to open my mouth to breath,
and he started to pee into it.  His pee was running all over me and down my throat.  I  had to
swallow it or I would have died.  He went over to the shelves and fetched the silver pliers.  He
forced open my mouth and put a rubber wedge in to it.  He put the pliers onto a tooth, and
started to twist and pull it.  I can not tell you how much it hurt, I was screaming and Daddy
was laughing and saying that I had bitten my last dick and that I would really be a cocksucker
from now on, when the doorbell range.  Daddy stopped trying to pull out my tooth, and said who
the fuck was that.  He took the pliers off my tooth and pushed a cloth into my mouth.  He said
that we should keep quiet, or he would come back and kill us both.  He went out of the door, and
I heard him lock it behind him.

It seemed like ages, and Mommy and Me could'nt move or speak to each other.  After a while I
could feel that I was going to poop, but just could'nt stop myself.  My poop started coming and
went all over me and the table.  I really smelt bad, but I just could'nt help it.   Then I heard
the door open, and could see daddy and aonther man come into the room.  The man said that the
room smelt terrible, and Daddy said that I had probably shit myself again.  The other man said
did I do that very often, and Daddy said she does it all the time and that he was toilet
training me but there were plenty of punters who liked shit.   The man came over to me and
looked at me.  He said he could see that I had shit myself and Daddy said that was probably
because he had been beating me.  The man said he could see where I had been beaten.  He picked
up the silver pliers and said what was Daddy doing to me with these.  Daddy said that I had
bitten his dick, and he was going to pull out all my teeth.  The man said that he did'nt think
that would be a good idea as it would disfigure me for life.  He said I was quite a pretty
little girl.  Daddy said what did he think about Mommy, and the man said she was sagging a bit,
but would do for cheap tricks.  Daddy said okay, how about fifty grand.  The man laughed and
said that he was thinking of 5 for the both of us.   Daddy said that I could earn that in a
month, but he would settle for 30, as he just wanted to get rid of us both.  The man said that
he would go to 15, and Daddy said that his final offer was 20.  The man went over to Mommy and
pulled the panties out of her mouth.  he said what did she think, her old man was selling us to
him for 20 grand.  Mommy started swearing at Daddy and calling him a perverted bastard.  Dady
went over to Mommy and slapped her really hard on the face and said that she was a bitch, and
that if she had kept quiet she would have got her share of me.

The man said be careful Jim, thats my property you are abusing.  Daddy said okay, lets do the
deal and the man said that he would be back with the cash and a van in an hour.  He said Daddy
was to get us ready for him.  he said Daddy should make sure we are dressed in something dark
and simple.  Daddy said that they would have a drink to seal the deal, and they went out.  
Mommy was crying and saying that I must'nt worry, as she would get free and get us out of this
mess.  I did'nt think she would be able to, but I could'nt say anything as I still had the cloth
in my mouth.

Daddy came back and untied me from the table.  He put my hands behind my back, and put some
chains on my wrists.  He said I would have the cuffs on from now on.  He took the cloth out of
my mouth and dragged me into the bathroom where he put me in the bath.  He washed me clean with
the shower and dried me off.  Then he took me back to the bedroom and put a clean diaper on me. 
He said he did'nt want me to shit in Bob's car.  He looked through the drawers and found a black
dress.  He put some more chains on my ankles and tied my feet to the chair leg.  He took off the
chains from my wrists and said I should put the dress on.  It was quite short and nearly came
down to my knees.  He put the chains back on my wrists and fixed them to a strap from the
ceiling.  He pulled me up by the chains untill I was on tip toe, and said that I was nearly
ready.  he untied my feet from the chair and put a pair of shoes on me, tying the laces very
tight.  He stood up and said that Bob should be satisfied with that. he said if I was quiet he
would not gag me again. Then  he turned to Mommy and said it's your turn now bitch.

He slapped Mommy several times and then let her down from the ceiling.  He turned her over and
put some chains on her wrists as well.  Then he kicked her and said she should crawl into the
bathroom.  Mommy started to crawl, and Daddy gave her another kick and said faster, bitch.  I
could hear them in the bathroom.  I could hear Daddy slapping Mommy and I could hear her crying. 
When they came out of the bathroom, Mommy was crawling on the floor and her nose was bleeding.
Daddy threw a dress at her and said she should put it on.  Mommy  had to do what he said, and
hers was even shorter than mine.  He gave her some shoes and said that she should put them on. 
Then he put some chains on her ankles and said she was to crawl downstairs and he followed her,
leaving me hanging from the ceiling.

When he came back he said that he would let me down and I should also crawl downstairs.  It was
very hard to crawl with the chains on my ankles.   When we got to the living room I could see
Mommy in the playpen with her hands tied to the bars. Daddy said I should get in as well, and
then he tied me to the bars.  He got some pills and made me and Mommy take one each.   He
fetched a bottle of drink, and sat down in the armchair, where he sats watching us and drinking. 
When the doorbell rang, Daddy jumped up and went outside.  he came back with the other man, who
he called Bob.  Bob had a bag of money, and started to count it out on the table.  Daddy said
that it was all there, and Bob said he would'nt ask for a receipt.  Daddy said that I had a
crib, playpen and some toys with lots of diapers and birth pills   Bob said he would take the
diapers and pills with him and that he would collect the crib and playpen as he could see a use
for them.  He said Daddy should get rid of everything else.  They came over and Bob untied me
from the bars.  I was feeling very sleepy and tired and could'nt resist.  He put gag into my
mouth and a bag over my head so I could'nt see anything.  They picked me up and carried me.  I
could feel that I was outside by the cold air, and then I was made to lay down on a floor.  It
felt like I was in a box and I could feel them put a lid on the box so I coul'nt move.   It all
went quiet, and then I could feel them bringing Mommy out and I thought that she was probably in
a box the same as me.  I could hear Bob say thanks to Daddy, and I could hear the engine start
and felt the car move off, but the sounds were very muffled.

We drove for ages and ages, and then I heard the car stop, and the doors opened. I could feel
the box lid being lifted and Bob took the bag off my head.  I was lying in a sort of box in the
floor of a van.  A woman and Bob were looking at me.  The woman said that I looked okay.  Bobs
said I should do, as he had paid 20 grand for me.  The woman said what about the other girl, and
Bob said she was'nt a girl, but would probably earn her keep.  They took me out of the van, and
I could see that I was in some sort of garage.  The woman made me walk down some stairs, which
was hard because the chains on my ankles were so short.  We went into a room which looked very
much like the special room at Daddys house.  She said welcome to the House of Pain.  She said
this was my room and she took off my gag, undid the chains and took off my dress. When she saw
the diaper, she said that she did not know I wore diapers and I said that I needed them as I had
to pee and poop a lot and Daddy had put it on me so I would'nt poop in Bobs car.  She said that
she would see Bob about that.  She said I should get into bed and get some sleep.  She said that
it was no use me trying to get out of the room, as it would be locked.  She said any noise or
disobedience would be severely punished.  I asked her about Mommy, and she said that she would
be in another room down the hall. She got a needle and put it in my arm, saying that this would
keep me quiet, I could feel something going in me, and then she went outside and the light went
off.

I knew that this new place would be just like Daddys house, and that I would be having sex with
lots of men and that they would probably want to poop and pee all over me.  But I decided that I
would definately not bite anyone anymore as my mouth still hurt from where daddy had tried to
pull out my tooth.

When I woke up it was still dark and I just layed there dreaming of my old life with Roger, and
thinking how much I would like to go back to my room with Mary to look after me.  After a while
the light came on, and I could look round the room.  There were no windows, but I could see
another door which I guessed was a bathroom. The door to my room opened and the woman came in
followed by another girl about my age.  The woman said that this was Joan, and it was Joans job
to get me ready for work.  She said Joan would get me ready and take me to the office for a talk
before I went to work.  She went out and I asked Joan what she was doing here.  Joan said that
he boyfriend had sold her to Bob, and that she had to do what she was told or she would get
beaten and put on tricks again. I said what were tricks and she said that I would soon find that
out for myself. I said Daddy had used the work tricks when he made me go with men who pooped on
me and spanked me.  Joan said that was the sort of thing.  She took me into the bathroom and
took off my diaper. She said that Bob had said that I must'nt wear diapers and that she was to
make sure I was toilet trained.  She said that if I was disobedient she would get whipped as
well as me.  She said she would start by giving me an enema, and put some hot water in a bag
with the pipe on it.  She made me bend over and pushed the pipe up my bottom.  She said I should
sit on the toilet, and started to let the hot water run inside me.  She said had I ever had and
enema before, and I said that Daddy used to do it to me.  When I was full up with water, she
said I should stay like that until she said I could move.  She started to run a bath and when it
was ready she pulled the pipe out of my bottom, and said I should do a crap into the toilet.  I
did not need to be told, and my poop came rushing out.  Joan said that was a good girl.

She put me in the bath and started to gently wash me.  She said I was very bruised, and I said
that Dady had beaten me very hard.  She washed my cunny and bottom.  It made me feel good again. 
She washed my hair and dried me off and brushed my hair.  She took a little shortie nightie from
a drawer and put it on me.  She said this was my regular dress whilst I was here, as all the
girls wore these.  She said I was now ready for my interview, and knocked on the door.  The door
was opened and Joan led me outside.  We went down a corridor and into a big room which had lots
of chairs and a sofa.  There were several other girls sitting on the chairs, and I asked Joan
what they were doing.  Joan said they were waiting to be chosen by their tricks, and that they
would get a whipping if they did not get chosen at least 5 time a day.  We went into another
room, and I saw Mommy kneeling on the floor.  She was naked,  Bob was standing in front of her,
and she was sucking his cock.  Bob said that she may be fucking old, but she could really suck
dick.  Joan said I should stand by the desk and wait.  The woman came in and said to Bob that
Mommy was well taught.  Bob started to come, and I could see his come going down Mommys throat. 
Then he said that Mommy should get up and stand next to me.

Bob and the woman sat down behind the desk and looked at me and Mommy.  Bob said that this was
our formal interview, where we would be signing the forms saying that we agreed to work for him. 
Mommy said that she would die first, and Bob said that she fucking well would die, if she did'nt
sign the forms.  He said that they don't want any dead wood around, and that she was already too
old for most punters.

Bob asked me how old I was, and I said 24.  Mommy said they should leave me alone because I was
only mentally 10 years old.  Bob said he wasn't interested in my mental state, my body was all
he cared about, and that was 24.  He said that I was obviously well experienced in sex, and said
did I like doing piss and shit things.  I said I hated doing it but Bob said that daddy had told
him how much the punters liked me.  Bob said that i would be a favorite with lots of his
clients.  He asked Mommy how old she was, and when she said 38, Bob said that was too fucking
old to earn any money, and that he would probably offer us as a pair if he did'nt have any
takers for Mommy.   Mommy was getting very upset and was crying.  She said that Jim had no right
to sell us to Bob. She said that she hoped the Police would find us and put Bob and his fucking
whores in jail.  Bob got up from his seat and went round the desk.  He drew back his fist and
punched Mommy in the mouth.  Mommy fell on the floor, and  I could see blood coming from Mommys
lips.  Bob said that fucking whores spoke only when spoken to, and that he would be delighted to
give her her initiation personally.   he put a piece of paper on the desk and said we had to
sign it.  I was so scared of hiom that I wrote my name where he said.  He then took hold of
Mommy and said that she should sign if she did'nt want to be punched again.  Mommy took the pen
and signed her name wthout any further protest.

Bob then stood up and said to the woman that she should get our collars.  The woman went to a
cupbard and brought back two leather straps.  She told me to stand still and put one of the
straps round my neck.  She pulled it tight and said that it had a special fixing and could only
be taken off by her.  She did the same to Mommy.  Bob said that Monica should get Mommy a dress,
as he was sick of looking at her sagging tits.   The woman went to the cupboard again and
brought back another Nightdress.  She put it on Mommy and it was very short, you could still see
Mommys cunny underneath it.  The woman said that this was our standard uniform while we worked
for them.  She said that Joan should take us out to the Pleasure Room.  Bob said that we should
remember that our job was to satisfy the clients.  Any bad reports, and we would be severely
punished.  Mommy was crying and I said that she should be brave, and that I would look after
her.

Joan took us out to the big room and made us sit in some chairs with the other girls.  She said
that when a client came up to us, they would ask us to present ourselves for inspection.  She
said that meant we should stand up, lift the nightdress up to display our cunts and open our
legs.  She said we should practice, so I stood up, lifted my nightdress and spread my legs open. 
Joan stood in front of me and looked at my cunny, then she took hold of my cunny lips and pulled
them apart.  She said that my cunt looked fine, and told me to sit down again.  Then she made
Mommy do it, but this time she said that Mommys legs were not far enough apart, so she fetched a
cane and beat Mommy on the legs.  Mommy cried in pain and opened hers legs really wide.  Joan
took hold of Mommys cunny lips and said that Mommys cunt was real slack, and would need a big
dick to fill it up.

Monica came in and asked if we were ready.  Joan said we sure were.  Monica said to remember,
the client must be pleased with us, or it would be the punishment room.  She said that when a
client left, we should stay in our room and wait for a maid to come and clean us up, ready for
our next trick.  This seemed to be a similar thing to the way daddys friends came to see me, and
Mommy had to clean me up.  I was very scared of what would be happening to me.

Several men and women were coming into the room, looking at the girls and taking them away. 
Then a  very big man came over to Mommy and said she should present herself.  Mommy jumped up,
lifted her nightdress right up and opened her legs as far as she possibly could.  The man said
that she looked a bit loose, but for 50 bucks, he would be glad to give her a tryout.  He put a
lead onto Mommys collar and made her follow him down the corridor, where I could see them go
into a room.

I carried on sitting there, and presently a man and girl came in.  They looked round and walked
over to the girl next to me.  The woman told her to present herself, and got down on the floor. 
She put her nose by the girls cunny, and said that she did'nt like the smell of this one.  They
then came over to me and the  woman said that I should present myself and be quick about it.  I
stood up and did as I was told.  The woman got down on the floor and put her nose by my cunny. 
She said to the man that I smelt nice and clean, and that they would take me.  The man said that
my details said I was incontinent and may crap myself.  The woman said that she liked the sound
of that, so she put a lead on my collar, and they took me to my room. 
She said that her name was Beryl, and her brother was Tom.  She said I was to call them Mistress
and Master.  She said I was not to speak unless I was asked a question, or given permission. The
man asked me when I had last done a poop.  I said that I had been given an enema earlier today,
so the woman took a bottle out of her bag, and said I was to drink the syrup.  She said that
would clean out anything I had left and I should make sure to say when I wanted to crap.  She
said that next time they would book me in advance and give instructions that I was not to be
allowed to crap for at least two days.  The man said that I should now undress his sister, so I
started to take her clothes off.  When she was naked, the woman told me to do the same to her
brother.  The woman picked up her panties and said I should take a good look in them.  They were
all brown and were covered with poop.  She said I should look at her brothers pants, which were
in the same state as her panties.   When I looked at them I could see that their bottoms were
pretty well covered in poop.  She said that they were all crappy, just for me. The man made me
lie on the bed and kneeled over my face.  He put his bottom on my mouth and told me to start
cleaning him up.  I could see his cock, which was very large and very hard.  The woman put her
head between my legs and started to lick my cunny.  I hated the taste of the poop, but I knew I
would come very quickly if the woman carried on licking me like that.

He instructed me to put my tongue into his bottom and clean the insides.  I pushed my tongue
inside him and licked him inside.  He said that I was a very good shit-eater.  I started to
come, and the woman slapped my legs and said I could only come if she said I could.   She got up
from me and layed down on the bed.  Her brother came round in front of her, lifted up her legs
and started to fuck her bottom. I could see that she was really excited about this, which I felt
was a bit strange because it always hurt when it was done to me.  The man pulled his cock out of
her bottom and said that I should now clean him off.  He pushed his cock into my mouth and it
went right down my throat.  The woman said I should be careful, because if I bit her brother,
she would beat my cunt till I could't piss for a week.  I could taste her poop on his cock, and
it was awful.  He started to pee while his cock was deep down my throat, and I had to swallow it
because I could not breath.  His pee went on and on, I thought it would never stop.  Finally he
said that was only the beginning, and he had plenty more to come.  Because I had swallowed so
much pee, I knew I would have to pee as well, and said I needed to go to the toilet.  The woman
said that she thought I was incontinent, and could'nt hold myself.  The man slapped my face
because I had not called him Master, and had spoken without permission.  He took her poop
covered panties and pushed them into my mouth.  He said that would teach me some manners.  She
said I should stand up and open my legs.  They both got on the floor under me and the man said I
should piss now.  I could'nt hold it any more and started to pee.  It went all over them and
they started to drink it together.  As my pee got slower it started to run down my legs.  She
sat up and started to lick my legs.  The man was licking my cunny dry.  She said that she had
chosen well, and he said that my piss was very delectable.

The man said that he wanted to clean her now, so the woman stood up and spread the cheeks of her
bottom.  He started to lick her bottom, and I could see him licking the poop off it.  He turned
to me, and I could see her poop all over his face.  He told me to lick his face clean.  She said
that she needed to have a dump, so he told me to lie on the floor.  She kneeled over me and put
her bottom just above my mouth.  The man took the poopy panties out of my mouth and said I was
to open my mouth as far as possible.  I did'nt want to do this, but he kicked my cunny, and said
that I was disobedient, and would be punished.

I knew if I got a bad report I would be in serious trouble with Bob, so I did as he told me. 
She said I should watch her crap, and I could see her poop coming out of her bottom.  It was all
runny, and it went over my face and in my mouth and nose.  I started to be sick, but she said
that I would be punished if I was sick.  The man got very excited watching this and started to
stroke his cock.  When she had finished pooping, the man fetched his poop covered pants and put
them over my head.  He used them to wipe her poop all over my face and hair.  The smell was
absolutely awful, but they were very excited.  

The man said that i was now to be punished for speaking without permission.  The woman said that
she wanted to go first, and made me bend over her lap.  I knew what was coming, and I was right. 
She took her brothers belt and started to spank my bottom.  The spanking was very hard, and it
made my bottom all red and sore.  The man asked me if i hade ever had my cunt whipped.  I said
that I had, and it hurt a lot.  The man made me lie on the bed and the woman pulled my legs up
and lifted my bottom off the bed.  The man said that my cunt was really ripe for a whipping and
the woman said that he should go ahead.  He picked up a cane and started to hit my cunny as hard
as he could.  I knew what this would feel like, and I started to scream.  The woman said I
should scream louder, as she loved the noise.  My cuny felt like it was on fire.  When he
finished beating me, he made me stand up and asked if I needed to crap yet.  I could feel that I
did, so he said i was to sit on his face and start pooping.  When I had finished pooping the
woman told me to rub my ass on his face.  He said that my poop was delicious.  The woman said
she wanted her share and started to lick his face.  After a while, she said I should stand up
and hold out my hand.  She took hold of my hand and turned it upwards.  She said she was going
to give me a caning to remember them by, and took the cane, bringing it down on my palm.  This
was absolute agony, and I felt that my hand had been crushed.  She did it again and again, then
said I was to hold out the other hand, where she did the same.  I had never been caned on the
hand, and I could hardly hold my hand still.  The man was encouraging her and said that I was
only a pain slut.

The man told me that I was quite a good whore, but that their time was now up.  They made me lie
on the floor and used their poop covered panties to rub the poop all over me.  I was covered in
it, and I looked all brown.  The man used his hand to push the poop in my mouth, my nose and my
cunny.  He smeared it all over my titties.  Then he pushed her poopy panties in my mouth and
tied them in place.

They went into the bathroom, and I could her them laughing as they took a shower.  When they
came out they said thank you for entertaining them, and went out.

I just layed there.  My body hurt all over, I could only tase poop in my mouth and I could'nt
open my hands.  After a while the Maid came in and said that it looked like they had enjoyed
themselves.  She told me to get up and we went into the bathroom.  She said I should get in the
shower while she cleaned the room up.  When she came back, she said it was bathtime, and made me
get in the tub, where she gave me a good washing.  She said that she liked to have her cunt
licked, and got into the bath with me.  She made me put my head between her legs lick her cunny. 
It was very hairy and did'nt smell too good, but by now I was beyond caring.  I could feel her
start to come, and she pushed her cunny hard against my face.

When she was satisfied, she made me get out of the bath and gave me a clean nightie to put on. 
Then she said I was to follow her, and she took me back to the big room with the other girls. 
The first thing I saw was Mommy.  She was sitting in a chair and was really crying.  I could see
her face and legs were all red, so I knew she had been spanked by the man who took her away. 
Monica came out of the office, and came over to Mommy.  She said that her trick had reported
that she was a useless fuck, and had made no effort to please him.  Mommy said that she had
tried very hard but she could'nt please him.  Monica said that Mommy would now find out what
happened to girls who had a bad report.  She made Mommy stand up and take of her nightie.  Then
she made Mommy, who was completely naked, bend over a sort of stool, where she tied Mommys hands
and legs to the stool.  As she finished doing this a man came in, looking for a Girl.  Monica
went over to him and said it was his lucky day because he got to beat a whore, and if he did it
hard enough, he could have the girl of his choice free for an hour.  The man was really pleased,
so he took a cane from Monica and came over to Mommy.  He started to cane her bottom so hard and
fast it was hard to see the cane hit her.  Mommy was screaming in pain, but Monica told him to
carry on as he had'nt earned his freebie yet.  Monica said he should hit her legs and back, so
the man did as he was told.  All of a sudden Mommy stopped screaming and fell silent.  Monica
came over and said that he had beaten her unconcious, and that he was a winner, and he could
choose his girl.  She turned to me and said that I was lucky, my tricks had said that I was'nt
the best they had used, but I was satisfactory.  Monica said that it could have been me where
Mommy was.

I could see that Mommys bottom and legs were really bleeding and asked Monica if she could get a
doctor.  Monica just laughed and said that I must be stupid.  She said that the fucking useless
whore would stay there for the rest of the day as an example of what would happen to anyone who
did not please their guests.

I just sat there, and when another man came over and told me to present myself, I just stood up,
spread my legs and lifted the nightie right up.  I knew that I was in a trap where I could not
get out, and I wondered what would become of me and Mommy now.

THIS IS THE END OF BABY JENNY'S STORY.

PLEASE FEEL FREE TO EMAIL ME AT babjen@yahoo.com with any comments or suggestions.




Baby Jenny by BJ

BABY JENNY PART 6  THE HAPPY ENDING.

But for those of you who like a nice happy ending, I have written an alternative PART 6, which
follows

When Mommy had finished cleaning me up she brushed my hair and left it all loose.  She asked me
if I needed to go on the Potty, but I said I didn't think so now. She took a little white
shortie night dress from the drawer, and dressed me in it. She said I did look lovely.  She took
me by the hand, and led me downstairs.  Daddy was waiting in the living room.  He looked very
angry, and had a cane in his hands.  He said that it was about time I came down, and said that
Mommy was very slow in cleaning me up.  he said his next punter would be along soon.  He said
that Peter had told him that I had run away into the bathroom, and that he had been forced to
cane me because I was naughty.  Daddy said that he had told me I must do whatever I am told, and
it was about time I learned that he would not stand for any nonsense.  He said that he was now
going to cane me again, and perhaps this time I would learn that I belonged to him, and he was
my owner and must be obeyed.   I started to cry again and pleaded with him not to cane me
because I was really sore and my bottom hurt. He said that if I had'nt been naughty, I would not
be getting the cane. He took off my nightie and told me to bend over his lap.  Mommy said he
should be carefull because I was already very bruised, and the Customers would be upset when
they saw me.  Daddy said that perhaps she was right, and told me to stand up.  he then said I
was to lie on the sofa, with my feet on the arm.  I did as he told me very quickly, and he took
the cane and hit me on the underneath of my foot with it.  I screamed in agony.  I had never
felt anything like that.  Daddy took hold of my foot and pushed it away and pulled the other one
onto the arm.  Then he hit me again with the cane.  I did not think it was possible to hurt so
much and screamed and screamed.  Daddy said I was to be quiet and made me stand up.  It was
agony standing up as my feet felt like they were on fire.

Daddy said that he wanted to punish me some more, but Mommy said I had had enough.  Daddy said
that he quite liked caning my feet, and that I should take care not to make him do it again. 
Daddy said my next guest wanted me to be able to pee a lot, and told Mommy to get a large jug of
water.  Mommy fetched the water, and Daddy took some pills from his pocket.  He put them in the
water and stirred it round.  he said I was to drink the whole jug.  Mommy said that he should'nt
make me drink a duraletic but Daddy said that my next guest wanted plenty of pee. I did'nt know
what a duraletic was anyway.

After I had drunk all the water, Daddy made me put the nightie back on and made me stand in the
corner again.  He said I had better not pee on the floor or I would get my feet spanked again. 
After a while I could feel a bad need to do a pee and called to Daddy.  He said I should cross
my legs and hold my cunt because if I peed I would get the spanking he pronmised me.  I did as
he said and held my cunny with my hand.  My tummy was begining to hurt real bad and I could'nt
stand straight.  Mommy was getting quite concerned and said that he was being too cruel to me,
but Daddy just laughed and said that was what I was for.

It seemed like ages before the doorbell rang and Mommy brought someone into the room.  Daddy
said I should turn round and say hello to my guest.  When I turned round I was surprised to see
a lady standing there.  She said was this the slut she had been told about, and Daddy said that
was me.  She said why was I standing like I needed to take a piss.  Daddy said that he had got
me ready for her, and she smiled and said that sounded good.  Daddy said that I was to lift my
nightie, and present myself to Maud.   I lifted my nightie with my other hand, but Maud said I
had better not let go of my cunt or I would piss on the floor.  Daddy said I cost $150.00 for an
hour, and Maud said okay and gave Daddy some dollars.  Daddy showed her the room upstairs and
Maud took hold of my hair and made me follow her.  When we got in the room, she said that I
must'nt piss yet, and started to get undressed.  When she was naked, she told me to stand up
straight and open my legs as wide as I could.  She got down on the floor and put her head
between my legs.  She said I was to let go of my cunt and when she smacked my leg, I was to
start peeing.  I took my hand away, and could feel her mouth on my cunny.  Then she slapped my
leg, and I just started to pee and pee.  I seemed to pee for ever, and it all ran into her mouth
and all over her face and hair.  She was really excited and said I should not stop, but all my
pee had run out and I was empty.

She said that was the best pee she had tasted in a long time, and rubbed it all over her head. 
She put her head against my cunny and dried it with her hair.  She said that she had come when I
peed on her.  I could'nt understand why she wanted me to pee on her, but I really did'nt care,
all I knew was my tummy was'nt hurting now.  She said that she was going to take a crap now, and
took off my nightie.  I knew she meant that she was going to do a poop, and hoped that she would
not poop on me, but she said I was to lie down in my puddle of pee on the floor.  Then she
kneeled over my face and put her bottom just above my eyes.  She said I was to watch her crap,
and started to go.  I could see her poop coming out and closed my eyes.  It fell on my face, and
went in my nose.  She reached down and took hold of my nose so I had to open my mouth and her
poop went all in my mouth.  It was horrible, I hated the taste of poop and wanted to be sick. 
She rubbed my face with her bottom, and said that I was a good girl.    She said I was to fetch
a towel and she wiped my face, which made the poop go all over me even worse.  Then she  got
down on her knees and leaned forward.  She said I was to pull her ass open and start to lick her
clean.  I did as I was told, but I really felt very sick and my tummy started to hurt again. 
When she was cleaned up, she said that I could go to the bathroom and wash.  I ran to the
bathroom and was sick in the big girls toilet.  Maud followed me and said that I should learn to
like the taste of crap, just like her.  She said I could have a quick shower, which made me feel
a little better.  When I had finished she made me go back into the room where there was all poop
and pee on the floor.  Maud said it was my turn to crap on her.  I liked the sound of that, but
I said that I could'nt do a poop yet.  She got quite annoyed and said that I should be able to
poop on command. 

She said that if I could'nt crap yet, she would now piss on me, and told me to get down and
press my mouth on her cunny.  She was very hairy, and her cunny really smelt bad, but I knew
that there was worse to come.  She said I was to take her clit in my mouth and bite it softly, 
I said I did'nt know what her clit was, so she put her hand on her cunny and pulled the little
bit of skin in the middle and said this was her clit, and I had better get hold of it with my
teeth.  I did as I was told, and then I could feel her pee coming into my mouth and nose and all
over me.  I hated that, but it was'nt as bad as her poop.  After she had finished peeing, she
wiped me with the towel, which was all covered in poop, and I smelt real awful.  She said was I
ready to poop, but I just could'nt.  She said that she would beat the crap out of me, and went
to the shelf, where she picked up the riding crop.  She said I should bend over and touch my
toes.  She started to spank my sore bottom with the crop and said she would stop when I was
ready to poop.  The spanking went on and on, but I still could'nt poop.  She said this was
costing her a fortune, went to the bathroom where she found the bag and piping that Mommy used
to clean me out inside.  She filled a jug with hot soapy water and brought everything back into
the room.

I knew that this was an enema bag, and that it was used to make me poop.  She made me lie on the
bed and raise my bottom up.  Then she licked my bottom and made it all wet, when she pushed the
pipe up inside me.  She fixed the bag to one of the ropes hanging from the ceiling, and filled
it with water.  As she did, I could feel it start to fill my insides up.   When the bag was
empty, she filled it up again and watched as the water all ran down the pipe and into my bottom.
She found one of the plugs that Mommy puts in my bottom, and after the bag was empty, she pulled
the tube out, and pressed the plug into me.  She said I was to stand up and run on the spot.  I
started to do as she said, and I could feel the water all sloshing round inside me and making my
tummy hurt very much.  After a while she said I was most probably ready, and made me stand
still.  She got down between my legs and pushed them apart.  She said I must squat down over her
face, so I spread my knees apart and squatted down as if I was going to sit on my potty.  When
my bottom was touching her face, she said she was going to pull out the plug, and if I knew what
was good for me, I should crap as fast and as hard as I could.  I felt her pull out the plug,
and before I could even think about pooping, all my poop and water rushed out of my bottom, all
over her face and head.  It formed a great big puddle on the floor.  She was screaming with
excitement, and I could feel that she had come.

After I had stopped pooping. she rubbed her face all over my bottom, and started to lick me
clean.  She said that I was the best crapper that she had had for a long time.  I did'nt know
what to say, so I just kept quiet.  She said that she just had time to show me how a woman fucks
a woman.  She opened her bag and pulled out a massive dido.  It looked just like a mans cock
with balls and everything, but there was a cock each side.  She said that this was her equipment
and told me to stroke it.  I rubbed it with my hand, and I could fel that it was made of a hard
rubber, and bent just like a real cock.  She pushed one side of the dido right up her cunny, and
made me tie some straps round behind her bottom to keep it in.  She made me lay on the bed, and
put the other cock right up my cunny, where I could feel it pressing against my insides.   She
started to fuck me with it, slowly at first, but soon she was fucking me very fast. After a
while I started to shake and felt that I had come.  At the same time, I could feel her coming
again.  After we had both come, she lay over me, breathing very hard.  She said I was the best
fuck doll she had ever had.

She got up and told me to stay where I was. She took of the dido and went into the bathroom
where I could hear the shower running.  When she came out, she said thank you, put on her
clothes  and left.  I just laid there, I was really exhausted and I hurt all over.  I smelled
horrible, and the whole bed and floor was covered in poop.  Daddy and Mommy came in, and Daddy
said that the room needed a complete clean, and so did I.  Mommy said what did he expect when he
let every pervert in the town loose in here with me.  Daddy told her to shut up and get the
place cleaned.  He said that she was to dress me in a diaper and panties before bringing me
downstairs.  Mommy said we would both clean the room, which took ages.  Then she made me bath
and washed me nice and clean.  I said that please would she stop Daddy from bringing round all
his friends to have sex with me.  Mommy said that they were not Daddys friend, but were Punters
he found to pay for perverted sex with me.  She said she was so sorry, but she had expected that
I would be only be her baby when I came to live with them, and not used by the towns worst
perverts.

When we went downstairs, I was wearing a diaper for the first time in ages, and it felt so nice
and safe.  We went into the living room, where Daddy was in a rage.  He said that my last trick
had cancelled, and that I should get in the playpen and stay quiet.  He took a bottle of drink
from the cabinet, and started to drink it very fast.  Mommy said that he would get drunk, and he
said that  fucking right he would. After he had drunk the whole bottle, he opened the playpen
and dragged me out.  He said that if my trick was'nt coming, he would bloody well do me himself
for free. He ripped off my panties and diaper and threw me onto the sofa.  He stripped off his
trousers and pants and told me to start deep throating his cock.  I took his cock in my mouth
and he pushed it deep down my throat.  It started to get very large and hard. It tasted
absolutely awful.   He fucked it in and out of my mouth, and started to pee down my throat.  I
felt like I was drowning in pee, and started to pull my mouth off his cock, but he gripped my
head and forced it even deeper.  I just could'nt help myself, and bit his cock hard.  He went
absolutely mad.  He pulled his cock out of my mouth, and his pee went every where.  He screamed
that I was in for a real whipping now, and that he was going to pull all my teeth out.  He threw
me on the floor, and gave me a hard kick in the cunny.  I rolled up in a ball, and was crying
very hard.  Daddy fetched the cane and forced me over his lap.  He started to cane my bottom so
hard that I could only scream and scream in agony.

Mommy was just watching him cane me, and I screamed to Mommy, please stop him, I am going to
die.  Mommy came over and snatched the cane from his hand.  She said that I had had enough and
she would'nt stand for any more.  Daddy was absolutely furious.  He took hold of my hair and
threw me into the playpen.  He said to Mommy that he was going to beat her if he could'nt beat
me.  She said he was mad, and that if he killed me he would'nt be able to pimp me to every freak
in town for 150 dollars an hour.  I was so afraid that he would really beat Mommy that I cried
out that he must'nt beat her, and he should beat me because I was the bad girl.  Mommy said she
was going to take me and leave.  Daddy went all red in the face and grabbed hold of Mommy.  He
ripped her clothes off until she was naked, when he forced her down over the table.  He used her
torn clothes to tie her hands and legs to the table.  He picked up the cane and started to cane
Mommy's bottom. Mommy was screaming in pain, but he just carried on caning her.  He said that
this was only the beginning.  Both Mommy and I were screaming now, and Daddy picked up mommies
panties and stuffed them in her mouth.  This made Mommy go quiet and she could only grunt.  Then
he did the same to me, and I could'nt scream any more either.  He said that was much better, and
carried on caning Mommy.  he started to cane her legs and back, then he untied her and made her
turn over, when he tied he to the table again.  Then he caned her cunny and her titties.  He
said that would teach her a lesson, and that she could join me with the punters and turn some
tricks as well.

I just could'nt watch anymore, and fell down on the floor.  As I did the playpen door opened and
I fell out.  Daddy was so busy caning Mommy that he did not notice me.  I crawled over the floor
and picked up the empty water jug.  I stood up behind Daddy and smashed the jug on his head.  He
fell on the floor, so I did it again, and this time the Jug broke as I hit him.  I could see him
bleeding, and pulled the panties from my mouth.  I screamed to Mommy that I would undo her and
pulled the panties from her mouth.  She said I should get a knife from the kitchen and cut her
free before Daddy got up.  He was just laying there with his blood coming out.  I got the knife
and cut Mommy free.  She got some ropes and tied his hands and legs.  He opened his eyes and
said we were both dead when he got his hands on us.  Mommy said if he got free, and gave him a
real hard kick in the balls.  he screamed in agony, so I did it as well.  Mommy made sure he was
tied up tight, and said we should go upstairs and get dressed.  We rushed upstairs and Mommy
helped me to put on a dress and panties.  She said I should go and watch Daddy to make sure he
did'nt get free while she got dressed, so I ran back to the living room.  Daddy was still lying
there shouting and swearing.  he said he would fucking kill the pair of us.  I gave him another
hard kick and then another and then another.  I really enjoyed kicking him, and kept doing it.  
As I was wearing my shoes now,  this must have hurt him bad beacuse he stopped shouting and was
sick on the floor.

Mommy came down with a suitcase and took his wallet.  She took all the money out and some other
stuff.  She went to a cupboard in the wall and used a number that she found in his wallet to
open the door.  She said to look at all that money, took it out and put it in her bag.   She got
a plastic garbage bag and put it over Daddys head, tying it with some string,  and we ran
outside and got in the car.  Mommy drove off very fast and said that we would go Upstate, where
he would never find us.   We stopped for some food in a diner, and Mommy was crying. She said
that she was so sorry that she had treated me like toilet paper and that I should tell the
Police about her.  I said that it was okay, and that we were friends.  Mommy cried even more at
this.  We stopped several times to buy food and clothes.  Mommy used the cards that she had
taken from Daddy to pay for them.  Mommy said she had some friends in Montana, and we would go
there as Daddy did not know about them.  She went to a machine and put his card in, taking a lot
of dollars out.  She said we would clean him out before he could get his hands loose.

We left the car in a street, and walked to a shop, where Mommy bought another car with Daddys
dollars.   We drove and drove, stopping for sleep in a  hotel,  eventually arriving at her
friends house.  She said that I was her daughter, Jenny, and that she had been forced to leave
her husband because he was so violent and had nearly killed both of us.  Mommys friends said we
were more than welcome to stay, and as we went into their house, I really did feel that perhaps
my life was'nt so bad after all.

End of the Story about Baby Jenny.  by   BJ.

Post story note.  Daddy died of Asphyxiation due to the plastic bag.  When the police finally
found him, they assumed that he had been enjoying some form of perverted homosexual act, and
closed the case.  Thus Jenny and her Mommy were free to start a new life together.  Jenny had
really grown up, and the two of them became firm friends.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jenny Olds


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





