BDSM Library - Violet




Violet
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Girl enslaved by her best friend put through many tortures and pains.
This is an adult story involving various nasty things. If you are not 18,
you are required by law to exit this story now. If you are 18 or over,
enjoy.





Violet

Violet thought she had found a happy home. An adopted member of the Reed
family, her friend Jenny and her Jenny's step-father had taken her in
several months ago when her parents had died in a car crash. It wasn't hard
to get along with those two. They also had been through a lot after losing
Jenny's mother to cancer. But Violet wanted more than just family status.
She knew that Mr. Reed was very wealthy, with no living relatives other
than Jenny. She knew she could use her looks and brain to lure him into
signing over his share of the wealth to her. Jenny wasn't the problem.
Having attended private schools most of her life in another state, nobody
really knew her well in the small town they now lived in. If she where to
disappear, little would be said by anybody other than her step father, and
their where ways to distract him from complaining.

Violet was only 18 but was a beauty already. Her slim body stood at 5'8",
and with the help of some high heels, she was a statuesque beauty. She had
the perfect ass, both round but trim and a thin waist. Her athletic
shoulders made her large breasts stand out in a perky fashion, one that
attracted any warm blooded man, and some women for that matter! Her face
was that of both youth and experience, with long blonde hair to give her a
soft look. The plan had been laid out. She had used her insurance money to
purchase what she needed, and secretly set up the large basement to suit
her purposes. The plan would start tonight, with Jenny.

It was an early evening for the two 18 year olds. Mr. Reed was out on
business and the two decided to spend the night in front of the TV watching
old movies. Violet suggested that they warm the house up and lounge around.
Violet quickly ran up stairs and came down in a slinky negligee, dancing on
the stairs like a stripper. Jenny laughed and clapped as her friend moved,
then she agreed, probably wanting to be a bit naughty like her friend
Violet. She ran upstairs to find a lacy bra and g-string lying on her bed,
set there by Violet. In moments she moved down the stairs, trying to top
her friend's sultry moves. As they met at the bottom, Jenny continued,
running hands up Violets legs and over her breasts. Violet smiled and
encouraged her until Jenny laughed and charged into the living room. They
sprawled out in front of the large fireplace and flipped on the TV. Violet
offered Jenny a drink and, after only a few minutes, Jenny had slipped off
to sleep. Violet flipped off the TV and began undressing her friend. The
panty and bra slipped off easily, revealing the trim athletic form of the
brunette. Shorter but well built, Jenny had played tennis for years,
building her body into a wonderful shape. She also had larger breasts, a
fact that caused trouble for athletic bras, but would serve Violet's
purpose well.

It took only half an hour to prepare Jenny. First her pussy was shaved,
then Violet applied a salve that she had found in Europe. It was designed
to prevent any future hairgrowth. She spread it not only between her legs
but over her legs, arms and under arms. Finally, she slipped a thick
leather collar around Jenny's neck and locked it into place. She lifted
Jenny onto the whipping aparatus she had carried up from the basement. Her
ankles where strapped wide apart to bars at floor level. Her body was bent
forward at the waist and she was leaned across a padded bar. Her wrists
where strapped to the upper bars that stretched away from the lower posts.
A small winch allowed Violet to pull the straps tight until Jenny was
stretched. Her body was at a slight angle up, but accessable from all
sides, including access to her dangling breasts. As Jenny began to wake up,
Violet stuffed a huge ball gag between her teeth and strapped it into
place.

Jenny looked around in confusion as she realized her predicament. As she
caught sight of the now naked Violet, she tried to ask what was happening.
Violet ignored her, running her hands over the girl's body. She tweaked her
left nipple and, as Jenny flinched in pain, took note of the quality of the
bondage. Finally she took a long cat-o-nine tails and displayed it in front
of Jenny.

"I'm sorry to tell you, Jenny. But you are now my slavegirl. No, this is
not a joke. I've decided to train you to service me, then I will sell you
to an overseas bidder." Violet smiled as she began to swing the whip
through the air. "First, though, I want to show you what will happen if you
disobey." With that she let the whip fall hard on Jenny's back, leaving
wide red welts across her skin. Jenny flinched hard, screaming behind the
gag. But Violet continued, laying down an even line of whip marks across
Jenny's back and ass. After half an hour, there wasn't a spot unmarked. She
stopped and Jenny collapsed into her bonds, breathing heavily.

But Violet wasn't done yet. She switched to a heavy leather tarse and moved
to Jenny's side where she could see the first stroke flying up from
underneath to land on her hanging breasts. The hard leather cut a streak
into her soft skin and Jenny tried to pull away as she screamed into her
gag. But the bonds where too tight and her body too taught and her motion
appeared only as a slight quiver. The tarse flew up again and again, laying
marks across Jenny's belly and breasts. Finally, after another half an
hour, Violet stopped. Tears flowed steadily from her friend's eyes now,
falling to the floor after running across her soaked cheeks. Violet had
stopped but wasn't finished. Jenny raised her head in time to catch her
moving behind, her image reflected in a pane of glass across the room. The
tarse flew up again, but this time between her legs to land on her newly
shaven pussy lips. The metal contraption nearly flew up in the air from the
force of Jenny's reaction. The second and third blows brought a primal
scream that pierced through the rubber gag and echoed through the room. By
the 30th stroke against her now swollen pussy and asshole, Jenny collapsed
in her bonds, fainted. Violet smiled as she examine the tortured body
before her, then quickly untied her for the next step.

Once again Jenny couldn't move a muscle, but this time she was spread
eagle, her toes inches away from the ground but unable to provide support.
The basement was dark and foreboding, a sharp contrast to the warm mood of
the rest of the house. Jenny had woken as Violet finished her most recent
bondage. Violet had chained her well, to the point that she was both
extended as wide as possible, yet also as immobile. The gag was still in
place, preventing any complaints. New tears poured down her cheeks as she
watched Violet collect a new tool. She glanced down at her nipples and
winced at the sight of the permanent jewelry Violet had installed there.
Two thick rings pierced her breasts just behind each nipple. The ends had
clicked together to form a seamless ring of titanium. In addition, Violet
had run a thick skewer of steel through the middle of each nipple, then
forced a small rod into the hole. The result was two piercings in each
breast, one ring and one rod. She could feel her clit throb from both the
whipping as well as the new ring that adorned her. She had passed out as
the special punching tool had pushed a wide hole through her clit. She woke
to feel Violet placing a similar ring there. Now, she approached with a new
set of equipment. Another punching tool was slipped around her septum and
with an intense pain and a click, she now had a wide hole in her nose. As
Jenny tried to clear the tears from her eyes, Violet had slipped two small
metal plates into her nose. They fitted perfectly on each side of her
septum, with a hole in the middle fitting over the new hole in her nose.
The tool was modified then slipped back into her nose. She could feel a new
pressure at the four corners of the metal plating then another series of
sharp pains. She quickly realized that Violet had rivetted the plates
directly to her septum! Some more fumbling, then Violet removed her grip on
Jenny's head and, as she pulled back, she could feel a new addition to her
face. A thick, shiny ring hung losely from her nose, nearly to the bottom
of her upper lip. She could feel how the two plates locked together and
held tight. She began crying again as she realized the permanence of the
rivets.

Violet released her legs, allowing Jenny to stand on her sore feet. After a
moment, she returned with an extreme pair of shoes. Like ballet shoes,
these boots forced her to walk on her toes! But rather than toe shoes with
blunt noses, these had pointy ends that nearly matched the stilletto heel.
Violet grabbed one of Jenny's feet and slipped the form fitting rubber shoe
on. As her toes reached the end, she could feel how they would be crushed
together to mimic the pointy end. Violet pushed them on hard, then used the
straps to force them further into place. In addition to straps that
replaced laces, another strap circled her heel and pushed her toes deep
into the point. Even before the straps where secured, she was in pain.
Violet completed the picture with the other shoe, then admired Jenny's body
as she pranced on her toes.

Lowering a chain from the ceiling, Violet used a clip to connnect it to
Jenny's nose ring. She then released Jenny's arms. Though she was free, she
was far too weak to struggle effectively and Violet quickly slipped a strap
around her elbows and pulled them together. Jenny winced as her arms where
pulled together behind her and her shoulders where thrust out. It was a
position she could just handle, but made her feel even more exposed than
before. Another strap circled her wrists and held them tight. As a final
touch, Violet added a strap above Jenny's elbows and pulled until her
shoulders could not flex back any more, locking this strap in position.
Taking the slack out of her nose ring chain, Violet stood back to admire
her new prize. She smiled then lifted a floor length mirror into view for
Jenny. The newest slavegirl had to force her eyes down to look, fighting
the ring in her nose to lower her chin enough for a view. She could see a
tall brunette, in painful ballet boots, her arms strapped severely behind
her at elbow and wrist, dancing at the end of a chain connected to a shiny
nose ring, her large breasts bouncing in reaction to her struggles. The
light caught a gleam off the rings in her clit and nipples. Jenny began to
cry. Violet only smiled and, leaning close to her body, gave the clit ring
a sharp twist, then left Jenny for the night.

Stage two of the plan was easy. Mr. Reed, though twenty years Violet's
senior, was like any man. It was impossible for him to resist a beautiful
girl. Just before he was to arrive home, Jenny had prepared herself,
dressing in a long silken dress that displayed her breasts well. It wasn't
hard to interest Mr. Reed, despite his knowledge of her mere 18 years. He
wanted her, like any man, and within half an hour, they where in bed. He
liked it rough, she found to her pleasure, holding her hands above her head
as he thrust deep into her young pussy. Soon, he was spent and Violet left
him to sleep.

After Mr. Reed left for the day, Violet unlocked the basement and went down
to visit Jenny. She found her in the same position, dangling from her nose
ring. She had become somewhat accustomed to the severe shoes since she was
now standing on them, keeping pressure off her new septum plates. Violet
could see a thin layer of sweat had covered Jenny's body throughout the
night and a new sign of fear was evident on her face. Violet unhooked her
nose chain, reattaching a leather leash to the ring and pulling Jenny
toward the stairs.

After three hours, Violet swung open the sauna door to check her slave.

After leaving the basement, she had bathed Jenny then slipped on a tight
latex body suit. Jenny tried to struggle, but the ten hours of bondage left
her arms useless, and the hours on her toes took all energy from her legs.
Two, thick rubber blowup dildos had been forced into her pussy and ass,
then fed through holes in the suit. Violet pumped the dildos up until the
pressure of the rubber bladder was stretching both her pussy and ass. After
the suit was pulled and stretched over her body, Jenny looked like her skin
was made of latex. Before rebinding her arms, Violet slipped on a thick
rubber corset and laced it into place. Finally, new straps circled her
wrists, above and below her elbows, locking her arms into the same useless
position. A bigger ball gag was forced as far into Jenny's mouth as
possible, leaving half the ball sticking out. Leather pads where placed
over her eyes and foam earplugs filled her ears. Small plugs where pushed
deep into her nose, a thin tube protruding from each for breathing. A thick
rubber hood was slipped over her head and laced into place. Additional
rubber straps circled the hood, covering the eyes and then the mouth. The
mouth strap was pulled hard, forcing the ball even deeper into her mouth
until the entire ball was forced between her teeth. Jenny took this binding
quietly, half out of fear, half out of defeat. Leading her on her toe shoes
toward the sauna, Violet had attached a chain to the top of the hood and
then to the top of the sauna, holding her on her feet. A bucket was hung
between her legs, supported by the laces to her corset. A small hose was
inserted into the bucket then water was turned on, creating a very small
trickle. With that, Violet gave the dildos an extra pump for good measure,
turned on the sauna and left.

Now, three hours later, the bucket was nearly full. The weight of the
water, as a result, had pulled the lacings of the corset progressively
tighter, reducing Jenny's waist to a small 21 inches. She looked like a
rubber hourglass! Her breath came as short gasps through the small tubes in
her nose as she struggled to inflate her crushed lungs. Violet tied off the
strands to the corset, stapled them together to hold them fast, then
removed the bucket. An added torture, much to Violet's pleasure, was the
weight of the water on Jenny's toes. The water had added an extra fifty
pounds of pressure on her already tortured feet. As Violet unhooked the
chain from her helmet, she collapsed to the floor.

The second night was even easier. Guilt had risen in Mr. Reed and, as he
arrived home, summoned Violet for a talk. But she was prepared as he
stumbled through his carefully thought out speech. Her robe dropped to the
floor, revealing her attire. She had bought a latex mini dress that clung
to her perfect body. She had worn her highest heels, their six inches
sculpting her legs. Mr. Reed was putty as she dropped to her knees in front
of him and took him into her mouth.

For three days Jenny was kept in harsh bondage. The latex suit, blowup
dildos and corset had stayed on her body for the duration, only the hood
was removed. Each hour, Violet would add a single pump to each dildo until
they had expanded to capacity. Though painful, the goal was being
accomplished, stretching Jenny's virgin asshole and pussy wide enough to
handle any cock. Violet played off Jenny's absence to Mr. Reed, saying she
was off with friends. Instead, Jenny had spent one night bound into a tight
form under her step father's bed. Violet had the best orgasm knowing that
her lover's step daughter was directly beneath them as they made love,
unable to move or call out. Violet took this opportunity to discuss Mr.
Reed's upcoming birthday, and the surprise she had in store for him. He
pushed for details, as she knew he would, but she would only say that it
would satisfy some of his primal urges.

The second day consisted of Violet placing Jenny in a bondage chair, bound
into immobility with heavy leather straps. Her arms had not been untied
since the day in the sauna. She found herself, in this case, unable to
avoid Violet's torture. She would ask, "Are you my slavegirl?" and, as
Jenny would not respond, Violet would produce a thin rod of stainless steel
and slowly push it through the thick latex and into Jenny's breast. After
an hour, Jenny's breasts looked like pincushions, with many small spikes
piercing her delicate skin through the latex, as well as several long rods
that extended through one breast and into the other. In the end, Jenny
agreed to anything Violet would do to her.

The third day was sex training. As Mr. Reed left for the day, Violet
started with pleasuring a female, namely herself. Jenny was placed on her
knees, still bound tightly in latex and toe shoes, as Violet pushed Jenny's
face into her hairless pussy. With steady encouragement by way of the heavy
tarse, and threats of spikes through her breasts again, Jenny slowly
learned how to bring Violet to orgasm. Later, she was laid on her back and
Violet sat on her face, pushing her asshole onto Jenny's tongue. This time,
corecion came by way of the tarse on her pierced pussy, a much quicker and
more effective encouragement. By noon, Jenny was begging to lick her pussy
and tits. Violet had invited several gentlemen over, and with little
conversation, they pushed their cocks into young Jenny's face. By the end
of the day, she had not only orally pleased all the men, but also taken
each into her pussy and ass.

Finally, the big day had arrived. Mr. Reed had been reminded of Violet's
surprise and was planning to be home early. As he left, Violet released
Jenny from her suspension. As a final proof of her ability to punish,
Violet had suspended Jenny in the basement. For twelve hours she had hung
from her breasts, leather straps had been wound around the base of them
until they looked like black latex balloons. As her toe shoes lost touch
with the floor and the winch clicked into its final position, Jenny was
begging for release. Violet admired her slavegirl, dangling in the center
of the room, her arms mercilously bound behind her, and ignored the cries
as she again climbed the stairs and left her.

Jenny was truly submissive now, having felt the depth of Violet's cruelty.

It was hard to believe that an eighteen year old could control another with
such intensity. Still wearing the corset and latex, Jenny was led by the
nose ring to the shower where she collapsed to the floor. Violet released
her arms for the first time in three days and slipped off the latex suit.
Rather than holding her up in the large shower stall, Violet had installed
a small cable winch and she pulled the cable dangling from the center of
the shower to the floor. Clicking the clip to Jenny's nose ring, she began
cranking. Once the slack was removed and her body began rising, Jenny found
energy to lift herself off the ground, if only to release some of the
pressure from her abused septum. Violet was pleased with the strength of
Jenny's nose modification. Attached directly to the cartilage, the metal
plates made her septum very strong. She could imagine the many punishments
she could inflict on Jenny in the future with just her nose ring. Once on
her toe shoes again, Violet rinsed off her slavegirl's body and washed her
shoulder length black hair. Jenny simply stood there, perched on her
punished toes, dangling from her nose ring.

Once dried off again, Violet produced a new method to bind Jenny's arms.

Three inch wide steel bands had been lined on the inside with a thin sheet
of padded leather. Violet pulled her arms behind her back with palms facing
each other. Slipping the first band around Jenny's wrists, the two ends
met. One end had three holes while the other had three small rods welded
into the metal. As the two where joined, Violet used a tool to complete the
rivet connection. The snug bands welded Jenny's hands together. Another
band was stretched around her lower arms, just below the elbow. The final
band consisted of two smaller bands that went around each upper arm, just
above the elbow. A length of banding stretched between the two. Violet used
a hex wrench that fit in an access hole in the middle. Slowly the band was
shortened and her upper arms where forced closer together. Jenny squirmed
against the harsh bondage as she felt her shoulders forced back farther
than ever before. Finally, Violet stopped. Re-checking all the rivets she
turned to face Jenny's tear strained face.

"I'm sorry to say you won't be using your arms for quite some time. Get
used to this concept. I just finished rivetting your arms together." Violet
smiled as she watched Jenny struggle in panic then give up as she realized
the validity of Violet's claim.

As the time neared when Mr. Reed would return for the nights activities,
Violet began preparing Jenny. A large rubber ball was forced into Jenny's
mouth before a thick leather hood was stretched over her head. Lacing it
tight, Jenny's skin looked like it was made of leather when she was done. A
strap stretched across her mouth, forcing the ball entirely in her mouth.
Rather than a blindfold, her eyes where covered with a pair of dark smoked
plastic lenses. Much like welding glasses, her sight would be limited. A
wide leather posture collar fit around the base of the hood, covering her
throat. Violet took the opportunity to check the straps on the toe shoes,
pulling them tighter and forcing Jenny's toes deeper into the pointed toe.
Finally, she led Jenny upstairs toward her step-father's bedroom. The room
had been transformed into a moody sex den. All the lamps had been draped
with sheer scarves, giving off soft light. Jenny was pushed to the floor in
the middle of the room. A heavy ring had been installed into the floor
there and Violet attached a chain from it to Jenny's collar. Well trained,
she had dropped to her knees and sat upright, her legs spread wide to show
her shaved pussy and pierced clit. Violet quickly dressed into a slinky
leather dress that fit snug over her curvacious body. Hearing the front
door open, Violet leaned over to the newly submissive Jenny.

"Don't forget, my dear. I can cause you great pain if you disobey." She
could hear Jenny's muffled whines beneath the tight leather, but she nodded
in agreement. Violet smiled, stroking the smooth layer of leather then
darted downstairs.

After half an hour, Violet apppeared, leading somebody into the room. Jenny
could see shapes, but no faces through the dark glass over her eyes. Her
ears partially blocked, prevented her from recognizing voices well, though
she could hear the conversation. It took only a few moments before the
guest leaned close to examine his birthday gift. Jenny jumped when her
step-father's face pushed toward hers to admire the bondage.

"I hope you like her, Mr. Reed," Violet cooed as she watched him circle
Jenny.

"You say she's a slavegirl," he asked, amazed at the cruelty of her
position.

"Yes, she is," Violet answered, "She was given to me awhile ago and I've
trained her for you. I would like to offer her to you for awhile. Perhaps a
month or so."

Mr. Reed smiled as he took hold of Jenny's nipple ring and twisted lightly.
"I would love to, Violet. But what would Jenny think?" Violet could see
Jenny's body tense at the mention of her name, perhaps thinking she might
be rescued yet.

"I forgot to tell you. Jenny decided to attend summer school. She won't be
back for three months." Mr. Reed smiled, not noticing Jenny give up for the
last time. "Well, let's get started. She really loves to be fucked in the
ass. And you probably want to whip her as well." Violet smiled as Mr. Reed
took over. As she sat in the corner chair to watch, she could hear Jenny
begin to whimper through the heavy gag as her step-father began with a hard
smack to her ass.

The End

I welcome any comments or questions. My ultimate goal is to produce a film
from this story. Of course much of it would have to be faked! If any ladies
are interested in participating, let me know!

TS




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Thndrshark


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





