BDSM Library - It Was Meant To Be




It Was Meant To Be
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A fantasy story based on a real event I witnessed. where a girl see's her friend humiliated but ends up getting even more herself.
It was meant to be
 by Emma No knickers




It was meant to be
 by Emma No knickers

Part 1



When I was seventeen I was to experience one of the most memorable  days of my
life that has stayed with me forever. Denise was one of my best friends at
school and she had a huge crush on a boy named Paul. He was the one of the most
popular guys in school, he was very good looking and he knew it. Denise was by
no means ugly but a little plain and still had a touch of what we called puppy
fat although not overweight as such, a little shy and not at all the type of
dolly bird that Paul went for. 

One day Denise told me that during a cross county run in a P E lesson she and
Paul had found themselves together off the usual track and she had let him screw
her. I did not really believe her but a few weeks later I was to see with my own
eyes the most amazing sight.

It was a Saturday morning and I saw three boys from school on my way to the
shops, they began talking to me and I could not believe it when they told me
where they were going. John and Kevin were a bit younger than Paul and lived
near me, Carl was a couple of years younger still who I didn't really know. Paul
had told them that he had got Denise to strip naked and let him do whatever he
wanted with her when ever he wanted and to prove it he had invited them to
watch.

They asked me to see for myself when I told them how ridiculous it all was and I
found myself going with them. We went to an old factory that was derelict and
hid in what was the old office part over looking a large open space.

We waited ages and I began to think it was all made up in an effort to get me
alone with them but then we heard Paul and Denise. They walked to middle of the
floor and I could hear Paul tell Denise that she knew what to do. I was
absolutely stunned to see her begin to undress and I could feel the excitement
and tension we all felt watching her. She slowly but surly removed every stitch
she was wearing apart from her socks and shoes, she put her brown hair in to a
pony-tail and stood with her legs apart and hands behind her back.

Paul picked up all her clothes and began to walk towards us, she never even
turned her head as he opened the door and threw the clothes on the floor. "A
present lads" he laughed quietly and then looked at me "if you say a word about
this you will get the same" he threatening. They told him I had promised not to
tell and he seemed amused that Denise's own friend was going see what he could
make her do.

I wanted to shout and scream that we were here and stop her form going through
with this with us watching but I was so scared. He walked back towards her and
when he reached her he began to feel her boobs. She remained still as he played
with her nipples even pulling and pinching them quite roughly and then he took
hold of them both to stretch her breasts as far as he could away from her body.
The boys gave a little laugh and I was in shock at why she was letting him do it
to her. He kept hold of her nipples and began to jiggle her boobs; she did not
have a large bust but he still made them bounce as he tormented her.

When he let go she was made carry on by herself making them bounce up and down,
the sight was so unbelievable and the boys had looks of sheer lust on their
faces. 

Paul walked around her looking her up and down like he would a dog at a show as
she continued with the bizarre spectacle before us. He began to stroke her bum
and encourage her to make her boobs bounce even more. She had her legs about a
foot apart and she was bending her knees to try and almost jump up and down on
the spot, this made her bum look like it was thrusting out towards his hand.

Suddenly he gave her bum a hard smack; I almost gasped in shock at how loud it
sounded. Once again the boys tried to stifle a giggle as Paul gave her a few
more smacks. By now she was beginning to get out of breath as Paul made her move
even quicker and told her to open her legs even wider apart. Despite feeling
really ashamed for her that we were watching all this I was transfixed on the
sight and wanted to see what else Paul would do to her.

He stood in front of her and with his face only a few inches from hers he asked
her what she wanted, she replied that she wanted to do whatever he told her. I
could not believe what he told her to do next, with both hands she was told to
smack her own bum! She was running on the spot now and each time she lifted her
left knee her left hand smacked her left bum cheek and so on with the right. It
was an incredible sight as soon he had her actually running up and down almost
coming to a few feet from where we hid. The sound of her own hands slapping down
on her own bare skin echoed through the building as Paul told her to do it even
harder. She ran towards us again and when she turned round her bum was getting
redder by the second as she tried to smack herself as hard as she could. Paul
hissed at her to lift her knees as high as she could as she was obviously
getting really out of breath by now. She was covered in sweat and panting like a
dog when at last he let her stop ad told her to stand with her back to us.

She had her hands on her head and I was amazed to see how red and sore her bum
looked. Paul began to mock her saying how disgusting she was wanting to smack
her own bum and behave like a whore for him. He continued to tell her that the
exercise was good for her and she obviously needed a good smacked arse. All the
time she was agreeing with him repeating almost everything he said until she
actually said, "yes I am a dirty little bitch who needs her fat arse smacking as
hard can be".

I could not imagine how she could say such shameful words but she seemed to be
relishing her performance. Paul walked behind to feel her bum again telling her
what a hot red arse she already had but it was going to get much hotter. He
asked her if she wanted him to take off his belt and thrash her with it, of
course she eagerly begged him to do it.

As he removed it from his trousers he made her say at the top of her voice what
a dirty bitch she was and she wanted the whole world to see she was Paul's
whore.

Out of all the people I knew I could not have believed it possible that Denise
could behave like this, it was like she had been hypnotized to behave so
wantonly. Paul then told her that perhaps he needed some help to thrash such a
disgraceful tart like her and should he ask some of his friends join in. She
looked startled and confused and mumbled that there was no one else here when he
laughed and shouted, "do we have any volunteers".

John and Carl immediately stood up and went towards Denise who had her back to
them, she looked over her shoulder and looked utterly devastated at their sudden
appearance. She tried in vain to cover herself up with her hands between her
legs and across her boobs as she ran behind Paul. He laughed that it was a bit
late to be shy now as they had been watching all along and with that she began
to sob and beg for her clothes.

Paul just laughed even more at her and told her that she better keep doing as
she was told because if she thought this was embarrassing he could make it much
worse for her. Between her sobs she asked how could it get any worse when Paul
told her they might say how they all found her naked smacking her own bum and
leave her without her clothes and go and get her parents. She looked really
frightened and begged Paul not to do that to her and he stayed still in silence
as you could see the implications go through her mind.

After a few minutes she walked from behind him still clutching her arms to try
and cover her modesty and asked quietly if Carl could not see her like this, as
he was too young. Paul laughed that she was in no position to make conditions
and told her he did not want to hear another word of protest or they would teach
her a lesson she would never forget.

I thought to myself that she was unlikely to ever forget this, as I certainly
wouldn't and tried to imagine the shame she must be feeling. It would be bad
enough to be naked but to know they had seen her smacking her own bum so
enthusiastically would be a nightmare.

Once again she was standing legs apart with her hands held tight behind her back
as all three of them inspected her. Paul held the belt in front of her face and
sarcastically asked where she wanted it. At first she could hardly speak above a
whisper as she asked for it on her bum but he was not satisfied until she said
loudly "I want the belt across my bare arse please Sir".

They all laughed and called her yet more names as Paul led her to an old iron
handrail and made her bed right over it. Most of her weight was on her arms
reaching down to hold the lower rail and her stomach was on the top rail. Her
bum was thrust high in the air as Paul delivered the first stroke. She gave a
slight grunt as it landed on her red bum cheeks and he continued to land stroke
after stroke across her upturned bum cheeks. I could sense she was trying to be
brave and not show them how much it was hurting as she took sharp breaths and
gritted her teeth with each stroke.

Paul gave the belt to John and went to stand in front of Denise, he lifted her
head up by her pony-tail so he could look at her face. John swung the belt down
hard on her bum and Paul laughed at the reaction on her face "is this hard
enough my pretty whore" he smiled. He held her head while John gave her some
more and teased her by saying that it would be Carl's turn soon.

She tried to shake her head in defiance as Carl told john to let hive have the
belt as he would hit her as hard as could with it. Paul returned to stand behind
Denise and took hold of her leg to actually lift it off the ground, as John gave
Carl the belt he took hold of the other leg. I could believe it as the two boys
began to spread her legs as wide apart as they could, her head was almost
touching the floor and now everything she had was on full view. She was balanced
on the handrail like a gymnast and I could not believe how exposed she was even
her anus was on open display to the grinning boys.

Carl stood between her open legs and brought the belt down in line with the
groove between her spread bum cheeks, I even felt myself wince in sympathy for I
as knew where the belt would soon land. The fact had not escaped Denise as each
time the belt seemed to get neared the cleft of her bum. "Please let me close my
legs" she pleaded again she begged but Paul was in no mood to be lenient with
her. She tried to pull her legs together and struggled wildly but it was no use
they held on firmly to her. "Come on Carl," yelled John "get it right on her
arse hole". She could still manage to move her bum from side to side enough to
make Carl miss the target and Paul let go of her leg.

With out warning he grabbed Denise's hand and lifted her upright "come on, I'm
taking you home" and marched her towards the way outside. She begged for her
clothes and pleaded with him not to take her outside naked but all he said was
that she had been warned to behave herself and he would show everyone what a
whore she was.

My own heart was beating as fast as could be and I could not comprehend what
must be going on in Denise's mind as he dragged her half walking and stumbling
to the door. She was openly crying as John asked Paul to give her one more
chance. Denise begged and promised that she would behave and do anything they
told her without hesitation and she really would do exactly what she was told.

John went up to Paul and they had a brief conversation which ended with them
both laughing and after telling Denise to stop crying and wipe her face John
said he was just gong to the shop.

Paul made Denise stand at the far end of the building well away from where Kevin
and me were still hiding and told Carl to stand and watch her. He came to see us
and told Kevin to go outside without Denise seeing him and meet John at the
shop.

I was frightened of Paul and did not want to be alone with him but I was trapped
I did not want Denise to know that I had spied on her from the start. Paul was
an arrogant bastard and asked what I thought of his treatment of my friend and
did I think she deserved it. Of course I could not answer him and then he asked
me if I wanted to be naked alongside her. I was terrified and begged him to let
me just leave as I would definitely not say anything to anyone and cowardly I
even said he could do exactly what he wanted with Denise and she did deserve it.

He laughed that she enjoyed most of what he did to her and he was bored of
watching her humiliate herself so he thought the involvement of his friends
would teach her a lesson in shame to see how much she did really like. He went
on to say how me coming along was a bonus as she would be absolute devastated to
know that her best friend had seen her in her true light as nothing but a dirty
little bitch.

Before I knew what was happening he grabbed my hair "so if you don't want us to
do something really bad to your friend you better be nice to me, understand
Emma". I knew it was hopeless to refuse and I meekly said I would be as nice as
he wanted.

He let go of me only to pull down the zip on his jeans 'Denise is my whore and
you are my cocksucker" he laughed in triumph. I had never even seen a boy's
thing before and now I was going to have to put one in my mouth of a boy who I
hated. Despite my humiliation I knew I would do it and actually wanted to do it.

I was on my knees and his cock was right in front of my face "open wide" he
gloated and pushed it in to my mouth. A thousand things ran through my mind and
my whole body was on fire as I began to such and lick at his hard cock. I could
not believe it was me who was doing it and I had a vision in my head of what I
looked like greedily slurping on his dick while he stood mocking me. "Not much
of a stuck up bitch now are you cocksucker" he laughed "you do know that your
going to be doing this to the rest of them even Carl". A huge rush of shame
flooded through me as I imagined having to let the youngest use me like this but
along with it I felt more turned on than I had ever been in my life.

I nodded my head frantically when he asked if I was ready to swallow his spunk
and as he once again grabbed me hair to hold me still I felt his cock twitch and
then explode in to my mouth. I did not care about the taste I just wanted to
drink it all down and I wanted to prove I was a complete cocksucker. I swallowed
without thinking and sucked harder to get even more of his seed in to my belly
"that's a good girl" he praised me and as I licked his cock clean and I found
myself saying "thank you Sir I am your new cocksucker".

As he left me still on my knees he asked me if I wanted the others to use me as
a cocksucker because he would not tell them unless I wanted him to. I wanted to
scream "no don't tell them" but I just nodded my head and said "please it is
what I am". He laughed at me the same way he laughed at Denise "take a good look
at your friend because you will soon be in her shoes and you know you want it".

As soon as he walked away I hated the taste in my mouth and felt sick at the
thought of what I had just done for him. It was almost like he had taken over my
personality and made me in to a plaything like he had with Denise.























It was meant to be
 by Emma No knickers

Part 2



Soon the boys were back but they were not alone I could see two other figures in
the shade waiting and Denise's reaction to seeing Kevin was bad enough how would
she react when she saw the other two. I could not hear what was being said as
they were too far away but I could see Denise shake her head as John held up a
length of garden cane. He had obviously just bought and I really did feel so
sorry for Denise at the thought of her being caned by them.

They started to walk back towards the handrail which was quite close to me and I
could hear Paul tell Denise to warm her fat arse again since it had cooled down
a bit. Without the slightest hesitation she began to lift her knees and smack
her own bum again as they all laughed she was made to go slowly round the room.
While she continued to perform this absurd humiliation of herself for their
amusement Paul asked her if perhaps she thought that enough people had seen her
behaving like the bitch she is or did she want more.

Of course she pleaded with Paul not to tell anyone about this but little did she
know how much worse it was soon to be. Paul continued to tease Denise by saying
what a dirty bitch she knew she was and everyone should know it. My heart missed
a beat as he then said how would she like her best friend Emma (me) to see her,
she still never stopped smacking herself as she said how bad that would be and
she was behaving herself so why were they still being mean to her.

Once again she was becoming out of breath having to keep up her task and as she
turned away from the boys to face me Paul beckoned the newcomers to enter. I
could have died on the spot it was my own younger brother Shaun with his friend
Lee who lived next door to Denise. I was literally shaking myself as I saw their
faces with mocking grins all over them and as soon as Denise turned round she
would see them for herself.

Oh god what would she do when she saw them I thought and how could Paul let a
couple of eleven year olds see her like this it was so unfair after he had got
her to do so much already. I held my breath as she turned round, still the slaps
to her own bum rang out as loud as ever. For a moment she seemed not to realise
that they were two more spectators to see her shameful display and then she
shrieked out loud. She stopped and just shook her head in dismay not even trying
to cover herself up, "come on girl" yelled Paul " you know the alternative". For
a second I thought she was just going to run away but she gave a low moan and
hissed "please God no" then reached her hand behind her to deliver to her
scarlet bum cheeks another stinging smack and set off slowly to continue her
obscene ritual.

I could not imagine how much courage she had got to be able to carry on as I
knew I would be curled up in a ball howling like a baby if it were me.

She was almost next to them when Paul told her to stop and let them all see what
a whore she was. Without needing to be told she faced them and put her hands
behind her back and opened her legs "look the bitch is loving every minute"
laughed John. Paul took hold of her breasts and asked to her tell Shaun and Lee
what they were called as she was a whore. At first she said "boobs" and they all
laughed except Paul who gave her a hard slap right across them. Whores have tits
he yelled at her not boobs or breasts or even a chest they have tits like you
do. Her face was almost as red as her bum as she had to ask Shaun and Lee if
they wanted to feel her tits.

They were both a bit overwhelmed by it all and just gave her a quick grope but
John and Kevin took a breast each and began to play. They tugged and pulled at
her nipples even having a competition to see who could lift a boob the highest,
she was almost on tip-toe as they let them drop. They finished off by flicking
cruelly at her now hard nipples and Paul made her jump up and down ten times and
repeat "I have tits like a whore".

She had to turn round and let them see her bum and she was asked what she
thought it should be called. She hesitated and then said my bottom but quickly
changed it to backside. Again Paul was quick to admonish her "it's your arse you
whore" and gave her a slap to each cheek. She was made to touch her toes and the
boys all took turns to feel all over her bum and give her a spanking, she had to
thank each one for "smacking my fat arse " when they finished.

She made to stand up but Paul told her they had not quite finished with her arse
just yet and even I blushed for her when Paul told her what to do next. He
wanted her to open her legs a little bend her knees and reach round with her
hands to pull apart her own bum cheeks. I could see her take a deep breath and
do exactly as he had told her.

Now the proper word is "anus" but we all know that she is a whore so what do we
call it Denise. She seemed to stutter but said quietly "arse hole Sir", Paul
seemed please but was not happy until she had said it as loud as she could
almost shouting "arse hole". Paul told each of them to take a good look and
imagine that some women even like to be fucked up there. As they took turns to
examine her most secret place Paul asked her if she had ever thought about
getting cock in her arse hole. She whispered "no" and then he asked John to show
him what else he had bought from the shop. John gave him a carrot and he laughed
as he held in front of Denise's face, "shall we see if your arse hole can take
this".

"Please no" she pleaded only to be told that it was not a question but a
statement and she had a choice to do it herself or to let Lee do it for her.
Paul continued that it would be good for Lee to do it and maybe he would tell
his Mum and Dad how he had pushed a carrot up the arse of his snotty next door
neighbour. He asked Lee if he would like to do it and of course he said he would
love to and then they all laughed when he said he would ask Denise's Mum the
next day if she liked carrots.

A sobbing Denise had no choice she could hardly let an eleven-year-old do
something so humiliating to her but was it any better doing it herself. She was
allowed to put her knees to the floor ad they all burst out laughing when she
took hold of the carrot and Paul asked her what she wanted to do with it. She
would not answer at first and after a quick spanking from Paul she was made to
say, "please can I fuck my arse hole with the carrot".

I felt such incomprehension at how she could do all this and thought that Paul
was going too far making her do something so unnatural. Despite my thoughts on
how disgusting it was I actually felt disappointed that she was facing me and I
would not see the carrot go in to her bum hole. I could see her reach round
behind her and her face twist with agony as she tried to push the carrot in side
her. John and Paul took hold of her bum cheeks and spread them as wide as they
could as Kevin exclaimed that she would never get it up her. Then Paul leaned
over and actually spit on to her bum hole, "come on lads give the girl some
help' she need to make it slip easier". I gasped unbelievingly as one by one
they took turns to spit on her anus, they had several goes and they laughed when
the hit a bullseye as they said.

This time I could sense the carrot going in as they cheered her on "come on girl
push harder" said Paul  "oh god that's gross" said another and then my own
brother made me cringe when he said "I would love to see my sister do that".
They all burst out laughing except for him and Lee as Paul said; "well you never
know your luck". I shuddered with absolute shame at the picture in my mind yet
felt a strange feeling between my legs.

Denise was now made to try and fuck herself with the carrot and she looked like
she was in a daze as she pushed harder and faster while they mocked her. "What a
dirty bitch", "look at the whore", "I bet she would like to be arse fucked for
real" they all stared intently at her disgusting display.

Paul took over with the carrot as Denise was made to move her attention to her
pussy and told to masturbate herself until she came. Everyone was crouched round
her trying to get as close as possible to see her fingers in her own sex or so I
thought.

A hand touched my shoulder, it was Carl with a leering look on his face. "I hear
you got a new nickname" he smiled, I could not believe how confident he was for
a thirteen year old. I was speechless as he dropped his trousers to his ankles
and waved his little cock at me. I hesitated before he looked across at the
spectacle outside "we can always do it out there" he laughed. It was no good I
knew I would have to do it and moved closer to him but before making me open my
mouth he took great delight in rubbing his cock all over my face. I was shocked
when he told me that he had read some magazines about this and maybe I should
lick his balls first, he gave a laugh as I began to tongue his tiny balls barely
covered in any hair at all.

The little bastard even gave my face a few slaps with his cock before pushing it
hard in to my mouth "come on cocksucker, I've got a surprise for you". I could
feel his cock swell a little and thought how quickly he had cum but he had not
cum he was pissing!

It took me a second to realise as the warm liquid ran down my throat what was
happening, I tried to gag but he had put both hands behind my head to pull me
tight against him. The piss was about to burst out of my mouth and in a split
second I knew that I had to swallow again or I would be going home with my
clothes covered in it. I could do nothing but swallow mouthful after mouthful of
the horrendous fountain erupting from his cock inside my mouth.

At last he tensed up and released the last spurt of piss in to my throat while
still holding my head but it was not over yet as he began to violently mouth
fuck me. I could only think I was glad he only had a small dick as he was
hitting the back of my throat with it now. He called me a piss-drinking bitch
and did I like the taste, as they would all want to piss in my mouth once he
told them. I hated myself for letting this all happen but I was trapped now and
as I felt the familiar twitch of a cock ready to cum I prepared to swallow his
spunk as well as his piss.

Just as he was about to shoot his load he pulled his cock from my face and
before I could do anything he was shooting cum all over my face.

I closed my eyes but not before looking at the amused expression on his face and
I felt his warm seamen dribble off my face. He held my hair tight at the top of
my head with one hand while the other wiped his spunk from my face then roughly
pushed his cum covered fingers in my mouth.

"Lick them clean you dirty bitch" he spat and despite the incredible humiliation
of how this thirteen year old was treating me I did as I was told. He laughed as
I tried to wipe the remaining sperm from my face and as he pulled his trousers
up he smiled "oh yeah almost forgot Paul want's you naked for the next one".

I looked out at Denise in time to see her come to a shattering orgasm, Paul was
fucking her bum like crazy with the carrot and her hand was buried deep in her
pussy as she screamed and shouted for all the world to hear. The boys looked on
amazed as she shook her body and gasped for air looking like she was totally out
of control of her mind.

The boys took turns to drink from a large bottle of cider while Denise tried to
recover and after about ten minutes she was told it was time to lay on her back
on show them what was between her legs. She almost seemed eager to assume the
position and spread her legs wide apart.

After admitting it was a cunt she had and not a pussy like nice girls she was
made to pull open her lips so that they could all see inside her. While I
watched my friend try to open herself as wide as she could I remembered Carl's
words and without releasing began to take off my clothes. I knew my brother was
out there and prayed he would not be allowed to see me naked but there was
nothing I could do about it now.

Soon I was completely naked; I even removed my shoes and shivered at the cold
before covering myself with my coat. I could see the boys taking it in turns to
push their fingers inside Denise's pussy and they all laughed how wet she was,
it was Paul who told them to put their fingers in her mouth when they had
finished so they did not go home smelling of a whores cunt.

Paul said it was time that they really gave the whore something to cry about now
and made her beg to be caned across her fat bare arse. She was told to stand up
in the middle of the floor while they got a few things ready meanwhile I saw
Kevin and John walking towards me.

I had the coat covering myself when they walked in and as John pulled it from me
they both laughed. "We certainly never expected to see you naked as well" smiled
Kevin and led me out through a door to the yard of the factory. "Please not out
here" I begged only to be told I was I no position to argue and to stand still
and let them have a good look at me.

Outside in the open air I let them feel every inch of my body, they mauled my
boobs and bum and even put their fingers inside me telling me I was nothing but
a dirty bitch like Denise. They laughed when I begged them not to let my brother
see me naked and then I wanted to cry as they said I should worry about letting
him piss in my mouth let alone see my tits.

Next I had to lay on my back on the cold floor and open my legs and arms like a
star. I was told not move a muscle while they both took out their cocks. "NO" I
shouted when I saw what they were going to do; I was going to be pissed on!

Huge smiles spread across their faces as Kevin and then John began to urinate on
me. They moved around me trying to cover as much of my body as possible taking
great delight in getting their hot stream right between my pussy lips. I thought
they were never going to stop and with the last drops they aimed at my face
laughing uncontrollably as they did.

"You're a piss whore" they laughed and Kevin grabbed my hair to lead me to where
all the pee had run in to a puddle close by me. "Roll in it you fucking dirty
bitch" he sneered at me and I let my body roll in to the now cold urine. They
watched me for a few minutes and then John held my head and wiped my hair in the
piss, "now lick it all up" he hissed in my ear. John will be out in a minute and
it better all be gone I was warned and they left me to my filthy task.

There was still a puddle of cold piss when John came outside but I was hungrily
lapping at it like a dog. "Well Emma, who would have believed it" he exclaimed
"I think you are more of a bitch than your friend". I was told that next time he
was going to put a collar and lead on me and take me all around these fields
outside the factory, naked of course. I never even thought about stopping
dipping my tongue in the piss as he watched me. "O K you can finish your drink
later" he laughed and led me even further away from the building. "Please" I
begged "someone might see me", and with that he laughed that he hoped so. I
suddenly heard a noise and realised it was a train and we were only a few yards
from the track. Paul looked at his watch and laughed that it was a few minutes
early and then told me it was full of football fans coming to the game.

Quickly he made me get on the floor on my back and grab my legs with my arms and
pull them up to my chest. He reached down and moved my legs apart to leave me
lewdly displayed, he just had time to spread my pussy lips with his fingers so I
was thoroughly on show.

I saw the train come in to view and noticed it was slowing down and Paul laughed
that they would get a good look at me now. I was literally a few feet away from
the track as the first carriage went past. All the faces seemed a blur but I saw
some open windows and began to hear shouts of amazement. I had to close my eyes
as I heard all sorts of comments ring out and then I froze with fear as I heard
the sound of Paul undoing his zip. I opened my eyes to see the train almost at a
standstill and Paul waiving his cock at me, "open your mouth whore" he laughed.

His piss was right on target and I swallowed as soon as it hit my mouth, he then
trailed it down over my boobs on to pussy and the hot stream even moved my pussy
lips further apart. He told me to arch my back even more and I felt his urine
hitting me right on my bum hole.

"Fucking hell", "look at that", "he's pissing on her" all erupted from the train
amid hordes of laughter. Paul waved to the amused onlookers as he put his cock
away and reached with his foot to rub my pussy hard with his shoe. The train
moved out of sight as he laughed at me thrusting myself up to meet his foot, "oh
aren't we a randy girl Emma" he smiled

as I squealed in delight with the best orgasm of my life.     







 









Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Emma No knickers


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





