BDSM Library - Looks Can Be Deceiving




Looks Can Be Deceiving
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young man meets a woman who at first doesn't look like much, but later introduces him to femail domination, multiple partners & wild sex!
Looks Can Be Deceiving

By Ed Cetera




Looks Can Be Deceiving

By Ed Cetera





I'd like to share something that happened to me a while ago.

I'd just turned 21, back in my college days. I spent the summer tending bar in a
resort area near my hometown.  One day, I had to drive up to the University to
take care of some personal business, and finished up rather late in the
afternoon.  I was in a hurry to make it home in time to get ready for a date.  I
was about twenty minutes away from home when I noticed a black Pathfinder broken
down on the side of the road.  I slowed down and saw that the driver was a
woman, who waved me down.  When she came up to my car, she explained that her
car had quit on her, and had been stranded for the past half-hour because no one
would stop.

I don't know that much about engines, and told her so, but gamely offered to
drop her off at a telephone to call for a truck.  She smiled and asked if I
wouldn't mind just dropping her off at her house.  My face fell a little as the
chances of being on time for my date got a little more remote, but I said sure,
and asked her where she lived.  I guess the shock on my face when she named my
own town was pretty obvious, because she burst out laughing.  Her laughter was
quite attractive, and totally out of context with her appearance.

Let me explain: She appeared to be in her early thirties, was rather tall,
dressed in baggy, gray sweats, and her dark hair was piled up under a baseball
cap.  She was wearing some out of style Buddy Holly glasses, and no make-up, and
was not someone you might expect to turn any heads on a beach.

For the record, I'm nothing special myself.  I'm 6' tall, and while I'm not
particularly muscular, I do keep myself in shape.  I've got light brown hair,
and dark brown eyes, and I've been told by girlfriends that my best features are
my "clean-cut" appearance, my "cute" ass, and my "bedroom" eyes.

She grinned and explained that she'd just moved to the area, and had the tools
at her house to fix the problem in her engine, but didn't know anyone she could
call for a ride.  If I dropped her off at home, she could get the tools and ride
her bicycle back to fix the Pathfinder.  I told her to hop in, and started
getting better acquainted with her.

She told me that her name was Jordan, and was getting her house ready for her
roommate, who was finishing up affairs back east.  Listening to her speak, I
realized that she was obviously well educated, and was clearly financially
successful.  She asked about me, and as I told her about myself, I was
pleasantly surprised to find myself opening up to her.  I mentioned that I
worked at a rather popular bar, and on impulse, I invited her to stop by
sometime.

She thanked me for the offer, and promised me she'd consider it.

Then I turned into her driveway, and saw her house.  It was a large, older
house, and had obviously been recently remodeled.  The paint was fresh, the lawn
still had lines from where the sod had been laid, and the garage was not quite
completed.  I complemented her on it, and she offered to show me around. I had
to decline, but for some reason, I felt uncomfortable at the idea of explaining
that I was running late for a date.  The awkward silence hung in the air for a
moment, and then she smiled again, and thanked me for the ride.

I sped down her driveway and rushed home, jumped into the shower, and pulled up
in front of my date's apartment right on time.

I needn't have rushed.

Kristy still wasn't ready, and I found myself entertained by a trio of kids,
with Kool-Aid stains around their mouths, chasing each other with squirt guns. 
Kristy came out and told them to play outside, and apologized for the wet spots
on my shirt and slacks.  She said we could leave as soon as her sister, Tammy,
showed up to watch the kids, then launched into a monologue about her
ex-husband's faults.

When Tammy arrived, she conferred with her in the kitchen for a few minutes,
then came out and introduced us.  Tammy boldly appraised me, and told me that if
Kristy couldn't satisfy me, to look her up.  Kristy glared at her, and the two
of them started bitching at one another until I cleared my throat and reminded
Kristy that we were running late.

The monologue resumed in the car, and by the time the maitre'd seated us, I felt
a certain kinship with her ex-husband.  Kristy paused in her harangue long
enough to wolf down a meal even larger than mine, polish off a full bottle of
wine, and devour some creation on their desert menu that looked like it
contained as many calories as I'd consumed all day!

I was daydreaming about my earlier conversation with Jordan when I suddenly
realized that Kristy was asking where we were going after dinner.  I quickly
came up with an excuse about being tired from all the driving I'd done that day,
and told her that as much as I'd like to go dancing, we'd just have to do it
some other time, when I wasn't so tired.

She was sullenly quiet throughout the ride back to her apartment, but when I
pulled into a parking space, she slid over to me and, resting her hand on my
belt buckle, asked if I wouldn't like to come up and watch some television with
her.  I covered a yawn and promised that I'd love to, if I weren't so tired. 
She looked a little disappointed, and stuck out her bottom lip in a pout.  She
asked if I would reconsider, as she slid her skirt a few inches up her leg.

I must admit, Kristy had a very attractive figure, but pausing for a second to
remember the rest of the evening, I sadly shook my head no.

Her pout disappeared in a flash as she snatched her purse, got out and slammed
her door, then stalked into her apartment building.  I watched her storm up the
sidewalk to her door, and promised myself that I would exact my vengeance on the
"friend" who had arranged this little date.



I was at work, a few nights later, when I noticed a gorgeous woman come in the
front door.  She was breathtaking.  She had long, dark hair, which wildly framed
a ravishing face, and beautiful blue eyes.  The neckline of her black silk
blouse plunged enticingly low, revealing the firm, tanned slopes of her breasts. 
Her matching silk skirt was exceptionally short, and exposed her long legs in
all their firm, tanned glory.  As she approached the bar, I realized that she
had to be at least 6'0".

I welcomed her to the bar, and asked her what she'd like to drink, and she
surprised me by laughing.  Finally, I recognized her.  It was Jordan!

I wasn't able to hide my shock, and received another musical laugh from this
beautiful woman. 

She sat down and explained that the day I'd met her, she'd been on her way back
from a friend's house.  She'd fallen into his swimming pool, and had borrowed
the sweats from her friend instead of making the two-hour drive home in her
soaking clothes.  Also trashed that day were her contact lenses, lost in the
pool.  She said she knew how unflattering her glasses were, but she'd left them
in the car for use in emergencies, and hadn't brought any others with her.

I was speechless while she explained all this to me.  I couldn't believe this
was the same woman!  She was still large, but it was obviously not the product
of inactivity, but from long hours spent exercising.  She appeared to be about
150 pounds, all of which seemed to be well-toned muscle.  She stayed for the
rest of the night, and I was completely captivated by her.

When it was finally time to close up, I asked Walt, the other bartender, to
cover for me.  Walt had been staring at Jordan ever since she'd arrived, and
except for being a little jealous of my luck, wished me the best.  I slid him an
extra $20 for the favor, and offered Jordan a ride home.  Jordan declined, but
before the disappointment could register on my face, she offered ME a ride in
HER car. 

As we walked, arm in arm, through the rapidly emptying lot to where her
Pathfinder was parked, Jordan whispered in my ear that she hoped I wasn't too
tired to enjoy a little fun.  She opened my door for me, and then walked around
to her side.  It felt a little bit odd to be on the passive side of a date for a
change.

She drove me to her house and gave me a tour of the place by moonlight.  Even by
moonlight, it was easy to see that the house was quite secluded by the trees
surrounding the property.

"You sure won't need to worry about privacy if you want to sunbathe nude," I
joked.

"Maybe I like people to watch me when I'm nude," she answered, then darted back
to the house, leaving me standing speechless in the backyard.

I slowly walked back to the house, considering the implications.  She'd left the
door on the rear deck open for me, and as I walked into the living room, she was
nowhere to be seen.

"I'd like a Sea Breeze, if you don't mind," she called out from down the hall. 
"You may have a drink too.  I don't think you'll be driving anywhere tonight."

I checked out her bar (fully stocked, of course), and quickly located the
cranberry juice in a half-size refrigerator disguised as another cabinet.  I
poured the vodka into a rock-glass for her, and a double-shot into another for
me.  I was looking for the lime to complete my gimlet when I heard her come back
into the room.  She'd changed out of her clothes, and was wearing a loose, silk
pajama-style outfit.  The coppery color of the silk caught the light from the
lamps around the room, and seemed to shimmer like water against her bronzed
skin.

"Is that mine?" She sipped the drink as she sat down on a barstool.  "Mmmm.
Delicious.  What are you drinking?"

"A vodka gimlet, but I can't seem to find any lime."

"Oh, I'll need to pick some up then.  What with the move, I'm constantly
noticing things I've forgotten to buy."  She sipped at her drink again.  She
seemed to want to say something, and was perhaps considering her choice of
words.  "Bret, are you an adventurous sort of person?"

I paused before I answered, then shrugged.  "I suppose it would depend on the
adventure."

She set down her drink and asked me bluntly, "Are you will to be sexually
dominated by a woman?"

My mouth gaped open, and without thinking, I raised my glass and downed the
contents.  The Absolut burned down my throat, and all I could utter for the next
minute or so were inarticulate choking sounds.

She waited patiently, until I'd mastered control of my voice again, and asked
her to repeat her question.

"Oh, I think you heard me clearly the first time.  I want you to consider this
carefully.  I find you quite attractive, and I believe you feel similarly.  But
the only way I could be with you is if I was in control.  You would have to do,
and behave, as I tell you, or what you're obviously hoping to happen, never
will."  Her voice was soft, seductive.  "If you answer yes, then we will have
ourselves a wonderful time tonight.  If you answer no, I will drive you home, or
to your car, and you'll never get this chance again."

I hesitated, then I asked her, "What would you like me to do, first?"

She smiled.  "First, I want you to take off your clothes.  All of them.  And
from this moment on, you will address me as "Ma'am".  Is that understood?"

"Yes, Ma'am."  I undressed, folding my clothes and laying them on the counter. 
Within two minutes, I was standing before her, wearing nothing but a blush.

"Come around here."

I walked out from behind the bar, and immediately missed even the small feeling
of safety that it had afforded me.  I walked slowly across the deep carpet,
until I stood in front of her.  "Yes, Ma'am?"

"Kneel down.  Lower your forehead to the floor, and cross your wrists behind
your back."  When I'd complied, she softly asked me a simple question.  "Do you
trust me, Bret?"

"Yes, Ma'am," I whispered.  She gently fastened about either wrist what felt
like a wide leather cuff.  I had a moment to wonder where she'd gotten them. 
When they were both secured, I heard a click, and the cuffs were fastened
together.  She then placed a leather collar snugly around my neck, and locked it
with a small padlock.

"Sit up, and watch me now."

I obeyed her, and watched as she stepped away from me, unbuttoning her top.  She
allowed it to fall to the floor, and stood before me in a push-up bra made from
soft black leather.  The brassiere supported her breasts, but left her nipples
fully exposed.  She stared into my eyes as I looked up at her from my position
on the floor.  Then she untied her bottoms, and slid them down past her hips to
the floor, stepping out of them.  She was wearing a matching leather panty,
which was cut high on her hips to emphasize her long legs.  A tiny golden rose
showed where the side strip fastened to the narrow patch in front.  As she spun
in place slowly, I saw that the back of the panty was a narrow thong that left
her tight ass exposed.  I also saw that there were no tan lines on her perfect
body.

She finished her spin, and raised her arms over her head, clearly reveling in
the effect her body was having on me.  She flexed her biceps, and well-toned
muscles leapt into view.  Then she padded over to the stereo, and while soft,
relaxing music filled the room, she went through a posing routine that any
body-builder would have been proud of.  When she finished, she walked back over
to her pajamas, and pulled a long leather leash out of the pocket of her
bottoms.  She fastened it to the collar around my neck and said, "Come with me."

I followed her down to the basement, which was paneled and carpeted, and paused
beside a leather ottoman when she dropped my leash.  She told me to kneel over
the ottoman, and went to a cabinet that she opened to reveal a small but
impressive selection of "toys".  She selected a wooden sorority paddle, and
padded gracefully back over to me.

"Bret, I'm going to spank you now.  I'm going to do this because the thought of
spanking that firm, young ass of yours has occupied my thoughts for the past few
days.  I want you to count each blow out loud, and if you feel that you can't
take any more, I want you to say the word, "Tangerine".  If you say that word,
I'll stop, and this will be over.  Do you understand?"

"Yes, Ma'am.  You're going to spank me, because you'll take pleasure from it.  I
want to give you pleasure.  Please, spank my ass."

She smiled, and stepping behind me, proceeded to smack my ass with that wooden
paddle.  I counted each blow, and she finally stopped at fifty.  My ass felt
like it was on fire, and tears were starting to leak from my eyes, but I had
obeyed her.

"Impressive.  You can take a spanking.  You have potential.  Now let's see if
your ass can take getting fucked."

She returned to the cabinet, and came back with a strap-on dildo.  The
artificial cock was quite life-like, and about eight inches long, an inch longer
than my own rock-hard cock, and even thicker.

She pulled the front of her panties aside, and rubbed the plastic cock against
her pussy lips.  Her lips were fully visible, because she had removed all of her
pubic hair.  It was beautiful.  I could see how turned on she was by all the
juice flowing out of her pussy.  She stopped after a moment, and buckled the
huge cock around her waist.  The harness was quite impressive, and when she'd
finished securing it, it looked like another pair of leather panties with an
eight-inch, glistening cock jutting out from the front.  She squeezed a small
amount of lubricant from a tube into my upturned asshole, and spread it around
with the dildo.

"I'm going to fuck you now."  She suddenly grabbed my hips firmly, and with the
head of the dildo positioned at my poor, virgin asshole, thrust it forward into
my ass.  I initially resisted, unused to the sensation, but Jordan would have
easily been my equal had the situation been more balanced.  With my wrists
buckled together behind my back, bent over an ottoman, there was no contest at
all.  She pushed the fake cock into my ass until I'd taken it all, then leaned
forward, her hard nipples poking into my back.  She moaned into my ear, kissing
and licking all around it.

"Do you like it, baby?  Do you like Miss Jordan's hard cock up your tight little
virgin ass?  Do you want to get fucked hard by Miss Jordan?"

"Yes, Ma'am.  It feels so strange, but it feels great.  I can't believe how full
my ass feels."

"Do you want me to fuck you hard with it?"

"Oh, yes, Ma'am.  Fuck me with your big cock."

She reached between us, and I suddenly realized that the dildo was actually a
vibrator.  As it buzzed away in my ass, Jordan was clearly enjoying the
sensations, both from fucking me, and from the vibrator rubbing her clit.  She
pounded my asshole savagely, grunting and making all the sounds that I'd made so
many times as I'd fucked some sweet young girl.

"Are you my boy?"

"Oh, yes, Ma'am."

"Are you my little bitch?"

"Yes, Ma'am.  I'm your bitch, and I'm your fuck-toy.  Fuck me, Ma'am.  Fuck my
ass.  Fuck my ass.  Oh, God I love your hard cock in my ass, Ma'am.  Cum for me,
Ma'am, please.  I want to make you cum, Ma'am."

I couldn't believe the words coming out of my mouth.  I'd never have guessed, in
a million years, that I could enjoy having a woman ass-fuck me.  Jordan was
definitely into it, though.  I could hear her breath catch as she slumped over
me, trembling and spasming as her orgasm rocked through her.  She lay atop me,
exhausted, for a couple of minutes before she could even reach down and click
off the dildo, still buzzing away in my well-fucked ass.

Jordan finally regained enough strength to push herself off me, the sweat from
our bodies causing us to stick together.  She slowly withdrew the vibrator from
ass, leaving me panting over the ottoman.  I was surprised at how much I missed
the presence of the vibrator in my ass.  My own hard cock mimicking her fake
strap-on as she unbuckled it and tossed it into a corner.  She skimmed her
panties off, and tossed them after the strap-on.  She regained some more of her
poise, and walked around in front of me, squatting before me, her hairless pussy
seeming to wink at me, conspiratorially.

"That WAS your first time, wasn't it?"

"Yes, Ma'am."

"You took right to it, though.  That's a good thing.  I like fucking my lovers
in the ass even more than I enjoy getting fucked in my own asshole."  I lifted
my head to search her eyes for the truth.  "Oh, yes, Bret.  I want to feel your
young cock in my own ass, but I disdain lubricants.  Soon, you will too."

She rolled over in front of me, resting her shoulders on the carpet, and backed
her ass up to my face.  I eagerly licked the length of her tasty cunt, and at
her command, plunged my tongue into her asshole.  She'd shaved everything, and
she must have cleaned herself when she'd disappeared earlier, because there was
no bad taste at all in her ass.  I licked and slurped and sucked until she cried
out in another orgasm, her whole body trembling, and quivering.  She sort of
half-fell forward, and basked in the afterglow of the orgasm.  I'd never seen a
person react so strongly when they'd cum.

After a couple minutes passed again, she rolled over and propped herself against
some cushions.

"Bret, I want you to go over to that cabinet, and bring me some more restraints. 
Two of the smaller ones, and four of the larger ones."  I glanced pointedly over
my shoulder at my restrained wrists, and she explained patiently.  "Well, then,
if you can't use your hands, you'll have to use your mouth, like a good little
puppy."

It was awkward, and time-consuming, but I eventually had all the items she'd
requested.  I watched in puzzlement as she buckled two ankle restraints on me,
then placed the remaining ones on herself, using her mouth and teeth at the end,
to get the wrist restraints on.  Then she pulled my face forward into her pussy
again, and ordered me to pleasure her again.  While I nuzzled her sex, she freed
my wrists, then told me to stop.

She had me sit before her, and facing away from me, she lowered her tight,
steaming cunt onto my cock.  I was so hard, I'd thought I'd lost feeling there,
but she proved me wrong.  She moaned in delight, echoing my own groan, then
surprised me by leaning forward, and fastening her left ankle restraint to mine. 
The right ankle followed.  Then she pulled my arms across her front and fastened
her wrist restraints to mine. 

"Now, you're truly my prisoner," she sighed.  She leaned back, until I was
completely prone, then she ordered me to remain inside her while she rolled to
the side.  We remained connected at our wrists, ankles, and at the groin.  When
she was on her belly, she told me to start fucking her hot cunt, hard.  Every
time I wanted to move my hand, or my leg, I realized that Jordan was in the
ultimate position of control.  When she pulled her knees in, and raised her ass,
I had no choice in the matter.  When she lay flat and spread-eagled, I was
forced to follow her.  I relaxed and got into being her sexual toy.  I
understood that I was nothing more than a living, breathing dildo, existing for
her pleasure.

"I want you to cum in me now, baby!" She was writhing under me, and with her
permission to cum, I exploded.  It felt like I was shooting a gallon of semen
inside her.  She came with me, crying out, and wrapping our arms about her
waist.

Once again, I waited until she recovered from her orgasm.  She told me to stay
inside her, and as my cock finally started to go soft, I could feel her pussy
milking and massaging it back to life.  It was unbelievable!  When I was
completely hard again, she whispered the command I'd been waiting for.

"Shove that prick in my ass!"

I withdrew my cock from the velvety sheath of her sopping cunt, and with the
help of her/our hand, guided it back to her asshole.  She thrust her ass back
toward me, and I gasped as it slowly slid into her. The only lubrication was our
own cum and secretions.

"Oh, yeah, fuck me with that cock.  That's it.  You little boy.  You little
bitch.  Fuck my ass!  Fuck My Ass!"  Her voice grew louder and more insistent,
urging me to greater speed, harder, faster, until she started to spasm with her
own orgasm again.  That did it for me.  I burst loose with my own load of cum,
filling her bowels with my jism.  We both were gasping from the intensity of the
orgasm, trying to get our breath.

When we had recovered, somewhat, she got us on our feet, still linked together,
and got us walking back up to the bar.  If anyone had been watching from her
backyard, they would have been rewarded with a truly unique sight of the two of
us, covered in sweat, our mixed cum dribbling down our thighs, still shackled
together at the wrists and ankles, as we shuffled across the living room and
poured ourselves a fresh drink.  I was at her mercy as she raised the glass,
first to my lips, then to her own.

When we'd recovered a bit more, she finally released our wrists and ankles.  She
left my collar on, and used the leash, draped over her shoulder, to lead me to
the shower.  She grinned as I cleaned myself up, and then had me wash her as
well.

We finally crawled into bed, as the sun started to lighten the sky to the east. 



The next morning, or rather, later that same morning, after a few hours of
sleep, I woke to feel Jordan's silky hair tickling my abdomen, while her
talented mouth bobbed up and down on my erect cock.  When she felt me stir, she
spared a glance up at me and somehow grinned, with my cock still down her
throat.  She then devoted her full attention to my cock, and within minutes, was
swallowing a load of cum.

She slid her body up mine, and kissed me. 

I'd received my share of blowjobs before, and had never kissed the girl
afterwards before she'd at least rinsed her mouth out.  I realize in retrospect
that this was unfair, but at the time, I didn't even consider protesting.  Then
I realized that Jordan hadn't swallowed all the cum.  She thrust her tongue into
my mouth, transferring some of my own cum in the process.

I swirled my tongue into her mouth and returned it to her.  We passed it back
and forth a few times before she pulled away and swallowed it down with the
rest. 

"Bret, have you ever tasted your cum before?"

"No, Ma'am."

"You don't know what you've been missing.  I love the taste of cum, and yours is
fantastic.  Have you ever been with another man?"

"NO! Uh, I mean, no, Ma'am."

"Hmmm.  I can respect that.  I have nothing against homosexuality, but quite
frankly, the idea of two men having sex with each other does absolutely nothing
for me.  Have you ever been with more than one person at a time?"

"No, Ma'am.  Once, I petted with two sorority sisters, but they didn't let it go
any farther than that.  I think it was part of their initiation."

"So you wouldn't mind being with two women at once?"

Hmmm?  What's this?  "No, Ma'am.  I think I'd like that a lot."

Jordan smiled at me, and kissed me again, tenderly.  She then got up and had me
follow her into the shower again.  Once I'd cleaned up, and washed her as well,
I began drying off.  Jordan slipped me a small object.  When I opened my hand, I
saw that it was a tiny, stretchy pair of panties.  She told me to put them on. 
I struggled to obey her.  But they were so tight, I almost couldn't get them on. 
I didn't know where she got them from, because they were so small, they would
have been just as uncomfortable on her.  She told me that I was to wear them all
day, and to have them on when I came home that night.  She told me that I could
borrow her Cannondale, in the garage, to get back to my car.  She handed me a
key to the house, and told me to be there when I got off work that night. 



I rushed through clean-up that night.

When I finally pulled up in her driveway, I saw a dark green Pathfinder parked
next to Jordan's black one.  Wondering whom it belonged to, I walked up to the
door, and nearly rang the bell before I remembered that Jordan had given me a
key.  I let myself in, and found a note for me taped to the mirror in the foyer. 
It instructed me to remove all my clothes, except for my panties, to put on my
collar, and to go into the living room.  I obeyed the instructions, and then I
followed the sound of music to the living room.

When I arrived, I was shocked to see Jordan seated at the bar with another
woman.  The reason I was shocked is that except for brassieres, both Jordan and
her companion were nude.  Jordan wore a black satin bra, while her friend's was
red.

"Come here, Bret.  I want you to meet Terri."  Jordan beckoned me to her with a
finger, which she hooked through my collar possessively when I arrived at her
side.

"This is the roommate I mentioned to you.  She's finished up at the old house,
and now she's here to stay."

Terri was just as beautiful as Jordan.  She was about the same age, or maybe a
year or two younger.  She had glossy, black hair, hanging straight to just below
her shoulders, while Jordan's dark mane was tousled, and hung halfway down her
back.  Also, while Jordan had flashing blue eyes, Terri's eyes were dark, and
slightly almond shaped.  Terri was about an inch shorter than Jordan, at about
5'9", and much more slender.  Also, while Jordan was deeply bronzed all over her
body, Terri's suntan was a lighter, more golden tone.  Her pussy, I noted, was
also shaven completely smooth.  And again, there were no tan lines.

Jordan noticed my glance at her friend's pussy, and laughed.  "Oh, we don't like
pubes at all.  I wanted Terri to be here when you had yours shaved off."  I was
pleased by my lack of reaction when mentioned that.  She was also pleased. 
"Good!  You're getting the idea now.  Whatever I say... Or now that Terri's
here, whatever WE say, you'll obey.  And you'll never argue, because you'll
never win.  Does that bother you?"

"No, Ma'am.  I'm happy to please you, and I have no desire to displease you."

"Good.  Now that that's settled, say hello to Miss Terri."

"Hello, Miss Terri.  I'm honored to make your acquaintance."

"My, he's an eloquent stud, isn't he?"  Terri's voice had a delicate southern
accent to it.  "Since there are the two of us here, now, we'll expect you to
address us as Miss Terri, or Miss Jordan, when it's necessary to address us at
all.  Otherwise, you'll call us both, "Ma'am".  Understand, Bret?"

"Yes, Ma'am."

"Good. Now, be a nice boy, and eat my pussy."

Without hesitation, I knelt before Terri and plunged my tongue inside her slit. 
She quickly began to juice up, and swung one leg over my shoulder to keep her
balance.  As I devoured her sweet tasting pussy, she grabbed my collar with both
hands and pulled me in deeper.  She shuddered her way through one orgasm, but
didn't release her hold on me, so I kept up my tongue action until she came
again, and again.  Finally after her fourth orgasm in perhaps ten minutes, she
released me.  Unlike Jordan, Terri climaxed quickly and recovered much faster. 

"My, my, MY... Such a TALENTED young man!  Jordan, my love, you've found us a
STALLION!"

"Yes, love.  He should be a fine addition to the family."  Jordan pulled me up
by my collar, and wrapped her soft hand around my erect cock.  Giving me a few
slow pulls, she smiled at Terri and winked.  "And he fucks like a TIGER!"

Terri studied my cock and tsked at the thick dark patch of pubic hair.  "His
cock looks all right to me, but you can barely see it through all that nasty
hair.  I think we'll have Jacqueline shave him immediately."

"Jacqui, dear, come out here now."  Jordan looked over into the corner of the
room.  I followed her gaze, and observed for the first time that a nude girl of
perhaps 18 or 19 was kneeling there, her hands in her lap, and her eyes on the
floor.  She had been so quiet throughout all of this that I'd never suspected
her presence.  She had very blonde hair, and a dark, dark tan.  Her rather large
breasts were each pierced through her pink nipples with small gold hoops, and a
small gold post winked from her hairless pussy lips.  When she gracefully rose
to her feet and approached us, I saw that she was quite tiny, perhaps 5'2" or
5'3", and couldn't have weighed even one hundred pounds.  Around each wrist and
each ankle was a thick, and sturdy-looking gold bracelet, or anklet.  She also
wore a black leather collar, with a small gold padlock.  She smiled shyly at me,
and came to stand nest to Jordan.

"Yes, Ma'am?"

"Say hello to Bret, dear."  Jordan pushed her forward, her hand in the small of
the diminutive girl's back.  "Pay attention, Bret, because this is how we greet
people in our family."

Jacqueline stepped up close to me, her small breasts looked huge in proportion
to the rest of her, and their nipple rings felt cool against my skin when she
pressed them against my belly.  Her hands came up to pull my hips forward, and
her smooth mons rubbed against my thigh.  She raised her lips for a kiss, and
for the first time, I got a good look at her brilliant green eyes.  When our
lips met, she thrust her tongue into my mouth hungrily, then drew back and said,
"Welcome to our house."  She dropped her gaze again, and then raised one dark,
tiny hand to my cock, which was more erect than ever.  The wrapped her hand
cautiously around the thick shaft, and her lips made a small "O" when she saw
that she couldn't close her fingers around it.  She dropped her hand and shyly
stepped back to stand at Jordan's side.

"Jacqui was helping Terri complete our affairs at the Maryland house," Jordan
informed me.  "I was quite lonesome without my beautiful little Barbie Doll."

My mind spun.  Here I was, thinking all day about how lucky I'd been to find
Jordan, (and about how sore my ass was, to be honest!) and considering her words
about having sex with TWO women.  Now I was naked, standing in front of three
gorgeous naked women, one of whom had blown my mind the night before, another
whom I'd just eaten to four orgasms, and a third whom I couldn't begin to figure
out!

"Jacqueline, sweetheart, take Bret into the bathroom, and shave off all this
disgusting hair."  Terri waved Jacqui and me away, and continued her interrupted
conversation with Jordan.  Jordan nodded her head at me, and then devoted her
attention to Terri.

Jacqui took my hand and led me from the room.  I was entranced by her perfect
bottom as it bounced down the hallway in front of me.  She led me into a large
bathroom in a wing of the house I'd not seen before, and asked me to sit in the
tub.  I complied, and then inquired about the arrangement.

"I began as Miss Terri's and Miss Jordan's maid, and they seduced me.  It was so
unbelievable!  They asked me to become their Servant..." I noticed the capitol
on the word, "...and now I'm part of their family.  Miss Jordan wants you to
become one of our family, now."

As she was explaining all this to me, she was rinsing me with warm water, and
lathering my chest and my cock.  She began to carefully but swiftly shave off
the offending hair.  When she finished with my chest, I caught a glimpse of
myself in a mirror.  I had to admit, without the hair in the way, that my chest
did look more defined.  Jacqui kept up her conversation in her soft, gentle
voice, and somehow it didn't seem at all unnatural to be sitting nude in a tub
while a breathtakingly beautiful girl shaved my body.  When she started on my
cock, she playfully stroked it a few times, eliciting a gasp from me.  She
apologized and said that my cum wasn't for her to waste, and that she didn't
wish to upset Miss Jordan or Miss Terri.  She didn't seem to mind if I touched
her nude cunt while she was shaving me, however. 

When she finished with my cock, and rinsed it clean, it seemed even longer and
thicker than before.  While I fondled her slippery cunt, she continued to shave
me, working on my ass, and my legs.  Suddenly, she paused, and holding the side
of the tub, bit her lip and gasped as an orgasm swept through her.  She kissed
me when she'd finished cuming, and thanked me for the pleasure of my finger. 
Once she was done, she rinsed both of us clean, and then rubbed some spicy
smelling oils into my skin.  She explained that until I got used to keeping my
body shaved, the oils would reduce the itching sensation.  I didn't mind at all,
particularly when she paid special attention to my asshole. 

When we returned to the living room, Jordan and Terri had changed into attire
more intimidating than the satin bras they'd worn earlier.  Jordan was wearing a
black leather bustierre, which pushed her already large breasts up into
monuments deserving of worship.  She wasn't wearing any panties, but she'd put
on some tall, black leather boots, which zipped up her legs to well above her
knees.  Black silk stockings peeked over the top of the boots.  Terri was
wearing a black leather brassiere with holes cut out to expose her pale, coppery
nipples.  Her smaller breasts were mouth-wateringly firm.  She was wearing black
silk stockings with high-heeled shoes.  The 3" heels clicked on the tile before
the fireplace as she walked towards us.  I think she'd deliberately stood in
front of the fireplace until we returned just to make that sound, since the rest
of the room was carpeted.

"Dear boy, is that your cock standing up so proud?  It looks a damned sight
happier now that it isn't hiding behind all that nasty hair.  Come here and let
Miss Terri touch you."  When I went to her, she drew her nails down the length
of my erection, slowly.  "Yes, that's fine.  But dear boy, you'd be wise to
learn from Jacqueline, and keep your pretty brown eyes on the floor, unless we
tell you otherwise."

"Yes, Ma'am," I said, immediately lowering my eyes to her feet.

"Much better.  Jordan, my love?"

"Yes, darling?"

"How long has it been since I had a real cock in my pussy?  It seems like
forever!"

"It has been a while, honey."

"Come with me, baby, and Miss Terri is going to see how well you can use that
tiger of a cock."  She held my cock like a handle, and started toward the
basement.  It never occurred to her that I wouldn't follow her, and it never
occurred to me either.

When we reached the playroom, she pushed me back on the floor, and tossed me
ankle and wrist restraints.  She watched as I clumsily put them on, and then,
using lengths of chain, secured me to eyebolts fastened to the walls.  When she
finished, I was spread-eagle on the floor, my cock pointed at the ceiling.

"Now that's a pretty sight!"  She sat on my face and ground her fragrant pussy
against my mouth.  As I thrust my tongue into her cunt and lapped at her
asshole, she twisted my nipples and grabbed my testicles in her tight
fingernailed grip.  Suddenly Jordan was there, with an egg-shaped device
trailing a cord in her hands.  She stuck the tube of lubricant into my ass, and
squeezed a small amount into my rectum, then pushed the egg steadily forward
until it popped in.  Then Jordan pulled Terri's face forward into a passionate
kiss, and guided her lover's hips over mine.  Jordan stroked Terri's clit
rapidly, working her towards release, and then I felt yet another pair of hands
at work.

	Jacqui held my cock upright, and began to slide the tip back and forth against
Terri's cunt.  I bit my lip and moaned in pleasure.  Terri suddenly gasped as
her orgasm hit, and Jordan simultaneously shoved her down onto my cock, which
Jacqui held in position.  Terri came violently and held onto Jordan as wave
after wave of pleasure rocked through her.  Once the tremors slowed, Jacqui
slipped around behind Terri and sat on my legs behind her.  She kissed and
licked Terri's neck and ears, humping against her delicious ass, while her tiny
hands stroked feather-light against Terri's breasts and down to her clit.

Jordan, meanwhile, was strapping on the dildo she'd used on me the night before. 
As Jacqui began to guide Terri into a rhythmic grinding motion with my cock
still up inside her, Jordan approached Jacqui from behind.  Terri fell forward,
supporting her weight on her hands to either side of my head.  Jacqui continued
to tug at her nipples, and stroke her clit, then suddenly gasped as Jordan
entered her from behind.  The three of them fell into a new rhythm, shifting
back and forth, massaging and grinding against each other and my cock.  They
paced themselves to reach orgasm together, and Jordan, not forgetting me,
suddenly turned on a control switch for the egg in my ass.  It came to life,
buzzing and vibrating, and making me lose what little control I had left.  I
arched my back, and groaned as my orgasm ripped out of my cock.  This set off
Terri, who fell forward completely on top of me, thrusting her breast into my
mouth.  I instinctively started sucking on it, and she spasmed wildly through
her own orgasm.  I then heard Jacqui gasp and thrust herself back against
Jordan's dildo as she experienced her own orgasm.  Jordan came last, and
gripping Jacqui's hips tightly, she threw her head back and groaned with
satisfaction. 

"Miss Jordan, would you please fuck my ass, now?"

I was shocked. I didn't think it possible for that huge thing to fit into
Jacqui's small asshole.  It looked like it would rip her apart, but Jordan
merely grinned and after she'd recovered somewhat, she effortlessly hoisted
Jacqui up in her arms.  Positioning her over the same ottoman that she'd used to
sodomize me the night before, she carefully lined the plastic cock up with
Jacqui's tiny little puckered rosebud.  Jacqui sighed, and actually pushed back
as the thick head of the dildo penetrated her.  Her head fell forward and she
smiled as inch after inch of the dildo entered her.  Finally she had it all
inside her. 

As I was about to ask her if she was all right, she groaned, "Turn it on, Miss
Jordan, please?"

Jordan obliged, and started a gentle in and out motion in Jacqui's firm, tanned
ass.  She rested one hand on Jacqui's back, and plunged the other back behind
her, fingering her own asshole.  Suddenly, Jacqui gasped and trembled slightly. 
Then relaxed even further in the warm afterglow of her orgasm.

Jordan carefully withdrew and then swooped toward me where I still lay beneath
Terri's comfortable weight. 

"I've got to have his sweet ass again, darling."  Terri obligingly moved off me,
and unsnapped the ankle restraints from the chains that had held me.  She then
maneuvered herself on top of my face again, and told me to clean her sopping
pussy, while Jordan lifted my legs up and pulled the vibrating egg out of my
ass.  She aligned the slippery dildo against my asshole, and shoved it in.  She
sawed in and out of my ass, tilting my hips up to more easily accommodate the
abuse I was taking.  Either Terri or Jordan grabbed my ankles, and pulled them
back over my shoulders.  I was lost in sensations at that point.  My mouth was
full of Terri's and my own cum, and I was slurping it all down eagerly.  Jordan
was fucking the shit out of my ass, and I was loving it.  Finally, Jordan cried
out in orgasm, and slid out of me.

Terri climbed off me, and tenderly unstrapped the harness from Jordan's waist,
then lovingly slid into a 69 position.  The two of them made love to each other,
while Jacqui and I watched.

When they'd finally had enough of one another to take a break, the surveyed
their "children", and smiled indulgently.

"Well, now.  This is a beautiful picture.  I can't remember the last time we had
this much enjoyment on such short notice," Terri cooed.  She and Jordan stood up
and with their arms about their waists, announced that they were retiring for
the evening. 

"Jacqueline, dear, straighten this room, and then you and Bret may enjoy each
other's company for the remainder of the evening."

She led her lover out of the room and up the stairs, while Jacqui unfastened the
chains that still restrained my arms over my head.  She was about to help me
remove the restraints but I stopped her, and asked her to put some on as well. 
She smiled knowingly: She'd played that game before.

My stiff cock needed attention, but before I could even ask, Jacqui was on her
knees before me, sucking my cock down to its base.  Her tiny nose tickled my
newly shaved belly.  She took me like that about a dozen or so times, pulling
back until my cock-head was almost out of her mouth, then plunging forward to
engulf the full length of my erection.

Finally, she pulled away from me and tugged me down to the floor beside her. 
She rolled over on top of me, and sank her juicy pussy onto my cock.  I couldn't
believe how tight she was.  I couldn't believe that she could be so tight after
the pounding she'd received from Jordan's strap on.  Her muscular control was
unbelievable!

We fucked for only a few minutes before her hungry pussy demanded my cum.  I
erupted with a force that surprised me.  I pulled out after the first wave of
cum gushed out of my cock, and sprayed a thick white stream of cum up the length
of my stomach, nearly to my throat.  Jacqui caught the rest in her talented
mouth, and  eagerly lapped up any that she missed.  She licked a trail from my
throat down to my still quivering cock.  With a mischievous grin, she swung her
sweet little ass over my mouth while I was still panting from the effort, and
ground her sopping cunt against my chin.  I took the hint and slurped up the
heady mixture of her delicious juice, and my own cum.

She pulled away before I could bring her to another orgasm, and lithely danced
over to the cabinet.  She deftly buckled on ankle and wrist cuffs, and then
dropped to her hands and knees.  She crawled over to me, the picture of wanton
sexuality, and slithered up between my legs, lightly dragging her pointy nipples
up my thighs, across my sensitive abdomen, and finally drew small circles around
my own hard nipples with her own.  Then she sank down on top of me and writhed
against the length of my body, her satiny smooth skin teasing my own newly
shaved skin.

She whispered in my ear, "Help me to clean up the play room and then we can play
our own games in my room, lover."





the end







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ed Cetera


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





