BDSM Library - Georgetta: The Bet




Georgetta: The Bet
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Georgetta lost the bet and was ready to pay the debt. Her lover planned a wild, yet romantic, weekend for her.
===========================================
WARNING : The following story contains descriptions of sexual
acts performed between consenting adults.  If you are not at
least 18 years of age, or you find this brand of literature
offensive, then exit this file/message now.  (!)

Caveat lector;  you read at your own risk.
============================================

If you liked the story, please drop me a line at: Dolphin31p@hotmail.com

The copyright of this story remains with me, and the fact of this posting
should not be construed as limiting or releasing these rights in any way.
If you keep the story, *PLEASE* keep the copyright disclaimer as well.
This posting does not give you the rights to post this on any website - you
must obtain the author's permission prior to posting.

Legal action will be taken against any and all postings of this story
without the author's explicit permission.  In no way, shape, or form does a
posting of this work to any newsgroup or electronic forum on the Internet
construe this author's permission.  Similarly, if you receive this story
through electronic mail, it is intended for your own personal use and may
not be posted to any other forum or newsgroup.

Please note that I'm happy to share my work - I just want to know where it's
going and who's posting it.  I honor most requests for permission to post my
work.

============================================
Written by: The Dolphin

Anohter note:  The girl in this story is a real person, an ex-girlfriend of
mine.  We parted amicably, and I still care about her a lot.  This story is
a work of fiction - it never happened, although I have shared it with her,
and she enjoyed it.  I hope you do too!  The names have been changed to
protect us both.  Georgetta is the name of another girl that I have desired,
but the physical descriptions of my heroine are of my ex-girlfriend.

And finally, this story has been improved slightly since its original
posting, and I believe it to be a better tale now.  Some of the technical
points have been tightened up, and a minor mistake here and there improved
upon.  Thanks to some comments from Celeste's Reviews for their feedback and
suggestions.  A good writer can usually be improved by a good editor.

There will also most likely be more to this story.  A good number of readers
have written me and begged me for more adventures of Chris & Georgetta, so
more to this tale is definitely in the works!

_______________________________________________________________________




Georgetta: The Bet
by The Dolphin (MF rom slow)

Part 1: Friday Night
Chapter 1: The end of a long day

The box was waiting just inside the front door to her apartment building,
just as Chris had said it would be when she got home.  It was on the floor
in front of the mailboxes with her name and address on it.  A large-size
cardboard box wrapped in brown paper packaging.  When Chris had told her to
expect it, he had remained mysteriously vague about it, and only that she
should expect it on Friday night.  He had refused to tell her what would be
in the carton, only that she was to bring it upstairs.  She had lost the
bet, and as a result had agreed to follow his directions for one night.  It
was now time to pay up.  If she decided to open the box, she had to follow
the directions in the box to the letter.

Georgetta had to go up the stairs to her apartment and drop off her purse,
briefcase, and other mail before returning to get the carton.  It was a
little heavier than she expected, and took a bit of effort to get it
upstairs and into her apartment.  Setting it down on the kitchen table, she
got a pair of scissors out of the drawer and sliced open the tape on the top
of the carton.  As she thought, there was a note from Chris on top of the
contents.

She sliced open the envelope and pulled the letter from inside.  It read,

My dearest Georgetta,

I see you have at least decided to undertake the first step in living up to
your side of the bet!  I ensure you that you will enjoy the events I have
planned for this evening.  You are to take this box into the bedroom and
unpack it, placing the contents on the bed.  Do not yet open the small box
in the bottom of this carton.  I will be along later this evening to
continue this fantasy.  As you will see when you unpack, your first step
will be to put on the attire I have provided for you.  Further instructions
on this step are contained inside this box.

Once you are dressed, you are to pour yourself a glass of wine and then
relax in the living room.  I have included one of your romance novels in the
box for your reading pleasure.  Turn to the section I have book marked for
you, and read from the book while you enjoy the glass of wine.

When  you have finished the marked section of the  book and have drunk the
wine, open the envelope at the back of the book and read the next set of
instructions.

Chris

Intrigued, Georgetta picked up the box and carried it into the bedroom.
Setting it on top of the bed, she lifted the packing material and began to
unpack the contents.  On top was indeed a romance novel, one of the real
trashy ones she liked to read while laying on the beach.  The rest of the
contents surprised her.

It was "attire" as Chris had put it in his note, but this was not quite what
she had expected.  A pair of black leather knee-high boots and black fishnet
stockings was the first items. A black, soft leather halter-top, a black
leather mini-skirt, a black garter belt, and a black thong panty completed
the outfit she was intended to wear.   She picked up the halter-top and
examined it.  It was basically a black leather bra, but had a collar with
silver metal studs.  Silver studs were attached at various places over the
garment.  Several straps rose from the top of the bra to the collar in a
web-like fashion.

Smiling to herself, she wondered just what Chris was intending, but decided
it would be a lot of fun to find out.  "Guess he's in the mood for a Harley
Davidson biker-type fantasy, I guess" she thought.

Dropping the outfit on the bed, she stepped out of her heels, and shrugged
off the suit jacket.  Fumbling with the zipper to her skirt, she walked
towards the closet.  Removing the hanger, she stepped out of the skirt, and
then hung it on the hanger.  She returned to the bed and picked up the
jacket, adding it to the hanger and returned it to the closet.  She returned
to the dresser and reached behind her to undo her bra.  Her breasts fell
loose as the bra came unhooked, and she removed the item from her shoulders.
  She softly caressed her breasts, imagining the feel of Chris's hands on
them later that evening.  They were very sensitive, and even her casual
caresses sent a tiny wave of pleasure through her.

She dropped her thumbs inside the pantyhose and panties, and pushed them
down to below her knees.  She sat down on the bed and pulled them off her
legs.  She then picked up the black fishnet hose from Chris's package and
carefully pulled on one and then the other.  Standing up, she spent a minute
on each leg, carefully straightening the seams.  "Why do these things drive
guys crazy?" she wondered, not for the first time.

The halter-top was the next item.  She quickly figured out the fastener on
the collar and attached it around her neck.  She smoother the cups of the
halter around her breasts and then reached behind her back to fasten the
catch.   She had never worn a leather item like this before, and found she
liked the feel of the leather against her skin.  The halter was relatively
low cut, and revealed a significant amount of cleavage.  The black leather
straps from the halter up to the collar stood out against her tanned skin.
"This could be fun", she thought to herself.

She picked up the garter belt and fastened it around her waist, and then
spent several minutes fastening the garter straps front and rear to the
stockings.  "Men" she muttered as the last strap got stubborn and refused to
fasten onto the stocking.  At last it too snapped into place.  She picked up
the thong and stepped into it, settling it into place on her hips.

The leather skirt then went around her waist.  It zipped up one side,
although the zipper started more than a few inches from the bottom.  From
her waist to the hem it was about twelve inches, and didn't cover very much
at all.  She rotated the skirt around her waist, positioning the zipper at
the front of her right thigh.  The slight slit on her skirt showed the top
of the stockings and a bit of thigh.  "Chris will certainly appreciate
that", she thought to herself.

She sat down onto the bed and pulled first one boot and then the other on.
They fit perfectly, leading her to believe Chris had been snooping around
her clothing to determine her sizes.  The boots had a good three-plus spiked
heel, and she stood carefully and took a few steps to get her balance
straight.  She had a pair of four-inch heels that she sometimes wore, the
kind she referred to as her "do-me" heels, but she often didn't spend much
time walking in them - Chris usually took her straight to bed after only a
few minutes of her walking around him wearing them...

She looked again into the box and noticed she had missed two items.  Two
black leather studded bracelets were in the bottom of the box, next to the
other box that Chris's letter had told her not to open.  She picked up and
examined the two black leather wrist cuffs.  They were studded with silver
squares around the inside, and had soft fabric on the inside.  They had
smaller silver studs similar to the ones on the halter top she was wearing.
More interesting was that the fastening mechanism seemed rather intricate,
and it took a bit of work with both hands to get each one open.  She
fastened one on each wrist.

She stood up from the bed and over to the full-length mirrors on the closet
doors.  "Definitely a bad girl look," she thought to herself as she took in
her appearance.  The high heels on the boots lifted her butt slightly into
the air, tightening her buttocks and leg muscles.  They were high, but she
had worn this size before and could move reasonably well in them.  "We
better not be going out dancing though!" she thought.

The halter clung tightly to her breasts, revealing and hiding her curves at
the same time.  The halter fit snugly underneath her breasts, and revealed
her taut stomach and belly button, before the black miniskirt began.  The
skirt barely covered her tush, and as she turned and lifted the back of the
skirt, she noted that the panty was more of a G-string in the back.  The
fabric tapered quickly away from a few inches at the small of her back to
almost a string between her ass cheeks.

It needs something, however, she thought, and stepped over to her dresser.
She fumbled through her jewelry box for a minute and found the thick gold
hoop earrings.  She fastened these into each ear, and then added a longer,
dangly-type golden earring to the second hole in her right ear.  A further
search of her jewelry revealed the long golden chain she sometimes wore at
the beach, and she fastened it around her waist.  It gleamed in the light
and hung loose on her hips, just above the top of the mini-skirt.

Lastly, she picked out a 16" gold chain and fastened it about her neck.  The
bottom of the chain settled nicely just above her cleavage.  A final check
in the mirror and she decided she had the outfit just about right.  She
picked up a black hair scrungee from the dresser top and pulled her hair
into a soft ponytail behind her.  It wasn't in Chris's instructions but it
seemed to fit the image.  "All I need is a black leather biker jacket and I
could jump on the back of a hog" she thought to herself.  "Screw that - I
could drive my own hog, and get Chris to ride on the back" she thought to
herself and laughed.

She applied a bit of blush, some mascara, and then found her reddest
lipstick.  It was a vivid, bright red, and she applied it carefully to her
lips.  Picking up a tissue, she blotted her lips and dropped the tissue into
the wastebasket.  She smiled and blew a kiss to the leather-clad temptress
that looked back at her from the mirror.  She had just applied red nail
polish the previous day and it seemed to fit in well with the image.

"Now for the next part of this fantasy," she thought.

Continued in Chapter 2: A Glass of Wine and Thou...





Georgetta: The Bet
by The Dolphin (MF rom slow)

Part 1: Friday Night
Chapter 2: A glass of wine and thou...

She walked out of the bedroom and into the kitchen.  Her breasts swayed as
she walked, and moved slightly inside the halter, and she could feel the
tight panty brushing up against her.  She liked the feel of the cool leather
on her skin, pressing snug against her breasts.  "Now I know what the
attraction to leather is!" she thought to herself.   Opening the
refrigerator, she found the bottle of wine she and Chris had bought the
previous weekend and placed it on the counter.  She opened the silverware
drawer and pulled out the wine opener.  The bottle opened with a satisfying
"pop".  She got a glass down from the cabinet and began pouring the wine
when she saw Chris's handwriting on the bottle.

"Drink me to here" it said, and it indicated almost half of the bottle.

"Getting me drunk to take advantage of me, he is!" she said out loud.  "He
better be very good to me tonight" she thought, and continued pouring.

Measuring the bottle against the glass she had poured, she realized it was
about two good-sized glasses, more than she usually had, and certainly
enough to loosen a few inhibitions.

Georgetta returned the wine bottle to the refrigerator and then picked up
the wine glass and walked back into the bedroom.  She picked up the novel
Chris had sent and walked back out into the living room to her favorite
chair.  She carefully arranged herself onto the sofa cushion and took her
first drink of wine.  Setting the glass down on the end table, and noting
the red lipstick she had left on the glass, she opened the book to the
bookmark Chris had left, and began to read.

It was one of her favorite romance writers.  This author wrote wonderfully
romantic happy stories, but sprinkled liberal amounts of sexual activities
and adventures throughout.  The usual "man- meets-girl-and-falls-in-love,
man and girl both meet others and fool around, and then
man-and-girl-manage-to-save-their-love" type story.  This section Chris had
her start at quickly got into the "fooling-around" scenes, and she read
attentively as one bedroom encounter led to another and yet another, as the
hero and heroine made one romantic adventure after another.  After several
very good chapters, she realized that she had finished the first glass of
wine.  She set the book aside and stood up from the chair.

She walked carefully into the kitchen and retrieved the bottle from the
refrigerator.  She felt incredibly sexy dressed in this motorcycle slut
outfit, and let her hands wander momentarily over her breasts and down her
body before returning to her breasts.   A brief caress or two and she could
feel her nipples hardening beneath the leather halter.

"I may need to convince Chris to let me keep this outfit after tonight!" she
thought to herself.  "Shouldn't be too hard to do that", the thought
continued, and she smiled.

She poured the wine into her glass, noticing that she had almost passed the
marking on the bottle that she was supposed to drink.  The glass was full as
she returned the bottle to the refrigerator and then walked back into the
living room and the novel. As she sat into the chair, the skirt rode well up
her thighs, showing much of the skin above the tops of the stockings.   She
could feel the leather panty snuggle up against her clitoris, and knew that
at least part of Chris's plans were beginning to work.  She was just a
little buzzed, definitely feeling the effects of the glasses of wine she was
consuming.  She was also getting a little aroused.

She picked up the novel and was quickly caught up in the lovemaking
described in the book.

Continued in Chapter 3: Scenes from a Trashy Romance Novel





Georgetta: The Bet
by The Dolphin (MF rom slow)

Part 1: Friday Night
Chapter 3: Scenes from a Trashy Romance Novel

Donna walked out of the hotel room, slamming the door
in disgust.  She had just caught her lover, Jeremy, in
bed with her best friend and almost maid-of-honor, of
all people.   True, it had been her almost-maid-of-honor
in her almost-marriage to David, and that was last
year before the wedding had been called off and then she
had started seeing Jeremy, but still...the irony of
it all astounded her.

She walked down the hallway of the hotel, her heels
loudly clicking against the polished wooden floors
of the hotel.  This was her favorite Philadelphia hotel,
the Ritz Carlton, and she loved the incredible luxury
and opulence of the hotel.  Usually, she loved it,
she thought.  Now her blood was racing and her
thoughts were running wildly through her head.

She punched the button to the elevator and stood there,
staring back up the corridor at the hotel room where
Jeremy and Lauren were, probably picking out the ice
cubes from the bed sheets.  Donna giggled as she
remembered their reactions.  She had walked into the
room, having learned from Jeremy's secretary that he
had made plans to spend the night at the hotel.  She
had bribed the turndown maid to let her into his room,
and had snuck through the living room of his suite,
intending to surprise him in the bedroom.

However, when she opened the door to the room, she
had found them there, Jeremy's head and shoulders
buried between Lauren's legs.  Lauren had just let
out a long moan when she opened her eyes to see
Donna staring there.  Furious, Donna strode to the
dresser and grabbed the ice bucket sitting there.
She turned and flung the contents on the entwined couple,
soaking the two of them and the bed with the ice water
and cubes.  The bottle hit Jeremy in the ass.

"You son-of-a-bitch!" she had screamed at Jeremy.
"And you, you back-stabbing little slut!" she had
screamed at Lauren.  "You two deserve each other",
she had screamed at them, as they shrieked back at
her from the cold ice water.  She had then turned and
stormed out of the room.

The elevator doors opened and she got in.  She saw
the door to the hotel suite open and Jeremy come
stumbling out as the doors to the elevator shut.
She pushed the button for the Parking Garage Level 3
and leaned back in against the walls of the car.
Although she was trying to fight it, she felt the
first tears come as the car made its way from the
top floor of the hotel down to the lower level parking
garage.

The doors opened and she ran out from the car.  She
was openly crying now and certainly didn't want to
be seen in this condition.  As she rounded the corner
of the garage to where she had parked her Beamer, she
fumbled in her purse, pulling out the keys and finding
the key fob.  She peered at the remote opener through
her watery eyes and pushed the "Unlock" button.
Her Beamer beeped once and flashed its lights, opening
the doors for her.

As she approached the car she heard the steps behind
her.  A large body came up from behind, grabbing her
around the waist and clamping a hand over her mouth.
She was lifted off her feet and moved to the back of
her car.  The hand on her waist moved and grabbed her
wrist, finding the remote opener and pushed a button,
popping the trunk open.  She tried to scream and
twist against her assailant, but was shoved brutally into
the trunk and closeted inside it when the unknown
attacker slammed it shut on her.

She heard the front door open and then moments later
the engine roared to life.  She was flung about in
the trunk as the Beamer was backed out of the parking
spot and pulled away up the parking garage ramps.
She hit her head on something and blacked out.

-------------------

Georgetta paused in her reading to take another sip of wine.  She loved
trashy novels, and she especially loved the scene where Donna dumped ice
water all over the two lovers.  The twist there at the end with her getting
grabbed was interesting though.    "Is Chris going to abduct me tonight" she
wondered to herself.  "He better not try to shove me in a trunk!" she
thought with a hesitant smile.

Georgetta set the wineglass down, readjusted her skirt, which kept insisting
on riding up, and resumed reading.

-----------------

Donna opened her eyes and stared into darkness.
She blinked several times, but still could not
see anything.  Then she realized she was blindfolded.
Worse, they, whoever they were, had gagged her as
well.  Her mouth tasted funny.  She tried to spit
it out but found she couldn't.  It took her a
few minutes to regain her thoughts and assess
what was going on.   She felt like she was
laying on her back, that much she could figure out.
Something soft, most likely a bed.

She tried to move her arms but realized that they
were fastened above her head.  Same with her legs.
She could feel they were tied to something else
as well.  She was basically tied spread-eagled
on a bed, blindfolded and gagged.   She also felt
a little cold, but could still feel her bra straps
across her chest and the waistband of her panties.
So she wasn't naked, but certainly not fully clothed
either.  "This is not good," she thought to herself,
not for the first time.

She tugged with each arm, and then tried to move
her legs, but to no avail.  She was tied tight
and not going anywhere until someone decided to let
her go.

She heard the door open and footsteps approach the bed.
She turned her head towards the sound, but still could
not see anything - the blindfold cut off all of her
sight.  Then she felt fingers on the side of her face.
She turned away, and then realized that they were
caressing her face, and not hurting her.  She felt
the hand work slowly and softly down her cheek and ear,
to her neck, caressing and touching the sides of her neck
and under her chin.  The one hand was joined by a second,
alternating between her earlobes, her neck, and her chin.
Despite herself, Donna thought it felt quite nice.

The hands stopped and she heard footsteps move away
from the bed.  Then she heard the music begin.  It
was a jazz song.  For some reason it made her think
of her ex-fianc  - he had always loved listening to
jazz and they had frequently made love to the sounds
of jazz on the stereo.  Then she heard the steps
approaching her again, and then the wait and feeling
of someone sitting on the bed next to her.  The hands
returned, stroking and caressing her face and neck,
occasionally moving to her upper chest.  Then she
felt his hands on her gag, loosening it.  He pulled
it from her mouth.  Donna worked her tongue, lips,
and jaw, trying to moisten her dry mouth.  Then a few
splashes of a liquid were dropped into her mouth.
She tasted it and realized it was water.  A hand
reached behind her neck and lifted her head upwards,
and a glass was placed against her lips, allowing
her to drink.  She took several swallows before the
glass was lifted away.

"Please let me g-" she started to say when her lips
were covered by his.  In shock, she turned away from
the kiss, but he placed his hands on either side of
her face and turned her to him.  He kissed her again,
although she didn't return the favor.  But there was
something strangely familiar about his kiss...

Then his lips were on her neck, and nibbling softly
on the sides of her neck, up and down, and to that
little spot on the right side of her neck that was
just so sensitive, and then back to her lips.
This time, she kissed back, surprising herself.
His lips left hers, and returned to that sensitive
spot on her neck.  They worked downwards, down her
upper chest and to the top of her straining breasts,
kissing and nuzzling between them.  She felt his
hands reach behind her for the clasp of her brasserie,
and she realized she was lifting her back up slightly
off the mattress to help him!.

"There are only two men in this world that know how
sensitive that spot on my neck is," she thought to
herself as the mysterious stranger finished removing
her bra and started kissing her breasts.  "One was
her now ex-lover Jeremy, who she had left in the hotel
room with that slut Lauren, the other her ex-fianc ,
David.  But which one of the two of them was doing
this.  It can't be Jeremy - he could never have gotten
down to the hotel parking garage in time to catch her
from behind.  That meant it had to be...".  Then she
felt that distinctive nibbling sensation on her left
breast and knew it to be -

"David! -  David let me go you son-of-a-bitch!  How dare
you do this to me!"  she yelled at him.  A chuckling
sound let her now she had guessed correctly.  "Let me
out of these ropes you bastard!" she screamed at him,
trying to twist her body and breasts away from his kisses.

"Quiet, m'love" or I'll need to put the gag back in"
he said to her.  "You just lay there and enjoy this
evening's attention."  He moved his lips down from
her breasts, softly nibbling down her stomach and
caressing the space of skin just above her womanhood.
She felt him grasp the fabric of her panty with both
hands and then heard a ripping noise as he ripped
one side of the fabric.  She felt him slide the remainder
of the garment down her left leg, and then gasped as
he pressed his lips and tongue against her most
sensitive spot.

Despite her cries to stop, that they had broken up,
that she didn't want him to do this, that he was a
bastard and had left her for another woman, David
continued his affections to her womanhood, and she
could feel her excitement rising inside her.  Her
protestations died away as she was swept away in the
exotic feelings he produced within her.  She struggled
weakly against the bonds holding her hands, and then
gave up, allowing him to take her.  As the moment
came, she shook with ecstasy, and lay there, allowing
the emotions and feelings to sweep through her.

Then he was inside her.  She felt his manhood penetrate
deep into her, and she found herself raising her hips
to take him, to feel him.  They moved together, she
moving upwards, he driving into her, just like old times.
They quickly found their familiar rhythm, and moved
together as one.  She heard his cries as he achieved
his release and shook within her before collapsing on
top of her.

After several minutes, he reached up and removed her
blindfold.  She squinted in the light, realizing that
it was only from a few candles he had placed around
the bed.  She looked around and recognized the decor
and furnishings of the Ritz Carlton!  She had never
even left the hotel!

As she started to ask him to explain, he again dropped
his lips to her womanhood and began again, this time
slower and more languorously than the first time.
Hours and hours passed, it seemed to her, as she lay
there upon the bed.  She could feel the sheets grow
wet beneath her, as David brought her to a second and
then third release.  His hands roamed her body,
caressing her breasts, moving up and down her legs.
After the third release he slowly stopped and
lifted his body from hers.

She felt his hands on her legs, releasing the ties
from each foot.  As she stretched and flexed each leg
he moved to her arms and released each one.  He lay
down beside her and she rolled towards him,
enveloping his face with kisses.  She moved herself
on top of him, and found him ready for her again.
This time she moved slowly atop him, feeling his
hardness within her.  She watched his face and
eyes, trying to gauge his level of excitement,
slowing as she thought he neared release.  Finally,
as her thighs began to burn, she quickened the pace
of their lovemaking, and felt him achieve his release.
She collapsed on top of him, holding him in place
inside her.

"You have a lot of explaining to do," she said to him.

-------------------

Georgetta turned the page in the novel and found a post-it note from Chris.
It said:

That's all for your reading enjoyment this evening.  You can finish the book
another time.  Now it's time to proceed to the next activity in this night's
entertainment plans.  If you are still willing to participate, open the
envelope at the back of this book.

                        Chris

Georgetta thought for a few moments.  She really wanted to see what happened
next in the story, find out whether Donna took David back or got back
together with Jeremy.  She was also feeling very aroused.  That last scene
had really turned her on, and she was more than a bit curious as to what
else Chris had planned for her.

She found the envelope stapled into the back of the book.  Ripping it from
the book cover, she opened it to find a second envelope and a sheet of paper
with further instructions.  The sheet read:

To Georgetta, Biker Slut and girl of my dreams,

I hope you have enjoyed your evening so far.  I
have put a considerable amount of work into this
fantasy, and hope to allow you to experienced one
of the most incredible nights of your life.  You
now need to decide if you want to follow through
where I am about to take you.  You may have a
slight idea based on your attire and the last scene
in the novel.  I assure you that you will not be
hurt, and that we will have a most incredible
night of lovemaking and pleasure.

If you agree, then you are first to clean-up the
wine glass and leave the novel on the counter
in the kitchen.  Then take the remaining envelope
into the bedroom and get the second box from
inside the first carton I left for you.  I will
soon be there, my darling, and promise to
make incredible love to you regardless of your
decision as to where this night goes.  I can
only imagine how incredibly sexy and desirable
you look right now.  I hope you are enjoying the
feel of the leather attire on your wonderful body.

Finally, if at any time this night is not going as
you would desire and want to stop the fantasy, you
are to say "Thunderbird".  That will be our code
word to let me know that you want to stop and talk.
Otherwise, I will continue with my plans for the
evening and assume that I have your agreement.

For now, my love...

Chris

Continued in Chapter 4: Fit to Be Tied





Georgetta: The Bet
by The Dolphin (MF rom slow bd)

Part 1: Friday Night
Chapter 4: Fit to be Tied...

She had already decided that she would follow through with Chris on this
fantasy.  He had obviously worked hard to make it happen, and she was
enjoying herself immensely so far.    She found it funny that he had chosen
"Thunderbird" as her escape word, but was pleased that he had planned for
any eventuality.  The car that she had been driving when she and Chris had
first started dating was a dark blue Thunderbird, and she had loved it very
much.  She had many great memories of her times with Chris in that car.  She
felt more comfortable now following his directions knowing that she could
stop him at any point.

She picked up the envelope, book, and wineglass and walked (swayed,
actually) into the kitchen.  She quickly rinsed the glass, scrubbing away
the lipstick, and left the book on the kitchen counter as instructed.  Then
she walked with the other envelope into the bedroom and picked up the letter
opener to open the third envelope and the box.  Chris's writing on the
outside of the envelope instructed her to open the carton first before
following the instructions on contained in the envelope.

She attacked the box with the letter opener and quickly had slit the tape
sealing it shut.  She was somewhat surprised at the contents, although she
had suspected something based on his instructions in the letter and that
last chapter of the romance novel.  The box contained two short lengths of
chain, one about six inches long and the other about three and a half feet.
Both had hooks on either end that would lock once they were closed.  The box
also contained a Sony Discman and headphones, a set of keys, a small silver
vibrator, and what looked to be a wide black leather headband.  She was
pretty sure what Chris had in mind now, and again made up her mind to
continue.  She know Chris really cared for her and would not do anything
that might hurt her, and besides, the story in the novel had made it all
seem incredibly exciting.

The vibrator surprised her.  She knew what it was, of course, but had never
used one.  She picked it up and examined it.  Chris had attached a post-it
note to the toy that instructed her to turn the base of the vibrator until
she had heard two clicks.  She tried it and almost dropped it as it began
humming in her hand.  She felt it between her palms for a few minutes,
feeling the vibrations and listening to the humming noise it made.  She
turned it off and then set it back on the comforter on the bed.  "Oh boy,"
she thought.

She opened up the letter and read the instructions inside.  The level of
effort Chris had gone through to prepare for this night again surprised her.

The first few steps in the letter were pretty simple.  She was told to first
bring the chair from the corner of the bedroom into the middle of the floor
directly beneath the oak beam that ran across the middle of the ceiling.
She was to feed the longer chain through the two hoops Chris had installed
in the beam, leaving an equal amount of chain hanging from each loop.  She
was then to return the chair to the corner of the room.  She did this,
struggling to move the chair in her heels and with the tight miniskirt
constricting her steps.

"When did he do all of this, and how come I never noticed this before?" she
thought to herself.  The beam was just across the room from her bed, and she
practically looked right at it when she was lying in bed.  She certainly
would have noticed it before, she thought.  She looked appraisingly at the
chair, and quickly sat down.  Off came the boots - she wasn't about to fall
headfirst off the chair trying to balance on the heels.

She stepped up carefully onto the chair in her stockings - still no easy
task in the tight skirt - and looked at the two metal loops.  They had been
screwed into the beam, about eighteen inches or so apart.  She reached up
and fed one length of the long chain through one loop and then across to and
through the other.  She measured the sides to get equal amounts of chain
hanging from the two sides.  She stepped carefully down off the chair,
dragged it back to the corner of the room, and then sat down in it to pull
her boots back on.  She picked up the letter and continued reading.

The keys were to be hung on the necklace she was now wearing.  Chris's
letter explained that the keys would open the locks on the two chains, once
the night was well underway.  She unfastened the necklace from behind her
neck and slipped the two silver keys over the chain.  She refastened the
catch, dropping the keys just at the top of her breasts, and returned to the
letter.

Chris then instructed her to take a milk crate that she found in the corner
of the room and set it underneath the beam, between the two loops and their
hanging chains, but to position the crate about eight inches behind where
she would stand once in the bonds.  This puzzled her, but she did as the
letter instructed.

The next step was to place the Discman onto a loop on the back of her
miniskirt, and then to place the headphones in her ears.  A CD from Mozart
was already in the Discman, and she was instructed to turn it on and set the
volume to 5.  She turned the Discman on, and fastened it to the belt loop on
the side of the miniskirt.  She set the headphones in her ears.  She found
the music to be somewhat loud but not painfully so.  The sounds of the
Mozart sonata were soon playing in her ears.

The vibrator was next.  She was told to turn it on by turning the bottom
knob to the second click, and then to insert it inside of her.  She knew
where it went and what she was supposed to do with it, but it still took
several seconds to convince herself to do this.  She walked over to the bed,
lifted up her skirt, pulled her panty partly down her thighs and sat down
with her legs spread on the bed.  She was already quite wet from the first
part of the evening, and as she pressed it between her thighs and held it,
pressing against her for several seconds.  It was buzzing quite happily.
She slowly turned the tip, rubbing it up and down, and then inserted the tip
of the toy inside her.

She pressed a little harder, letting out a gasp as she felt the buzzing
inside of her.  She pulled it out and then rubbed softly against her tender
lips, and then held it against her clitoris.  Then slowly, she worked it in
and out until only the end was peaking out from inside of her.  Standing,
she pulled her panty back up over it, which immediately pushed the vibrator
a little farther in and momentarily staggered her.  She realized that Chris
had probably purposely selected the tight panty just to hold the toy inside
her.  The buzzing and vibrating motion of the sex toy immediately got her
keyed up, and made her even wetter, if possible.  She adjusted her skirt
back down, adjusting it slightly to reposition the zipper and accompanying
slit over her right thigh.

She was then instructed to pull the black headband over her head and down
around her neck.  She was then to put down the letter, pick up the remaining
small length of chain, and step into the middle of the bedroom and stand on
top of the milkcrate, beneath the oak beam and the hanging chain.

She set the letter down on the bed and picked up the black headband.  She
stretched it out with her fingers and pulled the headband over her head and
down around her neck.  She carefully freed her hair from inside the
headband, and readjusted the black scrungee in her hair.  She picked up the
small length of chain and then walked carefully to the center of the room.
She stepped carefully up onto the milk crate, feeling the sensation of the
vibrator within her as the tight panty held it inside her as she stepped up
on top of the milk crate.  She was starting to get used to the feeling of
the vibrator inside her, and liked what it did to her when she moved around.
  She had to balance carefully to keep the heels of her boots from sliding
through the holes in the plastic milk crate.

The letter had instructed her to use the short length of chain to lock her
two boots together.  She bent over slowly and carefully, balancing on top of
the crate and shaking slightly as the vibrator continued its happy
thrumming, and found that the two clasps on either end of the short chain
would connect into small loops on the inside of each boot.  One clasp on
either end of the chain locked onto each boot.  This effectively prevented
her from moving more than six inches at a time - the length of the chain
holding her feet together.

As she did this and then stood back up from leaning over, she felt the
vibrator shift a little more inside her.  It was a small unit, no more than
four or five inches, but more than enough to drive her a little crazy with
its incessant motion.  She could already feel an orgasm building inside, and
hoped that Chris would be there soon to replace the vibrator with his own
sex tool, something that she knew would fill her more completely than the
small silver toy did.

The last two steps were reasonably clear, but required the final surrender.
She could still stop now, retrieve the keys from around her neck, and then
just jump on Chris as soon as he walked in the door.  As horny as she was
getting, this was a very attractive option, but she decided to go ahead and
follow the last two steps.  She reached up with her hands and grasped the
hanging chain on her left side with both hands.  She fastened the lock on
the end of the chain to the ring on the wrist cuff on her left wrist.  She
was still surprised that she had missed the rings on her wristbands earlier
in the night.  Now she didn't care.

She then moved her right arm across her body and grabbed the chain hanging
from the loop on the right side of her body.  There was just enough slack in
the chain to bring the clasp over to the fingers of her left hand.  Holding
the right end of the chain and its clasp in her left fingers, she moved her
right wrist up, and then clicked the clasp closed over the ring on her right
wrist cuff.

Each hand was now locked to either end of the chain.  As she was still
standing on the milk crate and eight or nine inches from the floor, she
still had a lot of slack in the chain - she could even reach the keys on the
chain around her neck if she really strained.   She could pull the necklace
up from around her neck, retrieve the key, and then unlock the two clasps on
either wrist.  "But that wasn't the point, now was it?" she thought.

Carefully moving her hands, she grasped the band of the blindfold and pulled
the garment up over her chin and settled it into place over her eyes.  She
was now in darkness, and with the Mozart playing in her ears, effectively
placed into a sensory deprivation mode.

She reached up with both hands and grasped a chain in either palm.  Chris'
instructions had been to use her arms to pull down on the chains, lifting
herself up slightly off of the milk crate, kick backwards with her feet to
knock the crate away, and then lower herself to the ground.   Once her feet
were back on the ground, the extra slack in the chains would be gone, and
her ability to free herself would be gone as well.

Well, that was the idea anyway.  Taking a deep breath, she pulled downward
on the two chains, and lifted herself off the crate slightly and tried to
swing her boots backwards.  The chain between her feet messed up her aim,
and she only slight kicked the crate, nudging it backwards an inch or two.
Then she more-slid-than-lowered herself down to the ground and the chains
extended her arms upward as her boots touched the ground.   She staggered
slightly but then used her arms and the chain above her head to regain her
balance.

That was it.  Her legs were bound together with the short chain.  Her hands
were fastened via the wrist cuffs to the length of chain and suspended over
her head, and there wasn't much slack left in that chain.  The sonata in her
ears and the black blindfold cut off both her hearing and sight.  She was
essentially helpless.  She tried to bring her wrists together, thinking to
unlock one of the wristbands, but found that the two hoops in the ceiling
were just far enough apart, or the chain just short enough to keep her from
getting either hand near the other.    She could almost touch her head, and
could feel her hair in her fingers, but couldn't quite reach the blindfold
or headphones, let alone her other wrist.

Chris had carefully taken into account her height, the length of her arms,
the heels, and the length of the chain holding her hands.  She had some
slight freedom, but not enough to lower her arms, or, as she tried to
ascertain, to really get to the fastenings of the wrist cuffs or the keys on
the chain around her neck.  "This is it," she thought.  I'm locked in place
here, waiting for my man to come and ravish me.

She stood there in place for a few moments.  Without being able to see
anything, all she could really do was listen to the music.  She found that
the music grew a little louder, and she also realized that she was really
conscious of buzzing between her legs.  She almost thought she could hear it
humming, as well as of course feel it.  She could feel the pressure build
inside her as the vibrator continued to merrily hum away, sending waves
throughout her.  She rocked slightly in her heels, pulling against the cuffs
and the chain holding her in place.  Without sight or sound, it was easy to
imagine that it was really Chris that was inside of her.  She could almost
feel his hands on his breasts, the thrust of him deep inside her.  She
closed her eyes, letting out a soft moan as the pressure continued to build.
  She tried to shake her hips a little to move the vibrator inside of her
pussy, but wound up shaking herself without really moving the vibrator.

"Ohhhhhhhh...this is going to be a good one," she thought to herself.  "If I
can just move it a little bit further, things will really happen!" she
realized.  She squirmed a little more, feeling her breasts jiggle softly
under the leather.

"Hmmm," she thought.  "That feels kind of nice."  Her nipples had grown even
harder and more erect as her orgasm had begun to build, and were now rubbing
against the leather halter-top.  She leaned up slightly onto her tiptoes and
then back.  The combination of the spiked heels and chain holding her hands
though restricted most of her motion, but she got a bit of a jiggle, she
thought.  "Aaron Spelling would never put this jiggle onto a show, though!"
she thought.

She swayed a few more times, and then let out another moan as she felt the
orgasm began to crest.  She tensed, feeling the wave, when...

With a slight click the vibrator shut off.

She waited, tensed and poised, on the brink of an explosion, thinking she
was mistaken, but realizing that no, the damned thing had shut off.
"Goddamn him!  He didn't change the batteries!!  I don't fucking believe
this!"  She tried to swing her hips or move to make the vibrator continue to
nudge her most sensitive spot, but between the height of her heels and the
boot chain, and with her hands locked above her head, realized that she
could only squirm in frustration as the wave of her orgasm slowly faded
away.

"I really don't believe he did this.  Let me out of this thing" she cried,
and again tried to reach the cuff fastenings.  She twisted her hands and
wrists inside the wrist cuffs, trying to reach the clasps on the cuffs with
her fingers.  She could almost touch the buckle on her wrist with her
fingers, in fact felt her fingernails brush against the metal, but that was
it.  She struggled for several minutes before giving up, and slumped into
the chains, letting the chain and her arms take her weight.  She was
extremely sensitive to everything right now.  She could feel the vibrator
inside her, just sitting there taking up space but not doing anything to
help her.   Her nipples pressed against the halter, demanding attention.
She knew it was because of her aroused state, but that certainly didn't help
matters much.  The damned music was continuing to play away in her ears, and
she couldn't see a goddamn thing!   Her level of frustration mounted and she
started swearing at Chris, calling him every name in the book and promising
what she was going to do to him when she got out of this setup, and then...

The vibrator clicked back on.  She stopped in mid-sentence (and
mid-swearing, questioning the legitimacy of Chris's birth) when she felt it
begin buzzing again.  She leaned her head back and moaned as she felt it
within her again.  She suddenly took back all the bad things she had said
about Chris.  She was moaning and writhing quite happily then again, doing
her slight jiggle, when after two minutes it clicked off again.

"I think I've been royally set-up this time" she thought to herself.
Despite the urging and roaring between her thighs, Georgetta stood quietly,
counting to herself.  Her body was pleading with her for a release, but she
ignored it as best she could and tried to count.  The lack of sight and the
sonata playing in the her ears made it difficult, but she thought she was
close to 120 seconds when the vibrator kicked back on.  "The damn thing
turns itself on and off!" she thought - "I'm going to kill him!"  That
thought drifted away as her orgasm began building again, responding to her
bodies' desires and the incessant buzzing between her legs.  She thought
that maybe she could make herself come before her time expired if she really
worked hard.  She struggled in earnest, shaking the chains and wriggling,
trying to push the vibrator directly where she really, really, really
REALLY-fucking needed it, desperately trying to attain that elusive orgasm
when - "click" - it shut off again.  She slumped against the chains and hung
there, cursing the SOB who had invented the thing.

Continued in Chapter 5: The Hero Returns





Georgetta: The Bet
by The Dolphin (MF rom slow bd)

Part 1: Friday Night
Chapter 5: The hero returns

Chris sat on the bed, watching Georgetta squirm in her chains.  He had
emerged from the closet moments after she had locked her wrists into the
chains and completed the self-bondage.  He had to continually control
himself from going to her immediately, releasing her from the captivity and
taking her to bed immediately.  She was just so incredibly gorgeous, sexy,
and desirable in the black leather outfit - not to mention the completely
helpless state she was in - and all at his request!

He had walked quietly around her after emerging from the closet, taking in
the incredible appearance of his girlfriend.  Her breasts were barely
contained in the leather halter top, and he knew that her nipples inside
would be hard and aroused, just begging for him to lick and kiss each one.
He knew that they were very sensitive, and he knew that it might only take a
little attention to them to trigger the orgasm she was so desperately trying
to achieve.  Her legs and ass looked incredible.  The miniskirt and boots
just did amazing things to her posterior curves.  He loved to look at her
legs, and watch her walk, and wished that he could watch her walk ahead of
him in this outfit.  "A little later on this night," he thought.

The instruction manual for the vibrator indicated it would stay "on" for
five minutes when initially turned on prior to moving to the on-off cycle,
so he left her there in the bedroom and walked out to the kitchen.  He
retrieved her wineglass from the kitchen sink, got the bottle of wine from
the refrigerator and poured himself a glass.  He got a water glass down from
the cupboard and filled it, knowing that Georgetta would be thirsty after
the next hour's activities.

Returning to the bedroom, he settled onto the bed and watched as Georgetta
continued writhing in the chains.  A sheen of perspiration covered her face,
neck, and chest, and from the way she was rubbing her legs together he knew
she was getting close.  He hoped he had timed it just right.  When she
started the slight jiggle, he sat up in amazement.  "Maybe I should have
allowed a little more slack in that chain," he thought to himself.  She was
bouncing slightly, raising up onto her tip-toes and then dropping back down.
  He stood up from the bed and stepped to her side to watch.  She was only
lifting her heels maybe a half-inch off the floor, but the resulting bounce
set certain parts of her anatomy bouncing happily.  Her breasts swayed
slightly within the halter, and he thought he could almost make out the
shape of her nipple through the leather.  Her dark brown hair jostled softly
around her face, and bounced in back in the ponytail, and the skirt bounced
a bit around her ass and legs.  "All in all a most amazing sight," he
thought to himself.

He heard the slight click when the vibrator shut off and watched her face
change from a look of ecstasy to amazement.  He winced as she began swearing
at him and calling him every name in the book.  He was surprised at the
extent of her vocabulary, wondering where she had picked up a few of those
terms.  He appreciated her motions as she tried to finish the orgasm she had
almost had, and had to restrain himself from releasing her and finishing the
task.

Two minutes after the vibrator had shut off it turned on again.   He reached
over to the nightstand and opened the drawer, removing the remote control
for the vibrator.  Checking his watch, he watched as Georgetta again began
to shake with the upcoming orgasm.  The vibrator was on a fixed
three-minute-on-two-minute-off sequence, but he could override it with the
remote control.  He hadn't been sure she had followed his directions to turn
it to the second setting - if she had only turned it to the first setting it
would have stayed on in its low setting and she might well have been well
into her second or third orgasm by now.

He checked the clock and decided to let a few more minutes pass before he
interrupted things.  As he settled back onto the bed, he softly rubbed his
raging hard-on in his jeans.  There was no way that any mortal man could
watch someone as beautiful and sexy as Georgetta, in the attire she was
wearing, and the obvious state of sexual heat she was, and not get
incredibly excited.

He watched as she went through an additional three cycles of on-and-off
activity.  When the vibrator was on, she would moan and squirm in place,
start the jiggling motion, all in trying to get to that elusive orgasm.
When it was off, she slumped in the chains, and hung in place, waiting for
the next on cycle.  She was getting tired, he knew, and wouldn't last much
longer.  He intended to tease and torment her slightly, but certainly not to
annoy or get her really mad at him.

As the vibrator click on for the fourth time in the cycle, he triggered the
remote control to "on" and set the vibrator to high.  He watched as her head
lifted, and she tried to peer around the room.  He knew she couldn't hear
anything, but if she had left some space around the blindfold she might be
able to see him and realize he was here.

                                  * * * * *

She felt the vibrator kick back in, but at a higher rate this time.  The
vibrations were more intense, more throbbing, and she hoped beyond all hope
that this time she would finally come!!  She really needed the release of an
orgasm, and she was getting almost too horny.  But why was it running at a
higher speed?"

Did Chris do that?  Is he here with me now, in this room, watching me as I
stand here trying to come?  Is he somehow controlling the vibrator, enjoying
his little game?" she thought through the waves.  Her legs were getting
sore, her breasts were aching for attention, and her pussy - no - her whole
body was screaming at her for release

"Chris - was that you? " she asked, barely managing to form the words as her
body continued to shake.  She forgot that she would not be able to hear a
reply.  "Damnit Chris if you're here I'm going to kill you - let me out of
this thing.  Let me out of this and FUCK ME NOW!" she said, and then was
surprised at herself for saying it.  She wasn't really one for swearing, and
hadn't meant to say it, but she realized that was what she really wanted -
his hard dick planted deep inside her and the feel of his lips on hers and
his hands on her breasts and the deep thrusts

and...and...and..."uhhhhhhhhhh-ohhhhh-oohhhhhhh-m-m-m-mm-mm-mm-m-myyyyyyy-ggggoooodddddddddddddd!!!!

She came.  From somewhere down deep in her toes this roaring sensation swept
through her, and she shook with incredible pleasure as the wave washed
through her.  For several long minutes she shook with the effects, feeling a
happy warm feeling overcome her.  She slumped in the chains, drained with
the intensity of the orgasm.  "Wow" she thought to herself - that was some
orgasm.

As she slowly regained control of her senses, she realized that the vibrator
was still humming, demanding that she pay attention to the silver intruder
still inside her.  "Oh no!" she thought to herself as the pressures began to
build again.  She shook the chains and yelled "Chris - enough!  Let me out
from this!  I need you - not some damned toy!"  She thought about using the
escape word, but she wasn't sure that Chris was really here, that he would
even release her.  Then she realized that she wasn't yet sure she really
wanted to escape...

                               * * * * *

It took all the control Chris could muster not to go to her when she shouted
for him.  She looked so incredible, so horny, so desirable, and his hard-on
was beginning to cause him pain, he wanted her so much.  He had watched her
shake with the orgasm, happy for her and desiring her even more as the first
orgasm of many this evening took her.  Steeling himself, he stood up from
the bed and approached her.  It was time to let her know he was here, and to
continue the fun.  She was recovering from the first orgasm (or had there
been multiple in there?), and it was time for the next activity.

He picked up the glass of water and moved over to her.  He found the pause
switch on the Discman and pressed it, temporarily stopping the sounds of the
sonata.  He moved his hand to her right ear and lifted the ear piece from
the headset, resting it just to the side of her ear.  Her head came up
immediately and looked towards him.  He raised the glass to her lips and
said "Here m'love, have a drink".  She opened her lips and he carefully
raised the glass and allowed her to drink several large sips.  When she
stopped he took the glass away.

"You can't believe how incredible you look, dear", he said to her.

"Let me free from this and I'll show you how incredible I feel," she
replied, smiling in his direction.

"Oh, but that would be bringing this evening to a finish too soon.  I have a
few more surprises for you" he replied.

"I don't know if I can stand anymore like that last one.  This vibrator is
an evil thing" she said.  They both heard it click back on, and he watched
as she shook briefly with the sensation.

"Bastard," she said.

"Okay, enough talking.  You lost the bet," he reminded her.  "You've just
begun to pay it off," he said, and then pushed the play switch on the
Discman.   He moved the earpiece back into place over her ear and set the
water glass down.

"Uuuuuummmmmmm," she moaned to him.

He stepped behind her and moved his hands to the fastening on her halter
top.  He unfastened the strap behind her back and allowed it to hang loose
around her breasts.  He fished an ice cube out of the glass of water and
brought it up to her right breast, lifting the leather halter and applying
the ice cube to her nipple.  She shrieked at the cube touched the hardened
nipple.  Chris rubbed it over and around the nipple, and the cube melted
away in his hand, leaving her breast wet.  He fished out another cube and
repeated this on the other breast.  Both nipples were standing straight up
and out, and he placed both hands on them and squeezed and caresses them
softly.  The intensity of the moans from Georgetta increased.  He was glad
to see she wasn't swearing at him anymore.

He brought his hands up and stroked the soft skin under her neck and above
her breasts.  He slowly lifted her head up and brought his lips to hers.
She met him with a passionate kiss, thrusting her tongue to meet his.  As
they kissed he stroked her hair and caressed her ears, moving slowly up and
down the sides of her face and neck.  Chris slid his finger up inside the
blindfold and lifted it up above her forehead, looking into her wonderful
brown eyes.  She opened them slowly, blinking in the light.

She looked at him with a combination of both rage and passion.  She was both
crazy with lust for him but also mad at him for locking her into this
position and causing this sexual frustration.

"I'm going to seriously hurt you when you let me out of this" she said to
him when they broke off their kiss.

He kissed her again and replied "Maybe I'd best not release you just yet
then.  Can't have you threatening me!" He smiled at her, and then dropped
his hands to her underarms, giving her a slight tickle.  It worked as she
dissolved into a giggle spasm.  This quickly gave way to another shudder and
moan as the vibrator continued to thrum inside her.

"Can't you do something about this?" she asked, thrusting her hips towards
him.  The invitation on her face was easily readable.

Chris took a half step back and quickly looked her over.  "Let me see, now.
Maybe we should remove this skirt," he said to her.  He stepped forward and
dropped his fingers to the zipper on the miniskirt.  He allowed his hands
ample opportunity to caress her thigh as he worked the zipper upward and
then allowed it to fall away from her hips.  He caught his breath once again
at how incredible she looked.  Stepping to the side, he appraised his bound
girlfriend.  The panty had worked its way into the cleft in her buttocks,
becoming almost a total thong.  The garter belt framed the front of her
panty, with the tops of her stockings ending a few inches from the panty and
revealing a stretch of tanned flesh.  The boots and the heels added the most
interesting curves to her already well defined and toned legs, thighs, and
butt.  A slight protrusion from between her legs indicated the end of the
vibrator that was mostly inside of her.  She shook again and closed her eyes
as its vibrations continued inside her.

He stepped back over to the bed and picked up the remote control.  He aimed
it towards her.

                                   * * * * *

"What does that do?" she asked him.  Having been blindfolded before when he
had worked the remote, she didn't know what the device did.  When he pressed
a button though, she found out.  The vibrations suddenly sped up a bit
"Ohhhhhhhhh," she sighed.  "That's - uummmmmmm - what that does!  Oh-my-god,
oh-my-god, oh-my-god, oh-my-gooooddddd!"  She shut her eyes and tried not to
think about what the vibrator was doing inside her.  Then it sped up again
another setting.  She opened her eyes and saw him smiling at her, and then
watched as he set the control down on the bed again.

He dropped to his knees and fished around under the bed, bringing out a
duffel bag from under the bed.  Standing up, he dropped the bag on the bed
and unzipped it, and began fishing around inside it.  He pulled out a two
foot black rod with hooks on each end and approached her with it.

"What is that for?"  she asked.  "Are you going to - ummmmmmmmpphhh -- beat
me now for swearing at you?"  She said this in a joking tone, but was a bit
apprehensive as he crossed the short distance over to her.

"I would never do that to you my love, not even in a fantasy such as this",
he replied and stepped behind her.  He laid a light smack on her butt
causing her to jump forward slightly.

"A light spanking now and then perhaps, to keep you in line, but nothing
serious," he said into her ear.  Her response, if she said anything, was
lost in another moan.

                                 * * * * *

Chris placed the bar on the floor, and then stood up.  He reached up
underneath her hair and found the clasp for the necklace.  He undid the
hook, and then brought the necklace down.  The keys slid off one end into
his palm.  He then refastened the necklace around her neck.  Bending down,
he grabbed one of her booted feet and unlocked one end of the chain locking
them together.  Feeling her freedom, Georgetta tried to kick back at him,
but he quickly took a firmer hold of her boot, grabbed the end of the bar,
and locked the fastening on the end of the bar to the ring on her boot.
With one leg off the ground, Georgetta swung slightly, trying to maintain
her balance on the other booted heel and swinging from the chain on her
wrists.

Switching his stance, he grabbed her right booted foot and pushed it
outwards to his right.  He moved the bar between her legs and fastened the
end of the bar to her right boot.  Standing up, he brought his hands back up
to her neck, found the necklace, and returned the keys to the chain.  He
took a half-step back and appraised his work.  Her legs were now held apart
approximately two feet.  Her butt was tight and slightly tilted back towards
him, as she struggled to balance on the heels now that her feet were held
apart.  He couldn't resist, and dropped his hands to her, caressing and
fondling her cheeks.  She turned her head towards him, trying to watch what
he was doing.

He lightly swatted her again on her butt, slapping either cheek.  "That," he
said, punctuating his words with light slaps, "was for trying to kick me!
We shall not have that again."  He held up his hand above her ass and looked
up at her.  She nodded her head in agreement.  Chris stepped back from her
and took in her new bound look.

The thin strip of fabric that was her panty was now wedged even further
between the cheeks of her beautiful ass, and he could clearly see the end of
the vibrator as it pressed out against the fabric.  More importantly, she
was almost perfectly positioned now for what he had in mind - with the
high-heeled boots, her posterior was at almost the perfect height.
Georgetta had closed her eyes again, apparently focusing on the sensations
running through her body.  He knew that his actions that had spread her legs
had shifted the vibrator inside her to a new position, and that had resulted
in a new round of sensations for her already exceptionally turned-on body.

                                * * * * *

"We could have so much more fun if I could touch you," she said to him,
snapping him out of his admiration or her backside.  She had opened her eyes
and was again trying to look back over her shoulder at Chris.  Although she
was definitely enjoying herself, she was tired of standing in the heels,
with her hands locked tightly over her head.  She really wanted to be
fucked, to feel him with her hands and press his body up to hers, and he
didn't seem to be moving too quickly towards fulfilling that need.

He looked incredible.  When she had caught a glimpse of him, she realized he
had gone the biker route as well.  His jeans were tight around his legs and
butt, and he had gotten a pair of big, black motorcycle boots.  He was
wearing a sleeveless Harley Davidson T-shirt, with the big Harley logo with
the Eagle and Snakes on the front.  He had ripped off the sleeves, and his
arm muscles flexed as he moved around the room, and adjusted her bonds.  It
was only his short haircut that didn't fit the image he was trying to
project.  He was still a clean-shaven corporate type, no matter what else he
wore.  But he almost pulled it off.

She had tried to kick him when he had unlocked his boot, more to keep the
fantasy going than in any attempt to do him harm.  She didn't want to hurt
him - she just wanted him.  She was so incredibly turned on, and she could
feel the next orgasm building as he adjusted the bar between her feet.  When
he reached around her, he could feel how hard we was through his jeans as he
pressed himself up against her backside.  She imagined she could feel the
shape of his penis through his jeans as he pressed into her butt.  When he
had locked her boots onto the bar now between her legs, the motion and new
body angles had really set the vibrations inside her going.  The vibrator
felt like it was several inches deeper into her, and was just humming up a
storm down there.  She could feel the pressure building again, and it was
only her concentration on what Chris was doing that was holding it off.

The new position also had taken just that much more slack out of the chains
suspending her to the oak beam.  She was almost balancing on the heels, and
held upright by the chains around her wrists.  She found there was very
little freedom to move - she couldn't seem to get the jiggle motion going -
the tension in the chains and the inability to use her toes to lift her body
completely frustrated her attempts.

He stepped behind her and she felt his hands again on her backside.  He was
softly moving his hands over her, caressing and touching her.  She felt his
lips on the small of her back, and then his kisses as he worked down her
back and to her butt.  His hands found the inside of her thighs, followed
soon by his lips and tongue.  She felt him attack the clasp on the panty on
her right hip, releasing it, and then pushing her panty down her other leg.
His hands and fingers moved inside of her, grasping the vibrator and slowly
sliding it out.

"Ooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," she gasped as it slipped free.

"Ummmmmmmmmmmmmmm oh-my-god-oh-my-god-oh-my-god!" she said as he replaced it
with his fingers and his tongue.  She was about to yell at him to put it
back in as she was soooooo close, but then she felt his lips and tongue
between her legs, felt his tongue on her clitoris.  She could feel him still
holding the vibrator up against her, but she could also feel his lips and
tongue.  She lost track of time as she lost herself in the incredible
feelings coming from between her legs.

She could feel one hand on her buttock, while the other was holding the tip
of the vibrator up against her clitoris.  He had turned it up to high and it
was buzzing at full speed on her extremely sensitive nub.  His tongue and
lips were at work just below it, thrusting inside and out, and kissing up
and down her pussy.  Every twenty or thirty seconds or so he would pull away
and slide the vibrator inside her, and then move it around within her,
hitting just about every nerve ending within her, before pulling it out and
placing his tongue back on her.  Her breasts were throbbing - hell her head
and every other part of her was throbbing from all of this attention.  Her
first orgasm was going to pale in comparison to the one she could feel
coming.

She felt him pull away from her again and was waiting to feel the thrust of
the vibrator, but first she heard the zipping noise of his jeans zipper and
the rustle of fabric, and then she felt something else instead.  He was
nuzzling her with the head of his cock!  Turning her head, she saw that he
had dropped his jeans and released his cock from his briefs, and was now
slowly moving the head up and down, almost but not quite pushing into her.
She tried to push back onto him, to get him inside of her, but still
couldn't get the leverage to move at all.  "Chris!!!!!!" she yelled at him,
"please now!!!!  Put that big cock in me!!!"  She was surprised at her own
use of such explicit words, but right now that didn't matter - one fucking
bit!  She wanted to be fucked and his cock was sooooooo close to her...

And then he pushed inside of her, and she felt the orgasm take her.  As he
filled her up, she felt it break, and she dropped completely, letting her
wrists and the chains take her weight.  She felt his wrists grab her hips
and hold her up, letting her shake and come while he held her up, supporting
her with his hands and his cock wedged deep inside of her.  As she stopped
shaking and the feelings subsided she felt him start to pull out, and then
drive back into her.  He started slowly and then began to pick up the
rhythm, thrusting into her.

His hands held her hips in place, and he drove in and out of her, for
several minutes and then stopped.  He stayed deep inside, and then
slowly-oh-so-slowly-oh-so-goddamned-slowly-what-a-feeling-pulled-out of her.
  It seemed to her that he was hardly moving, but then she felt the tip of
his cock slip out of her.  She felt Chris nuzzle her with the head, rubbing
it up and down her.  He then moved just slightly inside of her, moving just
a bit up and down, teasing her.   She tried to push herself backwards onto
him, but again was foiled by the bondage.  She knew she was moaning
continuously, but didn't care.

And then he started inward again.  Slowly, again so slowly, he inched into
her.   It seemed to her that he was just going deeper and deeper into her,
in a never-ending thrust.  Chris was fairly well-endowed, she thought, at
least based on her limited experiences with men and with what her friends
had shared with her over cocktails and all-night-girls-chat-sessions, but it
just seemed to her that he kept inserting more and more of himself into her.
  She was starting to think that she knew what those stories meant when they
said "he pushed so deep that she could almost taste him". Finally, just as
she was about to scream out, she felt his hips meet her ass.  He held her
there, balancing her, and then began a slight fucking motion.  He would pull
out an inch or so and then back in, repeating this about a dozen times,
slowly, in and out, and began to build his speed.  She could his hear
breathing quicken as he continued fucking her.  His right hand worked its
way around her and found her right breast and nipple, still covered
partially by the leather halter top.

He thrust inside of her again and then stopped once again.  She felt his
hands leave her hips and slide around the front of her chest, grabbing her
breasts with either hand.  He reached up then, moving his hands underneath
her hair to the back of her neck, and she felt his fingers on the clasp of
the neck band of the halter.  He unfastened it and tossed it on the floor in
front of her.  His fingers then reached up and removed the headphones from
where they perched on her head, and they and the walkman joined her halter
top on the floor.

She stood there (sort-of), suspended on his penis, slightly wobbly on her
boot heels.  She looked down at her breasts and her hard nipples, and
watched as his hands reached down to roughly grasp and twist her sensitive
breasts.  She felt like every nerve in her body was screaming, and then
Chris started moving again behind her.

Georgetta could not believe how turned on she was.  She could feel every
move and thrust of Chris inside of her.  She could feel his hands softly
caressing her breasts, and then twisting and pinching her nipples.  She
wanted to turn and run her hands over him, but at the same time she felt
just so incredibly sexy and irresponsible - Chris was doing all the work,
taking all of the effort to satisfy her.  And with her being essentially
helpless in the bonds, she had no guilt at all about letting herself enjoy
the attention.  It was, in a strange way, the ultimate in luxury - she was
being pampered and spoiled.  She'd already had two orgasms (or was that
three?), and was getting a good hard fucking.  She was being spoiled - if
you sort of ignored the fact she was tied up and hanging spread-eagled from
her bedroom ceiling!

She moaned again, louder this time, as Chris continued fondling her breasts.
  "God", she loved to have her breasts played with - they were just so
sensitive.  "ummmmmppppff," she exclaimed,  as he drove into her.  His hands
moved down to her hips and held her steady, and he began slamming in and out
of her.  Deep thrusts inside of her where she could here the slap of their
skin meeting and felt his balls slap-bang against her thighs followed by a
quick pullout and then another deep thrust, and another and another --- and
then suddenly she felt him coming inside of her.  He pulled her backward
onto him, rapidly slamming her up and down as he orgasmed inside of her.
She couldn't take it and exploded again with a third (forth?) orgasm
herself, shaking and screaming.

--------------

Continued in Chapter 6: What would you do with a Passed out Maiden?





Georgetta: The Bet
by The Dolphin (MF rom slow bd)

Part 1: Friday Night
Chapter 6: What would you do with a passed out maiden?

Chris stood there, panting heavily, and felt his pulse slow.  Georgetta was 
quiet, not making a noise.  She was hanging loosely in the chain from the 
ceiling, her weight partially supported by the cuffs and chains on her 
wrists and partially on Chris's prick buried deep inside her.

Slowly, Chris slowed his thrusts from the rapid piston-stroke he had 
climaxed with to a stop, and then slowly eased his softening penis out of 
her.  The head of his rod popped from inside her pussy with a soft popping 
sound.

"Wow," he thought to himself.  That was some orgasm that the two of them had 
just shared.  He walked awkwardly around her, his feet still trapped in his 
jeans and briefs around his ankles, and looked at her face.  Her eyes were 
closed and she was breathing softly.

"Georgetta?" he asked her.  "Georgetta?" he said again softly.  He brought 
his hand up and softly caressed the side of her face.  She didn't stir.  
"She's either faking this or she really did pass out from that last orgasm," 
Chris thought to himself.

He stepped back from her and hobbled over to the bed.  Sitting down, he 
quickly removed his boots, then jeans and briefs.  He reached over to the 
nightstand and pulled several tissues from the box, using them to wipe his 
penis clean.  A quick flick of the wrist sent the tissue in the general 
direction of the wastebasket beside the dresser.

Looking at the suspended form of his passed-out girlfriend, an idea struck 
him.  He leaned back on the bed and grabbed the duffel bag and fished 
through it, quickly finding the set of nipple clamps.  He had originally 
thought of including these in the package he had left on her doorstep, but 
thought that the device might be pushing it a bit.  The vibrator had been a 
major risk as it was, as he hadn't been sure if she would go through with 
even that.  Up until now, their sex life had been pretty straightforward.  
Incredibly good, but other than different types of lingerie, pretty basic.  
The vibrator and the leather and the light bondage had really been a big 
step over that previous line.

He walked over to Georgetta and admired her breasts.  The nipples were still 
erect and upright, resting beautifully atop each of her wonderful firm 
breasts.  He thumbed open the clip on one end of the chain and brought it up 
to her right nipple.  "If she's faking, this should bring about a response" 
he thought.  He closed the clamp around the base of the nipple, expecting a 
sudden shout or movement.  Georgetta remained motionless, with just her soft 
breathing and motion of her chest continuing.

Chris applied the other clamp to her left nipple and stepped back.  The two 
clamps were joined by a gleaming golden chain that perfectly matched the 
golden chain around her waist and neck and the gold hoops in her ears.  He 
said a silent prayer of thanks again that this beautiful woman had somehow 
fallen in love with him.

He found the vibrator on the floor where he had tossed it and turned the 
ring on the bottom to its lowest setting, and then walked behind her.  He 
kneeled down and pressed the buzzing tip of the toy against her lips, 
carefully pressing it against her.  As wet as she was, with both his last 
load of cum and her own juices, it slipped right in, and he had no trouble 
pushing it fully into her until only the end knob protruded from within her.

The panty she had been wearing earlier in the evening was still around one 
leg, and he slid it carefully up her calf and then pulled it up into place 
on her right hip.  He fastened the clasp on her left hip, and centered the 
fabric over the vibrator, pushing it firmly into place.

He stood up and walked back in front of her, appraising his handiwork.  "She 
should be waking up in a moment or two," he thought.  Perhaps I'll have a 
glass of wine while I await her, and walked past her and into the kitchen, 
still naked.

                               * * * * *

A few minutes later, Georgetta opened her eyes and looked around her, 
blearily.  It took her a few minutes to recall what was going on, why her 
hands were above her head and why her feet were starting to hurt.  It took 
her another few minutes to recall what that buzzing feeling was inside her.  
But what really was causing her some puzzlement was why her breasts were 
tingling so much - that is until she looked down and saw the chain and the 
clips on her breasts and nipples.

Georgetta's breasts were incredibly sensitive, and the pressure from the two 
clips, even as small as they were, was pretty intense.  She bit her lip as 
the tightness of the clips combined with the buzzing of the vibrator started 
her on yet another climb up that orgasmic hill.  She turned her head from 
side to side, trying to spot Chris, but saw no sign of him.  His jeans, 
boots, and black Harley Davidson T-shirt were still scattered on the floor 
around her, so she assumed that he was still around.  Even that little bit 
of motion jiggled her breasts, now free of the support of the halter, and 
she felt the tingling sensation in her nipples from the clips fastened on 
them as her breasts swayed.

She had enjoyed the evening up until now, but this was just about too much.  
Time to get Chris in here and stop this, she thought.  "What was the word he 
had written in that letter that would let her stop this?" she thought to 
herself, and then remembered.  "Thunderbird!!!", she cried out.  
"Thunderbird, Thunderbird, Thunderbird already.  
God-damn-fucking-Thunderbird right now!!" she yelled over her shoulder in 
the direction of the bedroom door.

Chris walked in a few seconds later and came around to stand in front of 
her.  "Hi honey," he said.  "Did you say something to me?  He asked, smiling 
all the time.  He was naked in front of her, holding two glasses of wine.  
She couldn't help but look down at him to see that he was semi-aroused 
already.

Georgetta took a deep breath, and then as clearly and calmly as she could, 
Georgetta said to him, "I said Thunderbird - time to take a break from 
this."  She was surprised at herself for saying "break" and not "end".  
"Could I really be enjoying this that much?" she thought to herself.  And 
then she felt another twinge from that part of her body that was refusing to 
listen to her logical thought.  A protest from the sexual animal inside of 
her that was responding to the feelings the vibrator was engendering inside 
her, that was causing little waves of pleasure to ripple from inside her 
pussy up through her stomach and to her breasts and nipples.

Chris lifted one of the glasses upwards, bringing it into contact with her 
right nipple.  The coldness of the glass coupled with the physical bump 
surprised her, and she jerked away.  Her nipple twinged inside the metal 
clip, and sent a spasm of pleasure and pain through her breast. She felt 
like her nipples were connected directly to the nerves inside her pussy, and 
that both sets of nerve endings went directly to the pleasure center in her 
brain.

She took another breath and decided to try a different angle.  Switching to 
her sexiest and most sensual voice she could muster up, she said to him, 
"Let me out of this and I'll give you the fucking of your life!"  She 
realized that she indeed meant it too.  She was incredibly turned on, and 
wanted to feel his prick buried deep inside of her again.

"You realize that I could just keep you tied up all night and continue 
fucking you as much as I wanted to, don't you?" he said to her, and took 
another sip of the wine.  "I won the bet right, and that means I get to do 
with you as I wish for the night!"

As Georgetta started to reply, Chris bought the wineglass that was near her 
right breast up to her mouth and tipped it to her slightly, allowing her to 
take a few sips.  The wine was cold and refreshing, and she leaned forward 
to take another gulp, letting her initial response of "fuck you, you prick!" 
fade away while she debated how to best respond.  If he really did decide to 
leave her tied up, well she was pretty much stuck.  On the other hand, when 
was the last time she had four or more orgasms in such a short time?  He was 
still staring into her eyes, watching for her response as she finished her 
sips of wine.

Before she could respond though, he turned away from her then and walked 
over to set the glasses down on her dresser.  Despite herself, she found 
herself admiring him as he moved, the muscles of his body rippling as he 
walked across the room, picked up the duffel bag, and then back to her.  His 
penis was still semi-limp, but showing signs of regaining its proper size, 
swinging as he moved across the room.

"Alright - I'll continue," she finally replied, as he stopped in front of 
her.  "Now what are we to do?" she asked him.  "Are you going to leave this 
thing inside me all night long?"

He didn't respond, and then she was horrified to see him pull a camera out 
of the duffel bag.

"You're not going to take pictures of me like this!" she yelled at him.

He brought the camera up, and "snap" went the flash.  She heard the whirring 
motion as the Polaroid spit out the first picture.

"I have five packs of film too," he told her.  She started to yell back at 
him when "snap" went the camera again, blinding her with the flash.  Another 
bondage picture came out of the front of the camera.  She blearily made out 
the shape of him moving around to her side, and then the flash went off 
again.  A second later, another shot was taken from her back, and then 
another.

She felt his hands then on her ass, and then on her panty, pulling at the 
fabric.  It felt like he was tugging her panty off, and then she felt the 
vibrator slowly begin to slide out from inside of her.  She tried to clench 
her muscles around the sex toy to keep it inside her, but found that it was 
still sliding out.  Then "flash" went the camera again.

"I wanted a shot of you with the vibrator partway inside of you.  You look 
so incredibly sexy, Georgetta," she heard him say from behind her.  Then she 
moaned as his hands came up and grasped the vibrator, pushing it back into 
her.  She felt him readjusting her panty, and then his hands moved away from 
her.

He walked back in front of her, looking at the slowly developing images on 
the Polaroid prints.  He held the first one up to her, and despite herself 
she looked at the image of the bound brunette captured there.  She saw the 
picture of herself, her look of surprise, the reflection of the flash in her 
eyes and off of her jewelry, including the chain between her nipples.  Both 
of her nipples showed dark and red on the image, and she looked down at her 
breasts, realizing that the camera had accurately caught the color.  He 
showed her the other images, one after the other, each displaying her face 
and body in the bondage.  A head and chest shot of her bare breasts and the 
nipple clips.  A side shot clearly showing her erect nipples.  A rear shot 
showing her legs held spread-eagled by the bar between her legs, her legs in 
the stockings and her ass framed by the garters, the thin strip of the panty 
between the cheeks of her ass.  The image of the vibrator halfway inside her 
pussy.  All shots that showed a clearly-turned on but bound girl ready for 
more.  She knew that she looked pretty incredible, even if she did look like 
she had just been fucked.  She also made a mental note to be sure to get 
those pictures away from him before the night was through.

He kneeled down and took another shot of her, this time focusing on the 
front of her panties, and then stood back up.  "Well, enough photography for 
now," and walked across the room, setting the pictures and camera down on 
the nightstand.

"Now what are you going to do to me?" she asked him as he walked back over 
to her.

He didn't reply but instead dropped to one knee in front of her.  Standing 
like she was with her legs still spread apart by the bar attached to her 
ankles, she felt completely exposed to him, even though she knew he had 
placed the panty back around her.  She felt his hands reach up and undo the 
catch on the side of the panty, and then slide it down her other leg.  He 
reached up to grab the vibrator, but it seemed to her that his fingers were 
suddenly clumsy, as he twirled and twisted the end several times inside her 
before grasping the end with one hand.  She closed her eyes, moaning loudly 
and not caring at all.  She felt like her body was betraying her, refusing 
to answer to her direction and commands.  All she could think about was how 
incredible the feelings in her breasts and pussy felt at that moment.

"That's not f-f-f-f-fair," she stuttered in response.

And then she felt him withdraw the vibrator from inside her.  She opened her 
eyes and looked down to see him twist the knob at the bottom and turn it 
off, setting it down on the milk crate next to her boot.  She sighed softly, 
and he grinned up at her.  He stood up and brought his hands up behind her 
neck, and she could feel him fumble with the clasp on the necklace.  She 
could feel him pressing against her slightly, his chest against her breasts 
and nipples, his penis rubbing against her.  Her hips moved, involuntarily 
she thought, trying to press herself against his rod.  She smiled innocently 
at him.

He brought his hands down holding an end of the necklace in either hand, and 
took the silver keys from the chain.  He kneeled down between her legs and 
unfastened the bar from her left ankle, and then turned and did the same to 
her right.  An idea struck her as she was watching him unlock her legs, and 
she turned her wrists and hands inward, securely grabbing hold of each end 
of the chain attached to her wrists.  After he unlocked her right ankle, 
freeing her legs and started to get up, she pulled down on the chain and 
swing her legs out around his head, and pulled his face directly into her 
pussy.  She locked her booted ankles behind his head and rested her thighs 
on either shoulder, positioning her throbbing and very wet pussy directly in 
front of his lips and tongue.

Chris brought his hands up and grasped either of her butt cheeks in each 
hand, and she felt him momentarily stagger beneath her as he found his 
balance.  She tried to pull down on the chains harder to lift her weight off 
of him, and then felt him regain his balance.  He shifted her on his hands, 
taking more of her weight, and she shifted as well, letting some of the 
stress on her wrists relax.

She felt his tongue between her legs and then pressing between her lips to 
lick fiercely at her clitoris.  She rolled her head back and closed her 
eyes, and a moan of pure lust escaped from her lips.  "Oh-my God, Oh-my-God, 
Ooh-my-god" she screamed out as Chris worked his tongue up and down over her 
lips and clitoris, tongue fucking her and then teasing her.  She felt the 
rush and brought her legs up and around his head, locking him between her 
thighs and letting her weight rest on his shoulders as the orgasm took her.  
"Oh-my-gooooooodddddddd! She screamed, letting the word slowly escape from 
her lips as Chris's magical tongue kept up its pressure on her tender 
clitoris.

Slowly, Chris stopped the tonguing action between her legs, and she felt his 
hands slowly prying her thighs apart from around his head.  He guided each 
of her booted feet carefully back to the floor and then stood up in front of 
her.

"I know you really enjoyed that, but you were cutting off my oxygen down 
there, m'love" he said to her.  He brought his hands up to softly caress her 
breasts and brought his lips to hers in a kiss.  She kissed him back, 
strongly and fiercely, tasting herself on his lips and tongue.  Their 
tongues exchanged jabs and thrusts.  Then she felt his thumbs pass over her 
nipples and tug slightly on the chain, which sent waves through her aching 
nipples, and kissed him harder.

"That wasn't part of my plan!" he said to her, but his smile let her know 
that he had enjoyed her bit of rebellion as well.  Another idea struck her, 
and she wondered if he would finish untying her.  She licked her lips 
suggestively, and asked him "Won't you finish untying me, stud?"  She tried 
to smile at him with her most winsome, "gee-aren't-I-so 
gorgeous-and-wonderful-and every-man-does-anything-I-ask look."  She had 
successfully used that patented look on him and it always succeeded in 
getting him to do what she wanted.  A flutter or two of her eyelashes 
finished setting the hook.

He stepped away and bent over to the floor, picking up the keys where they 
had fallen from his hands.  He stepped up and raised the keys to her wrists, 
unlocking one end of the chain from the cuff on her right wrist.  He let 
that end of the chain go and carefully brought both of her arms down.  The 
chain still attached to her left wrist started to slide through the rings in 
the beam on the ceiling, and he caught one end of the chain and then 
unfastened the clasp from that wrist as well.  She brought both her arms 
down around his shoulders and pulled him to her for another series of 
passionate kisses.

Suddenly she gave him a hard shove.  Slightly off balance, he fell backwards 
onto the bed behind him to look up at her.

"You god-damned-son-of-a-bitch!" she yelled at him.  She took the two steps 
to the side of the bed to stand in front of him, and placed her hands on her 
hips, trying her best to look mad and intimidating.  "You asshole!!!!" she 
screamed at him  (although it took every ounce of control she had not to 
immediately jump on him and kiss him for hours)

Chris moved slightly back away from her, scrambling backwards on the bed.  
His face showed a look of confusion.  She glanced into the mirror beside the 
bed above the table and caught a glimpse of herself.  Her hair was 
disheveled and askew.  Her breasts were red and heaving, the nipples erect, 
and the chain between her nipples was gleaming in the lights from beside her 
bed.  The black stockings were still somehow around her thighs.  She looked 
incredibly sexy, and she knew it.  She realized again that the pictures had 
captured her pretty well!

She stepped up carefully onto the bed, balancing carefully on the heels as 
the mattress gave slightly beneath each booted foot, again ignoring the 
messages her body was sending to her brain, and stood above him, glowering 
down at him.  He lay on the bed, reclining backwards, resting his upper body 
on his elbows as he looked up at her.  There was uncertainty on his face, 
not quite sure what she was saying and meaning, much less about what she was 
about to do to him.  She knew he was confused.  His cock, however, had no 
such confusion - it was standing straight up in the air, pointing up at her.

She stood with a booted foot on either side of him.  She brought the toe of 
her right boot up and nudged his dick with the tip.  "What is this, you 
piece of shit?  You expect to fuck me after what you did to me this 
evening?"

He looked down at her toe as it pressed against the tip of his dick.  She 
was enjoying this, watching him slightly afraid of her.  But enough was 
enough, she thought to herself.  She moved her foot away from his dick, and 
stepped beside his hip, placing her feet squarely on either side of his 
hips.  Suddenly, she sat down, carefully grabbing his penis and impaling 
herself onto it, guiding it smoothly into her wet pussy.  Her knees dropped 
to either side of his chest, and she let herself drop completely onto him.

The sudden feeling of him penetrating deep into her was incredible.  She 
leaned her head back and yelled at the ceiling in pleasure.  She tilted her 
head back down and looked at him, and then leaned forward and kissed him 
hard on the lips.  She dropped her arms to his chest and pushed upwards, 
lifting herself off of his penis only to let herself plunge back down, 
sinking him even deeper inside of her.  She started moving on top of him, 
slowly and deliberately fucking him, lifting herself up and then back down 
onto him.  He slowly recovered from his surprise and begin moving his hips 
to her rhythm, meeting her stroke for stroke.  His hands grasped her waist 
and lifted her slightly before allowing her to thrust into her depths again.

She watched him glance over to the nightstand and saw what he was looking at 
- the Polaroid camera.  He reached over with one hand and grabbed it, and 
then brought it back to his chest and aimed it at her.  She smiled as 
seductively as she could as he snapped the picture, the flash momentarily 
blinding her.  She pushed herself up off of his cock until only the tip of 
his rod was inside of her, and he aimed the camera at there they were joined 
and snapped another one.  She slowly slid down onto him again, forgetting 
the camera, and heard the click-whirr as the camera took another image.  
Then she saw him set the camera down on the bed.

His hands came up then and grabbed either breast.  She felt his fingers go 
to her left breast and grab the nipple clamp.  He thumbed the release and 
she gasped as the blood rushed back into her swollen nipple.  She stopped 
moving and stayed there, hung on his penis inside her as the feelings in her 
pussy rushed through her body and up to her breast.  She felt like every 
sexual impulse in her entire body was linked somehow to the tip of her left 
nipple, screaming in agony and release as she felt feeling restored to the 
breast.  He brought his head forward and kissed the breast, softly licking 
and caressing the nipple and aureole.

He brought his hands over to her other breast, but to her surprise she 
reached up and stopped him.  She grabbed his fingers and lifted them to her 
lips and kissed them.  "Leave it," she said to him.  "I'm not sure I 
can...stand...it...if you release...that...one...too..." she gasped to him, 
the words coming quickly and breathlessly from her lips.   'God it hurt,' 
she thought, 'but it also felt good, in a weird kind of way.'

She dropped her hands to either of his shoulders and pushed up, slowly 
lifting herself off him again.  She settled into a rocking motion, lifting 
and dropping herself to a sensuous rhythm.  He watched, amazement on his 
face as she fucked him back and forth.  Every few seconds, she would slow 
down and then contract her vaginal muscles, giving his cock a friendly 
squeeze.  She knew he loved this.  She watched his face and could see that 
he was getting close.

She stopped her movement and carefully brought first one heel up next to his 
hip, and then the other.  She reached up above him and grabbed hold of the 
headboard with both hands.  Flexing her thigh muscles and pulling on the 
headboard, she lifted off of his prick almost entirely and then slowly 
lowered herself back onto him.  He knew what she was doing and used his 
hands to support her thighs and butt, and together they started the motion.  
This was their favorite position, as it was incredibly stimulating for both 
of them, but she knew that neither of them would last for too long doing 
this.  This opened her up to him, and she felt him thrust deep inside of her 
as she lowered herself onto his prick, felt the head of his dick reach her 
cervix and press against her insides.  Then back up and off of him in order 
to enjoy the next downwards stroke.

Quite suddenly, she realized that the free end of the nipple clips had 
caught on the sheet, and as she lifted off of his prick, it tugged down hard 
on her breast, and she screamed as it then quickly slipped from the sheet, 
freeing her breast.   "Yeeeeeoooowwwwww!" she mewed at him, but quickly 
moved to stop his hand when he reached towards her breast to remove the 
clamp.  "Leave it just a little longer, I think," she told him, gasping out 
the words, blinking at the momentary tears in her eyes.

She locked eyes with him and then looked down to watch his penis disappear 
inside of her, and increased the up-and-down motion.  With her feet on 
either side of his hips, her thigh, calf, and most importantly, her pussy 
muscles were stretched taut, resulting in a very tight grip around his 
penis.  She could feel every tiny movement as she lifted up off of him and 
then pushed herself back down.  She knew the incredible tightness was a 
major stimulant for him as well.

After eight or ten up-and-down movements, she flexed her muscles inside 
around his shaft, and then plunged down on him, driving him deep into her.  
This was too much for him, and she watched and heard him cry out as he 
exploded inside her.  She could feel the liquid gushing inside as she rocked 
back and forth on his hard shaft.  She lifted up off him one last time and 
then dropped quickly onto him, again driving him deep inside, and she came 
as well.  The strength in her legs gave out, and she felt him lifting her 
slightly up and down using just his arm muscles, continuing the thrusting 
sensations.  Finally, he stopped lifting her and she collapsed forward on 
top of him, her hair covering his face and neck.

He looked up at her and said to her "Thunderbird".  She collapsed in giggles 
on his chest.  She could feel the small tears in her eyes as she looked up 
at him and smiled.  "Payback is a bitch, you realize..."

Chris looked up at her and smiled, and kissed her.

--------------

Continued in Part II which continues this story on Sunday morning with
Chapter 7: Morning Experiment





Georgetta: The Bet Part II
by The Dolphin (MF rom slow)

The Bet Part II: Saturday Morning
Chapter 7:  Morning Experiment
Copyright 2000 The Dolphin31p@hotmail.com

Georgetta rolled over and looked at the clock.  '8:30' glared the numbers on
the digital dial.  She leaned her head back into the pillow and then glanced
over at Chris sleeping beside her.  His chest rose and fell softly with his
breathing, deep and heavy.  He was a very heavy sleeper - he'd sleep the
morning away if she let him.

She closed her eyes and thought again about the events of the prior evening.
  Her hand idly wandered down her belly to her pussy.  She touched the
tender lips softly.  She was actually a little sore.  "How many times did I
come last night?" she thought to herself.  "Five?  Six? - good God was it
actually seven?"  It wasn't totally her fault that she had lost count.
Still, it was an awful lot more than she came in a normal weekend for them.
And it was only Saturday morning!  As her fingers continued their soft
caress, she realized she was still pretty horny.

She sat up slightly and looked around the room.  Chris' jeans, Harley shirt,
and boots were scattered around the room.  She spotted pieces of her leather
outfit cast around at different places too - a stocking over a chair, her
miniskirt and halter across the room.  And of course the chain hanging from
the two loops from the oaken beam running across the room.  She knew she'd
never wake up and look at the beam the same way again.  She looked around
again - there it was - just over on the floor to the side of the bed near
the milk crate.

She folded the covers back and carefully got up out of the bed.  Chris
didn't even move.  She crossed the floor barefoot and picked up the vibrator
where Chris had tossed it last evening.  She walked into the bathroom and
ran it under the water from the sink, and then dried the toy off with the
hand towel.  She quickly used the toilet, washed her face and brushed her
teeth.  Her free hand toyed with the vibrator idly as she finished brushing.

"Hmmm, I wonder," she thought to herself.  She set the toy down on the
vanity and walked back out into the bedroom.  Chris's duffel bag was on the
floor next to the bed, and she picked it up and walked back into the
bathroom.  She pushed the door shut, locked the knob, set the bag on the
sink, and looked inside.  The box for the vibrator was inside.  The price
tag was still on it in fact - $84.99.  "Wow" she thought to herself.  "Worth
every cent," she thought again.

She looked quickly through the other items in the duffel bag.  Other than
the box for the vibrator, Chris had several more lengths of chains, each
with locks on each end.  She pulled out another pair of black leather cuffs,
similar to the ones she had worn last night.  She pulled these out and
looked at the tag - Ankle Cuffs.  She examined these for a minute.  The
insides were softly padded, but each cuff had its own little lock on the
fastener.  She put those back inside the bag.

A magazine was wedged underneath some of the gear, and she pulled it out and
read the cover.  It was a sex paraphernalia catalog, and not a magazine as
she had first thought.   She set it aside and kept looking through the bag.
Another black leather band came out, studded with silver studs.  The tag on
this one indicated "Neck Collar".  She tossed it back inside.  Digging
further revealed a spare set of briefs for him and another black T-shirt.
The last item was a small fabric bag, which, when she opened it, revealed a
pair of silver handcuffs and keys.  She opened up one of the cuffs and then
clicked it close it on her left wrist, click-click-clicking it further until
it was tight around her wrist.  She shook the cuff and chain, listening to
the jingle it made.  She unlocked the cuff, and placed the cuffs and the
keys back into their bag and set them back inside the duffel.

She set the bag back on the sink and picked up the box for the vibrator.
The printing on the box advertised it as the Ultimate Teaser Vibrator.
"Aptly named," she agreed.

The directions for the toy were inside, a small scrap of paper printed on
both sides, along with a spare set of AA batteries.  She read through the
directions.  They explained the five settings on the toy.  Chris had made
her set it to Setting #2, which was the short-span off and on.  The sex toy,
in this setting, would turn on for a six minute period, and then switch to a
three-minute-on and a two-minute-off cycle.  Setting three was a fixed
two-on and two-off setting.  Setting #1 was a low speed, and Setting #4 was
a medium speed, and setting #5 the high speed.  The directions also
described the remote control for the unit, which could override any of the
settings other than low.

She turned the vibrator onto the low setting and felt its buzz between her
hands.  She brought it up to her right breast and held it softly there
against the nipple and aureole.  Her nipple slowly stiffened and tightened,
standing up to receive the attention of the silver vibrator.  She brought
the vibrator over to her left breast and brought that nipple erect as well.

Feeling hornier, she moved the vibrator down and touched it up against
herself between her thighs, feeling its throbbing nose push up against the
top of her pussy.  Slowly, she moved it up and down the outside of her
pussy.  She felt her own juices seep out slightly, and then felt a slight
trickle down her inner thigh.  She brought her other hand up, and slowly
inserted her first finger inside her, pressing softly.  She paused for a
second and turned the vibrator up to its medium setting.  She placed her
finger back inside and started pressing it up and in against her soft flesh.
  She adjusted the angle of the vibrator and placed its tip hard against her
clitoris.  She turned and leaned back against the bathroom vanity, spreading
her legs slightly to allow easier access to her pussy.  Her head rolled back
and she shut her eyes, enjoying the feelings of her fingers and the
vibrator.

She pulled her fingers from inside her and brought her left hand up to
caress her breasts.  She squeezed her nipples between her forefingers and
thumbs, alternating from breast to breast.  Her right hand slid the vibrator
up and down the lips of her pussy, rubbing against the sensitive nub of her
clitoris.

She dropped the tip of the vibrator  down and pushed its nose inside of her.
  It easily entered her, and she pushed it in deeper until only the bottom
portion where the control knob was remained in her fingertips.  She slowly
started working it in and out of her, pulling it completely out and holding
it against her clitoris for several seconds after every fourth or fifth
thrust.  She stopped for another second to move the setting to high, and
then pushed it back inside of her.  She twisted her nipple with her left
hand, pumped the vibrator in and out with right, and, still somewhat aroused
from the night before, felt the orgasm wash over her.

"Mmmmmpppf-aaaaargggmmm---mmmmmmmppppphhhpp" slipped out of her lips before
she remembered Chris in the other room and tried to keep her mouth closed.
She had to pull the vibrator away, as her clitoris and pussy were suddenly
too tender and sensitive to be touched.  Slowly, she calmed down, slowly
reducing the speed of her thrusts of the vibrator inside her now very wet
pussy.  As the throbbing in her head and body subsided slightly, she
withdrew the silver toy from inside and brought it up to her lips, and
impulsively licking some of the liquid on its silver surface.  She thought
she could taste both her own juice and maybe even some of Chris's as well.
"Hmmmm - and how many times did HE come inside of me" she thought.  Another
voice inside her head told her that she had just orgasmed for her seventh or
eighth h time of the weekend.

She turned the vibrator off and set it down on the sink.  She picked up the
facecloth and ran it under some warm water from the sink.  She carefully
washed her face and neck, and then softly washed off either breast.  She
worked the cloth down her chest and across her tummy, before moving it
between her legs and thighs.  She rubbed the cloth up and down between her
legs, even poking a small bit of it inside, cleaning up the remaining juices
from her little morning interlude.

She picked up her brush and ran it through her hair carefully.  She really
needed to wash it she thought, working out a snarl from one side.  She
brushed her hair for several minutes, and managed to restore a bit of bounce
and shape to her dark mass of curls.

She set the brush down and then picked up and rinsed off the vibrator, again
drying it on the hand towel.  She set it back down and then turned and
walked into the bedroom.  She walked over to her dresser and pulled out a
pair of white panties, sliding them over her legs and pulling them into
place.  A pair of gym shorts and a sweatshirt from the closet finished her
attire.  She decided to leave Chris sleeping and see about getting some
breakfast.  She wasn't too sure she could handle another orgasm right now,
and Chris always woke up in a horny mood on Saturday mornings.

She ducked under the chains hanging from the beam and walked into the
kitchen.  Opening the refrigerator, she pulled out the orange juice and
poured herself a glass.  She set it down on the kitchen table and sat in the
chair.  She took a sip and sat there, reflecting on the events of the last
12 hours or so.  She was still slightly amazed at herself for using the
vibrator like that in the bathroom.  Up until last night she had never even
seen one - now she had casually used it to get herself off like it was an
old friend.

She took another sip of the juice.  She remembered the catalog that Chris
had in his duffel bag, and she got up and walked back through the bedroom
and into the bathroom.  She picked up the duffel, grabbed the vibrator, and
walked back into the kitchen.  She set the bag down on the table and fished
out the catalog, and spread it open on the kitchen table.

It certainly wasn't at all like the Victoria Secret Catalogs she got every
two weeks or so.  The catalog contained all kinds of sexual paraphernalia.
There were post-it notes in the catalog at certain places, and she
recognized the vibrator, the halter-top, the stockings, the wrist and ankle
cuffs, the neck collar, the chains and locks, and the "spreader bar".  "A
spreader bar," she thought to herself.  "Seems like an accurate enough
name," she thought, remembering how Chris had used it on her last night to
spread her legs before he fucked her.

Many of the items in the catalog surprised her though.  Vibrators of all
shapes and sizes stood out from the pages.   One female model was wearing
her halter-top, but was wearing some type of leather panties-device that had
one of the vibrators attached to it where a penis would be on a man!  She
was amazed at the sizes of some of the sexual toys - 2-foot vibrators for
example.  How could anyone possibly use something that size?  She glanced up
at the silver one next to her on the table.  It was about six inches or so
long and maybe an inch in diameter, and it certainly filled her up!  Of
course, she was more petite than some of the amazon-sized brunettes and
blondes depicted in the catalog.  Could someone actually use something that
size?

One picture caught her attention.  It was a dark-haired woman bent over face
down on a table, with her legs spread apart by a spreader bar.  Her legs
were fasted to the legs of the table, while her breasts were flat against
the tabletop and her arms attached to the legs on the other side of the
table.  Another woman stood beside her, dressed in a similar lingerie
outfit, but with the leather panty with the vibrator-penis.  She looked at
the picture for a minute, an idea forming in her mind.  "What's happening to
me?" she thought.  What kind of sex addict am I becoming?

She pushed the chair back and looked at her own kitchen table appraisingly.
She moved the juice glass out of the way, and walked up next to the table.
It was more of a breakfast bar than a kitchen table - she and Chris had
found it at an antique show and she had fallen in love with it.  The table
was a long rectangle, longer than it was wide.  The top of the table was two
feet wide by about six feet long.  She had bought it that day and put her
old table into storage.  There were two legs each on the narrow sides, and a
crosspiece between each pair of legs.

She pressed her thighs up against the side of the table and bent over it,
pressing her stomach and breasts against the tabletop, imitating the
brunette in the picture of the bondage catalog.  Her head and shoulders were
off the other side of the table and she hung her arms down.  She looked at
the legs for the table and the cross pieces on the legs for support on
either end of the table, and made up her mind.

She stood up, pushing herself up from the tabletop, and glanced at the
picture in the catalog again.

"Won't he be surprised?" she thought, and finished her glass of juice.

--------------

Continued in Chapter 8: Morning Fantasy





Georgetta: The Bet Part II
by The Dolphin (MF rom slow bd)

The Bet Part II: Saturday Morning
Chapter 8:  Morning Fantasy
Copyright 2000 The Dolphin31p@hotmail.com

She looked at the pile of gear on the table in front of her.  She picked up
each of the pieces of bondage gear and set it on tabletop near where it
would be used.  The ankle cuffs, spreader bar, and two short pieces of chain
went on the floor beneath her.  The nipple clamps, vibrator, blindfold,
studded collar, and Discman she set on the table in front of her, and the
longer chain, leather wrist cuffs, and handcuffs went on the opposite side
of the table.

She had decided to try to tie herself to the table like the girl in the
bondage catalog.  She bent down in front of the near side of the table, and
set her two boots down on the floor.  She wasn't going to wear them this
time, but she needed to measure the lengths of the chains correctly.  She
placed the spreader bar between the two boots.  Then she attached one end of
a chain to the right boot, and then took the other end and wrapped it around
the two crosspieces of the right leg to the table.  She left herself about
an inch or so of slack, and then locked the end of the chain at the table
leg to itself.  She repeated the step with the left boot and its chain.
Then she unlocked the two chains from the boots, removed the spreader bar,
and set the two boots off to the side.

Her hands were the hard part.  How could she get her hands securely bound to
the legs on the other side of the table, and yet still not be able to either
move off of the table, or somehow release her hands?   She had realized that
one of the elements that had contributed to her high level of sexual
satisfaction the previous evening had been the incredible level of teasing
she had had to put up with prior to her first orgasm.  That had further been
heightened by her inability to get loose and finish the orgasm.  If she
weren't able to duplicate that situation, the entire effort wouldn't be
quite as much fun (for her anyway - she had a pretty good idea what Chris'
opinion of her attempt here would be).

She placed the two wrist cuffs on her wrists and then leaned over the table
and let her arms hang down, looking at the two table legs, the crosspieces,
and her wrists.  She figured she could lock her wrists together easily
enough, but how to lock them in place to something that she couldn't then
get free from?  She leaned back from the table and saw the handcuffs, and an
idea clicked in her mind as to how she would do it.  She walked around the
table and attached one of the longer lengths of chain from one of the table
legs to the other, and locked the clasp to pull the chain tight.  This
created a chain crosspiece from one end of the table leg to the other.

As she stood up the studded collar caught her eye.  She realized that the
collar also had several circular rings attached to it at various points.  No
longer as innocent as she was last night, she knew that the people who made
this bondage stuff put those rings there for a reason.  She picked up the
catalog and flipped through the pages until she found a picture of one of
the models wearing one of the collars.  The model was tied into a kneeling
position, and a chain attached to one of the rings on the collar led down
and attached to a set of handcuffs holding her arms behind her back, and
then down to the ankle cuffs between the model's feet.

"I can do better than that," she thought to herself.  She picked up the
duffel and found the last chain that Chris had brought with him, a piece
about three feet long, again with fasteners at both ends.  She took the
chain and attached one of the locks to the ring on the front of the studded
collar, and then set the collar back down on the tabletop.

Satisfied that her bondage gear was ready, she walked over to the sofa where
she had set out her attire.  She had seriously considered putting on the
black leather items she had worn the night before - there was something
about this whole bondage thing that just seemed to scream out for black
attire.  She thought that perhaps she would make a slight change though,
from a "bad girl" to a "good girl".  Accordingly, the outfit she planned to
wear was all white.  "Innocent," she thought.

She sat down on the sofa, and picked up the first white stocking.  She slid
it up over her toes and pulled it up to her thigh.  She repeated this with
the second stocking and leg.  She stood up and quickly dropped her gym
shorts and panties.  She lifted up the bottom of the sweatshirt and fastened
the white garter belt into place around her hips.  A few minutes of fiddling
with the garter clips and she had them attached to the stocking tops.  The
white stockings and garter belt had been, of course, one of Chris' earlier
gifts to her - last Christmas, if she remembered correctly.  Men always
seemed to give her lingerie, she thought as she continued fixing the
garters.  "although just who were they giving the gift to?" she mused.

She picked up the panty next.  Not quite as decadent as the black leather
one, she thought, but just as suggestive.  It had two tiny red bows on
either hip that could be untied to remove the entire garment.  She stepped
into it and pulled it up, setting the two bows on each hip, just below the
garter belt.  Like the one from last night, it really showed more than it
hid, but that was the whole point of lingerie, wasn't it?

Two white lace opera gloves were the next item, and she pulled each one on
either hand.  A loop went over each middle finger, and then the glove itself
went several inches up her forearm.

"Oops," she thought suddenly,  "I forgot to set the alarm for Chris!"  She
walked quietly over to the bedroom door and peered in.  Chris was still
sleeping soundly, and she tiptoed in and over to the nightstand near his
head.  The clock read 9:20, and she quickly set the alarm for 10:00.  She
figured that would be enough time to finish getting dressed and into the
bondage, as well as allow for a nice bit of teasing before he came to her
'rescue'.  She turned up the volume on the buzzer and then set the clock
back down, and returned to the living room.

She pulled the sweatshirt off over her head and tossed it on the sofa, and
then picked up the camisole.  It was a tiny white camisole that she had just
got in the mail the other day from her Victoria's Secret catalog.  In little
red lettering on the front it read "Naughty Angel", which was very
appropriate for what she was doing.  She raised her arms and pulled it on
over her head, but left the top bunched up above her breasts.  She walked
back over to the kitchen table and picked up the nipple clamps.

She still wasn't 100% sold on the nipple clips - her breast was still sore
from when the end of the chain had gotten caught on that sheet when she and
Chris were fucking.  But, she had decided to go ahead and use them again.
The feelings that had gone through her breasts when she had released each
clamp from her nipples had sent the most incredible rush to her pussy, and
she wanted to feel it again.  She picked up the vibrator and turned it on
low, and brought the toy up to her left breast, holding it against her
nipple.  She squeezed the nipple between her thumb and forefinger and rubbed
the vibrator around the tip of her breast.  The nipple quickly hardened, and
she repeated this with the other breast.

Setting the vibrator down and turning it off, she used both hands to caress
and squeeze her nipples.  She brought each nipple up to her mouth and kissed
and sucked each one for a moment or two.  "Mmmmmmm," she murmered, enjoying
the sensations of her breasts being caressed.  She truly loved having her
breasts caressed and touched.  She thought of the smaller orgasms she had
had in the past just from the right amount of attention being paid to her
two breasts.

She picked up the nipple clamps, opened up the left one, and carefully
closed it over her left nipple.

She immediately clamped her mouth shut to stifle the scream that she wanted
to make.  "OW -that hurts!!" she thought to herself.  The clamp bit softly
into the delicate flesh of he nipple, holding it and squeezing it.  She bit
her lower lip and waited until the pain subsided slightly, blinking several
times to clear the momentary tears from her eyes.   She realized that Chris
had to have put them on her the previous night when she lost consciousness
for those few minutes he had described to her.   She hadn't believed him
that she had passed out at first, but having just felt the little bite of
the nipple clamp, she realized he had been telling the truth and she had
lost consciousness from the orgasms.  She would have remembered that
feeling!!

Steeling herself, she opened the other clamp and attached it to the other
nipple, again biting her lip as it clamped down.  After several moments that
roar from her breasts died down to a more palpable throbbing.  She
cautiously touched one of her nipples, which were now a fiery red color, and
felt her knees weaken at the touch.  Her already very sensitive nipples felt
like they were ten times more sensitive with the clamps on!!  Another touch
or two would bring on an orgasm right there, she thought!

She reached above her breasts and carefully pulled the camisole down over
her breasts, and settled it around her stomach.  It was shown in the catalog
as being rather a tight fit on Naomi Campbell when she modeled the item, and
the cami was tight on her as well.  Her well-rounded breasts filled the
camisole every bit as well as Ms. Campbell's (if she did think so herself),
and the tight cotton fabric pressed her breasts together, up and outwards.
It also pushed down on the clamps on her nipples, and she stood there
momentarily recovering from and enjoying the sensations in her breasts,

She walked over to the hall mirror and carefully brushed her hair.  She
pulled the long strands into two ponytails, one on either side of her head,
and tied a white ribbon around each ponytail.  She applied a little bit of
make-up, and selected a light pink lipstick.  She was trying for an innocent
look, so she applied the makeup sparsely.  She fastened her Mickey Mouse
earrings into her ears, and then the golden chain around her waist.  She
bent over and added the ankle bracelet around the right ankle for luck.
Satisfied, she blew a kiss at the face reflected in the mirror.  She looked
down at her breasts and realized that her nipples were protruding out from
the white camisole, and that even more, she could clearly make out the
shapes of the clamps on either nipple.

"They must airbrush Naomi's nipples out of those Victoria Secret pictures,"
she said to herself.

Smiling, she walked over to the kitchen table.  She stepped into the white
heels and leaned down to tighten the straps.  These were a dress set of
heels that she had purchased for a wedding last summer.  They were four
inches high, which was way too high to dance in, but they were actually
pretty comfortable for heels, and she really loved them.  Plus, the looks
she got from the guys (and, she recalled, more than a few girls!) when she
wore them!  They were mostly strips of white leather that wound fashionably
around her toes and instep, and fastened with a 1/4 inch strap around her
ankle.  She took a practice walk around the kitchen table, re-learning how
to walk and balance on the spiked heels.

Standing at her selected place, she bent down and picked up the first ankle
cuff.  She carefully fastened it around her left ankle, tightening the
straps and closing the buckle.  She repeated this with the right ankle, just
above the white leather straps on her heels.  She looked again at the
equipment on the table top, checked to make sure everything she needed was
there, and continued.  She fastened one end of the spreader bar to the ring
on the inside of her left ankle, and then spread her legs apart, allowing
her to attach the other end of the bar to the inside of the cuff on her
right ankle.  She made sure she was centered on the table, and then took the
chain ends she had attached to the legs at either end of the table and
locked them to the outside of the ankle cuffs on each leg.  The first step
was completed.  Her ankles were locked to the spreader bar, and then each
ankle locked to the table legs to either side.  So far so good!

She looked at the clock - it showed about twenty-two minutes to ten.  She
wanted to be in her bonds and shaking to the vibrator for at least ten
minutes before the alarm went off.  She figured that by the time Chris got
up, used the bathroom, and then stumbled out of the bedroom to find her, she
would be really worked up and ready for him!  She had a little more than
twenty minutes left!

She took the keys to all the locks - the handcuff keys, the wrist and ankle
cuff lock's keys, and the master key to the locks on the ends of all the
chains, and looped them through the chain around her waist, and fastened the
catch on this chain.  She almost put them around her neck, and then realized
that they would be hanging down around her neck where she might possibly
reach them - didn't want that to happen now!

She picked up the vibrator, turned it to its second setting, and then pulled
down the white panty.  She was still very wet with excitement from both her
morning orgasm and with what she was now doing, and the vibrator slipped
inside her easily.  She carefully pushed it almost totally inside, and then
pulled the panty back up into place.  She could feel the front of the panty
was already damp from her juices.  Step two was complete, and she felt the
buzzing toy start working on her insides as she turned to her next task.

She picked up the headphones for the Discman and set them on her ears.  She
picked up the blindfold and perched on the top of her head - not quite time
for it yet!  She turned the Discman on and then set it carefully off to the
side of the table.  No Mozart Sonata this time - she had put the new CD from
the Dave Matthews Band into the player.  The first song started playing in
her ears.   Next she locked each leather wrist cuff onto either wrist,
snugging them tight around the white lace fabric of either lace opera glove.
  "Eighteen minutes left," she thought.

She picked up the black leather collar and fumbled with it, finally closing
it in place around her neck.  She rotated the collar so the ring with the
chain hanging from it was in front, letting the chain free down her front,
between her breasts.  Finally, she picked up the handcuffs.  She inserted
the metal end of one handcuff through the ring on her left wrist cuff, and
then brought her two wrists together.  It took her a few attempts, but with
the tips of her fingers and her teeth, she was able to get the end of the
cuff through the ring on the right wrist cuff and then snapped the cuff
closed.  This locked her two wrist cuffs together using only one of the two
handcuffs of the pair.  She made sure the other handcuff was hanging open.
"Sixteen minutes," she thought again.

She looked down at the table and then around the room.  Everything was set -
now once again all she had to do was complete the last step and wait for
Chris to come to her.   She leaned forward over the table and pulled the
chain from the collar out from between her breasts and let it hang down over
the edge of the table.  She reached down with her hands and fumbled with it
to loop it around the chain she had placed there between the two legs at
either end of the table.  She felt her breasts push the nipple clamps into
the tops of her breasts, but she ignored the feelings for a moment.  She
brought the end of the chain up and pulled it tight.

The chain went from the ring on her collar, down around the chain stretched
between the two legs of the table, and then, pulling it a little tighter,
locked onto one of its own links.  She was now locked to the table, and
couldn't raise her chest and head from the tabletop.  She had pulled all the
slack out of the chain at her neck, and was locked tight.

She glanced at the clock one more time - one minute left.  She brought her
linked hands up together and pulled the blindfold down over her eyes.  The
handcuff hanging loose from the wrist cuffs smacked her in the nose as she
did this, eliciting an inadvertent-and-loud "OUCH!" followed by a giggle.

Now in darkness, she brought her hands back down slowly and found the chain
attached to the collar around her neck.  She grasped the open handcuff
between her fingers and then used her fingers to follow the chain downwards
towards where it looped around the other chain.  Taking a deep breath and
bracing for the pain in her breasts, she pressed her chest and arms downward
into the table, compressing her breasts, and flipped the open end of the
handcuff around the chain between the legs of the table, and clicked it
close.  "That was it!  She'd done it" she thought triumphantly to herself.
Her hands were now locked together at the wrist cuffs with one loop of the
handcuffs, and then connected to the chain at the bottom of the table by the
other handcuff loop.

She tried to lift herself slightly off the table and found to her
satisfaction that without her hands and arms for leverage, she couldn't do
it.  The chain at her neck was pulled tight.  She closed her eyes and
rested, letting her chin and head hang downwards over the end of the table.
As her sense of time and activity slowly vanished, she focused on the music
in her ears and the vibrations inside her.  She knew the vibrator would be
nearing its first turn-off point in about thirty seconds, so she tried not
to get too excited from this first session, knowing that she would just have
to wait for two minutes for it to kick back in.

Her body had other ideas, however.   Her nipples were screaming at her in a
mix of pain and pleasure, alternating messages seeming to go straight from
the tops of the nipples to her brain.  And her pussy was throbbing and
pulsing as it began to build towards its second orgasm of the morning.

She clenched her jaw to prevent the first moan from escaping, and tried to
focus on the music and not on all the pleasure waves in her body.

                                  * * * *

In the bedroom, the alarm went off by his ear with a loud annoying buzz.
Chris rolled over and peered blearily at the clock.  He reached out and hit
the snooze button, dropping back for ten more minutes of blissful sleep.

--------------

Continued in Chapter 9: Breakfast Time!





Georgetta: The Bet Part II
by The Dolphin (MF rom slow bd)

The Bet Part II: Saturday Morning
Chapter 9: Breakfast Time!!!
Copyright 2000 The Dolphin31p@hotmail.com

The vibrator clicked off, and Georgetta swore she could feel the loud click
throughout her body.  She had been close, oh-so-very close, she knew.  Now
it would be two more minutes before it kicked on.  She tried to listen to
the music, tried to concentrate as the orgasm that had just seconds ago been
building to a crescendo began to ebb away.  The song from Dave Matthews
finished, and the next tune kicked in.  She realized now why Chris had used
a classical piece rather than the more modern tunes - the classical songs
tended to be longer pieces, and it was really hard to tell the passing of
time by listening to them.  The more modern music, however, tended towards
neat and precise three or four minute songs.  She knew as this song reached
the guitar solo that about two minutes had passed, and sure enough, she felt
the "Ultimate Teaser" vibrator kick back on.  She moaned louder now, no
longer worried about waking Chris.

"Chris!  Where was he?"  It had been almost 9:50 on the clock when she had
locked her wrists in, completing her self-bondage.  Now the vibrator had
gone off and on twice, so it had to be past 10:00 - didn't it?.  The alarm
would have gone off by now...was he standing there watching her right now?
She recalled that he had told her how he had sat and watched her last night
when she had first discovered all the features of her little toy.  She tried
to flex her buttocks and squirmed across the top of the table.  She was
beginning to regret her own thoroughness.  She did discover that the edge of
the table was just about even with her pantied bottom, and that by pressing
herself forward against the table edge, she could just move the bottom of
the vibrator inside her, pushing it towards a new spot.
"Ummmmmmmmmppppphhhh," she exclaimed as the vibrator shifted inside her to a
different spot and continued its throbbing.  "Mmmmmm, that's better!" she
moaned.

Here it comes again, she thought.  And as the song ended, so too did the
motion of the vibrator.  "God damn it," she thought.  "C'mon, Chris, get out
here and do something.  The next song started in her ears, a slower, more
mournful balled.  "How appropriate," she thought.

Midway through, the vibrator turned itself on once again.  "Why-oh-why
didn't I just use one of the other normal settings?" she thought, but
knowing that she had selected the on-and-off setting just for this very
reason.   She nudged forwards against the table, trying to move the
vibrator, and suddenly felt it slip completely inside.  She stopped moving
for a moment, and then rubbed herself against the table lip - she couldn't
feel the hard protrusion of the vibrator sticking out and pressing against
the table any more - she had pushed the six inch toy completely inside her!

She could still rub herself against the lip of the table though.  She also
found that she could slide her breasts around the tabletop.  There wasn't
really anything to rub them against, but her own weight and the pressure of
the clips was more than enough.  She felt the orgasm building this time,
knew she'd make it before the next two-minute mark, and shrieked in joy as
she felt the orgasm hit.  She increased the speed of her rubbing against the
table, enjoying the feel of the table lip against her breasts and lower
body.  Even the clicking off of the vibrator didn't dull the excitement of
this one!!!  "YYYYYeeeeeeeeeessssssssss  ohhhh YYYEEEESSSS oohhhhh my god
yeeessssssss!!!" she exclaimed loudly, not realizing that her voice was even
louder because she couldn't hear the sound of her voice through the
headphones and music.

As her pulse stopped racing and her heart rate returned to a slightly slower
speed, she again thought, "Where is Chris?"

                                     * * * *

Chris lifted his head up and looked around blearily.  Something had woken
him up.  He looked over to where Georgetta had fallen asleep only to find
her side of the bed empty.  "Georgetta?" he asked into room.  "Georgetta?
Hon?  Where are you?" he repeated.

He sat up slowly in the bed.  He looked over and saw the bathroom door was
open, so she wasn't in there.  He looked around the room, and saw that she
had straightened things up a bit.  His clothes were piled over on the chair
in the corner, and a pile of black items on her dresser had to be the outfit
she had worn for a little while last evening.  He looked up at the chain
hanging from the ceiling and smiled.  "Wow, what a night that was!" he
thought to himself.

He got out of bed and walked into the bathroom and relieved himself.  His
penis was slightly sore, he thought, the result of too much intercourse with
Georgetta the night before.  Correction, he thought, because of the
intercourse last night, never too much!

He walked back into the bedroom and then heard the first moan.  Georgetta?"
he asked again, looking towards the living room of the apartment.  He strode
over and opened the bedroom door and walked naked into the living room.  He
glanced quickly around the room, and then stopped dead in his tracks at the
sight before him in the kitchen.

His girlfriend was bound hand and foot over the kitchen table.  Wearing
white stockings, panties, and a white top, she was tied to the legs of the
table on one side, and then face down across the top of the table with her
hands, shoulders, and head hanging over the other side of the table.   "Holy
shit!" he exclaimed as he walked towards her.  His penis, very interested in
the site before him, started to rise.

She was moving her ass a little side-to-side, pressing her lower stomach and
pussy up against the table.  He saw the duffel bag at the side of the table,
along with the catalog, and realized she'd been doing some reading.  He
walked up to her and looked at what she had done in amazement.  He hadn't
quite expected her to enjoy his bondage game this much!

"God what an ass she has," he thought to himself.  He stood behind her,
staring appreciatively at her legs and rear.  Almost unconsciously, his hand
found his penis and started rubbing.  Her butt was framed nicely by the
white garter belt and stockings.  Each perfectly-toned-and-formed asscheek
was split evenly by a white garter strap.  Her ass was very tight and firm,
the result of a lot of hours of aerobics and thigh exercises.  A tiny slip
of white vanished down the crack of her ass, and then widened slightly,
covering her pubic mound.  A few dark hairs protruded from the sides.

Walking around the table, he stared open-mouthed at the arrangement she had
performed to tie herself to the table.  "How did she do that?" he asked
himself.  Her hands were locked together with one handcuff, and then
handcuffed to a chain that stretched between the two legs of the table on
this side.  Then he saw the other chain going from under her chin to that
bottom chain.  "I think she outdid me!" he realized.

It had taken him several hours to work out the previous night's bondage, and
he hadn't been sure until she locked her wrists to the chains and jumped off
the milk crate that it would actually work.  He had read and studied several
bondage catalogs, not to mention thirty or forty stories from the UseNet's
"alt.sex.stories.moderated" newsgroup before he had come up with the idea,
and she had gone and bested him the very next morning, using only her own
imagination and the pictures in the catalog!

"At least she used my idea about the headphones and blindfold," he thought.
She was still breathing hard, with soft moans mixing with the deep breaths,
and as he walked back around to her posterior, he noticed the slight trickle
of liquid escaping from underneath the panty and leaking down her thigh.
"She just came," he thought.  Her yells are what woke me up," he realized.
He leaned down and placed his ear near her rear - sure enough he heard the
buzzing of the vibrator from inside her.

He scanned the tabletop and the surrounding area, looking for the remote
control to the vibrator, but didn't see it.  He walked quickly back into the
bedroom and up to the bed, dropping to his hands and knees to peer under the
bed.  He spotted it up near the headboard where it had fallen just far
enough under that she had missed it during her earlier cleanup.  He reached
under the bed and grabbed it, and then grabbed the Polaroid from the
bedstand as well.

"I think it's time to have a little fun with her," he thought to himself.
"If she's in such a hurry to tie herself up, I guess I'll just have to let
her enjoy it for a while.  He walked back out and stopped behind her.  He
watched her rub herself against the table, trying to rub her breasts against
the table top.  He really liked watching her ass move around.  And her legs
were just incredible in the heels - "were those the heels she wore to Jim's
wedding?" he thought.  Yes, they were.  "Wow," he thought to himself.  He
remember just how sexy she had looked that night in the dark blue
mini-dress, with the cleavage and the slit, and the...wait a minute - look
at what she's wearing now you idiot! He thought to himself.  He heard the
click as the vibrator shut off.

"Hmmmm, even used the 'teaser' setting," he thought.  He looked up at the
clock and noted the second hand.  He sat and tried to focus on the clock,
watching the second hand circle once around and begin its second rotation.
He realized he was still stoking himself, and forced his hand to stop.  His
prick was standing straight up in the air, begging for permission to soundly
and thoroughly fuck the gorgeous brunette in front of him, but he restrained
himself.

He set the remote down on the table and opened up the Polaroid.  He framed
her ass in the viewfinder, and snapped the shot, the click-whirr of the
motor sounding loud in the room as the camera spit out the exposed image.
He took the picture and set it aside, and then moved around the table,
aiming pictures at his bound girlfriend and snapping away.  Keeping an eye
on the clock, he finished the first roll and then reloaded, and shot several
more.  He focused the last shot as a close-up of her ass, nicely framed by
the two white garters.

Just as the second hand approached the 1:55 mark of its two-minute cycle, he
thumbed the remote control on the vibrator to the "Low" setting.  He
gathered up the now developed Polaroid images and walked back into the
bedroom with them, leaving his girlfriend with a quietly throbbing vibrator
pulsing a bit slower than she had intended it to.    He hid the pictures
away in his briefcase and then pulled his briefs and a sweatshirt out of the
pile on the chair, and quickly got dressed.  He walked back out into the
kitchen, and slid the coffee maker out of the cupboard.  He fished around in
her pantry and found the coffee, and began making a pot of coffee, glancing
occasionally over at his bound girlfriend, moaning softly and still humping
the edge of the table.

--------------

Continued in Chapter 10: Coffee, Tea, or Me?





Georgetta: The Bet Part II
by The Dolphin (MF rom slow bd)

The Bet Part II: Saturday Morning
Chapter 10:  Coffee, Tea, or me??
Copyright 2000 The Dolphin31p@hotmail.com


Wedged deep inside her, the vibrator kicked back to life, and Georgetta 
stiffened.  Here we go again, she thought, both pleased and annoyed.  Was it 
at a slightly slower speed, though, she wondered?  Or was it just her 
overly-sensitive body that was no longer was providing reliable feedback on 
all of the stimulus it was getting?  She had a slight cramp in her right 
thigh, and the clamps were starting to feel permanently imbedded in her 
breasts.  The next song started on the CD in her ears.

Then she smelled the coffee.  She lifted her head slightly and sniffed 
again.  "Coffee --   Definitely coffee," she thought.  That son-of-a-bitch 
was standing there in the kitchen making coffee while she stood there, ready 
for him to give her the fucking of her life.

"Sweetie?" she said into the air.  "What are you doing?"  Can't you see I 
really need you right now?  She said.  She knew she couldn't hear his 
response unless he removed the headphones, so she waited.

Then she felt the vibrator change speeds, clicking up to a higher gear.  She 
quivered momentarily as her body reacted to the increased stimulation, while 
that little voice inside her head chewed her out for forgetting to hide the 
remote control before tying herself up like this.  Both her tone and her 
mood changed, and she screamed at him,  "CHRIS!!!!!   CHRISTOPHER!!!  GET 
OVER HERE YOU ASSHOLE!!!" she screamed.  "Fuck the neighbors," she thought.  
She knew Chris was standing there with a coffee cup in one hand and the 
remote for the vibrator in her pussy in the other, having just triggered the 
higher setting and enjoying the whole thing.  She could imagine him even 
reading the paper, looking over at her from time to time between articles.  
She knew she had wanted this, wanted to do this for him, for her, but the 
first part of the game was over.  She'd already had one orgasm, and now she 
wanted him to get behind her and let her out of the bonds so that they could 
get to the lovemaking.  Ohhhh she needed to be fucked and the bastard wasn't 
cooperating!!

She felt his hands on her ears lifting her head upwards.  Then she felt 
something press against her lips.  She opened her mouth to ask him what he 
was doing, and felt him insert something between her lips.  "PENIS!" she 
suddenly realized, feeling the shape of it with her lips.  He was trying to 
insert his penis inside her mouth!  She tried to yell at him to let her go, 
but when her mouth tried to form the words, he slipped even more of his 
length inside her mouth.  He held himself inside her mouth for a moment or 
two, and then he slowly pulled back out, and removed his dick from her 
mouth.

She clamped her mouth firmly shut, and felt him bump up against her lips 
with the head of his penis again.  She kept her lips sealed - she wanted out 
of her bonds before she would even consider giving him the blowjob he was 
asking for.

He had other ideas, apparently, as she felt the vibrator click up to the 
highest speed.  Despite her best intentions, her body wasn't listening, and 
she inadvertently opened her mouth to moan.  As her lips tried to form the 
"Oh" in "Oh-my-god", he slid himself back inside her.  "Well, okay," she 
thought,  "but just for a minute or two," and licked the tip of his cock 
with her tongue.  He started moving back and forth then, pressing his cock 
inside her lips and mouth and then pulling back out, making love to her 
mouth.  She focused on using her lips and tongue to tease and tickle his 
length, trying to bring him to a quick orgasm.   "I'll get him off quickly, 
and then he can untie me and we can go back to bed like a normal couple..." 
she thought.

                                   * * * * *

Chris found himself moaning as Georgetta's talented lips and tongue worked 
over the head and tip of his shaft.  Carefully holding her head on either 
side with his hands, he thrust his penis into her mouth an inch or two, and 
then withdrew as she swirled and licked the end of his dick.  Georgetta was 
pretty good at giving head. He never tired of watching her beautiful face 
suck on his penis.  However, she had never been able to take more than a few 
inches of his length into her mouth.  She had more than made up for it with 
enthusiastic swirling and nibbling and licking, and running her hand up and 
down his shaft.

But now he had an opportunity to possibly change that, he realized.  He 
looked towards Georgetta and tightened his grip slightly on the sides of her 
head, and as he pushed slowly back into her mouth, he let his penis go an 
extra half inch or so deeper inside her mouth.  He watched her response as 
she felt him push deeper inside and he quickly pulled back out an inch or 
so, but kept the head of his dick inside her lips.  She was trying to push 
him out with her tongue, but he kept her head centered on his penis, and 
then pushed back in the same inch, changing the angle of her head slightly.  
  She again gagged slightly, but less than the first time.  He repeated the 
withdrawal-and-insert movement three more times, and each time she gagged a 
little less, and seemed to accept him that much further into her mouth.

His next thrust forward he allowed himself more than the additional 
half-inch and pushed the head of his dick to the point where he felt the 
back of her throat.  He held himself there for several seconds, and felt her 
tongue work the underside of his length.  He found that this was taking the 
utmost control he could manage.  He really wanted to just let loose and slam 
his dick deep into her throat, but he had no intention of forcing something 
like that onto her, so he successfully fought to maintain his control.  He 
pulled his length completely out of her mouth and then held the tip of his 
penis just at her lips.

"Let's see how comfortable she is with this," he thought to himself.  The 
feeling on his rod with almost four inches of its length wrapped inside her 
mouth was incredible, but if she wasn't comfortable with doing this, he knew 
there were other parts of her anatomy that were, and he wasn't about to 
force this on her.  Not when she was the one who had tied herself up this 
morning for his pleasure - no sir - he wasn't about to do anything that 
would make her not want to do this again!

                                   * * * * *

Georgetta had felt his grip on the sides of her head tighten just before he 
had pushed himself deeper into her mouth that first time.  She knew he had 
pushed more of his length into her mouth than she usually took into her when 
she was in control, and for a moment she panicked.   Normally, she only took 
the head of his penis into her mouth, and then used her hands to stroke the 
rest of his shaft.  Now, she had the head and what felt like another two or 
so inches inside her mouth!

She gagged slightly, and tried to use her tongue to push him backwards.  
Then he pulled back a little bit, but remained inside her mouth.  He gently 
changed the angle of her head and then pressed forward again, about the same 
length as before.  She again gagged, but not as much as the first deep 
thrust.   He then moved slowly in and out of her mouth, never letting the 
head of his penis come out from between her lips, pressing himself about 
three inches or so into her mouth.

"I guess this isn't too bad," she thought to herself, as she relaxed and 
found her mouth accepting the presence of significantly more penis in her 
mouth than usual.  The gagging reflex disappeared, and her jaw and throat 
muscles relaxed.  Chris pushed in and out of her mouth several more times, 
each time stopping at about the same point.  She almost stopped worrying 
about the extra amount of penis and started licking the underside of her 
shaft with her tongue again, and sucking with her lips around the shaft as 
he moved in and out of her mouth.

His next push, though, pressed his cock head all the way to the back of her 
mouth and, it felt, into her throat.  She couldn't help it, and coughed and 
gagged slightly at this feeling inside her throat.  She tried to remain 
focused, and continued to lick the underside, all the while trying to decide 
whether she liked this or not.

The same little voice inside her head chimed in that there really wasn't 
much she could do about it if he did decide to push deeper, seeing as she 
was pretty much helpless on the table!  She ignored it again.

Then he pulled completely out of her mouth, leaving just the tip of his 
penis at her lips, and then pulled away from her completely.

She worked her jaw back and forth a few times, and licked her lips, and then 
the tip of his penis, and then moistened her lips.  She waited expectantly 
for him to push inside her mouth again, but to her surprise, she didn't feel 
him press against her lips again.  She stuck her tongue out again to lick 
the head again, but didn't find his penis.

Inside her pussy, the vibrator continued its happy throbbing, and the sounds 
of the CD continued in her ears, but she had no idea what Chris was doing.  
She waited for his touch, and grew puzzled when she didn't feel anything 
from him.  The music was too loud in her ears, so she couldn't even hear if 
he had walked away from her.

Then she felt his hand lift the right ear piece from her right ear, and his 
voice ask her, "Was that last thrust okay, or did I push too deep?"

She thought about it for a moment, and decided to give it another try.  She 
had, she realized, enjoyed taking that much more of his length inside her 
mouth, and she knew how much he loved it when she gave him head.

"No, that was okay.  Let's try it again," she heard herself tell him.

He responded by replacing the ear piece of the headset into her ear, and 
then placing the head of his penis back against her lips.  She opened her 
mouth and he slid inside and over her tongue and into her throat, and she 
found herself sucking inwards on it as he pushed again inside her mouth.

                                  * * * * *

Chris looked down in amazement as Georgetta's mouth engulfed his prick.  He 
wasn't entirely sure she would want to try and take all of him length into 
her mouth and throat, but she had consented, and he gladly pushed inside her 
mouth and then into her throat. He hadn't really intended to push her this 
far, but the feeling of her mouth on his penis and the sense of power he 
felt with her bound this way, for him, emboldened him.  He pushed forward 
again and watched as almost four inches of his length disappeared inside her 
mouth.

The next part was a potential roadblock - he could feel his head hitting the 
back of her mouth - could she take him into her throat and truly "deep 
throat" him?  Further complicating matters was that this whole scene was so 
incredibly stimulating that he knew he was even a little larger than his 
norm - his shaft had swollen that much more with the excitement of this 
adventure into his girlfriend's lips, mouth, and throat.

He tilted her head back slightly, and pushed in a little further.  It was 
hard to judge distance, given how incredible her mouth felt on him, but he 
felt the tip of his dick slip down and into her throat.  He stopped quickly 
and pulled back, and then pushed in a second time.  He felt her mouth and 
throat move around him, and he retreated at the coughing sounds she made.  
But she quickly stopped coughing and was sucking inwards on his dick, trying 
to pull him into her.  He leaned forward again and felt his tip again go 
into her throat.

                                      * * * *

Georgetta inhaled around his penis as he pulled out of her mouth.  This 
wasn't too bad she though, although her throat disagreed, giving her an 
occasional gagging reflex.  His penis was pressing down across her tongue, 
past the back of her mouth and her tonsils and down inside the top of her 
throat, and as she felt the head of his penis move back and forth over her 
tongue, she tried to give the head an extra tickle.  Each thrust inward 
seemed to go on and on and on, as it seemed like his penis kept growing and 
growing and pushing down into her throat.  Then she panicked momentarily as 
she felt her nose press up against his lower stomach.  "Oh my god!" she 
thought.  "Is he really that far inside me?  I can't believe I've got his 
whole prick in my mouth.  Although she hadn't measured, she knew Chris's 
penis was more than twice the size of her hand, or about seven inches, and a 
little more when he was really excited.  If this little setup of hers didn't 
have him more than really excited, she didn't know what would.  He pulled 
out again and then pressed in, and again her nose pressed up against him.  
She felt his balls slap up against her throat.

"I'm really doing it," she thought.  "I'm deep-throating him!  One night, 
Chris had talked her into watching a "couples" xxx-rated movie, and she had 
been amazed when one of the (so-called) actresses had taken one of the 
actor's entire penis into her mouth.  She had made him rewind the section of 
the film to watch it again.  She had even asked Chris if they used special 
effects in these movies, because she couldn't believe that someone could fit 
that much into their mouth.

She had tried it on him right there on the couch, unzipping his jeans and 
pulling his prick out.  Try as she might, she hadn't managed to get more 
than a few inches into her mouth and certainly not any part of him into her 
throat.  He had still orgasmed in her mouth, so it hadn't been a bad 
experience. But she had never thought to duplicate the feats of that 
actress.

And now she was performing as well as that actress, sliding her lover's 
prick into her mouth and down her throat.  "First bondage.  Then 
deep-throating.  What other new experiences are in store for me this 
weekend?" she thought to herself.

She concentrated on licking his length and trying to tease the bottom of his 
shaft and in particular that sensitive spot beneath the head of his penis.  
She knew that drove him wild.  Sure enough, several more in-and-outs into 
her throat and she felt the first twinge in his dick.  He pulled most of his 
penis out of her mouth, leaving the head in between her lips, and his cum 
flooded into her mouth, great gobs of the gooey stuff.  He kept moving his 
penis around, and it escaped momentarily from her lips, and she felt some of 
his cum hit her face and shoulders.  She felt a drop hit her cheek and then 
slowly start trickling down her face.  He pushed himself again into her 
mouth and then worked his dick back and forth.  She licked and sucked on it, 
cleaning it with her tongue and swallowing the taste of him.  She hadn't 
cared for the taste of cum the first few times, but she had really grown to 
enjoy Chris' and concentrated on trying to lick every ounce of the stuff 
from him.

She realized that she had been concentrating so hard on giving him head that 
she had almost forgotten about the vibrator inside her.  But as he slowed 
his thrusts into her mouth, the feelings came rushing back into her mind, 
thrusting aside all thoughts of the blow job and demanding that she do 
something about the buzz in her pussy.  Maybe her mouth had been busy, but 
the rest of her body had continued in its increasing arousal, and now wanted 
some further attention.

As Chris withdrew his penis from her mouth, she swallowed several times and 
cleared her throat.  In a voice that she hoped was as sexy and seductive as 
she felt, she asked him, "I could really use an orgasm now too, Chris..."

She felt his hands on her ears, lifting off the headphones, and then heard 
him say, "Oh, do you now?"

"CCCcchhhhhhhrrrrriiisssssss..." she said, the word coming out more as a 
moan than a clear word as she shuddered.  A spasm had started in the depths 
of her pussy and worked up her spine, making her shake and moan just as she 
tried to get the words out.  "Please!" she managed to ask him, barely 
forming the words.

"Please what?" he responded tauntingly.

"Please let me...please let me...please let me" she stammered out, not quite 
able to say the words.

"Please what Georgetta?"

"Please make me COME!!!" she yelled back at him, annoyed with him for making 
her say it.  "I need to COME NOW!!" she screamed at him.

"I don't think you've earned it yet," he said back to her.  She jerked her 
head back in amazement, trying to look up at him through the blindfold.    
"What did you just say?" she asked him.  Then she suddenly felt the humming 
of the vibrator slow down to a low buzz.  He had turned the remote control 
on the vibrator to the low setting!  "You bastard!!!" she shrieked in rage 
at him.  "After what I just did for you?!?" she yelled.  "You 
son-of-a-bitch!!!  You arrogant little shit!  You, you, you god-damned 
bast-mmmmMMPFFFFPH!"

Her yelling and swearing was cut off a wad of fabric shoved in her open 
mouth as she tried to finish the swearing at him.  He had placed something 
in her open mouth as she had opened it to yell at him.  She tried to spit it 
out, but couldn't as he was holding it in place.  Then she felt him tying 
something behind her head.  She tried to talk, but all that came out were 
unintelligible noises and moans.  Then she felt his hands setting the 
headphones back on her ears.  "Chris!" she said into the gag in her mouth.

But only "Crrrmppppffhhh" came out.

--------------
Continued in Chapter 11:  Georgetta Over Easy





Georgetta: The Bet Part II
by The Dolphin (MF rom slow bd)

The Bet Part II: Saturday Morning
Chapter 11:  Georgetta Over Easy
Copyright 2000 The Dolphin31p@hotmail.com


Chris tied the shoe lace behind Georgetta's ears in a big bow knot. It 
wasn't really a formal piece of bondage gear - it just happened to have been 
left in the duffel bag from the last time his shoelace on his gym sneakers 
broke, but it did the job.  He had looked around quickly after shoving his 
briefs into her mouth for something to hold it into place, but she had used 
up all of his real bondage stuff when she tied herself to the table.

He really didn't intend to leave her gagged for too long - just a few 
minutes or so while he let his dick recover.  He could still feel the 
incredible sensations her mouth had done on his penis.  He had never had a 
blow job as incredible as the one she had just given him.  He wasn't sure 
just which had been the greater stimulant - the feeling of his entire length 
being engulfed by her mouth, or the feeling of power he had that came from 
fucking her mouth while she was powerless to stop him from doing what ever 
he wanted to do to her helpless body.  (Well, that wasn't entirely true, he 
admitted to himself.  If she had asked, he would have stopped and released 
her.  THEN he would have fucked her, but still...)

He poured himself a cup of coffee and looked over his bound girlfriend.  He 
still couldn't get over what she had done to herself.  He squatted in front 
of her, trying to figure out how she had gotten the handcuffs around the 
chain.  He stood up and walked around the table and admired her legs and 
ass.  He let his fingers trail softly down her back, and over her buttocks, 
and then softly followed the panty down the crack of her ass and forward 
between her parted thighs.  She stopped moving herself against the table 
edge and pushed herself slightly back from the table, pushing back towards 
his stroking fingers.  He allowed his fingers to reach up and stroke her 
panty-covered pussy - he stopped and moved his fingers slightly - he didn't 
feel the knob of the vibrator!  He knew it was in her - he had heard it 
humming, and she had jumped noticeably every time he adjusted the speed 
setting.  He picked up the remote and turned it back up to medium, and 
watched as she shook - it was inside her all right.  He realized that she 
must have pushed it completely inside while trying to get that little bit of 
extra stimulus.

He slid his first two fingers inside the leg opening of the panty - God was 
she wet - and wiggled his index finger inside her.  Her quickly found the 
base of the vibrator just inside her opening.  He nudged his finger, 
wiggling it around.  She shook her ass at him and wiggled on top of the 
table, and several muffled noises came from her mouth.  He moved his hand 
slightly and was able to slide his thumb inside the panty and then inside of 
her, and using both his thumb and first finger, grabbed hold of the 
vibrator.  Slowly and deliberately, he started moving the base of the sex 
toy in a slow circular motion, moving the tip around deep inside of her.  He 
reached over with his other hand and undid the bow on the panty on her right 
hip, and then reached across to untie the bow on the other side, and pulled 
the panty off her ass and dropped it onto the floor.

Her backside was completely exposed now, her ass and pussy framed by the 
white garters and stockings.  He squatted down behind her and brought his 
free right hand up, rubbing his fingers along the outside of her wet pussy.  
He moved his thumb up and began rubbing it against her clitoris, all the 
while continuing to move the vibrator in a clockwise rotation inside her.

Removing his thumb from her clit, he let his fingers trail upwards across 
her mound and then up over her anus and into the cleft between her cheeks.  
Repeating this motion several times, he left a trail of pussy juice upwards 
over the pink anus opening.  He plunged his forefinger into her very wet and 
juicy pussy, soaking his fingers in her juices, and then removed his finger 
and pressed it softly against the opening of her anus.  He felt her stiffen 
underneath his touch as he started working his finger back and forth over 
her second opening, dampening and loosening the muscles.  Then, softly and 
slowly, he wiggled the tip of his finger inside her.  A low and long muffled 
moan escaped from the other side of the table as her virginal asshole gave 
way to his probing finger.

This was another area that they had never explored, although he had read of 
it and seen it on the adult video they had rented.  He wasn't sure he had 
any interest in actually fucking Georgetta "up the ass," in the quaint 
terminology of the adult video trade, but he had read that the anus was very 
sensitive, and had wanted to try this on Georgetta.  And what better time 
when she was unable to resist?  In her aroused and completely  helpless 
state, he thought she might be more open to this bit of exploration.  She 
wasn't yelling or screaming through the gag at him to stop, so she wasn't 
exactly telling him not to, so...

Continuing his ministrations of her anus with his right hand, he resumed 
moving the vibrator inside her, flicking the speed up another notch.  He 
worked his right forefinger in and out of her ass while he increased the 
speed of the vibrator and its throbbing inside her pussy.

Moments later, the effects of his dual simulations resulted in Georgetta's 
third orgasm of the morning.  Her whole body shook and spasmed on the table. 
  He increased the pace of his thumb on her clitoris, and, slightly pulling 
the vibrator out of her bottom, flicked the speed to high and thrust it 
rapidly in and out and up and down within her, hitting every nerve ending 
and sensitive place inside her that he could.  He could hear her moans and 
yells, muffled by the gag.   He thrust his right forefinger deeper into her 
ass, pressing his finger up past his second knuckle into her, and this 
combination of movements set her whole body shaking and squirming on the 
table, barely held in place by the chains and bonds she herself had fastened 
to her arms and legs.  He rotated his finger inside her ass, pressing 
downwards so that he could feel the press of the vibrator inside her pussy 
through the wall of skin and muscle separating her vagina from her ass.

He stopped the motions of his finger inside her and the concurrent motion of 
the vibrator inside her pussy and stood up.  He withdrew the finger from 
inside her and brought his right hand up to her head and the bow-tie on the 
shoelace holding her gag, while still moving the vibrator inside her.  
Moments later, he heard the sound of her spitting his briefs out of her 
mouth, no longer fastened by the shoelace.

"Oh-my-god-oh-my-god- oh-my-god-oh-my-god- Oh-my-god-oh-my-god- 
Oh-my-god-oh-my-god-Ohhhhhhhhhh-that feels so good-mmmpf-mmmpf-mmmmpf- oh my 
god- I'm going to -ooohhhhhhhhhh- fucking kill---ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh- fucking 
kill ahhhhhhhhhh-shit, don't stop- that feels so gooooood - kill you for 
---oohhhhhh- this--- Oh-my-god-oh-my-god- 
Oh-my-god-oh-my-god-Ohhhhhhhhhh..."

Her voice and moans were ranging through several octaves, sometimes starting 
low and finishing low, sometimes in a low bass that rose to a high shriek.  
Her moans slowed down and her voice returned to its normal pitch as he 
slowed the motion of the vibrator in his hand.  He would occasionally flick 
his forefinger across her clit, which resulted in a very cute "eek" each 
time in between the moans, "oh-my-gods", and "ahhhhs" she was letting out in 
a non-stop stream.

He dropped his hand from the vibrator and stood up.  His penis was beginning 
to harden, but he knew it would still be a while before he was hard enough 
to fuck her.  No, he thought to himself, there's still a bit more teasing 
that needs to happen.

He turned around and walked quickly back into the bedroom and over to the 
dresser.  He heard her call out to him as he walked away, but with the 
headphones still on she had no idea where he was or what he was doing.  He 
opened the middle drawer in her dresser and found the other package he had 
hidden there.  He walked back out into the living room and over to where 
Georgetta was bound, and opened the box, removing the second vibrator.  This 
was a smaller and thinner, five-inch purple vibrator.  It had been the first 
one he had purchased and had intended to use until he had found the 
"ultimate teaser" model.  Now, he knew of a use for it.

He reached down and removed the larger Teaser model from Georgetta, slowly 
pulling it from her wet opening.  Then, turning the purple one onto its Low 
setting, he touched the tip of it up against her wet pussy, turning it from 
side to side and working it slowly into her opening.

                                     * * * *

Georgetta felt him withdraw the vibrator and then felt the tip work up and 
down her opening.  She felt him press it up against her vaginal lips, and 
then start working it inside of her again.  "I want you inside me," she said 
towards him, turning her head slightly.  A particularly loud guitar solo was 
playing in her ears, so if he replied she didn't hear him.  She felt the 
vibrator press deep inside her and then withdraw.  She felt him move the tip 
upwards to her clitoris and hold there, buzzing against that sensitive spot, 
and then trail down across her opening and touch against her asshole.  She 
could feel how very wet she was, felt the juices on her legs and dripping 
slowly down her thighs.  Then she felt the tip of the vibrator press into 
her asshole.  She moaned as he pressed the toy an inch or so in and then 
withdrew it.  Ten seconds or so seemed to pass, and then she felt the 
vibrator press back into her pussy.  He was moving it slowly into her, and 
she shook as he continued to press it inside her - he was going very slowly, 
and it seemed like the toy kept going and going and going, deeper and deeper 
inside of her.

She felt him continue to press against her anus as well.  She could feel his 
fingers run across the opening to her pussy, picking up her juices, and then 
continue up her ass to her anus, pressing softly into her anal opening.  She 
wasn't sure yet what she thought of this new trick - it surprised her to 
realize that her ass and asshole could also be a source of stimulation.

                                  * * * *

Chris pulled the purple vibrator out of Georgetta's pussy and quickly 
replaced it with the Teaser vibrator, pushing the larger toy back deep into 
her.  He let go of its end, now buried to the hilt in Georgetta's pussy, and 
then brought the smaller one up to her ass.  It was coated with her juices, 
but he took his index finger of his free hand and dipped it into the wetness 
around her pussy and then pressed it against her anus.  He felt her, 
surprisingly, press back against him, pushing towards his finger.  He 
pressed inside of her, continuing to work her juices into the opening.  As 
the lubrication from her pussy worked into her opening, her muscles 
continued to relax, and he worked his finger deeper inside.

He turned the speed of the purple vibrator up to high and then brought the 
tip of the vibrator up against her anus, and with a small push, sunk it four 
inches deep into her ass.

                                  * * * *

Georgetta stiffened as she felt the softness of his finger inside her 
replaced with the harder vibrator.  She knew she had the vibrator inside her 
pussy - so what was inside her ass?  She realized that it was buzzing too - 
another vibrator she wondered?

"Chris?  Chris - what are you doing to me?" she said.

She felt his hands still on her thighs, and then the soft touch of a fabric. 
  She felt the fabric press up against her backside, and then his hands 
between the front of her thighs and the table as he pressed the fabric 
around her front too, and then she realized that he was refastening her 
panty around her.  She felt the press of the fabric inside both of her 
openings, as the tight fabric pushed the two vibrators deeper inside her.  
She tried to ask him to take it away, but realized that she was already, 
moaning.  A lot.  And loudly.

                                    * * * *

Chris stood up and looked at the now-pantied backside of his lover.  The 
white fabric was pushed out by the back end of the smaller vibrator 
protruding slightly from her ass, but the panty seemed to be holding the two 
sex toys inside of her.

He walked back to the bedroom, leaving Georgetta squirming from the 
ministrations of two buzzing vibrators, and picked up his shorts.  He pulled 
them up to his waist, and then walked back out into the living room.  The 
table was shaking from her movements as he walked up to her and then around 
her into the kitchen.  He poured himself a glass of water and drank it, 
watching the continued motions from his girlfriend.  He had set the Teaser 
vibrator on its low setting, and not the off/on setting, so she was getting 
a steady thrumming from the larger toy.  The purple vibrator only had an 
off-low-high setting, but he had set it to high in order to see the affects 
of this stimulation in her ass.  She was moaning continuously and rubbing 
herself against the table edge as she had been when he had first found her 
there earlier in the morning.

He noticed that her panty had slipped from her hips slightly, so he stepped 
over and readjusted the item, pushing the vibrator in her ass a little 
further in at the same time.  He heard a distinctive "bastard" from between 
the moans she was letting out.  He put down the water glass and picked up a 
coffee cup, pouring himself half a cup.  He pulled a section of the paper 
out from the pile and concentrated on one Sports article for several 
minutes.

Finally, he dropped the paper back on the counter, after reading the same 
two paragraphs five times and still not having any idea what the writer had 
just described.  With a total hard-on now restored, and unable to resist the 
temptations of his helpless girlfriend, he set the coffee down and walked 
over and kneeled down in front of the table where her head hung.  A small 
stream of drool had escaped from her mouth, so he gently wiped it from the 
corner of her lip.  She raised her head at his touch, and he brought his 
lips forward and kissed her.  After a second, she kissed him back, and then 
he felt her tongue on his as they opened their mouths.  Their tongues and 
lips twirled and flicked back and forth, before she broke the kiss with a 
sudden shriek.

He raised his hands to her ears and lifted off the headphones.  He set them 
down on the table near her.

"Do you want me to stop them?" he asked her.

"Yes!!" she said.  "No wait - so close!!  No!!  Yes!  Aaaarrrggghhh I'm so 
turned on I don't know what I want!!" she told him in-between moans.  She 
was shaking, he realized, and about to have another orgasm.  He stood up, 
picked up the remote control, and thumbed the Teaser vibrator to its highest 
speed setting.

He set the remote down and stepped behind her.  Two quick motions stripped 
the panty from her again, and he grasped the ends of each vibrator with 
either hand.  Using alternating in and out thrusts, he moved the vibrators 
in and out of each opening, withdrawing one while plunging the other deep 
into her.  After less than ten alternating thrusts, she came, shaking and 
convulsing beneath him.

"Ah - ah -ah- ah -ah- ah -ah- ah -ah- ah 
-ah-aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh shit I'm coming again!! She shouted, 
each shriek louder and higher.   He thrust both vibrators inside of her and 
held them there, letting the fingers on his left hand caress the outsides of 
her pussy as she climaxed.

For a long minute he held the toys there, buzzing inside of her as she again 
slowed down her breathing and relaxed.  He was rock hard now, and wanted to 
simply bury himself into her, but he remembered that he had taken her from 
behind the night before.  He looked at her twin openings, each filled with a 
vibrator, and thought again about her anus opening.  He was momentarily 
tempted, but wasn't really sure that was what either of them wanted.  No, he 
wanted to fuck her, hard and deep.   Well, he'd just have to settle for 
taking her from behind a second time.  Life was really a bitch sometimes, he 
thought to himself.

He pulled the vibrator out of her vagina and turned it off, dropping it 
casually onto the floor.   Chris used his now free hand to push his own 
shorts down and slid them down his legs, stepping out of them.  While still 
holding the other vibrator in her ass, he stood straighter forward and 
brought the head of his penis against her pussy entrance, rubbing the head 
up and down her wet slit.  It took all the control he could muster not to 
just push inside her and take her right now.  When she felt him nuzzle 
against the lips of her pussy, she arched her back and tightened her leg 
muscles, and almost succeeded in pushing herself back onto his penis.  He 
moved his hips backwards slightly, and then rubbed just the head of his 
prick against her wetness and then stepped away.  As if realizing he wasn't 
going to fuck her just then, she relaxed her muscles and collapsed back 
against the table edge.

Leaning forward, he again nuzzled her opening with the tip of his dick, this 
time pushing himself inside her an inch or so.  He gripped the sides of the 
table on her left side with his free hand, at once holding himself back and 
also fighting the almost overpowering urge to thrust inside.  He looked up 
to see that she had raised her head and was looking back towards him.  
Summoning his willpower, he stepped back from the table and withdrew from 
her wonderful depths.

He stepped slightly to her side, but let his hardened prick rest against the 
outside of her leg.   Chris reached across Georgetta and lifted the 
blindfold off over her head, disentangling the item from her long dark 
tresses.  She looked back at him, blinking in the sudden bright lights of 
the kitchen.  She smiled up at him, and said "now will you please fuck me?"

"Now how can I resist when you ask me so sweetly?" Chris replied to her, 
stepping backwards behind her.  He lined up his dick with her entrance, 
grabbed the table with his left hand hand, and moved his penis to her 
entrance.  "Ready, slave?"

                                   * * * * *

Georgetta still couldn't believe she was going along with all of this.    
Her decision to tie herself to the table had been made when she was still 
horny from her morning masturbation session in the bathroom.  Now she had 
already had four more orgasms, and her body was crying out for even more.  
She was more turned on than she could ever remember being, and she was 
really enjoying all of this.  On the other hand, he was getting close to 
really pissing her off with his treatment of her in the last few minutes.  
He had upped the ante with the "slave" comment.  She had almost told him to 
Fuck-off when he had called her that.

But her body wasn't letting her be quite that rationale.  Somewhere in the 
last hour she had lost out in the battle between sensuality and pride, and 
right now she just really, really, REALLY wanted to be fucked, and HARD.  It 
seemed every pleasure cell in her body was standing up and shouting and 
begging for more sex, and overwhelming and attempt at reasonableness, 
sanity, or even outrage that her other more-intelligent cells were calling 
for.  There was also lurking in the back of her mind the extremely pleasant 
thought of what she would do to him when the cards were turned.  She filed 
the "slave" comment away for further use - her acceptance of his use of the 
word was a serious amount of points that she knew he would make up to her at 
another time.

She realized again that she really liked this bondage stuff.  Chris was 
doing all the work, and she was just having one orgasm after another after 
another.  Yes, she had really worked hard on the blowjob she had given him 
earlier, but she had learned long ago that a good blowjob was a powerful 
weapon in the battle of the sexes.  Chris was in control today, but she 
would more than make him earn this little dalliance.

"Is this what you want, Slave" he asked her.  She could feel the tip of his 
prick nuzzling up against her, and knew he was going to fuck her now.   A 
vibrator buzzing in her pussy or her ass was one thing but... here it 
comes...  she braced herself for his thrust and the incredible feelings that 
would come from his prick driving deep inside her pussy and pushing and 
driving and...

But it didn't.   His head just stayed there, touching the lips of her pussy 
and nuzzling her softly, but pushed inside no farther.  He was teasing her 
even more, and she both hated and loved him for it.  But she wanted him and 
needed her inside her.  She could feel another orgasm building again, if 
possible, and knew that the feel of him inside her would be just the thing 
to push her over the edge again.  The idea came all at once.

"Please, Master, Fuck me.  Please fuck your slave now.  I need it so bad!" 
she screamed to him.  Every feminist cell and gene and leaning inside her 
screamed at her in outrage, but their combined voices were dwarfed by the 
remaining cells in her body that were screaming out for his dick.  She 
ignored the politically correct thoughts and begged him in her sexiest and 
most submissive voice.  "Fuck me master, fuck me hard!" -- 'That should do 
it," she thought to herself.

And it did.  Chris plunged his dick inside her with a hard and deep thrust, 
and she felt the head of his penis touch her cervix.

"That's a good slave" he told her as he thrust home.

It was wonderful, she thought, so incredibly amazing and wonderful that 
anything could feel this incredible.  She felt him pull all the way out of 
her and then thrust deep into her again, and then again, and again, falling 
into a steady and hard rhythm.  She felt his balls slapping hard against the 
backs of her thighs, felt his hard prick sliding in and out of her, the 
feeling of his thighs meeting hers as he fucked her.  Each thrust inward 
also meant his lower abdomen pushed the vibrator in her ass into her anal 
opening, and she found that if she flexed her buttocks muscles, she could 
push it back out just before his next inward thrust shoved it back into her.

The vibrator in her ass had surprised her at first, but now all she could 
think about how great it felt to have something filling both her openings.  
His large prick pushed in and out of her pussy and it felt even better than 
the "Ultimate Teaser" vibrator had.  It didn't vibrate but it still felt 
wonderful in so many other ways.

She felt his hands reach up and roughly pull the bottom of the camisole from 
underneath her stomach.  She flexed her back slightly, lifting her stomach 
up from the tabletop.  He rolled the white fabric upwards over her breasts.  
She shrieked as he let his fingers rub her nipples, twisting and turning 
them around within the grasp of the nipple clamps.

She screamed bloody murder when he suddenly undid the clamps on both breasts 
at the same time, and the blood went surging back from her breasts into her 
nipples.  "Oh-my-God, oh-my-god, oh-my-fucking GOD-that-feels-so-fucking- 
GOOOOOOODDDDD!!!" she screamed at him.  She was coming again, coming like a 
goddamned bat out of hell, runaway locomotive, get the hell out of my way 
cause this one is bursting loose baby!!!  She felt his hand clamp over her 
mouth, and realized she was yelling at the top of her lungs and the 
neighbors would come and break down the door and find her tied to the table 
top and getting fucked and coming and coming and soaking her kitchen table 
top in her juice and loving it and she didn't fucking care and tried to 
scream around his hand and "Oh-my-God, oh-my-god, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!

Then he was gone from inside her and in front of her.  His hand was pressed 
over her mouth but he had pulled completely out of her and wasn't even 
touching her anywhere.  She tried to tell him to put it back, but it came 
out more as "ppfggll itlld bbbppphhhh" around his hand.

"No screaming," he said to her in her ear, "or no fucking!" he continued.  
She really wanted to scream now.  He removed his hand from her mouth.

"You bastard - you're making me scream!" she told him, although much more 
softly than she had been screaming.  Her body was still spasming and she 
wanted his cock back in her.

He was kneeling just in front of her, naked.  She glanced down between his 
knees and saw his prick, hard, and firm, and looking very, VERY large.  She 
could see light reflecting from the juices coating it - hers and his 
combined, she knew.  If she had thought him to be about seven  inches long 
when he was excited, then he was completely fucking ecstatic at this point - 
she had never seen his prick as large and thick as it was now.  For a 
moment, she feared it would rip apart her sensitive pussy, but then she 
realized it had just been inside her before her uninhibited screams had made 
him pull out of her.  And she wanted that monster back inside her now!

"I'll be good," she told him, flashing her eyes at him and trying to give a 
winsome smile.  "Please put him back in me, baby?" she asked him, pleading.  
"Please" she intoned, softly winking her eyelashes at him again...

"That's better," he said, and stepped back to the bottom of the table.  She 
lifted her head off of the table and saw him position himself between her 
legs, and then saw and felt him thrust into her again.  "MMmmmmmmpphhh" she 
moaned, much more softly, as inch by inch he thrust himself into her.  He 
was working it in slowly, holding onto her hips with either hand and pushing 
into her inch by slow agonizing inch.

"Much....mmmmmppf...better...mmmpph....oh yeah baby more.... Mmmmphhh,,,, 
that's it", she managed to say back to him.  She tried to watch him as he 
resumed fucking her, but the feelings were just too much and she stopped 
straining and let her head hang, and closed her eyes.  She felt his hips 
meet up with hers, and then the additional pressure in her ass as he pressed 
the vibrator into her anus, and then felt him touch bottom inside her, and 
then withdraw out and resume the pumping motion.  She knew she was making 
small moaning and "mmmphhh" noises, but she tried to keep the volume down.

She loved it when Chris fucked her like this, even if she had never been 
fucked while tied up before.  At least once a week she and Chris made love 
doggy style, and she loved how his penis filled and stretched her when he 
entered her like this.  Standing up was slightly different too, she 
realized, as he seemed to be hitting different sensitive points within her.  
"Mmmpppf" she moaned again.  And the new feeling of the vibrator buzzing 
inside her ass was just an extra bit of sensation - as if she needed 
anymore!

She heard him start to moan, and opened her eyes and swiveled her head as 
far as she could to see that he had closed his eyes and was now just 
concentrating on thrusting and removing his prick from her pussy.  She felt 
his pace increase, the hard thrusts building.  His face was starting to make 
its cute expression as he built to a climax, and then, with several hard and 
fast thrusts she felt him come inside her.  She thought, or imagined, that 
she could feel the pulsating streams of semen as they erupted from his penis 
deep inside her.  Thrust after thrust, he continued pumping into her, 
slowing from the rapid thrusts to a slow and steady in-and-out before coming 
to a stop still inside her.

She felt him lean forward over her back, and then kiss the top of her head.  
He lightly kissed down her head to her left ear, and then down her shoulders 
to the middle of her back, whispering "wow" through her tresses.

"Mm-hmmm, lover," she agreed.  "That was pretty incredible," she told him.  
She tried to turn her head to meet his lips, but couldn't quite get around 
to him.  He kissed her on the ears and cheek instead.  She gave his dick a 
quick squeeze with her vagina muscles, giggling at him.

"Hey - stop that!" he said into her ear.  "You'll push me out and make a 
huge mess!"

"Hate to tell you, Romeo, but I've got all sorts of stuff dribbling down my 
legs already, she told him, giggling further.  She felt him straighten up 
and move behind her, probably peering from side to side around their 
penis-to-pussy connection to see her legs.

"I guess you're right," came his voice from somewhere behind her, "but God 
was it worth it!"  She felt him momentarily place his hands on her behind, 
and then felt him withdraw from inside her.  Seconds later she felt a soft 
tissue press against her, dabbing lightly around the lips of her pussy.  She 
felt him grasp the vibrator in her ass and slowly withdraw it.  She felt it 
slide easily out her anus, and then felt his hand press the tissue against 
there as well.  He slowly wiped her entire backside and the tops of her 
thighs down to the tops of her stockings.

"My hero!" she told him with a laugh.

"Quiet, slave" he replied, and she felt a slap on her butt.

"Hey, enough with the 'slave' bit already" she told him.

"Should I remind you that you are still tied to this table, and completely 
within my power?" Chris replied.  She felt his fingers press against and 
then into her pussy and ass to punctuate his words.

Georgetta thought about this for a minute.  She decided that his payback for 
this was going to be an awful lot of fun, once she could reverse their 
positions.  In the meantime, she was still tied to the table, and really 
needed to get out of the bonds.  Now that Chris had stopped fucking her and 
the vibrator - correction - vibrators - weren't buzzing away inside of her, 
she was beginning to feel some soreness in her muscles from being in this 
same position for so long.  Her breasts were also slightly sore from the 
nipple clips.

"Very well, Master.  But your slave's back is starting to hurt and she 
requests that you untie her from this position," she told him.  Just let him 
think she was being submissive -- for now, she thought.  The next time he 
falls asleep in the bed, whammo!  We'll see who is tied up and helpless 
then!

Chris removed his fingers from inside of her and walked around the table in 
front of her.  He kneeled down in front of her and placed a hand under her 
chin, lifting her face up to his.  They kissed, entwining tongues and lips 
for several long minutes until she broke the kiss and shook her wrists down 
in front of him, jingling the chains on the handcuffs.

"The keys are on the chain around my waist," she told him.

Chris stood up in front of her and stepped to the side of the table.   She 
noticed that he had pulled his shorts back on.  Then she felt his hands on 
the skin near her waist, sliding the chain around her to find the clasp.  
Then she contracted her stomach muscles and felt the pull of the chain 
against her skin as he pulled it from around her waist, retrieving the keys. 
    Then, he walked around the table, pausing to set the gold chain on the 
kitchen counter.  He bent over and used the master chain lock key to undo 
the lock on the chain holding her neck collar to the lower chain between the 
table legs.

Leaning down next to her ear, he whispered "I'm going to release you from 
this position, but I want you to cooperate fully as I do this.  Otherwise, I 
may just have to go to the dry cleaner and a few other errands before I can 
release you...and I'll certainly replace a few things before I go."  They 
locked eyes and they both knew exactly what 'things' he was referring to.

He was smiling as he said this though, and Georgetta grinned back, nodded 
her agreement, and gave his cheek a quick kiss before he ducked away.

Chris switched keys and unlocked the handcuff holding her wrist cuffs to the 
chain between the table legs, but left her arms hanging over the table edge 
still locked together at the wrists.  Striding around the table, he leaned 
down and unfastened the chains from her ankles to the legs of the table, 
leaving her legs still fastened to the spreader bar.

He stood behind her, carefully pressing the bulge in his shorts against her 
ass, and carefully wiggled his fingers and hands up under her arms.  
Carefully grabbing underneath either arm, he lifted her backwards and 
upwards, standing her straight up and pulling her back against him.  His 
hands dropped down around her waist and steadied her as she wobbled 
unsteadily on her high-heeled shoes and struggled to find her balance.  She 
realized her hands were still locked together too, fastened together at the 
wrists by the one closed handcuff.

She felt Chris' arms around her, holding her, and then the feeling of his 
kisses on the side of her neck and on her shoulders.  His left hand was in 
the middle of her back, softly massaging the skin and muscles that were 
starting to protest their forced positioning of the last hour.  She felt his 
other hand slowly work around her back to her stomach, and then up to softly 
caress the underside of her breasts.

She felt the tenderness in her breasts, and winced when his fingers gently 
fondled her left nipple.  It would be a while before she put those nipple 
clips back on her breasts and then tied herself breast-down onto a table, 
that was for sure.  Then the hilarity of that thought struck her and she 
started laughing.   She realized then that she actually would consider tying 
herself back up again.

"What's so funny, love?" Chris asked her.

"It's all your fault you realize," she told him.  "What have you done to 
me?" she asked him, looking back and up at him.

"Done to you?  Me?" he asked her, in mock confusion and denial.  He moved 
around beside of her and then came and leaned against the table in front of 
her.  He kept his hands on her waist to steady her.

"Well, you realize that I tied myself up for you this morning, don't you, 
dear?

"Yes, I had noticed that," he replied.

"Did I surprise you?" she asked.

"Honestly, I was completely blown away by what you did to yourself," he told 
her.

"And you liked it, didn't you.  I know it turned you on - I felt it" she 
said, giggling with the last sentence.

"Yes, I was very turned on by what you did this morning."

"Well, to my complete surprise - so was I." She said.    "If you'd have told 
me last night that before the weekend was out I would place nipple clips on 
my breasts, masturbate myself with a vibrator, and deep throat you after 
tying myself to the top of our kitchen table, I'd have walked out on you.  
I'd have been completely convinced that you were one of those lunatic sex 
freaks you read about in the paper.  And yet, just now I was thinking about 
doing it AGAIN!

"Well, I-um-well-I-um- wait -- did you just say again?  Chris sputtered as 
he digested her words.

Georgetta pressed herself up against his chest and looked up at him.  "My 
love, you have no idea how turned on and horny I am right now.  All I can 
think about it taking you deep into my mouth and throat."

She paused for a second and collected the rest of her thoughts.  "You have 
no idea just how incredible it was to have you deep inside both my mouth and 
then my pussy.  Even in my ass!!  GOD there are so many sensations I can 
vividly feel right now."

She brought her hands up his chest, pressing her fingers wide against his 
skin and chest hair, the loose half of the handcuffs trailing below her 
hands.  She took the sides of his chin and face in her hands and pulled him 
towards her, meeting his lips in a fierce kiss.

She broke the kiss and looked directly into his eyes.  "Finish untying me so 
we can go back to bed and fuck some more!" she told him.  He practically 
jumped up to get the keys from the table.   He realized just how true her 
words were as he bent over to unfasten the spreader bar from her ankles.  
She had willingly just moved their sexual relationship well past the point 
they had been at any other time in their two-year relationship.  And she was 
still looking for more!

He undid the clips on the spreader bar but left the two ankle cuffs around 
her ankles - he somehow didn't think they were done with those yet.  He 
stood up and grabbed the handcuff holding her wrists together, and unlocked 
the cuff.  He left the two wristbands on either wrist.

She was just so incredibly beautiful as she stood there waiting for him.  
She still had the white camisole up around the tops of her breasts, although 
as he watched she reached up and unrolled it down over her breasts, settling 
it just above her belly button.  "Naughty Angel" was written in red 
lettering stretched across her breasts - he hadn't been able to read it from 
behind when he had lifted it up to remove the clips from her breasts.

Her legs were still encased in the white stockings, although one of the 
garters from the white belt around her waist had come loose.  He kneeled 
down and refastened it for her, and then stepped back up.  Leather bands 
were still locked around her neck, wrists, and ankles, and she stood on the 
four inch white heels, watching him watch her.  Her dark hair was slightly 
disheveled, and the ponytails weren't quite straight anymore, but it only 
made her more appealing.    She did a quick pirouette for him, delighting in 
the attention he was giving her.  She knew just how beautiful she was, knew 
that he thought she was beautiful, and especially loved to show off for him.

He reached down and lifted her up onto the table top, setting her just on 
the edge.  He stood between her legs and slowly rubbed each arm up and down 
several times.  She had the slight pins-and-needles feelings in both arms, 
and felt the numb sensation slowly go away as he rubbed her.  She placed her 
arms around his stomach and hips and pulled him towards her in a hug.  He 
brought her hands down to her chin and lifted her face upwards, and dropped 
his lips to hers in a long and luscious and wonderful kiss.  She dropped her 
hands to his butt and squeezed each cheek.  He chuckled in the midst of 
kissing her.

Chris slowly trickled his fingers up the outsides of her thighs, over her 
hips, and up the side of her stomach and to the sides of her breasts.  She 
felt him work his fingers up under the sides of the camisole, working the 
white fabric up and over the swell of her breasts.  She raised her arms up 
to allow him to lift it up and off of her.  He bent over to softly kiss and 
nibble on her right nipple, and she shook slightly as the sensation of his 
mouth on her breast.

She leaned back slightly and let him lick and kiss either nipple, but when 
he used his hands to push her breasts together and took both nipples into 
her mouth, she had to push him back as her tortured nipples just couldn't 
stand the attention.  "It's just too much right now - they are just so 
sensitive!" she told his hurt expression.

"Why don't we go back to bed?" she asked him.  She reached out and grabbed 
hold of his shoulders, and pulled him to her. He came to her willingly.  She 
wrapped her arms around his shoulders, and her legs around his hips.  She 
felt the press of his quiescent penis against her mound through the fabric 
of his shorts.

"Place your hands under my ass, pick me up, and take me to the bedroom," she 
told him.  Then a second thought hit her.  "Slave," she added quickly.  "To 
the bedroom, Slave" she told him in what she thought was a commanding tone.  
She locked her legs around his hips and pulled his chest to hers.

He grinned back at her, and she knew he had accepted the change in command 
of this weekend.  "Yes Mistress," he told her.   She felt him reach down and 
slide his hands up under her legs, felt his hands gently grasp her ass, and 
then lift her upwards.  Then he carried her from the kitchen and into the 
bedroom.


--------------
Continued in Chapter 12:  Now who's in Charge??, to be posted sometime in 
the next several days.

(The best part of this is the slow build-up - I can't give you the ending 
immediately!!)





Georgetta: The Bet Part II
by The Dolphin (MF cons light-bd)

The Bet Part II: Saturday Morning
Chapter 12:  Now who's in Charge??
Copyright 2000 The Dolphin31p@hotmail.com

"I think I want to fuck you on the bed, slave" she told him as he walked
through the door and back into the bedroom.  "Sit down on the edge of the
bed, gently and softly, or this is the last time this weekend you'll get so
much as a look at me," she told him, in her most authoritative tone.  She
knew the smile on her face took some of the effect away, but it certainly
seemed to do the trick.  Being in charge was kind of fun!

Chris carefully walked over across the carpeting and carefully sat down on
the edge of the bed, holding an ass cheek firmly each hand and keeping her
pulled tightly to him.  She felt his muscles ripple in his chest and under
the skin of his arms as he shifted her weight around and carefully sat down
on the bed with her in his lap.  Sometimes, she forgot how much larger and
stronger Chris was than she.  He was well over 6'2" and 200 pounds, and
dwarfed her petite size 4 frame.

"Lean back on the bed, my slave, and rest your weight on your elbows," she
told him, and he did as he was told.  She lowered her knees onto the
mattress on either side of his hips and crawled slowly and languidly up onto
his reclined body.  She let her fingernails run down his chest, perhaps as
little harder than she had planned.  Slight red scratches gleamed up at her
from the skin on his chest in the wake of her fingernails.  "Oops, I seem to
have scratched you, slave" she told him,

"Now what, Mistress?" he asked her from his position on the bed, ignoring
the red marks she had made.  She was pleased that he had adapted to the role
change.

"Use your legs and arms to move us further onto the bed, and then rotate us
so that you can put you head on the pillows.  Do this carefully and slowly -
I don't want to fall off of you, however!" she told him.

He lifted his buttocks up off the bed, lifting her into the air and
balancing her on his hips and pelvic area,  and moved himself backwards onto
the mattress.  Then, by moving his arms and legs, still carefully keeping
her balanced, he rotated them on the bed to move his head closer to the
pillows and his feet towards the foot of the bed.  Squarely placing his feet
on the mattress, he lifted upwards and slid his head and chest backwards,
moving towards the top of the bed.

Georgetta again watched the muscles ripple and move in his upper chest and
arms as he repositioned them on the bed.

After he had positioned them near the headboard, he asked her again, "now
what, Mistress?"

"Hmmm, I like this 'Mistress' thing," she thought to himself.    "Put your
hands behind your head, spread your feet apart, and don't move until I tell
you that you may," she told him.  He followed her instructions, locking his
fingers behind his head and moving his feet apart.

She placed her hands on his shoulders, and slowly lifted herself up off of
him.  She noticed that the mound under his shorts was a bit larger than it
had been a few minutes before.   "Hmmm - what do we have here?  Is something
astir here?" she asked him, looking speculatively down at his shorts.

"You do have a certain effect on me, Mistress," he replied.

"Well spoken, slave.  Lift up your hips for me - I wish these shorts to be
off of you."

Chris lifted his hips, and she slid her fingers inside the waistband of his
shorts, pulling them down.  He brought his legs together and raised them off
the bed, and she removed them from his legs.

She slid back up beside him on the bed and eyed his cock appraisingly.  She
reached out with her right hand and lifted it up by its head.  Still only
semi-erect, it flopped back down against his abdomen when she let it go.

"Rather pathetic, slave," she told him, trying to keep from chuckling as she
did so.

"Mistress did not think so just a little while ago," came his reply.

Georgetta turned and slapped him across the cheek, harder and louder than
she intended.  "Do not presume to think you understand what your Mistress
did or did not think, slave."  She said it as menacingly as she could, but
looked on with some concern as he brought his hands down from behind his
head to touch his face where she had hit him.  His face was turning red, she
realized.  'Oops - might have gone too far with that one, Georgetta,' she
thought to herself.

"Do not presume to think that way again," she told him, but couldn't help
herself and giggled.

Still rubbing his face, Chris replied, "I'm sorry Mistress.  It will not
happen again."  But he was smiling as he said it.

"It had better not," she replied.  "You will lick my pussy now," she told
him, surprising herself.  Neither of them swore much at all, let alone used
anything at all as explicit as the language they had both been using over
the last twelve hours.

"Yes Mistress," he said.

She moved up his body and then placed her knees on either side of his head,
and lowered herself directly onto his mouth.  She grasped the headboard with
either hand, and felt his tongue begin to lick and nibble on her clitoris
and pussy.  She closed his eyes and relaxed down on top of him as he started
her favorite nibbling and licking motion.  Chris was far and away the best
man she had ever met at oral sex - his lips and tongue seemed to quickly
find just the right spots to get her off, or to keep her hanging on the edge
of release for hours and hours.  He was using the slower approach this time,
using his tongue to flick back and forth over her clitoris for several
strokes before switching to the less sensitive outer edges and areas of her
pussy.  He would continuously rotate his attentions from place to place on
her opening, slowly building up the sexual tensions inside her.

She dropped her left hand to her own breasts and started carefully twisting
and tweaking the nipples of either breast through the white fabric of the
camisole.  Her breasts were very sensitive from the morning's experiences,
so she was careful as she massaged them.  Under her, Chris continued the
oral onslaught, picking up the pace and centering more and more attention on
her tender clitoris.   She felt his tongue press into her, feeling the push
and probing of his tongue on the insides of her pussy.

"Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh" she started, feeling yet another
orgasm start to build.  "More slave - more right there -
oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-ohhhhhhhhhh - YYYYYEEEESSSSSSSSS!" she cried out as the
orgasm ripped through her.  She felt Chris's tongue focus solely on her
clit, flicking back and forth over that nub as she shook with the orgasm.
Moments later, she had to lift herself off of his face, sparing her tender
clit from any further oral ministrations.

She looked down at his face, his lips and chin covered in her juices and
smiling back up at her.  "That was very, very good, Slave.  Mistress is
pleased."

"That is very good, Mistress," he replied, continuing to play his part.

"Is Slave excited?" she asked.  She carefully relaxed and leaned back
slightly setting her butt onto his chest.  Keeping one hand still on the
headboard for balance, she reached back behind her and let her hand trail
down his chest, through his pubic hair to find his penis.  He was erect
again, and felt hard and stiff beneath her fingers.  "Oh yesssss - Slave is
excited isn't he?

She looked down and saw Chris nod affirmatively beneath her.

"Does my Slave think he's earned attention from his Mistress?"she asked him,
idly stroking his length with her fingers.  She had an idea as to how to get
him to play along with her plan.

Chris nodded again.  Georgetta flexed her legs, lifting her backside up off
his chest.  She slowly backed herself down his body, and for a moment let
his erection press up against her vaginal opening.  His cock nestled right
into her pussy opening, and slid so nicely across her wet pussy lips that it
took more than a bit of her willpower not to simply sink down on him right
then and there, but she managed to regain control, and continued downwards,
backing her legs down over his and bringing his penis up past her breasts.
She gathered her free hair in her left hand and dropped her lips down around
the head of his prick.  Opening her mouth, she took his head inside her
mouth, and swirled her tongue around the ring.  Adjusting her head and neck,
she opened her mouth wider and slid her mouth down its length.

Letting her hair go completely, she placed her hands on either side of his
hips, bracing herself against the mattress, and sucked on his penis, pulling
it deeper into her mouth.  She adjusted the angle of her neck and head,
remembering how they had just done this out in the kitchen, and pressed her
head down farther towards his pelvis.  His penis slipped deeper into her
mouth, to the back of her throat.  She gagged again, readjusted positions,
and pressed in again.  She felt the head of his penis slip down her throat,
and her nose hit his lower abdomen muscles as she throated his length.

She pulled up and let his penis slip from her mouth, and looked up at him.
Chris was staring in amazement down at her.  "Does my slave like that?" she
asked.  He wordlessly nodded yes.  She bent down, took the head of his prick
in her mouth, and started down again.  She felt the same reaction again -
the slight gagging reflex when he pressed against the back of her throat and
then the shifting reflex as he slid into her throat.  In between each
deep-throating of his cock, she would take only the first two or three
inches into her mouth, and let her hand slide up and down his length.  Then
she would reposition and then deep-throat him again, and then do three or
four short bobs on his cock.  Up and then all the way slowly down, back up,
and then three or four short bobbing motions.

Each trip back down his length was a bit easier than the first, although the
feeling of his large cock inside her throat still felt pretty weird.  His
cock was getting thoroughly coated with her saliva, and glistened as she
came up off of it.  Part of her was very excited at being able to do this
for him, but a small part of her still thought about throwing up.  Luckily,
she managed to subdue the part that wanted to throw-up - it would kind of
ruin the mood if she suddenly upchucked all over her cooperative slave!

She slowly did three more cycles of this routine and then stopped, and then
brought her head back up off of him, letting his penis slip from her mouth.

"Why did you stop?" he asked her.

She reached up and laid an open-handed slap on his stomach.

"It is not your place to question me, Slave," she told him.

"Yes Mistress," he replied, wincing.  She watched his hands and arms twitch
as if to move down and protect himself from another slap, but he caught
himself and left his hands intertwined behind his head.

She crawled slowly up his body, briefly letting his penis press across her
pussy, and then sat down partly on his stomach.  She held her hands up in
front of her, in front of his face.

"Now, slave, unfasten these," she told him, indicating the leather cuffs
around either of her wrists.  With a suspicious expression on his face, he
released his fingers from behind his head and reached up to her left wrist.
A few deft motions and the leather wrist bracelet was off her left wrist,
and moments later he unbuckled the cuff on the other wrist.

"Now hold up your wrists for me," she commanded him.  He held his hands up
in front of her, his hands in loose fists.  She took the first cuff from his
fingers and buckled it onto his left wrist, and then repeated the process on
the second.  She barely got them buckled onto him, having to use the last
hole in the strap.

"Place your wrists up and towards the bed posts, and leave them there.
Don't move!!" she told him, and watch him comply.  He stretched his arms
out, moving either arm towards the sides of the headboard.   She placed her
hands on his chest and then lifted off him  completely, and before he could
say anything, jumped off the bed.

"Stay there, Slave!", she told him, and ran carefully across the bedroom,
and into the living room.  Having not walked since earlier that morning, she
had forgotten that she had the four-inch heels on, and she wobbled
momentarily in the carpeting before regaining her balance and walking
quickly through the rooms.  She scooped up several of the loose chains, and
after a second glance, the vibrator, and strolled back into the bedroom.
She set the vibrator down on the dresser, and then turned to Chris with the
other items.

"Your turn, Slave," she said to him, and waited to see his response.  He was
still laying against the headboard, arms outstretched, watching her.  She
wasn't entirely sure he would go along with this part - putting on the wrist
cuffs was one thing, but actually letting her tie him was another.  "The
safe word is 'Thunderbird'" she reminded him.  She really hoped he would go
along with this, but wasn't sure.

"Well, okay," he said to her finally, "but only for a little while.  I'm not
the one who lost the bet," he reminded her.

"Oh, goody!!!" she said to him, in her cutest and giddiest voice.  She even
flounced slightly for his benefit, setting her breasts a quivering, and then
threw in one of her patented hair tosses,.  She had long ago perfected the
'valley girl routine,'" and could call on the tone of voice and antics when
she chose to.  It still amazed her the things she was able to learn at work
when the men she worked with assumed her intelligence was equal to her bust
size!  A little flirting, some suggestive moves, and she was usually able to
get them to do almost anything for her.  And it was going to work again!

She approached the bed with the two chains.  He watched her dubiously, but
left his hands out near either bedpost.  She quickly looped one chain around
the headboard, and then, looking him in the eyes, snapped the lock onto his
right wrist.

"Ummmm, Georgetta?" he said to her as she walked around the bed, as he
pulled with his right wrist against the chain locking him to the headboard.

"Yes, Slave, did you want to ask your MISTRESS a question?" she replied, She
was wrapping the second chain around the other side of the headboard now.

"Ummmm...well...I...ummmm" he intoned, and glanced with his eyes from her
eyes
downward to his prick.  She glanced down to see that he was fully erect.
His penis was red and shiny, still glinting with her saliva and even some of
his pre-come.

"We'll get right back to that in a moment, Slave.  Mistress is just
finishing her preparations." She told him, and then locked the chain onto
his left wrist.  He glanced up at either wrist and shook his arms, rattling
the chains.  The headboard was a pretty solid and thick oaken headboard, and
she didn't think he'd free himself.  "But, seeing as you are being so good,
she jumped onto the bed, and crawled on top of him, but facing down his
body.  She leaned down and brought her mouth to his penis.  She also
carefully positioned her rear end just out of the reach of his head and
lips.

She gave the head of his penis a quick kiss, and then flewxed her legs and
hips so that she could look back up between them to look up at her lover.
"Slave is being such a good slavey-wavey," she told him in baby-talk tones.
He looked back at her briefly with a grin, and then resumed trying to reach
her pussy with his tongue.  She wiggled her butt suggestively in his face,
looking back at him playfully.  Then she returned her attentions to his
wavering prick.

Dropping her mouth to his penis, she pushed her head down, and pressed her
lips all the way down to his abdomen.  She found that each time she did this
it got a little easier - she hadn't really even gagged (much) when he
slipped down her throat.  She came back up and then went back down twice
more -- just enough to get him going again.  When she heard his first groan
she knew it was time to stop, so pulled off him again, this time letting her
teeth scrape lightly up the sides of his penis, and then let his dick pop
from between her lips with a loud slurp.  That was enough of a reward for
the moment!'

She had already realized it would not be as simple for her to tease and
torment him, as it had been for him to tease and torment her.  It wasn't as
if she could just use the vibrator on him - she didn't really think he would
cooperate if she tried to stick a vibrator inside of him!  So she had
decided that a little more "Mistress" participation on her part would be
needed to keep him just on the edge of frustration, not to mention the fun
she would have in doing it!

So, leaving him fastened to the headboard, she got up off the bed and walked
carefully out of the room.  She heard his pained cries calling for her to
come back to him, but tuned them out - she already knew how she would quiet
him down.  She closed the door to the bedroom and walked over to the
refrigerator.  She needed to give him (and herself!) a few minutes to cool
down before going back in for the next event.  She pulled the orange juice
from refrigerator and poured herself a tall glass.  The cold air from the
fridge felt good on her hot body as she stood in front of it barely dressed,
and replaced the carton.

She walked across the kitchen and over to the hall mirror.  She reached up
and readjusted the white "Naughty Angel" camisole, and then glanced in the
hall mirror and straightened the wording across her chest.  She spotted the
panty on the floor under the kitchen table leg, and strode over to the table
and bent over to retrieve it.  The front panel was still damp from her
earlier morning escapades, but she carefully tied the two bows on either
corner, and pulled it back on, readjusting the bows slightly to properly
center it over her dark bush.

She straightened the stockings and readjusted her garter belt, and then went
back and checked herself out in the mirror.  Her hair was a complete mess
from the morning's escapades, so she spent several long minutes brushing her
dark tresses.  She removed the two ponytail fastenings, intending to leave
her hair hanging free, and gave it a few extra brushstrokes to really make
it shine.  She reapplied the lipstick, again using her reddest color, and
gave herself a final look-over in the mirror.  "I'd certainly want to fuck
me!" she thought to herself with an impish grin.  "Now back to my handsome
captive," she said into the air.

                                             * * * * *

Chris rattled the chains once more, even though he knew they were tight and
weren't about to come loose.  It just felt better to do anything other than
simply sit there waiting patiently for Georgetta to come back to him.  His
penis was throbbing painfully.  She had almost brought him off with those
last few deep strokes on his prick, and now he was twitching and throbbing,
wanting to release its load into her warm and soft mouth.  He closed his
eyes and pictured the sight of his dick vanishing into her mouth, and
thought again of how good it had felt.  He was really glad he had thought to
push her to deep throat him when he had had the chance at the kitchen table,
and even more so that she had tried to do so on her own at her next
opportunity.  She had certainly remembered what she had learned!!!

But now she had left him.  "Georgetta!!" he called out again at the closed
bedroom door.  It remained shut.  He sighed and closed his eyes, and rested
his head against the pillow.

He heard the door open and looked up to see his lover walk back into the
room, albeit now wearing a little bit more clothing.  She had put on the
same white outfit she had been wearing when he had found her this morning in
the kitchen, although she had let her hair down from the two ponytails, and
it now hung softly around her face.  He loved Georgetta's hair, loved to
feel it, watch it move around her face, loved the smell of it - loved it
best when it hid her face as she sucked on his dick!!

Her breasts were straining against the white camisole, distorting the
letters of the 'Naughty Angel' slightly.  He whistled slightly and gave a
wide grin - he hadn't really appreciated just how well she filled out that
camisole.  The white cotton fabric clung tightly to the curves of her
breasts, enhancing them and hiding them mysteriously at the same time.  The
garment trailed away to her waist, revealing the taut stomach above the
garter belt and white panty.  He could clearly see the bikini lines from her
tan peeking out from the tanned flesh and the white lingerie.  Even from
across the room he could see the damp spot on the front of the panties.  She
had gotten dressed, but was still clearly very much aroused.

He thought it somewhat funny that he had to look around his erect penis to
see her - she had positioned herself in front of the bed directly opposite
his head, with his pulsing erection standing directly in his line of site.
If he didn't keep moving his head slightly from side to side, her face
became hidden from sight behind the head of his dick.

"Well, Slave" she said to him.  "How does your mistress look?"

Thinking quickly, he replied, "like the vision from heaven an angel ought to
be, Mistress!".  She smiled momentarily at the compliment, before catching
herself and trying to look intimidating again.

"I'm unhappy with you, my Slave.  You have failed to please your Mistress,"
she told him.

Amazed, he asked her, "what have I done to disappoint you, Mistress?"

"You, my slave, have not satisfied your Mistress," she replied, although a
slight giggle betrayed her.  She walked towards him as she spoke, stopping
at the foot of the bed, and looked at him over the footboard.  "I'm ever so
horny," she told him, and brought her hands up to caress either breast.  "My
body begs for attention, my breasts for unending kisses and caresses, and my
pussy for a man who can properly show me the respect and attention I
deserve!" she told him.

"Release me, Mistress, and I will prove that I am such a man!!" he cried to
her.  She was standing now directly at the bottom of the bed, and as he
looked at her, it seemed that his prick was positioned directly in front of
the cleavage between her breasts.  He wished very much that right now he was
between her breasts, with her warmth wrapped around his prick as he fucked
her beautiful breasts.

"I don't think so, Slave.  I have discovered that your presents satisfies
much more than your pitiful attempts," she replied, and stepped away from
the bed towards the dresser.

"Mistress?" he asked her, confused.  "My present?"

She stepped to the dresser and picked up the Teaser vibrator.  "This
present, Slave.  Your mistress finds this present very, very, satisfying,"
she told him.  He watched as she turned it on and held the now-buzzing toy
against her cheek.  Now in complete and total real amazement, he watched as
she slowly moved the sex toy down one side of her face, across her neck, and
then up the other cheek, feeling its vibrations against the soft skin of her
face.

Sensuously and slowly, she walked closer to him, stopping at the side of the
bed where he could still clearly see most of her body.  "Mmmmmm," as she
rubbed the toy down her neck and dropped it down to the cleavage of her
breasts peeking out over the tight camisole.  She suddenly moved it down
into that valley, and then wrapped her arms around her breasts, pushing the
globes together and trapping the silver toy between them.

"Is this where you would like that pitiful penis to be right now, Slave?  Do
you think yourself worthy of having me engrip your tiny penis between my
glorious busom?" she asked him.  She was still trying to be firm with this,
but he saw her momentarily smile.

"Where is she getting this stuff from?" he thought to himself.  Must be
those trashy romance novels she's always reading.  Then he realized that he
had been thinking about doing exactly that just moments ago!  "Is she
reading my mind?" he thought to himself.

"Mmmmm, yeah baby, right there, baby," she said, speaking down to her
breasts.  "Yessssss" she said, squeezing her breasts and shaking slightly
for his benefit.  She brought her right hand up and pulled the vibrator from
between her breasts.  He noticed both nipples protruding starkly against the
white fabric.  Glancing down, he also saw the damp spot on the white panties
was now noticeably darker and larger.

She withdrew the vibrator from between her breasts and then rubbed it slowly
up and down over her nipples, alternating between the left and right.  Her
free left hand squeezed and caressed her left breast when the vibrator was
rubbing her right.  As he watched, entranced, the left hand left her breast
and wandered downwards across her stomach and belly button and stopped on
the damp spot on the panties.

"Look at me, Slave!  Look at my eyes," she told him, and he snapped his
vision back up to look at her face.  She was still smiling though, and
definitely enjoying herself.

"Well, I can play along with this for a few more minutes," he thought to
himself, "but then I'm going to need to do something about this erection."

She turned slowly then to her left, turning her backside to him and
swiveling her head to watch him watching her.  "Are you watching me, Slave?"
she asked him over her shoulder.

"Yes Mistress!" he replied.  He let his eyes drop quickly to see her bring
the vibrator around her hip and then begin moving upwards and downwards over
her panty-clad ass, just inside the white frame formed by the white garter
belt and garters to her stockings.  Back and forth over either ass cheek she
moved it, occasionally changing hands to better stroke the curves on either
side of her buttocks.    While one of her hands stroked her backside with
the vibrator, the other was caressing and moving over her other cheek.  As
he continued watching, she brought the toy up over her right hip, and then
it reappeared on the tanned underside of her right thigh, just above the
stocking top.  Then, it moved upwards and connected with the strip of white
fabric covering her pubic mound, and this time she let out the loud moan as
the tip of the buzzing toy touched against her.

"Oh Yes, Slave, this is so much better than you!" she told him.  He looked
up guiltily to see her eyes on him, her brown ones sparkling merrily in the
light from the bedside lamps, and then dropped his eyes to watch her hand
and the vibrator between her legs.  She didn't tell him not to look this
time, so he continued to gaze hungrily.  He watched as she began rubbing the
tip of the toy up and down over the white fabric, dropping to  the inside
thighs with every odd stroke or so.  Her soft moans and chirps increased,
and he knew this wasn't entirely an act anymore - she was really getting
into it.  She changed the angle of her stroke, and now it was the entire
side of the vibrator rubbing against her pantied mound, and not just the
small tip.

Her left hand was resting on her left knee, and the other hand began working
faster and faster between her legs.  She was bent over now, thrusting her
buttocks towards him

"I think I need to get rid of these," she said, and brought her left hand up
to the bow on her left hip.  She gave it a tug, and it unfastened.  The
white strips of fabric fell away, exposing all of her backside to him.  Her
right hand moved over and pulled open the other tug, and the slip of white
fabric fell away from her, fluttering softly to the floor.

She bent over completely, spreading her legs wider and touching her toes,
giving him a clear look at her ass and her pussy.  She was clearly aroused,
as the lips of her pussy were slightly swollen, and he could see traces of
liquid along the length of her opening.  He watched as she slowly brought
the vibrator up in her right hand, running it up her stocking-clad leg and
thigh and bringing the point right up to her opening.  Not stopping, she
turned her hand, pressed the nose inside her, and then pushed.  The toy
vanished into her, all the way to its knob, barely held between her
forefinger and thumb.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh yesssssssssssssssssss-that feels sooooooo goooooddddd," she
exclaimed, looking back up at him from between her legs.  He realized he was
holding his breath and exhaled in a loud sigh.  He watched as she slowly
withdrew the toy from inside herself and then thrust it back in.

"Yesssssssssssssss!!!" she shrieked as her fingers pressed up against her
pussy lips, having thrust the toy completely inside her.  He brought his
gaze back to her face only to see her watching him back, and then redirected
his gaze back between her legs.  Slowly, she withdrew and then reinserted
the vibrator, and then again and again, faster and  faster until it and her
hand were almost a blur between her legs.  Her moans of "Yes" and "Ohhh" got
louder and more frequent as he watched his girlfriend fuck herself right
there in front of him - no more that two feet away from him.

Suddenly she stopped, and withdrew the vibrator.  She stepped carefully
backwards a step or two, moving almost directly beside his upper chest and
exposed underarm on his left side.  She brought her right foot up and placed
the white heel on the side of the bed near his left hip, bending her leg at
the knee.  This brought her ass and pussy within inches of the side of his
body, no more than seven or eight inches away.  Then she brought the
vibrator back up, pressed it against her, and thrust it home again.  He
could smell her strongly now - a mixture of sweat and juices wafting through
the air and deep into his nostrils.

She resumed the fucking motion again, only now she was only a few inches
away.  She moved her ass and hips back towards his face.  He leaned forward,
trying to touch or taste her with his tongue, but she coyly held herself
just out of reach.  She momentarily withdrew the vibrator from inside
herself and touched the tip of the toy to his tongue, and then reinserted it
inside herself.  He swallowed this taste of her juices eagerly, but couldn't
reach her for more.

She was getting closer to another orgasm.  He noticed her eyes had closed,
and the free hand alternated between steadying herself on the side of the
bed and massaging her breasts.  Her right hand continued to move rapidly
between her legs.  He heard the sound volume and frequency of her moans
increase, and knew she was about to hit.

And then her orgasm broke, and she dropped her right leg on the bed,
kneeling down on her right knee and holding onto the bed with her free hand
while she slowed the manipulations of the vibrator as her orgasm coursed
through her body.  Chris shook the chains again, even heard the headboard
crack a bit as he strained against the chains, but of course still couldn't
reach her.  He looked down and saw his penis was almost purple, it was
swollen so hard.

"Georgetta" he cried out, plaintively.  He knew it came across more as
begging but didn't care.  She had to do something about the level of sexual
frustration she had caused him.

Georgetta brought her head up and glanced back at him.  It seemed to him
that it took her eyes a few minutes to focus, based on how she stared at him
for a few seconds.  "Did you say something, Slave?" she asked him, more a
run-on sentence than a coherent phrase.  Her eyes were almost glowing, and
her face was flushed.  She leaned backwards, and turned to face him.  Her
breasts were straining and heaving against the white camisole, her hard
nipples pressing pointedly out against the thin fabric, her breathe coming
in deep ragged gasps.

"Geor-" he started, and then caught himself.  "Did Mistress enjoy herself?"
he continued.  She was clearly in charge here, so he'd best play it her way.
  Hopefully, she was so turned on that she would now immediately fuck him.
Turnabout was turning out to be not necessarily fair play, he realized.

Georgetta took a few more deep breathes and gathered her thoughts before
speaking again.  "Yes Mistress did.  I told you, Slave, that the present was
much more satisfying."  She glanced over at his purple and throbbing penis.
"Let's compare the two of them, shall we?"  She brought the vibrator, still
humming, up from between her legs and set its bottom down on his lower
abdomen, and then held the toy up against his length.  The toy was an inch
or two shorter than his penile shaft length, nor was it as wide.

"Hmmm - perhaps I underestimate you slave!" she said, flashing him a
mischievous grin.

"Perhaps Mistress should try her slave again?" Chris said suggestively.  He
knew there was a bit more pleading in the request than was proper, but he
was getting desperate too!

Georgetta brought the toy up and then turned the knob to off.  She set it
down on the bed.  She was trying to remain calm and cool and appear in
control, but she was still shaking inside from that last orgasm, and she
couldn't help but look at Chris' throbbing penis right in front of her.  It
was probably in its largest and most swollen state that she had ever seen -
it was a dark purplish red, and she could almost see it pulse as blood
rushed through the veins in his shaft.

She reached out with her hand and tried to grasp his rod.  Her fingers
closed around its circumference, but barely.  She brought her hand up and
then down his shaft, her hand still coated in her own juices.  His prick
gleamed slightly in the light.

She trailed her hand down to his balls, and then up into his pubic hair,
tugging lightly.  She let her hand move up over his stomach and then up his
chest.  She moved up onto the bed, and brought her other hand to his chest
as well.  She massaged his chest and pectoral muscles, tweaking his nipples.
  She continued up his chest, and swung her left leg up and over his
stomach, sitting herself on his lower abdomen.  She could feel his dick
pressing up against her backside, nestling between her butt cheeks.  She
moved either hand up the side of his neck and to his ears, and then brought
her face down to his, matching her lips to his.

Fighting to maintain her own control, she brushed her lips against his,
pulling away from him as he raised his towards her.  When his head dropped
back to the pillow, she again gave him a quick kiss, this time slipping her
tongue lightly over his lips.  She repeated this another two times before he
caught her tongue with his lips, and sucked her lips to his.  She gave in
and met his kiss back, feeling his tongue press into her mouth and then
boldly pushing back into his with her tongue.

She raised her back and butt slowly and then brought her backside back down,
letting his rod slide up the back of her ass, nestling slightly between her
cheeks.  As she continued to kiss him, she continued raising and lowering
her backside, feeling his cock press between her ass cheeks.  She could feel
him strain and move, trying to position the head of his cock at the entrance
to her pussy, but she kept moving just far enough away from him to keep him
from entering her.  He had certainly teased her to no end and she intended
to make him feel every bit of that sexual frustration back.

She brought her hands back down to his chest and shoulders and then abruptly
sat back up, breaking the kiss.  He looked up at her, a passionate but
hungry look on his face.  She knew she had him.  She dropped her hands to
either of his nipples, and then arched her fingers, pressing her nails into
his skin.  She moved her hands downwards, leaving red scratch marks in his
skin on either breast.  He screamed out an "Owwww!" as she did so, and even
bucked under her.

"That," she said to him with her evilest and meanest face, " was for that
damned on-and-off switch on the vibrator.  She grabbed his left nipple with
her fingers and twisted, getting another shriek for him.  "And that was for
making the pot of coffee this morning while I was tied up to the table!"

She moved her hands down his chest to his lower rib muscles, pressing
against right where his ribs ended and his stomach began.  She repositioned
her legs and feet, and then extended her legs straight while pressing down
against his chest.  She lifted her left foot and toed his penis with the
point of her shoe, and then used the pointed heel to trail down the side of
his hip and down his thigh.  Then she planted her foot back aside his hip.

"And finally this!"  She angled her knees slightly to infer that she was
going to drop her knees down on his penis, still pointing straight up
towards her.

She saw the fear in his eyes and saw him wince and try to shift position as
she began to lower herself towards him, still aiming both knees towards his
penis.  He shut his eyes, and as he did she dropped her right hand from his
rib to grab his prick, and then she swung out her knees and then guided his
stiff penis directly into her pussy.  She lowered herself completely onto
him and felt him push all the way up and into her.  She felt him press deep
and completely inside her as she bounced down on top of him.

His eyes flew open in surprise and he looked up at her.  It took her a
moment or two to finish her sentence, so incredible was then sensation of
him filling her up.  "This," she repeated, "is for getting me this turned on
and aroused for this entire weekend!!!" she finished with a yell, and leaned
down and kissed him.  He met her lips again and their tongues resumed their
entwining dance.

Keeping her lips locked, she used her leg muscles to lift herself off him
and then plunge back down, and then again and again, moving into a steady
fucking motion.  He felt so incredibly huge inside of her!!  "You, slave,
are so big!!" she told him.  She saw the red marks on his chest where she'd
scratched him - one or two were even red with a bit of blood, so she felt a
little guilty.

He just looked up at her happily.  "I love you," he said to her.

"I love you too, Slave," she said back, impishly.  She raked his chest with
her nails again, but lighter this time so.  He still struggled slightly
beneath her.  She pushed herself back erect on him, and wiggled her hips
with him buried inside him.   He felt so impossibly huge inside her, a large
wedge pressing and moving within her, only in pleasure not in pain.

"I kind of like the thought of having your big cock in my bed, available for
my use at any time," she said, lifting up and then back down onto him.

"All you have to do is ask - I'm always willing!" he relied, and arched his
back to push up into her.  She moaned as he thrust inward.

She flexed her leg muscles and lifted almost entirely off of him, leaving
just the tip of his penis inside the entrance to her pussy, and then as
slowly as she could, sank down onto him again.  It felt like he just kept
going and going and going deeper into her.  She looked down and was
surprised to see him only halfway inside of her, so she slowed even more,
moving centimeter by centimeter downwards.   She struggled to maintain
control and not just rush downwards, and looking down at his face she saw
that he was fighting to maintain his control as well.

She reached up with both hands and grabbed the top of the headboard, just as
she had the night before.  She moved her heels to be on either side of his
hips, and then let her whole weight push herself down onto his shaft.
Without his hands to help lift her up and down on his prick, she had to do
all the work, and the bed creaked as she alternated pulling on the headboard
to lift herself up, and then releasing to slide quickly down his shaft.  He
was squirming and moaning beneath her, and she knew from the look on his
face that he was about to come, so on the next upward motion she slid up and
off of him completely.

'One last bit of teasing' she thought to herself.  She straightened her legs
and stood up fully on the bed, letting go of the headboard.  She brought her
right hand up to caress her breasts while the other trailed down between her
legs.  She let her left forefinger idly trail in her dark pubic hair and
then inserted her finger slowly between the lips of her pussy as he stared
up at her.

"I think I'm finished, Slave.  Thank you," she said down to him, slowly
manipulating her nipples with one hand and fingering herself with the other.

"But-but-but" Chris stammered beneath her. "Georgetta?" he asked up to her.

"What is it worth to you, Slave?" she asked him, and inserted her finger as
deep inside of herself as she could.

"Anything Mistress!" he said quickly back.

"Very well then Slave," she said back to him.  "One fantasy, to be fulfilled
by you, at my command," she told him.

"Agreed", he said immediately.  'But I've got the pictures,' Chris thought
to himself...

'Men are just so easy to control,' she thought to herself.   She stood for
another three or four seconds, idly inserting one finger inside of herself
and looking down at him as he looked up at her helplessly.  She watched him
watch every movement of her hands and fingers as she moved them into and out
of her pussy.

"Well, very well slave, but believe me - I will collect on that!"  She
dropped both hands to the headboard and then squatted down over him again.
She had to use her right hand to guide him into her again, but he slid right
back inside her.  She slid down once, then up, and then down again, and then
he was coming, spasming inside of her.  She slid up and down and up and down
and up and down as he moaned and thrashed beneath her.  He was breathing
hard, with loud gasps for air escaping his lungs as she slowed the motions
of her hips above him.  She felt him pulsing inside her as he came within
her, felt his prick pressing inside and around her, and the juices
circulating around his dick as he moved in and out of her.  She loved the
feeling she got when he came inside her, loved the feeling it gave her to
look at his happy face as he took pleasure in their mutual pleasure.

She repositioned her legs and stopped moving on him, sitting on his stomach
and lower abdomen as their joint breathing slowed down to allow them to talk
again.  She could feel their combined juices seeping out from her, around
where his prick was wedged inside her.

She flexed her vaginal muscles around him, holding him deep inside her, and
then carefully leaned over towards the nightstand.   She picked up the keys
to the chains and used them to then unlock his wrists from the headboard.
She tossed the keys over on the floor as she felt his arms reach up around
her.  She leaned forward as he hugged her, and then they kissed again.  She
felt his arms around her, holding her close, and then the soft caresses of
his hands on her back and buttocks, the tender kisses and nibbles as he
kissed her cheeks and neck and ears, enjoying the feeling of holding each
other close.

Seconds later the phone rang.  They both started up for a second, before she
kissed him back and said "let the machine get it."  After the fourth ring,
the answering machine picked up, and they both heard her voice on the
recording.

"Hi - you've reached Georgetta.  I'm either on the other line or else
otherwise tied up right now and can't take your call, so leave a message and
I'll call you back"  BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP.

Chris looked up at her in surprise, and then started laughing.  She smiled
back, and then joined him.  They couldn't even hear who was leaving the
message.

* * * * *

THE END of THE BET, but not of the story or of our happy couple.  Look for
"The Next Weekend" coming to a ASSM newsgroup server near you in a week or
two.  (And please note that yes, I need to come up with a better title for
the story before I actually post it).





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  The Dolphin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





