BDSM Library - A Session With Bondage/Pain Slut Patrick




A Session With Bondage/Pain Slut Patrick
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A description of some very extreme male bondage with CBT and some intense mummification.
A SESSION WITH BONDAGE/PAIN SLUT PATRICK
 by pcm_man
 pcm_man@hotmail.com




A SESSION WITH BONDAGE/PAIN SLUT PATRICK
 by pcm_man
 pcm_man@hotmail.com
========================================

This is an example of a possible session that could be done with patrick all in
one time frame.   The time frame could be anywhere from 4 hours to 8 hours just
based on how quickly things are done and how many or if there are any quite
times for patrick.  Everything that is presented here are things that patrick
has experience with or that he does want to experience.  patrick has a high pain
tolerance when properly stimulated with bondage, humiliation and touch of
nipples, cock, balls, ass and so on.  He goes into sub space in a way that is
very obvious to an experienced domme.  His body is extremely flexible for all
types of extreme bondage positions such as arms sealed together behind the back. 
Also periods of long term bondage has been done before.

Now on with the example session!

=======================================

I know that you want to place me into extreme bondage and then follow that with
intense play to my nipples and CBT.  You come to me all dressed as a beautiful
women, nylons, high heels, large tits, hair done and makeup on.  Your voice is
loving but harsh.  You are in command of me and you expect me to help you in the
progression of my hard and extreme bondage.

You tell me to remove all my clothing...  the room is warm so that I don't get
cold.  You waste no time.  I have my arms placed behind me palm to palm.  Saran
wrap is used to bind the arms together starting at the hands and working all the
way up forcing my elbows tighter and tighter until they are smashed into each
other.  Out comes the duct tape.  You wrap my hands together and work up the
single arm completely enclosing my arms in the tape. You finish only when it
looks like I have NO arms from the front view of me and from behind I look like
a single odd shaped arm going down the middle of my back.

You look at me and see that I am starting to fall into sub space.  You slap my
face a few times lightly at first but then a little harder.  You speak to me as
a pain slut and whore. You humiliate me to the worst that I have known.  My cock
grows as you play with me exposed and outstanding nipples.

You waste no time with my bondage.  A small steel boned corset is placed around
my waist and the laces are worked to close the gap. The pressure is incredible
as you tighten and tighten the laces.  I complain and you slap me several times
then you reach down and tie off the laces.  Now I have to take small breaths
since my waist is reduced at least 6 inches.  Rope is taken around my waist and
around my bound arms at my back wrapping tightly four times and then a cinch
rope goes between my bound arms and corset.  This sets my arms completely in
place.  But the ropes are for some other reason as well.  You take out a large
rubber dildo and show it to me.   You place your fingers up my ass hole with
lubrication and then you force it slowly all the way into my body.  I feel so
full and it was painful.  You now take a nylon luggage strap and fold it over
the front of the rope at my waist and bring it back twice to the cinch area at
my back.  You position the strap directly over my ass crack and then you pull
and keep pulling with buries the strap into my ass crack keeping the large dildo
deep within my body.

I am still standing as you take more saran wrap and begin to wrap it around my
chest.   You use ping-pong balls taped over my nipples so that you can cut
around them to release my nipples for your torture after the bondage is
complete.  The wrap is worked from my shoulders down to my knees and back up
again driving my arms into my backside unable to move at all.  You take a
scissors and move down at my crotch to poke a small hole to pull out my cock and
balls.  This is important because you had told me you intend to work very hard
on my cock and balls after the total mummification is complete.

You bring out duct tape.  Again you begin wrapping by doing it over the saran
wrap.  You go from the bottom above the knees to up and over my shoulders and
then do a second layer back down.  Each loop is tighter than the last.  A
scissors comes out and you use it to cut where the ping pong balls are and pop
those out bringing my nipples out through the duct tape.  You pull hard on each
one and trim the tape around those nipples that you wish to torture and bind. I
know now you need to lay me onto the bed.  You have me waddle slowly over to the
edge of the bed and then you push me down onto it.  Using a chair you support my
feet. You fold my legs back at the knees and he wrapping of saran wrap begins
from the knees down to my feet and back.  You push hard to make the heel of my
feet deep into my ass as you wrap it in more saran wrap.  Then so too does the
duct tape go on.  It is sealed twice. My feet are one on top of my ass forming a
single short leg tightly bound.

You rest a bit...   and talk with me.  You tell me about the evening of things
to come.  You humiliate me in your speech.  You just play lightly with my cock
and balls.  You rise up and bring the chair to the other side of the bed.  You
slide my body over the edge and on to the chair.  I am told that my face and
head will now be severely bound.  I will no longer hear or see or speak.

First the ears are stuffed with earplugs very deeply and then cotton balls are
placed over the plugs with duct tape then closing off the ear itself. The eye
sockets are pressed and filled with cotton balls and taped.

The nose ridges are built up so the nose does not compress and I lose breathing. 
Short but wide nose tubes are inserted.  Now,the tongue is sealed in place using
some type of gauze both above and below the tongue and fill the rest of the
mouth using a cotton cloth soaked in your piss. Using duct tape you begin taping
the mouth and entire face, chin and neck with strips of duct on all available
areas of skin.  Multiple layers are used to seal and smooth the entire face. At
least two full complete layers of duct tape is used but the result is that you
can no longer see or tell any of my features.  All you can see is two tubes
coming out from what used to be my face.

Co-Flex is now used over the entire head and face. My head and face are fully
wrapped in at least 2 or 3 full rolls of purple Co-Flex.  After that you begin
the application of the 1" PVC tape to completely seal my head and face.  Yes I
can feel the thickness and pressure of the bondage! The PVC tape wrapping is
done in multiple layers all around my head and face evenly distributed but with
attention directly over the eyes, ears, mouth and from the under the chin to the
top of the head.  Just make it very tight on everywhere but the eyebrows and
forehead.  Everywhere else the pressure should be incredibly intense.  I
continue to hear and to feel the PVC tape coming off the roll as you hold my
head and pull the tape over and around again and again.  The pressure grows but
you do not stop. The wrapping is as tight as possible.  You now slap my head
several times just to get the feel of it.  Now you use duct tape to seal my head
and neck down onto my shoulders to keep my head connected to the rest of my
mummified body.

You bind my cock shaft very very tightly with PVC tape from right under the head
all the way to the base and back up again.  Now take four of the small plastic
cable ties and place them right under the crown of my cock head pulling them
tightly so that the plastic couplings are opposite each other on each side of
the crown of my cock.

You now have four couplings around my cock head just under the base of the
crown.  You tighten then until they deeply sink into my cock cutting off the
head of my cock from the shaft.

Now snip off the ends of the plastic cable tie that you had tighten.  Now the
binding and segmenting of my cock head can begin. My cock head begins to turn
purple and you want to deeply segment the head into four equal pieces.  Using
thin nylon line you begin to tie the line over the coupling under the crown and
that it over the top of the head to the other side and loop it around the other
coupling.  You take this and tighten it deeply driving it all the way down into
the head of my cock completely segmenting it in half actually burying the line
down into the head.  You see I have a split cock head but you want more.  Taking
another long piece of nylon line you use the other two coupling to segment the
other side of the head making four pieces to my cock head.  You drive the line
very very deeply into the head of my cock knowing there is no limit on how
deeply you can distort the head.  You stand back and look at my purple segmented
cock head.  It doesn't look real.  My cock head is four pieces of a round purple
ball looking like four hard shiny balls that are bound together.  You do not
even see the nylon line which is segmenting the spheres since the line is buried
so deeply into the head meat.

My cock head continues to get more and more deeply purple.  It also begins to
swell.  All four ball segments start to become larger.  The nylon line is
totally unviewable.  Looking at it you would believe that it was not bound but
deformed.


Cock bondage

The cock can be bound in so many ways...  The best way is the use of rawhide
laces, string, cord, and plastic cable ties or 1/2" PCV electrical tape.  All of
these allow for incredible pressure to be created to bind into the cock.  The
cock could even be segmented to a large degree based on the tightness of the
bindings.  Please generate as much pressure as you can. I can take any degree of
cock bondage.  Also the cock can be moved between the legs and up the ass.  Tied
in place as that with the balls pulled back it looks like there is no cock.

Ball bondage

The balls are open to a lot of play. Use rawhide laces, rope or 1/2" PCV
electrical tape.  The main thing to do is to draw down the balls, isolating them
from the body and extending them as far as you can.  Gather the two balls
together by the bondage creating a bright shiny single sphere out of two balls. 
Isolate them like they are hanging from a very narrow connection bound back to
the scrotum.  To make the two balls tighter as one, continue to isolate and
press the balls up by placing more rope, laces or tape right behind the balls
making a tighter and more pressured round shiny circular ball.  Once you have
developed this as tightly as you wish now you may use very thin plastic cable
ties.  These you can place around the single shiny ball in multiple directions. 
Pull the tie through tightening them down on the ball sack.  After you have at
least three cable ties in place now you begin to tighten them hard to dig down
into the hard ball sack making it even harder and more distorted.

Probing

Probing of the inside of my cock can be done using crochet hooks.  They are
cheap, come in multiple thickness and (best of all) have a wider and flatter
finger handle in the middle of the 7" long metal probe.  The probes and stuck
down into the head of my cock with a slight lubrication of Vaseline.  The blunt
end enters first.  Actions can be done with up to three of four probes inside my
cock at once.  The twisting, turning and pumping action causes internal
sensations all the way into my cock.  After playing with them the probes can be
taped inside of me by inserting them all the way into and beyond the head of my
cock and then taping the cock head shut.

Cock beating

I will bring with me a wood paddle, a switch, a wood spoon and a meat
tenderizer.   Once I am bound and mummified you will place me on my back on the
bed.  Now you can take a book or the wood paddle and lay my cock down on that
surface.  Using these tools you can beat my cock against the surface that you
hold my cock onto.  And yes, a ruler will also be good to use.  The head of the
cock can be used to tie a loop around and then bring the string under the board
to hold down the cock so that you can have your hands free and you'll have full
access to my cock.  Once you feel good about the beating you have given the one
side of my cock then just bring the cock up and over to the other side tying the
head down and then begin your beating again on that new side.  You could nicely
bruise my cock as you hit and beat it with different tools.  Another added
variation would be an "inside" beating so to speak.  This would be done by
inserting at least one probe into my cock, taping it in place and then
continuing with the cock beating.  What this would do is to cause force to be
placed against my urethra as you are beating my cock effectively causing some
internal as well as external cock pain.  Another way to beat my cock would be to
severely bind the cock before doing the beating.  Refer back to the cock bondage
section above.  This will allow for a much harder cock to beat.  A much
different sensation.


Nipple bondage

Nipple bondage is done using either heavy thread or dental floss.  The nipple
can be pulled out by using your fingernails or the placement of an alligator
clamp on the very end of the nipple with a weight to hold it down and out.  You
can begin with a loop at the back of the nipple and start with a very secure
knot over multiple turns around the back part of the nipple.  The idea is to
continue to build up the nipple by binding it tighter and tighter down on the
areola.  It can be as tight as you can make it.  The nipple can stand out as
much as 3/4" when you are done with the nipple bondage.  Now you can play rough
with them since you have them exposed and trapped for your use.


Needle work in nipples and cock head

Begin to place needles in my nipples.  At least two each per nipple crisscrossed
against each other.  Using more needles totally penetrate all the way through
then you will be able to use string and weights to enhance nipple bondage or
nipple stretching.


Isolation

Using severe bondage techniques such as mummification, hogties and container
bondage you can place me in isolation for long periods of time.  In an ideal
world as long as 18 hours in bondage and isolation would be a good start...


Skin work

The skin is the largest organ of the body.  Use brushes of all types to scrape,
buff and brush all areas of the skin.  Over nipples, breast, cock head, ass,
chest...  make the nipples raw...  scratch the head of my cock.  Turn me into on
ball of sensitive slut meat!


Enough for an End...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  pcmman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





