BDSM Library - Family Life




Family Life
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a sequel to story "The Mansion". In that story, society changed to make women possessions that are owned by men. Here let's take a look of the life of these families.
Attached is my story Family Life, a sequel to my prior story The Mansion. 
This story is fictional and involves nonconsentual torture. I do not condone
the activities described except as fantasy.

Family Life

Note: This is a sequel to my prior story, The Mansion. In that story,
society changes to make women possessions that are owned by men. This story
is set a generation later.

By Mad Dog




Family Life

Note: This is a sequel to my prior story, The Mansion. In that story,
society changes to make women possessions that are owned by men. This story
is set a generation later.

By Mad Dog

Chapter 1: In Trouble

Julie Matthews worried all the way home. Her Mother, Beth, could tell there
was something wrong as soon as she came through the door. "What's wrong,
dear?" Beth asked. Julie handed her the report card. Beth read it, "You
failed Cock Sucking! Oh dear! Your father will be very angry." A tear rolled
out of the corner of Julie's eye "I'm sorry, Mom. I tried really hard. I
just can't get it into my throat. Do you think Dad will punish me hard."


Beth stroked her daughters hair, "I'm afraid so. He'll be so mad he'll
likely take you down to the punishment room." Julie's eyes opened wide with
terror. Her father had punished her with the strap before but had never
taken her into the locked basement. She had seen her mother taken downstairs
and even the heavily insulated door couldn't stop the screams from being
heard upstairs. She had also seen the horrible bruises and the pained
movements that had lasted for days. On some occasions, her mother would come
up with her already huge tits swollen to a grotesque size. The swelling
would last for days and even brushing against her mother's chest would cause
her to wince in pain.

Julie wept softly, "Mom, I'm scared." Beth said, "I know, Dear. This is
going to be quite awful for you but we'll try and make it not as bad. We
have to try and please your father as much as possible before we tell him.
He's less severe when he's had a lot of sex." Julie's tears increased, "But
Mom, it really hurts when he fucks me, I really hate it." Her mother took
her by her shoulders, "I know he's big and you always try to get out of sex
with him but it's much less painful than the punishments he has downstairs.
Tonight, we have to try and get him to use us as much as possible so he won'
t punish you as long. I know you hate it but try and get him to fuck you as
much as possible, even in your ass. Beg him to fuck you if you have to."

Julie led her terrified daughter to her bedroom and told her to get
undressed. Julie was 14 years old with long jet-black hair. Like her mother
she was short and buxom. Even at 14 her measurements were 36D-23-35 with
large erect nipples. On her 4' 11" frame, the breasts looked even larger.

Beth handed her daughter a T-shirt that was cut short. Julie pulled it on
and the bottom of it came just below her nipples leaving the underside of
her breasts exposed. Lifting her arms to any height bared her dark nipples.

Next, she gave her a pair of jean cutoffs. They were cut high and only had a
thin strip of frayed cloth as a crotch. Julie pulled them on. They exposed a
generous amount of her full ass and her dark pubic hair curled out either
side of the crotch. Beth stood back and examined her daughter. Satisfied
that almost any movement would flash cunt or tit, she led her into the
Master bedroom.

Tapping her finger on her lips, Bet looked through her closet and drawers.
Finally, she settled on a see-through blouse and an ultra-short black skirt.
She got undressed and looked at herself in the mirror. At 31 she was
stunningly beautiful. Walter had bought her at 13 and she had the first of
her 5 children at 15. However, the constant exercising that Walter insisted
upon had kept her firm. She was 5' tall and measured 42DD-25-37. Like all
the Matthews, she had black hair and a fair complexion. Her nipples were
long and surrounded by large dark areola. At Walters's instruction, she kept
her pubic hair untrimmed.

She pulled the shear blouse on. The top button was just above her navel and
the blouse opened wide above it showing the tops of her huge tits. Her dark
nipples showed clearly through the transparent cloth. She wriggled into the
tight skirt. It ended just below her crotch. She pulled her daughter beside
her and looked in the mirror trying to smile bravely, "We do look good, don'
t we!"

The two scantily clad women walked down stairs to the kitchen. She called
the maid over.  Walter had contracted with the Monthly Maid service and a
new maid was sent every month. She was glad that this maid had only been
here 2 days. Thien was from Thailand. She had been sold from her village 2
years ago at the age of 13. She was tiny at 4' 9" tall. She had very small
pointed breasts and narrow hips. Her hair was black and hung to her ass. She
had been fucked regularly since her purchase by the Maid firm but never by
anybody as large as Walter Matthews and never so brutally. Her steps were
tentative due to the pain in her cunt and ass.

She followed Beth to a closet. Beth took out a small apron and handed it to
Thien "Get undressed and put this on." Thien removed her clothes and put on
the apron. It consisted of a bib that was just wide enough to cover her tiny
tits and a frilly apron that covered her cunt but left her ass exposed.
Thien looked pleadingly at Beth, knowing the revealing outfit would result
in another horrible fucking by Walter. Beth nodded and instructed Julie and
Thien to join her when Walter came home.

Walter was tired as he walked up to the door. His job as a senior account
representative at a major technology firm paid well but could be a bitch
sometime. His father, Senator Matthews has acquired a considerable fortune
but had spent as much as he'd earned on slaves. Fortunately, there was
enough money to get him entry to MIT and assurance of a good job.

His mood improved as he walked through the door and was greeted by Beth,
Julie and Thien. He smiled, as he looked at the 3 scantily clad women "Well,
this is a nice welcome. What's the occasion?"

Beth walked up and put her arms around him and ground her body into his
cock, "I thought you might like a little entertainment tonight. I thought we
'd each give you a fuck and the one who you enjoyed the best would get off
and the other 2 would get a caning. Say 10 strokes for second place and 20
for third." The two other women stared wide-eyed. Walter smiled, "Sounds
great. Why don't we go into the living room and you can all give me a little
show to get me warmed up."

The group retired to the spacious living room. Walter started removing his
clothes and handing them to Thien to hang up. At 6' 8", Walter was a huge
man. He was very muscular with thick powerful arms and large hands. However,
his most striking feature was his cock. Even now, only semi-erect, he was 12
inches long. Even more terrifying than the length was the incredible girth
of the huge cock. All three women knew that sex with Walter was a very
painful experience.

Walter walked over to his wife and reached under her short skirt and roughly
crammed 2 of his large fingers into her dry cunt. Beth winced but squatted
slightly to give him better access to her cunt. Walter forced 2 more fingers
in, cruelly stretching her cunt. He started twisting his hand in her as he
jerked it in and out. Beth's breath caught with every movement.

"Where's Billy?" Walter asked as he continued abusing Beth's cunt. "He'
 .nngh. over at the .ow. Williams'. Harry Williams .aarrgh. is letting Mark
and Billy .ow. punish his wife .oohh. because she dented .ahh. the car."
Beth replied. Walter smiled "That'll make Billy happy, he's always stared at
those huge tits. I guess it's just you ladies and I tonight. How about a
blow job to get me warmed up, Honey?" Beth nodded as he pulled his hand out
of her raw cunt.

Beth dropped to her knees and took the monster cock into her hands. She
delicately ran her tongue around the head, paying particular attention to
the piss hole and then placed it along the underside of the cock. Opening
her mouth wide, she slid it down Walter's cock. As the head entered her
mouth, she pulled her tongue in and closed her mouth around it. She sucked
greedily for a few seconds and then started a gagging descent down the
incredibly thick cock until her face pressed against Walter's crotch. She
bobbed her head up and down several inches until she could no longer hold
her breath and pulled back until just the head was in her mouth and sucked
air deeply through her nose. Her throat ached but she drove down again,
fucking the cock in and out of her throat.

After a few minutes, Walter grabbed a handful of her hair and said, "Let the
contest begin! However, fucking is too easy, let's make it an ass-fucking
contest! Get undressed!" The three women cringed but said nothing and
disrobed. Walter laid on his back on the thick carpet, his massive erection
pointing upward. He waved Beth over. Beth undressed and squatted over the
huge cock. She grasped the terrible organ with one hand and lined it up with
her ass hole. Bracing herself for the awful stretching sensation, she forced
the fat head into her asshole and gasped in agony. No matter how often her
ass suffered this fate, she never got used to the painful sensation.

She slowly started working down the cock. Each movement took the pain deeper
into her ass. She stopped 2/3 of the way down as she wanted to make sure she
lost to prevent the caning of her daughter. She set up a slow shallow fuck
she knew would piss Walter off even though she still suffered mightily.
After a few seconds, Walter pushed her off, "That's one of the worst fucks
you ever gave me! I'll look forward to caning you cunt! Lick my dick clean!"

Beth knelt beside her husband and started licking her own feces off his
cock. She gagged and coughed but licked it thoroughly.

Walter waved Thien over. The tiny oriental wept softly as she walked over
for what she knew would be a horrible pounding of her ass. She'd bled from
the 2 prior ass fuckings she'd suffered from Walter. She knew she's reopened
the wounds with this intrusion. As Thien approached Walter, Beth whispered
to Julie, "You must really pound your ass on his cock when it's your turn."

The tiny girl lined her butt up with the huge head and settled her sphincter
up against it. She twisted herself side to side, slowly forcing the tiny
hole open. As she stretched over the fat head, she felt the tissue tear once
more and screamed in agony. She tried to move up and down on the top of the
thick cock to avoid ripping deeper. Angry at the lack of deeper strokes,
Walter pushed her off his cock. He grabbed her hair and pulled her face
close to his, "You'll be sorry you didn't fuck harder!"

Releasing the young oriental, Walter signaled Julie to take her place on his
cock. Julie licked her lips and crouched in position. She held the cock
against her ass and jerked herself down on it, crying out loudly as the fat
head and 2 inches of the cock tore into her tight ass. Her fear steeled her
to start driving down on the huge cock. With 3 hard jerks, she impaled
herself totally on the cock, crying out with each movement. Her breath was
ragged making her beautiful young tits heave as she rested impaled on Walter
's cock. After a few seconds, she started a deep driving fuck. She fucked
for all she was worth, pistoning up and down. After 5 minutes of the brutal
fucking, Walter came in her ass. Julie rolled off and lay on the floor,
sobbing loudly from the agony in her rectum.

Walter stood up and stroked Beth's hair, "I don't know where your mind was
tonight but you're the loser." He looked over at Thien, "Your pitiful effort
made you second." Tears rolled down Thien's face.

Walter went to a cupboard and came out with a slim bamboo cane. He swung it
rapidly through the air, making a whistling sound. He turned to Thien, "Put
your hands behind your head and keep your elbows up. Every time you bring
them down, it will cost you another stroke." Beth's eyes opened wide,
"Honey, I meant a caning on our asses, not our tits." Walter shrugged, "Don'
t worry honey, I'm only going to give you half the strokes on your tits."

Walter rubbed the cane on Thien's small ass. Without warning, he snapped the
cane across it hard.  Thien howled with pain and twisted her body. Walter
spoke, "That was just a sample. Now we start with the strokes. Count them
out."

Walter raised his arm high and slashed across Thien's ass. "OWW one!" For
each of the strokes Thien cries became louder and she counted out the next
number. On the fifth stroke, she screamed, "AAYYIIEEE! NO MORE, PLEASE NO
MORE!" Five distinct welts decorated her ass as Walter cupped one of her
small butt cheeks, "Of course you'll get more. You have to learn to please
me no matter how much it hurts because the pain could always be worse, as
your little tits are about to discover."

Walter rubbed the cane over the top of the tiny tits as Thien's body tensed
in anticipation and fear. Walter snapped the cane up and down rapidly,
raising a nasty welt and eliciting a scream from the tiny oriental. Without
respite, he laid two more strokes on the tops of her tits raising the level
of screaming.  On the third stroke, Thien pulled her hands from behind her
head and clutched them to her tortured breasts and bent forward. "That will
cost you another stroke." Walter said, smiling. Her body shaking from the
tears, Thien stood erect again and placed her hands behind her head. Walter
rubbed the cane against her small dark nipples and laid a short stroke on
the tender nubs. Thien's body vibrated from the pain but she managed to keep
her arms up as Walter laid 2 more quick strokes across her tender nipples,
raising her cries to inhuman screams.

Thien bent forward from the waist, clutching at her small breasts as she
sobbed loudly. "It's your turn, Beth!" Walter said cheerfully. Beth took her
place in front of Walter and placed her hands behind her head. Her large
breasts protruded even more as she raised her arms. Walter lined up behind
her full ass and took a full swing. Beth's body shook as she choked off a
scream. A nasty red welt ran across both ass cheeks. Walter laid 4 more
strokes in rapid succession. Beth's body twisted back and forward as she
cried out louder with each stroke.

Walter rested for a moment before starting another series of 5 strokes on
the top of Beth's firm legs, just below her ass cheeks. Beth's feet flinched
and jumped as she took each punishing blow. Walter ran his hand over the
crisscrossing welts on her ass and legs.

He walked in front of her and cupped one of the large tits in his hand "It's
been a long time since I decorated your tits with the cane. Ten strokes
should be quite an ordeal. I'm feeling generous though, I won't hit your
nipples unless you bring your arms down. If you do bring your arms down, you
'll get 2 strokes on your nipples for each time you do.

Beth nodded her tear stained face and steeled herself. Walter crashed the
cane down on the top of her tits. Beth twisted in agony and bent slightly
forward but kept erect. Walter laid another stroke across both tits as Beth
howled. Walter then concentrated on just hitting the left tit and slashed it
four times in quick succession. Beth wailed uncontrollably and bent forward
at the waist, her arms instinctively folding over her pain racked tits.

"That's 2 strokes across your nipples. Get ready for your last 4 regular
strokes. Beth straightened and placed her hands behind her head. She
interlocked her fingers and gripped as hard as she could in hopes of
maintaining her grip.

Walter lined up with the right tit and snapped 4 quick slashes across it.
Beth's hands pulled down and grasped the brutalized tit as she twisted down
in agony. Walter shook his head, "That's 4 across the nipples. As much as
you hate that, I'm surprised you didn't show more control." Walter motioned
her over to two leather cuffs hanging from the corner of the ceiling,
"Obviously, you need some help keeping you hands out of the way."

Beth lifted her hands over her head as Walter tightened the straps around
them. He picked up the cane and lined the end up with one of the large
protruding nipples. Bringing his hand back, he quickly snapped the supple
cane against the nipple. Beth screamed as her body jerked and twisted.
Allowing her thrashing to subside, Walter struck the nipple again, sending
Beth back into screaming gyrations.

Walter waited for the screaming to die down and for Beth to regain some
measure of composure before he lined the cane up with the other nipple. He
gave it a sharp snap of the cane and Beth thrashed wildly again. As she
stopped bouncing in the cuffs, Beth clenched her teeth in preparation for
the last blow but still lost complete control as the last slash of the cane
sent her into incredible agony.

Beth hung limp in the cuffs, her body wracked by deep sobs as her ass, tits,
and nipples ached fiercely. Walter cupped her heavy breasts in his hands and
lifted them. Her nipples were discolored and swollen under the red welts on
the top of her tits. Walter took the tortured nipples between his large
fingers and squeezed them as Beth winced with the increased pain. Letting
the battered teats go, Walter uncuffed her hands. She immediately covered
her tits and bent forward slightly.

Walter rubbed his hands together, "That worked up an appetite! What's for
dinner?" Beth spoke softly, "There's something you need to know, dear." She
got the letter from school off the mantle and handed it to him. Terror
filled Julie's heart as she saw his face darken with anger.





Family Life

By Mad Dog

Chapter 2: Mrs. Williams Punishment

Billy and Mark Williams walked through the kitchen door of the Williams'
house to see Mrs. Williams bent over Mr. Williams" lap. Eleven links of a
large linked chain were hanging from her ass and Mr. Williams was pushing
the links in one at a time. The rough metal pushing past her stretched
sphincter was obviously causing her great pain by the gasps and cries of
pain escaping her pain twisted mouth. Mr. Williams looked up at the two
young men, "Hi son, I'm just warming her up for you. I hope the two of you
are in a bad mood. It cost me $700 to fix the car!"

Billy's excitement grew watching Evelyn Williams. Her huge pendulous breasts
had always excited him. She was a large black woman who stood 5' 10" tall.
Her measurements were 44-26-38 and her muscles were firm and hard. Billy had
fantasized about fucking her many times.

Mrs. Williams looked pitifully over her shoulder at her husband, "Leroy,
couldn't you punish me? It's so humiliating to be punished by my son and one
of his friends OOOOWWWEEEE!"  she cried as Mr. Williams forced another fat
chain link into her ass. He smiled, "Sorry dear, I promised the boys!"

He continued forcing the chain into her ass until just 2 links emerged from
the tiny hole. Slapping her hard on the ass, he ordered, "Get me two beers!"
Slowly she got up and shuffled across the floor to the refrigerator, the
links outside her ass clinking softly. She got 2 oversized cans of beer and
shuffled back to Mr. Williams. He opened a can and took a swig. He looked at
Billy, "I don't have the money your Dad has for fancy dildos and things but
I make do." He said as he held up the second can of beer. Mrs. Williams'
eyes widened as she stared at the thick beer can and she slowly shook her
head as she realized what he had planned, "Please no!" she begged.

Mr. Williams got up and walked over to the kitchen counter, "Get up here and
hold your legs apart, bitch, or I'll let the boys use you for a weekend.
Tears ran down the black woman's face as she shuffled over to the counter.
She hefted her full ass onto the counter, grimacing as she sat on one of the
chain links. She leaned back against the wall and pulled her knees up to her
chest. Her thick cunt lips pulled slightly apart showing a strip of light
pink against her dark skin.

Mr. Williams put the base of the can against her cunt lips. She gasped with
the cold. The temperature was soon forgotten as he tilted the can and pushed
a rounded edge against her cunt lips, forcing them to stretch apart. Her
body quivered in pain as her cunt split wider until it swallowed the base of
the can. He kept pushing harder as she grunted at the horrible distention of
her cunt. Finally he pushed the whole can into her cunt. The black woman's
body was covered in sweat as she cried pitifully from the pain in her cunt
and ass.

Mrs. Williams slowly let her legs down and she remained leaned against the
wall, sobbing. Her head moved slowly from side to side in pain. Mr. Williams
grabbed one of her huge dark nipples and pulled her to a standing position
as she cried out in pain. "The boys and I are hungry! Make us dinner!" he
ordered, "You better not let any of that can or chain slip out of you
either!" Mrs. Williams shuffled to the fridge, her hands clutching to her
crotch. She grunted with each step as she started to prepare the meal. The 2
links hanging out of her ass clinked occasionally.

The three males went to the small living room and turned on a baseball game.
They watched for the next hour. As they watched, their attention was caught
by a commercial. A tall beautiful woman appeared on the screen "Is your
woman not obeying? Is a good beating just not cutting it any more? Try Tube
O'Pain! Guaranteed to be the most painful, longest lasting irritant ointment
on the market." The scene cut away to a large breasted woman with large dark
nipples weeping and crying out as ointment was being rubbed into her tits
"Late with dinner? Rub Tube O'Pain into her tits and they'll ache for days!"
The scene cut to a tiny oriental woman screaming as a thick glistening dildo
is shoved in her cunt. "The little woman isn't enthusiastic when she suck's
your cock? Use Tube O'Pain as a lubricant on a punishment dildo and she'll
beg for your cock." The scene changed to a split screen of a cunt with the
pussy lips held apart by clamps and a woman's terrified face. A
rubber-gloved hand entered the pussy frame. A large glob of ointment showed
on an outstretched finger. The finger rubbed the ointment onto the exposed
clit. The terrified face immediately started screaming and the tiny nub of
the clit grew and became red "The bitch disobeys you? Apply Tube O"Pain to
her clitoris and she'll follow every order." The scene cut back to the large
breasted woman writhing as a wet stiff bristled brush was scrubbing her tits
"No matter how hard she washes, the pain continues for days! Try Tube O'
Pain! Your woman will hate you for it!"

Mrs. Williams shuffled into the room and staring at the huge bulge in Billy'
s pants the commercial had caused "Supper is ready, dear." The four went to
a small dining room. Two gorgeous black women were already there. One was
about 16 with large 38D breasts. She wore high cut shorts and a tight tube
top that showed her to be 4 or 5 month pregnant. The older one had 19 years
old and had heavy 45-inch breasts barely contained by a small halter-top.
Below a bulging 9-month pregnant belly she wore a miniskirt over muscled
powerful legs.

Mr. Williams walked behind the older girl. Reaching underneath her skirt, he
pushed a finger into ass, "Looks like you two will have to entertain me
tonight. Mom's going to be busy. Trixie, I'm afraid we'll have to stick to
your ass tonight. We don't want to hurt the baby." A tear formed in the
older girl's eye as she grimaced and nodded. Mr. Williams pulled his finger
out of Trixie's ass and the group sat and ate.

After dinner, Mr. Williams waved his 2 pregnant daughters over and put an
arm around each of them "I'm going to go have some fun with the girls. You
boys go out to the garage and make sure Mom gets what she deserves for
damaging the car. Mark, remember she's not on birth control because I want
to breed her again. You can't use her cunt. Your friend can fuck her all he
wants though, should make a cute daughter for sale."

Resigned to her fate and not wanting more punishment, Mrs. Williams shuffled
out to the garage followed by the teenage boys. As they entered the garage,
she turned and faced her son and his friend "Boys, you don't really want to
hurt me. I could be really nice to you. I'm very good at cock sucking and
fucking. Wouldn't you like to play with my big tits while I make you come?"
Mark smiled and walked up to his mother. Suddenly, he slapped one of the
huge tits. Mrs. Williams gasped and covered her huge tits with her hands.
Mark threatened "We're going to punish you because Dad told us to. You're
going to give us great sex to avoid more pain. Any problem with that?"  Mrs.
Williams shook her head sadly.

Mark went behind his mother and grasped one of the exposed chain links "Bend
over, Mom!" As she grabbed her ankles, Mark yanked back on the chain with
all his might. Mrs. Williams screamed as the coarse links ripped out of her
sphincter. She jerked upright, grasping at her battered anus. As she stood,
the fat beer can fell from her cunt thudding to the floor.

Tears streamed down the large black woman's face as Mark shook his head "I
didn't say you could let the can out of your cunt. Now we have to punish you
for that too."  He took a length of cord and tied her hands behind her back.
He then started wrapping thin cord around one of her huge tits, pulling
tighter with each turn. The rope cut into the base of the sensitive flesh
and Mrs. Williams writhed as the rope got tighter. "Stop! Too tight!" she
pleaded as he took the last turn. He knotted the rope around the huge tit.
It bulged around the rope. He started wrapping the base of the second tit
and repeated the painful constriction of her tits.

Mark tied another rope to the cord that ran between the two bound tits and
threw the loose end over a rafter. He took it over to the wall and pulled on
the rope. His mother's gigantic tits stretched upwards as she cried out in
pain. He kept increasing the tension until she was standing on her tiptoes,
a large portion of her weight supported by her tits. He tied the rope of to
a large spike in the wall. Her breath rasped through clenched teeth as she
felt as if her tits would be pulled off her chest. After only a few seconds,
her calves started to ache as she tried to remain standing on her toes to
keep the weight off her suffering breasts.

Mrs. Williams begged, "OW. PLEASE .UUGGHH. LET ME DOWWWN .NNNGGH. HURTS!"
Ignoring his mother's pleading Mark picked up 2 boxes of 2 inch long
straight pins from the work bench and handed one to Billy "How about we
stick these in her ass?" Billy smiled "I've got an idea. Only stick them in
� way." Mark shrugged and started pushing the pins into his mother's full
ass. Billy joined him by jabbing the other ass cheek. The suffering woman
writhed on her toes as she yelped with each new puncture. Soon, the boys had
pushed 20 pins into each ass cheek and they bristled like a porcupine.

Billy picked up two 1-foot long boards and handed one to Mark. He took his
board and tapped it against Mrs. William's ass, driving 3 of the pins into
her ass. She lifted one leg in agony but quickly snapped it back down, as
the weight on her tits became unbearable. The boys took turns driving groups
of pins into her ass as she screamed and begged for mercy. As the last of
the pins were driven home, the victim's body was covered with sweat and she
sobbed deeply.

Mark ran his hand over the pinheads "What do you think, her pussy mound
next?" Billy shrugged "Why not?" As Mrs. Williams begged him not to, Mark
started to push pins part way into the tender mound of his mother. The
bright heads contrasted to her wiry dark pubic hair. When he had 15 pins
inserted, he started tapping the pins with the board. The pins drove in
until they hit bone and Mrs. Williams howled pitifully as the pain stabbed
into her.

Mark poked at one of the bulging tits "We've got to do these next!" Both
boys started pushing pins part way into the huge tits as the tortured woman
screamed. They continued until 40 pins had pierced the surface of the bound
tits. They finished the puncturing off with 10 in each large nipple, which
elevated the pitch of the screams. Taking the boards in hand, they started
driving the pins home but the give of the tit flesh made it take 2 or 3
strokes to drive the pins in, extending the screaming woman's agony.

The boys stood back and enjoyed the view of the beautiful black woman
weeping. She glistened with sweat as her body vibrated from the pain in her
calves as she tried to save her tits. An occasional drop of blood seeped out
from a pinhead. Her face was twisted in pain and effort as she begged
"P-P-PLEEEAASE LET ME DOOWWNN! TOOOO MMMUUCH P-P-PAAAIIIIN!"

Mark pushed 2 fingers into her ass, "If we do, I expect really good sex."
Mrs. Williams nodded as hard as she could without increasing the pain in her
tits. Mark waved Billy over to where the rope was attached to the wall and
instructed Billy to pull on it. The powerful young man hauled on the rope,
lifting Mrs. Williams off the ground. She howled as her tits took up her
weight. Mark used the slack to untie the rope from the spike and Billy let
go of the rope. Their victim dropped to the floor and curled into a ball,
weeping.

Mark untied her hands and she clutched them to her suffering tits. Mark
waved Billy over and the two boys got undressed. Billy stood over the
cringing woman as Mark ordered "Time for that great sex you promised us.
Give my friend a blow-job to get us started. Mrs. Williams looked up and saw
the huge cock and mouth gaped in terror. She drew herself up to her knees
and wrapped both hands around the massive cock. She ran her hands up and
down the cock until Mark warned "I said a blow-job or do you want to be hung
up again.

The black woman opened her mouth wide and forced the thick head into it. She
struggled to work her tongue around it and to apply suction. After a few
seconds of her desperate attempt at cock sucking, Billy grasped two handfuls
of her curly hair and drove his cock into her throat. She gagged and pressed
against his body with her hands as she tried to push the huge organ back out
of her throat. Billy responded by jerking his hips forward hard until his
balls bounced on her chin. He jerked it in and out of her spasming throat
several times before pulling his cock out of her mouth. She bent forward
choking and gasping for air.

Billy laid back on a weight bench and Mrs. Williams was led over and
instructed to lower her cunt on the huge cock. She lined her cunt up with
the fat head and lowered herself onto it. She grunted deeply as the fattest
part of the head worked itself into her. As she lowered herself, she felt
painfully stretched as the monster cock dilated more of her cunt. As she
finally took the last of the cock, Mark stepped in front of her and pulled
her head forward until it was lined up with his cock. At 7 inches, Mark's
cock was substantial although not the monster of his friend. His mother took
it into his mouth and expertly sucked, working her tongue around the black
cock.

Wearying of the lack of action on his cock, Billy slapped one of the fat,
pin-skewered tits hanging over him. As Mrs. Williams opened her mouth to
scream, Mark jabbed his cock into her throat. Gargling choking sounds cut
off her scream. Pleased with the effect of their joint effort, Mark would
pull his cock out of the punished throat only to have Billy slap a huge tit
and raise another scream that Mark would end by driving into her throat. The
two boys kept this up until it looked like their victim would pass out.

Mark pulled his saliva-coated cock out of his mother's mouth and walked
behind her. He lined his cock up with her asshole. Mrs. Williams' head
snapped around "Please, no! My ass is sore from the chain!" Ignoring his
mother, he jerked his cock into her ass. The woman gasped in pain from the
sudden intrusion. Gripping her hips, Mark drove the rest of his cock into
the tiny hole. The painful stretching raised grunts of pain that were
punctuated by a scream as his body drove into the needles piercing her ass.
As he drove harder, she bent forward and the needles imbedded in her pubes
pressed into Billy causing her further pain.

The two boys continued the driving rape until both shot into the whining
woman. As they pulled out of the abused holes, Mrs. Williams fell exhausted
onto the bench. The boys stretched and Mark grabbed Mrs. Williams by the
hair and pulled her up. She sobbed "Please! No more! Please take the pins
out." Mark shook his head "That was just for letting the beer can out of
your cunt. It's time for some serious pain for denting the car." Mrs.
Williams' body shook as she sobbed loudly.

The two boys lifted the terrified woman onto the weight bench. They tied
ropes to her feet and through the loose ends over rafters. Pulling the
ropes, they pulled her legs apart and up until they formed a wide "v". Mark
started rummaging around the items in the garage looking for something huge
to torture his mother's cunt with. He pushed aside a box of emergency
candles because they were only � inches in diameter. As he moved on, Billy
spoke "Hold on, give those here." Mark looked puzzled and handed the box to
Billy "What gives? She can take one of those without even sweating."  Billy
smiled evilly "Watch!"

Billy took one of the candles out of the box and inserted it into Mrs.
Williams abused cunt. As expected, she barely moaned. Billy took a second
candle out and Mrs. Williams resigned to having it crammed in her ass bur
Billy held it against the first candle and forced it into her cunt as well.
The large black woman still easily handled the two candles but she and her
son started to understand Billy's intent. He could continue to insert
candles and stretch the tortured cunt as far as he wished. Mark smiled and
Mrs. Williams started to beg "NO! PLEASE NO!"

Billy handed the box to Mark who inserted 2 more candles. While there was
not yet pain, the victim's cunt was beginning to get uncomfortable as Mark
handed the box back to Billy. As He inserted the fifth and sixth candles,
her cunt started to stretch painfully. She gritted her teeth and moaned as
the box was handed back to Mark. He placed the seventh candle between two
already lodged in the stretched cunt. It was getting difficult to force the
candles in and the young black had to work hard to force it in as his mother
gasped loudly, the pain in her cunt becoming severe. As he pulled the eighth
candle out of the box as his mother shook her head pitifully, whining in
pain. Relentlessly, Mark placed the tapered end of the candle amongst the
ones already lodged in the gaping cunt. Pushing hard, it slowly worked its
way in as his mother screamed loudly, her cunt stretching to an impossible
size.

Mark looked at Billy "You think she can take more?" Billy rubbed his chin "I
don't know, I think we might rip her cunt if we put any more in." Mrs.
Williams sobbed "NO MORE .UNGH. TOO FULL .OOWW. PLEASE .NNGHH. NO MORE!" The
door connecting the garage to the house opened and Mr. Williams walked in
asking, "How's it going?" The two boys pointed to the weeping woman, her
tits bulging from the bonds, pins piercing her and her cunt terribly
stretched. He ran his hand over the ends of the candles, "Very clever! Why
didn't you put more in?" Mark shrugged "We didn't want to rip her cunt."

Mr. Williams slapped his son's back "That's what they have doctors for. Lets
make sure she gets what she deserves." Mr. Williams took up another candle
as Mrs. Williams offered to suck off their dog, eat his shit, fuck all his
friends, anything if he didn't tear her cunt. Ignoring the pleading, he
pushed another candle amongst the others. He pushed hard and it took several
seconds but the tapered end started to force the others apart.  The victim
grunted as the candle finally started to move further in. As the full width
of the candle finally entered, the wall of Mrs. Williams' cunt gave way and
her mouth opened wide in a full-throated scream. Blood started to trickle
out of the distended cunt.

Mr. Williams stood satisfied "Good job, boys. I think she'll be a little
more careful when she drives." Calling his daughters in to help his wife,
the 3 males left the garage.






FAMILY LIFE

By Mad Dog

Chapter 3: Julie's First Tit Swelling

Walter unlocked the door and stood aside as Beth led Julie down the stairs
to the punishment room.

 All the walls of the large basement had been removed with structural posts
supporting heavy beams that ran overhead. The floor was ceramic tile with
drains spaced around the room. Manacles and chains were located around the
walls and posts. Horrible looking whips, clamps and dildos decorated the
walls. A showerhead and several hoses were in one corner of the room. A
medical examination table, racks, stocks and other restraint devices
furnished the room.

Julie wept as she looked around. Everything in the room was obviously
designed to inflict pain. Beth put her hand on her daughter's shoulder
trying to comfort her.

Walter started opening cupboards and placing items on a stainless steel
tray. As he set the tray down, Beth and Julie could see a large hypodermic
needle and a vial of milky liquid. Beth looked worried "Don't you think
injecting her tits is a little harsh for her first time down here?"

"Harsh," snapped Walter, "the amount of money I spend sending her to school,
I expect her to pass. If you think I'm going to hurt her tits, wait until
you see what I do to her cunt!"

Julie started to weep "Dad, I'll do better! I promise I'll practice every
night! Please don't hurt me!"

Walter's face just hardened "Darn right you'll do better! You'll have sore
tits and cunt to remind you.

Beth cuddled up behind Walter, forcing her large bruised breasts into his
back. She reached around him and gently stroked the base of his huge
erection "Walter honey, if you only torture her tits, I'll fuck the bedpost
for you, all the way to the third knob!"

Walter softened as she manipulated his thick cock "OK, honey! You always
know my weak spots! Tie her hands over her head."

While she set about cuffing Julie's hands over her head, Beth whispered in
her ear "This will be horrible, dear. Feel free to scream. He likes it and
he comes sooner. Dad usually stops after he comes unless he's really
pissed."

In the meantime, Walter had busied himself filling the large syringe. The
needle protruded 3 inches from a glass cylinder and was twice at thick as a
regular syringe needle. The vial portion held 100 cc's. Holding the syringe
up, he spoke as if lecturing a student "As this is your first time, allow me
to explain what I'm doing. The syringe is full of Agony In A Bottle. It's a
wonderful product that mixes an irritant that causes significant swelling, a
serum that increases your sensitivity to pain and a stimulant that prevents
you from passing out. These are all diluted in an oil base that takes much
longer than a water base to be absorbed by the surrounding tissue. This
batch has been diluted to the point it will take 300 cc per tit to get to
the full dosage. The volume of liquid alone is very painful. As this syringe
only holds 100 cc, it will take 3 injections per tit. This is supposed to be
a new improved version that results in 30 % more swelling. I'm anxious to if
it does. All in all, you will be in incredible pain for the next few hours
and will have aching swollen tits that are very sensitive for the next few
days. Any questions?"

Julie shook her head at the tears ran down her face. Walter grasped one of
her firm breasts with one hand and steadily pushed the needle into the side
of it with the other. Julie's mouth opened wide as she cried out from the
stabbing pain.

 As her cry turned to a whimper, Walter started depressing the plunger on
the syringe. Julie's face turned into a mask of pain "ARRGGHH! BURNS!
STOOOOP! I CAAANN'T TAAAKE IIIT! AAAYYIIEE!" Slowly, Walter emptied the
syringe into the breast

As it emptied, he pulled it out and returned to the table. As he picked up
the bottle of liquid Julie started begging, "DAD NO MORE! PLEASE! I CAN'T
TAKE 5 MORE OF THOSE! I'LL DIE! PLEASE!" As Walter held the bottle up and
pulled back on the syringe plunger to fill it, he chided, "Tsk! You won't
die. You'll wish you did but you won't"

Over Julie's pleas and screams, Walter methodically injected the side of the
other tit. He set the needle down as Julie squirmed. Her breasts had become
firmer and slightly swollen. A deep burning just continued to build deep
inside them. Walter told her, "The burning will just increase but I want to
give you a bit longer to allow the swelling to take hold. It makes the later
injections more painful."

As he waited, Walter instructed Beth to bend over. He stepped behind her and
placed his cock against her puckered ass. Mercilessly he drove the huge head
and several inches in as Beth screamed in agony. Unlike earlier when Beth
had been trying to save her daughter a tit whipping, Beth now wanted to
satisfy her husband to try and mitigate the punishment he'd inflict on
Julie. So, she drove back as Walter drove into her ass and set up a rhythm
to maximise the brutal pounding of her ass. Grunting and gasping, she
continued to give her husband the best fuck she could.

Suddenly, Walter stopped and walked over to Julie. He gripped a breast in
each hand an squeezed them as if testing melons. Julie writhed in her
shackles "Stop dad! They're really sore." Walter let the enlarged breasts go
"Good, the next injections will hurt more." Realising there was no mercy
forthcoming, Julie sobbed deeply as Walter started filling the syringe
again.

This time he lined the large needle up on the top of her tit and pushed it
deep into the already abused tit. Julie twisted as she howled in agony. The
tit was larger than its mate as Walter filled the syringe. Again, Julie's
screams filled the chamber as the top of her second tit was skewered and the
pain inducing serum was injected.

Walter instructed his wife to bend over again as Julie whined and groaned as
her tits continued to swell. Walter rammed his cock into Beth's ass and the
pounding butt fuck started anew.

After 10 minutes, Beth was covered with sweat as the effort of abusing her
own ass and the pain were bringing her near to exhaustion. Julie's breasts
had swollen to the point that they bulged off her chest. Walter pulled his
huge cock out of Beth's ass and walked over to Julie.

Julie tried to turn away from her father as he reached for her tits but her
shackles only allowed her to angle to one side. As he grabbed her enlarged
nipples, Julie whined with pain. Walter gave one tit a sharp slap and Julie
screamed. Walter nodded, "You're ready for the last shot." Julie begged
"Please, Dad! Please stop! They hurt so much!"

Ignoring his daughter, Walter filled the syringe and returned to the
restrained girl. He wrapped his hand around the bulging tit and lined the
needle up with the centre of her enlarged nipple. He slowly pressed the
thick needle into the teat as his daughter let loose with a horrible scream
of agony. The scream continued, broken only by sharp intakes of breath as he
pushed it to full depth and started depressing the plunger. The cries only
diminished as he removed the needle and the pain grew in her tit. Filling
the syringe again, he approached the other tit. Julie pleaded "GOD NOOOO!
TOOOO MUUUCH PAAAIIN AAAARRRRGGGHHH!" as he skewered the second nipple and
pumped the pain inducing liquid into her tit.

Pulling the needle out, he left Julie writhing in agony as her tits
continued to swell and returned to his wife. Driving his cock back into her
ass he fucked her for several minutes. Finally, he shot a huge load of come
into her burning ass. Pulling his cock out, he returned to his daughter.

Her tits were at least doubled in size and bright red. They stuck out from
her chest and the swelling had caused her already large nipples to 3 inches
in diameter. Tears ran down her cheeks and whines of pain left her lips. Her
father lifted her swollen udders as if weighing them "That new formula
really works. These are swollen way more than I expected. They should swell
even more over the next 20 minutes. I was going to whip them as well but it
is your first time down here so we'll take it easy on you. Are you going to
learn how to cock suck?" Julie nodded her pain twisted face.

Walter released her hands and the 3 walked upstairs. Julie went to her
bedroom and lay down. No matter what position she took, her huge tits hurt
terribly.  After 20 minutes of shifting, she heard a choked scream from the
hall. She walked to her parent's door that was partially open. As she looked
in, she saw her mother straddled over the bedpost at the foot of the bed.
Her face was a contorted mask of pain and her breaths came in short gasps.
Julie realised with shock that the top of the bedpost was in her mother's
cunt. She looked over at the other bedpost and saw that the top was made of
3 wooden spheres. The top one was 2 inches in diameter, the second 3 inches
and the bottom 3 � inches. Her mother had stretched herself over the second
ball and was obviously suffering mightily.

Walter spoke from out of view "You promised me the third ball, unless you
want a turn in the punishment room, get with it!" Beth slowly nodded.
Gritting her teeth, she pressed down. Her cunt slowly expanded around the
thick ball. Her eyes opened wide as she gasped and the huge ball slid into
her cunt. Her body shook in pain as she clutched at her lower abdomen.
Knowing what was expected of her, she lifted herself until the ball slipped
out. She pushed down once more and started a slow painful fuck of the
bedpost.

 Julie started as she heard a sound behind her and turned to see Billy
standing behind her. "What happened to your tits?" he asked. "Dad punished
me." Billy looked past his sister, "Looks like Mom's having a hard time
 too." Raising his voice, Billy called to his father, "Dad, Julie has been
spying on you. Is it OK if I fuck her?" Walter's voice called back, "Sure,
but do her ass, she's being punished." Julie sobbed as her brother led her
to his room for what she knew would be an evening of painful anal rape.






FAMILY LIFE

By Mad Dog

Chapter 4: A Visit to School

Julie came down the stairs, her grossly swollen breasts jiggled against the
thin material of her school uniform blouse. Even that light touch was
irritating against the tender flesh. Her ass ached terribly as her brother
had brutally ass fucked her twice the night before. As she came into the
kitchen, her mother slowly walked over to her. Beth was also walking slowly
as her cunt was bruised from its ride on the huge bedpost. Beth stroked her
daughter's hair "The worst is over but your tits will hurt for several days
and Dad will take advantage of that. It's really important that you do
better at cock sucking."

At that point, Walter walked in "Julie, take your blouse off." Terrified,
Julie took her thin uniform blouse off and exposed her huge tits. The tit
flesh was red and looked huge hanging from her small frame. Walter handed
her a bra and told her to put it on. Julie was surprised because her father
never let her or her mother wear a bra but as she lifted it, she saw the
inside of the cups were lined with short wire bristles. Tears rolled out of
the corner of her eye as she slipped the terrible bra onto her swollen
irritated tits. Her breath caught as the bristles poked into her already
sensitive tits. Her mother pulled the strap behind her and hooked it. Julie'
s tits felt like they were on fire.

The family sat at the table, Julie wincing with each movement as her tender
tits were scratched. As Thien served them breakfast. Walter turned to Julie
"I've made an appointment to speak to the principal of the school so you
will be riding to school with me." Julie nodded weakly and the group
finished breakfast.

Julie wept softly as Walter pulled in to the school and went off to her
class. Walter walked into the school office and up to a receptionist. She
was a red haired woman in her mid 30's. She was naked from the waist up
except for 2 heavy wooden tit presses that were crushing large tits. The
flesh below the presses was a nasty purple color and her face was twisted in
pain. "C-c-can I h-h-help you?" she stuttered, trying to maintain control.
"I have an appointment with Principal Skinner. I'm Walter Matthews." He
replied. The woman pressed an intercom button, "M-m-mister M-m-matthews is
h-h-here." An electronic voice instructed her to show him in.

Rising slowly to avoid bouncing the heavy presses crushing her tits, the
receptionist slowly led him into an office. The principal, an older man in a
conservative gray suit, extended his hand his hand. The two men exchanged
introductions and sat. Walter started the conversation "I've come about my
daughter's failing cock sucking. When I registered her here, I was assured
that you had expert teachers and was promised that she would be trained into
a top-notch slave. What kind of slave can't give a great blow-job?"

Principal Skinner opened a file on his desk, "I can understand your concern
Mr. Matthews. But I promise that all our instructors are accomplished sexual
athletes. I have no idea what the problem is but I'll get to the bottom of
it." He reached for the intercom and instructed, "Cunt! Get Miss Rohano to
come to my office. The two men waited a few minutes and a small Latin woman
entered the room. She was about 5'2" tall and had a small muscular body. She
was wearing a sheer dancer's body leotard that clung tightly to her. Her
hard small nipples were clearly outlined through the material.

The Principal put his hand on the short woman's shoulder "Miss Rohano is
Julie's teacher. Miss Rohano, first I'd like you to convince Mr. Matthews
that you are sexually adept. Take him around the world."

The diminutive woman peeled off her tight outfit as the Principal asked
Walter to undress. As Miss Rohano saw Walter's huge cock, her eyes widened
but she said nothing. She knelt in front of Walter and gripped his
semi-erect cock in both hands. Lifting it, she started licking his balls and
started moving up his thick shaft. As she did, the fat organ grew and
stiffened. Reaching the head, she worked her tongue around it. Opening her
mouth wide, she took the bulging cock head into her mouth and applied
suction while working her tongue under it. Steeling herself, she inched
forward very slowly, forcing the monster into her throat a millimeter at a
time. As she ran out of breath, she would pull back, take a gagging breath
and restart the painful stretching of her throat going further down with
each descent. After several minutes, she was taking the full length of the
huge cock on each thrust. Gradually, she increased the rate of her movement
until she was cramming the thick cock in and out of her throat at a furious
rate. Her eyes showed the discomfort the pounding was causing her throat.
Sensing Walter was near orgasm, she stopped her expert cock sucking.

She stood, one hand rubbing her small neck and asked Walter to bend forward.
As his face came in line with hers, she wrapped her arms around his neck and
asked him to straighten up. He easily lifted her lithe body off the ground
and she wrapped her legs around his torso as her feet left the floor. At her
instructions, he lined his cock up with her cunt and she wiggled the huge
head into her tight pussy, gasping at the incredible stretching of her
vagina. Gasping and grimacing, she allowed her small body to slide down
Walter's cock until the full length was buried inside her. Her body trembled
slightly from the pain. Walter reached under her ass and started to lift.
Rather than having to exert any effort, the teacher sensed the pressure and
used her muscular legs to pull up on the cock. As Walter stopped lifting,
she thrust back down on the cock, her face once again twisting with the
pain.

She continued riding the cock, allowing Walter to control the depth and rate
by sensing the pressure of his hands on her ass. Again, she felt the signs
of impending orgasm and asked Walter to lift her off his cock and set her
down so he could use her ass.

Laying Walter back on the desk, she climbed on the desk and straddled him.
She lined his cock up with her ass and drove down hard. Her head shook as
she tried to control the pain caused by several inches of the huge cock
driving into her tight ass. Twisting her body as she drove down, she started
a deep driving anal fuck. Her body quivered in pain from each down stroke.
After a few minutes, Walter came to a gushing climax in her ass. The teacher
pulled her sweating body off the fat cock and took a tissue from the
principal's desk to wipe the come leaking from her distended ass. She then
sucked Walter's softening cock clean.

Walter got up and started dressing "I have to admit she's pretty good but it
doesn't seemed to have helped my daughter learn anything." The principal
looked at the naked teacher "What kind of punishments have you used to
encourage Julie?" The teacher blushed "I don't think it helps to punish a
young girl. I try and encourage them." The principal glared in anger "I'm
sorry Mr. Matthews, obviously we've a bigger problem than I suspected. Miss
Rohano, this institution will not accept failure. Any lack of performance
must be met by immediate punishment! Do you understand?" The small Latin
woman nodded, biting her lower lip in fear.

The principal picked up a 3-foot long thin plastic rod "Come with me!"
Walter left the room followed by the principal and the naked teacher. Every
few steps, the principal slashed the teacher's muscular ass with the rod. A
cry of pain followed each slash as she stumbled forward in pain. Each blow
was leaving a nasty red welt and her ass was becoming striped with welts as
the occasional drop of blood appeared.

They came upon a door labeled "Torture Room". The Principal opened it and
waved Miss Rohano in. She was sobbing deeply and her small breasts shook
slightly with the crying. The room was the size of a small gymnasium and
equipped with punishment chairs, racks, examination tables and other torture
devices. A tall middle aged woman with shoulder length white hair greeted
them. She wore a medical jacket with a deep neckline that exposed a large
portion of heavy 41-inch breasts. The bottom of the jacket ended just below
her full ass and the split below the last button showed white pussy hair.
Her legs were firm and muscular.

The principal pointed to the teacher, "Hilda, we need to punish Miss Rohano
but we don't want to take her away from class too long. We'll need something
severe but quick." Hilda smiled wickedly and led the teacher over to a
medical examining table. As she laid the small woman on the table and
started fastening her down with straps she chided, "It's been a while since
you've been here cunt. Too bad we don't have more time."

Miss Rohano shuddered as Hilda pressed a button on the table and the
stirrups on the table moved back, forcing the teacher's knees to her small
tits. Another button was pressed and the stirrups moved farther apart,
forcing her legs apart until they were almost flat beside her. The teacher
whimpered as her hip joints ached from the unusual position. Her cunt was
fully exposed and slightly open.

Hilda picked up a device that looked like a larger stapler. She pulled one
cunt lip so it stretched to one side and placed the stapler against it. As
she pushed a button on the stapler, The teacher screamed as a long tack
drove through her cunt lip and into her leg. Quickly, Hilda drove 2 more
staples into the stretched cunt lip as the teacher's screams increased. As
Hilda pulled on the second cunt lip, Miss Rohano begged "No! God no! Please
stOOOOOOWWWWW!" as Hilda drove 3 staples into the other cunt lip.

The teacher sobbed loudly as Hilda opened a cupboard under the table and
came out with something that looked like a 4-inch long bottlebrush. It had a
center wire about 1/8 inch thick that was covered by 1/8 inch long metal
bristles.
Hilda held it in front of the small woman's face "Remember how much you
hated this?" The teacher's face became a mask of terror "Please, not that!"
She turned her head to the 2 men "Fist fuck me! Piss in my mouth! Whip me!
Please stop her!"

The principal motioned Hilda on and she held the brush over the teacher's
gaping cunt and lined the center wire up with the urethra. Slowly she pushed
the brush up the tiny piss hole as Miss Rohano gasped. As the sharp bristles
pushed further into her sensitive urethra, the teacher started crying out in
pain. As the brush was fully inserted, Hilda rotated it back and forth as
the teacher howled. Finally, she fucked it in and out several times turning
the piss hole into a raw painful hole.

As the teacher whimpered from the pain in her urethra, Hilda took a wire
from under the table and plugged one end into a jack. The other end had a
clip on it that she connected to the central wire of the brush. As Miss
Rohano realized what her tormentor was planning, she became very agitated
and struggled in her bonds "NOOOO! NOT THE ELECTRICITY! YOU'LL KILL ME!"

Hilda took another wire out from under the table and pushed one end into the
jack. The other end of this wire was a dull metal probe coming from a
plastic insulator. Hilda grabbed a dial and started turning it "Because we'
re in a hurry we'll start at setting 8 and go right to work on your clit."
The teacher begged to be whipped, to have the men shit in her mouth or any
other degrading act if only they didn't shock her piss hole and clit. Her
pleas were cut off by a room-shattering scream as Hilda pressed the tip of
the probe onto her sensitive clitoris. The small woman's firm muscles shook
as the electricity pulsed through her tender urethra and clit.

Hilda pulled back on the probe and reached for the dial, turning it to 9.
Miss Rohano gasped for air as she tried to recover from the prior shock.
Before she could completely recover, Hilda pressed the probe back onto her
clit. The teacher's screams renewed as her body vibrated from the pain.

The teacher's head rocked from side to side as she sobbed deeply, the pain
continuing after the shock was over. Hilda turned the dial to 10 and leaned
over the small woman "The last time I used 10 on you, you dislocated your
shoulder. Don't worry though, I've strapped you down tighter this time.
Relentlessly, Hilda moved the probe over the tiny abused clit. As it
approached, a spark jumped to the clit setting off an open-mouthed scream.
As the probe touched the sensitive nub, the howls became continuous and the
teacher's firm muscles bucked her body up and down as far as the tight bonds
would allow.

After several seconds, Hilda removed the probe and the principal walked over
to the whimpering victim "I suspect you'll be a little more strict in your
class from now on or do you need more instruction?" Miss Rohano shook her
pain twisted face violently as she sobbed "No more, I'll do anything. No
more, please.

The principal motioned to Hilda and the straps loosened. "Leave the brush in
her urethra until the end of the day." The teacher wept more as she realized
her piss hole would be further abused as she went through the day. She got
up and rubbed her aching clit gingerly. She grimaced as she used her
fingernails to pull each staple out of her distended cunt lips. Small drops
of blood ran down her legs.

The principal instructed her to return to her class without getting her
clothes and told her they'd be watching her. He then instructed Hilda to get
his secretary and meet them in the viewing room. Opening the door, the
principal led Walter to another door down the hall. Walter entered a narrow
room. One wall was entirely of glass and looked into a classroom occupied by
15 young women and an older woman. The young women were all wearing short
skirts pulled up around their waists. Naked cunts were being furiously
fingered by each of the girls as they masturbated. The older woman walked
around watching the action.

The principal walked in "This wall is a one way mirror." He flipped a switch
and the grunts and groans of the classroom filled the room. Miss Rohano
entered the room. The girls all looked up wide-eyed as they saw their
teacher obviously shaken. Welts decorated her naked skin from the whip and
the thin handle of the brush in her urethra protruded between her legs. The
older woman spoke "I have them practicing masturbation." Miss Rohano nodded
and the woman left the room. Raising her voice, the teacher threatened
"Concentrate, girls! Whoever orgasms last will be punished!" Gasping the
young women increased their furious manipulations.

Hilda entered the room accompanied by the topless secretary, the horrible
presses still crushing her tits. The principal ordered the two women to
undress. They both did so but the secretary gasped every time her movements
jiggled her crushed tits. Turning to Walter, the principal asked, "I'm sure
you must be quite aroused by all this, I am. Would you like to fuck one of
these cunts?" Walter shrugged "OK if I fuck their ass?" The principal nodded
assent and Walter walked behind the two women. Roughly, he forced 2 fingers
into each of the women as they both gasped from the intrusion. He was
pleasantly surprised to find Hilda's muscular ass to grip tightly around his
fingers. Pulling them out he slapped her hard on the ass "You'll do. Bend
over."

Hilda bent over a chair. She looked back at Walter with a worried look on
her face. She hated anything up her ass and had been able to avoid it in her
position as the disciplinarian at a girl's school. The thought of this big
man using her ass worried her greatly. The worry turned to terror as she
Walter pulled his thick cock out of his fly. "Please no! Fuck me in my cunt!
It'll kill me if you put that in my ass!" she pleaded. Ignoring her begging,
Walter lined his cock up and worked the bulbous cock head against her tiny
ass hole. He pushed against her sphincter as hard as he could and watched as
it gradually stretched until the huge head and 2 inches of the monster cock
popped into her ass. "AAAAYYYIIIEEE!" she screamed as her ass stretched
impossibly. Walter started stabbing his cock deeper in hard short thrusts
raising scream after scream. As his cock fully buried itself in the tiny
hole, he rested as the large dominatrix writhed in agony on his cock.

In the meantime, the principal had his secretary kneel on the seat of the
chair and hang her large crushed tits over the back. He then lined his cock
up with her sphincter and drove in hard. Unlike Hilda, she was well used to
ass fucking and she only grunted at the pain from the rough intrusion.
However, as the principal set up a steady hard ass fucking, he reached under
her and turned some of the pressure off the tit press. The suffering red
head cried out as blood rushed back into her fat tits and the sensation of
pain in them increased. After a few seconds, he started tightening the press
again and a different pain tormented her tender breasts. He continued this
alternating tit torture as he fucked her ass and the secretary wept and
gasped in agony.

As the two men settled into their ravaging of the women's asses, their
attention returned to the classroom. One by one, the girls' breathing became
rapid and they shuddered to orgasm until only a short buxom brunette was
left ramming her fingers in and out of her cunt. Finally even she shuddered
to orgasm. The small teacher walked up to the girl "You're the last."
Checking a clipboard, she noted "Your owner has approved the use of a cane.
Turn around and bend over your desk."

Terrified, the young girl pleaded "Please don't use the cane! It'll leave
marks and I'll be punished again when I get home!" The teachers face
hardened "Times are changing! From now on, whenever one of you is slow or
doesn't pass a test, you'll be severely punished! Because you didn't bend
over right away, you're going to get 15 strokes. I was only going to give
you 10. Now bend over or do you want 20!" The girls eyes opened wide in
terror as she shook her head and bent over the desk.

The teacher flipped the skirt up and tucked the hem under the belt exposing
a full ass over sturdy shapely legs. She went to a cupboard and came out
with a 3-foot long bamboo cane. She swung it through the air as the victim
tensed as she heard the swishing sound. Lining it up with the full ass, the
teacher rubbed it against the full cheeks. Suddenly she snapped it up and
cracked it onto the quivering ass.

The students scream filled the room as a nasty welt formed across her ass.
The teacher paused for her to regain some composure and struck again.
Between each of the strokes, the teacher allowed time for her victim to
recover and get the full effect of the next stroke. By the time the last
stroke was dealt, the beautiful ass was a mass of welts and the girl was
writhing and sobbing as her ass felt like it had been sliced apart.

Miss Rohano turned to the class as the punished girl stood and lowered her
skirt "Time to practice cock sucking!" Walter observed the worried look on
Julie's face as each girl reached into her desk and came out with a narrow
6-inch dildo with a suction cup at the base. Each girl pressed the suction
cup to her desktop so the dildo stuck straight up from it. The all took
their place on their desk seat. The young girl who had her butt caned
gingerly lowered herself to the seat and grimaced as her battered ass took
her weight.

Miss Rohano issued her instruction "Girls, all the way down and hold it
until I tell you to come up." Each student wrapped her lips around the dildo
and pushed their faces down until it mashed into the desktop. Gagging sounds
filled the room as each girl swallowed their dildo. Only Julie's face wasn't
pressed into the desk as she moved her head up and down trying to swallow
the narrow head.

After a minute, Miss Rohano said "OK, girls" The young women lifted their
head and gasped for breath. The teacher walked over to Julie's desk and
ordered "Try again!" A tear rolled down Julie's face as she bent forward and
took the end of the dildo into her mouth. She pushed down but as soon as the
fake cock hit the back of her mouth, she would gag and pull up. After 2
attempts, the teacher grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her head
down. Julie gagged loudly and her arms thrashed about as the dildo choked
her. Her struggles become so violent that the teacher had to use both hands
and lean forward to hold the girl's face on the desk. She continued to hold
Julie's face mashed onto the desktop for over a minute and finally pulled
her head up.

Saliva ran out of Julie's mouth as she coughed loudly, trying to suck air
into her desperate lungs. As the girl started to regain some composure, Miss
Rohano pointed at the student "From now on, every time you fail to do an
exercise, you'll be punished starting now!" Julie sobbed as the teacher
retrieved the clipboard. Looking down the list, she read, your owner has
limited us to paddles and straps. We'll have to do your tits to make it
worthwhile. Five strokes of a paddle to each tit should do it. Strip to the
waist!"

Julie stood up and pleaded "GOD NO! NOT MY TITS! MY DAD HURT THEM LAST
NIGHT! PLEASE! THEY CAN'T TAKE ANY MORE, I'LL DIE!" Miss Rohano licked her
lips, wishing she could show mercy but knowing it would only end up with
both of them being tortured "We're up to 10 slaps to each tit. Do you want
to try for 15 or will you strip?"

Sobbing, Julie removed the thin blouse and undid her bra. The whole class
gasped as it fell of her grossly swollen tits. Her nipples, stretched by the
swelling, were red and raw from rubbing against the wire bristles. The huge
swollen tits swayed as the teacher led her to two wrist cuffs attached by
chains to the wall. Shackling her hands over her head, the teacher got a
round wooden paddle from the cupboard approached Julie.

Lining the paddle up with her fat right tit, she raised her arm high and
struck the side of the already abused flesh. Julie's scream was so loud, it
caused the rest of the class to wince. Again the teacher gave several
seconds for the screaming to subside and laid another stroke to the side of
the tit. Another scream of agony filled the room. The teacher laid a total
of 8 timed strokes across Julie's tit. Then, she switched to a backhand
stroke and hit the raw stretched nipple. Julie's feet left the floor as she
bucked in horrible pain. Her body continued to twist as her nipple felt like
had been set on fire. As her movement slowed, the teacher laid the tenth
stroke on the nipple. Again Julie thrashed and screamed horribly.

The teacher stepped back as Julie pleaded through body shaking sobs, "N-n-no
m-m-m-ore p-p-leeaase!" The teacher walked back up to the restrained student
and lined the paddle up with the left breast. Using a backhand stroke she
struck the side of the tit. Again Julie's world exploded in pain as 8 blows
struck her tit. She could only shake her head in terror as the teacher lined
the paddle up with her nipple for the last 2 horrible blows.

As Julie's thrashing subsided, she hung limp in the shackles, her huge tits
discolored and bruising. Miss Rohano undid the wrist cuffs and grabbed one
of the battered nipples and pulled the writhing girl back to her desk. She
pointed to the dildo "Swallow it!"

Still sobbing loudly, Julie sat down and bent over the fake cock. She took
it in her mouth and pushed down. She paused as it hit her throat but pressed
down. Her eyes bulged and choking sounds escaped as the dildo pushed into
her throat. Desperately she held the dildo in her throat until her teacher
nodded it was allowed to lift her head. As she sat up, she coughed and held
her throat. Miss Rohano walked slowly to the front of the room "Alright
class, time for exercise period."

In the viewing room, Hilda and the secretary were in dire distress. Hilda's
tight ass had torn from the horrible ass pounding. She grunted in pain with
each forward thrust. Walter had reached under her and grabbed a tit in each
hand and was twisting them brutally. The principal had stopped the opening
and closing of the presses and was using them as levers to twist the
secretary's large tits impossibly. Her prior gasps of pain from the raping
had turned into cries of agony as the edges of the presses stretched her tit
flesh horribly.

Both men finally came shortly after the end of Julie's punishment. As they
were placing their cocks back in their pants, the principal spoke "I don't
think you'll have any more problems with your daughter's cock sucking."
Walter nodded agreement. He shook the principal's hand and took his leave.





Family Life

By Mad Dog

Chapter 5: A Day at the Office

Walter walked up to his secretary's desk. Emily stood up as she realised her
boss was approaching. She was tall and slender. At 24 she was a stunning red
head, 5 feet 10 inches tall. Her measurements were 36-23-35.  She was
dressed in a wool suit with a skirt that ended just below her crotch. The
suit jacket had no blouse below it, exposing the tops and sides of her firm
tits.

Walter preferred smaller women with tighter orifices but Emily was the best
secretary in the pool and Walter always put work first.

Emily was hopeful that she'd get out of the morning fuck because Walter had
taken time to go to his daughter's school. She hated the way he pounded her
tight cunt with his huge cock. However, it was much preferable to an ass
fuck. If Walter fucked her ass, she'd hurt for hours.

She thought she was off the hook when Walter didn't tell her to bend over
the desk and asked for the mornings typing. She turned away from him, placed
her feet apart and bent over the low table holding the mornings work. As she
did, her ultra-short skirt rode up exposing her flaming red cunt hair. She
turned and handed the file of typing and correspondence to her boss.

He took the documents to his desk. He sat in his chair, undid his fly and
pulled his massive cock out "We'll have to skip our morning fuck, I'm
running behind. Suck my cock while I go over these."

Emily knelt in front of her boss and opened her mouth as wide as she could.
She took the fat head into her mouth and pressed down. She felt the all too
familiar painful pressure as the horrible prick went down her throat.
Gagging and coughing, she set up a steady rythm as she used her throat to
fuck the huge cock.

After several minutes of brutalising her throat, Walter grabbed a handful of
her hair and pulled her face back until just his cock-head was in her mouth.
Tensing, he came in her mouth. Emily swallowed desperately as spurts of
semen filled her mouth. Letting her up, he placed his softening cock back in
his pants.

He lifted a letter from his desk and held it up "You put an apostrophe in
the possessive form of its. We've talked about this before. You know what
this means." The attractive red head flushed and looked at the floor" I'll
be punished." Walter nodded "Get the punishment stool."

A tear ran down Emily's face as she went to a closet and pulled out the
device. It consisted of a normal office chair bottom on casters. However, in
place of a chair seat, a metal bar shaped like a triangle was laid
horizontally above the chair pivot. It was about 12 inches long with one
sharp edge up.

Two huge dildos rose from openings in the centre of the bar. The first dildo
was 10 inches long and covered with short stiff bristles. It was 3 inches
thick. The second dildo was 8 inches long and covered with raised metal
studs. Two leather cuffs were attached to the bottom of the central column.

As Emily rolled the device to the center of the room, the 2 horrible dildos
spun as the casters rolled.

"Squat on it!" Walter ordered. Emily removed her ultra short skirt exposing
her fiery red pubes and narrow firm ass. Weeping steadily now, she lined her
cunt up with the impossibly fat 10-inch dildo.  She gasped as she twisted
her torso trying to work the huge fake cock into her dry cunt. As much as it
hurt she continued pressing down until it stretched her cunt lips apart,
knowing worse punishment would follow if she failed. As the over-stretched
cunt finally allowed the torture dildo to enter her, she cried out in pain.

Quivering, she lined the smaller dildo up with her sphincter. Whining, she
pushed down, her ass burning as the large fake cock worked into her ass.
Gasping and choking in pain, she worked herself down until her agonised
holes had swallowed the punishment dildos. Her body quivered from the
horrible stretching pain.

Walter knelt beside the chair and pulled one ankle back and strapped it into
a cuff. He pulled the other ankle back and strapped it into the second cuff.
Emily strained trying to support her weight with her bent legs but it only
took seconds for the awkwardly angled muscles to give way. Her head snapped
back and she grunted through clenched teeth as her tender cunt pressed
against the sharp edge of the triangular bar took up her full weight. Emily
wept loudly knowing that her cunt would be brutally bruised.

Walter put his hands on the secretary's shoulders and started rolling the
torture stool out to her desk. She whined and yelped as the huge dildos
rotated inside her. Walter pointed to a 4-drawer file cabinet, "I want the
files in this cabinet taken out and refiled in the empty one on the other
side of your desk."

Emily opened a drawer and took a handful of files. Using her other hand, she
pulled herself along the edge of her desk, her face twisted in agony as her
cunt and ass were rubbed raw by the spinning dildos.

Satisfied that the errant secretary had several hours of vaginal torture
ahead of her, Walter returned to his office and went back to work. About an
hour later, his Secretary's pained voice came over his intercom "Nngh... Mr.
Peterson wants ...owwuhh... to see you." Walter cursed at the interruption
but got up. When the president of the company wants to see you, you go no
matter how busy you are.

As Walter entered the outer office, he saw Vera, the president's secretary
seated at her desk. She looked in some discomfort. She was 35 years old with
blonde hair that hung to her shoulders. She wore a thin blouse that was
stretched to its limits over massive 45-inch breasts. Thick nipples were
clearly visible through the thin material.

She looked up at Walter "Hello, Mr. Matthews. Mr. Peterson asked me to bring
you right in." She stood very slowly and stepped out from her desk. Below
her blouse she was naked except for black nylon stockings held up by a
garter belt. Attached to the inside top of each nylon were 2 elastic straps.
The other end of the straps were attached to large sharp toothed alligator
clips digging into her cunt lips. The elastics had stretched her labia 3 to
4 inches and her breath caught in short gasps as she walked several feet to
the office. As she opened the door and stepped in, muffled screams could be
heard.

Walter entered the room to see a small young woman strapped to a punishment
table at one end of the office. Her legs were cuffed to stirrups and were
widely spread.

She was tiny at 4 foot 10 inches. She breasts were mere lumps on her chest
topped with small pink nipples. Mr. Peterson was holding a cat o' nine
tails. Horrible red welts covered the tiny young woman's tits. Tears ran
down her face as she sobbed loudly.

Mr. Peterson set the whip down and walked across the room, his hand extended
"Good to see you, Walter! Sorry but I'm not quite finished here. This little
bitch begged me not to put my cock in her cunt. Vera will be going in for
surgical vaginal and anal tightening and scar regeneration tomorrow and this
one will have to learn her place. Vera, entertain Walter. Show him the new
electronic pin cushion."

Vera walked over to a cupboard and took out a black box with an electric
cord hanging from it. Twenty-five white ceramic knobs stuck up from the top
of the box. Vera plugged it in and set it on the desk and asked Walter to
wait for a minute.

In the meantime, Mr. Peterson had taken up a thick 8-inch dildo. It was
covered with hard plastic spines and was attached to a webbing belt. He held
it up over the terrified young woman, "Don't worry. I won't put my cock in
your cunt, I'll use this instead!" The girl's eyes opened in terror as she
pleaded for him to reconsider.

While Mr. Peterson wrapped the webbing belt around his waist so the large
dildo hung over his cock, Vera put her ass on the desk and laid back. She
pulled her legs as far apart as she could. The elastics attached to her cunt
stretched her labia even more, making her cunt gape widely open. She whined
for a second as the pain in her cunt lips increased "Put your cock in my
ass, please."

Walter opened his fly and pulled out his huge erection. Vera bit her lip as
she saw the fat cock but she kept her legs pulled back and spread. Walter
lined his cock up with her ass and jerked in hard. "Garrgh!" she grunted as
her eyes widened in pain. Enjoying the tight pressure, Walter leaned
forward, plunging his cock into the secretary's ass. Vera cried out as her
butt twitched in agony.

Struggling to maintain her composure, Vera opened the front of her blouse,
freeing her huge tits. Walter could see the need for the scar regeneration.
Her tits were marked with fine white scars. Mr. Peterson had obviously
inflicted brutal punishment on them often.

On the other side of the room, Mr. Peterson had lined the dildo head up with
the tiny cunt of his victim. She tried to twist herself away but the bonds
held her tight. Pushing the dildo hard, the tiny hole started to stretch
around the thick fake cock. Her head thrashed back and forward as a couple
of inches of hard plastic over-stretched her cunt. He then lined his cock up
with her minuscule asshole.  The small woman panicked "God no! Please not my
ass!" Mr. Peterson shook his head, "That will cost you five more strokes on
your tits!" The girl's gasp of terror turned to a cry of pain as the older
man forced his cock into her ass.

While her ass was being ravaged, Vera reached over and pulled on one of the
ceramic knobs on top of the box. A thick pin was attached to the ceramic and
glowed cherry red with heat. Holding it over the top of her tit, she steeled
herself and plunged the red hot metal into her fat tit. Her scream rang
through the room.

As she regained her composure, she pushed the black box closer to Walter
"NNggh. use needles .oww. cause much pain .gawd. makes my ass tighten."
Walter pulled another glowing pin and pushed it into the other tit. Again a
scream filled the room and Walter felt the asshole of the tortured woman
spasm around his cock. Slowly, he inserted 3 more heated pins into each tit,
pounding his cock in and out of Vera's ass as her body bounced in pain with
each scream.

Walter picked up another red hot pin and touched the tip of it against a
large nipple. Vera gritted her teeth but lost control as he slowly worked it
into the fat teat. Walter kept the volume of screams up, slowly and
deliberately working three hot pins into each nipple. Recognising Vera was
nearing her limits, Walter continued with a long deep anal rape but allowed
a few minutes for Vera to get used to the deep burns caused by the pins
puncturing her magnificent tits.

Mr. Peterson was brutally double fucking his small victim as he picked up
the whip. The girl's face was twisted in pain from the fucking so she didn't
see the first stroke approaching her small tit. As it struck, her eyes
bulged open as she screamed. The older man laid four more hard lashes across
the tiny tits as the small young woman thrashed in her bonds.

Walter took another glowing pin and touched it to one of the over-stretched
cunt lip. Vera tensed as she anticipated the agony she knew was coming.
Walter pushed the pin through the tightly stretched flesh. Inhuman screams
filled the room as Walter pierced each cunt lips 3 times.

Walter pulled out another pin and touched the tip against Vera's exposed
clit. Her legs vibrated in fear as Walter jerked the pin through the tender
nub. She screamed for several minutes until her cries subsided to
unintelligible gargling as Walter came into her ass.

Mr. Peterson quickened his fucking and he too filled the ass of his victim.
Both men pulled out of the women who remained moaning and sobbing in pain.

The two men took a chair and Mr. Peterson spoke "I've got good news for you.
Hamilton is retiring so we have an opening for a new Vice-president of
production. I'm putting your name in front of the board." Walter flushed. He
'd always hoped to make it to the senior executive but this was way sooner
than he expected "That's great, sir!" Mr. Peterson leaned back "Archie
Jefferson wants to golf with us and have you and your family over for dinner
on Saturday. I suggest you make yourself available." Walter nodded smiling
"Of course!"

The two men shook hands and Walter left the office, his head swimming. This
was good news indeed.



(Note from Stories-Online.net: this is all I have)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mad Dog


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





