BDSM Library - The Ride




The Ride
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Disobedient slave must ride the Wooden Pony as punishment.
The following story contains scenes of sexual activity between adults. It is not
intended to be read by anyone under the age of 18. It may contain activities
which are offensive to some. None of the actions depicted here actually
occurred, and no animals were injured in the writing of this story.
This story is fiction! The author does not condone nor promote these activities.
If you have difficulty distinguishing between fact and fantasy, join the club!
If it is illegal in your community/city/county/state to read sexually explicit
material, then delete this story from your computer and spend the evening
writing letters to your government representatives telling them to change the
law. It won't do any good, but it will give you something to do.
This story may be archived on any free site, provided proper credit is given and
all warnings and disclaimers remain in place. If you paid a fee to read this
story you have been screwed!

The Ride
by Paul T




The Ride
by Paul T

"Strip!" The command was given in a soft, firm voice, one which both thrilled
and terrified the trembling young women kneeling on the floor.

"Please, Master," she cried. She kept her head lowered, looking at the man's
feet. Though dressed in jeans and flannel shirt, she had her knees parted and
was sitting back on her heels, hands clasped behind her back. Just as she had
been taught. "I didn't intend to disobey you, Master. I was only going out for a
minute."

"You will strip now!" came the reply. "Any further whining will only increase
your punishment."

She knew he meant it. He had punished her before and would not hesitate to
increase the punishment for any reason. Or for no reason at all. Her hands came
around and began unbuttoning the shirt, her trembling fingers fumbling with the
buttons.

The woman had been with her Master for several years, now. She loved him
desperately, and relished his torments and humiliations. He always seemed to
know what she needed, and how to best give her what she most wanted. Floggings
of her breasts, ass and cunt; clamps on nipples and clit; hot wax dripped
anywhere he chose. All these and more were both torment and pleasure for her.
But he was always conscious of her needs, and whenever he chose to torture her
thus, she was always permitted to orgasm by the end of the session.

But punishments were different! She hated and feared them more than anything
else. Punishments were not designed for her pleasure, they were intended as
lessons. They were generally very painful, or very humiliating, or both, and
there was never any sexual release for her afterwards. Some of his more
diabolical punishments had kept her both in pain and constantly aroused for
days, and some had taken several more days to recover from. But he had never
injured her, aside from a few bruises, and those generally healed quickly.

As she removed the shirt and unsnapped her bra the woman couldn't help but
wonder what he had in mind for her this time. She knew he had been working on a
new device in the dungeon, but he hadn't let her in on the secret yet. All she
was certain of was that she would not like it.

And yet, despite her fear and misgivings, she could already feel that familiar
tingling in her pussy. For reasons she didn't understand, and didn't even try to
analyze, the anticipation of pain always aroused her more than anything else.
She didn't really enjoy the pain, not at all. Whether in play or in punishment
she did not like the pain. But her body responded to it in ways that mystified
her, and the anticipation, the knowledge that soon she would be screaming for
mercy, had her cunt juices flowing.

As she began removing the jeans, her Master asked her, "Do you understand why
you are going to be punished?"

"Yes, Master. I understand."

"Good. Tell me what you did wrong."

Falling into her slave mode, the woman responded, "This cunt is not permitted to
wear any clothing which will restrict access to her cunt, ass or tits unless
instructed otherwise. This cunt is to be completely available to her Master at
all times."

"That is correct. So why did you dress like this? Bra, jeans, panties. Three
forbidden items. Why, slut?"

She slid the jeans and panties off her legs and resumed her servile position as
she responded. "This cunt was going to the store for groceries. This cunt
thought her Master would be out of town until tomorrow. This cunt did not want
to risk humiliation at the store."

"So," replied the Master, "this is how you serve me? When I am not here,
actually watching you, you feel you can do as you please? Is that how you love
and respect your Master?"

"This cunt is sorry, Master," she sobbed. "She didn't mean to upset you!"

"You only THINK you are sorry, cunt. But you will learn. Put these on." He
tossed her cuffs for her wrists and ankles.

The woman wrapped the cuffs on her limbs and presented them to her Master for
his inspection. He pulled them tighter, then locked them into place with small
padlocks. "To the dungeon, slave. Now!"

The woman jumped up and hustled to the basement door. She waited there while he
unlocked it, then hurried down the stairs. Opening the door to the soundproofed
room, she took three steps into the darkness then dropped to her knees. Once
again she assumed her servile position as she waited for her Master.

He stepped in behind her and began lighting the candles which were the only
source of light in the room. Along with the heavy drapes, the rubberized
flooring and the slight musty odor which always seems to be present in
basements, the dim lighting of the candles always seemed to transport the woman
to an ancient time when torture chambers were common. And again she could feel
that tingle in her cunt.

"Come over here," he commanded her, and she hurried to him, not wanting to anger
him any more. He was near the back wall, where the winches were, so she guessed
that she would be suspended in some manner. A shudder went through her. That
usually meant the whips, and that meant she would be screaming for a long time.

He quickly reached down and attached cables to both ankle cuffs, then went over
and started winching her legs apart. At about three feet apart he stopped, and
she was surprised. He usually went much further, until she though she would
split in two! Then, even more surpising, instead of attaching her arms to the
overhead cables, he clipped the wrist cuffs together and then locked them to the
ring on the back of her collar. This had the effect of lifting her breasts
somewhat, which hinted at some kind of breast torture, but he would not be able
to suspend her like this. What did he have in mind?

She did not wonder for long. Her Master stepped in front of her carrying what
appeared to be a carpenter's sawhorse. From what she could see it was built
entirely of 2 x 4's, and she quickly realized that he had built it just for her.
"Riding the horse" had been something she had fantasized about, and he had
promised her that someday she would, but she had not expected it to be a
"punishment". She had always felt that she would enjoy the sexual torment more
than fear it. Even looking at the device had her nipples and clit throbbing with
excitement!

He quickly slid the horse between her legs, and she noticed that it did not
quite reach her pussy, though she felt it brush her thighs just below her labia.
But then she noticed something else, and her face paled. Instead of being flat,
like the edge of a board, the top of the horse was rounded. And serrated! He had
cut notches into the wood crossways, leaving vicious looking ridges on the bar.

Now he bent down and placed clamps on her cunt lips, making her jump and moan
slightly, then he pulled the lips outwards and tied the clamps to her thighs,
spreading her wide open. This exposed the tenderest parts of her pussy to the
horse, but thankfully she was still not touching it. Then he started the winch
again. Slowly, relentlessly, her feet were pulled further apart, as were her
pussy lips. She felt the wood begin to push up between the labia, and then press
into her clit. She pushed with her toes, the rubberized flooring allowing her
good purchase, and managed to raise herself off of the bar slightly. Then the
winch pulled her legs another inch or two apart, and she could barely feel the
wood between her legs.

Even as she began to think that this wouldn't be too bad, her calves started to
tremble, and her thighs quickly followed. As her muscles tired, she relaxed her
toes, and sank down onto the bar. Searing pain shot through her as her clit slid
into one of the notches in the wood and was pinched in the vee.
"AAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!" She screamed in pain and began pushing onto her toes once
more. Immediately the pain in her clit eased, though the tormented nub continued
to throb and ache. What frightened her, though, was that her toes were already
beginning to feel the strain, and her legs were starting to tremble again!

After only a few minutes she realized she would have to relieve her aching legs.
Slowly she lowered herself onto the bar, leaning back slightly to keep her clit
out of the notches. The pressure on her tender inner cunt lips increased, as did
the pain, but it was nothing like the initial shock to her clit. But she also
knew that she wouldn't be able to stay this way for too long. Already the pain
in her cunt was becoming unbearable. "Ohhhhh, godddddd, noooooooo. Please,
Master, noooooaaaaAAAHHHHH!"

With a tremendous effort she managed to rise up on her toes once more, but
almost immediately she felt the strain in her legs. And she knew that she would
never be able to find a position without pain. As her calves again started to
tremble she could feel the muscles tightening. "Forgive me, Master!" she cried.
"I'll never disobey you again! Please, Master, save me!AAAAHHHH!"

The pain in her legs was horrendous, and she once again tried to lower herself
carefully onto that hateful bar. But her muscles would no longer hold her and as
her legs gave out her entire weight forced that bar up into her folds and
pressed against her clit.

"AAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRR!!! PLEEEEEEEESE, NOOOOOOOOO!AAAHHHHHHHHH!" Her body
convulsed in pain and she rocked back off of her clit, but managed to pinch
other tender parts in the serrations. Her feet flailed wildly as she tried to
regain her footing and ease the pain in her crotch.

Standing to one side, the Master checked his watch. He had already decided on
ten minutes for each of the forbidden articles of clothing. As he watched the
second hand sweep past the twelve on the dial he thought, "That takes care of
the bra. Only twenty more minutes to go." And as the shrill screams of his slave
echoed through the dungeon he wondered if THIS time she would finally learn her
lesson!

End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Paul T


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





