BDSM Library - Chained, Tortured Nun




Chained, Tortured Nun
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sister Mary had a brother who owed money to some mean people. They came after Mary for the money and found it was a good oppontunity to fulfil their kinky desires.
CHAINED, TORTURED NUN


FOREWORD

Oftentimes, strange and unconventional desires lurk beneath the veneer of
normalcy many individuals project. Given the right set of circumstances, these
desires cease to be repressed and are eventually acted out.
Certain individuals attempt to retaliate against the increasing necessity to
comply with society's demands by embracing unorthodox modes of behavior.
Subcultures exist in our society, catering to a wide range of tastes. If these
cultural avenues of expression did not exist, the pressure to conform would
become too much for some people to bear-and the consequences would be
devastating.
Sister Mary Katherine and the other nuns of her order are the unwilling victims
of a suburban subculture in CHAINED, TORTURED NUN. Caught up in a covert world
she never dreamed existed, Sister Mary Katherine struggles to free herself-until
she comes to understand the ultimate value of her new experience.




CHAINED, TORTURED NUN

CHAPTER ONE

Sister Mary Katherine chewed on her lower lip, pausing in front of the
half-opened doors leading to the main chapel. She hadn't been a very good nun
lately. She had had the kinds of thoughts Mother Superior had warned her against
the day before she took her final vows of poverty, obedience and chastity.
Chastity, always the most difficult vow for Sister Mary Katherine to keep, was
becoming increasingly more unpleasant with each passing hour.
Standing there by the doorway, clutching her long black robes, she tried to
ignore the electric feeling rushing up and down her inner thighs, swelling in
her cunt.
She closed her eyes, trying to force her mind onto other subjects. There were
all the reports to worry about, the works to the community, her Vespers.
Inhaling sharply, Sister Mary Katherine smelled the sweet odor of the burning
candies blowing in from the altar area. All this should have brought her the
sweet peace of God.
Instead, she thought she could see the Devil himself lying in one of the pews,
beckoning her, his muscles taut, the skin glowing, his eyes piercing into her
very soul. And growing from the shadows flickering around his waist was a
monstrous, long, thick - "Oh!"
Sister Mary Katherine turned, clutching her rosary as if it were a lifeline. The
male organ. Cock is what she had heard some men call it. That was a dirty, vile
name, worthy only of disdain. And yet - and yet she couldn't help saying it now
again and again in her mind. The word loomed as big in her thoughts as a man's
large cock would loom in her bed.
She thought of that now-herself lying naked on her small couch, her cunt aflame,
glowing with lust, her nipples long and red and stiff while a faceless man came
to her from the shadows. The only thing she could make out was his his cock! It
stuck out like a large fat-headed pole, jerking at times, his balls swaying
gently as he knelt beside her and lowered his lips to her tits.
Footsteps! Sister Mary Katherine shook the thoughts from her mind, trying to
ignore the tight, thick feeling of her flesh around her nipples. Someone was in
the chapel. It was late. Who on earth could it be?
Slipping through the door, she closed it softly behind her, sweeping her soft
blue eyes over the tops of the empty pews. There was nothing like the peace of
the church to soothe a troubled, confused mind. But something was disturbing
this holy place. Tracing her fingers along the polished tops of the oak pews,
she stepped forward, feeling her heart begin to beat faster.
There had been several break-ins in the neighborhood but Sister Mary Katherine
couldn't believe anyone of that sort would come into God's house and do
something like that. The convent was considered a great help to the
neighborhood, providing counseling and assistance to those who couldn't
afford it.
"Who's there?"
She managed to maintain a steady voice, peering into the darkness. Was that
movement?
"I asked who's there. You don't have to be afraid. I won't call the police if
you come out. Please, I know it's late. But you're in the House of God. Nothing
can happen to you here."
In the corner she saw two heads rising from behind the pews. A jerk of fear made
the good nun wish she had notified Mother of this intrusion.
"Sister Mary Katherine?" a voice called out.
She started, wondering how they knew her name. She had only recently been
confirmed in the order and had just arrived at Saint Timothy's.
"Why, yes. How do you "Your brother owes us some money. We think it's here."
Sister Mary Katherine put one hand to her heart, feeling a little faint as two
large men rose from behind the altar. Her brother Frank had always been the
black sheep of the family, finally striking out on his own seyeral years ago.
What little they had heard about him since broke their dear mother's heart.
"My brother and I haven't spoken to one another in years," she said stonily-
She had been told that forgiveness was a blessed trait-forgiveness even for
those who do us the most harm. She bowed her head and silently begged God
for help.
"We think you're lyin', nun or no nun," the tall man said, running his fingers
through his hair.
It was then that Sister Mary Katherine reaiized someone had been up by the
altar. Some of the vestments had been moved around, as if they had been
searched.
"Yeah, Joe. Fifty-thousand bucks is enough coin to make even a nun think twice.
It'd buy a whole lotta rosaries, wouldn't it?"
Sister Mary Katherine wasn't sure what they were talking about. But if her
brother had something to do with it, she was certain it was no good. About to
turn, she let out a gasp of astonishment when she heard them rushing for her.
"Owwwwwww!"
It was impossible! Not here, not here in this House, not here! Someone had
struck her full in the face, the force of the blow knocking her to one side. She
staggered, her body striking the back of one pew while her knees seemed to sink
out from under her.
"Hey, you think she's good at any action? You know, puttin' out? Man, I ain't
any good fuckin' pussy for a long time."
"Jack, we just might find out. You don't wanna get a man's cock in you, do you,
Sister? You want to have some cockmeat squeezin 'into your pussy?" Joe asked,
reaching down and gripped the top of her habit.
He tugged it back, pulling the wimple from her face, then tearing the bib down
from around her throat.
Sister Mary Katherine screamed, feeling naked. It was the first time she had
been seen without her full garb in public. She reached for the garments but was
pushed back roughly for her efforts.
There were noises in the corridor, her cries had aroused the rest of the
convent. Joe pulled a .45 Magnum from his pocket and aimed it at the doorway
while Joe locked one arm around Sister Mary's throat, dragging her to her feet
and pressing the back of her head against his chest.
"Saints have mercy on us!"
It was Sister Dominic, another young nun, who burst into the chapel first. Three
others followed, also crossing themselves rapidly while they stared round-eyed
at the struggling nun.
"How many more of these fuckin' penguins you got runnin' around here?" Joe asked
mockingly.
"Three," Sister Mary Katherine answered in a strained voice, struggling against
the arm choking the wind from her.
She was finding it difficult to breathe and her feet were constantly sliding out
from under her. One thick black shoe had already slipped from one foot and her
dark nylons had already begun to run.
"They're all in another part of the convent," she added truthfully.
"Good. Don't want any more bargin' in here. Jack, you take 'em outside and into
the van. Rope and gag 'em. And you cunts listen! We ain't no fuckin' Catholics,
so we don't give a damn if one of you get some bullets in her Goddamned skull.
Understand?"
The terrified nuns nodded rapidly, casting a rueful look back at Sister Mary
Katherine before shuffling out in mute terror.
"And don't let 'em give you any holy shit either. If one tries it' pistol-whip
the bitch," Joe called out after the departing Jack "Now it's you and me, babe.
You and me," he added, his voice growing thicker. "Now, you gonna cough up and
spit out the coins or am I gonna have to get a little rough?"
"I don't know what you're talking about. I told you my brother and I haven't
spoken in years," she answered, wondering how in heaven's name she could
convince this man she was telling the truth.
"Bitch liar!"
Letting her go, Joe spun the woman around, wrapping his fingers around her
throat and squeezing them into the soft flesh. Automatically the nun jerked her
hands up, her fingernails flailing against his knuckles. But still he choked
her, squeezing the air from her lungs, blackening out her brain.
Sister Mary began sinking to the church floor again, a low rattle escaping her
mouth as she wheezed herself toward death. Her tongue slipped from her mouth,
flicking uselessly against her lips while saliva oozed from the corners of her
stretched mouth. Sister Mary Katherine's eyes glazed, rolling up until her
pupils nearly disappeared into her head. She was certain she would die this way,
in front of the altar, on her way to heaven.
"Talk, bitch!"
He let her go, throwing her down against the hard tiled floor with a thud.
Sister Mary Katherine doubled over, holding her throat, coughing and wheezing as
she tried to get the air back in her lungs.
"I told you. I don't know anything!" she shouted back at him.
"I'll bet."
"Owwwwwwwww!"
He backhanded her twice, his knuckles bruising her chin and knocking her head
against the pew. Her arms flailed out to either side as he struck the young nun
a third time with an open hand. Stunned into submission, Sister Mary Katherine
found herself on her belly, both arms hugging her sides while her fingers
covered her face protectively. Joe looked around, his eyes finally settling on
the altar.
"I'll figure out some way to make you talk."
Joe placed one booted foot on Sister Mary's ass. The nun trembled, terrified for
her threatened virginity and for the feelings racing through her now that she
couldn't control.
"Maybe you need to be around somethin' that's gonna loosen you up."
"No, don't. . don't do this! Im a nun!"
Joe had been pulling at her skirts, tearing the thick black material until the
garment was well-shredded about her. Sister Mary Katherine moved her hands
around, trying to keep the skirts around her. But soon she felt them pulled down
from her waist and in a moment she was wearing only her coarse linen panties and
bra.
"Never seen a nun half-naked like this," Joe muttered, staring at the woman now
sprawled awkwardly in the aisle. "You ain't bad. In fact, you're a fine-lookin'
lady."
Sister Mary Katherine felt shamed beyond belief. He was looking at her as a
woman, as a desirable piece of flesh and not as a woman of God! Humiliated, the
young nun tried covering her tits, drawing her knees over one another while
attempting to crawl back into the pew.
Joe reached down and grabbed a handful of her short blonde hair, yanking her
back into the aisle.
"Aiyeeeeeeeee!"
She had been told she might suffer for her faith but this was more than she had
expected. It felt as if a thousand tiny knives were being stabbed into her
scalp. The nun jerked her body about, beating her hands once more against Joe
while her ankles banged against the kneeling bench of the pew.
"Like I said, you cooperate and nothin's gonna happen to you. But you keep
pullin' shit like this and you're gonna have lots of problems."
Sister Mary Katherine kept screaming, kicking at the man as he dragged her down
the smooth, polished aisle toward the altar. She thought he would snatch her
bald! Again and again he forced her legs to bang up against the pews while
continually pulling her hair, drag- ging her like a sack. When they reached the
first step, he dropped his hold.
"Uhhhhhhh!"
Sister Mary Katherine lay like a mute penitent in front of the altar, her hands
covering her face in shame. Many times she had knelt here praying God to take
away the temptations of the flesh. Now she was there naked, humiliated. And all
because of this. . . this animal! She breathed heavily, feeling the frightening
power in her cunt. Her clit was tightening and throbbing while an odd kind of
desire was surging through her belly. Juice oozed from her pussy and wet down
her linen panties.
"Yeah, this is gonna be good."
With that he slipped both hands under her arms, hauling her up the carpeted
steps to the foot of the altar. Sister Mary Katherine was nearly prostrate with
terror.
"One more time, slut. Where the fuck's my money?"
Talking like this before God! And here! Sister Mary Katherine was growing more
and more shocked. But still she maintained enough of her demeanor to deny
vehemently any charge that she had absconded with her brother's ill-gotten
money.
"Too bad. Gotta learn, though.'
"What are you talking about?"
"This!"
Reaching down once again, Joe ripped her bra with one swift move, sliding his
fingers between the cups and tearing them from her upper chest.
Sister Mary Katherine screamed, flinging her arms around her just as her tits
sprang out. Joe laughed, raising one foot and kicking her hard across her upper
back. With a groan the young nun sprawled forward, striking her head on the
upper lip of the altar. Stunned, she collapsed on the floor while Joe curled his
fingers around the elastic waistband of her panties and pulled them down.
Fighting through the cloud that had settled over her brain, the nun tried
drawing her legs together in a vain attempt to keep on her briefs.
But Joe was stronger and more determined, tearing at the rough cloth until it
was down around her knees, skinning down her legs, past her ankles, gone! She
was naked, naked as some of the blessed saints she had seen being roasted over a
grill by the barbarians.
Sister Mary Katherine groaned again, this time feeling the toe of Joe's boot
pressing into her asscrack. In a moment she felt the smooth black leather of his
engineering boot against her shitter, forcing the tiny bud open, stretching it
until she squealed and jerked against the altar.
"No!"
"You wanna get fucked with this? You want this boot up your fuckin' ass?"
"No, no, take it out! Oh God, you're defiling this church! Doesn't that mean
anything to you?"
Joe's harsh laughter frightened the nun. She shivered as she felt herself being
hauled up, lust churning through her belly and cunt. It was when Joe touched her
pussy that the young nun realized her game was over.
"Damn! Hot and wet, just like a fuckin' broad's supposed to be. And you're
tellin' me about defilin' the church," Joe scoffed.
"I don't know what's come over me," she confessed, her cheeks reddening as he
propped her against the altar. "But it still isn't right."
"Goddamned hypocrite!"
With a sweep of his hand Joe knocked the flower vases from the top of the altar,
sending the prettily painted porcelain holders shattering to the floor.
Sister Mary Katherine's eyes rose, taking in the tall crucifix over her. She saw
the Christ looking down sorrowfully at her and nearly collapsed with guilt. She
was hot, feeling her cuntal nerves rise until they were practically singing,
feeling as if she wanted this animal to touch her all over her body. And there
was the symbol of all goodness and morality staring down at her in dreadful
reproach.
"No, no!"
Hands grabbed at her large tits, squeezing her nipples while a crotch rubbed
into her ass.
Sister Mary Katherine screamed, shaking her head from side to side, desperately
trying to deny the hot feeling rushing through her. It was wrong, dreadfully
wrong. 1t wasn't God's plan for her to rut like this before the altar, raped by
this madman!
"Stop it!"
Sister Mary Katherine somehow managed to wriggle away from the big man, pitching
forward, stumbling and struggling wildly to maintain her balance. She saw the
darkened church stretch before her like a vast abyss. If only she could get out,
she would be safe. But Joe rushed up to her, grabbing her arm and pulling her
back to the altar. He slapped her again and again, then making a fist and
sending his knuckles crashing into her belly.
"Uhhhhhh!"
His fist made Sister Mary Katherine double over and collapse on the floor. She
was half- conscious while Joe did the rest of the work. Where he had gotten the
rope, she didn't know.
The nun saw half-images of his face, the thin-lipped smile as he hauled her up
from the floor and rolled her onto her belly. She felt his hands smoothing over
her flesh, exciting her even while she wallowed in her foggy state.
Shuddering, the young nun realized she was being roped to the crucifix. She felt
rope being looped around her upper chest, cinched tightly, pulling her head
against the feet of Jesus.
Next, Joe took tier legs and pulled them up and apart, stretching them until her
ankles were touching those blessed, blessed hands!
Sister Mary Katherine screamed again as Joe looped the line around her right
ankle, secur- ing the rope with a double figure-eight. He did the same thing to
her other ankle, tightening both so her body wouldn't sag down to the altar.
Shrieking, shamed beyond her wildest imagination, Sister Mary Katherine realized
she had just been crucified upside down! And right against the holy crucifix!
Jerking her body, struggling against the rope, the young nun tried moving her
hands to untie the rope. But Joe was ready for her on that one too. He held her
down while stretching out one arm toward the permanent candle holders on the
altar. Her degradation and night of horror had begun.




CHAINED, TORTURED NUN

CHAPTER TWO

Her arms were stretched out crucifixion style, her body a queer parody of the
original captured in plaster behind her on the cross. She was a big X, her arms
pulled to either side of her body, her wrists secured to the tall brass candle
sticks fastened to the polished white marble.
She could feel the statue rubbing up against her bare ass and her tits rolled
back and pressed against her chin. It was awful, the most awful thing that had
ever happened to her.
And what was worse, what was terribly obscene, was the hot, tight feeling
pulsing through her swollen cunt and the juices oozing from the velvety slit of
her pussy and running maddeningly through the tangled blonde mat of her pussy
hair.
"Yeah, that's real pretty," he said, chuckling as the young nun struggled
against the ropes. "Too bad I don't have a camera!'
"No, no, this is. oh God! Take me down! I'll do anything.
"Like tell me where the money is?"
"I told you, I don't know!" the nun sobbed, tears welling up in her eyes.
''Liar!''
Sister Mary Katherine whimpered and twisted against the bonds pinning her to the
warm cross. Defiled this way and against the cast of Jesus! Joe chuckled,
walking up onto the altar, and smelling her. He was actually vushing his face
into her cunt and then licking his tongue over her pussy!
"Man, this is real hot pussy! Baby, you're like a whore in heat!"
He n'b)'cd hi hs'ndgyer her cunt now nrubhe lips against one another until the
young nun began making soft,-throaty sounds of delight.
"Eaghghghghhghh!"
Then pleasure gave way to agony as Joe clamped his fingers around a handful of
her sparse cunthairs, then yanked hard, tearng out a handle full of the wispy
strands by their throots. The resulting pain made her feel as if someone had
dumped hot lead into her crotch. Sister Mary Katherine yammered for mercy, her
cries banging off the plaster walls of the tall church.
"Ohhhhhhhhh!"
Reaching over, Joe took one of the lit candles from nearby holders, holding it
close to her open and exposed pussy.
"I'd be a real shame to scar you up, baby. Maybe you ain't much of a nun, but
you got lots of possibilities as a woman. No man'd want you though," he said
with a low voice, "if you got a burned cunt."
"No, no, don't. . . oh God, don't - -don't touch me there with that."
Straining her eyes up, the young nun saw the candle, the bright yellow flame
flickering close to her pussy. She struggled against the ropes again, sweat
making her body move easily, sexily, against the rough statue pressing against
her body. She was almost. . . almost - fucking her. To her shame, the feel of
the rock-hard cock that was straining against his loincloth and rubbing up
against her taut, sweaty butt made the nun moan in pleasure. Only the touch of
the flame against her right thigh brought her back to reality.
"Stop, oh God, stop!"
Joe brought the candle betwerer spread thighs and she saw his face, illuminated
in a hellish way by that flickering flame. The heat from that fire was already
reddening her soft, white flesh. If only she could make up something, think of
some lie that would satisfy him. But her mind was blank. All she could do was
watch with rising terror as the fire drew closer to her flesh.
"Uhhhhhh!"
Heat lanced into her cunt like a stinging tongue, touching her clit and making
her pussy muscles harden and contract. Her cuntal walls sIapped wetly against
one another, cinching down on thin air. Hot wax dripped onto her flesh, making
her flesh quiver at the warming touch. More hot wax dribbled over her belly,
running down toward her upended tits before hardening like a cast on her skin.
"Ooooooo!"
Hot drops scalded her nipples, making Sister Mary Katherine jerk her body
against the crucifix and rub her asshole uagainst the groin of the statue. She
was trembling all over now, her flesh on fire, her mind reeling horribly while
Joe kept the candle tilted, watching her body become streaked with the whitish
hot wax.
"No, no, no!"
Joe was too aroused to hear her pleas. His ock tented up the front ofhis Levi's
and his right handd trembled, bringing the fire dangerously close to her cunt He
was waving the candle about an inch from her cunt, making the fire singe some of
her cuntal hairs.
Sister Mary Katherine could hear it, the sound of her cunt hairs burning under
the flame of that awful candle. The smell of it reached her nose, making her
wrinkle up her nose in disgust. She screamed again, jerking her head from side
to side, curling her fmgers and digging her nails into the sweaty palms. Awful!
Awful! This was the most awful thing that had ever happened to her!
"Tell me where the money is!"
"I don't know! How many times do I have to tell you? I don't know!"
The fire was moving toward her cunt once again. As the heat advanced, the nun
twisted and sobbed. It was licking at her cuntlips now, making the outer lips
quiver and fold over one another. Her cunt was swelling horribly, her clit
stiff, unshielded, - throbbbing aganst the surrounding wet flesh.
When Joe fnally brought it up against her cuntal flesh, Sister Mary Katherine
let out another screaming shout, her knees quivering against one another. She
had nearly cum! She had nearly climaxed like that, right in front of him, right
under the nose of God!
"Fuckin' A."
Joe muttered those words, watching as her cuntal juices extinguished the candle.
Sister Mary Katherine heard the hissing and sighed with relief, believing her
ordeal was over. But it had only begun.
Joe moved the candle around so the wick was pressed up against her cunt and she
realized he was going to fuck her with it! Sister Mary Katherine let out another
cry as he tilted the candIe and began slipping it into her cunt.
"No, no! I'm a virgin! Don't do this to me ... not here, not with that!"
But Joe only laughed at her, twisflng the candle around and around., screwing it
into her as if-she were some piece of wood. When her cunt tightened, Joe leaned
forward, licking deep into her pussy, caressing the muscles and clit until her
pussy opened up once more.
"You're. . . uhhh. . . you're tight in there. But you'll loosen up."
"No! No!"
He was doing it! Oh God, he was doing it, inserting that dreadful thing into
her.pussy, pushing the warm waxy stick into her cunt. Her pussy walls began
trembling, the muscles spasming achingly.
"Nooooooo!"
She felt the sliding, the scraping, the touch of that fat candle as it wormed
its way through her cunt, stretching her cuntal walls, plowing through fresh
virgin territory until the pointy, burned end brushed up against her cherry.
Sister Mary Katherine's mouth opened, a rush of air coming out over her front
teeth as she felt that pressure. Joe stopped, grunting with some surprise.
"So, you really are a fuckin' virgin. Should've figured that, I guess. But you
never know."
That said, she felt him gripping the candle more firmly, twisting it harder,
shoving it up against the thin membrane. Sister Mary Katherine screamed, jerking
her body against the cast of Jesus, her flesh tearing as it rubbed hard over the
bony knees and arms of the statue. But she didn't care, she only thought of the
terrible pain exploding in her crotch and racing through her body.
Joe pulled back, then hammered that awful thing down deep into her cunt. Sister
Mary Kathcrtne let out another scream, then fell limp, the world having crashed
over her head in a terrible explosion. He had done it. He had fucked her with
the candle, tearing her cherry with that dreadful tiring! She was limp now,
crucified upside down, her body rubbing sexily against the cast of the Lord.
"Man," Joe exclaimed, rubbing the back of one hand over his mouth. "Sure glad
you're stubborn. I'm havin' the time of my life up here."
He kicked over another vase of flowers, fucking her with the candle, watching as
the young nun groaned and twisted up against that vile intrusion. Then he jammed
the candle down hard until the wicked tip was nearly touching her womb. Sister
Mary Katherine let out another cry, her toes curling until they cramped, the
muscles of her young, violated body pressing up against her glistening flesh.
"I've got a bargain for you, little slut. If you keep still, I won't burn your
cunt any more. But you've gotta stay quiet."
As he spoke, the young nun cried with fear and guilt and lust. Joe was fumbling
with the big brass buckle of his belt, loosening it, then pulling down his
zipper tab. The springing out of his cock, that long ten-inch thing with the fat
purple head, made this bride of Christ let out another gasp.
"Guess you ain't seen much of these in the convent. Maybe the priests have all
got shriveled-up pricks or something, right?"
"Oh God, God in heaven, protect me from this!" she cried.
But no God came to offer protection. Instead the young nun remained upside down,
her hands stretched, her arms aching from the obscene position while Joe gave
the candle a few more twists.
"If you try anything funny, I'll shove that candle in so far you'll never be
able to get it out, you understand, slut?"
To emphasize his point, Joe raised one booted foot, pressing the heel hard
against her chin. Sister Mary Katherine closed her mouth, fearing he would crush
her jawbone with the pressure.
"Yes," she said through clenched teeth, her head spinning from the horror.
"Good. Good nun. Just like a good dog. You sure know when the fuck to give up,"
Joe said, shoving his Levi's down until they gathered around his ankles.
Sister Mary Katherine's eyes rounded as she stared at that long, thickly veined
thing sticking straight out from his crotch. Of course she had seen pictures of
men like that. And she had been warned against the sin of the flesh and she had
felt she was strong. Her vocation was a powerful one.
But now. . . now she was throwing it all away, rutting like a common bitchd dog
in the gutter while this man stroked his thing right there in front of her.
Horror! Horror! And yet something inside her was whispering about all the
undeniably good feelings she could have if only she gave in to the feelings. Was
it Satan? Was Joe the shadowy figure she thought she saw in the church whenever
she went to pray by herself?
Joe squatted down in front of her, his prick even with her lips. She could smell
his crotch, the groin of an aroused male. Her cunt worked on the candle, the
muscles milking against the soft white wax. The candle bobbed, something Joe
didn't miss.
"Oh!"
Reaching down, he squeezed her jaws until they popped open. There was no
gentleness about the man, no subtlety. Instead he pried her open, bellowing like
a bull while leaning forward. She felt that long rubbery hot cock rubbing up
against her nose, then her lips. Looking down, wdening her terror- and disgust,
he inserted his cock head between her lips.
"Good, hot mouth. Man, that's a good, hot mouth. That's what I want! Good head.
And from a fuckin' nun. Yeah, suck that mother all the way in!"
Sister Mary Katherine choked, the saliva gathering up behind his prickhead and
sliding down her throat. He was an awful, awful man, this devil making her take
his prick, forcing her to open her jaws wide while he shoved all those thick
inches of cockmeat into her mouth. She could taste that slimy thing, the salty,
bleachy flavor of his . cum, she thought they called it, washing over her
tongue, making her swallow.
She thought of what would happen to her if she bit him, forcing the stud to take
his prickrod from her mouth. But she was sure he would strike her, ruin her
pussy, maybe even kill her there on the altar.
Surely she would wind up in hell with everything she had done with him in front
of the Lord. Surely she would roast in the deepest pit. No, no, she couldn't die
now. She couldn't let herself perish until she had sought confession. All she
could do was yield to him and later find mercy from God.
With this realization she gave in, surrendering to Joe. His cock filled her
mouth as she relaxed stretching them as wide as she could.
"Come on, baby, don't just lay there like some corpse. Move that tongue, wiggle
it around like the slut your are!"
Sister Mary Katherine heard the horrible words and started moving her tongue.
Slowly at first, wiggling the tip against what felt like a scar just on the
underside of the two bloated cock lobes.
She heard Joe moaning and felt his knees snugging up against her head, rubbing
against her ears. He was caressing the sides of her face, his fingertips
pressing against her skull while he throated her harder.
She nearly sneezed as some of his wiry cockhairs were tickling the insides of
her dilated nostrils!
"Man, oh man, baby, that's. . . that's a real pro! I mean it! Fuck, this nun
glves great head!"
Joe marveled at his find, twisting hips and forcing his prick to rotate around
in her mouth. He looked down, watching her cheeks puff out like those of a
chipmunk as he rodded her throat again.
"Unnfnfnnfnfffff!"
Sister Mary Katherine coughed again, swallowing the spit that had begun to back
up once more around her tonsils. She inhaled sharply through her nose feeling
his cockhead striking the back ofher throat. She knew he was going to cum soon,
some mysterious power told her so. She felt his fucking become jerky, more
spastic while his breathing grew short and heavy.
"Man, oh man, baby, take it - - . go down on that mother and take it!"
His filthy mouth inflamed her more and more. She loved the way he was
grunting,
the way he swore at her while he slapped his hands against her head, against her
thighs. He was beating her, villiying her as she hung upside down, roped to the
crucifix, sucking his cock.
Something else was happening, something that made her groan in shame. Her cuntal
muscles were starting to jerk- nearly as violently as Joe's prick jerked in her
mouth. She felt the candle working around in her cunt, her cunt muscles sucking
in the wicked thing.
Surely the wax would soon melt from her overheated pussy, dripping out of her
cunthole and waxing over her cunt hairs. That thought sent more flashes of
delight sparking through her pussy and the candle bobbed again.
"Go for it, bitch."
Joe again saw the movement and reached up, twisting the prickrod, working it
back and forth, back and forth, in short, jerky, fucking movement.
That was all the reeling nun needed. She cried out, slamming herself hard
against the crucifix, her body going into tremors of need. Joe rarnmed on,
striking the back of her throat. Her teeth scraped sensuously along the full
length of his cockshaft. He could tell by the way her cheeks expanded and
contracted that she was enjoying whatever he did to her.
"Slut! Slut! No wonder guys join the fuckin' priesthood! Man, they got
themselves kept whores!"
Sister Mary Katherine felt her nipples hardening, growing stiff and red while
they flopped against her chin Just a moment more and her pussy would tighten and
explode.
She knew it, just as she knew that Joe was about to piss hot ropes of slimy
sperm in her mouth. She jerked, twisting on her bonds, feeling the ropes cutting
into her wrists and ankles while her sweaty butt rubbed sexily up anddwthe
plaster crotch of Jesus. It was confusing her, making her rut, making her -
"UnnlhfhThhf - - ohhhhhhh!"
A waterfall of lava seemed to pour into her cunt when her clit exploded, sending
hot achey spasms stinging through her cunt.
Joe jammed the candle in hard while he let out piggish grunt.
Sister Mary Katherine felt hot wads of sperm gushing down her throat, the
sourness making her coudh and choke. Twisting, shaking, her belly swelling and
jerking, the young nun clenched her thighs tightly, sucking in more of the
candle.
"Oh man, baby, baby bitch, suck it down, slut! Yeah, take it all in, you
Goddamned little whore! Man, oh man, this is uhhhhh!"
Both rutted atop the altar, their bodies shaking and shuddering together,
rocking against the cross.




CHAINED, TORTURED NUN

CHAPTER THREE

Sister Dominic along with the two other nuns huddled together in the van,
trembled as they waited for the return of Sister Mary Katherine.
Jack pounded the sides of the van at times, startling the sisters into mournful
cries of panic. The young nun drew her fingers together, praying silently as she
thought of what she had seen -Sister Mary Katherine threatened, the look in that
man's eye as he forced her and the others from the chapel.
Sister Dominic, like Sister Mary Katherine, had recently come to the convent and
church. It was their first assignment in what they both hoped would be a long
vocation. They quickly became friends, each helping the other with her
particular problems in dealing with fucking.
That dreadful, horrible word! Men and women together, atop one another, a man
sticking his. . . his thing into a woman so they both might enjoy themselves in
ways foreign to Sister Dominic.
She had never told Sister Mary Katherine just how crude her fantasies had been.
But they were there, exciting dreams that often left her panting in the early
morning hours just before matins. Sitting there crouched in the van like a
refugee, Sister Dominic remembered those dreams. She had always cliinaxed just
as she was awakening, just as reality blended with the twisted images of her
unconscious. But those images were no more bizarre than the things happening to
her and her fellow nuns right now.
Stifling a sob, she moved to one side of the van. Drawing her knees together,
she felt a tickling, burning itch plaguing her cunt. Her pussy was very hot and
moist this evening.
When she moved her hips - even slightly, the smooth surfaces rubbed together and
hot juice seeped out. It was awful, terrible that she should be feeling this for
no apparent reason.
"Ohhhhh!"
A scream! It came from outside the van. The nuns roused themselves, praying in
muffled voices, their hands clasped together.
"Inside, you stupid slut!"
The back door opened and Sister Mary Katherine was pitched in head-first.
Sister Dominic screamed, both hands pressed over her mouth, her eyes wide with
horror. It was obvious the nun had been raped and beaten. There was wax or
something all over her chest and nipples and a fluid was oozing from her mouth.
Sister Dominic shivered, guessing just what Sister Mary Katherine had been
subjected to as the man called Joe raised one foot and kicked the groaning nun
all the way into the van.
"Stop this!" Sister Dominic said, gathering hergroaning friend into her arms.
"Shaddup or you'll be next! Gonna fuck you all, if she don't talk!'
The other nuns screamed at the prospect, gathering up their skirts and scooting
to the back of the vehicle as Joe stood there, hands on the door, leering at
them all. Finally he pulled away, pointing a warning finger at Sister Mary
Katherine.
"You don't talk and you're gonna get more, baby-and bring 'em down with you," he
said, looking at the terrified nuns one more time before slamming the door hard.
"Let's get the fuck outa here. Take 'em 'to the warehouse."
There was more movement in the front, the sound of slamming van doors. Then the
engine roared into life and they lurched down the road. All the nuns braced
themselves and stared at Sister Mary Katherine.
"Oh, Sister, what did they do to you?" Sister Dominic asked, feeling her
breathing become shallow.
She had an idea of what had been done to her friend and she panted in spite of
her desire to keep her emotions under control. But now she felt shakier than
usual, not herself at all.
"They they raped me!" Sister Mary Katherine cried, burying her face and sobbing
half- hysterically in the arms of Sister Dominic. Behind her the violated nun
could hear the others wailing in horror.
"What - - - what happened?"
She was glad the other nuns' cries were loud.
That way they couldn't tell how her voice shivered with emotion. Sister Dominic
was certain the tale would be lurid and she wasn't disappointed.
"He. . . stripped me. And then. - . and then he dragged me down to the altar
where he crucified me upside down and - - -
Her halting words were cut short again by the horrified screams of the other
nuns. Sister Mary Katherine continued when the others calmed, describing Joe's
unholy rape and her final degradation of sucking his cock. When she had finished
her tale, leaving the others breathless, they all realized the van was slowing
down.
"May the Almighty have mercy on our souls," Sister Mary Katherine cried,
gripping her friend's arm. "He told me of some place here, some place where they
performed their unholy games on women. This must be it. Oh, Sisters, we must be
strong!"
When the van stopped the other nuns were terrified into silence. It was oniy
when the back door opened again that they let out a muffled scream in unison.
Both Joe and Jack stood there, looking in the doorway like two figures from hell.
"You, her friend, I guess. It'll be touchin' to have both of you goin' at it.
The others - tie them up and put 'em in the storeroom. They can party with us
later on," Jack said.
Sister Dorninic went with her friend, shielding her from the men's view with her
veil while the others stumbled from the van. The sisters were manacled together,
wrist to wrist, their walls irritating the men.
"Shut the fuck up or I'll nail you all upside down on a fuckin' cross!"
With one whimper they all quieted. They followed Joe through a small green door
while Sister Dominic and Sister Mary Katherine stood quietly by the van.
"Now, you talkin' or do we get real festive?" Jack asked.
"What does he mean?" Sister Dominic asked, drawing close to the naked Sister
Mary Katherine.
"It's something about my brother. I don't know what they're talking about."
Jack snorted out a laugh, sauntering up to Sister Dominic and running one hand
down her veil. She shrank away from his touch, staring wide-eyed at Sister Mary
Katherine. At that point she realized she was about to become a victim just like
her friend.
She clutched her rosary, her fingers sliding over the beads while her heart
pounded wildly. A combination of terror and excitement raced through her, making
her already warmed cunt all that much hotter.
"Take off your clothes . . . just like the slut over here."
"No!"
It was a test of faith. She would defy him as Sister Mary Katherine hadn't.
"Just like your friend, eh?"
Sister Dominic screamed loudly as she received the first of three blows across
the face. She staggered back, her cheeks red from the open-handed slaps. The
stinging blows brought a sharp cry from her as she nearly fell to the ground.
"Stop that! Stop it!"
Sister Mary Katherine tried to restrain Jack. All he did was jab one elbow back,
sending it crashing into her side. The young nun doubled over, gasping for air
as she sank panting to the ground. She could hear more slaps, more cries, then
the sound of material tearing.
When she looked up, she saw Sister Dominic struggling in Jack's arms, her head
thrown back, a wild look in her eyes while her feet scraped and left the ground.
He was lifting her, tearing at her skirts, feeling her up and down through the
loose-fitting black garment. Sister Dominic kept crying out that she was a nun,
that Jack should have respect for people of God.
"The people of God I've met so far have fried off my cock."
Sister Dominic pounded her weak fists against his face, feeling his big, strong
hands pulling at her garment. In a moment she felt the wimple sliding off,
tumbling to the floor with her veil. There were more tearing sounds, until she
saw that she was being stripped naked.
Panicking, the young nun shrieked and twisted like a woman possessed, her naked
tits now rubbing sexily against Jack's chest. His fingers were already snaking
under her panties, feeling up her taut ass, sliding up to her asscrack.
"Now, we get down to business."
He let Sister Dominic go, dropping her to the ground. She flung her arms around
her tits, drawing one knee over the other. He had slid her panties off, throwing
them away so she wouldn't be able to grab them. She sniffled and sobbed, turning
this way and that, unsure of where to run, where to hide. She reddened, feeling
Jack's eyes on her no matter which way she moved. She was naked, naked as the
day she was boni, her body violated by this man's open stare.
"Come here, Sister," Sister Mary Katherine finally said, stretching her arms open.
"The hell she will!" Jack snarled, kicking the other nun hard in the side.
"Ohhhh!"
Sister Dominic fell to the ground again, doubling over as Jack kicked her again 
onto her back. She opened her eyes, seeing him raise one booted foot up to her
face and place the heel down against her left cheek. She could smell something
vile coming from the sole of his boot. He wiped his feet on her, pressing down
so hard she thought he might crush her skull.
"Don't you ever think you can call any shots around here, bitch. This ain't no
convent, so you're gonna have to learn what's what, understand?"
Grabbing both nuns by their hair. he dragged them from the parking lot, away
from the evil van, and into a small, uninteresting building. The women whimpered
and moaned as he pulled them along, but they were helpless to do anything to aid
themselves or each other.
Inside the main room, Jack finally let them go. He walked to a small black
cabinet to the left, opening the battered door and pulling out several lengths
of rope. Sister Mary Katherine shivered, watching him carefully, remembering the
feel of the line against her wrists and ankles when he tied her to the
cross.
He crooked one long finger as a command. With some effort Sister Mary Katherine
rose from the floor, her scalp aching, her faith still unshaken, however. She
began reciting the Lord's Prayer silently, not wishing to shame God any more by
calling out his name in front of this animal.
"Over there - - - by the table."
She obeyed silently, keeping her head down and following him to a work bench
near by. To one side and against the wall a wood ladder stood, fastened to the
cinderblock wall of this small warehouse.
Jack instructed her to put both hands on the workbench, keeping her wrists
together while he bound them with a looping fashion, then secured them to the
edge of the bench.
"Get this leg up," he muttered, bending down and gripping her left ankle.
Sister Mary Katherine let out another yelp,feeling her leg being pulled way out
and up, until her ankle rested on the seventh rung of the ladder. She squawked,
bending over, thrusting her ass out while leaning heavily against the
workbench. Her tits hung down, slapping against one another, the stiff-nippled ends 
enticing Jack.
"Yeah, hot again. The more shit I throw at you, the hotter you become. You're
nothin' but some ruttin' bitch, not no nun."
"No, no, you don't know what you're saying!"
He roped her ankle to the high rung, slapping her- ass several times until long
red marks appeared on her flesh.
Sister Mary Katherine lowered her face in shame as she felt his fingers crawling
up and down her ass, squeezing her flesh until she squealed like a stuck pig.
Panting, laying her head on the corner of the workbench, she prayed that somehow
someone would rescue them and deliver them from these two men. Sister Mary
Katherine still prayed, but she couldn't help but feel that warm, tight stirring
going on in her pussy once again. She was growing excited. Leaning against the
workbench with her leg roped to the ladder, the young nun wondered what else he
would do to her.
Across the room, Sister Dominic had problems of her own. She was terrified for
her safety when Jack, after having roped Sister Mary Katherine, turned his
attention to her. She backed away, shaking her head back and forth, her eyes
darting to the bound Sister Mary Katherine. She shuddered. No, she didn't want
to wind up that way. She was a good nun, a holy woman. She couldn't end up roped
and. . -and raped by this man. Again she pleaded with him, her hands still
modestly covering her tits and cunt.
Jack snarled, knocking her hands away and smiling at her terror.
"Oh, tell him what he wants, Sister. Tell him the truth, anything just to keep
this from happening to me!" she yammered.
Jack looked over one narrow shoulder, seeing his friend Joe entering the room.
"Gimme the Coleman over here. I wanna warm some ass before I fuck."
"Fuck? No. No, oh God, please!" Sister Dominic cried, her face a mask of terror
as she looked from one man to the other.
In a moment she felt Jack's hands on her, leading her roughly across the room.
She looked around, seeing the many frightening-looking instruments hanging on-
the walls. She recognized riding crops and whips and bridles and other things
that looked as if they belonged in a barn or ranch house. He made her stop by
one wall, next to a heavy table. Sister Dominic noticed four heavy rings
dangling both from one side of the table and the wall.
"Oh!"
He took one hand, bringing it up against the table ring and pressing her wrist
against the cold iron. Joe helped him, threading a piece of quarter-inch line
through the loop, then looping it around her wrist, securing it with a
figure-eight knot.
Sister Dominic looked at the rope pressing down into her flesh, leaving a long
red mark in her skin, and whimpered. There would be more, much more. Joe was
pulling her other arm away, forcing it out, pressing her wrist against the
opposite ring in the wall and roping her to that.
"Now the legs."
"No, no, oh! Sister Mary Katherine, they're hurting me!" she cried.
Sister Dominic felt both men sweeping her feet from the warehouse floor. Jack
roped one ankle to the table, Joe the other to the wall. In a moment she felt
herself spreadeagled over the floor, dangling there like some obscene bridge
across the four feet between the wall and table.
Again Jack demanded information from the terrified Sister Mary Katherine and
again the frightened nun denied knowing anythIng. She wanted to protect herself
and her friend from more ravishment but there was nothing she could tell about
her errant brother.
"All right. Let's see if this shakes some info outta you."
Sister Dominic knew she was going to be used and abused in order to get some
kind of information from her friend. The young nun twisted and turned on the
ropes, realizing after some time that every move she made caused her more and
more pain.
"Uhhhhhhh
"Here's the lantern."
"That's all right. Real good. She's gonna fry up real nice with somethin' like
this warmin' her ass," Jack said, playing with child-like fascination with the
small brass key at the base of the lamp.
Sister Mary Katherine let out a wail from the bench, pulling at the ropes when
she saw the flame explode in the glass casing of the lantern.
She remembered the candle, the touch of the flame against her thigh and cunt and
ass. She knew Sister Dominic would experience something like that now as she
hung there over the floor.
"No! No! Oh please, don't burn me," she whimpered.
She cringed, seeing the heffish gleam in his eye as he toyed with the lantern
before getting the proper flame.
As she shuddered, feeling the pull of her body weight against the ropes, Sister
Dominic felt her cuntal muscles start to work. The glands were swelling, sending
juice oozing from her pussyslit to wet down her pussy walls.
"No, no!"
He took the glass away, leaving the flame to flicker and dance all around her.
"One more time," Jack shouted over his shoulder
There was no answer-
"Too bad," Jack muttered, putting the lantern under Sister Dominic's ass. At the
same time Joe kicked off his boots and pulled down his Levi's.
To her horror, she saw his cock standing out hard and long, thick, eight inches
of prick muscle jerking in front of her. Any other time she would have screamed
in fright and shock.
But now she only groaned, blinking then turning her eyes from the obscene sight.
"Think I can fuck 'er now?"
"Wait. Maybe she gives as good head as the other one. I've got plans for her
cunt anyway. Throat 'er if you want."
Throat? Sister Dominic let out a gasp, guessing what that meant and praying to
God silently once more for strength to endure this.




CHAINED, TORTURED NUN

CHAPTER FOUR

Sister Dominic begged Jack and Joe to let her go. She pleaded with Sister Mary
Katherine to tell them whatever they wanted. But nothing seemed to work. They
were enjoying her sprawled like this, her ass hanging down there near the
lantern, her ankles and wrists chafing and reddening from the constant rubbing
of the rope.
Jack bent down, turning the key once more and sending the slender yellow flame
up against her left lower leg. She whimpered, jerking her body, trying to pull
it away from the fire.
"Noooooo!"
Sister Dominic's cries grew more and more high-pitched as the flame lingered on
the same spot. She thought she would faint from the pain, her fingers curling
into her palms while her face blanched from the agony: Jack moved the fire up
toward her ass, the flame licking and teasing along her flesh, burning the fine
hairs from her skin.
Sister Dominic cried out again and again, her body jerking and bouncing as if
someone had touched it with a live electric wire. He was going to burn her ass!
her screams rose, bouncing off the wall. Jack turned the flame down soit was
just hot enough to singe without raising blisters.
Sister Dominic sagged once more against the bonds holding her captive. And then
the fire was back, making her writhe and twist and jerk her hips up to escape
the dreadful licking heat. The flame flickered, like a scalding feather waving
and brushing across her jiggling ass. Her cries turned into strangled gurgles as
the pain ebbed and flowed. He was moving the fire up now, up toward her crotch.
Sister Dominic arched her spine again, her body stiffening, growing rigid as the
flames began licking into her asshole and cunt. Instead of agonizing pain,
however, the young nun felt something else, something far more strange.
"Uhhh-huhhhhhhh!"
Good, it was a good feeling, one that took her breath away as she hung there,
her ass singed and burned by the flame from the lantern. Her clit began to
tingle and itch. The nerves in her cunt raced with the steady licking of the
flame. Her bowels surged, and she fought to knock down the feelings that made
her rut there right in front of them.
"Oh!"
Sister Dominic strained at her bonds. Her body wanted him to touch her tits, her
ass, her cunt. She looked up again ad saw Joe straddling her, his cock ouly
inches from her mouth. She licked her lips, throwing back her head and letting
out a cry of despair while Joe jacked his prickmeat in front of her. She bit her
lip to keep from screaming.
"Right, baby, come on, you're movin' just right," Jack said.
He sat there and watched, his cock getting harder. He got up, unzipping his
pants and pull- ing his cock out. Sister Dominic raised her head once more and
saw two cocks-big, hard, long, ready to be stuck into her.
The young nun thought she was hallucinating for a moment before she realized
it
was all too true. There were two cocks, two fat cocks meant for her. She
squirmed in her bonds, not feeling the rough rope against her flesh any longer
Jack was there between her legs now, pulling her outer cunt labes apart roughly
and strok- ing her cunt with his fingers while Jack jabbed his prickhead up
against her lips.
She turned her head, spitting out the taste that had smeared itself on her lips.
Joe growled, grabbing a fistful of her hair and yanking her head back until she
cried in pain.
"Open up, bitch! Come on and open up and take my cockrod."
He slapped her again, tearing at her hair until she opened her mouth to let out
another shout. It- was then that he jammed three inches of his prickmeat down
her throat, laughing at her, boxing her ears when she tried spitting out his
cock. Sister Dominic squealed, her cheeks puffing out, her eyes rounding as she
breathed roughly through her nose.
Jack, meanwhile, was turning up the flame and moving right between her legs. A
sudden burst of heat turned a -small portion of her ass a brilliant red. Sister
Dominic groaned, jerking once more at the bonds and begging him to stop this madness.
"Sure, sure I will."
Jack swung her Iiips back and forth. As her ass passed over the flame, Sister
Dominic cried out, shrieking as the fire bit deeper.
"Man, she's gonna bite off somethin' if you keep doin' that," Joe warned, still
pulling on her hair and slapping her face.
"If she does, she ain't gonna have no teeth. Knock 'em out if you have to," Jack
said. 
Sister Dominic felt her body being held steadily over the flame now. She felt
the fire licking her ass, going into her shitter and singeing her bowel flesh.
He moved the lantern down a little more and she could smell the burning of her
cunt hairs. Crying out, nearly spitting out the fat cock once more, she screamed
at the top of her lungs.
Jack stuck one finger in her cunt, wriggling it in until he touched her cherry.
He arched his eyebrows in surprise, scraping the thin membrane with his jagged
fingernail.
"Another one."
Sister Dominic moaned, her cunt violated by this man.
He crushed her clit under his thumbnail while holding her ass directly over the
flame, letting the fire pierce her bowels.
The pain was incredible, making the frantic nun nearly faint. Jack moved his
finger back in, feeling the warm, moist walls become wetter as Sister Dominic's
juices flowed.
"She's just as bad as the other one. They're Goddamned Hollywood whores, not
nuns," Jack shouted.
He twisted and cork-screwed his finger, watching her face contort and redden,
her mouth stretched around that big fat prick. Jack made the nun' writhe as the
flame seemed to burn in deeper. She thought it was touching her belly, her cunt
and her ass all at the same time. It was an excruciating delight that made her
dizzy.
Her entire body strained as the flame chewed into her ass. What terrified her
was this need for the pain. She had to have it in her cunt, her asshole, licking
her body. She had thought that the heat would stifle the inferno in her cunt but
now she knew that not even the rapid stroking of Jack's finger could satisfy the
longing building between her legs.
"Man, ohman."
Joe was going wild, his hips humping while his balls swung up against her lower
jaw. Sister Dominic coughed again, tasting the salty flavor of his pre-cum. She
wanted to bite down on that prick that was violating her. But all she could do
was endure this horror, licking that thick, hard, hot thing with her tongue
until it shot out its load.
"Gonna do it. Gonna. . . gonna spray it out!" Joe panted.
Sister Dominic braced herself. She had read enough about intercourse, about the
powerful jets of cum that sprayed from a man. She knew it would gag her,
possibly even drown her if she didn't swallow all his seed. The young nun felt
as if she were crawling on the floor of hell, creeping through slime as Joe
began making loud grunting sounds. And then he pulled his cock from her mouth,
holding the meaty, double-lobed head in one hand while fondling his balls with
the other. She opened her eyes only to be hit with the first of many powerful
wads of cum.
"Nooooo!"
He was shooting his jizz onto her face, hitting her in the eyes, the nose, the
mouth, the forehead, spraying the white, sticky substance into her short hair.
It was awful, filthy! The young nun pulled against her bonds again, curling her
toes until they cramped while she felt the hot wet spray of his jizz on her cheeks.
"Man, oh man, that's somethin'! Real nice!" Joe said, laughing down at her.
"Never shot a nun in the face with my jizz before. Too bad I don't have a
camera
or somethin'. Bet her Mother Superior'd freak if she saw that!"
"Ohhhhh!"
One part of the ordeal over, she shook her head, hating the runny feeling of
the
jizz against her face. Joe climbed over her, pulling his pants back up while
Jack continued moving the fire around her ass.
"Hey, you're through. Turn up the fire. I wanna burn 'er ass."
Joe did as he was told, turning the key until the fire was flattening itself
against Sister Dominic's body. She screamed as her flesh burned under -the
constant fire. Jack loved it, eagerly watching her body bounce and writhe. He
kept her moving, gripping her hips and digging his fingers into the flesh of her
thighs. He began driving the head of his prick into her, stretching her
cuntlips, tunneling in.
"Please, I'm begging you! Don't do this! I'm a nun. I'm a virgin. Don't do
this!" she yammered.
But nothing could deter Jack now. He bore into her, making her arch her back
once again. She threw her head from side to side, her mouth was a scar, a line
of pain while her eyes rolled up into her skull. She was making drowning sounds
now, coughing and choking as more of his prickmeat packed into her tight, hot
cunt.
Sister Dominic was suffering all the pains and torments she thought were
reserved for the damned after death.
"Come on, slut! Come on and take it all, Goddamn you. Yeah, that's it, take it
all!" Jack shouted, driving his prick in a little farther.
Sister Mary Katherine screamed from the workbench, begging him to go easy on her
friend. She remembered her own pain, her own shame, and the terrible feelings of 
her cherry tearing around that candle.
"Nooooo!"
Sister Dominic came back to life, her eyes rolling again, her face contorted.
Jack was touching her cherry, making the membrane bow inward with his cockhead.
He knew what he was doing. His fingers bruised her flesh even more while he bent
his knees and hunkered forward like a dog readying itself to fuck a bitch., The
flame flickered into her shitter once more, singeing the gray/pink, wrinkled
lips. Sister Dominic shouted and screamed, her cries ringing off the walls.
"Uhhh. - - huhhhhhhhhh!"
He was splitting her in two, ripping her in half as if she were tissue. Saliva
bubbled out around the corners of her mouth while Joe's cooling cum rolled down
her cheeks and chin. The pain between her legs became more and more
concentrated, throbbing like some terrible wound, knifing into her brain until
all she could see were brilliant yellow flashes. She thought then that he was
killing her.
"Eaghhghghghhghg!"
He was in, in all the way! The assault had been complete. With one swift,
jabbing blow Jack had violated another nun, tearing away her cherry and leaving
her completely fucked. She lay there stretched out on the rings, her cunt filled
and packed with cockmeat.
Jack shook the sweat from his face, pulling back and making Sister Dominic groan
with agony. She threw her head back, every muscle in her body taut as she
wiggled her hips. As the cock plunged ahead, her ass was reddened by the fire
from the lantern.
Still, there was no stopping the force of her raged lust. Her cunt shrugged up
hard against the driving cock, her clit snapping and sparking while the big man
fucked her into oblivion. Just when she thought the tension would split her clit
like a giant ax, her orgasm erupted, making her scream with hellish delight.
"Come on, you fuckin' slut! You love it! You with all that fuckin' holy shit and
you love gettin' fucked by a man! Admit it!"
"No! No!"
To tell the truth would have been too much. She would rather have died than to
have said it. She screamed instead, drowning out any possible words with shouts
of delight and horror
"Man, gonna shoot! Christ, this bitch's outta control!"
No, he wouldn't hear her satisfaction but she couldn't stop the sawing, whipping
movements of her hips. She couldn't stop the panting, the growls, the sexy flush
across her jiggling tits. The flame flickered still over her ass, adding pain
that furthered her climax. Higher and higher her cum climbed, each spasm harder
and more delightful than the previous one.
She struggled against- herself, clawing and sobbing and weeping while her cunt
came and came and came. The assault ran through her cunt, striking every
nerve-ending. The cock pounded, driving more sensations through her belly,
making her tits swell even more. Sister Dominic knew he was turning her into a
rutting animal. She was becoming what he was-a mindless fucking machine.
"Uhhhhh. - . noooo!"
Still she came, her body almost a blur as it struggled and beat against the
restraining ropes and rings. She jerked her hips, her tits jumping while more
spittle oozed from her mouth. She would surely go mad from this kind of intensity!
"Ohhh!"
And as the fire scarred her asscheeks, she found she loved the searing heat, the
cock, the climactic sensations that tore through her clit. Cock and fire bit her
flesh as her orgasm boiled and she yelped like a frightened puppy. She threw her
head back again, retching from the overwhelming climax. Sister Dominic jerked
her hips rapidly, trying to keep up with his violent assault.
"Man, oh man, she's better'n the other one. Fuckin' bitch! Fuckin' bitch!"
Jack's hips drove forward, burying his prick-meat in her, his jizz shooting out
with the power of a cannon. Sister Dominic could feel it. Oh yes, she could
feel
the cum splattering against her cuntal walls, finally easing and soothing
the
itchy ache raging through her pussymeat.
"Uhhhh. . . huhhhhhhhhh!"
How long this had gone on Sister Dominic didn't know. She let out a long low
moan, her body finally sagging in its bonds. She sucked in deep gulps of air,
feeling as if she were going to die from strangulation. She hung there, the
picture of defeat, cum stains on her face while jizz dribbled from her pussy.
"A fine fuck you are," Jack said, pulling his prick out. "This is only the
start, baby. It's gonna be real fun with the four of us till your little friend
over there tells us what we wanna know."
"Oh Sister, I don't know anything, I swear it!" Sister Mary Katherine cried.
She had knelt there, her body painfully stretched, watching as her friend was
brutalized. She couldn't watch the final scene. She couldn't bear the sight of
Sister Dominic's reddened face, her hips thrashing, her body in full rut while
that animal raped her with his cock. It was a reminder of her own weakness, that
awful sensation of cumming, that marvelous feeling of orgasm.
Joe moved the fire away from the nun's ass, turning off the key. Sister Dominic
let out another gasp as they untied the bonds, letting her fall with a thud to
the floor. There was no help, no hand offered the panting young nun.
When she didn't rise quickly enough, Jack kicked her in the ribs, then across
her ass. She screamed, her flesh sensitive from the burning she had just 
received.
"Then get up, lazy slut."
Sister Dominic scrambled to her feet, desperately trying to fend off Jack's
blows. From behind the green door, she could hear the other nuns wailing, their
screams blending with hers.
"Sisters, no! Don't shout. They'll do the same things to you they've done to
us!" Sister Mary Katherine screamed, tugging at the ropes holding her wrists
together against the side corner of the bench.
The shouting died.
"I need a beer. Let's put these two on ice while we drink a little. It'll give
'em somethin' to talk about. Maybe this one," Jack said, giving a nod in Sister
Mary Katherine's direction,"will finally open up and try to give some info.
You're gonna be real sorry if you don't."
Sister Mary Katherine sobbed, burying her head in her arm. What could she do?
They had raped them, tortured them, and threatened them with more torture. And
still there was nothing she could tell them. Her brother! She pictured him and
felt a pang of rage pierce her heart. How she hated him! How she - - -
"No, no, I can't feel this," she sobbed, trying to ignore the pain stabbing her
ankles and wrists.
It was his fault she was here, she knew, and not to hate him for it was a test
of her faith, a test of all their faiths. Perhaps her brother had done them a
favor, putting them in this situa- tion, forcing them to rethink their religion.
Sister Mary Katherine was certain of hers, in spite of what she had felt during
the awful rape or was she?




CHAINED, TORTURED NUN

CHAPTER FIVE

It was dark, so very dark. Sister Mary Katharine had been removed from the
workbench her cunt having been fingered and fucked by Joe before. Then she had
been dragged, with her friend, and thrown into what she guessed was a small work
room. The men were drinking and at times, when she pressed one ear against the
wooden door, she could hear them laughing about what they had done to the nuns
and what they would do in the future.
At times they would hit the door, rattling the poor nun's brain until she fell
back screaming, holding her head.
She thought hard, trying to remember if her brother had said anything to her
during their last halting conversation. She had wanted him to turn himself over
to the police. She knew he'd been in some kind of trouble, something to do with
laundering money.
"Oh!"
The door flew open, striking her across the forehead. Sister Mary Katherine
stumbled back, holding her face and shielding her eyes from the glare of the
yellowish light overhead. Sister Dominic was huddled in the corner, her face
showing the strain of her cruel rape.
"No, not again! Not again!" she cried out, crawling back against the wall.
"Yeah, again."
Jack grabbed Sister Mary Katherine first, hauling her roughly from the room.
Then he kicked the door shut behind her.
"Don't need both you cats yowling your heads off while we work on one."
"No, no, don't . .
She stumbled, stubbing her toes on the floor. Joe came over with two rawhide
strips, wrapping one of them around her wrists and binding them together once
more. Sister Mary Katherine looked at the leather ruefully, knowing she was once
again going to be forced into bondage. Once more they were going to hurt her,
torment her, degrade her-all for information she did not have.
When Sister Mary Katherine denied once more she had any knowledge of her
brother's money, Jack spat in her face. She was humiliated. The spit dripped
from her nose and into her mouth.
"Lick the dripping spit into your mouth, bitch," Joe slurred, hitting her across
the face with the back of his hand.
The nun groaned, reeling backward. Joe moved around, slapping her asscheeks,
then turning to hit her across the cunt.
"Owwwwwww!" The nun nearly fainted from the pain, her knees growing weak.
"This ain't nothin', baby. You ain't seen what I can do to a fuckin' bitch
when
she don't come across with nothin'."
Sister Mary Katherine groaned again as Joe tightened the thongs until her
fingers turned blue and became icy.
"Over there," he said with a leer on his face.
Jack was grinning hellishly as well. The other nuns were still sobbing in the
larger room to the side. Jack had told them how they had stripped the hapless
women, striking them and raping one before the horrified eyes of the others.
Then the men had told the nuns it was all Sister Mary Katherine's fault. If she
would only talk, they could all get out.
"There!"
Sister Mary Katherine turned the wrong way. Jack stepped on her naked toes with
his boots, nearly breaking them. She stooped over, thinking her feet were being
ripped from her body. The big stud kneed her jaw hard, catching her as she fell
unconscious to the floor.
When she awoke, the nun found she was in a strangely narrow room, a small area
partitioned off, just to the left of the area where the other sisters were being
incarcerated. There were the usual rings in the wooden walls and there were two
narrow wooden benches set end to end. Obeying Joe, who saw she was now awake,
she climbed up to one bench, watching as Jack shoved the other against it tightly.
"This way."
Jack positioned her so that her ass rested on the lower bench while her back
rested on the other. The benches were small and terribly uncomfortable and her
legs and thighs hung over the edges. Her heart began to beat faster, her pulse
quickening.
"Get 'er arms, Joe."
The one stud moved behind her, pulling the nun's hands back behind her and
strapping her wrists to one of the bench's legs. The thongs cut cruelly into the
sore area of her flesh, making her groan and swallow. Testing the strength of
the leather, Sister Mary Katherine found she couldn't raise her shoulders. Her
head moved up with great difficulty. Her immediate field of vision was occupied
by her tits.
"What . . . what's happening here?" she whispered, dreading a response.
Jack did not answer her. He moved around now, pulling a black leather strap
tightly around her small waist. She began kicking against the bench, trying to
kick Joe's hands away from her feet. He swore, striking her thighs hard, finally
imprisoning her feet and holding them against the bench and his body. He pulled
out a pair of leather anklets from beneath the bench, strapping them to her ankles.
"Ohhhhhhh!"
Joe surveyed his prisoner with narrowed eyes, his lips curling into that cruel
smile she had learned to fear. Then he bent down and grabbed her right ankle,
jerking it up and shoving it sideways so the ring on its anklet could be clipped
to the strap from the wall. Her left ankle was moved in the same way so that now
her cunt was spread wide open. She could feel a draft blowing across her pussy
hairs, raising gooseflesh all around her ass.
Now the young sister could understand the narrow room. It was ideal for the
straps that controlled her legs. Joe pulled carefully on the buckles, first one,
then the other, until her legs stood out rigid at almost right angies to her
tightly strapped body. Being slightly raised, her legs now supported most of her
weight.
When Joe removed the lower bench from under Sister Mary Katherine's ass, her
position didn't change. Her ass sagged only slightly, hanging suspended beyond
the rest of the bench to which the young nun was strapped.
"Uhhhh. - not again, not again!"
She thought of Sister Dominic, of the way she had been strapped over the flame
then brutally raped.
4'Oh God, tight! No, no, it's tearing me in half!"
Jack ran his fingers up and down her strained legs and thighs, feeling the
tendons bulging out against the flesh. She shook her head, gasping for relief,
looking first to one wall then the other, as if someone would suddenly come
springing through the wood and save her. Her mind raced wildly. It was vile,
disgusting! She hated them and hated herself nearly as much;
"Man, she oughtta be branded like this," Jack said, nudging his buddy in the
ribs.
"That's for later-if she don't fork over with the info. Right now, I'm gonna be
a nice guy."
"No, no, stop stop this madness!" the nun screamed.
Jack put one foot up against her cunt, working his heel in, then kicking back
until Sister Mary Katherine thought her crotch would explode from the agony. He
laughed, kicking her again, then turning his foot so he could work the boot into
her pussy.
The young woman went wild, arching her back and wallowing her shoulder blades
against the splintery wood of the bench while her ass bounced and jiggled over
the floor.
"Yaghhghghghhghh!"
"You wanna scream, bitch? We'll give you somethin' to moan about."
"No, no, please! I'm sorry, I won't do it again! I swear, I won't!"
Sister Mary Katherine pleaded with the men, jerking her head up, tears streaming
down her face. Her words came out in a blur, sobs choking off the sentence as
she watched Jack disappear from the small room.
"Where's he going?" she asked, her voice reflecting the panic in her mind.
More pain, more agony. Joe amused himself by pinching her, reaching down and
taking her nipples in both hands. He rolled them gently, squeezing them until
she felt the tender flesh being crushed like two hard berries. Sister Mary
Katherine gasped, watching him, seeing his cheeks tremble, the gleam in his eyes
becoming a glow.
"Eaghhghghghgghhhg!"
Once more she snapped her head back, banging it again and again against the wood
as the agonizing pain shot through her tits.
Sister Mary Katherine thought he was going to tear them from her chest! She
panted, she screamed, then panted again. When Jack came back, the young nun was
almost relieved. At least this horror would end.
"Got the generator. Hope you didn't tear those fuckin' nips off. I wanna see her
really get off on this."
Sister Mary Katherine blinked away the hot tears, finding herself staring at a
gray box. Pulling her head back a little, the nun saw that there were all sorts
of black and red wires dangling from the back. She felt sweat breaking out on
her forehead, small rivulets trickling down her upper arms and into her arm
pits. The flesh between her thighs chilled into goosebumps.
She looked open-mouthed at the thing. It was a horrid thing, something she hated
from the moment she first saw it. Squirming on the bench, whimpering like a
small animal, the nun tried pulling away from the wretched generator. It was
going to hurt her. It was going to kill her, if the men weren't too careful. And
there they were, half drunk, their sadism stoked by alcohol. Joe was swearing,
trying to unravel the wires while Jack examined the rusty clamps at the ends of
the black wires.
"Hasn't been used much. But we're sure gonna try to see if it works."
"Nooooo!"
Jack clamped the first two wires to her ears, taking a third and attaching it to
her lower lip. The small teeth bit into her flesh, making her moan slightly.
Next came her nipples, which were still soft from the twisting and pinching Joe
had given them. Jack took two more black wires, opening the new clamps and
lowering them to her tits.
Sister Mary Katherine groaned, closing her eyes while grinding her teeth
together. It was horrid, awful! Those awful teeth were biting into her nipples,
nibbling away at the sore flesh while she writhed and groaned on the bench.
"Man, she's gonna be one hot whore when we get the juice in er.
"Yeah, that last broad kept on cummin' for a long time after we switched her
off!"
Sister Mary Katherine cried out when she felt Jack's fingers spreading her wet
cuntlips apart. Wasn't anything sacred to these animals? She jerked her legs
back and forth, feeling the awful pull of the leather restraints against her
ankles. With some difficulty, Jack finally managed to clamp the wires tightly to
her pussy lips, making sure one of them was only an inch from her stiffening clit.
"Uhhhhhhh!"
The last part of her body to suffer was her asshole. Joe had a long wire for
that. Bending down, he shoved the thing up into her shitter until the woman
screamed for mercy. She felt her bowel muscles moving, twitching, trying to
squeeze down and force the awful thing from her asshole. And those clamps around
her clit! Just the touch of those biting little teeth on the metal jaws sent
ripples of delightful, shameful shivers racing up and down her pussy.
Sister Mary Katherine sobbed, her lower lip distended by the weight of the
clamp. They were going to electrocute her! Lying here, stretched apart by those
dreadful thongs, her ass dangling while the weight of her body tugged at her
shoulderblades and back, the nun waited with panting breath as the men examined
and then re-examined the generator, twisting the dials, checking the wires, then
finally switching the machine on.
"Uhhhhh!
Sister Mary Katherine turned her head, her eyes taking in the two glass-enclosed
volume indicators. The needles were pulsing gently, indicating that no current
was yet flowing through the wires.
Jack patted the machine, then bent down until his mouth was close to hers.
"You can keep this from happenin'," he said, stroking one of the wires.
"You keep asking me to tell you what I don't even knw. Please God's - name, I
don't know anything about my brother!" the sister shouted, hating her brother
more and more as Jack and Joe tortured her.
"Gonna need more convincin'. Hell, even if she tells us, we might keep the bitch
on the wire just for kicks," Jack said, standing up and throwing back his 
shoulders.
Sister Mary Katherine's eyes rounded, her forehead tightening as the flesh
around her thighs crawled with terror. She cried out, whimpering, sobbing pleas
for mercy.
"Here. Bite down on this. I don't want you chokin' on your own fuckin' tongue,"
Jack said, slipping a broad black rubber wedge into her mouth.
Sister Mary Katherine chomped down on the filthy object, her jaws aching from
being pried apart. She trembled, watching those awful needles, waiting for the
first pulse of electricity to come through the wires.
Jack's fingers dallied about the volume knob for an instant, then tightened and
turned the black ridged wheel one notch up.
"Oh!"
Almost instantly the nun felt the first bite of electrical current. It was
almost pleasant, a warming, buzzing kind of pulse stimulating her nipples and 
clit while her lips felt as if they were numbed. The wires attached to her ears
were making her brain feel buzzy and warm and the room around her seemed to be
vibrating.
Jack smiled, watching as her body started pumping up and down. Sister Mary
Katherine felt as if she were about to be fucked, her body being readied for
penetration. Her pussy muscles were cramping and cinching down on thin air, the
heat created by the pulsing current making her cuntal walls buckle in from the
excitement.
She tightened her thighs, rolling them up in a sexy fucking movement, her butt
muscles flexing and relaxing, flexing and relaxing. The wire inside seemed to be
working its way up into her bowels, sputtering against the warm, moist flesh and
making the young nun gasp with pleasure.
"The slut looks like she's having the time of her life," Joe commented, leaning
heavily against the generator.
"Let 'er enjoy this part. She's gonna have other thoughts when we turn the 
fucker up."
With that Jack switched the dial up another notch, watching with a grin as
Sister Mary Katherine's body twisted and jerked more violently.
"Uhhhhhh!"
The itching pulse she had reveled in a moment before had become more intense,
more concentrated, more painful. Sister Mary Katherine let out a muffled cry,
her jaws tightening, her teeth sinking into the rubber gag while sallva gathered
dangerously behind the wedge. Her muscles tightened, the tendons ridging her
thighs and arms while perspiration broke out in small beads of sweat along her
forehead.
Her eyes stared up at the ceiling while her head rattled with the buzz of the
soaring current. She began stiffening her spine, arching it until she was like a
bridge. Pulling and jerking against the leather holding her to the rings in the
wall and table, Sister Mary Katherine began to understand what Jack was doing.
The current would tear her body to pieces in slow, gradual stages. He would
gradually increase the current until the flesh would surely melt from her bones.
The nun struggied, letting out a muffled scream while jerking and twisting
against the bonds.
"Ughghhghhhhh!"
Back down, he turned the knob back down, letting the current resume its gentle
sucking, biting action. Sister Mary Katherine let out a sigh of relief, feeling
her body sag against the leather strips. A bubble of air blew out from her cunt,
almost dislodging the clamp chomped down just below her clit.
"Awkkkkkkk!"
The current went higher, higher than before! The nun screamed, her eyes starting
from her head as a new rush of p6wer blasted into her body and stabbed painfully
in her tits, her cunt, her ass!




CHAINED, TORTURED NUN

CHAPTER SIX

"Now, you wanna talk?"
Sister Mary Katherine blinked her eyes open, feeling as if she had just returned
from another world. The current had knocked her temporarily out and for a moment
the attractive nun thought she had died and was in hell.
Surely, this would be her hell-bound forever to a table like this, tortured by
sadistic demons, her flesh ripped from her body only to be grown again for more
punishment. Her mind reeled at the possibility as she found herself staring in
horror at Jack.
"W-what?"
"I said, do you wanna talk or am I gonna have to fry you again?"
It was these two men, her demons, her own private hell. She wasn't dead after
all. Her brother! Money! The thoughts all troubled together. As her senses
reurned, Sister Mary Katherine once again felt the tug of the wires against her
nipples and cunt. The worming, cold sensation in her shitter reminded the nun of
the piece of metal skewered in her butt.
"No! Oh God, stop this!"
Arching her back, the nun became hysterical, her wailing cries deafening all
those around her. She shook her body against the wires, making the black cords
jiggle against her body. The teeth of those horrible clamps seemed to chew more 
painfully into her flesh than before! Sister Mary Katherine became more and more
irrational.
"Christ, give 'er the juice so we can get some peace!" Joe shouted over the
nun's desperate cries.
From behind another door, the other nuns could be heard calling out, beating
their fists against the wood.
"Now," Jack said, his voice hardening, "we're gonna get rough."
Sister Mary Katherine jerked her head around, her teeth gripping the rubber
wedge as she watched those needles pulsing once again behind the volume
indicator. Jack was fiddling with the power knob and once again the itchy,
warming sensation washed through her body. Sister Mary Katherine squirmed, her
butt hanging down from the bench, her fingers curling back.
Rivulets of perspiration trickled from under her arms, streaking the flesh
around her ribcage while goosepimples erupted around her inner thighs. She was
waiting, waiting for that painful surge of current to pitch her backward into
her own private hell.
Jack twisted the knob up a little more, the electricity making her cunt itch and
her nipples throb. That wire up her ass seemed to be moving again, sliding up
into her shitter as if it were alive! Sister Mary Katherine let out a groan from
behind the wedge, working her ass up, feeling her spine starting to ache from
her awkward position. Jack switched the knob one notch higher.
"Yaghhhfhfhhfffff!"
The woman's eyes bugged out of her head, her forehead wrinkling while her short
hair splashed around the wooden bench. Jack grinned, watching her nostrils
flaring while her pupils dilated from the surge of current.
"You dig this, don'tcha? You ain't gonna tell us where the money is even if you
know. Man, we oughtta put this one ina closet all by herself and not touch 'er.
That'd be a hell for this cunt!"
Joe smirked, spitting into the nun's face.
"She can't take all we throw at 'er for long. She's gonna break down," he said,
switching the dial up a little more while rubbing his crotch. "And when she
does, we're gonna be rich."
Sister Mary Katherine nearly retched, feeling Joe's saliva running down her
cheeks. This suffering and humiliation were beyond endurance! She would have
spit back if she could have, forgetting all about the blessed tenets of the
church. But the wedge and the rushing current tearing the flesh from her bones
kept her from doing it.
"Unfnnfnfnfnnfnfffff!"
Her joints began to ache while the marrow in her bones seemed to cook under this
new onslaught of electricity. Her body was shivering now, tugging crazily at the
bonds, her flesh seething with current as the generator hummed and ground behind
her.
"I don't think we ever had it this high," Joe mused, checking the volume knob.
"We ain't never had a hot pussy like this either," Jack answered, twisting the
dial up two notches and sending Sister Mary Katherine back into her hell.
But this time the nun didn't lose consciousness. She stayed awake, her tits
jumping, her nipples swollen until she thought they would burst. The current was
making her brain rattle around her head like a loose bolt while her teeth ached
down to their roots. Her clit was bursting again and again, her cunt racked with
a series of orgasmic explosions.
But, strangely, none of this was totally satisfying. The current kept her final
cum, her major climax, away. Struggling up against that barrier as if she were
climbing wall, Sister Mary Katherine jerked her hips from side to side, swinging
her thighs as if they were a sifter as she did all she could to bring herself 
off.
"YaghghThhfhThThffffff!"
It was as if hundreds of beasts were stalking about inside her, gnawing at her
flesh, tearing her tendons, ligarnents and muscles from her bones while she
climaxed again and again. The nun bit down on the rubber wedge as if she might
tear it in two, her cries choked behind the saliva that bubbled and boiled in
her throat. She heaved up and down, rolling her hips, her body threatening to
catch fire from the rushing current.
"Mmmfmmfmfmff . . nnnnnoooooojhhhhh!"
Sister Mary Katherine screamed, the searing, dizzying agony making her body
shake. There were times when she thought she could smell her flesh burning. Her
lungs filled with air once more as the woman of God let out another bellow.
Bawling and begging through the gag, Sister Mary Katherine jerked straight, her
back stiffening, her bones feeling brittle, as if they might shatter like glass!
"Man, she can't take much more,' Joe said, scratching his chin.
"She's gonna!"
Jack turned the dial all the way and Sister Mary Katherine was hit with the
force of a crashing jet. She coughed and choked, screaming in between the
gaggling spasms. Her lips were purple, diamonds of spittle standing out on her
lips. The pain inside her was enormous. She was certain she would be nothing
more than a bleeding wreck after the switch had been turned off. Her climax
continued, juice splat- tering her itching thighs. The smell of burned flesh was
an overpowering aphrodisiac.
"Man, she's still goin'!" Jack said.
As she shuddered and jerked violently against her restraints, the young nun
rolled and pitched against the bench. Faintly in the background, through the
buzzing in her head, she could hear the other sisters screaming out in sympathy
to her. But even they didn't matter. She was going to die. Her face was a blur.
Her body writhed and bounced, threatening to rip free of the thongs.
"Yaghghhghghghhfffffff!"
Jack couldn't stand it any longer. He shut down the machine with a rapid
movement of his hand, reaching down and tearing the clamps from her tits, cunt,
lip and face. Sister Mary Katherine continued to jerk about, sobbing, feeling as
if the current were still streaming through her body, cooking her flesh.
"Bitch!
Reaching in, Jack pulled out the gag, tossing it in the corner. Sister Mary
Katherine assailed him suddenly with a torrent of filthy curses, the swearing
interrupted by shouts of her pent-up frustration.
Jack slapped her twice to calm her sobs and tremors erupted in her cunt and
belly. The raging climax that had been unnaturally stroked by the electricity
was calming now, but Sister Mary Katherine was certain this awful man would take
care of hat.
"Get upstairs and get yourself another beer," Jack said with a sharp nod toward
the stairs. "I wanna fuck this number alone."
"Hey, man, partners, remember? Fifty-fifty, and that includes pussy like the 
money."
Jack snarled, looking at Joe sideways. Then he sighed, shrugging and slapping
Sister Mary Katherine once more across the face.
"Okay, man, we both have 'er now. Get the bitch down from there and let's haul
'er over to the chains. Gonna rope and hog-tie the slut then pull them other
cunts in to watch."
Sister Mary Katherine felt the thongs slipping from her ankles and wrists and
she tried calming herself. With the current off, her senses began coming back to
her. The pain that had ripped through her body was gone, leaving her exhausted,
defeated. But these men weren't going to leave her alone. The more she begged
them.for mercy, the more they intended to hurt her.
Jack pulled her along, grabbing her by the shoulders and forcing her down on a
small square rug positioned between two long sets of chains. Joe snapped the dog
collar tightly around her throat, the black leather pressing a little tightly
against her windpipe. Sister Mary Katherine raised her chin, swallowing
tentatively, making sure she could still breath.
"This'll keep 'er in place till we get the frame ready," Jack said, snapping
first one set, then the other on either side of her collar.
The chains were short enough to keep the nun's chin close to the floor. She had
to lean forward, her tits pillowing against her knees, her ass pointed in the
air. While Jack walked toward the door behind which the other nuns wailed, - Joe
began pressing the toe of his boot up against her asshole. When he kicked her
hard, nearly shattering her tail bone, the nun pitched forward, slamming her
forehead against the concrete floor.
"Inside! See what a good nun this little slut is?"
The other nuns came in with the exception of Sister Dominic. Raising her head
just a little from the- floor, Sister Mary Katherine could se the others. They
were naked and the men lined them up along the wall.
"Come on, move it."
The nuns shuffled forward a little more, tears streaking their white cheeks.
They were all young and slim and they all eyed Sister Mary Katherine, half in
shock, half in horror.
"This bitch over here," Jack began, making the young nuns gasp, "knows a helluva
lot. Money. That's all we want. You cunts ain't got any, we know that. But her
brother does. And we think. . . no, we 're fuckin' sure this one knows where it
is. Now, you tell us and they go. If not, your refusal's gonna cost 'em a lot
more."
"I told you . . ." Sister Mary Katherine gave up, tugging at the chains, hearing
them rattle against her head. But it was useless. What could she do?
Jack came back to her, tugging on the chains and jerking her head around,
forcing her this way and that, much to the sobbing horror of her sisters. She
was more ashamed than ever at that point.
"Now, we'll show you what'll happen to each of you if this cunt doesn't come 
through."
Releasing her from the floor chains, Jack jerked her up, pushing her backward.
Sister Mary Katherine could hardly stand. The electricity had sapped her of so
much strength.
"You'll enjoy yourself with this one, bitch!" Jack said, pushing her toward the
double frame device.
Sister Mary Katherine pushed the hair from her eyes. The bottom frame was
elevated slightly, with slim brown leather thongs tied to the corners of the
twin boards. The other nuns began sobbing more loudly as she approached the
device. They prayed as her hands were tied to the corners of the headboard.
"Get 'er feet," Jack growled.
Joe was rough, purposely rubbing the thongs harshly against her flesh until the
nun thought he would cut right through the bone! Clenching her teeth, she
endured the pain of the leather as the big stud secured her legs to the strange
device. Her arms stretched high over her head, the muscles twisted and knotted
against one another as she curled her toes against the wood at the bottom. Her
ass sagged back a little, provoking Jack to slap it twice, the cracking sound
sending the nuns into a chorus of high wails.
"Shut the fuck up or I'll get one of you on this thing!" he snapped.
They quieted immediately, their eyes filled with tears as they watched. Sister
Mary Katherine felt her heart thudding hard now, the blood rushing through her
veins. Something was going to happen to her, something grotesque, and it was
going to happen in front of all these women!
She smiled, turning her head away from the sisters to keep them from seeing her
perverse delight.
The frame moved, her feet rising until her head was lower than her ass. The
other nuns glanced up again, their lips trembling and tears spilling. Sister
Mary Katherine felt the blood rush to her head while her full, plump asscheeks
rubbed against the gnarled wooden footboard. She sighed, feeling the cool wood
against her flesh.
Jack approached her, watching as tiny splinters scratched her ass. The resulting
sensation was so sensual that her asshole winked shut while a tingle raced up
and down her thighs. The sharp pieces of wood were acting like aphrodisiacs now
and she rubbed her body against them, stroking the fire in her cunt. "Uhhh!"
"The little whore can hardly wait,'Jack said laughing as he watched the nun's
gyrations. "She wants a cock . . . that's right, ladies, a cock, something
hanging here right between my legs."
Jack grabbed a fistful of his cockmeat through his Levi's and rubbed it
obscenely against his body. The nuns wailed, covering their eyes in horror.
"Stop it! Stop tormenting them!" Sister Mary Katherine wailed.
"What they're suffering's nothin' compared to what you're gonna get."
She knew he was going to fuck her, she knew it from the way his cock was tenting
up the front of his trousers. There would be pain. There would be degradation.
But in the end, Sister Mary Katherine knew that Jack would stick his prickmeat
into her cunt, his tearing actions finally putting out her fire. Yes, yes, his
violence excited her more-even as her hatred for him grew.
But it soon became apparent he wasn't after her cunt. Reaching down, he unzipped
his Levi's pushing the halves apart then shoving the jeans to his knees. His
fat, thickly veined prick sprang up, jutting out like a spear, the meaty head
purple with blood.
The nuns gasped, some of them frightened to the point of paralysis. Some of the
sisters prayed fervently as Jack reached the frame, bobbing his cock in front of
Sister Mary Katherine's face. The young nun twisted her head away, afraid to
give herself away to the rest of her order. She bobbed her ass up and down, the
movements making her clit spark that much harder.
"Make a show for these sluts. Move around and you might get hurt less later,"
Jack said in a low voice, stroking his cockmeat slowly with one hand.
There was nothing she wouldn't do the nun reallzed, for the sensation of a stiff
hot cock up her cunt. His hands gripped the frame, moving it around until her
legs were up in the air, her hair fanned out against the concrete floor. The
footboard rattled, the frame shaking while the nuns cried out in a single,
high-pitched voice. He was holding her knees, pressing her back until his cock
slid up between the white, round halves of her ass.
In a flash Sister Mary Katherine realized that the stud was going to fuck her in
the ass! She had heard whispered stories about sodomy, the forbidden practice of
anal sex. Those tales had made her shudder with revulsion, marveling that anyone
could practice that abomination. Now there she was, trapped, forced to submit to
this horror! The young nun wailed, thrashing against the frame.
"Good, baby, good, that's just what I want," he muttered, his fingers gripping
her while his prick jabbed blindly against her asscheeks.
The other sisters screamed in sympathy, watching with rounded, tear-stained eyes
as Sister Mary Katherine was about to be fucked in the ass!




CHAINED, TORTURED NUN

CHAPTER SEVEN

"No, not there! God in heaven, don't - . . do that to me there!"
The other nuns' cries joined with hers as she struggled against the leather
thongs holding her prisoner in that upside-down frame. The blood rushed to her
head even more now, making her feel terribly dizzy, while the restraints tugged
cruelly at her wrists.
She knew Jack would ignore her cries and do as he chose. But still the young nun
couldn't help but scream. When he spread her asscheeks apart like the toasted
halves of a loaf of bread, the woman caught her breath, every nerve in her body
alive to his touch.
"Fuckin' bitch's tight!" Jack complained, wedging one finger into her asshole.
Sister Mary Katherine let out a shriek, her eyes rounding, her nostrils flaring
while her belly ballooned forward. She could feel his jagged fingernail
skewering her, sliding up her ass, cutting the smooth, soft lining of her
bowels. The nun shrieked again, jerking wildly at her bonds, as if she could
actually tear them from the wooden frame.
The double frame shook, threatening to knock Jack from his footing. The young
stud slapped her ass with his free hand, jamming in a second finger and twisting
the two of them around to drive his point home. Sister Mary Katherine 5 screams
turned into nothing more than breathy pants, the pain from her violated asshole
paralyzing her voice.
"Then get somethin' in 'er to loosen' up the hole. That's what you do in plumbin'."
Jack grinned, nodding his head up and down. Still keeping two fingers jammed up
her asshole he stooped, fishing around in his back pocket and finally pulling
out a small black-handled switchblade. Pressing a small button to the side, he
watched as a three-inch section of honed steel snapped into place.
"You're gonna open up for me, baby-that or there's gonna be assmeat all over the
place."
"God . God in heaven! Protect me!"
Sister Mary Katherine rolled her eyes down, staring up at the knife Jack was
holding pressed against her right calf. He had twisted it around so the
sharpened end drew a long pink line against her flesh. She flinched, whimpering,
her lips trembling. Terrified, the nun feared that even the slightest unexpected
motion might send the knife through her skin.
The other nuns seemed to understand this as well. They quieted, watching in mute
fascination as Jack began drawing the blade up and down her calves, finally
letting it slide down toward her cuntal mouth.
"She would probably fuck this if she could," Jack said, moving the cold steel
blade around her pussy lips, then finally sliding it over until it was pricking
the soft, swollen flesh of her cunt lips.
Sister Mary Katherine closed her eyes in shame and horror, waiting for the final
thrust, the touch that would mean the end of her cunt.
But Jack wasn't about to end his fun like that. He drew the blade around to her
clit, letting the pointed end touch that tiny sparking finger.
"Eagghhghghghhhh!"
Sister Mary Katherine felt the buzzing, spinning, sparking flashes explode again
and again in her cunt, making her thrash against the frame. It was almost as if
Jack were electrocuting her once more, sending thousands of volts tearing
through her body and making her cum and cum.
"Go for it, bitch! Come on, move that butt, move that pussy and show these sluts
what kinda whore you really are," Jack said, his voice thickening with lust.
She had been taught as a good Catholic nun to respect and love all men, even
those who harmed you. But she was certain that was a vow she couldn't keep with
this man. He had brought her down to this level, this pit of iniquity-and she
was loving the fall.
He finally slipped the blade from her pussy, keeping it in contact with her
flesh. Sister Mary Katherine felt it trailing up her right thigh now, moving
just behind her jutting hipbone and up to her ass.
She bit her lip, chewing down as hard as she could while her face twisted into a
mask of concentration. Her eyelids wrinkled as she tried to picture just what he
was going to do next with the blade.
"Uhhhhhh. . . oh!"
Suddenly the nun stiffened, her niuscles bulging against her flesh while her
fingers and toes curled and cramped. A shocking chill froze the center of her
asshole as the flat of the blade pressed against the hot, puckered flesh around
her shitter. Sister Mary Katherine let out a sharp cry, her knees shaking and
knocking toward one another while her cunt winked shut yet again.
"Ahhhhhhh, oh no, please," she muttered, reciting another prayer as she felt the
razor- sharp sides of the blade rocking back and forth against her ass lips.
Jack was careful how he moved it about, putting pressure on the top part of her
asshole. She arched her back as much as she could, twisting her wrists about in
the leather thongs and feeling she would surely faint either from the terror of
being mutilated or from the rush of blood into her head.
"Yeah, come on, baby. Get fucked with that knife," Jack growled, his cock
jerking up and down.
Sister Mary Katherine cried out, the repeated touch and chill of the knife
sending shockwaves of lewdness through her. She slowly became conscious of tiny
slits on her asshole lips, little cuts Jack purposely made with that blade as he
watched her roll her hips up in subtle fucking movements. He knew what she
wanted and made sure he kept it from her.
Behind him the nuns wailed again. He threw them an angry look then went back to
work. Sister Mary Katherine found a hotter, more intense lust flowing from her
cunt like a river of lava. She fought with herself once again, hoping at least
one time she could overcome this dark force overtaking her.
"Slut! A goddamned whorehouse of sluts," Jack said while the nun's pulse raced.
She opened her eyes and saw that long, fat prick still twitching around her
shitter. How she wanted him to stick it elsewhere, even in front of the sisters!
"No, don't. . . don't. .
"Don't do what? Fuck you with this mother?"
The other nuns gasped at the word, their bodies shuddering while Sister Mary
Katherine hung there in that grotesque fashion.
"Uhhhhh..
Jack moved the knife around to her pussy now, stroking his thick cock all the
while. The young nun felt the blade cutting into her cunt lips, leaving tiny
slits in the swollen flesh. Her cunt juice flowed into the small cuts, creating
a kind of hot, searing pain that was mixed with the thrill of the direct contact 
of knife against pussy.
Sister Mary Katherine writhed, yammering once more for mercy and getting none.
Jack slipped the blade back toward her asshole, cutting another long pink path
along her thighs toward her ass.
Sister Mary Katherine knew she was shaming herself right there in front of the
sisters. She was rutting, her body obviously hungry for that fat red-knobbed
cock jerking in front of her face.
She felt the knife poking around the rim of her asshole, threatening to pierce
the gray/pink flesh holding tight around her asshole. Sister Mary Katherine
jerked her arms against the leather thongs holding her prisoner, trying to raise
her head while complaining loudly. The other nuns joined her cries, begging the
man to let her go.
"She wants it, you fuckin' bitches? You're goddamned blind if you can't see that!"
Still the sisters wailed, putting their hands together and sinking to their
knees while Mary Katherine jerked and twisted in her bonds. She rolled her hips
from side to side, striking the frame with her elbows several times, feeling
those tiny cuts in her pussy blaze like small fires.
Her ass and pussy blazed with heat and stinging pain. Sister Mary Katherine's
nervous sweat trickled into the tiny holes, making them burn and itch.
"Want it, slut? You want to have this cock sawin' through you?"
Sister Mary Katherine shook her head, biting down on her lower lip.
He poked the tip of the knife against her asshole once more, adding pressure. He
was going to carve her up! She felt her asshole muscles tightening then suddenly
growing slack from the terror racing through her body. Jack saw her reaction and
grinned. It was just what he'd wanted.
"Come on you fuckin' bitch pig! Come on and tell 'em how much you wanna get
fucked!" Jack shouted, slapping her ass.
"No, no, not true!"
"Lyin' fuckin' hypocrite!"
He dropped the knife tothe floor, spreading her asscheeks once again, then
diving his face between her buns. Sister Mary Katherine let out a wild yelp, her
body jerking and shuddering in her bonds. The other nuns covered their eyes once
more, shocked at having witnessed something their calling had not prepared them for.
The young nun's jaw slackened as she felt his warm tongue snaking up into her
shitter and wriggling back and forth like a snake. He growled several times,
biting her, sliding his tongue in so far she feared it would come out from her
mouth. Jack was having the time of his life, humiliating her in front of her order
"That's enough, bitch. You're gonna take the whole damned thing now."
"No! No! Don't do it there! Please, oh God in heaven, don't do it there!"
She jerked her head from side to side, tears flowing from her eyes to stain her 
cheeks. Sister Mary Katherine felt sick as Jack moved forward, sliding his prick 
up and down over her ass rack once more. He was gripping the frame, bracing himself 
for the penetration. 
"Nooooooo!" 
He held her buns wide apart, his fat cockhead pressed hard against the wrinkled 
lips of her shitter. Sister Mary Katherine let out large, puffing breaths, her 
chest heaving mightily while her tits flopped against her chin. Thrashing, the nun 
felt the tip of his cock splitting apart the halves of her ass, the pressure sending 
streamers of agony hammering into her brain. 
"Eaghhghghghghghhh!"
Sister Mary Katherine felt the agony of being butt-fucked tear through her body.
That cock was so huge! She was sure she would never be able to take on such a
massive cock in her ass! He had to take it out or surely she would be ruined.
Time and time again the nun tried to voice that fear but each time she opened
her mouth the only thing she could do was scream. Sister Mary Katherine felt her
asshole tighten suddenly, cramping down on the penetrating cock.
Jack slapped her hard, threatening her with the knife once more. He said he
would slice open her shitter if she didn't loosen up.
The nun, terrified at that possibility, closed her eyes and concentrated on
relaxing. She couldn't let him touch her with that blade again, it had already
done enough terrible things to her.
Upside down, tied and bound to this horrid frame, she had felt her cunt get hot
and tight and wet while Jack tormented her with that awful blade!
"Yeah, oh man, man, that's good and tight! Fuck, shoulda done this before," Jack
moaned, closing his eyes and drinking in the feeling of having his cock inside
the nun's asshole.
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!"
The nun gagged, swallowing her spit as best she could in that strange
position.
As he fucked her, her first reaction was to shit. But then she pumped her body
back and forth, feeling her asshole stretching. Jack kept spreading her cheeks
wide apart, driving his prickmeat deeper into her.
"Come on, baby, suck that cock up into your gut," he growled.
This had to be the ultimate degradation. And it was being held in public, right
before the members of her order!
"Come on, go for it! Move that ass right up against my belly."
Jack was hugging her now, feeding the last few inches of his cockmeat into her
asshole while sliding his hands around her thighs. He was toying with her now,
tracing his fingertips alongher pussylips, then movingthem up until they were
right around her clit.
Sister Mary Katherine couldn't control her rutting now. She jerked and twisted,
pumping her hips forward and rolling her thighs up to him in a shameless show of
lust. Jack laughed, pinching her clit and twisting it around until her moans
turned into high-pitched shrilling screams of pain.
"Eaghghhgghghhh!"
He was finger-fucking her once more with one hand while crushing her clit under
a jagged thumbnail. Sister Mary Katherine thought she would faint from the
combination of unspeakable pain and pleasure. She felt her cuntal muscles
twitching, her pussy walls collaps- ing in and snuggling up against the invading
finger. Oh, oh, how she wanted to be fucked! How she wanted a cock in her cunt!
"You all see this? You see how she enjoys having her asshole fucked? Are you all
that way?"
The other nuns wailed, their cries echoing in the large room while their tears
seemed to irritate Joe and Jack.
"You don't shut up and you're all gonna be hangin' from here. You want that?"
Some seemed more daring than others, still sobbing while trying to muffle their
moans behind tightly clamped fingers.
Sister Mary Katherine strained at the leather thongs, feeling the harsh material
chafing her flesh cruelly. Her cunt was spasming, her clit twitching. She was
experienced enough by now to know that she was getting close to climax.
Climax! How odd that was for her to think of something like that. Orgasm, a nun
having an orgasm right there, hanging upside down, a cock up her ass, rutting
there in front of her sister nuns.
Hanging there with a cock in her shitter, Sister Mary Katherine felt her asshole
muscles start to milk his prick. It was wild, incredible! Her nerve-endings
sputtering and standing on end while his thickly veined prick cork-screwed all
the way in.
She could feel the bristly cockhairs tickling her ass lips while his balls
flattened against her rounded ass. Jack held her with both hands now, stroking
her pussy, fucking her with both hands while he let his cock jerk about in her
butt.
"UhhhThThThhfffffff!"
Sister Mary Katherine was being torn apart. She felt her mind exploding while
that awful prick in her ass pulled back. The young nun jerked her butt to one
side, feeling an obscene vacuum sucking at her asshole. She thought he was
yanking out her assguts as the fat prick moved out of her shitter.
"Man, come on, baby, let up! I know you want that cock but I gotta get back a
little to really get up to fucking speed!"
Joe laughed, reaching out and grabbing one of the wailing nuns by the hair and
pulling her from the group. She screamed, throwing her hands around her cunt
while sinking to the floor.
Joe slapped her hard across the face, the force of that blow knocking her flat
on her ass. Before she had time enough to come to, he moved around, raising one  
booted foot and pressing the toe against her cunt. The other nuns screamed, too
terrified to go to her assistance as she writhed and jerked on the floor.
"Man, can't have two of 'em screamin' You'll get your fun later," Jack shouted
over the din.
"Yeah? It better be soon. I'm about to cum in my pants watchin' the two of you
while keepin' these sluts quiet."
Reluctantly Joe moved away from the screaming nun, kicking her several times in
the ass and -finally pushing her with one foot toward the group. The others
gathered her up, protecting her now from view while Sister Mary Katherine was
enduring the forward fuck-thrust of Jack's cock.
"Uhhhhhhhhh!"
He was getting in rhythm now, sliding his prick in and out, in and out in long,
fucking movements. His fingers tightened around her jutting hipbones as he
arched his back for more fucking power. Sister Mary Katherine felt the thongs
cutting through her flesh around her ankles as she hung there, helplessly taking
his prick.
"Oh!"
Jack shot his cockrod in hard this time, seeming to fuck it in deeper than where
the last stroke had gone. The strange fullness inside her was exciting the young
nun no end. She felt her belly sweffing as more and more cockmeat was shoved
into her asshole. In and out. In and out. Sister Mary Katherine thought the lewd
suction in her shitter would drive her mad.
"Man, gonna do it! Yeah, gonna shoot my cum right into this slut's ass!"
The nuns cried out again, watching in horror as Jack's face reddened. His cheeks
puffed out whilehis hips flew back and forth. The ramming length and speed in
her asshole created a hot friction that seemed like gasoline in her butt. The
cunty feeling between her thighs reached a fever pitch and Sister Mary Katherine
grunted with the effort of keeping up with his fuck-strokes.
He was panting heavily above her, fucking her upside down like this. His fingers
gripped her calves while he slapped his belly against her ass. Sister - Mary
Katherine felt him hitting something deep inside her. The kink of her bowel
walls hurt as if a dozen blades were sticking into it. The lining of her asshole
stretched up just in front of his rodding prickmeat. And all the while her cunt
was about to explode-right there in front of the others!
"Uhhhhh!"
Jack let out a grunt, pulled back until his double-lobed cockhead nearly slipped
from her asshole. Then he slammbed it all the way in. She let out a yelping cry,
then felt herself falling down, down a deep, black hole. He was shooting his
jizz into her, the thick, spurting mass of cum burning the lining of her asshole.
Sister Mary Katherine's cunt snapped shut, her ass wringing his cock. She jerked
and convulsed, her body swaying back and forth. Then suddenly her pussy blew to
pieces, her clit curling under the intense heat while her muscles cinched down
again and again on thin air.
She was cumming, climaxing with a vengeance, and there was nothing in her
cunthole to satisfy her with.
"Ahhhhhhhhh!"
"Come on, bitch-slut! Show 'em just how hot you are! Man, she's goin' nuts with
my cock in her butt! You gals fuck 'er with candles or somethin' to get 'er this
good?"
His mocking words stung what was left of her pride as Sister Mary Katherine hung
there, cum oozing from her violated asshole.




CHAINED, TORTURED NUN

CHAPTER EIGHT

It had been a trying night. They had taken her down from the double frame,
laughing at her, hitting her while she tried to cover her shame. The other
sisters were too terrified at the moment, she knew, to pass judgment on her They
shivered against one another, still trying to cover their naked cunts and tits
as Jack ushered Sister Mary Katherine back to the space she shared with Sister
Dominic.
They threw her in like a sack, slamming the door hard behind her. Sister Mary
Katherine fell to the floor, doubling over, hugging her belly while keening
softly to herself. She had acted so vile! She had behaved very badly in front of
the othets and before her God! She felt the hot tears flow as Sister Dominic
slid up to her, putting a comforting arm about her shoulder.
"Oh, Sister, you shouldn't touch me! I've I've betrayed everything I believe in!
Oh God, God, they surely will drive me from the religious life after this," she
moaned, covering her face in horror when she remembered the shameless way she
had let Jack fuck her in front of the others.
Even sitting here, squatting in front of Sister Dominic, Sister Mary Katherine
could feel his cockmeat shoving up into her ass, the knobby cock slipping into
her bowels, stretching the itching, silky lining until the nun felt her clit
splinter and explode into those millions of delicious spasms! How could she even 
think of something like that now, here with Sister Dominic trying to comfort her?
"I understand, Sister. We have to be brave! We have to endure. These awful men
will be punished by God," the other nun said. "But right now we have to stay
alive and keep our faith."
Sister Mary Katherine nearly snorted out a cynical laugh. After all she had been
through, how was she to keep her innocent faith alive? Jack and Joe had stripped
her of her pride, of her belief.
The only thing they had given her in return was fucking-fucking and pain,
combining the two so the young nun was unsure where one left off and the other
began.
Instead of countering Sister Dominic, Sister Mary Katherine instead remained
quiet, thankful for at least some moments of rest before the men worked their
savagery on them once again.
There was movement outside, shuffling, sounds that reminded the young nun of
horror movies. At times she could hear the whimpering groans from the other nuns
locked together in a room on the other side of the wall. But now Sister Mary
Katherine was concerned only for herself. She knew it was selfish.
She drew her hands together and began mouthing one of the many prayers she had
learned as a novice. Halfway through the door swung open, Jack standing
spread-legged in the doorway.
Sister Mary Katherine drew against Sister Dominic, her flesh crawling with
terror as she looked at the thin smile he flashed at them both.
"Come on."
Sister Mary Katherine shook her head, her lower lip trembling.
"No? Then you're gonna tell me where that douchebag of a brother of yours hid
the money? You know, baby," Jack said, folding his thick-muscled arms across his
belly and staring down at her, "you've been a helluva lot of fun. Ol' Joe in
there wants a crack at one of you and I'm probably gonna give it to him just to
keep the bastard quiet."
Jack pushed himself away from the wall, scratching his chin.
"But I'm gettin' pretty fuckin' tired of all this. Yeah, I dig puttin' you
through your paces but I want my bucks! Now, if you don't start talkin', I'm
really gonna get rough," Jack threatened, his voice growing frighteningly dark.
Sister Mary Katherine grabbed him around the knees, pleading.
"Oh God, please, don't you see? If I knew I would've told you by now. Oh, Go d in
heaven, just leave us alone. Tear the church apart if you want! But I swear in
the name of Holy Jesus,
I don't know what my brother did with anything of yours!"
Jack stood there, opening his mouth as if he were about to say something. Then
he thought better of it, shaking his head and drawing the back of one hand over
his lips. His eyes nar- rowed while he shook his head.
"I knew the church wanted bucks. But, man, you're really nuts if you think
holdin' out's gonna get you anywhere."
He grabbed her by the hair once more, jerking the nun roughly away from her
companion.
Sister Mary Katherine felt the strands (?f hair tearing from her scalp, the
agony making her scream and jerk her legs out to either side of her body. She
twisted around, desperately trying to stand up and ease the pulling, tearing
tension around her scalp.
Jack moved around in such a way, however, that always kept her down on the
floor. When she tried stumbling up a third time for balance, he kicked her in
both knees, sending the nun crashing to the floor with a loud wail.
Sister Dominic rose to her feet and rushed forward, begging the big man to let
her friend go.
"Shut up! You want the same treatment?"
His threats failed to stop Sister Dominic. The woman tried pulling him from
Sister Mary Katherine, receiving a sharp blow across the face for her efforts.
She staggered back, falling to the floor with a dull thud.
"Hey, Joe? You want this fuckin' nun so bad? She's yours!" Jack shouted in
anger, jerking his head in the direction of the fallen Sister Dominic.
"No, no, she's good! Don't do anything to her!" Sister Mary Katherine wailed.
Joe rushed in, throwing himself on top of the hapless nun. Sister Mary Katherine
saw Sister Dominic disappear under the big man's body. She could hear the nun's
screams, the resounding sounds of slaps and the woman's resultant cries of pain.
He was saying terrible, wonderful things to her about her body as he began
fucking her.
"She's gonna have her own fun. Don't worry about that bitch. I'd be worried
about myself if I were you," Jack warned, dragging her from the room by her hair.
Sister Mary Katherine dug at the floor with her heels, feeling the room sway
around her. Jack pulled her out with one firm yank, kicking the door shut behind
him and drowning out the sounds of Sister Dominic being brutally fucked.
He threw her across the floor, letting go of her hair and laughing as she banged
her head severely against one supporting concrete column. Sister Mary Katherine
looked up and saw two chains hanging from the top of the pillar. At the end of
each was a rusty iron cuff.
"No don't notthat,"she whispered, drawing away from the pillar.
"You know what's gonna happen already? Probably creamin' in your cunt," Jack
muttered, wrapping one big arm around her belly and hauling her to her feet.
Sister Mary Katherine showed surprising energy. Twisting in his grasp, she
clawed at his face while she tried kneeing the stud in the crotch. Again and
again she shrieked, white blind animal terror knifing through her brain.
Startled by her surprising feistiness, Jack regained control of the situation,
pushing her roughly from him. She fell backward, striking her head against the
pillar. Still flailing her arms in front of her, the nun stumbled to the left,
falling over her feet while howling in horror.
"Slut!"
Stepping quickly behind her, the big man brought down both fists hard behind her
neck, sending the woman crashing forward - and down against the concrete basement floor
Sister Mary Katherine let out a dull groan, feeling the floor giving way under
her. Still hysterical, she managed to jerk herself to her feet, slipping from
Jack's clutching fingers and moving behind the pillar.
Her tits slapped together as she wheeled about, pushing the hair from her eyes,
searching desperately for some path to take to escape the prospective horrdr.
She was an animal now-a panting, terrified animal skittering across the basement
floor, trying to escape the dreadful predator only inches from her.
Jack slammed one hand down against the front of her body just above her tits,
the force making her stagger, her bare soles slipping over the smooth cellar
floor. Everything around her seemed to be flying around her unanchored, striking
her, attacking her. She let out another hellish cry, stretching her arms in
front of her and rushing desperately toward what she guessed was the stairway. 
Jack managed to grab one arm, wheeling her in a circle before letting her go and
sending the woman smashing into the dreaded pillar. Sister Mary Katherine
thought she had split her skull open as she reeled back and collapsed to the
floor.
"Goddamn it, baby, you're one helluva prize," Jack said, panting heavily as he
raised one foot and dropped the heel of his boot against the side of her face.
Sister Mary Katherine groaned, feeling the hard rubber rubbing across the corner
of her mouth. Granules of dirt fell into her throat as she tried pushing the
awful foot from her face.
But Jack kept on the pressure, threatening to crush her skull as if it were an
eggshell. He kept telling her how filthy she was, what a whore she was while he
rubbed his dirty boot over her cheek and lips.
He moved his foot down somewhat, kicking her around so her asscheeks pillowed
against the cold, concrete floor. Now he had the sole of his boot pressing
against her throat, effectively choking the air from her lungs.
Sister Mary Katherine grew frantic, her hands pounding wildly against his
ankles. She tried grasping his Levi's with trembling icy fingers, jerking her
body about the floor, trying to snap her head from the offending foot.
But nothing seemed to dislodge-the boot. The nun's wild efforts were waning as
the oxygen supply to her body was cut off. She felt the room spinning around her
and she then assumed she was about to die. Oh Lord, to die like this, under this
man, forgive me, Sister Mary Katherine prayed silently while Jack kept up the
pressure.
"Don't think I'm gonna let you get away with this whole bit that easy," Jack
growled, pull- ing his foot away from her throat suddenly.
Sister Mary Katherine coughed and gagged, grabbing her throat and turning onto
her side. She curled into a fetal position, drawing her knees up to her tits
while gasping in air. She had nearly died! He had nearly killed her-and all for
her brother's unholy money!
How she hated her brother more and more. The image of his handsome face filled
her with unthinkable rage as she thought of the pain and humiliation both she
and her sisters had been forced to endure. God forgive me for this feeling, she
silently begged, shaking her head as if she could shake the anger from her soul.
"Now, up here, bitch. And don't gimme any more of that screamin' shit. Next time
I won't take my foot off your fuckin' throat so fast."
She was efeated. -Closing her yes, the woman gave in, feeling half-dead as Jack
lifted her like a sack from the floor, leaning her against the pillar. Sister
Mary Katherine did not even groan as the big stud jerked her right hand up, then
snapped the rusty cuff around her wrist. Next came the left arm. The young nun
felt her muscles being stretched as he hauled her up from the floor until her
toes dangled about six inches from the floor. 
"All mine. All mine, and I'll bet you don't tell me the money thing, will you?
In a way," Jack admitted, biting his lower lip in excitement, "I hope you don't."
Sister Mary Katherine heard cries from beyond one of the doors and knew it was
her friend, Sister Dominic being raped and beaten by Jack's partner.
It was a dream, some horrid, awful dream that was being played in her head once
more, just like all those other dreams she had had after watching that dreadful
movie.
But what about the pain in her arms? What about that popping sensations in her
shoulders caused by the weight of her own body? No, this was no dream, no movie.
It was the worst of her fears being played out in real life.
Sister Mary Katherine seemed to come to life once more, looking from side to
side, then rolling her eyes up and staring at the cuffs cutting into her wrists.
Helpless, roped up to the ceiling and held captive. And there was Jack, busy
selecting the instrument with which he would whip her.
"That'll do it!"
Sister Mary Katherine stiffened, her bones chilling as she saw a long black
leather whip dangling from his right hand. She couldn't help herself and a warm
wetness trickled down her right thigh. She was pissing on herself, disgracing
herself in front of this savage while he laughed at her!
"What's the matter, slut? You gotta weak bladder?"
Jack strode up to her, his hands on his hips. The young nun clenched her teeth,
feeling the rough rub of the concrete against her naked ass and back.
The weight of her body was pulling more painfully against the joints in her arm
and elbow as she swung there, feeling so terribly helpless.
"Now, before I go any further, you gonna tell me about your brother?"
"I don't know!" Sister Mary Katherine screamed, wanting to rip his face off.
"Too bad-."
Sister Mary Katherine held her breath, watching Jack standing there n front of
her. He was doing this purposely, waiting, his black eyes dancing in his head,
his nostrils flaring with excitement. She could tell just from this stare he
enjoyed watching women suffer
She saw the muscles in his right arm tensing, his fingers curling into a tight
fist. She tried to ready herself for pain. But when his fist shot forward,
smashing into her belly just below her ribcage Sister Mary Katherine let out a
screech of agony. Never, never had she felt this kind of killing blow in her life!
"Ooooooofffffff!"
Her head snapped back, striking the coJumn while her legs kicked out. Bright
spinning discs of yellow and orange exploded behind her eyes as she gasped
wildly for air. - It felt as if he had bruised several internal organs with that
hard punch. Shaking the hair from her eyes the nun looked up at the big man,
wishing for all she was worth he would be struck down by God at that moment.
"The money," he said calmly, rubbing his knuckles with the fingers of his other
hand.
"I don't - . oh, what's the use?" the nun gasped, tears of frustration and pain 
streaking her flushed cheeks.
"You'll come around. Either that, or you won't walk outta here. . . and that
goes for the rest of 'em as well!"
"Nooo, ahhhhhhh!"
It was Sister Dominic screaming loudly. Sister Mary Katherine could hear Joe's
response then another sharp cry of pain. They would torture them all, beating
them to death. And for what? There was nothing, nothing she could tell them.
"Think about it, cunt."
Jack moved back now, snapping the whip, letting the long, snake-like piece of
leather hiss provocatively throughhe air and crash against the floor.
Sister Mary Katherine held her breath, her eyes rounding as she studied that
terrible instrument of pain. He was flicking it close to her head now, several
of her hairs flying from her skull and being cut off by the black leather whip.
Sister Mary Katherine began muttering, her prayer being interrupted by the
cracking of the whip directly in front of her face. She screamed mindlessly,
thrashing like a wild woman against her bonds, her body beating regularly
against the concrete pillar behind her.
The metal cuffs cut cruelly into her already severely chafed wrists. And all the
while Jack was snapping that whip, driving her half mad with his teasing.
"Eaghghhghghhhhhhh!"
The whip finally found its home, the black leather stinging across her lower
belly. It was as if someone had touched her flesh with a blowtorch. The young
nun jerked her legs up, her body shivering against the chains holding it
prisoner to the ceiling. Her jaw slackened while her eyes popped from her skull.
The woman coughed, choking on her scream as another blow across her face snapped
her head back. Cool air on the inner flesh of her cheek and the slow, heavy
trickle down her face told the nun Jack had scarred her for life. She licked the
blood from the corner of her mouth, trying to ignore the fiery pain that ran
from her ribs to her navel. Having forgotten temporarily all her holy teachings
she spat at him.
"Bastard! May God damn- you and that animal in there for all eternity!" she
shouted, feeling nothing but white-hot hatred course through her veins.
Jack only laughed, doubling his whip and advancing. The nun trembled, wondering
who would win this deadly game.




CHAINED, TORTURED NUN

CHAPTER NINE

"Eaghghhghghghh!"
Jack didn't stop, continually beating the doubled whip against her body. He was 
hitting her lightly now after the first two killing blows, directing the smooth
black leather against her tits. When she tried kicking him in the balls,
however, the young stud became angered and began hitting her in earnest. He
directed the whip across her. left nipple.
"Yaghghghghghghhhh!"
Sister Mary Katherine's throat hurt from the shouting screams exploding from her
mouth. The other nuns must have guessed what was going on. She could hear them
beating their fists against the door, shouting at the man beating her to stop.
"No, Sisters, don't! He'll only drag you out and hurt you," she sobbed, shaking
her head wildly, trying to fight the pain shooting through her body.
"Oh, oh, God, dear sweet Jesus, give me strength! the nun prayed silently, her
lips moving against one another while Jack readied himself for another blow.
"Uhhhhhfffff!"
He smacked the doubled whip against her belly button, making the tight muscles
spasm. She drew her legs up toward her tits, the pain going on and on like a raw
gash with stinging piss poured over it.
Grinding her teeth, she felt that overwhelming hatred for Jack and Joe make her
gasp. She wanted that animal to come close enough for her foot to lash into his
balls. He would hurt her even more, she knew that, but just that moment of
satisfaction knowing she had caused him agony would be worth everything. She
screwed her face into a mask of twisted hurt, slowly regaining control of her
own rioting emotions.
"You've still gotta chance to tell me, baby-while you can still talk."
"Nothing . . . I don't have anything to say, Sister Mary Katherine gasped.
"Too bad."
He slashed the whip across her face.
Sister Mary Katherine's head snapped back again from the stinging face of that
attack. Then another blow smashed across her right tit, leaving a long red mark
down to her nipple. The nun let out another sharp cry, looking down to see if he
had peeled any flesh from her body with that last blow. 
Jack stared up at her, licking his lips. The twisting, tortured body in front of 
him aroused him more and more. He moved closer to Sister Mary Katherine.
"Like I said before, I dig it when you're not tellin' me what you know," he
whispered, rubbing his crotch with one hand as he hefted one tit with the whip
handle. "That means you and me we get to play a little more, you know? And you
dig playin', even though you're a fuckin' nun."
"No, that's not true."
She pushed that thought from her mind, concentrating instead on fighting back.
She moved her right foot experimentally. If he came a little closer, she could
do it.
"Yaghghghhghghh!"
His next move was a surprising one. Stretching out one hand, he grabbed at her
cunt, twisting the hairs and her cuntlips in his fist. The pulling, tearing
sensation blasted through the nun like a knife gutting her belly. She brought
her knees up, throwing back her head, feeling her mind reeling out of control
from the awful pain. She could hear the hairs tearing from her pussy as he
caused her more and more pain.
"No, noooooo!"
Sister Mary Katherine felt herself coming unglued. It was as if he were pulling
the flesh from her very bones! She screamed and yammered, her words becoming
incomprehensible as Jack continued torturing her cunt with that awful hand.
"Uhhhhh!"
It had stopped, only to be followed with more beating from the doubled whip. He
lashed the leather across her face, her lips, her nipples.
The nun struggled, knotting the muscles of her arms, trying to climb the chains
rattling over her head. She felt her fingers going cold and numb as the nerves
became bruised from the cutting cuffs. The shrill power of her cries echoed off
the walls, making the nuns behind the door shout all the more loudly. "Bitch
Jack stopped for a moment, regaining his breath. Again the young- nun felt
herself sagging toward the floor, this time feeling her toes touching the
concrete. Her body had stretched from the ordeal!
"Uhhhhhh!"
Jack lashed at her, drawing the leather whip across her lower belly, then
finally directing the savage blows at her cunt. It was then Sister Mary
Katherine sprang back to life, kicking, yammering, screaming at the young stud
causing her all this pain. Her words were lost in the red rage of her fury.
Jack came up to her, careful to avoid her wildly kicking legs. Pushing the whip
up, he jammed it into her mouth, forcing the leather down her throat, jerking
her jaws widely apart. He laughed, watching her bite the whip, her eyes filled
with hatred while she panted like a cornered beast.
"You hate me, don'tcha, babe? Hate me so much you're tryin' to bite this mother
in half. I like that, baby, especially from a nun."
Throwing back his head and laughing, he shoved the whip down her throat harder,
punching her, clawing at her nipples with his fingers. Sister Mary Katherine
lost her breath twice from hate and pain but something else was happening, the
curse of her body, that deadly whispering she had heard again and again during
her ordeal.
Her cunt was hot, very, very hot, running with juice. Sister Mary Katherine had
felt it starting to itch and tingle the moment Jack had hauled her up to the
ceiling. But now - - . now it was on fire!
The more that whip sliced into her body, piercing her flesh, chafing her skin
while drawing screams of agony from the nun, the more joy and pleasure she felt
sparking in her pussy.
"Uhhhhhh!"
Jack pulled back, his black eyes half-closed from lust. A line of spit trickled
from his lower lip. Grinding his teeth together, he stared at her and began
unbuckling his belt.
"No, not not raped again."
"Fucked, baby, not raped. There's a big difference. You enjoy this crap," Jack
explained, pushing his Levi's down a bit to expose his cock
hairs. "Maybe your friend in there's gettin' raped, but man, you want prickmeat
bad, and any way you can get it."
"No, no, you're filthy, damned! You can't talk that way to me, a a nun!"
His laughter increased. Reaching up, Jack pinched her chin between his thumb and
fore- finger, forcing the woman to look down at him.
"You're no more a nun that some fuckin' whore on Sunset Boulevard. You wanna get
fucked and fucked hard and hot," Jack spat out, searing her very soul. "You like
all this shit and want more. And that's just what I'm gonna give you."
Her tits heaved up and down with the deep, gusting breaths she took. His
shouting drove the truth into her like a spear.
She turned her head from him to one side, watching Jack from the corner of one
eye. Her pride had been shattered.
Jack reached up, sanding her nipples with the smooth black leather. She felt
them, sore and aching, puckering into stiff points. There was no way she could
deny the terrible things he had shouted at her.
"You see? The more I throw at you, the more you want. I can't see you prayin'
anymore, baby. You're one of us now.
Sister Mary Katherine shuddered at the thought of her turning into anything like
Jack and Joe. She tried concentrating on her own bodily pain, anything other
than the pleasure she felt throbbing in her cunt like a festering wound.
Her joints were aching terribly, making her take shallow, panting breaths while
her fingers were growing colder from the cutting pressure of the steel manacles.
The strain on her wrists and shoulders and arms grew worse as she tried to
conceal her cunt from Jack, folding one leg over the other.
"Nothin' to hide, baby. I seen it before, fucked it before, and probably '11
fuck it again."
Sister Mary Katherine's spirits sank. She watched as Jack walked behind her,
tapping the whip lightly against the palm of one hand. She heard him stop and
she could almost see him staring at her ass, her curved back, the swanlike
thrust of her neck. He would beat her there. He would be whipping her ass,
driving the leather instrument of pain into her shitter just as he had driven
his cock up her asshole earlier. God in heven, crush this man and -
"Eaghghhghghghghghhhh!"
The whip came down between her asscheeks,the leather yanking her asshole out of
shape. Again the sudden, hot, stinging pain made her piss on herself.
Sister Mary Katherine let out a scream that drew more shrieks from the nuns
behind the locked door. Another blow, this one crossing her full, plump
asscheeks and leaving a long red welt on both of them. She kicked her body away
from the pillar, feeling herself twisting like a corpse on the gallows. Falling 
back against the column, the nun screamed for mercy even as Jack cocked his arm
back, readying her for another blow.
"Noooo. . . eahghghhghghgh!"
She swayed like a pendulum, her body bouncing against the pillar again and again
as the whip continued smacking dryly against her asscheeks. She kicked out both
legs, twisting around, trying to avoid the whistling whip. Her long hair dangled
to her buttocks as she screamed, her head back, her mouth wide open.
Gurgling, choking on her own spit, the young nun felt the metal cuffs cutting
more into her wrists. Small rivulets of blood flowed down her arms, reaching her
elbows while Jack flogged the whip at the backs of her knees, her thighs, her
asscheeks. She could hear his breath whistling nearly as loudly as the whip
cutting through the air.
"Yaghghghhhhhhh!"
Her butt caught fire. She thought she could feel her skin being cut through
again and again by the cruel leather whip while her ass heated, reddening to
fire-engine scarlet.
"Good, bitch. We'll see just how much longer you're gonna hold out till you make
me and Joe rich," Jack said, again stopping his savagery for the moment.




CHAINED, TORTURED NUN

CHAPTER TEN

Sister Mary Katherine thought the world had exploded all about her and come to
an end. Jack was beating her around the shoulders and back, tearing at her
flesh, making her think there would be nothing left on her bones when he got
through with her. Again and again he shouted the unchanging question, but she
could never answer him, her words turning into shouts of agony and horrific pain.
She jerked and jumped on the chains like a crazy p;uppet, her body torn by the
hot agony of the biting whip. With complete despair the nun let herself dangle,
her head back, her asscheeks opened.
Jack had been waiting for that. With a wide overhead swing he brought the whip
down, ripping the doubled section down on her asscrack and once again tearing at
her asshole.
It felt as if he had shoved the knife once again up her shitter, only this time
actually tearing the bowel lining. Sister Mary Katherine shouted like the
damned, her legs kicking out. Incredible pain numbed her brain, maknig her jerk
convulsively while Jack laughed loudly behind her.
"Come on, slut, come on. You want this so bad, move it around," Jack taunted,
reaching around and grabbing another fistful of her cunt hairs.
His fingers slipped against the juice-slicked labes, making him laugh loudly 
once more.
"So, you don't want this, eh? But, man, you're runnin' with juice every time I
knock the shit outta you! Fuckin' little hypocrite slut. Wonder what the fuck
your damned Pope'd think if he could see you jumpin' around like this, your
pussy hotter 'n' hell?"
"Stop it! Don't don't! I'll tell you anything, but just don't - - hurt me any
more," Sister Mary Katherine panted.
Jack stopped, cocking his head to one side. There was a look of disappointment
on his face as he pushed his face up against hers, staring into her eyes.
"You tellin' the truth, slut?"
Sister Mary Katherine nodded her head weakly up and down. She would lie. She
would do anything to get down from those horrid cuffs that threatened to sever
her hands from her arms. She would have fucked with Satan to stop the terrible
flaying of the whip against her flesh.
"Where is it?"
"The Madonna you were close when I came in and surprised you. The Madonna - -
under the base," she muttered, her head hanging down.
Jack screwed up his face thoughtfully, backing away, then rubbing his crotch.
Throwing down the whip, he stood on a box and unfastened the manacles around her
wrists.
Sister Mary Katherine sagged against him, hoping he would drop her to the floor
and let her go. Instead he threw her roughly to the floor, shoving his Levi's
all the way down and jumping onto her body.
It was happening again. Oh dear God it was happening again. Jack's cock was all
the way out now, battering at her cunt. Sister Mary Katherine felt the rising
throb of her clit as his belly banged against it. The hot friction stung her
sore tissues but the nun didn't care.
She slid from side to side, silently urging the bestial man on. Rolling her hips
around, she knew she looked like the Whore of Babylon whom her elders had told
her about.
Well, let it be, then. She would out-whore even that one. She flexed her ass,
feeling the sensuous heat gathering in her pussy as she swiveled her cunt around
his prick.
"Man, baby, move it, just like that. Fuck it out, you bitch!"
The nun felt him ramming his cock into her. His hands tore at her nipples, then
moved down to the rough, tense muscles of her ass. He picked up her butt bodily,
holding her hips still while ramming his cock harder and harder into her.
"Uhhhhh . . . oh more, more," Sister Mary Katherine cried, the throbbing pulse
in her cunt driving the wind from her lungs yet again.
"Come on, baby, work it out! Pound them hips up yeah, just like that!"
Church, God, obedience, chapel-they all faded- like the morning mist under the
heat of the moment. Sister Mary Katherine was rutting again, throwing her body
about, letting it be speared again and again by that awful cock.
She began to curl her back, shoving her cunt up toward him. The pistoning prick
knocked her womb back and forth and she responded by twisting her hips like a
madwoman, working his cockhead into her cunt. She could feel the tight, hot red
tension rising up her spine like the red in a thermometer. Just a little more 
and the line of heat would blast like a bomb into her brain.
"Ughhhhhh!"
Sister Mary Katherine's mouth was wide open and she dragged in huge amounts of
air while she rammed her hipbones against his. She struggled to bring herself to
climax, knowing that the throbbing prick in her cunt was about to shoot.
Gritting her teeth, she sent all her willpower down into the ring of tightening
muscles around her pussy. She tightened the wet, steaming sleeve of flesh,
milking at his cock. Any second now she would feel a hitch in his bucking
strokes that would be the signal of his climax.
"Ohhhh. . . ahhhhh!"
She felt a gout of sperm blast up into her pussy, setting off the explosion in
her cunt. The nun gasped, feeling his ragged fingernails tearing at her thighs, 
her tits, her belly. Jack was going wild, driving the nun higher. She thought
she would die, feeling the continuing peak of her cum taking everything from her
mind except the body that pinned her to the floor-.
Then finally she felt the hands on her ass unclenching. Her cuntal squeezes
slacked off, tapering as he pulled his cock out of her. The young nun shuddered
and sighed, knowing this would be the end of her ordeal-and of her pleasure.
"That was fuckin' good, baby, the best!"
She felt his cockhead popping out, dragging a long rush of cum with it. Jack
staggered up, pulling his Levi's around his hips and closing his zipper.
"Now we'll go and see if you're tellin' the truth."
Sister Mary Katherine hesitated. The time she had bought for herself would
matter little once Jack got to the church and discovered she had been lying.
Perhaps they would kill them all, then ransack the chapel. She put one hand up
to him, shaking her head.
"I lied. I swear, I don't know anything about any money," she sobbed, putting
the fingers of both hands to her lips and rocking gently back and forth. "I
don't know why you don't believe me, but I swear to you, I don't know anything.
I hate my brother! I hate him! Why should I protect him? Oh, what he's done to
me and my sisters! I had to do something, something to make you stop hurting us.
Please, believe me. I don't know what else to tell you."
Jack stood there, scratching his chin. "Guess you have been tellin' the truth
all along," he said, grinning down at her. "And guess I kinda knew it all the
time. Just wanted to have me some fun with a nun. And baby, you sure turned out
to be one helluva party."
Sister Mary Katherine heard the words and shuddered under them. So, he had all
this just to please himself! She gathered herself up from the floor, staring up
at him, hatred bubbling in her soul.
"You. .--. you put us through all this to - -to enjoy yourself and that's all?"
"Hey, man, this bitch ain't got no spunk no more," Joe said, suddenly
interrupting them.
Sister Mary Katherine turned and watched as Joe dumped the near-lifeless Sister
Dominic at her feet. The young nun groaned, her body scarred with knife wounds,
welts, and various other bruises. She began sobbing uncontrollably the moment
Sister Mary Katherine stroked her cheeks.
"He . . . he raped me!" she cried out wildly. "And then . . . then there was
more. The knife . . . oh God, not the knife again!"
Her legs kicked back, her eyes large and round, her nostrils flared while her
body shivered wildly.
"No, no, sh! It's over, it's over," Sister Mary Katherine said, holding the
woman close to her. "What did you do to her?"
Joe and Jack laughed, standing around the two women.
"Over there. Just a kind of good-bye and a warning not to get crazy and call the
cops or look for -
The men grabbed both nuns, jerking them roughly up from the floor and pushing
them toward the door where the other were held. In front of the doorway was a
drain and it was there that Joe and Jack shoved both nuns down onto their knees.
Sister Dominic was barely to keep from fainting, her terror was so great.
"You in there," Jack said, slapping his hands against the wooden door. "We've
got these two in front. You wanna see what's gonna happen to them?"
There was the sound of shuffling. Sister Mary Katherine could see several pairs
of eyes peering at her through many cracks in the wooden partition.
"Yeah, thought you would fuckin' whores."
"What's goin' on, Jack?" Joe quizzed, watching his buddy unzipping his trousers
again.
Sister Mary Katherine stared up at the man, wondering if he had any strength to
fuck either of them after having so drained himself moments earlier.
"Come on. We're gonna use these cunts for just what they are-a couple of toilets."
Sister Mary Katherine drew closer to Sister Dominic, guessing what these animals
were going to do. She watched with big eyes as both men pulled out their flaccid
cocks, rolling them between their respective thumbs and forefingers.
"No, no, no," Sister Dominic whispered, guessing as well what was about to
happen.
The first few yellow drops of piss appeared at the head of Jack's cock, two of
them dropping onto Sister Dominic's hips. She shivered, her thighs instinctively
shuddering to knock off the offending urine. Then the two hot streams of
stinging piss erupted, bathing the gagging nuns in a fetid aroma of human waste.
Sister Mary Katherine tried putting her hands to her face to protect her mouth 
and was rewarded by a stream of urine in her pussy. She slipped on the floor,
falling against Sister Dominic and knocking them both flat on their asses.
Both men laughed at the struggling nuns, pissing on their tits, their bellies,
their cunts, their faces, the double streams spattering wetly and coating them
with a foul yellow stain.
The nuns tried crawling away from the horrid waste but Joe moved around,
stepping on Sister Mary Katherine's fingers and nearly breaking them. Jack
kicked Sister Dominic in the face, knocking her back to her original position.
The nuns behind the doors screamed once more, shouting and braying their prayers
while the men finished pissing.
"Uhhhhhh!"
"Okay, man, let's get back to the fuckin' church. Her damned brother just
might've put the money in the Madonna like she said.'
"What about them?" Joe asked, flipping his prick back into his Levi's.
"Let 'em figure out what to do. We don't own this place. Bunch of naked nuns
walkin' the streets oughtta get some attention and help. And hey," Jack said,
bending over and grabbing a handful of Sister Mary Katherine's pissstinking
hair, "it was real good to fuck around with you tonight. Maybe we'll get
together some time again and fuck around, huh?"
"In hell," Sister Mary Katherine muttered, pulling away from them.
The men laughed, picking up their belongings and moving quickly from the room.
"They'll come back," Sister Dominic said, her face blank with terror as she
began searching around the floor as if she could find her clothes.
"I doubt it," Sister Mary Katherine said, her voice lifeless and dull.
They had shown her a side of life she had never guessed existed. And now, after
having seen all the brilliant colors, she was being turned back into the dull
grey of the convent.
"They said they didn't own the warehouse."
"But all this . . . it's theirs. They'll be back," Sister Dominic said,
gesturing at the various instruments of torture that had agonized them.
"Perhaps. We had better get our sisters out from the room and leave. Our clothes
must be somewhere here," Sister Mary Katherine said, getting up, ignoring the
throbbing pain in her joints as she freed the other nuns.
They all embraced her, telling her and Sister Dominc just how brave they had
been and how they should leave this place as quickly as possible.
Sister Mary Katherine reluctantly agreed, avoiding the direct stare of Sister
Dominic. Both of them knew what they had been through and what they had felt.
Could either of them pray before the altar again? Could either even pretend to
wear the habit again?
Sister Mary Katherine pushed those questions to one side. There were others.
The police, her brother. Should either be called, threatened, explained to?
Sister Mary Katherine put her hands to her head. Too much, it was just too much
to think of now. There was only escape to ponder and the thought of a long,
sterile, chaste life to follow. Perhaps she would leave the life of the veil
.
"Come, Sister. We should leave," oneof the other nuns whispered.
Yes, leave. Back to the church, hoping Jack and Joe had rummaged enough and
found their filthy lucre. And then?
Sister Mary Katherine closed her eyes and lowered her head as someone handed
her a large blanket to drape herself with. Only God knew the answer to that.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





