BDSM Library - Second Meeting




Second Meeting
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A sub's second meeting with her Dom. She wanted to be broken, to scream, to beg and to cry...
SECOND MEETING




SECOND MEETING

    I was bored so very bored with my life. Till I met HIM. The one that set 
me free, the one that let me be me. Who took away all my decisions except 
one. The decision to give myself to him. The first time we were alone 
together he was very sweet loving and considerate making sure I wanted him to 
continue, making sure I remembered my safe word. It was wonderful, the most 
freeing and erotic experience I had ever had .... Up to that point. But being 
me the head strong willful woman that I am, I wanted to be broken. I wanted 
to scream and cry and beg him to stop and I wanted to mean it. I wanted to 
need to use my safe word, to feel that fear in the pit of my stomach. I loved 
the way when I was scared or humiliated, the jolt of adrenaline I felt in my 
heart shooting down my stomach and ending at that spot between my legs. The 
flight or fright syndrome. 
    We had been meeting every few weeks. If it had been up to me I would have 
seen him more frequently, but his denying me was part of the humiliation. 
Usually I am the one to blow off guys, not that he was blowing me off, but it 
always kept me wondering what his intentions were. Besides I liked it when he 
used me. I liked feeling his hands on me and inside of me, I longed for him 
during the time I was not with him, and it kept me hungry. And boy was I 
hungry the next time we met. 
    We usually met at a bar by me, had a few beers and the went to a hotel. 
This time I was to meet him at the hotel. He gave me several instructions 
like he usually does. I always wore something sexy under my clothes this time 
he told me to bring an extra set and my vibrator, can't forget that. He 
usually brought his own toy bag this huge duffel bag, that really freaked me 
out the first time I saw it. I was to arrive at the room at a certain time. I 
was told that he would leave certain items on the bed and I was to undress 
and place the items as they should be. When I began to question him he 
shushed me and told me not to question him, that I always questioned him and 
he would teach me not to.
    I got to the room exactly when I was told to. He was not there. I figured 
he was probably at the hotel bar have a cocktail. When I looked at the bed I 
saw that he in fact had been here and that he did leave some items on the bed 
for me. There was the play collar, much thicker and heavier than the dainty 
collar I wore around my neck. Then there were the leather wrist cuffs and 
ankle cuffs all with the little padlocks for them, of course there were no 
keys. He had all the keys. I removed my blouse and my pants leaving only my 
white bra and panties set with matching garters and stockings, I pulled  my 
stilettos out of the duffel bag I had brought with me. Then I removed the 
collar he had given me our previous time together, substituting it with the 
heavier one and locking it at my throat. I then commenced to placing the 
wrist and ankle cuffs on securing the locks. I got up and took out the 
candles I had brought with me and then I dimmed the lights. I saw on the 
table he had laid out some of his toys. Catching my eye more than anything 
was the flogger. I shivered in anticipation of him cracking that across my 
waiting ass. There was also a blind fold on the bed where the cuffs had been. 
So I took it, went to the center of the room facing the door and I kneeled 
how he had instructed me to. Then I placed on my blind fold to await him. 
    It was mere seconds before I heard a key in the door, I heard the door 
open and someone enter and close the door behind them. What if it's not him I 
thought to my self. I raised my hands to my blind fold ready to remove it. I 
felt both of my wrists being grabbed roughly and removing them from the blind 
fold. "I'm sorry Sir" I gasped "I just wanted to make sure it was you" 
    "Is that how you greet me? By disobeying me? " He asked. "How about I 
take your pretty little ass and put you out in the hall until you learn?" I 
swallowed heavily and while still kneeling I lowered my head to the floor 
feeling for his boots and placed a kiss on each. He was frightening me a 
little, usually he was not this crass with me.I felt him move away and began 
to lift my body up to kneel upright, when I felt a boot on the back of my 
neck "Did I tell you to get up?" "No" I whined. "No what?" He shouted at me. 
"No Master" I quietly answered him.
    "I do enjoy you Jennifer, but you need to learn discipline, you have 
none." I heard him walk over to the table. "I want you to take your blind 
fold off, and come over here." I quickly sat up and removed the blind fold. 
Then I attempted to get to my feet, when he pounced. He had picked up the 
leash. He grabbed me by the back of the neck forcing me back to my knees and 
attached the leash to my collar. "Did I tell you to get off your knees slut?" 
I was really beginning to get scared he had never treated me this mean 
before. I swallowed back my tears and said "Sir you told me to come to you." 
"Yes" he hissed in my ear " but you are to crawl like the slut that you are" 
and then he tugged on the leash half walking half dragging me to the table 
with his toys.
    Usually I like it when he spanks me even when he flogs me, but I wasn't 
so sure this time. There were even times when I would be extra naughty just 
so he would flog me but I figured I'd better start talking my way out of this 
one. As soon as I opened my to protest he yanked on my leash and yelled "Shut 
up, of I'll gag you and we both know how much you don't like that." And it 
was true I hated the ball gag, I felt it  didn't look attractive. Now that I 
look back I should have been more concerned about my ass rather than how good 
I looked.
    "You need to learn your place, and I think that is where we will start 
today. Choose your punishment" He commanded. I looked at the table there was 
a paddle, a cane, a flogger, and a crop. Usually he was very gentle with me 
and worked his way into the more sever things but I saw today would be much 
different. It was like I was with someone else, yet I still trusted him. I 
knew he wouldn't really hurt me , would he?  "I told you to chose and since 
you didnt........"
"The flogger Sir" I immediately spoke up, having never been caned and hearing 
stories of it I figured the flog was going to hurt less. "Up on the bed slut, 
I want you to take the flogger lie on your back and show me how much you love 
that." I jumped on the bed and looked at him not knowing what he wanted 
"Sir?" "I want you to make love to it" He whispered. 
    I laid on my back and began to slide it on my body. I arched my back at 
stuck my breasts out gliding it over my nipples which were very hard and 
erect. Then I slid it down my stomach very slowly enjoying the way it felt. 
When I got to the tops of my thighs I opened my legs and began to play with 
my clit with the handle. My pussy was very wet at this point. He leaned down 
and told me to fuck it. I looked at him like he was nuts my pussy is very 
tight and being we had just started I had yet to loosen up. "Do it" he warned 
 "or I will". I began applying more pressure to my clit hoping to get myself 
even wetter and to be able to fit the handle inside of myself. With my 
fingers I found my opening, it felt so tight and tiny yet it was slippery 
wet. I pressed the handle of the flogger into me. Fraction by fraction it 
went inside my waiting pussy. I had only fit less than two inches inside me 
and I knew I couldn't  fit it any deeper not yet at least. He took the 
flogger from me and told me to get on my knees. "I'm going to spank you with 
it twenty times I want you to count them out loud and thank me after each 
one." I got on all fours and felt the first one  holy shit did that 
hurt, I couldn't help myself I just about jumped off the bed. "I can see I 
have to restrain you to keep that little ass in place. That's an additional 
five more because I have to go to the trouble little girl." He went and got 
the spreader bar and attached it to my ankle cuffs. From the hook in the 
center he attached a rope and secured it to the bottom of the bed. Then he 
clipped my wrists together and attached them also to the top of the bed. I 
was able to move but not able to go any where. "Now lets begin shall we? And 
remember what I told you."
     "Thank you Master"  "Two thank you Master" by the time he 
got to 15 I was beginning to cry. At that point he came up on the bed with me 
and began to rub my sore behind, I felt him place kisses where the strikes 
had stung the worst. Then I felt him stick two fingers deep inside me. When 
he pulled his fingers from me they were dripping with my juices. It hurt like 
hell but it felt so good too. I wanted him to stop but I hoped he wouldn't. 
Then when I began to relax a little  "thank you Master" I cried. On 
the 20th strike I could barely stand anymore "Please stop.....please Master 
I'll be good I promise, please no more. I can't take it" I began to beg him. 
"Do you remember your safe word?" He asked "Yes" I whimpered "Then use it if 
you need to, if not then shut up and let me finish." I knew I could have said 
the word red and he would have stopped right then and there but I didn't want 
him to stop. I even could have said the word yellow and he would have eased 
up, but did I want him to? No I did not. I wanted him to hurt me to make me 
beg and cry.  "20......21 Thank...Thank  you Master" I stuttered. The 
last four he made very quick and not as hard. I think he read me that I was 
almost at my limit. When he stopped he undid my restraints leaving the cuffs 
but undoing the ropes.I collapsed onto my stomach exhausted from the pain. I 
felt him running kisses up and down my back. I arched my self up  into him. 
When he got to my lower back I raised my red sore ass up in the air to him. 
And he began massaging the redness getting the blood flowing back there 
again. This is the man that I knew the soft gentle one, commanding yet 
loving. I felt him wedge his knees between my thighs so that my legs were 
spread wide. Then I felt his fingers applying pressure to my clit. I felt his 
hardness between my ass cheeks. I was terrified that he would force himself 
into my unknown ass. Part of me hoped he would. He began fingering my 
dripping pussy slowly at first but building up speed playing me like a 
guitar. I was panting now arching my back and meeting his fingers on the in 
stroke. "What?" He teased. "Oh Master!" I groaned. "What, what do you 
want?"He teased some more. "Please." I said "Please let me cum." "Let who 
come?" He chided. I was getting very frustrated and was at the edge I knew I 
couldn't hold myself and I knew he would be angry if I came with out his 
permission. "Master please.....please let your slut come." As I said it I 
arched my ass up into him. "CUM NOW!" He ordered and I did. It felt like I 
came and came onto his fingers. I felt him moving my juices up ward so to 
make me wet in that area I knew he wanted but had yet to ever take from me. 
""Master please ....no don't" I felt him place the tip of his cock at the 
opening to my ass. "Do I hear your safe word?" And when I didn't respond he 
took his cock and slid it into my pussy. I was shocked by the violation but 
it felt so good. I began to buck back into him. "Stay still" he ordered. Then 
he slowly slid his cock in and out of me. I felt his fingers at my ass. 
Probing the tight opening. I was scared and I knew it would hurt, but I 
didn't want to tell him no. I had given myself to him and if thats what he 
wanted then he would have it. He managed to slide two of his fingers inside 
my ass and once I allowed myself to relax it began to feel good I could feel 
his cock sliding in and out in motion with his fingers deep in my ass. Then I 
felt him pull his cock out of my dripping pussy. I reached back with my hands 
to spread myself for him. I felt him place the head of his cock to the 
opening of my ass and he began to slowly slide it into me. I was crying real 
tears by now, sobbing almost because it hurt so bad., but I knew it was 
something he wanted so that made it a little better. That and that the pain 
felt so good. I was experiencing the pain yet above it moreso feeling his 
warm body on mine.  His cock violated my ass deeper and deeper. I began to 
gasp and whine and he stopped but he didn't pull it out. He just stopped the 
pressure for a minute. I felt him kiss my neck lovingly "are you OK pet?" He 
whispered. "Yes Master" I groaned. "Good" then I felt him bite me on my 
shoulder and slide himself into me up to the hilt of his cock. When he was 
completely inside of me I began to relax some more. He slowly slid his cock 
back out almost all the way, and then slowly forward again. I began to enjoy 
the feeling of him inside me and began to work up into the rhythm that he was 
creating. Then I Heard a noise it was my vibrator. He slid it into my pussy 
as deep as it would go. Once again I gasped, I had never had both of my 
orifices filled before at the same time and it felt strange at first but then 
I began to rock back onto him. He then began to really fuck me hard. He stuck 
the vibe deep inside of me and left it there while he concentrated on fucked 
my ass. He gave me a few smacks on my ass while he was slamming inside of me. 
He was working me up into a frenzy at this point. He grabbed me by the leash 
and began pulling me onto his thrusting cock. It felt as if he was getting 
thicker and longer inside of me. Then while he was pulling my leash fucking 
me deep in the ass with a vibrator deep inside  my pussy, he leaned forward 
and told me to cum. He only had to say it once because it was like a dam had 
burst between my legs. I came, hard, soaking his balls and the whole time I 
felt him plunging into me. I heard him begin to moan that made me come even 
more. He began slamming into me, in and out harder and deeper with each 
thrust. Then I grabbed me by my hips and impaled me with his cock. Then he 
pulled out and began cumming all over my ass. I felt his hot cum dripping 
down between my cheeks and hitting where he had just been. He kneeled behind 
me milking his cock until every drop was out. I collapsed forward and he laid 
next to me kissing and nuzzling me. When I caught my breath I went to the 
bathroom and cleaned up bringing a wet rag to clean myself off of him. We 
laid there and shared a cigarette. Him holding me tightly in his arms. 
    After some time had passed, he told me to get dressed and go pick him up 
a pack of cigarettes from across the street. I quickly pulled myself together 
and went to the store to go get some cigarettes. When I got back to the room 
I tried the door and it was open. I let myself in but as I was closing the 
door I felt an arm come out from behind it and closed over my mouth cutting 
of the scream that was at my lips. I knew it was him yet he wouldn't let me 
see him. He placed the blindfold on my eyes. Then he put the ball gag in my 
mouth. I began to struggle with him but he grabbed me by the back of my hair 
and pushed me up against the wall. He grabbed my arm behind my back and 
putting it together with my other connected the wrist cuffs that I had left 
on under my clothes. Then he grabbed me and threw me on the bed. I bounced 
and went still, beginning to get frightened. Even though I knew it was him, 
not being able to see him or speak to him made it feel as if it wasn't. I 
felt his weight on the bed then I felt him straddled on top of me. I heard a 
click and then I felt something hard cold and steel on my cheek. "Do you know 
what this is?" He whispered. I was too scared to shake my head so I made a 
sound in my throat. "It's a very, very sharp knife." I couldn't see it but I 
believed him and I did feel the cold sharpens of something.Then I felt a tug 
on my blouse at the front. He must have slipped it between the button because 
as he tugged I heard them pop off and felt the air on my open breast.When he 
had sliced the front open all the way he ripped it completely off of me. All 
I could do was lie there fearful that he might cut me. Yes I knew it was him 
but he had been acting differently the whole afternoon.Then I felt him open 
my pants and tug them off roughly. I was now laying there in my bra and 
panties. I felt the blade of the knife come up between my breasts to the 
front of my bra. With one pull he slit it in half just letting it lay there 
on my arms torn and ripped. My breasts sprung open not having my bra to 
support me. I could feel my nipples harden and he brought his mouth down to 
them kissing and sucking them. He nibbled and bit on them. It hurt but it 
felt wonderful I could feel myself getting wet through my panties. As if he 
read my mind, I felt the tip of the blade slide between my exposed breasts 
and go down my stomach. Then I felt it over my panties on my mound. "Spread 
your legs" he said huskily. I complied. I felt the knife against my clit. 
Flicking it through the material of my thong underware.I felt the blade go 
further down, he took the thin material of the thong with the blade and with 
one quick flick he sliced it. Then I was totally exposed to the blade. I felt 
him breathing heavy. I could feel his breath on my thighs. His mouth getting 
closer and closer. Something cold and hard entered me. I prayed that he had 
turned the knife around and was using the handle and not the blade. Even so I 
new my pussy was glistening and that he could see how aroused I was. "I can 
smell you" he whispered. That just made me moan with desire for him.Then I 
felt the knife handle going deeper into me, and I felt his breath closer, and 
closer. He placed his mouth at the top of my mound while he fucked me with 
the knife handle. I felt his toung glide over my clit and I would have came 
if I wasn't so terrified of disobeying him. He began flicking my clit with 
his toung stopping and blowing on it. All I could do was lie there and moan 
staying very still for the small chance that it was not the handle inside me 
but the blade. He began sucking on me harder as he but the knife in deeper. 
Then I felt him remove the knife and plunge his fingers into me as he kept 
his mouth on me.He leaned up and kissed me deeply on my mouth I tasted myself 
on him. He began fingering me faster and deeper. I was gasping under his 
lips. "Please...." I moaned "Please Sir..... Let me cum ....let your slut 
cum...please Sir I'll do anything...just let me cum." Then while still 
kissing me he told me to cum. I began bucking onto his fingers helping him 
fuck me hard and deep. Then my body began spasming onto him, I slowed my 
rocking due mostly to exhaustion. I felt him get off the bed. Then I felt a 
tug at my neck. He had sat in the chair. I positioned myself on my knees in 
front of him. "Take out my cock" I lifted my hands still connected together " 
No" he said "Use your mouth....only" He took my blind fold off. I used my 
lips and teeth to open his belt and  pull his boxers down to free his cock. 
It sprang forward when I released it.I kissed his stomach swirling my toung 
and licking him every where my mouth went. Then I leaned down and began 
licking his hanging balls. Kissing and sucking them. Taking one at a time in 
my mouth and pulling on it gently.Then I licked the base of his root all 
around it. Sucking his hardness into my mouth and applying pressure up the 
side to the tip. I leaned down and licked the top tasting what had excaped. I 
ran my toung over the tip and under the head of it.making circles, first hard 
than barely there teasing him with my toung. I could tell he was getting a 
bit impatient but I didn't care. Still licking him softly he slid his fingers 
into my hair and forced himself into my mouth. I began licking and slurping 
his cock. Sliding it deeper and deeper into my mouth.I wrapped my lips 
tightly around him and slid them down as far as I could go, almost to the 
base, but he wanted more. Pushing himself into my mouth completely. I began 
to gag, I couldn't breath He eased up on the depth that he was in my throat 
and began pumping into my mouth, fucking my face. He took over with the 
rhythm I merely stayed still keeping my lips tightly around his cock slurping 
it. Then I began to help him. I slid my lips up and down  taking him further 
and deeper into my throat faster and harder he pounded into me. Really 
fucking my face hard. I could feel my lips were sore and swollen from his 
brute force. I slid him in and out going up and down a little further a 
little faster. He sucked in his breath and began to pump even faster. I slid 
my hands up his thighs and began to play with his balls. I felt them tighten. 
He was actually getting longer in my throat. I didn't know how much more I 
could take when I first felt his cock throb. Then I felt him shoot to the 
back of my throat. I stayed still catching all of him in my throat. Then with 
a big gulp I swallowed my Masters seed, swallowing every bit of it. He pulled 
me up onto his lap and hugged me tightly kissing my neck. We spent more time 
together but I think I'll save that story for another time 
                                                        -April Dec/2000




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  April


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





