BDSM Library - Home Alone




Home Alone
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman is surprised by an unwelcome visitor.
HOME ALONE




HOME ALONE

It was a Friday night and I was home alone. Recently my roommate had moved 
out and  I was still getting used to having the house to myself. You told me 
that you were going out so I settled myself down in front of the T.V for 
another boring night ahead. 
The room was dim except for the computer screen and several candles which I 
had lit. My dog began to scratch at the door to go out. I opened the back 
door to let her out as she ran outside I stood there in the open doorway 
allowing the cold winter night to cause goose bumps. After about a minute I 
whistled for my dog and shut the door behind her. I went to go lay down with 
a book for a little while. I must have dozed off. I awoke with the very 
strange feeling that I was not alone. I tried to wrack my brain to see if I 
remembered to lock the back door which I frequently forget to do.
    I laid there for a minute terrified to move. Then I laughed out load 
trying to make myself feel better. "You've just being silly " I told myself. 
I got up out of bed, I was wearing an antique white strapless nightgown. I 
rubbed my upper arms trying to warm myself .... I was soooo cold! I walked 
into the living room and stopped dead in my tracks. The back door was wide 
open!!!!!! I quickly closed it and just as I had I felt and arm come over my 
mouth. I then felt hot breath in my ear. "If you scream then I'll have to gag 
you." I just swallowed heavily as I felt him tie a scarf around my eyes. When 
he had my eyes covered he roughly tied my hands behind my back. " Your a very 
bad girl for leaving your door open " he hissed in my ear. "I think I'm going 
to have to teach you a lesson" His voice seemed very familiar to me that 
being the only thing keeping me from fainting out of fright. "Please " I 
begged  "I'll do what you want just don't hurt me." "Oh , I know you will" he 
grabbed my and led me into the room. Then he forced me to kneel before him. I 
wasn't wearing any panties I usually don't when I go to sleep, so when I 
kneeled down my gown hiked to my waste exposing me to him. Then I felt the 
tip of a blade at my ear "Your very pretty and I'd hate to hate to ruin that" 
I felt the knife slide down my neck , over my collar bone to the strap off my 
night gown. With a flick of his wrist he cut that in two. Then the other. The 
I felt him rip it off completely and I was there naked kneeling before him, 
hoping he would keep his word and not hurt me .....too badly anyway. He 
slipped his hand between my leggs and felt that I was dripping wet. I didn't 
know why myself but I could feel the dampness between my thighs. "Mmmmmm yeah 
your getting off on this aren't you ......you little slut , you want me to 
fuck you and do nasty things to you with my knife don't you" I could feel my 
whole body blush with embarrassment. "Nice shade of red" he commented "but 
not red enough for my taste" Then he made me put my head to the floor and 
stay like that for what seemed like hours but was mere minutes.  I was there 
kneeling naked with my forehead to the floor and my ass presented to him in 
the air. I felt his hands on my ass. Caressing me, fondling me 
....then... I felt his hand slap down on my ass.   many 
more items , I lost count. I lay there on the floor attempting to block his 
hands but it was useless my hands were tied behind my back. Then I felt him 
slide a finger into my wetness. I gasped shocked at how good it felt 
following such a spanking. He began to move his fingers in and out of me and 
my hips moved to meet his fingers on the in stroke.  He smacked my 
much hurting ass whole he kept his fingers inside me "You may NOT enjoy this 
...... If you cum your going to be very sorry little girl." For some reason 
that just made me buck up into him more . It was maddening, I had no control 
of my body. Every time I thought I had gained some control back  his 
hand came down on my ass. Finally I felt him remove his fingers. I could 
smell my arousal maybe because my eyes were blind folded, I hoped he did not 
as well. Then I felt his fingers at my lips forcing them into my mouth making 
me clean myself off of them. "I think your going to suck my cock" he growled 
at me. Trying to put let him think he didn't intimidate me I sarcastically 
said "Oh yeah? You think so huh? Well anything that goes in my mouth I'm 
warning you ..... I'm going to bite it off, chew it up and swallow it." And 
then I tried to put forth my most convincing grin. I heard him laugh out 
loud, thinking I had gotten myself out of being forced to give him a blow job 
I took a deep breath and slowly let it out. He grabbed me by the back 
of the head, yanking me by my hair onto my back. Then I felt the knife at my 
throat. He began moving it down my body slowly maddeningly slow, until he 
came to my breasts. Placing the knife underneath my right breast I heard him 
say "I'll make you a deal bitch, you don't bite me and maybe I'll let you 
keep both your tits. OK??" I swallowed hard "you made your point....please 
stop ...don't cut me please I'll be good, please stop." "Please stop what?" 
He asked.
    I didn't know what he wanted or expected me to say so I just stayed 
quiet. "Please stop Sir.....that is what you are to call me." "Please 
stop.....Sir" I reluctantly repeated. "Very good" he said. "And while we are 
having this discussion let me tell you some of my other rules." "While I am 
visiting you , you purpose your ONLY purpose is to please me, the only reason 
why I am not slitting your throat is so you can please me. If I give you an 
order you say yes Sir, thank you Sir. If I tell you to jump you ask how high, 
and then you say thank you Sir for telling me to jump. GET THE PICTURE?" It 
finally dawned on me that maybe just maybe I would live to see another day if 
I did what this psycho wanted. Well it could have been a lot worse I guess, 
just the thought of this man having control of me and my body infuriated me, 
but also at the same time ...... It really turned me on.
    "Now lets try this again....Slut......thats you dear.....suck my cock"  I 
gulped in a breath of air "OK" "BEEP WRONG ANSWER" he was toying with me. 
"Yes sir....thank you Sir" I whispered. "I can't hear you" He yelled into my 
ear "YES SIR thank you sir" I said much louder this time. He must have 
removed himself from his pants.  He grabbed me by the back of my head again 
and yanked me back to a kneeling position. He stood up and said  "Open it up 
my little slut Daddy's home" I reluctantly opened my mouth and felt the tip 
of his cock at my lips. The first thing that ran through my mind was bite 
him. He must sensed this because the knife was at my throat as he pushed his 
cock into my opening throat before him.His cock slid across onto toung 
gliding across the saliva from my watering mouth. I took it into my throat 
deeper and deeper. Clenching my lips tighter toward the base of his root. 
Feeling him harden within my mouth. I slid my mouth back up to the top. 
Slowly , softly .....at first up and down a few times. Then I quickened my 
speed beginning to go a little faster then a little harder. I think the heat 
and moistness of my mouth began to really to him. He slid his hands to my 
head grabbed my and began pumping into my face. Sliding his hips him and out 
really beginning to fuck my face.
    Then he stopped. He pulled his cock from inside my throat and stopped. I 
felt him reach behind me and untie my hands, the take the cover from my eyes 
, then he leaned down and whispered in my ear "Don't you dare look at me or 
I'm going to cut you" I moved my lips trying to talk ..... But I was scared . 
I was terrified and I felt the fear. The fear shooting from my chest to my 
stomach, straight down between my legs to my clit. I swear at this moment , 
if I was a man I would have had a raging hard on. " What does my slut say?" 
Somehow I found my voice and said  "yes Sir" 
    "Good now go get me a beer and come back in here and sit down ..... And 
remember....Don't look at my face "  He hissed into my hear. "Now go " and he 
smacked me in the ass not hard but jokingly. I got up from my knees and ran 
to the kitchen to get him a beer, rubbing to rope burns as I did. I came back 
in with the beer and I didn't dare look at his face. He took the beer from me 
and sat down on the love seat. "Sit" he commanded. I sat, but on the couch 
across from him. We sat there like that for a few minutes while drank his 
beer. The minutes ticking like hours then he placed his beer on the table got 
up came across to the sofa where I sat trying to cover my nakedness. He 
reached out and took both my wrists in one of his ands and put them over my 
head and  mashed his  lips onto mine. I tried to struggle , but every time I 
got my wrists away He would just grab them again.He began grinding himself 
into my pelvis. I could feel his cock still hard from me sucking his dick. He 
wedged his knee between my thighs and made me spread my thighs wide. With his 
other hand he reached down between my legs and shoved two fingers inside of 
me. I couldn't help it but I began to grinds my pussy onto him, clenching my 
muscles tightly trying to impale myself onto his hand. Then he took his 
fingers out and put them to my left nipple tracing them with the wetness from 
my vagina. I gasped and arched my back into him making my breasts rise up to 
him, and then grinded my hips into his hardness. Then he thrust his hand to 
his belt buckle, undid it and removed his cock. I felt it poking out rigid on 
my leg. And then I looked at him. I looked him right in the eye. And I knew , 
I knew who it was. It was you. And I just gave you that look that I usually 
give you when I want you to really fuck me hard . Thank cum fuck me if you  
can look. You grabbed me bent me over the edge of the couch , and bit my 
neck. I felt you work you cock into my tightness. When you found it that 
small warm soft spot that was hungry for you. You slid your cock into me and 
commenced to giving me the fucking of my life. =) Hope you enjoyed!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  April


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





