BDSM Library - Rebecca: A novice nun arrives at her new convent




Rebecca: A novice nun arrives at her new convent
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Initiating the new novice, at the convent. This time everything seemed all different from what you expected.
Rebecca: A novice nun arrives at her new convent
by scarlett_poppy




Rebecca: A novice nun arrives at her new convent
by scarlett_poppy

The convent was a dark depressing looking place, and Rebecca was a new novice,
having just finished schooling at St Josephs Convent School and having made the
difficult choice to choose the life of a bride of Christ.

Her family had said their farewells and her mother had cried but not as much ads
her father.

Although she was enthusiastic, she was still a little concerned about what was
to come.

The sister that greeted her was a stern type, maybe 45 years old she was brusque
and slightly intimidating. She showed Rebecca where to leave her things, and
told her Sister Imelda would see her shortly.

Rebecca waited outside the study, and she felt more nervous than she ever had
done at school waiting for exams.

She had heard lots of scary stories about new novices, but her friends had been
trying to scare her, and she dismissed them.

"Come in sister"!  A voice called, it felt strange to Rebecca to be addressed by
her new title, she opened the thick oak panelled dor and stepped into the study.

It was a light and airy, room, and to her surprise there was a beautiful view
out across a lawn, the sun shone in, strongly this late summer afternoon,
catching the dust in its beams. The rooms was more like an office than a study,
with a table for a typist and books and records lining the walls

Seated at the desk was a startling woman of no more than 40 with soft blue eyes,
and delicate mouth with a kindly smile.

"Come in and sit down dear, would you like some tea? I am Sister Imelda, and I
run the place, mother superior is presently in Rome and will not return for some
weeks".

Rebecca sat and accepted a cup of rather milky tea.

Well dear u look a little worried, you have no reason to be I hope you will be
happy here.

"We are a very friendly order", she smiled, and her blue eyes glinted

Rebecca relaxed a little, " so dear have you been shown your room"?

"No Sister Imelda"

"Oh dear well at the moment we have terrible problems, the convent is very short
of funds, and I think that you will be asked to share, a cell since we have damp
in so many rooms. Is that all right "?

"Yes Sister Imelda"

"One second dear...

Sister Imelda picked up the phone and pressed a button

"Hello.... Sister Agnes where are you planning on putting, our new novice Sister
Rebecca? Oh I see nowhere at all? Oh dear...well in that case... Leave it to me
i will sort it out...." and she put down the phone

"Well Rebecca I am sorry it seems the room we had for you has become unusable,
and we are literally full. Every room has doubled up there is no where for
you..."

"Oh dear" Rebecca, whispered

"Oh never mind dear you will share with me, my room is too big for me anyway,
you may fetch your things and I will show you where you will be sleeping"

Sister Imelda led her out, and up a large carved wooden staircase, and along a
long corridor, at the very end was an another smaller spiral staircase up to a
door.

"In here dear" she smiled

The door creaked, and they stepped inside a large bright airy room with bay
window and a fine view across the gardens.

Put your things on the bed dear, We will unpack after mass and when you have 
eaten, I suppose you are hungry after your long journey

Rebecca looked around there was only one bed, a large double four poster with
soft white linen curtains, and she thought, not what I expected at all...!


Later In the evening

Later than evening Rebecca had finished her meal and attended her first mass,
and the day had been tiring, she felt very ready for sleep, and she trudged up
the two staircases to the bedroom, she did wonder where exactly was the spare
bed, for had not seen another, but imagined that some arrangement had been made.

She knocked and upon being called, entered.

"Come in dear"!

It was Sister Imelda calling her,

When she looked, the room had seemed to become different, now lit only but
candles it was dark and hard to see the decorations, there was definitely still
only one bed though.

"Come in dear, I am afraid you will have to share with me, the spare bed I was
going to have brought up for you has a broken spring, but I am suer we will both
sleep soundly, I suppose you are tired after your hard journey"?

"Yes I am sister"

As she undressed for bed, Rebecca felt Imelda watching her

And she felt more than a little uncomfortable as she removed her simple under
clothes

"That's right dear you get into bed I will join you shortly"

With that Imelda left through a second door in the far wall. Sleep soon came
over Rebecca.


The Initiation

 And she fell into a deep dream; it involved being held tightly by her wrists
over a deep drop. It was getting frightening and she woke with a start, for a
second she didn't know where she was and her head spun trying to make sense of
it all she moved to mop her brow and to sit up but found she couldn't, something
was holding her back, mystified and a little scared she again tried tom sit up,
it was then she realised her arms were bound, and so too were her legs, infect
she was pinned tightly down, she gasped and between her blurry eyes she saw the
room was dimly lit by a few beeswax candles, she strained but couldn't move,
turning her head she could see the bed was empty , no sign of Sister Imelda at
all

And in the gloom she thought she could see dim figures.

"Don't try to struggle dear, you are not going to be harmed" came a voice, it
was Imelda "if you struggle you may hurt your self, and that would never do"

Rebecca focussed her eyes to the sound, there she saw Sister Imelda at the foot
of the bed, but dressed so strangely..............She wore a black leather
corset, long black silky shiny stockings held up on suspenders, the tight shiny
corset showed off her ample breasts, and her hair far from being cropped short
as was her own, was instead long blonde and flowing.

Behind her was other figures, some three or four other nuns, dressed In a
variety of shiny blacks, and reds, some in leather others in latex and plasticcy
material that glinted in the gloomy light.

 Imelda spoke, " As you can see we are a very different type of convent to the
one you expected, we only train very special novices for special work".

With that Imelda pulled back the bedsheets, with a sharp tug. Beneath Rebecca
had been stripped of her cotton nightgown and dressed in what she could only
describe as the clothes of a slut, a tight fitting shiny plastic pvc bodice,
black stockings, long high heeled boots, ut no knickers.  She was also chained
hand and feet, bound in some sort of manacles.

"I think sisters it is time to begin the initiation "!

Two of the latex bound nuns stepped forward and climbed onto the bed, one smiled
at Rebecca, 2 don't worry you will enjoy it"! She whispered, and the two of them
proceeded to Lower their heads to Rebecca's body, and stared kissing her exposed
skin, string at her breasts, coving her in soft feminie kisses, wetting her
nipples, and moving down towards her groin. They proceeded further down, kissing
Rebecca where no one had ever kissed her, not that anyone had ver kissed her at
all, apart from affectionate family pecks on the cheek...well there was that
time ...at school, with Mary form her class but that was just Mary playing games
or so she though at the time.

Now the two nuns moved closer licking and kissing her on the soft ginger fluff
between her legs, one of them flicked her tongue and parted her vaginal lips,
Rebecca gasped, she was scared and even the electric feel of the two nuns
kissing could not take away that.  But as she lay there helpless she began to
feel warm and slightly tingly, the attention of the two, was beginning to have a
strange effect on her, and she felt a growing wetness between her legs, her
nerves were going and the close attention she was getting was actually starting
to feel good, she let out a sigh.

" Enough sisters, I think our new novice is beginning to enjoy things", Imelda
now wave her hand at a another nun and the strangest thing happened the bed fell
away under Rebecca and began to rotate, the bed was actually moving, and she
felt herself being turned, so she now still bound faced the assemble group, she
looked at Imelda closely now and from her groin she could see a huge phallus,
strapped to her waist by a thick leather harness, on the other end she could see
it disappeared inside her, in a mirror of the outside the thing was actually
inside Imelda , she had the thing inserted into her  pussy!

At a signal, the nuns gathered around Rebecca, and Imelda stepped up to her

"Now novice you are going to experience the second part of your initiation"

Imelda manoeuvred herself in front of Rebecca and with a grunt, pushed her hips
towards her and the phallus penetrated the young novice, sliding into her far
easier than Rebecca could believe for by now she was indeed quite wet and
slippery. As she was penetrated the other nuns gathered closer and some of them
began to touch, fondle and feel.

One clamped her lips around Rebecca's nipple, another kissed her mouth, and
another positioned herself behind Imelda and licked and kissed her smooth ass,
tightly gripped by the strap on dildo.

As Imelda pushed on inside her, Rebecca felt her resistance falling away and she
felt pulses of pleasure throughout her whole body, her nipples hardened and felt
electrified as they were sucked and fondled, her mouth responded to the kisses
and she pushed her own tongue into that of the nun kissing her.

The thrusting began to get faster and the huge dildo pushed deeper and faster
inside her, she gasped for breath, and felt waves of pleasure with each thrust.
She felt her whole bodytremble and quiver, as she responded now with enthusiasm,
thrashing her tongue in another's, straining to move her hips in unison to
Imelda's thrust. She felt she sweat on her brow, and a growing pulsing inside
her, on the verge of orgasm she felt Imelda grasp her nipples and tweak them
with a final quick thrust Rebecca felt a huge orgasm surge through her body, she
shook and quivered her knees wobbled and only the bondage straps and chains her
in place, she felt herself scream out...

"Arggghhhhhhhhhhhyeeeeeeeeeessssssssss", and all her energy drained from her. 
Imelda pulled out from her glistening pussy, and through half closed eyes,
Rebecca could see the nuns were now embracing each other, kissing each other and
caressing.

Imelda released Rebecca from her bondage and took her hand gently, you have done
well my dear now, u have learned, you may choose a sister, to pleasure, and show
us what you are capable of, still gathering her strength Rebecca, smiled, looked
around and selected a pretty young sister with dark green eyes, auburn locks of
silky hair. " Sister shall we " smiled Rebecca?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  scarlett_poppy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





