BDSM Library - A Weekend Away




A Weekend Away
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A slave is instructed to meet her Master at a weekend hideway for a weekend of serving.
A Weekend Away




A Weekend Away

She slowly walks up the path to the hideway her Master has obtained for the
weekend. She is anticipating this weekend with a tinge of apprehension and
despair.  She thinks back to all the things she had done in the past months to
displease her Master.  She reaches the door and she finds the following note:

 My slave - 

 I leave you these following instructions. You are to have them complete
 and in your position before I arrive.  If I arrive and you have failed this
 task your punishment will be one you have never felt before.

 You are to obtain a basin of warm water, 2 towels, a new razor, lube,
 your butt plug, your nipple and clit clamps, 4 clothes pins, a blindfold,
 4 pieces of rope and your gag.

 You should take these items back to the last door on the left. There you
 will find a table, a stool and a swing.  You are to position the items on
 the table, place the stool in front of the swing and place all the above
 mentioned items on the table for my easy access. You should then
 shower and then return and position yourself on the swing allowing for
 your Master to have easy access to his pussy, his nipples and his
 asshole.

She hurries inside and quickly goes to her toy bag and retrieves her lube, butt
plug, nipple and clit clamps, clothes pins, blindfold, rope and gag.  She sees
her favorite vibrating dildo in her bag and toys with the idea of putting that
on the table in hopes that he will use it on her, but she quickly comes to her
senses and decides she best not go one inch outside his orders.  She then
hurries to the kitchen and finds a large bowl. She takes the bowl and goes to
the bathroom and retrieves the towels, she leaves the bowl thinking that after
she showers she will fill the bowl with warm water, so it will still be warm
when Master arrives.  She goes to her overnight back and retrieves the razor. 
She takes the items and enters the room as he had instructed her to do.

Upon entering the room, she looks around and in the center of the room she sees
a swing swaying freely in the center of the room.  She remembered back to
another time her Master had her strapped into the swing and she feels the
wetness growing between her legs.  She remembered how her Master caressed and
teased her as she laid there helplessly strapped to the swing. She remembered
him fucking her with her favorite vibrating dildo as he leaned over and
whispered in her ear how she belonged to him, and to only him, and how he
enjoyed using his slave over and over and over.  She remembered how her body
trembled as she wanted to cum but he wouldn't allow it just yet. She remembered
his teasing and taunting and his rolling her nipples between his fingers.  She
remembered how her body trembled and shook as her screamed and came when her
Master finally allowed her to please him by her cumming.

She suddenly snapped back to the present and realized that her time was
becomming short and if she did not hurry she would be feeling her Master's rath
rather than his tenderness.  She quickly placed the items neatly on the table. 
She then returned to the bathroom and began to shower. 

She took the washcloth and rubbed the soap in it until it was nice and soapy. 
She then began with her arms and washed slowly and gently. She then began to
wash her breast, paying special attention to her nipples, pinching them and
playing with them.  She then washed her stomach and worked her way down to her
crotch.  She began to clean the outside of her swollen lips, she moaned each
time the wash cloth brushed against her clit.   Her clit was standing out nicely
begging to be touched and carressed.  She eased her hand down to her clit and
slowly begain rubbing it. She moaned as she leaned back against the shower wall. 
She slowly slid one finger inside her pussy, then another and yet a third.  She
slowly began fucking herself. She quickly came back to reality when she heard
the car door slam.  She quickly filled the bowl with warm water and towled off
quickly and ran to the room.  She positioned herself in the swing awaiting the
arrival of her Master.

He enters the room and approaches her. He comes over and gives her a long
passionate kiss and reaches down and slides his finger into her wet pussy.  He
whispers in her ear "I see my slut is already wet".  She replies "Yes Sir".  He
the whispers "Does my slut wish to cum already?". She replies "Yes Sir".  He
then lets out a slight evil laugh and whispers "Well slut I am not sure you are
going to be allowed to cum today".  She groans and knows that she deserves
whatever treatment he gives her.

He goes over to the table and takes the 4 pieces of rope and begins to bind her
hands and feet to the swing.  He tells her that he is a bit displeased with her,
and that today he will remind her of who she belongs to and what her position
is.

He then goes and gets the butt plug and lube and positions himself on the stool
in front of her.  He then begins to slowly lube the butt plug and tells her "You
know that I love to see my slut with a full ass don't you?".  She replies "Yes
Sir" He then slowly lubes his finger and starts to finger her asshole.  He
massages and teases until her asshole relaxes for him.  The then slowly inserts
his finger into her ass and slowly begins to fuck her ass.  She begins to moan
and tries to move in rythum with his finger.  He suddenly stops and she feels
her plug at her opening.  He slowly starts to insert it.  He works and works
until the plug is completetly in her ass. He asks her if his ass is feeling
full.  She replies "Yes Sir".  He asks her if she is needing to cum, and she
whimpers "Yes Sir" and he laughs and says "Your not allowed to cum my slut, do
you understand me?"  With that he goes and gets the blindfold and the gag.  He
first blindfold her and the he tells her that he is going to gag her just so she
can feel totally helpless, and will be totally at his mercy.  Her heartbeat
quickens as she plunges into darkness, not knowing what will happen next. 

He then tells her that he loves the way her nipples stand up for him.  He
reaches up and plays and pulls on them.  He leans over and slowly begins to suck
on one and then the other.  She moans as she feels his tongue slide over each
nipple.  He then reaches over and takes the nipple clamps and attaches them to
each nipple.  She whimpers as each clamp slowly tightens around her hard
nipples.  He gently tucks on the chain and it makes her whimper more.  He then
takes the clit clamp attached to them and he runs the chain down her stomach and
down between her legs.  She gasps and tries to pull away as she realizes he is
going to place a clamp on her clit.

He tells her that she must stay still and that any further attempt to push away
will only lead to punishment.  She tries to stay still as he slowly takes his
finger and begins to make circles around her clit.  She moans and begins to feel
herself starting to cum.  He senses she needs to cum and he tells her that she
must remember her order of not cumming.  She fights back the urge to cum but it
is getting harder and harder.  He then takes the clamp and slowy starts to clamp
it around her clit.  She grunts and groans as the pain starts going through her
clit.  She tries to breath through it but it still hurts.

He then picks up the clothes pins and he says that each clothes pin represents a
assignment or order that she failed to accomplish.  He says that he is going to
place them where she will remember that when he gives an order he expects them
to be carried out per instructions. 

He takes the first clothes pin and clamps it on the right lip of her pussy, he
takes the second clothes pin and clamps it on the left lip of her pussy.  She
screams into her gag as the pain starts to rip through her pussy lips.  He then
takes the third and fourth clothes pins and places them next to the other two. 
She now has tears forming in her eyes as the pain starts to penetrate right
through her.

He then tells her that she needs to be very still, as he reaches up and pulls on
her nipple and clit clamp chain.    He tells her that he is going to shave her
pussy completely clean and if she jumps she could possibly be cut.

He starts shaving her pussy with slow easy strokes making sure to brush her clit
and the clamps on her pussy lips. He has to move the clothes pins several times
in order to get all the hair off her pussy.  Each time he places them causes her
to scream into her gag and to whimper. 

When he is done he starts to finger her pussy.  He looks up at  her "Well well
my little slut it appears that even with all this torture, my pussy is hot and
ready to be fucked". She shakes her head furiously "Yes".  He laughs and said
"No My slut, you will not get fucked nor will you cum now". 

"I am going to let you off the swing.  You are to go shower again, but this time
slut you are not allowed to play with yourself". 

After your shower you are to remain naked, but do your make up and hair as I
want you to look your best tonight.  See tonight My slut, you will be serving me
and my guests dinner.  You will remain naked, and your butt plug and nipple
clamps will remain in place as well.  My guests have been told they are allowed
to play with your nipples and your butt plug anytime they wish.  If they ask you
to present either of those to them, you are to do so immediately and without
hesitation.  Also, they have been told they may finger your clit all they wish,
and they are allowed to dip one finger into your pussy.  But my slut, what I
haven't told them yet is this, that they will be having a very special desert. 
They will be given ice cream, chocolate and cherry syrup, bananas and whip
cream, but they will be given a dish to eat them out of.  Instead, my slut, you
will be laying in the middle of the table and they will apply these items
whereever and however they desire. Then my dear slut desert will truly be
served.

With that he walked out of the room and prepared for dinner.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Master Jim's Slave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





