BDSM Library - A Taste for Pussy




A Taste for Pussy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She got a chance to explore her female boss's sexual desire and fulfil hers as well.
A Taste for Pussy

By Deborah the Cowgirl




A Taste for Pussy

By Deborah the Cowgirl

My favorite thing in the world is definitely my own pussy. Not only is it my
greatest pleasure source, it is also the source of my power over men, which
gives me even more pleasure. I often force my slaves to spend hours worshipping
my pussy to make sure it remains the rightful center of their universe. But
sometimes dominating a man is not enough for me. Like a cat bored with her
favorite toy, I begin to look for new things to explore. In this case, I got the
fancy to explore another woman's pussy to see if I could make that mine as well.

*****

Karen was my boss at work, and from the first time I saw her, I had to have her.
While a pussy may be the source of a woman's pleasure, I believe that the face
is the source of her beauty. And Karen's face was magnificent. Most women seem
to comment about the softness of another woman's body and breasts, but that
wasn't the seat of my fascination with Karen. Her face was defined by hard
angles. A sharp nose and thin delicate forehead provided the relief from her
poignant, piercing blue eyes. Her tiny little mouth and lips served to direct
more attention to her perfectly triangular jaw.  Don't get me wrong; she was
quite a dish below her neck as well. You could tell she was a Tennis buff
because everything about her was thin, round and firm- especially that round
delicious ass. As with most athletic women, her breasts were not large, but
small and firm peaches whose points could often be seen through her bra and
shirt. Her legs were well muscled and she had a habit of pleasing the whole
office by regularly wearing a miniskirt to the office. Other women may have been
soft, but not Karen.

In other stories I have talked about the foolhardy lengths that a man will go
through to pursue a woman (see "Cageless Captivity"), and it wasn't until I met
Karen that I really began to sympathize with the hunger that most men must have
for a beautiful woman. I guess I described her so carnally because that was
exactly the way I felt for her. My lust for her was the kind that would induce
spontaneous daydreams. Of course, for me the daydreams were very naughty
fantasies like chaining her to a post and spanking her bare ass in front of the
entire company, or circulating a memo about how she had whimpered when I had
violated her ass the previous evening.

When she walked through the room my eyes would follow her ass and it would make
my mouth water and my nipples stiffen.  To me her tits, ass, legs, mouth and
pussy seemed to offer a myriad of new sensations, feelings and possibilities.
Her compact muscular body would be both pleasing to touch and observe, but
delicate enough to really enjoy dominating when the time came. And the fact that
she was my boss only feed into my already well developed love of role reversal.
I would dream of tying her down spread eagle and lying in between her legs so
that I could watch her face as I forced pleasure and pain upon her. I wanted to
roll her clitoris around in my mouth, nibble on it, tongue it, suck it- fuck I
wanted to own it. With that goal in mind I set out to study my prey patiently as
a true predator would.

Strangely enough, my heightened awareness of her caused me to immediately notice
her general unawareness of me and everything else that surrounded her. She
seemed to walk around in the haze that one does when one is constantly
preoccupied. And I could tell from the slight downward curve and the corners of
her petite mouth that she was not thinking about things that she really liked to
reflect on. Even as my boss she hardly seemed to take much notice of me other
than to dole out an occasional assignment. This of course, only made her more
mysterious to me and served to heighten my desire for her.


I didn't have to wait long for my opportunity. Our company sponsored a monthly
job performance review where we would meet with our superiors one on one and
discuss how things were going. She really didn't have much to say other than she
thought I did a good job and keep up the good work. Then she asked me if I had
any issues I wanted to discuss.

"Well Karen," I said. "I am glad to hear you think I am doing a good job. I was
worried because it seemed to me that you were hardly taking notice of my
performance. It's just that you seem a bit preoccupied, is everything alright."


My question was meet with a long sigh. "Yea," she said, "everything's alright...
I mean... Well kind of... Let's just say I am having some man troubles."


"Well Karen," I said, "why don't we go out to a bar after work and we can
discuss it. You know, a girls night out."

She looked down for a second as if to decide how vulnerable she wanted to make
herself, and then back up at me. "Hmm... OK. Come get me at five."


 	I made a pathetic attempt at being productive the rest of that day, but like
an adolescent schoolboy fixated on his new crush, Karen was all I could think
about. Images of Karen and my plans for her body put me in such a state of
arousal my panties stayed moist for the torturously long hours leading up to
five o'clock.

*****

We meet at a bar not too far from work, and for the first hour conversation was
pretty bland. In fact, it was boring, and I couldn't help but thing how much
more interesting a conversation it would be if she had a gag in her mouth. It
wasn't until the drinks started to kick in that she really started to open up to
me and let me know that interesting details: she had recently been dumped by a
guy recently and was pretty upset about it. I listened attentively as she filled
me in on all the details.

"I don't understand myself," Karen said. "I didn't even like him that much. I
never had had a good time with him, never laughed at any of his stupid jokes.
Shit, I never even had a good orgasm, why am I so hurt that his is no longer in
my life."

I tried to maintain my face as a mask to pure empathy and concern, but hearing
Karen mention to the word "orgasm" caused my mind to wander to thoughts of her
tied spread eagle to my four-poster bed. She looked up from her monologue of woe
to see my face affixed with a quaint happy smile as I relished my private S&M
moment. Her immediate pause at looking at me forced to snap back to my mask of
concern.

	"I'm sorry to hear about that," I said in a sympathetic tone as I inwardly
loved the fact that I had just been given Carte Blanche to discuss her sex life
in vivid detail (as girls are prone to do). "So the sex wasn't good for you?"

"Wasn't good? It was horrible! Jesus, the man never knew what foreplay was. For
him it was all, disrobe, thrust, come, dismount, and shower. Most boring sex in
all my life."

"Well," I said trying to figure out my next move. "This sounds like a
relationship that is better forgotten. What say you and I drink ourselves into
oblivion."

"Actually," Karen said as a coy smile crept across her face, "I try not to drink
too much because it leaves me with a terrible hangover. How about you and I go
some place private and light up a joint?"

As my mind processed her statement and the implications it might have for my
seducing her I felt warmth pool in my tummy and make it's way down to my crotch.
"My place is close to here," I said not believing how easy this seemed to be
going for me. We got into our respective cars and she followed me over to my
place. She was a helpless insect entering the parlor of a sexual spider.
****
I have never been much into drugs; I seem to get my most intense experiences
from S&M. So when Karen produced two marijuana cigarettes from her purse, I
instead recommended that we just share one at a time. This way I could take an
occasional puff as she took drag after drag. Both Karen and I were working
towards the same goal of getting her stoned, just for different reasons: she to
forget, I to seduce.

Over the next hour I listened to Karen's increasingly incoherent ramblings about
men, work, her family, and whatever else came across her drugged up mind. I
started at her body as I listened to her talk. The drugs had Karen feelings
pretty good and she clearly seemed comfortable with me as she came back from a
trip to the bathroom with her blouse unbuttoned all the way to her cleavage. The
drugs and my close physical proximity to her had whipped my desire for her to a
fever pitch, and my mind was racing through all the fantasies she had started in
recently. I was determined that she would not leave my apartment unviolated. My
nipples were tingling like faint static electricity as I wondered if my grabbing
her head and forcing it to my chest was an acceptable way to end the
conversation. My eyes made there way over all of her body but mostly I couldn't
help but just staring continuously at opening of her shirt where you could just
make out the top of her beautiful tits. As she started her second marijuana
cigarette I brought the topic back to sex.

"So you never came with you last boyfriend?" I asked.

"Well," she said meekly, "I felt good on occasion."

"Feeling good... hmm. I'm not quite sure how to interpret that. Does that mean
you came or just felt good?"

I could tell she felt a little embarrassed by the topic, and I felt more excited
by making her feel vulnerable. Once more I realized that my dominant nature was
enjoying making her feel a little uncomfortable. My nipples started to form
definite points in my blouse as I relished her awkwardness.

"Well, I came a couple of times with him- it was okay."

"Hmm, compared to previous orgasms it wasn't anything special then?"

She started blushing as she said "Why are you so curious about my orgasms?"

Seeing the redness of her skin only encouraged my behavior, and my arousal. I
stood up and went to the kitchen to get two glasses of wine as I said, "Because
an orgasm is the most intense pleasure we tend to experience in our lifetimes as
women. And if you having good ones then that indicates that you either never had
mind blowing one and just don't know how great they can feel or you just aren't
proactive enough in seeking your own pleasure."

I poured two glasses of red wine and came back to sit closer to her.  "I am a
big advocate for women enjoying themselves. Heaven knows life is hard enough on
us as it is," I said as I sat next to her and gave her a glass.

"Besides, when I was a teenager I would practice kissing and things like that
with other girl friends to make sure I was ready to be with a man. Talking about
orgasms with other women just seems natural to me," I said as my eyes looked
deeply into hers.

We just sat there for a couple of minutes staring into each other's eyes and
sipping wine. I am sure that she could feel that the sexual tension that charged
the situation as strongly as I could, and I knew that she was trying to decide
how far she wanted to go with this.

"Hmm, I can't say I ever practiced kissing with other women, much less other
'things'."

"Well maybe that's your problem Karen," I said as I slowly ran my fingers
through her hair. "No one knows a woman's pleasure like another woman. Maybe
that's why you don't know how amazing orgasms can be."

I could tell that I was once again making her uneasy, as she broke eye contact
and started to look off into nothing. I moved my hand slowly from her hair down
to her jaw line and gently moved her head back to face me. Her look was intense,
passionate, but sad. "I'm not sure we should do this, we work together and all."

"Well I won't tell anyone if you won't," I said mischievously as I began to lean
forward put my face closer to hers. As I got closer to her, she tilted her head
and closed her eyes in silence acceptance of what was about to happen. Our first
kiss started slowly, but the pent up passion of the evening soon had our lips
parted and our tongues swimming around each other hungrily.

I knew that I had to move slowly for fear of losing her, but that my desires
where screaming for more sudden and violent commencement. At the promise of
finally getting to satisfy sexual need for this woman, my pussy began to ache
and demand attention, but that wasn't the worst of it. As a sexual dominant I
was used to engaging in sex entirely on my terms, and my instinct was to take
this woman know and force my desires onto her. But again, I knew that both of
these desires would have to wait till for the right time. There would be plenty
of that later, I promised myself.

I reached a hand around her and brought her straddle of me as I sat on the
couch, our mouths locked the entire time. Our kisses went from long and deep to
shorter, faster, and more desperate as our hands flew to each other's blouses.
Quickly I unbuttoned the remaining buttons (having to fumble for a few seconds
with the ones on her sleeves), removed her blouse and then the bra underneath. I
had spent weeks visualizing exactly what her body would look like naked. Having
her perfectly shaped tits finally exposed to me was ample reward for my efforts
as they were more beautiful than I had imagined. Our kisses deepened and began
to imply much greater underlying need as I brought my hands to gently cup each
of her breasts.

I caressed the soft skin of her breasts lightly, playfully rolling the nipple
between my thumb and forefinger. Then I broke lip lock with her and put one of
her breasts in my mouth, not sucking it, but gently massaging it with my tongue.
As I did so, Karen brought her head back and I heard a moan escape. I alternated
attention to each of her breasts for quite some time. Not only did I want to
build her desire before I began to touch her pussy, but possession of her naked
chest was a prize that I had longed after for quite some time and did not want
to relinquish easily.

The delicious smell of her sex told me when it was time to move lower. I slowly
let me left hand flow down to her knee, under her miniskirt, and back up to her
crotch. The combination of her loud, low moan as my hand finally reached her
pussy and the fact that her panties were sopping wet let me know that this was
something she wanted as much as I did. Her moans grew louder and more frequent
as my hand started to massage her clitoris through her soaked cotton panties.

Unfortunately, Karen was enjoying the experience as opposed to reciprocating any
of the pleasure I was giving her, and my throbbing pussy was demanding
attention. In a way it was new experience for both Karen and I: it was her first
experience with a woman and it was one of my first experience with having to put
my own needs second. After years of aggressive BDSM sex, my pussy was entirely
unaccustomed to having to wait it's turn. And while I do relish new experiences,
I wanted to get down to business as quickly as possible.

I rolled Karen back off of me, stood up, and lead her to the bedroom. There we
proceeded to slowly remove the remainder of each other's clothing.  Part of me
wanted to continue to take things slow and go down on Karen and bring her to
orgasm that way, but I didn't think I could do a very good job as hungry for
satisfaction as my own body was. So instead I reached into my toy drawer and
removed my favorite double dildo, a pure silicone rubber one which joined two
phalluses at more or less right angles. When Karen saw what I returned with I
could see a brief look of apprehension cross her face, but she was too in the
moment to back out now. 

I sat at the foot of the bed and inserted one of end of the dildo into my
swollen pussy, which immediately sent a wave of pleasure over me in gratitude.
Then I had Karen once again straddle my legs, but used her legs to keep her from
sitting on me so that I could position the business end of my dildo more easily.
Our naked breasts rubbed together sensuously as we resumed kissing, and I
brought both of my hands to work on her dripping womanhood.

First I inserted one finger, and then a second as my other hand gently massaged
her clitoris. Her breathing became quicker and more intense as she closed her
eyes and began concentrating on her own pleasure. When took my hand out of her
and brought her hips down so that head of my silicone rubber dick rested just
outside of the entrance to her pussy. We let out a mutual scream of pleasure as
she lowered herself onto it and forced the dildo deep into both of us.

My hands went to guide and move her hips as she wrapped her arms around my
shoulder and we began the soft and steady rhythm of fucking. This was another
new experience for both of us since most of my prior experience with this dildo
involved humiliating and penetrating my male slaves. Using my double dildo with
the intent of giving mutual pleasure required a bit more control than the
brutish plunging I was used to, but Karen's grunts of pleasure let me know that
she had no complaints.
As our orgasms built closer to a climax, she moved her hands from my shoulders
to cup them under my thighs. This allowed her to pull herself down onto the
dildo on the down stroke and drive the dildo deeper and harder into both of us,
our tits vigorously rubbing against each other, and our mouths closed over one
another all the while. Time seemed to stand still as we lost ourselves in
pleasure fucking like that. As she neared orgasm, I felt compelled to indulge a
bit of my dominant instinct and I began biting her lips and tongue instead of
kissing them. As we reached the peak of our intensity and Karen began crying out
in pleasure, I bit harder and let myself go blissfully over the edge.

When it was done, Karen and I laid in each other's arms silently stroking one
another. "You were right about having an amazing orgasm," she cooed. "I... I am
really thankful for all this, but I don't want to make things awkward at work."

What Karen didn't know was that my plans for her weren't finished yet. While I
had had her sexually, I still wanted to really explore more of a S&M
relationship with her. "Don't worry about work, there is nothing like sexual
tension to increase productivity," I said softly as I lay thinking. Having her
was wonderful, some of the best sex I had ever had without any S&M. But my mind
kept trying to calculate how to move things further. We continued to lie there
silently in each other's arms for quite some time.

To be continued...
(c) 2001 Copyright. All rights reserved. By Deborah the Cowgirl.
--
For the rest of Deborah's Fiction, Sex Toys, Videos, or Phone Domination visit
www.fiendishglee.com

Story: A Taste for Pussy (Lesbian, BDSM)







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Deborah the Cowgirl


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





