BDSM Library - London Underground




London Underground
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The fun we had on a short trip to London.

Hi, my name is Vanessa. I was born in December 1975 and now have a 
34A-24-35 95-pound figure with blond hair. In 1998 I quit my boring 
existence in a little town in North Wales and went to work as a 
Housekeeper for a middle-aged man in the East Midlands of England. It 
was a brave decision to make as I'd applied for the job after seeing the 
job advert in a BDSM magazine that someone had left in the 
hairdressers where I worked. I didn't really know what I was letting 
myself in for, but I really did need to do something because my life was 
so drab and boring. Even the interview for the job was unbelievable, but 
I was so desperate to change my life that I did everything that was 
asked of me, and I was finally offered the job.
Shortly after starting the job my employer (Jon) told me to write a 
Journal of my new life, and he has since created a web site that it is 
published on.

http://www.bigfoot.com/~vanessa.evans

If you care to read my Journal you will discover that my relationship 
with Jon is rather different to that of most employee and employer, but I 
have easily come to realise that I have a life that just could not be more 
satisfying or pleasurable. I love my life and all the little adventures that 
Jon and I get up to.

Quite a few people who have read my Journal have asked for both 
photographs of me, and for me to describe myself a bit more. Well, Jon 
says that he doesn't want me to send any photographs. It would be a bit 
difficult anyway, as he hasn't got a scanner, or one of these digital 
cameras. As for describing myself, I'm blond; at one point shortly after 
starting working for Jon he got my hair cut very short, just like a boy's. 
It's now long enough to have 2 short ponytails, just like I did when I 
was a schoolgirl. Apart from a little bit of hair that grows on my legs, I 
have no body hair below my neck. It's all been removed with 
electrolysis. I'm slim with small(ish), pert breasts that have small 
aureoles and giant nipples. When they're hard Jon says they're like 
chapel hat pegs. I have a nice firm, flat stomach with a pubic bone that 
does stick out a bit. In my pussy lips I have 2 little gold rings that Jon 
put in me. My clit is very prominent and is usually sticking out between 
my lips. It's about an inch long with a little round head. Jon sometimes 
calls it my little dick. I don't own any bras, knickers, trousers, leggings 
or shorts; and 90% of my skirts and dresses can be described as mini or 
micro. I used to be a very shy girl, but I've now gone completely the 
other way, and get a great thrill from letting other people see my body.
I hope that's enough to satisfy the people who asked. If it isn't, perhaps 
they would like to e-mail me with specific questions.

vanessa.evans@bigfoot.com 

Jon told me to stop writing my Journal in the summer of 1999, but has 
recently asked me to document, some of the more interesting 
experiences that we have had since then.

Both Jon and myself have been scouring the Internet looking for ideas 
for little adventures or incidents that we could manufacture to have 
some fun. We've found one or two stories that appear to be slightly 
rewritten copies of some of the text in my Journal, and one or two that 
are very similar to some of the adventures that we've had and that I've 
written about in my Journal. At first I was a bit annoyed about this, but 
Jon said that I should be honoured that someone thought our 
adventures were good enough to copy. I've started thinking that way as 
well.

The adventure I'm about to describe happened in the summer of 2000. 
The main part of the adventure took place on the London Underground, 
but I also had a bit of fun in and around the hotel that we stayed at. I 
know that I've written about another adventure that we had on the 
London Underground in my Journal, but although this adventure is 
similar, it was on a different occasion. Jon enjoyed the first time so 
much (so did I) that he took me back for a second go. 


The London Underground




The London Underground

Jon sprung yet another surprise on me when he came home from work 
one Tuesday night and told me that he had a business meeting in 
London the next day. He'd decided to take me to London with him and 
leave me to fend for myself while he went to the meeting, but have a bit 
of fun with me before and afterwards. We quickly packed a bag and 
caught the 7 something train. 

The journey down wasn't anything special and there were very few 
people on the train. Jon had booked us into the Regent Palace Hotel at 
Piccadilly Circus. It's not the best of hotels, but you can't get much more 
central without it costing you a fortune (and Jon was paying, not his 
business).

The room that Jon booked doesn't have an en suite bathroom. I was a 
little disappointed until Jon told me that his choice was deliberate so 
that I could walk around the corridors wearing only a towel, and then let 
it fall off 'accidentally'.

Jon had a bad headache when we got there so we went to bed straight 
away.

Jon woke me up at 6 o'clock the next morning and told me to go for a 
pee. He gave me a towel to wear that I hadn't seen before. When I 
wrapped it round my body it was only just long enough to cover my 
breasts and bum; and it was only just long enough to wrap over and 
tuck in. No only would it take very little for it to un-tuck and fall off, 
when I put one leg in front of me the whole of my side up passed my 
waist was showing.

The building is sort of triangular with bits going off. You can walk round 
the corridor and get back to your room without turning back on yourself. 
I hadn't needed to go to the loo the night before so I didn't know where 
I was going. I didn't get far before I had to open a fire door and the 
inevitable happened. Unfortunately there wasn't anyone around to see 
my nakedness.

I eventually found a ladies loo and had a pee. Feeling a bit brave I 
decided to walk back to our room with the towel in my hand. 
Unfortunately I must have been too early and never saw anyone. Jon 
told me I was a 'good girl' when I got back to our room, and told me to 
go again in an hour.

I looked out of the window and was disappointed that there wasn't much 
of a view, and the building opposite looked a bit of a dump. It turned 
out that it was the back of some posh shops in Regent Street. The 
obviously didn't care what the back looked like.

About 20 minutes later Jon decided that he wanted a drink of coke. 
There wasn't a mini bar in the room so I grabbed the towel and 
volunteered to go and get him one (I'd seen a coke machine near the 
lifts).

The corridor was deserted again, and all was quiet when I put the 
money in the machine. As I was bent over getting the can I heard a man 
say, "very nice dear, can you just stay like that for a while please?" I 
was surprised, jumped up and turned round. This middle-aged man as 
stood there with a suitcase in his hand. I put my empty hand on my 
chest and said, "Oh, sorry, you startled me. I didn't think anyone else 
was up yet." He said, "Sorry, I didn't mean to make you jump, it's just 
that I was admiring your beautiful rear end." 

He looked a nice man so I pulled the towel off, said, "Well what do you 
think of the front end then?" and walked passed him back to our room. 
As I was walking away from him I heard him say, "Very nice my love!"

Half an hour later Jon said it was time for a shower. He wrapped a towel 
round his waist and told me to put my towel on. As we walked down the 
corridor I could hear one or two people moving around. Just as we 
started turning one of the corners, Jon grabbed my towel and pulled. I 
gasped and bent down to pick it up. As I did, I looked along the corridor 
and saw a maid delivering breakfasts. She was looking at us with a grin 
on her face. Knowing that Jon wouldn't mind, I stood up and grabbed his 
towel. It came off as I said, "Two can play at that game." The maid's 
eyes opened wide and her jaw dropped as she saw Jon's bald dick. She 
just stared as Jon said, "Right then, wait until I get hold of you." Off I 
ran, giggling, with Jon chasing me. Neither of us bothered to put our 
towels back on until we were passed the maid and round the corner. Her 
face was a picture. 

Round the corner, a man in a dressing gown just stared as Jon pulled 
me into the men's room.

There was no one else in there so I went to the loo while Jon shaved. 
We were both sharing a shower when another man came in, saw us, 
stared for a second or two, said, "Sorry", and walked out. I don't know 
what he though we were doing. It wasn't as if Jon was fucking me.

The walk back to the room was uneventful and we got dressed and went 
for breakfast. Jon put his suit on ready for his business meeting, and he 
told me to wear just shoes and one of my thin, cotton dresses. The one 
that has a scoop front, no sleeves and big armholes. I sometimes have 
trouble keeping the straps on my shoulders in that one.

After breakfast we went for a ride on the Underground. The weather is 
always warmer in London than in Derby, but it was a bit fresh out. My 
nipples were letting everyone know that it was fresh. When we went into 
the Underground it was quite breezy as well. A couple of times I could 
feel my dress blowing up. 

We got the train to Embankment station then got on the Circle line. The 
first bit was only a couple of stations and I sat opposite a young man 
who I could see was looking at me over the top of his newspaper. Not 
wanting to disappoint him I slowly opened my legs so that he could see 
my pussy. Poor man went bright red, but he kept looking. When we got 
up to leave I looked to see if he had a hard-on, but the paper was 
covering his lap.

Those of you who have read my Journal will know that I never cross my 
legs like most women do, Jon won't let me.

As we got on the train at Embankment Jon told me to stand near door 
and hold onto one of those leather straps that hang down. I'm not very 
tall and I have to stretch to reach. My dress hemline got even higher on 
the side where my arm was stretched up. Because my dress is baggy, 
and has very big scooped armholes, anyone looking at my side that has 
my arm up would be able to see all of that breast, and a bit of the other 
one as well.

Nothing much happened to start off with, except that I was getting a bit 
excited anticipating what might happen. After about 3 or 4 stations the 
train got busier. I'd watched one young man stare at me as he got on, 
and he stood close to me watching my little left breast wobble a bit as 
the train rattled along. 

Things got a bit more interesting at the next station, people poured in, 
and I began to feel like a sardine. A couple of other men were looking at 
me as well. I couldn't move and there was a man pressed up against my 
back, and another in front of me. He was facing me and bent back a bit 
so that his face wasn't in mine. When I looked up at him he smiled and 
continued looking down my dress at my nipples (the breeze and the 
excitement was keeping them hard).

After a minute or so I felt a hand on my right thigh, just gently at first, 
but when the owner was confident that I wasn't going to scream or 
something, the hand started moving up under my dress. It went all the 
way up to my waist, then had a little feel round. I guess that he was 
trying to find some knickers.

The hand then moved round to my bum and the body that had been 
pressing into my back, wasn't any more. My right ass cheek got 
squeezed before the hand drifted down between my legs to my pussy. 
Just as it got there, the train stopped at a station and the hand 
disappeared. People got off, and people got on; but the train wasn't any 
the less crowded. The man in front of me was still looking down my 
dress, the man behind me was still there, and another man was stood at 
my left looking through the armhole of my dress. With all that attention 
from men that I'd never seen before, and never spoken to, I was very 
excited - to say the least.

As the train started to move off, I felt the hand again. This time it went 
straight between my legs to my pussy. There was a moment's pause 
when the owner found out how wet I was, or was it because the hand 
found the two little gold rings in my pussy lips. Whatever, the pause was 
only for a moment before the fingers found my clit then went inside me.

I moaned a bit then looked up at the man in front of me. We made eye 
contact so I smiled. I think I blushed a bit as well. The fingers started to 
pump in and out of me and my hips started to move in response to the 
stimulation. I closed my eyes to just enjoy the sensations and was biting 
my bottom lip when I opened my eyes again to see the face of the man 
in front of me. He had a puzzled expression on his face and was sniffing 
the air. I sniffed and realised that he was smelling my pussy juices. I felt 
a bit embarrassed and proud, both at the same time.

The fingers were just getting me close to cuming when the train slowed 
and stopped at the next station. The fingers stopped moving, but didn't 
go out of me. Instead I felt his hand grip part of my right cheek and 
hold me there.

Again people got off and on, and it was still crowded, neither the man in 
front of me, nor the one behind had moved. As the train started to move 
off I looked up and down the carriage. Although there was a crowd 
where I was, there was plenty of space in the rest of the carriage. There 
were even some free seats not far away.

I saw Jon, sat down and looking at me with a big smile on his face.

The fingers got working again and it wasn't long before my orgasm 
arrived. I tried to stifle my moaning, but I wasn't that good at it. The 
man in front of me knew what was happening and had a big grin on his 
face. As the waves hit me I leaned forward a bit and my stomach felt 
what was probably the man's hard-on. I did want to reach in between is 
and squeeze it, but I thought I'd better not. 

The fingers in my pussy knew I'd cum but were still going in and out. 
They kept going even when the train stopped in the next station, and 
shortly after that I came for a second time. That time I did manage to 
stop any noise escaping from my mouth, but it was difficult.

The fingers stopped and just stayed inside me for a minute or so, then 
pulled out. I felt them being wiped on my backside as the hand 
withdrew. 

The train pulled into another station and I suddenly realised that both 
men had gone. I was alone, but a few people were looking at me. I did a 
quick check and my dress was still covering my pussy, ass and tits - 
just. So they were either looking at my legs (some of them hoping my 
dress would go just that bit higher); or they had been watching what 
was going on. I didn't care which.

I stood there on my own as the train went on to the next station. There 
some noisy youths got on and started fooling around where I was. A 
couple of them were looking at me. One moved close to me and lifted 
the front of my dress. "Nice cunt", he said as another of them took some 
interest in me. One of them said, "Let's have a look at your tits then." 
When I didn't move he said, "Okay then, I'll get them out for you." With 
that he put a hand inside the armholes of my dress and pulled it into the 
middle of my chest. Both my little breasts were out. Another of them 
said, "Bloody hell, look at those nipples." (Well, they were rock hard 
from the breeze and the excitement).

Next, another of them lifted the hem of my dress up above my waist 
and said, "Nice ass and pussy as well." 

I was getting a bit scared by then, and looked over to Jon. He was just 
standing up. He walked over and looking directly into the eyes of the 
tallest of the youths he said, "I think that's enough fun for this morning 
gentlemen. The lady's getting a bit frightened; and none of us want any 
trouble, DO WE?"

I think it was the surprise that someone had stood up to them that shut 
them up, they just stood there. The youth who was holding my dress up 
round my waist let go of it. It fell back into place. 

No one at that end of the carriage said a word. All eyes were looking at 
us. It seemed like hours, but it must have only been a minute before the 
train stopped at the next station. When the doors opened Jon grabbed 
my arm, and pulling me out saying, "I think it would be best if you came 
with me young lady." I felt the bunched up part of my dress front start 
to move back over my breasts. Just round a corner off the platform, Jon 
stopped and asked me if I was all right. I told him that I was a bit 
scared, but yes, I was all right.

We got the next train and Jon sat me down next to him. A couple of 
stations later he told me that that was his station for his meeting. Giving 
me my purse out of his briefcase, he told me to stay sat down until the 
train got back to Embankment; then to go back to the hotel. He told me 
that he'd be back sometime late afternoon.

The journey back wasn't anywhere near as much fun. I opened my legs 
to a young woman who sat opposite me and just stared at my pussy 
when she realised she could see it. 


Walking out of the Underground at Piccadilly Circus, the warm sunshine 
and the bustle of people made me feel good. I didn't want to go back to 
the hotel room, and anyway, I was hungry.

Quite close to the hotel entrance is a Burger King, I decided to have a 
burger. I got it then looked for a table. There were none free 
downstairs, so I went upstairs. When I got there I saw that there are 2 
levels of tables. The floor of the upper level at the front of the 
restaurant is about at the height of the tables at the lower level. On the 
edge of the upper level is a railing with not very wide steel bars. Tables 
are right up to the railing on both upper and lower level. The end result 
is that someone sat at a table on the lower level has their head at knee 
level of someone sat at a table on the upper level. 

It took me only seconds to realise that it was a golden opportunity for 
me to flash my pussy at people on the lower level.

There wasn't a table at the edge of the upper level free when I first got 
there, so I went to a free table near where I thought someone would be 
finishing soon. A few minutes later the couple did finish and I moved in. 
I looked down and saw that there was a young couple on the table 
below me. Unfortunately I was facing the woman, so I moved. I think 
that the man had seen me before I moved, and I saw him looking at me 
as I started to sit down. He was looking right at my legs so I sat down in 
a very un-lady like manor. My knees were wide apart as my bum hit the 
seat. Pretending to open my bag of chips, I glanced down and saw that 
he was having a good look. His head was about a foot from my knee and 
it was easy for him to look over and see all the way up to my pussy.

I sat there slowly eating and not turning my head his way. He must 
have had the impression that I didn't realise what he was looking at. 
That was just what I wanted.

As I eat, I listened to their conversation. The man wasn't taking much 
notice of what the woman was saying, and he was saying stupid things 
when he thought he should be saying something. The woman was 
starting to get annoyed with him. Finally, she realised where his 
concentration was and grabbed his arm and dragged him out. He looked 
back at me as he started to go down the stairs. I smiled at him.

It took me about an hour to finish that burger, chips and coke. I was 
surprised that I didn't get thrown out. In that time I flashed one teenage 
girl, one middle-aged man and young female member of staff who came 
to clean up the table below me. When she realised what she was looking 
at she started to say something, but stopped herself, stared for a 
minute, and then went away. I was half expecting for the manager to 
come and throw me out, but no one came.

Eventually I got bored and decided to go for a walk. I went up Regent 
Street and onto Oxford Street. I went into a few shops, but only had 
some fun in one of them. An Ann Summers shop. For those of you who 
have never heard of Ann Summers, she runs a string of shops and home 
parties. All selling items to make peoples sex life more interesting.

The ground floor part of the shop wasn't very interesting, but downstairs 
they have lots of dildos, leather corsets, whips and sexy clothes. After 
feeling the texture of some of the dildos, I saw a French Maid's outfit. I 
thought it was quite cute. I lifted it off the hook and was having a look 
at how it was made when the male shop assistant told me that I could 
try it on if I liked. At first I said, "No, its' all right," but as soon as I'd 
said it I changed my mind and said, "Can I please, where's the changing 
room?"

The changing room is a cubicle at the back of the shop. It has a big 
curtain for a door. Inside, my dress was off in seconds and I stood there 
naked. I was just working out how to get into the little dress when the 
curtain opened and the man said, "Need any help?" I was a bit startled, 
and after a few seconds of looking at each other, I said, "No thank you," 
and pulled the curtain closed.

Once I finally got the outfit on I looked at myself in the little mirror. It 
didn't fit me well. It was obviously made for a woman with big breasts. 
Mine were lost in there and the material just hung off my chest. The 
skirt part was good, I liked the layers of lace that made the black skirt 
go out at quite an angle. I knew that Jon would like the skirt, it only just 
covered my bum and pussy.

I was just deciding to take it off when I heard the man's voice say, 
"There's a big mirror out here. You can get a better look at yourself." I 
was about to say 'no thank you' when I suddenly thought 'why not.'

In the main area of the shop there was the male assistant, a couple of 
giggling teenage girls and a couple in their early twenties. As I walked 
out the shop assistant pointed to the mirror that was at the other side of 
the shop. I'd have to pass all the people to get there. The couple saw 
me first and watched me go by. Then the girls. They stopped giggling 
and stared as I stood in front of the mirror and smoothed the material 
down. As I turned from side to side, to see myself from all angles, I 
could see the couple and girls in the mirror. They were still looking at 
me. 

I decided to bend over a bit to look at the skirt at the front. This meant 
that it rode up my backside giving them a good view of my ass. Next I 
turned to face them then looked back over my shoulder, into the mirror 
to see that back of the dress. That showed them my pussy and proved 
that I wasn't wearing a thong.

The shop assistant came over and asked what I thought. Grabbing the 
front of the top part, I pulled it out and down off my tits. "It's not very 
good," I said, "it's been made for someone who's got a lot more up top 
that I have." "Ah, yes, I can see that. How about a Nurses outfit?"   

I declined the offer and went and got changed. When I got out, I gave 
the assistant the Maid's outfit and left. As I walked up the stairs to the 
ground floor I was followed by the 2 girls. I heard one of them say, 
"Look, she wasn't wearing any knickers because she hasn't got any." 
Then they giggled again.

I wandered around a bit more and got whistled at by a couple of 
workmen in a hole in the road. It was my fault for standing so close to 
the edge of the hole.

When I finally made it back to the hotel, Jon was already in the room. 
My backside got 20 slaps for not being there when he got back.

Jon took me to the theatre and a meal that night. I didn't think that 
much of the play, but the food was good. Before we went out, Jon told 
me to carry my towel to the shower room. It was a wasted naked walk 
as no one saw me. 

The naked walk that I took later that night wasn't wasted. The quantity 
of wine that I had with the meal made me a bit braver and when Jon 
told me to go and get him a coke from the machine near the lifts, I 
didn't even think of putting any clothes on when I got out of bed after 
Jon had fucked me. I just grabbed my purse and went out into the 
corridor. As soon as I turned the first corner I saw this elderly couple 
walking towards me. The expression on their faces was great, a bit of 
shock and amazement. The lady's mouth finally closed when I got right 
up to them. I thought she was going to say something so I got my 
spoke in first. "Doing it for a dare." I said. "Oh, right then." The old man 
said.

I made it to the coke machine without anyone else seeing me, but as I 
was putting the money in, the lift door opened. Out came 2 middle-aged 
men who just stopped and stared. They were still there as I walked back 
towards our room. 

I decided to explore a bit and went a different way. The excitement of 
being naked in an almost public place where I could get caught at any 
moment was getting my pussy tingling again.

I came to a set of stairs and decided to go down a floor. That would 
increase the risk. 

The floor below was deserted when I stepped out of the stairwell. I was 
about half way to the lift when a whole group of teenagers came out of 
the door to the lifts. There must have been over a dozen of them, all 
about 15 or 16, and both boys and girls. 'Sod it' I thought, and kept 
walking. When they saw me they started talking and laughing. They 
were not speaking English. Some of them stopped and stared as I 
walked right through the middle of them. I noticed that one of the girls 
had a shocked expression on her face, and was holding a hand over her 
mouth as she stared at me. I felt good.

At the lifts, I decided to go up the floor in the lift rather than use the 
stairs. The excitement of not knowing who might be in the lift when the 
doors opened was getting my pussy excited.

It seemed to take ages for the lift to come, and when the doors opened 
there was a couple about my age in there. He stared and kept staring 
with a blank face, but her surprise turned to a big smile. "Dare or a 
bet?" she said. "Dare." I said as I walked in. I stood facing them as the 
lift went up the floor. As I walked out she said, "Bye, hope it was worth 
it." "Oh it was!" I said as I walked back to our room.


Next morning Jon wanted to catch an early train so it was a quick dash 
to the toilet and shower. I did it with my towel over my arm, and the 
only person I saw was a girl member of staff delivering some breakfasts. 
She just stared at me.

Going out of the Underground at St. Pancras, Jon told me to get on the 
escalator before him. He then held up the queue for a minute before 
stepping out of the way. When I turned round to see where Jon was, 
there was a gap of about 8 empty stairs, then a man staring straight up 
my dress. When I was facing upwards he must have see my ass, and 
when I turned to look for Jon he must have seen my pussy. I saw him 
lick his lips. At the top he said, "Hi, on your own?" By that time Jon was 
there, he grabbed my arm and we went for the train.


Well, that's how our little trip to London went. I have other adventures 
that Jon's told me to document. I'm sure that Jon will get me to publish 
all of them on my web pages as and when he's read them and is happy 
with them.

Love 

Vanessa





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Vanessa


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





