BDSM Library - Dangerous Wagers




Dangerous Wagers
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A female attorney visits a race track with a client and wagers more than she intended.
DANGEROUS WAGERS

Comments can be made to me at blairbrek@yahoo.com




DANGEROUS WAGERS
PART ONE

THE HIGH PRICE OF WAGERING

Erin could not believe she had allowed herself to be goaded into wagering.
Unfortunately for her she had won the first three races without wagering and
over estimated her ability to pick winners, having two long island ice teas
beginning to affect her judgment also did not help.  When Deborah and Katherine
talked her into betting she felt confident her winning streak would continue. 

Fortunately to everyone's amusement they were enjoying watching the petite red
head being humbled. The person most grateful for her foolishness was the
formerly nude woman called Pet by her "owner".  Erin had lost first her shoes
and then wanting to win them back lost her dress.

Her largest client, Katherine Sloan, invited Erin to the "races".  She had left
the firm of Johnson, McMicheal and Weber to start her own law firm. She had
taken several clients. Katherine however was a real coup for her. Sloan
Industries was a very large client for her former employers and to Erin it was
the cornerstone of the business she dreamed of building.  Only 29 she had the
intelligence and drive to realize her dreams at an early age. 

Now she was humiliating herself by making stupid wagers.  She was barefoot
wearing only her push up bra and panties.  The club rules prohibited anyone not
dressed in normal street attire from using chairs.  She was further humbled when
the stewards removed her chair.  She had two options stand, be visible and draw
attention to herself or kneel.  She figured that by kneeling at least she would
be quite so visible. 

She glared at Pet as the steward gave her Erin's chair.  Wearing Erin's dress
and shoes she was now appropriately attired and was deemed acceptable to sit
rather than kneel as Erin was.  Erin blushed in embarrassment and anger when
Deborah told Pet that "seeing how she was now dressed like a real person she
could sit like a real person".  Deborah's comments though not directed at her
were meant for her.

She was honored when Katherine had invited her to a special club she belonged
to.  She was stunned when Katherine explained on the drive out just what the
club was.  All the members had "unconventional interests".  The club held races
every other month where "certain individuals" would race.  The "interests" ran
the gamut.  Erin found them shocking.  The "individuals" had actually agreed to
be the property of others.  Wearing various leather outfits to be made up to
resemble pony's they were racing individually or pulling sulkies with riders.

Erin was initially uptight being around individuals with such tastes and
bizarrely attired but Katherine' strong personality put her at ease.  The
alcohol helped her relax and she soon found herself enjoying the party like
atmosphere.  She felt part of the "in crowd" and she reasoned for Katherine to
reveal this side of herself she must really like her.  The only thing Katherine
cautioned her of was, like her, these people took honor very seriously and any
"commitments" would be expected to be honored.  The warning was made in a stern
voice that she had only heard Katherine use to emphasis an important point.

She felt giddy and wagering her shoes seemed innocent enough.  Monetary wagers
were frowned upon and being an "innocent" as they were jokingly calling her she
felt it would make her even more accepted.  The wagers consisted of service and
possessions. Losing her $70 Evan Picones bothered her but not as much when
Deborah, Katherine's friend they were sharing a box with, gave them to the naked
woman kneeling next to her.  All the tall brunette wore was a collar around her
neck.  The leash attached to it had been clipped to Deborah's chair.

She wondered what kind of a woman would allow herself to be a "slave" of
another, especially another female.  She thought the woman must be a real bimbo
and a whore at heart to allow herself to be so humiliated in public.  At least
she thought, the "ponies" had some coverings. Unfortunately Erin had voiced some
of her thoughts to Katherine a little too loud on Pet and the woman kept giving
her dirty looks that had not gone unnoticed.  When Deborah won the first wager
and Erin had slipped her shoes off she gave them to Pet to antagonize Erin.  Pet
grinned at Erin as she slipped the shoes on her feet.

Erin couldn't believe she had lost the next wager also.  That Deborah had let
Pet pick her "pony" upset her to no end.  She had lost to a fool.  She tried to
talk her way out of having to forfeit her dress but a stern look from Katherine
and disapproving looks from the people in the adjoining boxes reminded her of
just how serious they took "honoring commitments".  Afraid of upsetting
Katherine, her most important client, Erin slowly and hesitantly raised her
black knee high dress up and over her head slowly revealing her taunt body to
the smiles of the others. 

She realized too late and greatly embarrassed now standing in only her lingerie
that the stakes, her dress for Deborah's, were too high.  The alcohol, her
desire to impress Katherine and also her pride to get her shoes back had cost
her not only clothes but also her dignity.

She was angry with herself for not insisting on betting only her bra like she
wanted to.  Even Katherine had goaded her into making the wager "worth while".

Erin fumed at the joking comments being made by the others as Pet giggled when
Deborah handed her dress to her and graciously thanked her.  She quickly put it
on and had asked Erin how she looked "being clothe". 

Katherine getting into joking spirit of humbling Erin introduced her to Maureen
"as she didn't look a pet anymore." 

"Oh thank you Katherine I must have forgotten my manners introducing two
equals," Deborah mockingly added to Katherine's comment; then looking Erin over
bare feet to her red hair had to add "well almost equals." 

Though the ribbing was meant in good nature Erin did not take it that way at
all.  In her mind she was humiliated and degraded and her only focus was getting
her clothes back from the brunette slut.

It was right after that comment the stewards came and increased her humiliation
by removing her chair.

Erin knelt humbled and embarrassed, refused to be talked into betting on the
next race.  Even the people in the adjoining boxes got into the act.  The wager
they were trying to get her to make was just too...too risky.  They wanted her
to bet Maureen.  Maureen would put the dress up, however Erin would have to bet
her bra.  Maureen insisted that was not enough and said if she won she would get
not only the bra but would "give" the scantily clad attorney her collar to wear.

Erin trying to save what modesty she still had refused to wager anything. 
Laughter erupted when the pony she picked came in first.  Her humiliation would
have been stopped but she didn't believe in her choice and everyone let her know
that and the obvious, she would have had her dress back.

She caved on the next race.  All the comments about her in only in her underwear
and being forced to kneel were getting to her.   She finished her third long
island ice tea and made her pick, number 4, a long legged brunette.  When the
race started it was obvious whom everyone wanted to win, pony number 8,
Maureen's pick.  The cheering started as soon as the pony's started.  It was the
most vocal the club members had been during the races so far.  She glanced and
smiled at Katherine, even though her client was cheering against her.  They
enjoyed watching someone humiliate themselves especially a new very attractive
female.

The race was close; Erin was jumping up and down cheering for all she was worth. 
It was for naught.  Her pony came in third, Maureen's first.  She slumped
against the box rail and hung her head, her shoulder length red-hair hiding the
tears welling up.

Hearing "you have something of mine," snapped her out of her despair.  Maureen
was holding her collar and leash in her hand and smiling broadly ear to ear. 
"Awww don't be a baby and cry" That comment from the woman wearing her clothes
stiffened her resolve.

She wiped her eyes and quickly undid the front snap and removed her black demi
push-up bra and tossed it at Maureen.  The oos and ahhs snatched her resolve and
courage.  She covered her breasts with her hands and bowed her head.  "Gee I'm
surprised you even have to wear a bra with those plums," Maureen said mocking
her actions.  Erin was beet red with embarrassment standing in only panties. 
She could not believe she had lost and voluntarily stripped off her clothes
exposing herself to strangers.  Worse this tramp was the new owner of her
coverings.

Maureen's comment was an exaggeration that was said only to hurt.  Erin had very
perky breasts that she was very proud of.  Though they were a b-cup on her slim
5 foot 4 inch frame they looked larger.  Maureen could not stop gloating. 

"There is no way this is going to fit me"  she stood ramrod straight thrusting
her full 36C breasts out.  She wanted to exaggerate the difference.  Erin watch
in silence as Maureen walked to a garbage can and threw her black bra in it. 
That was one article of clothing she had no hope of winning back.

Erin was tuned out to the comments being made.  She was lost in self-pity at her
humiliation.  If she had been listening she would have realized several people
were complimenting her on her figure and ability to follow through on her
commitment no matter how humiliating.

Maureen walked back and turned her to face the other spectators.  They all
smiled and started clapping, as the heavy black leather collar was buckled
snuggly around her thin neck.

She swallowed hard as she experienced her first taste of bondage.  It was much
worse than losing just her shoes, dress and bra.

The one comment she did hear loud and clear in was " Well this is quite a role
reversal. Look who the silly bimbo is now."  Tonya made it, an immaculately
dressed black woman sitting in the adjoining box she had been introduced to and
had overheard Erin's comments to Katherine about Maureen.

The black woman was striking in appearance but it was the white bald headed
female kneeling at her feet that had captured Erin's attention.  In addition to
being hairless the woman had a nose ring that touched her bottom lip and rings
in her nipples and also clitoris. In her bright blue eyes Erin saw only fear.




DANGEROUS WAGERS
PART TWO
INTERMISSION

Erin just stood there protecting her modesty by covering her breasts with her
hands, a collar around her neck, the leash dangled down to her black panties,
the last article of clothing she wore and owned.

Everyone stood to stretch and talk so she was very relieved she was no longer
the center of attention.  Katherine came over and told her not to be so ashamed
and just relax and try to have fun.  She had a wonderful figure and should be
proud of it. 

She added that even though Erin had lost some clothing and some of her dignity
she was proud of her following through and even though she respected and thought
highly of her before the respect had increased tremendously.  Her comments made
Erin feel more comfortable and put her at ease a bit.  She felt bold enough to
lower her hands.  Katherine was right she should be proud of her body.  More
than one person took a longing glance at the pert breasts and small hard
nipples.

Katherine excused herself to go talk to others leaving Erin alone.

"Let's go for a walk," Deborah said.  She and Maureen moved to exit their box.
Maureen turned and took the leash.  "Come along pet you can come to" 

"MY NAME IS ERIN I am NOT A PET, ESPECIALLY YOURS!" Erin hated this woman.  Who
did she think she was calling her that?  Erin's leash was sharply yanked and she
hurriedly moved to follow to keep from falling. She walked behind the two women
her hands balled into fists. As she noticed the looks from everybody she passed
she became self-conscious of her exposed breasts and covered them with her hands
again.

She did not yet realize how submissive she looked following obediently behind
two fully clothe woman and lead by a leash, barefoot and wearing only a pair of
panties.  By all appearances she was owned property.

Deborah stopped and talked to several people.  She introduced Maureen to
everyone and several comments made that they did not recognize her or they were
glad they could finally be introduced.  It bothered Erin she was not introduced
to anyone and other than being ogled by men and women was pretty much ignored.
She began to feel meaningless.

As they made their way to a tent Erin could not help notice the number of women
and men that had given up their freedom and were nothing but owned property. 
Every one of them was collared, some were naked and some where wearing more than
she was but all were being lead on a leash like an animal.  Her heart started
beating faster.  SHE LOOKED JUST LIKE THEM!

Deborah entered the tent while Maureen walked her over to 4 other females all
completely naked with collars.  Two had ball gags in their mouth.  They looked
ridiculous with a strap running between their eyes giving them a silly
cross-eyed look.  Erin was busy looking at the women and did not notice Maureen
remove a lock from a hook and put it on the end of her leash.  The click caused
her to turn.

With an evil grin Maureen said only one-word "STAY"

"You bitch unlock me!" Erin was pissed as she pulled the chain.  It was going
nowhere. 

Refusing to accept being treated like a piece of property any longer Erin
reached up to unbuckle the collar.  Maureen was ready for her and slapped a
handcuff around one wrist. "What the..." was all the reaction Erin could muster
before Maureen pulled her wrists down away from the collar and locked her other
wrist into the metal handcuffs behind her back.

"Oh no please don't do this to me." Erin begged realizing the extent of her
plight. "Please take them off please Maureen." 

Exuding superiority Maureen responded to the begging by telling Erin it is not
acceptable behavior to renege on a wager.  I am actually helping you by not
letting you humiliate yourself and Katherine by removing the collar before the
appropriate time and conditions.

Realizing the extent of just what she was stopped from doing Erin humbly thanked
Maureen and told her she would not take the collar off.  Katherine's stern
warning echoed through her mind.

I think you need to be punished for a bit PET.  So we'll just leave your
bracelets on till we get back to the booth.

Erin had never felt so naked and humiliated in her life. With her hands locked
behind her she had no way to cover her breasts.

Erin felt tears welling up in her eyes and a few rolled down her cheeks as
Maureen turned to the four other women and told them to keep an eye on HER
PROPERTY.

"Be a good pet and STAY" Maureen was laughing at her as she glared back.  She
turned and entered the tent leaving Erin chained with the other.........pets.

The other women just looked at her.  Who was she to get to wear panties and
speak.... so rudely to her owner.

Erin felt so helpless and humbled.  People walking by would comment and point at
her and the other...pets. Some made crude comments that humiliated her. Any
comfort she felt previously quickly disappeared at being tethered to the post.
The worst part continued to be she had no way to cover her breasts.

In her mind she kept fighting the reality.  The reality she was for all outward
appearances property owned by someone else.  She had no one to blame but
herself.  She did this to herself.  She had to get her clothes back. Get them
back and get even with that bitch Maureen.  She was left outside for what seemed
like an eternity but was only half an hour while clothe people got refreshments
in the tent.   She was tired of standing but stood the other...pets were
standing so she did.  She felt she blended in better and did not what to do
anything to bring any attention to her.

Lost in her thoughts of self-pity she did not notice the other four women slowly
move over next to her.  They all had the same thought.  Why should this red
headed bitch get to wear panties?

Erin was completely surprised when one of them grabbed the handcuff chain and
pulled it up causing her to bend forward to escape the pain in her shoulders.
Two others grabbed the sides of her panties and yanked them down.

Erin let out a scream at the suddenness of the slaves attack.  Instinctively she
closed her knees tight against each other to keep them from sliding her panties
completely down.

Leaning forward and fighting to keep her panties Erin lost her balance and fell
face first into the dirt her white behind uncovered for everyone to see.

The people standing and talking all turned to see what the commotion was. Taking
in the scene they all started to laugh as Erin locked her ankles to keep
ownership of her last article of clothing. The leash kept her from moving away
and it was only a matter of moments before she would be completely naked.

At that moment though two of the stewards came running over to stop the scuffle. 
They both had riding crops and one smack on the behind got the four women to
back away from Erin.  The four were verbally admonished for unacceptable
behavior and sternly told their owners would here about it.  With fear in their
downcast eyes they all lost their nerve to continue to strip the red headed
bitch.

Erin struggled to her feet and very conscious of the fact that her behind but
more humiliating her very neatly trimmed red bush was exposed tried to pull her
panties back up.  Her struggles only elicited laughter and crude comments from
her audience.

She did not quite have herself covered when Deborah and Maureen came over to
her.  The both started to laugh at her squirming and admonished her verbally in
front of everyone for causing trouble and "wanting to be completely naked."

Just when she thought her humiliation could not get any worse Maureen assisted
her in pulling her panties back up, way up into her crotch.  She pulled them
high on her hips and then bunched the seat into her crack to give the appearance
Erin had a thong on.

Erin protested but both women ignored her and roughly dusted her off my slapping
their hands on her breasts and body.

With the comment she should have learned her lessen Maureen freed her wrists.
What Erin did not see was Maureen turn to the four women and mouth the words
"thank you."

They walked back to the box, Maureen holding her leash talking happily to
Deborah. Erin having learned a lesson followed...followed meekly with her head
bowed, obedient and in silence left her panties improvised into a thong and
barefoot. Her mind intent on reversing her fortune and pay Maureen back for the
humiliation she was causing her.

Katherine was seated in the box and though noticing how Erin's panties had been
arranged thought better than to draw attention to the fact and just commented 
"Oh my Erin you should have put some lotion on."

Fair skinned the hour in the sun she had gotten sun burned standing locked in
the slave line. She would definitely feel it later especially on her breasts.




DANGEROUS WAGERS
PART THREE
HOW TO RUIN YOUR LIFE

Erin was determined to win her clothes back, end her humiliation and put the
bitch Maureen back in her place.  She was disappointed when no one was betting
on the first race after the intermission.  Like an addicted gambler Erin was
more conscious of needing to gamble and the up side than the fact she really had
little to wager.  As eager as she was to win she did not suggest it because she
did not want to appear too eager.

Katherine and Deborah had commented to each other how quiet she had become when
she had lost.  Her cockiness had disappeared.  Back kneeling Erin had to keep
her back straight and crane her neck to see over the rail and between the people
in the box in front.  With her hands folded demurely on her lap she did not know
it but was by accident in the same position every other pet had been trained to
assume.

Erin was watching the race and the next racers intently.  That she was left out
of the normal conversation Katherine, Deborah and Maureen were having did not
bother her as much.  Given her situation she thought it best to stay silent and
not draw attention to herself, which was what slaves always learned early on.
What she did notice though and it irked her to no end was Maureen was perfectly
accepted by the others even though she had arrived a naked collared pet.  She on
the other hand was being more and more ignored and left to herself.

When betting started on the next race she got excited but still did not offer to
wager.  She felt.... hesitant to ...speak and draw attention to herself. Was it
her place to offer?  Every other wager came up in the course of normal
conversation and good-natured ribbing which she was very aware of was no longer
a part of. Being ignored should she interrupt?

Deborah finally turned the conversation to her.

"Maureen don't you think you should give IT a chance to get even." It took her a
few seconds to realize the IT being referred to was her!

IT...IT... I am a person NOT A THING. Erin wanted to scream but kept her tongue.
All day long Deborah talked with her using her name, Erin.  Now she was just an
IT and was being talked at not with.  Erin had to win her respect back and if
she humiliated the bitch Maureen in the process, well that was icing on the
cake.

Finding some resolve Erin spoke unfortunately with too much of her old
arrogance;  "I think she is afraid Deborah.  She knows she got lucky and is on
borrowed time.  She is after all JUST YOUR property and not a REAL PERSON." 

Amused at Erin's returning arrogance Maureen crushed it quickly by stroking the
kneeling attorney's head like a dog's and saying "My dear pet.  It is not ME
that is property but YOU. Even someone as...air headed as you can see you lack
the clothes of a REAL PERSON but do wear the COLLAR of a SLAVE."

"MY NAME IS ERIN!" Erin angrily responded.  "I am NOT a pet and definitely not a
SLAVE!"

"Erin?  Mmmm that's not a fitting name for someone like you at all I think...."
Maureen gazed off as if deep in thought "Oh I know PERKY PET that is a name that
fits you.  Oh better yet," looking at Erin's glowing breasts "PERKY TITS."

Every one listening Katherine included giggled and snickered at Maureen's
humiliating game of thinking of a derogatory name for Erin. 

"Oh yes I do so like Perky Tits better than Perky Pet but they both are soooo
her" Deborah added. What do you think Katherine?

Seeing Tears welling up in her humiliated attorney's eyes touched Katherine but
the opportunity to join in the fun was just too much.  I think I like Perky Tits
better it sounds like a nice name for a pony girl."

Erin felt betrayed, the wink Katherine gave her told her she was joking but her
feelings and spirit were crushed anyway. Her shame at her new name caused Erin
to once again show some modesty and she covered her perky sunburned breasts.

Everyone around was enjoying the conversation immensely. Afraid that Erin would
refuse to wager goading Maureen into accepting the woman's offer to bet.  They
knew what ever happened they would enjoy the outcome.

Smiling Maureen said, "I have no problem betting you Perky Tits.  Erin steamed.
"But you well don't really have much to wager."

It hit Erin.  Her panties that was it.  If she lost she would be...completely
nude.  Nude in front of everyone.  She looked at Katherine.  Her friend just
smiled and shrugged.  It was her choice. She had to win. She agreed but when
Maureen offered only her shoes back she exclaimed it was not enough.  Maureen
had to put the dress up.  Erin could care less about shoes at this point. 

"My bare feet against your bare pussy seems fair to me."  Maureen mocked while
refusing Erin's desire for her dress to wager the dress; "My feet are so much
more important than your...pussy."

Erin tried to convince Maureen to increase her bet to be the dress to no avail. 
Maureen just sat there smug enjoying her dominant position.  She had the upper
hand and knew it.  Seeing the red head grovel was exciting to her to no end.

"Please, they are all I have left."  Erin's arguments had turned to begging. 
You have to put something of equal value up."

"No, Erin they aren't you have more, much more."  The horn sounded they had
missed the race.  Erin slumped.  She had missed the point that Maureen had used
her name.  She had nothing else, only panties then she would be... she couldn't
even think it anymore.

There were only three races to go.

Barely audible Erin asked Maureen what else could possible she have to bet. She
thought Maureen would have some pity on her.  "I have been... she hesitated to
say it...humiliated all afternoon, I have been a good sport and ... even let you
lead me around by the leash." 

"My leash ...not the leash" Maureen corrected her. "Your right my leash." Erin
glumly conceded it was her collar and her leash. Admitting it she hoped would
help Maureen take some pity on her.

"Tell you what I am not yet ready to bet the dress but I will bet MY shoes
against your panties and your collar.  If you win I'll give you the shoes AND
let you put the collar back on me. In addition I will kneel next to you rather
than sit. If I win though I want you to take you panties off and walk to the
trash can in front of the stands throw them in.  Then you will walk to the desk
in back and get a ball gag.  Bring it back and ask me to put it on you."

Katherine, Deborah and everyone within earshot were paying very close attention.
This was absolutely delicious.

Erin was stunned.  If she lost she would not only be naked and collared but also
... gagged.  She would be... be just like the others she stood by the tent with.  
She knelt dejected and hung her head in her hands.

"Make this wager and I promise to put MY dress up in one of the last two races. 
If you win your humiliation will be short lived.  Refuse and this is how you
stay till the day is done."  Erin shook her head agreeing.  There was no way she
could not go to the party after the races in just...........her thoughts trailed
off. 

The race was not even close.  Erin's pony fell on the second turn.  Not only did
Maureen's beat hers, she came in first.

Erin started to slide her panties off while kneeling. "No kneeling stand."  Erin
could not stop the tears.  She did what Maureen said. She stood naked.  Her
neatly trimmed puss available to everyone to see......and see they did as she
removed her panties. She tried to show some pride in her very public humiliation
but all it took was a few comments and she was defeated. She glumly walked
through the stands her leash bouncing against her uncovered mound and dropped
them in the trash.

All eyes were on her beaten form.  The gag they gave her was bright red and
somewhat spongy but the design was the same as the others she saw.

Tears ran down her cheeks, she wiped them away.  "Please will you put this on
me."

Maureen just shook her head. "Not quite PERKY TITS.  The wording is please will
you shove this gag in my mouth as I am a loud mouth fool that needs to be
silenced."

 Katherine gave both Deborah and Maureen disapproving looks.  This was going a
bit to far but before she could say anything Erin repeated the phrase.

Then again and again at Maureen's instructions till the phrasing and tone was
perfect. Perfect for a humbled beaten female.

Maureen was on top of the world while Erin, beautiful Erin, successful lawyer,
successful business woman full of confidence stood naked, gagged and collared in
front of over 100 people. 

She whimpered at her degradation. Degradation she brought on herself.  The
straps cupped her chin, framed her nose and head and buckled in back.  The ball
tasted of rubber.  Her mouth was stretched wide and Maureen compressed it a bit
to plop it in her mouth.  Erin just accepted her further humiliation with only
soft mews of protest.

There was no way Maureen was going to bet on the next to last race.  Should she
lose the stuck up woman's humiliation would end too quick.  It needed to last as
long as possible.

"Shall we wager one more time PERKY.  You know that is what you are Er.... gee I
don't even remember your old name.  Oh well PERKY TITS suits you.  You know PET, 
Maureen kept using the words to burn them into Erin's psyche.

You realize my silly little bimbo, yes I did hear your comments about me,  you
are more of a stupid slut than I was when I arrived.  At least I didn't have to
wear that ridiculous ball gag."  Erin just hung her head.  What could she do?

"This is the deal.  I'll change places with you even the gag and you get MY
clothes your clothes back.  If you lose and you may though you are due after
losing soooo badly all day you enter the auction."

Katherine started to speak but Deborah put her hand on hers.  She understood.

"MMMM" was all Erin could utter

"I am assuming you are asking what auction?  Tonight at the party individuals
put themselves up for auction to be bought by others for short periods of time. 
The individuals may be put up for auction by others."

Erin looked dejected because she was.  How far could this possible go.  Being in
a bra and panties in public was so humiliating just a few hours ago and now she
would do anything to be like that again.  Now... now she was...The thought hurt.

"Nothing and no one but yourself will make you wager your place in the auction. 
If you don't want to do it that is fine.  I'll go home fully dress and you well,
you will spend the entire evening completely naked gagged and collared. 
Humiliated."  Maureen spelled it all out. 

"After this, how much more humiliating can the auction really be."?  How could
she say that Erin thought? " But think of the upside.  Wouldn't you like to see
me in your situation.... MY silly PERKY TITS?"

That last part got to her.  She shook her head agreement.  Maureen wasn't going
to let her off so easy.  "If you agree bounce those perky little titties of
yours."  She did.  People were laughing.  She picked her pony off the program by
pointing with her nipple that Maureen pinched to get hard. 

She was jumping up and down it was all she could do to encourage her pick down
the stretch.  Her bouncing had more people watching her than the race.  She was
making a spectacle of herself.  Maureen cheered just as enthusiastically for her
pick.  Losing though didn't mean much to her. She got off being a sub but seeing
this cute stuck-up red head, a career woman, humiliate herself, degrade herself,
wager and lose her clothes, lose her dignity and possibly her freedom. Now that
was exciting.

Katherine had some regrets though she enjoyed seeing the straight-laced attorney
lose her clothes she thought Maureen was going a bit far.  Deborah had reminded
her Erin was an adult free to choose, free to wager what she wanted; everything
she did to humiliate herself she did on her own.  Katherine's biggest regret was
not mentioning to Erin just what a short period was. Time was relative. Oh well
she thought as they walked to the clubhouse for the party; Johnson, McMicheal
and Weber is a good firm and represented her very well.  Hopefully who ever buys
her won't be too mean.

Erin could only hang her head in complete and total defeat. She walked behind
the three happy chatting fully clothe woman with her tears rolling down her
cheeks dripping onto her breasts.  The river of tears started when Maureen
gleefully told her the short period of time was THREE MONTHS.

++++++++++++++++++++++

Three months later Bambi, that was the name she had gotten used to, the name
drilled into her to respond to; responding to the other name only got her
punished, was dropped off at her former condo.  Well it used to be her condo.
Her key didn't fit the lock. 

She had signed some papers at the auction but was so distraught she broke the
first rule of law never sign anything without reading it. All her possessions
had been liquidated.

 No rent for three months got her evicted.  The landlord had thrown everything
she owned in the dumpster.  The furniture he sold.  With no communication for
three months he assumed and so did the courts she had skipped town.

The police came and took the upset petite blonde away.  They assumed she was
some hooker high on drugs.  With her nose, eyebrows and lips pierced and heavy
make up their assumption was reasonable. 

Dressed in only a white skintight crop top and a black Lycra very mini skirt
that was all she could be.  As they struggled to get her handcuffed and in the
car both the top and skirt rode up giving her former neighbors good looks at her
cunt.  That is what it was now.  Women had pussies, and what she had experienced
no real woman would.

No one helped her.  No one could possible believe the foul mouth tramp arguing
and fighting with the police was Erin.  The resemblance was not there. More than
one remembered Erin did not have a large bust.  This whore had at least 36DDs.
As they bent her over to shove her into the squad car the crowd that had
gathered got a good look at the two tattoos the whore wore on her ass cheeks.
One said Bambi the other PERKY TITS.

She had no identification and out of habit gave her name first as Bambi then
changed it to Erin Brecken to the officer booking her for disorderly conduct,
resisting arrest and for good measure prostitution.  The officer had a sense of
humor they dealt with these kinds of idiots all the time and put it down as
Bambi Doe.
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

She went before the judge alone wearing only an orange jail jumpsuit.  The
people she shared the booking cell with had taken her clothes. Then she was
forced to do what she now did best, get on her knees and crawl from female to
female and used her tongue.

She was petite and stacked and several females fought over her. After only two
days she was back to being owned.

When her 90 days were up she was released but had nowhere to go and figured she
would just prostitute herself for a bed and a meal. They gave her a dirty white
t-shirt and denim shorts to wear along with a beat up pair of mules but no
underwear.

She was surprised to see a familiar face waiting for her.  She had not seen her
since her training and degradation. She would come to watch her be put through
her paces of bondage and gang bangs.  She was even there when she was given to
the dogs.  She was a familiar face though and she was happy someone was there
for her.  She resented this woman but not as much as some of the other doms and
dommes.   Mistress Maureen was nowhere near as mean as her owner Mistress Tonya. 

She got in the car with Maureen and just sat there as the handcuffs were put on
her.  What else could she do?  This was her life.

The End.

Comments can be made to me at blairbrek@yahoo.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  blairbrek


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





