BDSM Library - Bound for Trouble




Bound for Trouble
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She and her husband enjoyed their bondage fantasy very much. But her obsession with self-bondage was found out by her girlfriend. Later she was kidnapped by two guys. Seems everything was wrong. Or maybe everything was just going the way she liked most!
Bound for Trouble
by Gromet 
 



Bound for Trouble 1
by Gromet 
 

It was Monday morning and my husband was preparing for a business trip 
away interstate, he'd be away for the week returning on Friday afternoon. 
We'd spent the weekend tying each other up and exploring each other's body 
with our mouths and to our great delight we had enjoyed several orgasms 
each over the weekend, finding new and different ways of binding each 
other. Now Monday morning beckoned and as he prepared himself I busied 
myself in the kitchen with breakfast and after a hurried meal he left for 
the airport promising that we would have a very special time next weekend 
as it was the anniversary of our first bondage session over 3 years ago. 
He said that he would make all the arrangements for next weekend and would 
surprise me when he returned next Friday, he'd call me during the week to 
let me know how he was going but would definitely be back for the 
anniversary. I saw him off waving from the front door as he pulled away in 
the car and closed the door thinking about what I could get up to while he 
was away! Spoil myself shopping, dine out with friends and maybe a little 
time self tied in bondage, mmm my favorite as delightful little shivers 
went down my spine at the thought. I'd been tying myself up since I was a 
young girl, I enjoyed the feeling of helplessness that it brought and my 
mind drifted off into fantasy everytime I was bound nice and tight. 
The week seemed to go slow as I tried to occupy myself with my time, going 
to lots of different shops & buying some very sexy underwear, dinning out 
with girlfriends and catching up on all the latest gossip but it all paled 
against my desire to spend some time bound up tightly by my own hand. By 
Wednesday I gave in to my needs and began planning for my session, getting 
ice cubes ready with little bits of string through them and preparing 
ropes etc. for use later on in the day. I moved around the house placing 
keys in various locations for retrieval later on while tied up. Next I 
returned to the bedroom to choose which clothes to wear, what lucky piece 
of underwear would grace my body. 
After trying on several combinations of lingerie I chose to wear a red 
corset that was lightly boned to hold me in, combined with red stocking & 
red latex g-string. The reflection from the mirror of my image dressed 
like this looked stunning, my body held tightly by the corset accentuating 
my curves and the latex g-string separating my pussy lips as it cut 
through my crotch. The thought of me bound tightly in this outfit was 
making me very hot! Leaving the bedroom to retrieve the ice cubes which 
now were firmly frozen holding the string in their icy grasp I walked 
through the rest of the house making sure that everything was locked 
tight, as I would be too soon! Checking the keys to my release were where 
I placed them I headed upstairs to the bedroom. 
Getting the ropes, gag, blindfold and cuffs out of our play box, where we 
keep all our bondage items, I returned to the bed to start tying myself up 
for the afternoon. 
Firstly I bound my ankles tightly with several loops of rope cinched in 
the middle and tied off making it secure, then I attached a chain that was 
fixed to the bottom of the bed with a small lock, the key attached to the 
string frozen in ice. Next I placed the gag firmly in my mouth and 
fastened this behind my head with another small lock, the keys somewhere 
downstairs in the house. Now came the fun part I now picked up my 
butterfly vibrator and held it next to my moist hole covering my little 
nub and strapped it around my hips & crotch, holding it firmly in place 
and switched on the control as it began buzzing against my sex. 
Laying down on the bed I prepared the chain attached to the top of the bed 
putting another small lock through a ring but not closing it as yet, then 
after putting on the handcuffs on my left wrist I picked up the blindfold 
and placed it over my eyes, this too was secured with a small lock, the 
key also somewhere downstairs. I would have to hunt down the keys gagged & 
blindfolded and to make it harder I'd placed several other keys around the 
house as dummies that would not open the locks. Now that the blindfold was 
securely locked into place I reached up with my hands and placed the 
handcuff chain in the small lock and closed the clasp shut. Then placing 
my right wrist into the cuff I closed it around it fixing me in place on 
the bed. 
My body gripped tightly by the corset, firmly held by the bonds I could 
only lay there enjoying the sensations that the vibrator was causing until 
I could eventually get free when the ice melted and the keys fall to 
within my grasp. As a safety back up measure I had telephoned a friend to 
call me back after 3 hours to come over for a meal, she did not know about 
my little bondage adventures and my using her as a safety backup, but she 
was a reliable friend who I could count on to call as arranged. But today 
was going to be different! 
As I lay there gently rocking my crotch against the vibrator, allowing the 
pleasant sensations to well up through my bound body, my pussy getting 
hotter and wetter as the afternoon wore on. I struggled and pulled at my 
self-applied bondage as I drifted between fantasies as a love toy in a 
sultan's harem to being interrogated by an evil, cruel mistress and 
tortured by pleasure. After a couple of intense orgasms I began to think 
about getting released, my arms were getting sore from being held tightly 
above my head and the corset was squeezing my now full bladder. I looked 
up at the ice to see that it had nearly melted and my freedom was not far 
away, but as I watched the ice cube melt it suddenly dropped back into the 
glass taking the keys with it and my only chance of escape! 
Now panic started to set in with my mind reeling at the thought that I may 
remain bound here until my husband returns on Friday, two whole days away! 
I struggled with the chains but could not free myself when I heard the 
telephone ringing, it was my girlfriend to check if it was still okay to 
come to dinner tonight, all she got to hear was my answering machine 
asking her to leave a message. She said she'd call back later when I was 
in and hung up, "No" I mumphed into my gag I wanted her here and right now 
to release me. But all I could do was lay there bound, gagged & 
blindfolded as the vibrator kept gently buzzing between my legs. 
After two more hours of this I heard a car pull up outside the house, 
footsteps then approaching the house up the pathway and the ringing of the 
doorbell. It rang several times before I heard the person walk back down 
the path to their car. But the engine didn't start and they walked back up 
the path to the front door, next I heard the door opening and my 
girlfriend calling out my name. She closed the door behind her and walked 
into the front room looking for me, I heard her moving about downstairs 
and then head up the stairs, getting closer to my bedroom, where I was 
tightly bound on the bed, I was about to be discovered in my self bondage 
adventure gone wrong! 
As the bedroom door creaked slowly open my friend's head looked around the 
door and into the room, as her eyes adjusted to the light she caught sight 
of me lying on the bed, at first see could not see my bonds but after 
turning on the light she was shocked to see me there tightly bound and 
rushed over to the bed to release me. 
She tried to remove the blindfold and then the gag but was frustrated by 
the locks that I had placed on them, then she looked at my arms held above 
my head and saw the locks applied there also, she then asked if I had done 
this to myself, I nodded weakly as my face went bright red, embarrassed at 
being found out. She then asked where the keys were and I pointed upwards 
with my finger and she saw the string attached to the ceiling and then 
retrieved the keys to begin unlocking my arms and legs. She helped me 
stand up and I pointed in the direction of the stairs. 
She then lead me downstairs and after a few false attempts I was able to 
remove the gag & blindfold, I then quickly rushed back upstairs to relieve 
my aching bladder and put on a robe over my sexy underwear. Once covered 
up I tried to regain my composure and walked back downstairs to where my 
friend was sitting.  
Over a glass of wine I began to explain my obsession with self-bondage and 
told her of some of the times I had tied myself up, how I had used her as 
a safety backup when my husband was away. She took all this in and her 
eyes were aglow when I described how it felt for me being so totally 
helpless and the feelings that the vibrator brought out. She seemed very 
interested in that part. 
Over dinner we talked about a variety of topics, gossiped about friends, 
new clothes but the subject turned back to bondage, she said that she'd 
wanted to try out some bondage but had never been brave enough or had the 
right partner who she could trust to try it out. I took the hint and after 
she'd discovered me in my self applied bondage I held no secrets about my 
particular fetish. I said that if she wanted too I would tie her up and 
allow her to experience the sensations that being tightly bound and 
helpless brings out of you. She seemed very eager to start and got up from 
the table and headed towards my bedroom, I followed behind beginning to 
relish having a bound captive to practice on. 
Once in the bedroom I asked her how she wanted to be tied, and she said 
that she would like to try out how she'd found me. I took off my robe and 
turning around asked her to undo the lacing that held my corset in place, 
she began to loosen them and soon after the corset was on the floor. I 
picked it up and held it up to her telling her to put it on, seeming a 
little stunned I then told her it was part of the experience and she began 
to get undressed. After enclosing her body in the tight embrace of the 
corset I then asked her to lie down on the bed, stretching out her body as 
she did so. I then bound her ankles and secured them with the lock, 
placing the vibrator over her sex I fastened the straps that held it in 
place and renewed the batteries. 
Now I took hold of her head and placed the gag into her mouth, allowing 
her time to get used to the feel of it before locking it behind her head. 
Next came the blindfold and thereafter I took her arms and held them above 
her as I locked the handcuffs around her wrists, securing these with the 
chain she was now securely held down to the bed and the vibrator was 
switched on. 
I left her bound to the bed gently wriggling against the ties that held 
her to the bed, her sex moving as the vibrator began to cast it's magic 
spell on her captive body. Giving her an hour in bondage as an 
introduction she thanked me as I removed the gag and the rest of the items 
that held her, she said that it was now my turn to be tied as she wanted 
to try tying someone else up. I eagerly agreed to this and we spent most 
of the night tying each other up before falling exhaustedly to sleep in 
each others arms, the long night had taking it's toll as we had both 
experienced several orgasms whilst bound at each others hand. 
The next morning after breakfast my friend left saying that she'd enjoyed 
finding me bound to the bed and being bound herself, she would go home and 
ask her lover if he'd tie her up and use her for his pleasure tonight. She 
also said that any time I wanted to be tied to give her a call or better 
still call and let her know when I was going to tie myself up again and 
she would call around a few hours later to attend to me, giving me a wink 
and a wicked grin she left to explore her new world. 
All I wanted now was to relax in a nice hot bath and think about the 
coming weekend and the promise of a surprise that my husband had made 
before leaving on Monday. 
What had he planned for me?  
What delights awaited me? 
To be continued in Part 2 




Bound for Trouble 2
by Gromet 
 

Now Friday had finally arrived I was eagerly awaiting my husbands return 
from his trip away, he'd promised before he left on Monday that this 
weekend would have a special surprise to celebrate our bondage 
anniversary. I had spent Thursday shopping for some nice lingerie to wear 
for the coming weekend, visiting several stores before buying a couple of 
nice outfits, this morning was spent at the hairdresser and buying some 
last minute items that I'd thought we could use during our play sessions. 
He'd rung from the airport saying that his flight would be leaving in 
about half an hour and he'd be home just after seven. 
Now the clock was approaching five and it was time for me to start getting 
myself ready, after having a nice soak in the bath relaxing in the aroma 
of the scented oils that I had used, I began drying myself off looking at 
my body in the full length mirror, not a bad looking body I thought to 
myself, my breasts still pert although at 28 they still defied gravity. 
Now I began to apply my make up, not too much just enough to highlight 
areas of my face and adding some blusher between my breasts decided that 
was good enough.  
Now to get myself dressed in my new sexy lingerie, picking up the flimsy 
items from the bed I placed my legs into the silky teddy and pulled it up 
over my body, delighting in it's smooth feel against my skin. 
As I pulled the straps over my shoulders I saw in the mirror that the lace 
down the front of the teddy displayed my cleavage at it's best, I was 
really pleased with this purchase and I began to wonder what my partners 
reaction would be to seeing me dressed in this. Sitting on the bed I 
placed my toe's into the fine mesh stockings that I'd bought to go with 
this outfit, they where self supporting and the elastic tops gripped 
against the flesh of my thighs, now dressed in my new outfit I picked out 
the items needed to present myself to him on his return, a little self 
bondage package waiting for it's owner. 
The ropes were laid out on the bed along with the gag & blindfold, next I 
placed my new items on the bed a new white leather collar and some silk 
ribbon. Placing the collar around my neck I secured it from behind with a 
new heart shaped lock that I'd bought with the collar, looking at myself 
in the mirror I started to get a nice warm glow spread out from between my 
legs. Picking up some rope I started to bind my ankles & feet, looping the 
rope around my ankles before cinching the rope between my legs and finally 
tying the loose ends about my feet. Mmm! The rope felt nice & tight as I 
tried to move my feet against the rope, next came my knees again the rope 
was looped around my legs before cinching it through my legs and 
tightening the rope against my stocking covered flesh. 
Placing some rope around my waist pulling it as tight as I could stand, I 
tied off the ends before threading the loose ends through my legs and back 
out the back to the rope around my waist and finishing there by tying it 
tightly, pulling the rope against my crotch as tight as I could. Now was 
the time to apply the silk ribbon around my body, I wanted to look like a 
present for him to open, the ribbon went around my waist and I tied this 
off in front with a large bow. Next came the gag, pushed firmly into my 
mouth and filling it with it's leather penis I clamped my mouth against 
the protrusion as I worked the straps up & around my head, but before 
closing I had to put on my blindfold as I wanted the blindfold straps to 
be covered with the one's from the gag, making it more secure. 
Once the blindfold was in place and firmly padlocked behind my head I 
began to secure the gag's straps about my head, first locking the straps 
behind my head and then on top of my head, all with small locks the keys 
contained within a small envelope on the bedside table. Now to finish 
myself off all I had to do was secure my hands in front with cuffs placed 
through the rope around my waist, this could also double my pleasure as I 
could tug on the rope through my crotch and rub against my sex. Now firmly 
secure within my self imposed bonds I lay there on the bed to await his 
return my thoughts drifting off into the surprise that awaited me tonight, 
what had he planned for this weekend? 
After what seemed like two hours, I was just approaching my second climax 
when I heard the bedroom door open, I must have been too engrossed in my 
bondage fantasy to notice his return as I lay there wriggling my bound 
body, bringing my mind back into focus I heard first one set of footsteps 
then a second, this wasn't my husband, unless he'd brought a friend to use 
me too!  "Who is it?" I mumphed through the gag, the sound covered by the 
leather within my mouth, but they didn't make a sound other than their 
footsteps approaching the bed, I could only lay there as they looked over 
my body and then a hand touched my leg moving up towards my thigh, my skin 
jumped at the touch, shivers raced up my spine as the hand quietly worked 
it's way up to my crotch. 
Now another set of hands began touching my bound body running over my 
breasts and down to my tummy, then they both climbed onto the bed and 
started checking my bonds, tightening them and applying more rope around 
my arms securing them to the sides of my body. Once tightly tied they 
began to speak to each other, who were they I could not recognize their 
voices and I began to panic, struggling against my now tighter bondage, 
but could not break free as they began laughing at my futile attempts to 
escape. They both picked me up off of the bed and carried me into the 
middle of the room, standing me upright on my feet they again checked my 
ropes making sure I was secure, then I heard a rustle from behind and the 
smell of cloth as a sack was placed over my head, quickly they worked the 
sack over my body enclosing it within. 
Again I was lifted and they laid me down on the floor as the sack was 
brought over my feet to totally capture my body inside. The sack was tied 
at the end locking me inside its stifling confines. I was then picked up 
and carried from the room and down the stairs outside to their car, 
placing my bound, enclosed body within the boot they closed the lid 
securing me inside their car. I was being kidnapped, where were they 
taking me? And who were they? What are they going to do with me? 
Continued next chapter.... 




Bound for Trouble 3
by Gromet 
 

I had tied myself up as a surprise present for my husband to find on his 
return home from his week away, he'd promised me a special weekend 
surprise to celebrate our bondage anniversary. I had dressed myself 
specially for the occasion with some new lingerie, a silk & lace front 
teddy that felt so good against my skin, tying my legs nice and tight, 
cinching the rope against my flesh, the blindfold held in place by the 
harness straps of the gag that ran over and around my head. A crotch rope 
was held tight against my pussy, which then ran around my waist holding 
the cuffs against my tummy. To finish off my presentation for my husband I 
had tied a large ribbon in a bow around my waist, a special present 
waiting to be unwrapped and played with. 
As I laid there drifting off into my fantasies, tugging with my wrists at 
the crotch rope, sending delightful sensations from the center of my body, 
I heard someone enter my bedroom, first one set of footsteps then two, who 
were they and what did they want? They quickly went about tying me tighter 
than I was before, adding ropes to hold my arms at my side, they stood me 
up off the bed and placed my bound body into a sack, enclosing me inside 
and tying some rope around the end to prevent my escape. Next I was 
carried out to their car and dumped into the boot, they then closed the 
lid and drove off with me, kidnapped! 
My mind began racing with possibilities as to what they were going to do 
with me, they ranged from being used by them both for their own desires, 
to being sold as a sex slave in some foreign country, my body was getting 
hotter as my mind raced with all the possible scenarios. As they drove 
along I could feel every lump and bump in the road, they stopped a couple 
of times, the second time for what seemed like hours. As they restarted 
their journey they opened the boot and dropped several parcels on top of 
me lying in the boot, each one seemed heavier than the last, they laughed 
as they closed the boot and I heard them remark that this weekend trip was 
going to be great! 
They drove on for several hours before the car turned onto a dirt road, I 
was bounced about within the boot as they picked up speed the smell of 
dust filling the boot, the parcels and me hitting each other as they 
seemed to pick every pot hole in the road. Finally the car came to a halt 
and they both got out of the car, I heard their footsteps as they walked 
away and up what seemed like wooden steps. As I lay their trapped within 
the car boot, tightly bound in the sack, my self bondage digging into my 
skin my thoughts turned to my husband, what will he do when he finds I'm 
gone, will he ever find me again? 
The boot was suddenly opened and I was picked up and carried from the car, 
they carried me a short distance into a building, the sound of birds 
diminishing as they took me inside. They then dumped me onto the floor as 
they went back outside to the car they closed and locked the door to the 
building. As I lay there I could hear sounds of them talking outside as 
they carried items from the car, but other than that I could hear no other 
people, I thought that this place must be somewhere isolated, no traffic 
sounds just the soft call of the birds outside. I wriggled about in my 
sack on the floor; it felt like I was lying on dirt, the gritty feel 
rubbing against my skin. 
The door opened and the footsteps approached my captive body, picking me 
up they released me from the sack, one of them then placed a hood over my 
head saying that he didn't want to see my face as they used me. I was then 
picked up and carried a short distance and held against a post, one of 
them held me whilst the other ran ropes about my body to hold me against 
the post. When I was secured against the wooden post they ran their hands 
over my body, commenting on how I felt, how I looked, their fingers 
probing my sex and squeezing my nipples hard. I was slapped about the face 
and body several times as I whimpered into my gag at their touch, they 
told me to remain quiet and not to protest at their touch, otherwise it 
would be worse for me...! 
The next day they both came in and untied my body from the post, I was 
picked up bodily by them both and carried a short distance inside the 
building, then I was placed on to a board, the ropes were cut from my legs 
and then they forced them apart, binding each ankle to ropes attached to 
the board. The crotch rope was next to be cut, releasing my cuffed wrists 
my arms grabbed roughly and held above my head to be secured there with 
more rope fixed to the board. Now they again started to play with my bound 
and spread-eagled body, their hands touching me everywhere fingers 
entering my hole and probing within its soft folds of flesh. My teddy was 
ripped off of my body as one of the men climbed onto the board, I felt the 
closeness of his body as he lay down on top of me, then I felt his erect 
member touching the outer lips of my pussy and after a couple of thrusts 
enter within my sweet delight. 
He took his pleasure of me grunting his climax within my moist sex, as I 
felt the other one climb onto the board next to him. The first one climbed 
off of me to be quickly replaced by the second; pushing himself into my 
pussy he took longer than the first and seemed to delight in trying to 
make me come. Grinding his pubis against mine, squashing my tiny nub with 
his pelvic bone, rubbing against it causing waves of pleasure throughout 
my body, which was now beginning to betray me. Used by them both my 
pleasure becoming heightened as he continued to push his penis within my 
sex, I shouldn't be enjoying this I thought as he continued pumping away, 
kidnapped and raped by these men I should be screaming not enjoying being 
used like this, but fact and fantasy seemed to have come together at last 
and my body was starting to enjoy their actions. 
He seemed to sense my approaching orgasm and stopped moving within me, 
only starting again when he thought that I had calmed down enough to 
continue. He brought me within reach several times before finally allowing 
me to reach my climax as he pumped his sperm within me. I lay there 
exhausted after being used by him, but the other man was ready to go again 
and climbed onto me and began taking his pleasure again. They took it in 
turns to continuously use my bound body bringing me to climax several 
times, filling me with their fluids as they spent themselves within me. 
They then left me bound to the board as I heard them leave and lock the 
door behind them; I lay there thinking about what had happened to me so 
far, what would they do next? How could I escape? 
After a couple of hours they came back to me, untying the ropes that held 
me to the board, they removed the hood, gag and blindfold, I looked around 
at my surroundings, both men were wearing latex hoods that covered their 
faces. I was taken over into a corner of what appeared to me now like a 
barn; there I was allowed to relieve myself into a bucket. Given some 
water by one of the men I was then taken back to the center of the barn 
where the other man had placed a wooden trestle, I was then forced to lay 
face down on top of it as they bound my wrists and ankles to the four legs 
of the trestle. A leather collar was secured around my neck forcing my 
head to look forwards and upwards away from my body, rope was threaded 
through a ring attached to the collar and tied to around the trestle, more 
rope was used to secure my body to the trestle holding me firmly in place 
against the top of the trestle. 
One of the men then moved around in front of me and firmly pushed a gag 
within my mouth, this gag was different to one's I'd used on myself, it 
had a hole that held my mouth open, its plastic coated metal forcing me to 
keep my mouth open. I bit down on it trying to close it but was unable to 
and resigned myself to my fate. 
Both men them positioned themselves around me, their hands again running 
over my bound body, probing me, pinching and slapping my flesh, then a 
finger moved away from my pussy and approached my anus, it held there just 
outside as lubricant was applied before entering my private & virgin hole. 
It moved about within me and was soon joined by another finger as he poked 
and probed within me, more lube was squirted up into me as he stretched my 
flesh, preparing me for what was going to come next. 
All the while the other man was moving around in front of me, his erection 
standing proudly before my eyes, I swallowed with fear, as my mouth seemed 
to dry up at the thought of this entering my mouth. My mind quickly 
darting between the actions happening at my rear to the spectacle before 
me as his penis edged closer to my open mouth. They must have signaled to 
each other as they both pushed themselves within me at the same time, 
synchronizing there actions as they push their erect members within me, 
their rhythm maintained as they pumped me. I lay there bound to the 
trestle unable to move, my head held firmly in place with the collar and 
his hand either side of my face as he pushed his penis in my mouth. 
The other was pumping away behind me probing the interior of my bottom, 
again my body started to betray me as pleasant sensations began to wash 
over me and my tongue went into automatic response and started to caress 
the intruder in my mouth. I had never had anyone enter me in my private 
hole before, believing it to be dirty and painful, my husband had tried a 
couple of times but I had tensed up too much to enjoy it, we both ended up 
not enjoying it as we might have. Now I had no choice in the matter, bound 
and taken against my will all I could do was lay here and let it happen to 
me, the sensations building up within me. 
They both came close to one another, first the one up my tight arse then 
the one in my mouth, tasting his sperm as it dribbled out of my gagged 
mouth, unable to swallow if I could due to the gag holding my mouth open 
wide. They both got dressed and moved around the barn, I followed the guy 
who'd used my mouth, out of the corner of my eye I could see him approach 
a video camera, turning it off and saying to the other that they should 
have some great shots this time. My mind raced with images of me appearing 
on TV's all around the country, then my thoughts turned to what would they 
do next?  
Then my worst fears came over me as they left the barn, locking the door 
behind them, what if this was one of those snuff movies that you hear 
about, would my body be found buried in some shallow grave. 
To be continued... 




Bound for Trouble 4
by Gromet 
 

After having been bound to the trestle and used for their pleasure, they 
left me tied down to it and left the barn, locking the door as they left. 
Having discovered that they were taping this on video my mind raced at the 
possibilities of what could happen next, kidnapped away from my home and 
taken to some isolated farm away from the rest of the world, they could do 
what they wished with me and no one could stop them. My only hope seemed 
to lie in escape but every time they left me I was securely bound to 
something within the barn, the door was always locked from the outside, my 
plight seemed hopeless. 
Now the door opened and three people walk into the barn, closing the door 
behind them, barring my escape as they walk over to my bound form firmly 
attached to the trestle. Again they are wearing masks as one prepares the 
camera the other two begin to untie me, loosening the ropes that hold my 
sore limbs and standing me upright, again fed water and allowed to pee 
into the bucket they both laugh as I squat there using the bucket.  
Next they both grab hold of me either side and march me over to one side 
of the barn, against the wall is two timber beams crossed at an angle with 
straps attached at the top & bottom. My back was pushed roughly against 
the beams and my arms held above my head as they secured the straps about 
my wrists, next they spread my legs and attached the straps around my 
ankles. 
More straps held my arms & legs firmly in place as I was helplessly 
spread-eagled on the cross beams, stretched out for all to see & use, I 
was now defenseless to whatever they wanted to do to me. Both men then 
stood back as the third approached me, holding a riding crop in his hand 
and whacking it against it's other gloved hand. Smaller than the other two 
as he approached he began to talk, saying that I was trapped and helpless 
against whatever they wanted to do to me, but the voice was female!  
As she got closer I could smell her perfume mixed in with the leather that 
she was wearing, now she was standing before me I could see the curves in 
her body, the soft bulge of her breasts. 
Her gloved hands began to explore my bound body, her touch soft and 
enticing sending shivers down my spine and goose bumps over my flesh. She 
ran her hands over my breasts and down to my moist pussy, feeling the soft 
folds of my lips with her fingers she pushed them into me, causing me to 
gasp as she continued to push them deeper within me. Touching areas within 
me that no man had touched before her expert fingers brought me close to 
orgasm, sensing this she stopped several times and would not allow me to 
reach climax, building up the pressure within my body to fever pitch. She 
then stopped and withdrew her gloved fingers, holding them up to her nose 
she sniffed at my love juices that lingered on them, her tongue reaching 
out to sample the taste. 
She picked up the riding crop that she'd held previously and brought it 
down against my left breast, sharp pains ran throughout my body as she 
continued to rain down blows upon my breast, she then started on my other 
and alternated between to two. Moving down from there she placed a couple 
of hits on my tummy before moving down to between my thighs, again 
alternating between each thigh every blow was either slightly higher or 
lower than the last. Then she moved her hand around and began to rain 
blows onto the moist lips of my pussy, at first the pain was shocking to 
my body but as she continued they began to send waves of warm pleasure up 
through my body. 
The pain was not sharp any longer but deliberate and timed hits that were 
just this side of pain and pleasure, my body shaking against the beams, my 
limbs straining against the straps that held them, she was expertly aiming 
her blows against my sex bringing me closer to climax, holding off then 
restarting when she thought it safe to do so, finally allowing me to come 
in an earth shattering orgasm, my body tightening against my bonds, my 
muscles tensing everywhere as they joined in for the climax, she pushed 
her fingers deep within me as I came and continued to push me along in my 
orgasm, seeming to extend the time spent in final climax, I shuddered 
again as wave after wave ran throughout my entire body.  
Finally I stopped and just dropped within my straps, holding there as my 
body went limp my head rolling from side to side as the aftershocks took 
hold. 
When I came to from the climax, I looked around and saw the three of them 
looking at me, next I saw the video cameras that they'd used to film me, 
whilst she had used my bound body. I was left hanging there as they went 
about checking the cameras and putting things away, moving the trestle 
that had held me previously. Then one of the two men approached me, using 
his fingers he probed my now very wet pussy and placed the wet finger into 
his mouth, tasting my juices. His other hand then reached up and removed 
his mask, it was my husband! He said he always liked my taste, especially 
after I'd come, he hoped that I'd enjoyed the surprise and called for the 
others to come closer and remove their masks. 
It was our dear friends, this must be their farm although I'd never seen 
the inside of the barn on previous visits, he began explaining how he'd 
planned this with our friends help, they willingly agreed to help out. The 
video was a keepsake to remind everyone of this weekend, and then he asked 
me if I'd enjoyed it. I told him it was one of my wildest fantasies to be 
taken and used this way, how'd he know? 
He explained that when he first thought of the idea he'd approached our 
friends and she'd said about this fantasy of mine, sometimes women reveal 
too much when talking to other women! She smiled at me and said she'd 
enjoyed using me like this and hoped to do it again soon. 
I asked what was going to happen now; my husband said that was all they 
had planned for me. But that's not how my fantasy ends I told him, he 
asked me what would I like to happen next, I told him to continue to use 
me as a sex slave as before and Jill my friend should know the rest, she 
nodded with a smile and a wink of her eye as she left the barn. I was then 
untied from the cross beams and lead over to a corner of the barn where a 
collar was locked around my neck, a chain was also locked in place and the 
other end was secured to the wall. Next my feet were shackled together as 
well as my wrists; a chain ran between them all allowing only minimal 
movement. A gag was forced into my mouth and fastened behind my head with 
a small lock, a slap on my behind from my husband as he left me here for 
the night, the door locked behind them from the outside. 
They left me bound for the night as they went into the house to enjoy 
dinner and the delights of the hostess for the rest of the evening. 
To be continued. 




Bound for Trouble 5
by Gromet 
 

Left in the barn overnight by my husband and our friends, a leather collar 
fixed in place around my neck with a chain attached the other end secured 
to the wall, my hands & feet securely shackled and a large ball gag filled 
my mouth. They had kidnapped me as an anniversary surprise and used my 
bound body for their own pleasures and mine! They had taped the whole 
episode on video and I was eager to see the result, but for now I had 
asked them to continue using me as a sex slave. 
After being fed scraps of food for breakfast and allowed to relieve myself 
I was taken out of the barn by Jenny, she took me by the chain attached to 
the collar around my neck and lead me outside, falling over in the dirt 
several times as she dragged me along, the shackles causing me to trip 
over. She led me over to a large tree away from the house and barn, she 
attached a rope to the shackles on my wrists and threw the other end over 
a branch of the tree and pulled the rope taught, my feet were barely 
touching the ground as she tied the rope off to the tree. She placed a 
spreader bar between the shackles on my ankles causing my feet to leave 
the ground; I was left hanging by my wrists as she headed back to the 
barn. 
The strain on my arms was tremendous as I was stretched to my limits, 
unable to place my feet on the ground, the muscles in my arms were 
complaining sending sharp pains to my brain. Jenny returned with a hose in 
her hand, she turned on the nozzle and sprayed icy cold water over my 
bound, hanging body; I was unable to escape the jets of water and had to 
endure the water torture. She hosed my body all over as the slight breeze 
caused my body to react; my skin was covered in goose bumps, my nipples 
stood out loud & proud. She closed off the water and went into the house 
leaving me shivering whilst hanging there from the tree branch. 
She returned after about half an hour and began to run her hands over my 
body, her touch sending shivers throughout my body as I felt her soft 
touch, her hands worked there way towards my pleasure center which was 
rapidly becoming wetter as she continued playing with my body. She brought 
me closer & closer to orgasm as she seemed to delight in my body's 
reaction to her touch, her mouth began to caress my breasts running her 
tongue over my erect nipples making them rise even more. Her hands played 
between my legs sending waves of delight throughout my body, her moist 
warm lips working at my nipples as I rushed towards my climax. She sensed 
my impending orgasm and stopped just before I could finish. 
Jenny stepped back and looked me in the eye, a smile spread across her 
mouth as she surveyed my bound body hanging from the tree. She placed her 
hand into her pocket and brought out two clips, she stepped forward and 
took great delight in placing them onto each nipple, and they closed 
around my tender flesh sending a sharp pain from their grasp. She placed a 
small chain between the two clamps and pulled sharply downwards sending 
even more pain throughout my body. Jenny seemed to be enjoying seeing me 
struggle against what she was doing to me, it was supposed to be a game 
but she seemed to be taking it to extremes. 
She walked over to a small sapling branch laying on the ground, picking it 
up she returned to my bound body and raising her hand brought down the 
branch down against my flesh, she continued to beat me with it working the 
branch over my body each time hitting somewhere fresh & new. After the 
first few strokes the pain started to subside and turned towards being 
more pleasurable than painful, my body began to warm to the touch as 
stroke after stroke hit me. She worked her way around to the back of my 
body and worked her way down my back towards my two round buns, she seemed 
to increase the intensity of her strokes as she placed them on my bottom, 
the last two or three were really hard and tears were streaming from my 
eyes as she stopped to rest. 
Jenny looked deeply into my eyes as she again began to play with my body, 
her hands again began to roam over my naked flesh and her mouth closed 
over my nipples. She again brought me close to climax but stopped short 
when she thought I was close, smiling as she picked up the small sapling 
branch and again whipping me. After working the branch over my body again 
she stopped and threw the branch away, looked at me hanging there she 
began to laugh as she walked back to the house leaving me swaying in the 
breeze. My body was sore all over from the beating and being stretched for 
so long by hanging from my wrists, I ached in every part of my being and 
felt frustrated at not being able to come. 
I heard a rustling from behind a bush away to my right as my husband 
stepped into view, he'd been hiding in there recording what had just 
happened as part of the video.  He ran his hands over my body and worked 
his way down to my warm pussy, pushing his fingers into me he worked me 
into a frenzy as I hung there, his mouth playing with my breasts it did 
not take me long to explode into orgasm. My entire body shook as the 
climax took hold, my muscles contracting as the pleasure washed throughout 
my bound body, I continued to twitch as the after shocks swept over me. 
He untied the rope from the tree and lowered me down to the ground; taking 
the spreader bar off my ankles he picked me up in his arms and carried me 
into the house. He gently laid me down onto the bed and removed the 
shackles from my limbs, he then soothed my sore body by rubbing a cool 
cream all over my flesh taking some of the sting out from the beating I 
had received. He told me they had one more scene to play before they had 
finished, but I would be allowed to rest up for a short while, I heard his 
voice continue as I drifted off into a deep sleep and didn't catch the 
ending of what was going to happen next. 
In the evening I was dragged out of my sleep by hands holding my body as 
they worked straps around me, at first I panicked at what was going on 
making them hold me tighter as the straps dug into my flesh. They were 
placing me into a body harness that held my arms at my sides, straps 
worked around my crotch and over my shoulders securing me tightly within 
its grasp, I couldn't move my upper body my arms were held tightly against 
my torso. They stepped back to admire their handiwork, as I looked down at 
all the straps that bound my body, Jenny placed a gag in my mouth and 
fastened the straps around my head, the gag forced my mouth open. A small 
chain was attached to the front of the harness whilst someone else placed 
my feet into a leather hobble; a small chain ran between the two cuffs. 
They picked me up off the bed and stood me on the floor, Jenny pulled on 
the chain attached to the harness and I walked slowly out of the door, the 
hobble allowing only short steps. I was taken back to the barn where they 
had set up the next scene, an area was lit up by spotlights and on the 
floor was a mattress, I was taken over to a post and the chain was locked 
to a small ring attached to the post. They started to get themselves 
ready, removing the robes they had been wearing and putting hoods over 
their heads, they were all naked apart from the hoods. Jenny and her 
husband lay down on the mattress and began playing with each other, she 
ran her tongue over his body and he reciprocated the same. 
My husband had started the camera's to record the scene and watched as 
they continued to make love to one another bringing themselves both to 
climax, I stood and watched from the corner were I was secured to the 
post, my sex getting hotter and moist as I watched their love play. When 
they had sufficiently recovered from their exertions they unlocked me from 
the post and brought me to the mattress, I was left standing at the edge 
of the mattress while Jenny brought my husband onto the mattress and began 
to play with his cock, placing it in her mouth tormenting me with a 
sideways glance and wry smile as she slurped my husband's penis in her 
mouth, causing him to become hard and erect. Her husband them joined them 
on the mattress and she placed he hand around his member bringing him to 
his full size. 
They were now ready for me as both men stood there with their erect 
members standing up like guards, Jenny grabbed hold of the chain and 
pulled me onto the mattress, both men began to play with my body making me 
hotter, my pussy cried out for attention with it's juices running down my 
legs. When Jenny returned I saw that she was wearing a strap-on dildo, 
it's size larger than the two real cocks they where close at hand so to 
speak. "Yes my dear all three of us are going to fuck you to death, we are 
going to use your body to satisfy ourselves!" she said. 
Jenny's husband laid down on the mattress and I was lowered onto his erect 
penis, it entered my moist hole with ease as my muscles squeezed onto his 
member he let out a sigh, Jenny swatted my ass and told me to stop what I 
was doing. Next my husband came around to my face I then saw that he had 
put on a harness around his waist and crotch, he grabbed my head and 
pushed his dick into my mouth, the gag holding it open for him as he 
thrust it to the back of my mouth, he then attached two clips to the gag 
harness from the one around his waist and I was now unable to remove my 
head from his groin. I now had two cocks working within me, one in my 
pussy and one in my mouth both moving in unison, pushing into me. 
Jenny came up behind me and after squirting some lubricant up my rear 
pushed the dildo into my tight sphincter causing me to cry out with the 
pain as she continued to push into me, the cock in my mouth holding back 
my cries. They all began to use me for their pleasure, thrusting in & out 
of my abused body. After the initial shock of the rear entry I began to 
enjoy the sensations that all three cocks were doing to my body, and it 
wasn't long before the first earth shattering orgasm overtook my body, 
exploding throughout my being, wave after wave of pleasure cascading about 
my body. They continued to use me pushing themselves in & out of my holes 
using me as a sex toy bringing me on to another smaller climax, my tongue 
closed tighter to my husbands penis in my mouth and he let go a stream of 
cum, all I could do was try and swallow the thick gooey liquid as he 
filled my mouth with his cock. 
Shortly thereafter Jenny's husband exploded in my pussy, his member 
becoming bigger as he neared his climax, more sperm gushed into my body as 
he spent his load within me as I continued to try and swallow the sperm in 
my mouth. 
Jenny was the last to come as she pushed the dildo within me it rubbed up 
against her little nub bringing her to an earth shattering climax and she 
collapsed on top of me, her body twitching in the aftermath of her orgasm. 
We lay there in a heap with my husband still firmly attached to my face by 
the harness's, he yelled out "Cut!" 
We all started to laugh as we recovered from our exertions. 
Later after cleaning away all the items we'd used and returning to the 
house for a nice long bath I asked my husband if they had finished the 
filming. He said that yes they had and hoped that I had enjoyed the 
surprise anniversary present. 
"Yes" I said but asked if I could direct another scene that would round 
off the story, 
Then I told him of my idea for the ending of the film that would spice up 
the movie although it was already very spicy indeed. I told him of an old 
fantasy of mine was to be used as they had and then my body was 'disposed 
of' at the end, left tied up in a ditch, saying that the kidnap ransom had 
now been paid and I was left in the countryside to be found. 
So an hour later I was bound with tape, gagged & blindfolded and bundled 
into a sack by both men while Jenny filmed the event for the tape, both 
men were wearing their masks as they attended to my body. After being 
placed into the sack I was thrown into the boot of the car and the lid 
slammed shut with me trapped inside. Unknown to me Jenny had taken it on 
herself to direct the action and had planned a few changes for me! 
They all climbed into the car and drove off for a few miles, they chose to 
drive over bumpy back roads, picking out every lump & bump in the road, 
the dust seeping into the car boot choking me within the sack, they 
stopped at a diner for something to eat, leaving me within the boot. 
After they had finished their meal they came back to the car and continued 
driving some more, I had no idea where they were taking me and this was 
part of the plan. 
Eventually they stopped and got out of the car, opening the boot they took 
out the shovels they had brought with them and they carried me into the 
forest. They continued walking some distance from the car until Jenny said 
that this was the spot, I was dropped onto the ground, knocking the wind 
out of me as I made contact with the floor. 
Jenny instructed the men to dig as she continued to film, she had set the 
camera's up on tripods and lit up the area for the filming earlier, but I 
was not to know that this was the back of their property. 
As the men dug the ditch that I was destined to be put into, Jenny 
approached me bound in the sack, she told me that she had persuaded the 
others to change my scripted ending and that I was going to be buried here 
and not worry about my husband as she would take care of all his sexual 
needs from now on! She continued to tease and taunt me as I screamed in 
the sack to let me go, struggling against my bonds I was beginning to get 
hot between my legs and she took great delight in my reaction. She began 
laughing as she walked away; she then kicked me as I lay there. 
At last the digging stopped and I heard Jenny direct the two men to 'pick 
me up and throw the bitch into the hole!' I felt my body being lifted as 
both men carried me over to the hole they had dug; they swung my body in 
the sack over the hole and dropped me in. I seemed to drop for ages, how 
deep was this hole that seemed now to be my grave? 
Finally making contact with the earth I hit it with a thud, my body crying 
out at the pain this caused, unseen hands maneuvered my body so that I was 
laying face upwards in the ditch, my husband said "Good-bye and hoped that 
I was enjoying this ending!" as he stepped back.  Jenny then jumped into 
the ditch and opened the top of the sack, she placed a gas mask over my 
head covering my face, this would allow me to breathe when buried. I 
started to feel a warm glow spread from my belly over my body as Jenny 
bent down and whispered in my ear "Good-bye slut! Hope you enjoyed your 
anniversary". She then closed the sack as I caught a last sight of my 
husband smiling at me. 
She then told the men to cover me with dirt, they shoveled it on top of me 
covering me bound within the sack, they seemed to take there time placing 
the dirt on me, more & more dirt covered me. My hands taped in front of me 
worked on my little nub sending delightful sensations throughout my body 
as each piece of dirt hit my body until when fully covered I exploded into 
a wonderful climax. 
Now buried within the ditch I climaxed as the dirt was padded down by all 
three above me, Jenny then laid down on top of me and invited my husband 
to screw her on his wife's grave. I could feel there weight as he laid on 
top of her pushing himself into her and pumping away until they both came 
whilst  her husband came and laid beside her and she took his erection 
within her mouth swallowing him down, they all came in unison as I heard 
their cries of pleasure above me as I climaxed below them. They left me 
buried there as they picked up all of the equipment and carried it to the 
car, finally Jenny came back to check on my breathing and said "Good-bye! 
Bitch!" She went on to say that I would remain here until the instructions 
on how to find me were delivered by post to my home, however long that 
would be! This sent more waves of pleasure through my body as she walked 
back to the car. 
The letter arrived the day with the instructions for my husband where to 
find me, as the postman delivered the map to our home and my husband made 
his way to recover me. After removing me from the ditch he took me out of 
the sack and we made love there in the clearing I had been buried in. He 
asked if I had enjoyed acting out my fantasy and I told him it fulfilled 
my wildest dreams, but I still had a few more to act out! We both laughed 
as he picked me up and carried me to the car, he said that maybe we could 
act out some more next anniversary. "Mmm!" I said "I hope we won't have to 
wait that long!" 
Gromet 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Gromet


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





