BDSM Library - My Training weekend




My Training weekend
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She had a part time master, but her master thought a female assistant would help him control his slave while he was away. Story is written from the first person view of the young slave.
My Training weekend
by rdragon@ix.netcom.com




From rdragon@ix.netcom.com Mon Jan 06 23:08:36 1997

                           My Training weekend - Part/1

    Well it all started over a simple mistake that I should have known better
then to make.  But as it turned out I was more interested in myself then what
would happen because of it.  And I soon learned the errors of my ways.

    The work week ended early Friday so I was ablt to get home a few hours
before I normally did.  I had not planed on getting off work early, but sense I
did it seemed to make every thing start that much sooner and would also make it
last that much longer.  That was the only thing that seemed to be out of place -
a longer then normal work break.

    As I walked through the door I was imedately asked what I was doing home? I
explained that I was finished for the week and the rest of it was for myself. 
The house guest that lives with me {snaped} and said not so fast. Your MASTER
called and gave me some very pacific instructions for you when you arrived.  I
was told that you were not due until around five, but sense your here we might
as well get started.

    As you see I am a submissive and have a part time MASTER, but now with a
full time assistant.  So even though I was some what surprised, I still went
ahead and ask what she wanted.  She asked what if any plans I had for the
weekend, I told her of a planed meeting and coffee for Saturday.  She asked if I
could cancel it, and I said that I thought that I could.  So I was told to do
just that!  After clearing my schedual of every thing until Monday I was ordered
to strip down.  I started to leave and go to my room and take every thing off as
I normally did after work.  But as I attempted to leave she {snaped} again and
asked (where do you think your going)?  I said to my room to change!  Not so
fast I want you to strip right here, and then I will decide if you can leave. 
So I did!

    Once I was out of my cloths she told me to spread my feet apart and raise my
arms as she wanted to look me over. So as expected I did just what she
commanded.  It was obivious now that she was intending to be in full charge of
at least the rest of the day, and I had better get use to it.

    When she had finished looking me over to her satisfaction, she asked when I
last ate?  I told her at dinner, and she just said (fine).  She told me to stand
where I was as she left down the hall.  She came back with my good old red water
bottle and all the little things that went with it.  She handed them to me and
told me to go and get my self cleaned out, good and clean.  When I thought that
I was I was to call her and have her come and check. Well this took about an
hour as I had done it many time before, so I was getting rather good at it. 
Once I had felt that I was finished I leaned out the door of the bathroom and
called for her.  She entered the bathroom and asked where my last discharge was? 
I said that I had flushed it after I finished!  She {snaped} how in the hell do
you expect me to know if your finished when you didn't leave me any thing to
look at?  I said that I assumed that she would take my word for it as I done it
so many times before.  Well she {snaped} again and told me that SHE was not
taking any thing for granted.  Then she told me to fill the bag and fill my self
up, and hold it until she returned.  I did just that and sat and waited and
waited.  When she arrived she told me to stand, and as I did I realized just how
long I had been holding the enema.  As I got up the cramps hit me and I just
about doubled over with stomac pains.  But I did stand as stright as I could. 
She said that I had better stand up stright or I would hold the water until
christmas. It was a real strain, but I managed to stand up stright enough so
that she was satisfied.  She then told me to sit and let it out, and do not
flush it away or we would do it again.

    As I sat down it just seemed to come out and I could do nothing to either
hold it back or slow it down.  But damn it felt so good to get that pressure out
of me!  Once I was about finished she told me to stand and let her look, I did.

    She smiled and said that I was right I was good and giving my self a good
cleaning, and to finish letting the rest out.

    Then I was to take a warm shower and come back into the living room for
further instructions.

    It took about fifteen or twenty minutes for me to finish with what she
wanted done, and to dry off.  As I walked down the hall I could see her sitting
in a chair reading some thing on a piece of paper.  When I entered the room I
walked over to where she was, and stood in front of her (I assumed that this is
what she wanted).  She ordered me to kneel in front of her, and every time from
now on when I was naked I would kneel in front of her unless I was told
different.  At this point I had a stuned look on my face, but I did just as she
commanded.  Once I was on my knees and looking up at her she told me to put my
hand together behind my back and just stay  there.  Well I did and didn't move
until she finished reading what ever it was that she was reading.

    When she was finished she told me to go and get my waste belt and leather
cuffs.  I got up and proceed to the den where they were kept.  At this point I
started to wonder what was on that paper as I did know she even knew about any
of the leather items that were in the house.  As you see at this point she had
only been living with me for just under a week, and there were NO signs of her
having looked around. When I returned with what she had requested I handed them
to her.  She looked them over for a minute as if tring to figure out just how
they worked, but I think she was a fast learner.  She told me to turn around and
after I did she placed the belt around my waste and buckled it tight behing my
back.  Then she had me turn back around and put a padded cuff on each wrist. 
She looked for the short leather straps that I had brought with it, and when she
found them she finished fastening the cuffs to the belt. There I was naked and
in a waste belt so that I could not use my hands or arms at all.

    She then ordered me to take her to where the rest of the leather gear was
at.  Once we were in the den I told her where to look as I was not in any
position to point.  She went over to the chest and opened it.  As she looked
inside she got this smile on her face just about the time she said (wow what a
selection).  She reached into the chest and came out with a set of leg shackles
and held the up in front of her.  She asked where the key was, and I told her
that MASTER had it.  She asked if there was an extra key?  I said yes but that I
didn't know where it was, I said that it was in the house some place though. 
Then she said that this was what she was looking for and walked over toward me. 
She knelt down and commenced to put the shackles on me.  As she was fastening
the last one on I asked her what she was intending to do. She {snaped} at me
saying that I was not to talk unless I was asked a question or told to.  So I
didn't get my answer, but I did get told my place.  At this point I was in NO
position to argue with her for what ever reason, and I didn't intend to either.

    She walked back into the living room and told me to follow her.  As she sat
back down in the easy chair she called me over, and when I was in front of her I
just stood there.  She reached out and shoved me back a little and stood up with
a funny look on her face.  What did I tell you she {snaped} as looked into my
eyes?  I siad that I didn't remember, and she then repeated her instructions.  I
told you that when you were in front of me you would kneel, did I?

  I answered YES!

  So why didn't you kneel?

  I answered (I forgot)!

  She {snaped} I FORGOT what?

    I just stood there not knowing what to say next, so I figured that I would
not say any thing.  That is when she {snaped} again:       FORGOT what?

    I still didn't say any thing - but she came back with the answer.  From now
on when I addressed her I would refer to her as MISTRESS, and if I didn't I
would surely regret it.

    Well not I understood what was happening and I kind of had a good idea of
what was going to happen.  As you see in the past my MASTER was not able to
spend that much time with me and there for I was not totally under his control. 
But as it now appeared he had aquired an assistant that was going to handle and
control me while he was away.  This idea I was not overly fond of, but under the
present conditions what choice did I have?

    Well she sat back down and told me to come to her.  When I wa in front of
her I imediately got down on my knees and looked up at her waiting for her next
command.  She just sat back and didn't say a word, until she told me to go and
get her a soda from the refrigator.  I got up and went to the kitchen to get her
one, needless to say it was not easy. But I managed to get it and brought it to
her, unopened. She looked at me and {snaped}, what am I going to do with this? 
I didn't answer, I just stood there.  She handed it back to me and told me to
open it!  As I was holding it in my hand all that I could think about was HOW. 
I asked her if I could speak, and she granted me permission. At that point I
told her that I didn't think that I could open it for her in my present
condition, and she replyed that I had better find a way - QUICK.

    I started thinking as fast as I could and the only way that I could come up
with was to put it between my legs and hold it while I used one hand to open it. 
So as I placed it between my legs (boy it was cold) I sqeezed my legs closed and
pulled one hand around and unscreewed the cap.  After I had the cap off I grabed
the bottle and stood back up handing it to her.  She was still sitting and
commenced to take a few sips from it.  The she reached out and handed it back to
me.  She told me to put the caps back on it and put it back in the refrigator
until later.

    This I knew was not going to be easy.  I first had to pick up the cap and
hold it while I placed the bottle back between my legs.  I was able to do that
and I was able to get the cap started finally.  Once I had the bottle closed and
started to go put it away, she called me.  She said that she wanted one more
drink before I put it up.  So I had to do every thing over again and hand it to
her open.  It must have took thirty minutes for her to just get three or four
drinks out of it, but what did she care?

    It was now late in the afternoon and she had been some what easy on me sense
the soda routine.  But now it was time for supper and she went and fixed her a
sandwich.  At the same time she fixed me a bowl of chichen soup and set it on
the floor.  I looked at her and wondered what was next?  She instructed me to
come over to her and eat my supper.  I knew better to ask how, so I just got
down on my knees again and did the best that I could to get the soup out of the
bowl. I was kind of hungry so I got as much as I could before she picked it up. 
She looked over at me and said in a sarcastic voice - we don't want you to get
to full now do we?  I didn't know what she ment, but my mind was running guess
after guess, and none of them I liked.

    She went back into the living room and sat back down it what appeared now to
be her favorite chair.  She called for me as I expected, and I came and assumed
the proper position.  She looked down at me and said that we were going to wait
now until my MASTER arrived.  She said that he was due around seven and had
several surprises for me.

To Be Continued -> END Part/1




From rdragon@ix.netcom.com Mon Jan 06 23:09:05 1997

                          My Training Weekend - Part/2

    It was now going on seven thirty and MASTER has not arrived.  I was getting
awful sore sitting in one position waiting, but I had this feeling that I had
better not move. Then came a knock on the door and the sound of a key in the
lock.  MASTER has had a key to my house for some time, and I have never refused
to allow him in.

    He walked into the living room and looked over at Linda. He asked her what I
was doing inside when it was so nice out in the yard.  She replied that she was
not aware that I could have been taken out side.  He then told her to bring me
and follow him as he went toward the sliding glass doors that lead to the yard.

    After I got up I walked the best I could and followed MASTER to the den with
Linda right behind me.  MASTER was standing at the doors waiting for us to
arrive, and as we did he went out into the yard.  He told Linda to bring me to
him, and she grabed my arm and lead me in his direction.  He was standing by the
picnic table and there were several iron pipes laying arond the area. I stood
there wondering what they had in mind, but still knew that I had better not ask.
So I just waited for one of them to tell me what was going to come next.  And
the wait was not long!

    MASTER picked up one of the many pipes that were all around and placed it in
another pipe that was in the ground.

    Them he instructed Linda to bring me over to where the pipe was.  He told
her to lay me down on my back and to unfasten the shackles that were on my legs.
She mentioned to him that he had not given her a key.  So he reached in his
pocket and tossed her a small key on a large ring.  While he was waiting for her
to unlock my shackles he told her that the key she was holding fit all the locks
for the items he had.  And that until he had another one made she was to keep it
with her at all times.

    By now I was laying on my back on the ground next to this one pipe that was
standing in the ground.  He tossed her a leather strap and a cuff and told her
to fasten my leg to the pipe.  It didn't take her long and she was waiting for
him to tell her what next.  His next instruction was for her to take my other
leg and pull it toward one of the other holes in the ground.  And to pull it to
the farthest one that she could reach.  So as there was still one side of the
shackes hooked to that leg it was easy for her to pull it over while still
standing up.  She passed several holes before she felt that I was as far apart
as I could go.  When she told MASTER that she thought that I was where he
wanted, he just noded.  Then he went and got another pipe the same length as the
first, and placed it in the hole where my leg was.  MASTER then tossed her
another short leather strap and cuff, telling her to do the same as before.

    There I was laying on the ground with my legs spread apart and fastened to
the bottom of two pipes.  I was still wearing my waste belt, so MASTER told
Linda to follow him. He said that I was not going any place until they got back.
So I just layed there with all kinds of different thought running through my
head.

    It seemed like fifteen or twenty minutes before they returned, but I really
think that it was like five.  But when they did return they were both carring
what appeared to be short chanes with some sort of hook on them.  As they
approched me I could see that indeed that is what they were.

    I had no idea what they intended to do with them, but I was soon to find
out.

    MASTER told Linda to release my arms from the belt and fasten the hook in
the ring on the cuff.  After she had both my arms released and her and MASTER
had the short chains fastened, they lifted me to a some what standing position.
MASTER placed his chain over the top of the pipe and it sliped through a slot on
the top and he hooked it to some thing on the side.  Then he went around to the
other side and did the same thing.  There I was not quite standing but looking
rather uncomfortable.  I was! MASTER pulled on the chain where he was and that
pulled my arm even higher and tighter.  Then he went to the other side and
pulled on that one also.  Now I was streached tight between the two pipes and in
no position to do any thing. MASTER said to Linda that they should go in and
have a bit to eat and a drink as I needed to think about my situation for a
while.  Then they left and disappeared into the house.

    It was about sun down when they left me there, and it was well after dark
before they came back.  MASTER was always the first one to come out of the house
as he was the first one to enter.  I could see MASTER comming toward me, but I
could not see Linda that clear.  In a way I was glad that I couldn't! When I did
see her she had a wide leather strap in one of her hands, and some thing cluched
in the other.  As she approched I still could not see what was in her one hand,
not until she handed it to MASTER.  Then I knew it was one of the many ball gags
that MASTER had for me.  MASTER stood in from of me and pinched my nose until I
opened my mouth, and then he sliped the ball part between my teeth.  The gag had
a strap on it that he put around my head to hold the gag in place.  Once he was
satisfied that it would not come out, and I could make no more then a grunting
sound he steped back.  He then looked over at Linda and told he to do what they
had talked about.  Well she walked around behind me and just stood there for a
few seconds, as if she was tring to make up her mind wheather or not to do it. 
The next thing I knew was that I was being hit across the ass with the belt. 
The blows were not that hard, just enough to let me know I was being hit. 
MASTER told her to do it right or he would use it on her.  So the next blow was
much-much harder, and they were comming more often.  By now I was really feeling
the blows and the only thing I could do was grown and cry some.  Tears were
running down each cheek, and the more she hit me the more they ran.

    MASTER finally told her that she could stop, and she did.  But he also told
he that she was to do it again in thirty minutes for ten minutes.  Then she was
to wait thirty more minutes and do it again.  He told her that he wanted to see
my ass red and welted before I would be allowed to be put to bed for the night. 
After all he told her - I had a busy day comming tomorrow and I did need some
rest.

    So after and hour or so she finished, and MASTER came out to look at me. He
felt both sided of my ass, and was satisfied that they were welted.  I guess so
as it really hurt for him to even touch me.

    MASTER told Linda to go and get a sleeping bag out of the hall closet, and
she left to do it.  When she returned MASTER told her to open the bag and lay in
on the ground behind me, and she did as he instructed.  Then he went to one side
of me and let the chain lose that held my right arm, and went and did the same
to the other side.  At this point MASTER was holding me so that I would not just
fall in one direction or the other.  He then lowered me to the ground and onto
the open sleeping bag.  Speaking to Linda again he told her to go and find a
sheet.  While she was gone looking for the bed sheet MASTER refastened my armes
to my waste belt.  When she returned with it he told her to cover me with it,
and she did.  MASTER looked down at me for a minute, and then back toward Linda. 
The last thing I heard him say was that it was time for him and Linda to get
some sleep.  AS I was not tucked in bed for the night!

    One thing that had been bothering me for several hours was how I was going
to use the bathroom.  I didn't have permission to speak, and there for I didn't
ask.  But that issue was not becomming a need thing to know.  As several hours
went by and I really wasn't getting much sleep in this position, I thought that
I could hear some one comming near me.  Of course in the position I was hearing
all kinds of sounds and strange noises.  But this time I was really hearing some
one comming.  It turned out to be Linda as she came to see if I was all right. 
With out being told to do so may I add!  She losened the gag in my mouth and
asked if I was OK.  That is when I told her that I really needed to use the bath
room.  She said that she could not let me lose, but would try and think of some
thing that might help.  She left and I thought that I heard her in the kitchen
movein dishes and pan around.  Well I must of as she came out with a shallow pan
that she sliped under me.  She asked if I could use this and she would empty it
when she left.  In the condition that I was in I could have used a straw, and it
sure felt good to get that pressure off my kidneys.  It didn't take but a few
seconds and I was finished.  She sliped the pan out and that was the last I seen
of any one until morning.

To be Continued-> END - Part/2




From rdragon@ix.netcom.com Mon Jan 06 23:09:43 1997

                          My Weekend Training Weekend - Part/3

    It was now some time Saturday morning and I really didn't sleep that well
last night.  I heard someone moving in the house, but they never came near the
glass doors so that I could see who it was.  I just kept laying here hoping that
who ever it was would come out and say some thing to me, but they never did. 
After all I was still in no position to do much of any thing.

    Well the sun was coming up now perty good, and it was about to come over the
roof of the house.  When it did it was going to be shinning right on me, and I
had NO portection from it.  As the morning went on and it kept getting lighter
and lighter I kept hoping that some one any one would come out of that door. 
Now I could here two people talking in the house, so I assumed that they were
both up.  The longer that no one came to the door the more I started to think
that they had forgotten about me all together.  Yet I knew better in the back of
my mind.  It is just that I feel so strange laying here like this and not being
able to do any thing about it.

    All of a sudden both of them came out and walked over to me.  I had no idea
of what time it was and I really didn't care at this point.  I just wanted them
to do some thing, any thing.  MASTER looked down at me and asked if I had a good
nights sleep, and I didn't want to offend him - so I said YES. But the truth of
the matter is that I was scared to death every time I heard a sound that I
didn't know.  I don't believe I have ever felt so helpless in my entire life
until last night.

    MASTER looked over at Linda and told her to take her key and let me loose. I
was surprised to hear that as I figured that he would at least want me in my
waste belt, but he didn't.  The next thing he said was for her to take me to the
bathroom and to get me some thing to drink and eat.  I didn't understand what
was going on at this point, especially after last night.  He mentioned as we
were walking away that it would be best if I didn't eat any thing too heave, as
I had a busy day to look forward to.  So I took him at his word and only ate one
egg and a dry piece of toast.

    Once I was done with what breakfast I was going to have and had all that I
wanted to drink, I was told to come back out side where he was sitting.  He
ordered me to get back on the ground and to let Linda refasten my legs back to
the bottom of the pipes.  I did just as he said as I felt that it would be
unwise not to.

    After my legs were back apart and fastened to the pipes he told Linda to
come with him.  They went to the back of the yard where I kept my picnic table,
and brought it to where I was.  They placed it almost to the pipes in front of
me.  Then MASTER asked Linda to give him a hand in lifting me up and laying me
face down on the table.  He told Linda to hold me there until he returned.  I
didn't know what he was up to, but with the little pressure that Linda had on my
back I could surely not get up.  I could not even raise my head to see where
MASTER went to.  So I accepted the position that I was in and just stayed still.

    It didn't take MASTER long before he was back!  I didn't see him carrying
any thing or at least I don't think I did. Then I could hear him taking one of
the chains down from the top of the pipe.  As Linda was still some what hold me
down I didn't want to make an issue out of trying to look, so I knew that I
would find out shortly any way.  I was right as MASTER cam around in front of me
with the chain and a pair of cuffs.  He put the cuffs on me first and the
fastened the two rings together with the hook on the end of the chain. Then he
pulled my arms forward and fastened the chain under the table some place.  I
don't know where but I do know he pulled the chain tight so that I was now held
down by the chain.  Well what a fix there I was with my legs apart and hooked to
the bottom of two pipes and now bent at the waste and layed across a picnic
table.  What was next?

    I guess that I never should have thought that as I soon found out.  MASTER
walked behind me and I could hear paper tearing.  The next thing I heard was the
sound of rubber or some thing in that order snapping.  Well MASTER called for
Linda to come closer to him as he wanted to show her what to do next.  I could
feel him place one hand on the middle of my back, and then the shock hit me. 
All of a sudden I felt a finger coming up inside me, and deep too. MASTER moved
it around and around until it felt like he was looking for gold or some thing. 
I just knew that the more he moved his finger the more it hurt.  MASTER then
told Linda to put on the other glove and do the same thing. After hearing the
same sound and feeling her hand on my back I knew the finger was next.  Well in
it came and around and around it went just as MASTERS did. MASTER was asking if
she felt certain things and after some more probing she said that she did.
MASTER then told her that what she was feeling was solids that were still up
inside me, and that they had to be removed before they could go on with what was
next.  So MASTER told her to put me back in my waste chain and cuffs, and then
either take me to the bathroom or the back of the yard and clean me out.

    It was a simple task for Linda now to put me into my waste chain, and after
that she didn't bother using leg shackles as we just walked to the back of the
yard.  There was a garden hose out there that she decided to use, and she did. 
I was afraid that the pressure was too high, but she just turned it up a little. 
She had me lay on my side and put the hose end just barely inside me.  I could
feel myself filling up, and then she took the hose out. She told me to hold it
in for a few minutes and the get up and go get rid of it.  I did as she
instructed and came back where she was.

    She bent me back over at the waste and put her finger back up inside me
again.  She moved it around as before and then said that maybe one more time.
Well I got back down on my side again and in came the hose end.  This time she
put more in then before as I started to move around because of the extra
pressure.  She rolled me over on my back and started to rub my stomach and both
side of my waste.  That only added to the discomfort I was feeling because of
the water. After a few minutes she told me to go and get rid of it and come
right back.  This time I was glad to go and didn't waste a second in doing what
she said.

    Well it took a few minutes more this time to exspell all the water, but she
didn't seem to mind the wait.  When I came back to her she bent me over and did
the same as before, only this time deeper and longer.  She said that I felt
cleaned out, but she wanted to one more big one to make sure as she herself
didn't know what MASTER had planed.  So I got back down on my side and waited
for her to put the hose end back in me.  But this time she wanted to be
different and had me lay on my back facing her.  She told me to pick my knees up
and when I did she reached between my legs and pushed the nozzel in me. With one
long squeeze of the handle the water was rushing inside me (fast).  I tried to
slid away but she reached for my belt and held me where I could not pull the
hose end out.  Damn I don't know how much she got up inside me, but it felt like
ten gallons.  After she turned the water off she started rubbing me again and
pressing down to loosen what ever might still be up inside me. As she was doing
this I just wanted to scream, but I gritted my teeth instead. She then told me
to go and exspell this on in the house so that she could make sure that it was
clear.  I headed for the house (slow) as walking with this one hurt.  Be sides I
didn't want to loose any of it before I got to where she told me to go.  So I
took short steps and finally made it!

    It seemed like ten or so minutes before she came into the bathroom and when
she arrived she asked if I was done? I told her that I though I was and I was
ready to get up. She told me to do just that!  I don't know what she was looking
for but what ever it was she was satisfied as she flushed the commode.

    We then went back out side where MASTER was sitting in a lawn chair waiting
for us.  He looked at her and said that it sure took long enough.  He then told
her to put me back into the same position as before because he wanted me to
practice some thing and that was the best position for it. After I had my legs
refastened to the pipes and my arms pulled forward again she walked away. 
MASTER walked around to the front of me and checked the chain to see how tight
it was.  He reached under the table and released it and the pulled me even
tighter before refastening it.  He said to Linda that it was best that I was
tight as I would not like what was next, and being tight would help.

    While I was in the bathroom MASTER had went and got a few items and had them
laying off to the side.  I didn't pay any attention when I walked out or I would
have know what was next.  MASTER reached over and picked up a tube of KY jelly
and the then a single nozzel.  He opened the tube of KY and dabbed a
little on the end of the nozzle.  He then called Linda over closer to him and
showed her how to put it up inside me.  I mean how far and so forth! Then he
picked up a black squeeze bulb with a silver twist screw on it, and fastened it
to one of the two lines coming out of me now. He showed her how to take her
thumb and first finger and close the valve as he squeezed the bulb several
times. He explained to her that the wrinkled part of the nozzel inside me was
now expanding and that would prevent it from coming out or allowing any thing to
pass.  He pumped it until I let out a moan, and he stopped.  At this point he
asked her if she heard ne moan, and she said she did.  He told her that - that
was usually a good way to tell that it was tight, but one little pump past that
never hurt.

    Then he released the air in the nozzel and slipped it back out of me. Once
it was back in his hand he pumped it back up again to show Linda just how big it
would get, and that it would do serious damage if ever infalted to that size
while inside me.  She said that she understood, and asked he what he wanted her
to do?  He handed the nozzel to her and told her to take an hour or so getting
use to putting it up inside me.  I heard what he said and just about started to
beg him not to have her do it.  But before I did he disappeared into the house. 
I guess at this point he was taking care of some business as I could hear MASTER
on the phone talking to some one, but could not make out what they were saying.

    Well Linda started her practice and being in the position that I was I had
NO choice but to let her.  The first few time she was really careful and it
didn't seem to bad.  But then she started to feel confident and inflated the
nozzel more and more each time.  Finally I let out a yell as it really hurt!
That is when MASTER returned and told her to do it one more time in front of him
so that he could see what she had learned.  So she did!

    MASTER seemed pleased at the way she picked up using the nozzle so fast, and
told her that it was time to get down to business.  He instructed her to leave
the nozzel in and fasten me between the pipe again.  She did and as she slipped
the chains over the top MASTER could see that being shorter them him she was
having a problem.  He came over and finished hooking me at that point, but did
tell her that he would come up with a better way for her to hook me later.

    So there I was between the pipe again and feeling like I had a tail with
that nozzel hanging out of me.  MASTER called Linda to follow him back into the
house as they needed to get some thing.  They both went into the house and came
right back out.  MASTER was carrying a large bottle of water and Linda had the
small pump that MASTER had used before.  She also had quite a bit of clear
tubing that was used to hook every thing together.  The picnic table was still
in front of me and MASTER layed every thing on it except the water bottle.  He
looked at Linda and told her that it would be easier for him at this point to
show her rather then try and explain it.  He then took one of the long tubes and
fastened one end to the tube coming out of me.  The other end he attached to one
of the two fittings on the pump.  Then he got the water bottle and sat it beside
the pump and went to get a shorter piece of tubing. That he fastened to the
other opening on the pump and slipped the other end it into the bottle of water. 
He walked back toward the house and cam back with an extension cord that he used
to plug the pump in.  Still on the table was several more pieces of tubing and a
coil of electric cord.  That is what he picked up next.  Taking that over to the
pump he attached it to some place on the side of it.  He layed the cord down and
told Linda to help him move the table to one side.  After that he went and got a
lawn chair and put it about twenty feet in front of me.  Tell Linda to do the
same!  As she was placing her chair MASTER went and picked up the coil of wire
and unrolled it as he came back to his chair. The he just sat down!

    I noticed that the end of the cord that he had in his hand had what looked
like a push button on it.  Well that is just what it was as I saw his thumb
press it and that is when I knew what was next.  I heard the pump run before I
felt the water running inside me, but at this point what difference did it make
which came first?  MASTER explained to Linda that each one of the black lines on
the bottle was one quart of liquid.  And for the first one never use much more
the two quarts as a starter.  But after the third fill three or slightly more
could be used.

    Now for demonstration purposes let me just quickly put in one quart.  At
that point he explained that the harder the button was pushed the faster the
pump ran and the fater the water would be pushed in.  He must of pressed the
button all the way down as it sure didn't take long for the first quart to get
inside me.  Now (he said) lets just ease the next one in and let her hold them
for a few minutes before I show you the easy way to let it out of her.

    After a few minutes MASTER came up beside me and asked Linda to bring him
the other empty bottle out of the house. After she came with it MASTER took a
clamp out of his pocket and slipped it on the water tube.  The he separated the
tubing at that point and placed the end in the empty bottle.

    Once it was in there he released the clamp that he had on the line and the
water inside me ran out into the bottle. It to was marked with black lines that
measured one quart each.

    All this time he was talking to Linda explaining what he was doing and
looking for.  He told her that she was to wait until as much of the water that
could come out did, and that the longer she waited the more that would come out. 
So while what was in me was running into the bottle MASTER went and sat back
down while Linda went and mixed them a could of breakfast drinks.

To be Continued-> END - Part/3




From rdragon@ix.netcom.com Mon Jan 06 23:10:16 1997

                          My Training Weekend - Part/4

    It appeared that I was really into some thing now and there was not too damn
much I could do about it until the powers to be were ready to stop.  So as I
adjusted my mind and thoughts to accept the faits that were to follow, and to
not let my self think ahead.  I was now kind of resolved to the fact that as
long as I didn't let it get to me it wouldn't.  BUT you can just bet that the
best layed plans were going to come to a screaching halt as the day went on.

    Linda was now acting like a little kid with a new toy, and that toy was me. 
She would just wait long enough before clamping the tube and hooking up the line
from the pump. Then it was fill again.  As she watched the bottle getting empty
she was also watching me get full.  I knew by the way that I felt that my
stomach was expanding every time, and that was what she was watching.  About an
hour and a half had passed now and I could sense that she was getting tired of
just putting in and letting out.  So when she asked MASTER if there was any
thing else that he wanted her to do I got concerned again.  MASTER looked at her
with what appeared to be an open mind and asked what she thought. Well she
replied - I was looking at some of the tapes you let me watch and I was
wondering (she hesatated), what about the one where (you know) upside down? 
MASTER just sat there for a second or two and said that might be just the thing.
But we need a few things first!  So you just keep her busy here and let me run
to town and get a few things.

    Well I heard the door close and MASTERS truck start.  I didn't know what he
ment by town, but either way he would be gone for at least a half an hour as I
lived several miles from the closest store.  It turned out that it was more like
fourth five minutes before he returned, and came back to the back yard.  He
didn't have any thing with him so I didn't know if he bought any thing or not. 
He called Linda off to the side where I could only see them as he wispered to
her about what ever.  The next thing I knew was that Linda came over to me and
clamped the tube closed and started to let me empty out.  While this was taking
place she walked out to the front with MASTER and I guess looked over what he
had purchased.  As I said at this point I didn't have any idea what it might be,
but I was glad to have the chance to let all the water in me out.  And believe
me I took full advantage of the period to!

    A few minutes later Linda came back by her self with a ball gag and a pillow
case.  I knew what the ball gag was for, but the pillow case?  She told me to
open up and she slipped the ball in and fastened it behind my head. Then she
slipped the pillow case over my head and I could feel her starting to let me
lose.  As she let each arm down she fastened it to my waste belt.  As of this
time that was the only thing that had never been removed, just kind of shifted
around.  So before long both my arms were attached again and I was sitting on
the ground waiting for her to let my legs lose.  Well she did!  I could not see
so she had to help me up and then she lead me to one of the room in the house,
and I could hear her close the door.  After she left I kind of felt my way
around to the point that I new I was in the master bedroom.  So I half stepped
to the bed and decided to just lay down and relay for the first time in almost
two days.  The only bad part it was not long enough before she came back and got
me.

    She lead me back out side because I still had the pillow case on over my
head.  I seemed to sense that we were back over by the pipes again, but not for
sure.  Next I was told to get down on my knees and after I did she unfastened
one arm at a time and refastened them where my legs were fastened before.  Next
I could feel both her and MASTER pick me up and turned me over as they laid me
back.  That is when I heard a strange sound that I didn't know.  It sounded like
metal to metal, but it took a few more minutes before I knew for sure.  Not
until I felt my heavy cuffs being put on my ankles and then some thing being
hooked to them.  I was still loose, but I knew that some thing was fastened to
each leg.  Then I was getting the idea as I heard that metal sound again and
began to feel my legs being lifted up.  I could hear the sound and it seemed to
go in conjuction with the fact that my legs were going up.  Soon I was almost
upside down and the pillow case fell off my head by its self.  At this point my
arms were still loose, but my legs were now in the air being pulled toward the
top of the pipe on each side.

    My head was facing the chairs where MASTER went and was now sitting and I
turned my head and saw that Linda was standing next to one of the pipes.  On
that pipe was a new thing that looked like what some of the boat trailers had to
pull the boat on up on it.  I turned my head and looked over at the other pipe,
and saw the same thing there.  I noticed Linda's hand reach for the handle and
then started to turn it.  As she did I felt that leg being raised up higher and
higher.  Then she went to the other side and brought that leg up where the other
one was and a little bit higher.  She did this several times until I was high
enough so that my arms were no longer bent at the elbows.  I was now suspended
by my ankles, but she was not satisfied yet.  She looked over toward MASTER and
asked him what he thought - That is when he told her that she was doing it and
he was there just to watch.

    Damn I didn't like the sound of that, but here again what was I going to do? 
So she went to the other side again and lifed me until both my arm and leg were
tight on that side. The she did the same thing to the other side. The next thing
she did was come around to the front of me and ask with a smart remark - (are
you comfortable)?  What a dumb question!  NO I WASN'T COMFORTABLE!!

    Well I was still wearing my gag so I was not able to talk to her to even ask
what what she planned.  She went around behind me and I could feel her holding
the end of the tube.  I could tell that she hooked it together with the one from
the pump as it felt heaver when she let it hang.  After she stepped back and
admired her work she went over where MASTER was still sitting.  She reached down
and picked up the button and sat down beside him. The next thing I knew the pump
had started and a second or two later I felt the first of the water running into
me.  I could see the bottle with the water in it, so this time I could tell how
much was going in.  I saw her pass the first quart, but for some reason it felt
like three.  I guess that it was because I was in this upside down position.  As
the water kept comming I was starting to hurt more and more.  Before long I
started making moaning sounds and then as she just kept the water running I
really started to get loud.  All that was coming out of my mouth was muffled,
but she had to know that I was in real pain.  But she never stopped the water
she just slowed it down and kept it coming.  Well finally I was both trying to
scream and crying at the same time, and then she stopped.  She walked over to me
and leaned over to looked me in the face.  She said at that point that I had
better learn to like this as this was just the first of many that was going to
come in the next twenty four hour.  As I belong to her now and from now on I
always would.

    Well she just left me hang there for the longest time. Then she asked MASTER
to come over and look at some thing. She noticed that I was able to push some of
the water out of me past the nozzle.  She asked him if she could add more air or
was there some thing else that could be used to make me hold it.  MASTER told
her that he would be right back, and he went into the house. He came right back
out and had the double nozzle that we had.  That had only been used on me about
twice, but I knew that it really hurt and there was no chance of me pushing past
it.  He told Linda to let some of the water out and then let me down so that he
could show her how to use this new nozzel.

    Well she went through the same procedure as before by clamping off the tube
and changing bottles.  Boy let me tell you that when she started the water
coming back out I just about fainted it felt so good.  Not all the water could
or did come out in this position, but enough did so that I didn't hurt as bad. 
Both her and MASTER let me down together and laied me out on the ground.  At
that point I was able to get most of the water to come out with just a little
pushing.  MASTER came behind me and let the air out of the nozzle and that ever
felt great.  You really don't know what kind of pressure is felt unless you have
one up inside you.  And it is hard to explain no matter how hard I try.  But
that is not to say that I didn't enjoy it!

    MASTER told Linda to let my hand lose and to get me up and walk me around
the yard a bit.  She did and I knew that I needed to move some also.  So I took
full advantage of the chance to get some exercise. She let me walk on my own
while they were both playing with the new nozzel.  MASTER again was showing her
the finer points of it and telling her how to use it as compaired to the single. 
As you see with one bulb inside and one just on the outside, between the two of
them the really cause a complete seal.  So when Linda felt that she was clear as
to what to do, she stated that to MASTER.  That is when MASTER told her to go
get me and get me up on the table.  She didn't come for me but I saw her motion
for me to return, and I did.

    When I was over with them Linda told me to get up on the picnic table, and I
climbed up on it.  MASTER told me to lay face down and to spread my legs.  I did
but I guess it was not wide enough as he (snaped) and told me wider or he would
tie them apart.  I then spread them so that my knees were touching each side of
the table.  They were far enough apart that my ass was lifted some off the table
and both my cheeks were wide apart.  MASTER looked at me and told me to stay
that way until he said to move.

    OK - Linda go and put it in just like you did the other, and remember what I
told you.  She took a few steps and was directly behind me with the KY jelly in
one hand and the nozzle in the other.  She must have dabbed a little on the tip
as I felt the oily feeling as it started in.  The double nozzle goes in just a
little bit farther then the single and the inner bulb is inflated first.  As she
pumped the inner bulb up I could feel in getting tighter and tighter.  Then I
let out the short sigh that she was waiting for and she stopped.  The next thing
I felt was the outer bulb being inflated as it rubed just a bit as it got
larger.  Not so that it hurt, but enought to know that it was getting bigger. 
That is when I felt the pulling feeling of the two bulbs trying to come
together.  I let out a louder sigh when I had enough, and she then felt that
they were right.  But she asked MASTER to come over and check her work, and he
did.  He reached down and tugged on it and told her that it was just the way
that it should be.

    The double nozzle that was now in me has a larger fill tube then the single. 
So that just ment that I could not only be filled faster but more pressure would
come off when it was opened.

    I had already had more enemas today then most people get in a year, and I
was really getting tender in the stomach. MASTER asked Linda how much she had
been able to get in me already, and she replied just under three quarts.  So
MASTER told her get me off the table and to fasten my legs to the pipes and to
put my arms back on my waste belt.  She did with some haste!  The he instructed
her to get the sun shower bag that he had for camping and to put three quarts
and one cup of water in it.  Once she had done that he took it and hung it to
the top of the pipe.  During this time she fastened the tubes together and I
assumed that I was ready for what ever was next.  I was!

    MASTER went back over to his chair where he had a good view of me, and told
Linda to just open the bag and come sit down.  Before she did she asked what
would happen, and he just replied that I was going to put on a show for them.

    She did just as he said and before, she was to her chair a lot of the water
had already run in me.  As she sat down and was watching me the water was really
running in.  I started to move as MASTER knew I would trying to get comfortable
as the water really caused me to hurt and expand.  Before long I was pulling at
my legs and rolling from side to side as best I could to do any thing to stop it
from either coming in or hurting.  The bag was high enough that it was all going
to run in and I didn't know until then that MASTER had put a one way valve in
the line.  I could not push out a drop of what was inside me.  By now the water
had all run out of the bag and I was moving in all kinds of ways to do any thing
to make it stop.  They both just sat over there watching me, and I know they
were laughing at me.

    But what came next is what I really didn't like..

To be continued-> END - Part/4




From rdragon@ix.netcom.com Mon Jan 06 23:10:47 1997

                          My Training Weekend - Part/5

    After laying there tossing and rolling for several minutes I heard MASTER
tell Linda to let it out and to leave me open long enough for it all to run back
into the now emptied bottle.  She took her time coming over to me and I really
wanted her to hurry.  Buy by now Linda had really taken on a new attitude where
I was concerned.  She knew that as the situation progressed that I really did
belong to her, and at the same time I did to.

    Well even after she was behind me and had the clamp on the tube, it still
seemed like she was taking her sweet old time.  But at this point I didn't give
a damn as she was at the least doing some thing.  Again though I was really
getting the feeling that this was becoming old news, and she wanted some more
excitement.  As the water ran out of me I was listening to her and MASTER talk
and then I knew that it was open season on me.

    At this point MASTER asked if she had noticed that my nipples were pierced? 
She looked strange and said that NO she never really looked.  Well MASTER told
her to use them if she could think of some thing to do.  I guess she was
thinking as she let me take all the time I needed to expell the water until I
felt that I was totally empty.  Before she took out the nozzle she did stand me
up so that if there was still any thing in me it would surely run out.  There
was as just a little more ran into the bottle.

    Linda's curiousity was really up now as she asked MASTER what I put in my
nipples when I had some thing in them. MASTER asked her what she ment?  She
reiterated again and asked what went through the holes in them?  MASTER then
told her that any thing that would fit, but mostly loops.  She then asked where
she could find a pair to put in my nipples?

    At that point MASTER told her to go look in my room and see if I didn't have
some thing on my dresser that she felt would suit her needs.  So off she went
looking for what ever she had on her mind, and returned with it.  She came over
to me and continued to take the nozzle out of me.  Then she had me stand in
front of her while she looked at the way my nipples were pierced. Being another
women she knew how to place the hoops in the holes at the end of each nipple,
and sliped them shut.  Once they were both in she took her first two fingers and
pulled on them.  Needless to say it hurt and they both stood out. She then
looked back over to MASTER and asked him if he had ever used them before?  He
told her yes!  Well what way to they work best she asked?  He then told her to
go to his truck and get a small role of line twine of the dash board.  She took
right of on an almost run to get the twine.

    Once she returned with it she realized that it was really too long to do
much with, and asked if she could cut it.  He told her to use what she needed as
he would buy more.  She cut two pieces about six foot long each and tied one in
each nipple.  Then she rapped the other ends around her hand and started to walk
ahead of me.  As I slowed down my nipples streached and I quickly cought up. 
BUT at this point she walked over to the pipes and tossed one string over each. 
She didn't like that idea, so before she did any thing she tossed both string
over the same pipe.  Then she pulled on them and noticed that I followed my tits
up - to the point of being on my tip toes. She looked over at MASTER and said
that this was neet.  She talked out loud and said that she wondered what it
would be like if she tied my tits up like this and took a belt to my ass?  That
is when MASTER got back into the conversation.

    He said that would work, but if she really wanted to do it right she needed
a few things first.  Well that brought Linda curiouity right to a peak, and I
mean quick.  Linda just had to ask what he ment at this point, and MASTER
commenced to tell her.  I really thing he was getting more out of this then
Linda was!

    He said FIRST let her down so she can stand flat and the (do you remember
that bar in the corner) of the den.  Linda said she though so, and MASTER told
her to get it.  The he told her that a belt would be fine if that is what she
wanted, but the riding crop over the mantle would be much better.  Linda agreed! 
So off she went again to find the new items that she would use.

    When she returned she asked MASTER what the bar was for as she now what a
riding crop was.  MASTER then got up and came over to us.  He told Linda to get
the two straps that she used to fasten ly legs to the pipes.  She hussled right
over and picked them up and brough them back.  At this point MASTER picked up
the bar and tok the straps and slipped them through each end.  NOW watch this he
told Linda!  He fastened one strap just above and around my right knee, and did
the same to the left.  At this point my legs were being held open and I kind of
looked like a funny A.  The he nugged me toward the pipe and told Linda to draw
my tits up now, and she did.  I was back on my tip toes again but this time my
ass was tight.  MASTER padded my assshowing Linda how this way it tightens me
up.  She noticed and agreed! NOW he told her to take the riding crop and use it
across my ass and the back of my thighs.  The first blow she let fly stung like
hell and I jerked until I realized that my nipples streached.  I didn't move at
all or very little with the second lick, or even the third.  At this point Linda
didn't se any thing and asked MASTER what good this was doing?  MASTER just told
her to keep stricking me and watch.

    He told her that before long I would almost try and pull my nipples off
trying to get away from the crop.  OH REALLY - Linda had to remake, that should
be interesting.

    So Linda started hitting me on each cheek of my ass and the top of both
legs.  As MASTER had said nipples or no nipples I started dancing around.  It
didn't taklke long before I was in tears and both my ass and tits hurt like
hell.  Linda knew in the back of her mind that I would not allow any damage to
come to my nipples, so she got even more pleasure out of me trying to take the
crop and protect my nipples at the same time.  That is when she stoped for a
minute and walked to my side.  She took two fingers and pinched one of my
nipples and held on until I let out a loud sigh.  MASTER told her that she had
beat me enough, so just tighten the twine on my nipples and leave me there for
about a half hour or so.  He said that the pain in my legs and ass would not go
away until the pressure was off my tits, and he was right.  He knew that because
he had done this to me him self on one or more occasions.  So Linda went and got
them some thing cold and they watched me hang there.  The longer I hung there I
began to get tired and I would lessen my lift.  Each time I did I pulled my
nipples and the shock brought me right back up.  Linda commented to MASTER that
I really went through hell like this, and in my mine I agreed.

    After Linda thought that I had - had enough she came over and let le down
enough so that at least my feet were on the ground.  This in its self was a
relief, but my ass still stung like hell.  I knew though that it would quite in
a few minutes now that I was at least flat footed.  I just wish that it was
sooner then later though.

    At this point Linda was starting to get carried away with new and different
things to try.  She came up with this hair brained idea of tying a kite to my
nipples and having me fly it.  When she said that I paniced as I knew that I
didn't want any part of such a dumb thing.  Wellas the power to be quickly said
- NO - that is a bit too much.  Besides the kite will catch a gust of wind and
my cause perminent damage before it could be caught.  I guess after thinking
about it she agreed.  I was sure glad, and besides in was getting on in the day
and I was getting tired.

    MASTER told Linda that she needed to come up with my sleeping arrangement
perty soon.  So Linda started looking around the yard for some idea.  Well she
didn't want the same thing as last night, and she didn't want me to have a break
either.  So she came up with the method - and WOW what a method.  She decided
that I was going to sleep (if I could) streached out on the picnic table.  And
she commenced to set things up for just that.

    She asked MASTER to help her move the table between the two pipes.  As they
did she moved one of the pipes to a new hole farther apart from the other one. 
Then she came and let me down and took the twine off my loops.  She told me that
I had a half hour before she was going to put me to bed, and if I knew what was
good for me I would use it. Well she didn't have to say that as I fully intended
to get some movement and some limited exercise.  MASTER told her to take the
knee spreader out and to let me completely lose so that I could use the bathroom
and get some thing to eat and drink.  She didn't seem pleased, but went ahead
and did it. I noticed the look on her face as she was releasing my arms and new
that she had a (get even) look.  So I really intended to make the most of my
limit release.

    After the half hour was up she had me come over to the table and get up on
it.  She had already put the open sleeping bag on it so at least I would not
feel the wood. Once I was on it she took my waste belt off for the first time.
The she fastened my legs to the two cables that were on thoes wenches. and
fastened my arms to some thing under the table with the chains.  The next thing
she did was start to pull my legs apart with the cranks.  She did a little on
each side as to keep my ass in the middle of the table. When she stopped I was
not all that tight, but I could not move that much.  She looked over at MASTER
to see if he had any comment, and nothing was said.  So they both went inside
and that was how I expected to spend my second night.

    NOT SO - It was more then an hour later and all the lights were out in the
house.  I figured that they both had went to bed and planned on staying there.
Then I heard the glass doors slid open and being that it was dark in the house I
could not tell who was comming out.  Well it turned out that it was Linda and
she came right over to me.  In her had she hard a bar gag that she made me put
in my mouth. She put it so far back on my teeth that I could not close my mouth
at all, and she fastened it there.  Then she looked down at me and said: NOW I
REALLY PUT YOU TO BED!  She went over to one of the pipes and tightened my up
more, almost to the point I hurt.  Then she went to the other side and did the
same thing.  This time to the point that I felt like I was going to tear apart. 
GOD that was hurting, surely she was not going to leave me like this.  NO she
wasn't she had another thing she had to do.  She walked back in the house and
came right back out.  This time she had a battery powered vibrator, a big one. 
She got at the end of the table and pushed her finger inside my pussy.  She
worked it around enough that I started to get HOT.  As I did I was also getting
WET, and WETTER.  That is when she shoved and I mean SHOVED that vibrator inside
me until it almost disapeared.  She fliped the switch and turned it on!  This
one not just vibrated but moved also, and it was doing what it was designed for. 
After she watched me pulling on the cables and getting HOTTER and HOTTER she
left.  She really went back to bed and left me that way until the sun was
comming up.  By then the batteries had just about run down, but you could tell
just by looking what it had done.

    I had - had so many orgasims that I was dripping wet and the sleeping bag
was wet - besides now I smelled.  I really needed a douch bad.  Whe she came
back to me and saw what had happened - she just smiled.  She said that if she
had only know she would have done it sooner, and remarked that she would do it
again.

    Well it was now Sunday morning and I knew I only had a few hours left. But
after all that had alredy been done to me, what more could be left.  ( I never
should have thought that)

To be continued-> END Part/5




From rdragon@ix.netcom.com Mon Jan 06 23:11:33 1997

                          My Training Weekend - Part/6

    It was hard to believe that Sunday had come around so soon, and then again
it seemed like it would never come.  As you see I knew Friday that some time
Sunday was going to be the end of this, and I would either be well trained or in
more serious trouble then before.  I hope that I will be considered WELL TRAINED
as I don't know if I could handle another 48 hours like this.  But ONLY my
MASTER can tell me the answer to that, and I feel sure that he will.

    Landa has came back out to me and released me from the strain that she left
me in.  I mean completely released me, but with a work of advise.  She just
suggested mind you that we keep what happened between us, and I agreed. Linda up
to now seemed to be a follower of direction as I, but after the little extra.  I
just don't know any more what she might do. How ever I have to take in to
consideration that she is a women and has to have some limits as to what she
will do.

    I am up now and have regained some of the use of my legs after having them
where they felt dead.  Boy I hate it when they wake up as it feels like a
million pins sticking all at the same time.  I walked over to Linda and asked if
I could talk to her, and she allowed me to.  I mentioned that so many things had
happened between us in the last day and a half, was there any thing more that
she was going to do? She said that today was not going to be too bad unless I
made it that way.  Well you just know by now that I have no intention of doing
that, and that is for sure.  So sense I didn't have another question I went on
with my business. That being getting some thing to eat as I felt starved, and
using the restroom with out being waited on.  My stomach was grouling so bad
that I had to put some thing in it even if it was water.  And after a couple of
BIG glasses I sure felt better.  But I still had to realize that I was due for
more of the past and I had better sike my self up to it.

    MASTER didn't get up until nine, and when he saw me walking around he didn't
say any thing.  I figure that he knew I would be loose when he awoke, and had
instructed Linda to let me loose.  Well that again told me some thing about
Linda, that being she still followed orders.  So I felt better thinking that
today was going to be much the same as the others, MASTER would be incharge.

    It was about ten now and MASTER went into my den to make some phone calls. I
knew this as I heard him tell Linda that was what he was going to do.  So now
sense he was up I walked like a cat so as not to distrube him.  I felt that when
he came back amoung us that some thing would happen then, and sure enough it
did.

    MASTER told me to slip on a gown and one that was not too long.  I went to
my room and picked out one and came back wearing it.  It was one that came
between my hips and the back of my knees.  When MASTER saw it he jumped up and
yelled at me.  I told you not too long, can't you do any thing right yet.  So
before he could yell any more I went and pick out a black one that I had that
just came to the bottom of my hips.  It was sheer and you could see through it
like it was not even on.  I hurried back to him and let him look!  Now that is
what I intended and he didn't say another word.  I didn't know what he had on
his mind, but I new one thing for sure.  This gown I was wearing was OK if I was
standing stright, but if I bent in the slightest direction some thing showed. 
So I assumed that his plans had some thing to do with what I was wearing.

    As time passed and it was now after noon I was thinking that my day was
over, and nothing more was going to take place.  WRONG!  About one I heard the
chimes in the hall go off telling me that some one has passes the electric eye
at the front gate.  Well a few seconds later the low buzzer went off and I knew
they were on the walk coming up to the door.  I waited to see who was going to
answer the door, as I didn't feel dressed for it.  That is where I was wrong as
MASTER told me to go and see who it was.  I didn't want to but I did!  When I
opened the door (just a crack) I recognized the couple that was there and went
ahead and invited them in.  MASTER was now just a few feet behind me and he
asked them if they brought what he suggested, they said YES. About twenty or so
minutes later the same thing happened, but this time I just went to the door. 
Again it was some one that we knew!  This happened three more times and now
there were five couples in the house, and I knew then that MASTER was finished
with me.  Surely he would not do any thing while all these people were here,
surely.

    The rest of the afternoon went perty well as I played waitress and Linda
played bartender.  MASTER just sat around making conversation with the men and
the women talked amount them selves.  How ever I should have been a bit more
observent, because if I was I would have know some thing was in the wind.  It
was now about six and the local news just went off.  MASTER never misses it when
he is home or here! So he stood up and said " Well now for the reason I asked
you here".  Essen has been a BAD girl and I have done what I could to help make
her better, and more responsive.  But I really have run out of ideas.  So LADIES
I invited you and your husband to come and bring the one thing that you had at
the your home (sex related) that you hated to have used on you the most.  Did
you all bring something?  The answer was a resounding YES.  OK the this is how
we will continue!

    Each of you in turn (in the order you arrived) will have the opportunity to
demonstrate the item here.  Essen will be the model and you will use it on her
in the mannor that it has been or has been suggested used on you.  I only asked
you to bring the item as I felt that if there was some other item or items
needed fro preparation, they would probably be here already.  Linda my new
assistant will lend what ever extra help you need while doing the demonstration. 
Now is that understood?  Again YES!

                                  COUPLE - ONE

    The first lady got up in front of the group and told every one that her
husband wanted to watch her use a dildo and mastrabate until she dripped.  She
thought the idea was discusing because she had never done it with any one
looking on.  She reached in her purse and came out with the larges dildo that I
had ever seen.  She attempted to hand it to MASTER for what ever reason, but he
told her that he was not the one going to use it.  So as I was in easy reach she
of course handed it to me.  MASTER then told me to move out in front of every
one and start doing my thing.

    I must have felt the same way as she did only five times worse.  I could not
seem to get started, and besides after last night I really thought that I was
cummed out.  But as you can guess MASTER insisted, and I opened my legs and
started to slip that hugh thing in me.  I was dry and it took a few minutes to
get it in, but once I did I went ahead and used it.  I keep looking at every one
watching me especially the women that was having me do this.  She seemed to be
the most interested in what the others were thinking as well as how I looked
while I was getting OFF.  It was about five minutes or so more and I had my
first orgams, but I could tell it was light.  I knew I had to keep it up until
some thing ran out of me, so I kept using the dildo harder and harder.  On the
third orgasm I finally was able to allow some to pass the side of the dildo, and
on my hand.  When they saw that I was allowed to stop and I just stood there.
MASTER asked the women if she felt satisfied and she said she did.  So MASTER
told me to go and get cleaned up and come back.

                                  COUPLE - TWO

    This women had the simplest item of all, a pair of hand cuffs.  But the task
that she wanted me to do was not really to my liking.  Her husband liked to hand
cuff her behing her back and make her SUCK him off at least twice. When she said
that I looked over at MASTER and waited for him to tell her that was OUT.  But
instead he looked back and me and said that he hoped that her husband was a
quick cummer.  I thought to my self (thanks alot)!

    Up to now I was still wearing what was a near miss for a gown, but this time
I had to strip in front of these people and let her hand cuff me.  Then her
husband came to the area where I was at and stood where every one could see and
opened his pants.  When he brought that monster out I thought that the dildo was
small compaired to his living tool.  She was still standing next to me and
helped me get on my knees.  Then the rest was up to me as I opened my mouth and
let that MONSTER pass my teeth.  As i sucked on ti I could feel him getting
warmer and warmer, and before long he went off.  GOD like to took the back of my
head off, and there was more cum the I could keep in my mouth.

    Once I adjusted from the first go round I took his cock and started working
on it again.  It was going a bit soft so I really sucked on it so that it would
not have to be restarted fro DEAD.  As he started to get hard again he reached
down and grabbed my hair and pulled me into it.  He shoved it so far in I was
gasping for air, and he started working me like a pussy.  He kept it up and
again I could feel him getting hot.  This time I also felt that he was holding
back from going off, and I soon found out he was.

    All of a sudden he pulled me up to him so far that I had mu lower lip on his
balls, and as he held me there he went off.  He filled my mouth again and told
me that I was to drink ever drop before he would let me go.  I choched some and
did manage to get it all down!  He then let me lose and with a smile on his face
said "we need to do this again - honey".  I thought to my self (Fat chance) if I
had any thing to do with it.

    As I got up the women came over to me and took her hand cuffs off.  She said
that she liked what she saw and would more then likely let her husband do it to
her.  She actually thanked me for what I did.

    MASTER again let me go and clean up and this time rinse my mouth out with
listerene.  Damn even after that I could still taste his sweety cock, and my
through would carry his cum the rest of the day.  But I did have two of the five
out of the way and that ment I was almost half way.

    I came back in to the room again expecting to have to preform the next act,
but MASTER said that I would have a half hour off before the next preformance. 
Nice touch I was now a preformer!

                                 COUPLE - THREE

    The third women only had a suggestion.  Her husband wanted to watch her get
it from two men at the same time and maybe suck off a third.  MASTER said to her
that was the one pleasure that I had not had this weerekend, and maybe I would
enjoy it.  So as I was still stripped he asked her where she would like me to be
positioned.  She though for a moment and then said (how about out in the yard)? 
MASTER said fine with him, so every one started heading for the yard.  I kind of
held back some, but wound up out there with them.

    All this time Linda was still tending bar and enjoying ever minute of what I
was going through.  I just wish that just once she would have a taste of her own
medicne.

    Sense there were five men they had to select three between them that were
going to have me.  Personally I knew I was sore and would hate every second of
it, but sense I didn't have a choice I got down on the ground and waited for
them.

    I layed on my back while the first man loosened me up and got his dick in
me.  Then we rolled over on our sides while the next gentleman (not really) got
down behind me and started to try and put his dick in.  He was having a bit of a
problem, but he as all men managed to do what he wanted. The third man got down
on his knees and lifted my head some so that he could slip his dick in my mouth. 
Once I was in that position it seemed that they all picked up a rythm and some
one was coming while another was going and the motion began.  The kept this up
for some time and then I felt the one in front of me go off.  That is when they
decided to change positions and each take me by my pussy.  DAMN that ment I
would be fucked three times in each hole, and I didn't think that was part of
the deal.  But so it turned out that really was the deal, and a bad one for me.

    When they were finished I felt like I was walking bow leged, and maybe I
was.  I didn't even wait for MASTER to tell me to go and clean up, I just went. 
This time I took my time as I was sore now and knew I would be sorer in the
morning.  So I also knew I was past the half way point (whoopie).

                                  COUPLE - FOUR

    The forth women also only had a request!  She mentioned that her husband has
said some thing at one time that MASTER gave me enemas when I would get out of
line.  She said that she had read several stories concerning that, but had never
seen one given for that purpose.  She was hoping that she could watch me get a
good filling to the point that I looked seven months pregnant. MASTER sat ther
for a few seconds I guess thinking about it.  Then he asked her if she wanted to
give it to me or let some one else do it?

    She then sat there a few seconds before saying that she had NO idea how to
get things ready, but beyond that she would love to make me fat.  MASTER called
for you-know-who to come over then.  He told Linda to go with me and this women
and get me ready to take a LARGE VOLUME enema, and to use the extra special
equipment.  Well Linda picked up several items and the three of us headed for
the house. Once we were out of sight of the others Linda started to show this
women what she intended to use on me.  When the women saw the double nozzle she
let out a dasp.  You mean you can put that up inside her and it doesn't hurt. 
Linda said that she would not go that far, but yes it went up inside me.  That
is when the women said (I've got to see this)!

    Linda told me to get down on the floor and lay on my side.  The she told me
to pull my knees up to my tits, and she slipped the nozzel in.  While I was
still in this position she inflatted it and clamped the fill lines so that she
could take the inflaters off.  She looked up at the women and told her that what
ever she put in me now would stay there.  The women asked Linda where would be a
good place to do it so that every one could see?  Linda of course had the
perfect place, and that was out back between the pipes.  So out we went!  I was
moving slow as it hurts to walk with an inflated nozzle, but I still made it. 
As we passed through the door the others could see that I had some thing hanging
out of me.  They didn't ask what, but they did all try and get a better look. 
We went stright over to the two pipes that were still up. Linda had to move one
of them back closer to the other as they were too far apart for what she wanted.

    Once she had them in there correct position she had me lay down and went to
get what she needed to fasten my legs and arms.  After my legs were fastened she
used the two cables and hooks to raise me up to a standing position.  She then
walked to the house and came back with an almost full bottle of water.  She
moved things around so that master could watch the water level, but was out of
the way to the rest of them.  The she put all the tubes and extras together so
that I was now ready to get pregnant.

    She took the push button and handed it to the lady that was now standing in
front of me just looking.  She explained that the harder she pushed on the
button the faster water would be pumped into me.  The women said (pumped), and
Linda replied that is what I said.  You need a pump because she is standing and
water wont run up..

    Well she tried the button and saw that I moved and she knew that she had put
some in me then.  She then turned around to the rest of the group and asked if
they could all see?  The shifted there possitions some and then said they could. 
She then said that they were going to watch what happens to a women that not
careful and get knocked up. That is when she stepped to the side and pushed the
button. I could feel the water coming into me now and it was not that fast, but
it didn't take long before I was almost full. My stomach was tight now and I
could feel it start to streach outward.  She kept the water coming and coming
until I let out a cry.  Please no more - please! She stopped and looked at me
and asked if she was hurting me?  Before I could answer MASTER stood up and told
her to keep going as I could take a lot more yet.  He would have know as he was
sitting beside the water bottle. She started the pump again only this time
slower.  GOD it was hurting me but she never stopped.  At this point I was
begging her to stop and she just ignored me.  Then she stopped and looked out at
the others and said (well almost instant 7 months pregnant).  I was crying and
hoping that she was through, and she was. MASTER got up and came over to me and
called for Linda. He told her to clamp off the line and to leave me there for
fifteen minutes so that every one could take a good look. The don't release the
pressure until she had me in the house and in the bathroom.  Linda agreed!

    When Linda got me to the bathroom and had me stand while she released the
clam, I was just shaking.  When I felt the pressure drop and heard the water hit
the commode like a water hose.  I was sure glad when she took off the clamps on
the nozzel and pulled it out.  Then I was able to sit and get the rest out, what
a great feeling.  She left me alone and told me to come back in when I was
cleaned up and finished.  So that is just what I did, but at my own time. I knew
there was one more women left, and this had to be the hard one of the day.

                                  COUPLE - FIVE

    Well this time it was sure to turn out interesting as finally Miss Linday
would have to join in at the request of one of MASTER guest.  And the good part
is that I knew when I heard the request that MASTER was delighted with it.  When
Linda heard it she almost went into shock, and I personally enjoyed every second
of it.  At the same time I knew that MASTER would have to do it, and that even
made me feel better.  Because up to now it was just fine and dandy for me to be
stripped, beaten and abused - but not Ms Linda she considered her self to be
above all this.  Now she was going to get a small portion of her own medicne
(love it - just love it).

    The LAST request before the agravation was over was really the simplest of
all yet at the same time it involved some one who had up until now had not
really partisapated. The women wanted to see how good I could treat a women just
in case she had the chance to use me some time.  But she didn't want me to
service her, only see what i could do with a women if I had to.  So after MASTER
asked the other four women which one wanted to be the one that was pleased, and
got no response.  He had to honor the request and come up with some one for the
receiver of my attention.

    That is when MASTER took Linda off to the kitchen and stated that she was to
get down with me and let me do what ever I was couched to do.  I could hear
Linda as well as the others could when she said (-NO WAY-).  But being that I
new MASTER and that the word NO was not some thing he took lightly, I just new
she would be my receiver.  So I sat back and waited to see what was going to
happen, and soon found out.

    MASTER came back with out Linda, but she was soon to follow.  MASTER told
her that he did not expect her to take her cloths off in front of these couples,
but she could go to her room and get ready.  That is when some one behind me
said in a loud voice (whats the matter is she SHY)?  Well I just knew that you
didn't goat Linda or make it sound like a dare as that was what she was going to
do.  And with the blink of an eye she was down to her panties.  She turned
facing away from every one and slipped her satin bikini panties down slowly past
her hips and as her rounded ass was now showing she continued past her knees
until they layed at her feet.  No one could see more then her well formed hips
and just a little between her legs.  I had seen Linda in the buff several times
and new shee was my version of a doll. She knew that she was causing the men if
nothing else to get waterie eyes with strain, and MASTER was kind of chuckeling
to him self while this was taking place.  Well Linda was not any virgin at
making men lust as I could tell.  As she slowly turned to face all of us they
were watching every hair come around. When she finally was facing us I could
hear several low comments as to her appearence.  And all were compliments and
other self wishes.  Like would I like to get into that and so forth.  But to the
task at hand!

    Linda got down on the floor and pulled her feet up so that she could spread
her legs where I could get into her. I got down in front of her and eased myself
up toward her well formed sex slot.  She was already using her two fingers to
minnipluate her lips and to open them as I touched her with my toung.  Once I
entered her with my wet toung she let out a gasp of air with a low moan.  As I
moved around her and in and out she started to move her hips in every direction. 
Back and forth side to side and even up and down to let me get every tiny corner
of her.  It didn't take very long as she seemed primed to have this done to her,
and when it was all over Linda just layed there completely relaxed and I knew
quite satisfied.

    After all that we had been through in the past day and a half she still
looked up at me as I was still kneeling in front of her.  She puckered her lips
as if to pass a kiss and said that she loved it.  She also said that we would do
this again soon, and really I was hoping we would.  It was one of the few things
that happened to me that I didn't mind doing after I started.  I think that if I
could have I would have went right down on her again, but this time with more
heart.

    At this point I assumed that I was now considered punished for what was no
more then a simple error in judgement.  MASTER told me to make my exit by
passing in front of each guest and allowing them one more close look at me.  I
did that with ease and disapeared down the hall into my room.  Once I was there
I hopped up on my bed and let out the biggest sigh of reliefe that I could.  I
know that NO ONE heard me as the door was closed, but I would not have cared
anyway.  I was just so - so glad that it was over.

    I must have fallen asleep as the next thing I remember was getting up for
some thing and it was dark out side. Linda heard me walking and came out of her
room to see me. That is when she told me that things were no longer the same
here, and that starting tomorrow there would be several new rules to follow. 
She also said that she was going to start new procedures when I came in from
work each day, but didn't go past that.  So I just went back to my room and
didn't give it another though.

    What was just fourty eight hours has turned into a never ending life style,
and I shall from this point on relate what takes place as time passes..

EOF - submissivly YOUR - .....




From rdragon@ix.netcom.com Mon Jan 06 23:11:59 1997

My Training Weekend - Part/7

    The weekend ended as you know by now, but the amount of aggravation has not. 
After all that I was force to endure I still have so many little every day
things to deal with. Things like a new way to enter the house, and a new dress
code while I am at the house.  There are some others also, but they just seem to
fit with the rest.  I will try and describe them to you as time goes on in the
best way that i can.

    Well the biggest change around here is that after work I no longer just come
home and flop down to relax.  I have to have my daily inspection by Linda, and I
mean inspection. As I walk in I check to see if there is any guest that I was
not informed of, and if not I go to my room and strip down to my panties.  After
that I return and if Linda is not in sight I find her (no matter where she is). 
If she is not in the house with the weather so warm, it's a fair bet she is out
in the yard.  So I just take my self out there and when I am with her I now have
to kneel in front of her with my hand behind my back.

    At this point she can either tell me to go about my business or give me some
special instructions.  It depends on the kind of day that she had weather or not
I will have special instructions.  And believe me they are usually special as
they are never the same from day to day.

    Most of the time they are simple - like stand up turn around, bend over and
so forth.  Just little things to aggravate me as much as she sees fit. But there
are those days when she has had some kind of aggravation her self and wants to
relieve her tension out on me.  I guess I don't mind, but what difference would
it make if I did?  I just hate the days that she had a bad afternoon at the soap
operas or what ever as she wants to get even with a TV character and sense she
can't I will make do.  And I usually do!

    The easiest thing that I have to do is take off my panties and go stand in
the middle of the yard until dinner.

    Usually with my legs apart, but not that far!  Or she will want me to make
it with her for a little bit before she finishes dinner, and I have come to
enjoy that now.  BUT if she is really ticked at some thing she will want to
spank me or tie me to a tree or post or some thing in that order. She even has
me get my leather cuffs and wear them until it is time to go to bed, usually
several hours.  Of course she wont let me dress during this time.

    There are those days how ever that she either had a bad day her self or she
has been told to do some thing special. those are the days that I would rather
work late, like all night if I could get away with it.  They are just about
always on Friday, and that is the day that I usually get off early.  I mean she
will have those days planned down to the smallest detail, and that is for sure. 
She will have them planned to the point that what ever she plans on doing and
what she needs to do it are all laid  out so I can know what is coming.  So when
I get to my room if it is a special day I usually see the first signs of it
then.

    So I guess I will do my best to describe one of those days.  It is a Friday
about 3pm when I arrive home!

    I drove in the drive as I always did, and picked up my daily notes to take
in and look over when I had the chance. As I came through the door I first
noticed that the two hanging plants were not in there usual place in the arch
way between the living room and den.  I didn't think that much of it as I guess
I was hoping Linda had taken them out in the yard for some sun.  So I went to my
room to get undressed as I always did every day.  That is when I new that she
was a bit ticked at some thing, and I had better watch my step. On my bed was
just white tip from a feminine syringe and I knew what that ment.  After I
completely stripped down I went right to the bathroom where I found the old red
bag with a note on it.  The note just said (take two) and that to was self
explanatory.  So I did just as the note said and took two good cleaning ones. 
That took about thirty five to fourth five minutes.  When I had finished
cleaning out and cleaning up I went to find Linda.  She was in the back yard
laying back in one of the lounge chairs eating cookies.  So I went and assumed
my normal position in front of her, and waited for instructions.

    She then asked me if I had taken care of every thing to this point, and I
proceeded to tell her what I found and had done.  She then told me to go over to
the picnic table and bring her the box that was on it, and I did.  Once I was
holding it in front of her she had me set it down and open it.  After I did I
saw that inside was my waste belt and cuffs along with a short pair of ankle
shackles.  I then looked at her wondering what came next.  She told me to put on
the shackles, and I did.  To me that is a funny feeling having to put some thing
like that on knowing your making your self just about helpless. Then she told me
to put on my waste belt and as I did she came closer to me so that she could
adjust it and snap the buckle lock.  After that the rest was self evident.  She
fastened my cuffs to the belt, and had me sit kneel down in front of her again. 
After I did she informed me that we were having company and I was to serve them
what ever they needed.  She didn't tell me who was coming over, just that we
were having company.  Being in this position I sure hoped that it was not some
body new, and that was for sure.

    Until the company came I had to get adjusted to the short chain between my
ankles.  So Linda had me get her several drinks and other items from the house. 
At first it was hard to walk in them, but after I learned to adjust my step
length it became easier.  Not a lot, but easier!  So now I guess that it was
just wait and see who arrived.

    After a short time the chime went off indicating that some one had passed
the outer gate.  Linda got up to see who it was and then came and sat back down. 
She then instructed me to answer the door when they came up, and I started in
that direction.  As I approached the door I could hear them on the other side. 
I leaned side ways so that I could turn the knob, and opened it. When I got it
open I saw that it was Barbara and some guy that I had NO IDEA who he was. When
he saw me he stepped back and it appeared that his lower lip dropped a bit. 
Well if you saw some like me standing in the manor I was you would be stunned
too.  Once he was able to speak again the first thing he said was (Barb your
right this is going to be interesting), and left it at that. So the only thing
that did for me was make me wonder that much more what was going to happen.

    As him and Barb came in I closed the door behind them, and followed them to
the patio.  Linda asked them what they were drinking, as any polite hostess
would do.  They named their drinks and I was sent off to both make them and
serve them.  Which was NO EASY task at the present time.  But I did manage to
get them their drinks!  After a few minutes it was another round, and then
another.  It was getting late now as the sun was starting to set, and noting had
really happened yet.  As of this point I realized that I had never heard this
man name mentioned, and as usual I was curious. But believe me I was not going
to ask!

    Linda stood up and said - OK I GUESS WE CAN GET STARTED NOW.  That is when
this man asked if he could look me over before things got going, and Linda told
him sure.  So he called me over to him, and I stood in front of him.  He told me
to turn around and bend over, I did.  That is when he took at least two fingers
and jammed them right up inside me.  I stood up and let out some sort of sound
along with a YOU S.O.B. at the same time.  At that point I just knew that I had
really screwed up, and sure enough I did.  Linda came over and slapped me
accrosed the face as hard as she could, telling me that I was not to insult her
guests.  I just knew my face was RED as it stung like hell.  The man got up and
told Linda that it was not correct to get physical, at least not so it showed. 
He asked Linda that sense it was he who was insulted - could he have her
permission to regain his pride?  She looked at Barb and then back at him!  She
then said:  MOST CERTAINLY - TAKE HER AND RECOVER YOUR FEELING IN WHAT EVER
MANOR YOU CARE TO.  That is when he asked Barb to show him around and to let him
see what he had to work with.

    I guess it was five or ten minutes before they finished doing their looking,
but as far as I was concerned it was not long enough.  This man came back with a
hand full of different things, and I knew just who they were for. I was told to
assume a kneeling position in the middle of the floor, and I did.  He then asked
Barb to come over and he handed her several items.  I found out that they were
two hoops for my pierced ears and two mini-bar bells for my nipples.  He asked
Barb if she would put them in their proper places, and she did.  I was glad that
it was her as putting some thing in a pierced nipple is not easy, and should
never be done by some one that does not know how. Well once the four items were
in place he had me stand.  I assumed that he was just going to suspend me or
some thing routine like that.  NO THIS GUYS WAS MORE IMAGINATIVE!

    He took some small loop chain and had me bend my head so that he could put
one chain between my left ear and left nipple, and the same on the other side.
Now my head was bend and I could not nor did I dare try to raise it.  Well being
that I could now see the floor real well I saw him coming and he had a spreader
bar with him.  He knelt down and removed the shackles that I was wearing and
replaced them with the spreader bar.  At this time he pushed my legs some what
farther apart, but no so that I was off balance. He then edged me over to the
opening between the living room and the den.  Once we were about center in the
opening he took my arms loose from my waste belt and fastened the cuffs together
behind my back, and removed the belt.  I heard him reach for some thing and
could feel him working behind me. That is when I felt a rope or some thing on
that order being fastened to the hook that held my cuffs together.  Once that
was completed he pulled on what ever it was and my arms were pulled up in the
air.  Again I was not really off balance more just out of balance.  So that is
when he knelt down again and separated my legs wide apart this time.  NOW I WAS
OFF BALANCE!  He then went back behind me and raised my arms so that I was
suspended by them and stretched tight.

    Three I was:  My legs were apart and my head bend and now my arms pulled up
behind me.  I was breathing slow at this point as I was hurting like hell, and
wanted nothing but down.

    I heard him walk away from me and I assumed he went and sat back down.  I
could hear the conversation going on and that is when I heard him say that he
would leave me like this for a half hour or so to soften me up some.  Well the
time passed, but it seemed like a lot more then a half hour.

    I heard him walking again and then I could see his shoes next to me.  He
reached down and grabbed me between the legs saying (you don't mind this now -
do you?)  I replied (NO SIR), and didn't say any more.  About then he walked
away again and came right back in front of me.  He had a bar gag in his hand and
ordered me to open my mouth.  I did with out hesitation, and he placed the gag
in place.  At this point he was talking to me some, and I was listening very
close. He told me that the reason he placed the gag in my mouth was that he
didn't want to bother the neighbors.  What neighbors I thought, the closest ones
are a half mile or better away. At this point I just knew I would not like what
was coming, and I really believed that.

    He then went back behind me again and lifted my arms even more to the point
that I though that I was going to faint.  Once they were where he wanted them he
stepped back to admire his handy work - I guess.  The next thing I knew I felt a
belt or some thing strike me accrosed the ASS.  The pain was intense and
stinging.  The second and third blow came one right after the other.  Then there
was a short period before more came.  It didn't take many before I was trying to
scream and cry and move around.  But being in the suspended position I was it
hurt even more to do that.  AND HE KNEW IT:

    He whipped me several more times before going over and sitting back down. I
could hear him telling Linda and Barb that he wanted to whip me at least once
more then leave me to think about what i said.  Believe me I was already
thinking about what i said, and more time was not needed. But TRUE to his word
he came back and whipped me several more times.  By now I was almost to the
point that I didn't feel a thing, and I think he knew it.  So after he finished
whipping me he jerked on my arms one more time and put me in even more strain
and pain.

    He then walked over to Linda and Barb and said the time was late  and he
needed to go.  He asked if Barb could drive him to his car, and she agreed. He
then asked Linda if she would be kind enough to let me down at her convince, and
she agreed.  So the next thing I heard was the front door opening and closing
and a car leaving.  Yet I was still the same way I was and now had to depend on
Linda for any relief.

    She walked over to me and told me that sense I looked so comfortable that
she would leave me until it was time to go to bed.  GOD that was over an hour
from now!  She did just as she said, and when it was time to get some sleep she
let me down and I went to my room.  It took me a good while to get to sleep as I
needed to let my body come back to normal.

    But I did get some sleep that night and even though I was sore the next day
I never let on.  I had hoped that Linda would never ask him back again, and if
she did I was out of town.  I really wanted to believe that Linda didn't learn
any thing from him and do what he did to me again her self. To this day I still
hope that...........

    My life has a new meaning and it should be obvious that this will continue
->




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  rdragon


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





