BDSM Library - A Good Time for Victoria




A Good Time for Victoria
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Victoria goes for a getaway with her boyfriend and gets more that she bargained for. A very short story.
A Good Time for Victoria




A Good Time for Victoria

     The drive was making her tired but Victoria looked forward to the end of
the journey.  Her lover had given her instructions to the cabin at the lake and
the key the last time they had been together.  Paul had told her he would arrive
within thirty minutes of her and that she should be ready for an awesome
weekend.  Victoria had set aside the entire week, knowing Paul would return on
Wednesday and stay for the balance of the week and the following weekend. 
Everything was set for what Victoria anticipated would be word from Paul that he
was ending his marriage of five years to Rachel and they would soon be together
on a permanent basis.  It was these thoughts that passed through her head as she
turned off the main road onto the road that would take her to the very secluded
cabin.  These thoughts of Paul without the baggage of Rachel fueled the hot
burning in her pussy.  Victoria had never known such sexual satisfaction as she
did with Paul.  It was during their first encounter that Paul had tied Victoria
up and fully introduced her to the art of bondage and torment.  Now she was
headed to this secluded cabin to spend a week of vacation getting tied up and
taken to her sexual limits and perhaps beyond.  All thanks to Paul, Rachel's
soon to be ex.

     Pulling up to the cabin, Victoria parked her car and looked at the view. 
The stream was just about one hundred yards away, and the main road was nine
miles behind her.  There was the cabin and the barn with both being somewhat
rustic.  Taking her purse Victoria closed the door to her car and walked up to
the front door, pulling her keys out to use the one to this door.  Opening the
door, Victoria entered and nearly fell over the door with the note laying in the
seat.  Picking up the note and turning on the light at the same time she noticed
how wonderfully well decorated the cabin was as opposed to the rustic look of
the exterior.  Now Victoria focused on the note in her hand and began to read,
"Sweetheart, I will be joining you soon, but first I want you prepared for me. 
Follow these instructions immediately so you will be ready when I arrive.  You
will do as instructed and as quickly as possible."  Victoria looked around and
then read on.  Go to the barn and look there for further instructions, but
before leaving you will take off all clothing you are currently wearing.  I
think you probably wore clothing on the drive up and you will not be needing any
for the next eight days.

     Setting down her purse Victoria quickly pulled off the clothes she had so
carefully picked out for the drive up.  Silly her, she thought, she had wanted
to make a good first impression on Paul for the upcoming week.  Now naked,
Victoria went back out the front door and looking around to see if anyone was
anywhere near while knowing that was not possible, Victoria tiptoed her way
across the gravel to the door of the barn.  Being summer, it was warm and sunny,
so the air on her bare skin had a very stimulating effect.  As she walked to the
barn, Victoria could only wonder why Paul had been the man to awaken these
erotic actions that she would never had imagined for herself.  As she opened the
barn door, Victoria noticed another chair with a piece of paper in the seat.  It
read, "Put the items you find in the cardboard box next to this chair on and the
read the instructions left in the bottom of the cardboard box.  I will be there
soon."

     Victoria opened the box and pulled out a ball gag which she snuggly put
into her mouth and onto her head.  After it was secured as well as she could on
her own, she pulled out the handcuffs and snapped on side to her left wrist. 
Kneeling down, she picked up the next set of instructions.  "In the back of the
barn in the last stall on your left is your next assignment.  Go there now and I
will be along shortly."  Making her way to the back of the barn Victoria opened
the stall and walked to the center of the stall, where there was yet another
chair.  These instructions brought a small frown to Victoria.  "On each side of
this chair you will find a cuff for your ankles.  Sit in the chair and attach
them.  Next you will stand and will see a hook above your head with a blindfold
attached.  I need not tell you what the blindfold is for, nor should you have to
ask.  Before you put it on, you will push the chair away from you.  Now you will
put on the blindfold and put the remaining handcuff on and attach the connecting
chain on the handcuffs in the hook above your head.  Be careful to not fall, as
being blindfolded may cause you to lose your balance.  I am near to you now." 

     Not wanting to be tardy, Victoria quickly did as instructed and completed
the instructions, surprising herself that the effort had served to turn her on
beyond her wildest imagination.  Here she was out in the middle of nowhere,
stark naked with her legs spread and chained, blindfolded with a ball gag
harness on, and her hands cuffed to a chain above her head.  She could not move
nor speak and this only added to her increased awareness of her current
situation of exposure.  Her pussy was throbbing and her nipples stood out at
attention, while her sense of sound picked up the distant sound of a car engine
she must have not heard earlier since she had hurried to complete her
instructions.  The car drew closer and closer and she realized her lover must be
near.  Finally, the car came to the cabin and stopped.  Victoria heard the car
door open and nearly fainted from anticipation.  Focusing as much as possible,
she heard the door on the car close and soon made out footsteps approaching the
barn.  The door opened and she heard steps approaching her.  Victoria noticed
how rapidly her chest was moving and wondered what a site this must make of her
tits.  She did not have to wait long to know what her tits must look like or if
they were appealing sticking out as they must be because of the warmth of the
air on them.  She felt it, she did not know what, touch her left nipple.  It
circled her nipple and occasionally brushed across the top of the nipple.  This
continued for about a minute when she felt the jaws of the nipple clamp bite
into her nipple.  She made a small groan as it was quickly applied and then felt
the caress of the other nipple begin.  And again, her other nipple was clamped. 
Not as severe as she would have thought, but she also felt the weight of what
must be a chain hanging from the clamps.  Victoria would learn soon enough what
use a nipple chain could provide.

     Time seemed to stand still for her as the blood swelled in her nipples. 
All the while Victoria felt the warmth grow in her pussy.  It was about to
become unbearable when she felt the first touch along her thighs.  It started
out light but soon became more urgent, and she was totally unaware of what it
was that was touching her.  It felt like perhaps a feather or maybe some sort of
scarf, but whatever it was it had her emotions on edge.  Just as suddenly it
stopped and moved from her thighs to her vagina.  Her lips were teased without
mercy, the object just continued to tickle her pussy lips and clit till she was
sure an orgasm was about to happen.  The person tormenting Victoria must have
guessed this also, as the object enraging her clit suddenly stopped. 
Immediately, she felt another object at the entrance to her pussy and she knew
this had to be a dildo of some kind.  It entered her easily as Victoria was
already wet from the arousal of being tied in a barn and tormented by the unseen
stranger.  The dildo was large but went all the way into her pussy.  As soon as
it was inserted all the way in her, Victoria felt the stranger twist it and the
dildo began to hum inside her.  This nearly drove Victoria over the edge, and it
was sometime before she was again aware of what was going on around her.  It was
only when she felt the touch of something at her asshole did she recover from
the edge of her orgasm.  Victoria had only encountered anal sex on three
occasions in her life.  They had all left her wanting more and so when the new
dildo at her anal opening began to enter her, she released one of the biggest
orgasms she had ever had in her life.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bigmike(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





