BDSM Library - On the Water




On the Water
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: These two couples had been talking about their lifestyles over the internet for one year. Now they finally met each other and had a fun trip on their boat: and their lives were forever changed.
On the Water

by Leviticus




On the Water.  Part 1



Laura and I sat alone together at a table for four.
We were in sunny Miami at the Gibson Hotel, a large monstrosity of a building
who's only saving grace was that it was planted squarely on the beach.
From our table on the patio we could see the sand and the ocean only a hundred
feet away, and further down the shoreline was a large mooring with over a dozen
yachts tied to it.
We sipped our drinks and watched the other hotel guests getting served by
hurried waiters and watched nervously as people came and went.  We hardly said a
word to each other, although I would swear that her thoughts were as filled as
mine. We had spoken enough about what we were going to be doing here over the
past months and now that the moment was almost here there seemed nothing more to
say.
All we could do was wait.
As we waited I couldn't help glancing at Laura, she was very beautiful, at least
to me.  She sat sipping at her water watching the entrance to the restaurant
intently. Her bright eyes wide and focused, her posture betraying her
nervousness.  She was dressed in the required red bikini, a thin wrap tied about
her waist almost her only other covering. At home she would have been indecently
underdressed but here next to the ocean she was just right.
The bikini was a little small, her breasts filling the cups to almost over
flowing. I had picked it out myself and was glad to see I had judged the size
just right.  When I had given it to her to put on in our hotel room Laura looked
at me as if I was mad, especially since I had removed the lining. But she put it
on for me and quickly got used to the way it looked and felt, just like I knew
she would.
She had been quite nervous as we came down here to the restaurant, but this mild
form of exhibitionism was nothing new to either of us and I knew she would be
okay.
Now she barely seemed to notice how well her nipples were outlined in the
material of her top.
I let my eyes drift up her chest to her neck to the only other thing she wore. 
A silver choker necklace. It looked great against her skin, molding the shape of
her throat. It was connected in back with a small padlock, hidden under her
hair.  It was padlocked because I wanted it that way, for Laura was not only my
wife and my soul mate, but also my very willing slave.
It was a love of bondage that had drawn us together a couple of years before. A
mutual hobby that had allowed us to explore each other as people in ways no
normal relationship could do. We had grown to love each other and after a year
she had consented to be my wife.  Our marriage allowed us the luxury of
continuing our exploration of our hobby and develop it into the meaningful power
exchange that now existed.
Ours was still a relationship in progress though, especially concerning BDSM. 
We BOTH had limits as to what we would do and how far we would take things. But
our careful stroll through the pleasures of submission and domination had
allowed us to test those limits comfortably and even take down a few.
Yes, over the time we had known each other we had found that we had many things
in common indeed and we were always looking to see what else was on our mutual
horizon.
We had many years ahead of us to test our limits.
In fact, we were testing one now, for it was BDSM among other things that made
us fly a thousand miles to Miami to sit at this very table today.
Not long before we married we began chatting with this friendly couple who also
shared our kink.  We began to slowly share our lives with each other, first in a
series of tales of our escapades, and then in more serious discussions about the
nature of what we were doing itself.
This couple, Ben and Amy, had been at it for a few more years than we had and I
had come to see them as a possible future example of what Laura and I might
become.
Ben had been a great help to me and had helped many times with problems and
doubts I had whenever Laura and I approached a limit that needed exploring.
Amy and Laura had also grown to be fast friends as they shared their unique
lives with each other in ways they couldn't with us men.
Yes, we owed a lot to Ben and Amy, and it was for them that we now waited.
Why was this a limit being pushed?
Well, this would be our first actual meeting with Ben and Amy, for all of our
correspondence had occurred online, using Email and various chat programs.  We
hadn't even seen each others faces, for we had both agreed never to send
pictures of each other over the internet.
I had to admit that in the back of my mind I was still afraid of the old
internet urban tale of the scrawny teenager faking his identity online just to
have some fun, but I wasn't taking it seriously.  No one could have faked the
help and the emotion of this relationship for over a year.
I was confident that Ben and Amy were real.
I smiled at the thought that they might think the same of us.  Well, we'd soon
know.
Laura stiffened and I looked over at the gate she was watching.
A couple had just entered. The man was in tan shorts and a flowered Hawaiian
shirt. He was tall, and looked as strong as a bull.  The woman looked tiny next
to him, slender with well muscled dancer's legs. She was dressed in a red bikini
and wrap, a gold choker about her neck. The bikini was the clue we were looking
for, it was how we were to recognize each other. When we told the women this
earlier they were both amused that they would have to be almost naked for us to
get together.
The couple stood next to the gate and it was the woman who spotted us first. She
smiled and tugged at her mate who quickly spotted us himself.
I smiled and looked over at Laura who was grinning from ear to ear. I could see
that she had already relaxed and to be honest so had I.  As the couple came over
we both stood up.
"Ben?" I asked the big man.
"Good to meet you at last, Don." Ben said, extending his hand.  I took it and we
shook, that first physical touch confirming the deep friendship we had developed
on our computer screens.
"It is indeed." I replied, almost laughing with released tension.
Ben did laugh and he slapped my shoulder.
I looked over at the women.
Laura had padded over to stand at my left elbow, while Amy had done the same to
Ben's right.  Both women smiled at each other but made no move to talk or to
break their position.
This had been asked of them during our negotiations over this meeting. They were
not to break their training even for this momentous occasion.
Ben and I both had the same thought, and we nodded at our charges. With a laugh
Laura and Amy embraced and we listened as the women greeted each other warmly,
finally able to do so in person.
Right then I knew this trip to be worth it.



We spent an hour in somewhat careful conversation, circling verbally the topics
we had discussed so candidly on our computer screens. We were friends yet
strangers at the same time, and it was an odd feeling.
But we all began to relax as time went on and eventually conversation drifted
into familiar territory without any of the hesitancy we suffered at the
beginning.
As we talked I found my eyes drawn to Amy, curious as to how she matched up to
the mental picture I had carried with me since we first started talking online.
She and Laura were of the same height, although Amy was slighter in build, not
quite filling her bikini as much as Laura did. She was also dark while Laura was
blond, and her hair was bobbed quite short unlike Laura's expansive mane.
I glanced at Ben and watched as he let his eyes drift over my wife's form.  I
had to admit to a small nagging feeling in my gut but it was very little indeed.
Ben had every right to look at Laura as I had every right to look at Amy.  After
all, we were both lovers of the female form and to have such beauties sitting
with us and NOT look at them would be ridiculous.
Drinks finished someone suggested a walk on the beach, so up we got.
As we descended the stairs to the sand I asked Laura for her wrap.  She glanced
at me with nervous eyes for a second and then took it off, handing it to me with
a smile.
Ben had done the same with Amy and we let the two women stroll ahead of us a
little ways.  As they walked I kept my eyes on their well muscled butts. Laura's
was practically bare in the thong I had gotten her, while Amy's was covered by
such a thin layer of material that it might well have been painted red instead
of clothed.
"Laura is a beautiful woman." Ben said to me once the women had walked out of
range.
"I know. I feel very lucky." I replied.  "I have to say the same about Amy,
she's gorgeous."
Ben chuckled.  "That she is."
"No wonder we have to keep them chained up!" I laughed. "I wouldn't want to let
either of them get away."
Ben smiled.  "I'm glad you guys made it. Amy and I were worried you might not."
I nodded, understanding his thoughts and fears.
"Are you ready for the rest of the trip?" Ben asked.
"Yes, we are.  It's good of you to take us with you."
"Hey, we go every year anyway and this time it will be a lot more fun with
company. Especially since with you guys we wont have to do anything different or
hide anything."
I smiled.  "Well, thanks all the same. Laura and I would never have been able to
afford doing this by ourselves."
"My pleasure."
"So, where are we going?" I asked him.
Ben turned and pointed out at the ocean. "Paradise!"



We had dinner together at one of Miami's elegant five star restaurants.  The
women were stunning in silk evening gowns that threatened to reveal more than
they covered.  Laura wore her hair up exposing her graceful neck and the lock on
the back of her collar.  She got plenty of looks for that and the fact that she
walked rather slowly into the restaurant.  She couldn't help it, under her dress
her thighs were connected together with a three inch chain which reduced her
stride somewhat.  I felt that now we knew where we stood with Ben and Amy there
was no reason for us not to resume our normal habits.  It was quite normal for
us to go out in public with Laura being in some form of hidden bondage.  We both
enjoyed it a lot.
Consequently we were late getting to our table and our friends were already
there.  Ben stood up while Amy smiled from her seat.  Ben waited patiently while 
Laura negotiated the final few feet and then we all sat down.
Ben gave me a wink, he had guessed what had kept us.
The choice of the restaurant had been Ben's. Unlike Laura and myself, Ben and
Amy were what you might call filthy rich and they had insisted on paying our way
for this trip.
We didn't mind one bit.
We chatted about normal mundane things while we waited for our food, but I saw
that Amy seemed a little distracted. She had her fork in one hand and would tap
it on the table gently as we talked.  I raised an eyebrow at Ben and he grinned.
"Here." he said, passing an object across to me. "You play with it for a while."
It was a small plastic box with a slider on it. Guessing what it was I looked
straight at Amy and pushed the slider up. She groaned and tried to keep a
straight face.
Laura laughed and Amy gave her a guilty look.
"Nice." I said, pulling the slider back and giving Amy some relief.
"I brought along another one if you care to join me." Ben said with a grin.
Laura's eyes opened wide, that cinched it for me. "That would be great. I'm sure
Laura would love it as well."
Now it was Amy's turn to giggle.
"Sir, I can't with my legs locked together." Laura whispered to me.
"I'm sure you'll find a way."  I said smiling.
Laura rolled her eyes as Ben passed her a small cardboard box.  Laura took it
and looked about the crowded restaurant.
"Do I have to do it here?" she asked me.
"I think the ladies room will be fine." I said.
Laura looked relieved and got up.   I watched as she made her slow way across
the room.
"Would you like to trade remotes?"  Ben asked me.
I was about to say yes, then got an idea.  "Amy, why don't you go see if Laura
needs any help." I asked.
Amy glanced at Ben who nodded. She got up and hurried after my wife. As Amy
walked away I saw that under her dress she had to have been wearing a very tight
corset.
I waited until she was gone before speaking. "Say Ben. I think we should hang on
to the remotes we have, but not tell the ladies. Lets keep them guessing as to
who is playing with them."
Ben chuckled.  "I always liked the way you make confusion and uncertainty a part
of your games.  Sure, let's do that."
I laughed.  "A toast to an interesting evening." We raised our glasses and
drank.
"Should we let them cum at all?"  he asked.
"What do you think?"
Ben smiled.  "Watch Amy's face, when she closes her eyes that means she's
getting really close, and you know when to back off."
I couldn't help chuckling.  "With Laura it's when she starts to pant. If she
breaths with her mouth open you had better back way off!"
We both laughed and were still grinning when the women came back.
"I think we're in trouble, Laura."  Amy said, watching us closely.
"Yeah, I know that look." Laura agreed, sticking her tongue out at me. She
suddenly jumped as the vibrator she had recently put in herself must have
started.
I held her eyes for a moment and then looked away.
As dinner progressed I kept the remote hidden in a pocket, changing the setting
up or down as I saw fit.  Amy proved to be a wonderfully responsive woman and
quite often her eyes started to close as she tuned out the conversation to tune
in something else.  I could sense the frustration whenever I pulled the slider
down, a frustration that had her almost in tears at one point.
Laura also looked like she was running a sexual marathon. Her beautiful hair was
coming unraveled, as was her demeanor.
She was breathing very deeply and when desert came she just pushed it around her
plate.
I would trade smiles with Ben every so often as we talked, the two of us
enjoying the torment we were putting our women through.
When Ben suggested dancing after dinner he got murderous looks from both women
but I agreed. So off we went to the dance floor and I got to dance with my
partner for life while she dealt with the invader in her loins.
"Donald, this is driving me nuts." she whispered in my ear.
"I know, sweetheart. I've been watching you." I answered in kind.
"Couldn't you please turn it down a little, Sir?" she asked.
"Are you sure you should be talking to me?"
She pulled back and stared at me for a moment and I saw that only now did she
realize that I might not be the one at the controls of her vibrator. She glanced
over at Ben who was slow dancing with Amy.  "You cant be serious." she said.
"Maybe I am, maybe I'm not." I said with smile.
Laura got a worried look on her face. "I hate it when you do this." she said.
I pulled her close to me. "No...you don't."
Laura sighed in my arms.  "No...I don't."
After a couple more songs Ben and I switched partners.
Amy was indeed the same height as Laura, but holding her was like holding a
delicate flower, I was afraid I would break her.
"Having a good time?"  I asked her.
"Do you still have my remote...Sir?"  Amy asked, the lids of her eyes half shut.
"Maybe." I said smiling.
"Grrrr." she said with a chuckle. We danced slowly and I could feel her
breathing, short quick breaths.  I knew Amy was very into corsets but since that
was one kink Laura and I didn't share this was my first real encounter with
someone who wore one.
"You okay?" I asked her.
Amy nodded. "Yeah, except that I'm sure I'm leaving a wet spot on the back of my
dress!"
She wasn't, neither was Laura, I had checked. If they had I'm sure Ben and I
would have spirited them away.
We danced a little more and then decided it was time to go.
"An early start in the morning." Ben had told us earlier.
Ben and Amy saw us to our hotel, and in front of the women we exchanged remotes,
making them both groan.
"We'll see you at the boat in the morning." Ben said. "Are you sure you can find
it?"
"We'll be fine." I said to him.  We shook hands and they went on their way in
the cab we had hired.
I escorted my wife up to our room.
As soon as we were in our room Laura began to undress. A standard rule with us
was for her to be nude when ever possible.  We were both nudity nuts and went
around without clothes whenever we could.
I undressed slowly while watching my wife strip as quickly as she could.  I
didn't care for slow sensuous strip teases, much preferring the havoc of clothes
flying everywhere in the effort to get down to skin.
Very quickly all that was left was the collar about her neck, the linked cuffs
holding her thighs together and the vibrator in her sex.
"Sir, may I remove the vibrator now?" she asked me.  Her instructions to strip
never included any restraints or toys.
"Wouldn't you like to cum first?" I asked her.
Laura grinned and I pushed the slider all the way up on the remote.
Laura sank to her knees and rocked back and forth, head down. I knew she wanted
to reach between her legs or rub her nipples, but I didn't allow her to do that.
I went over to our toy bag and got her sleeping cuffs, locking the soft leather
cuffs on her wrists as she rocked slowly to orgasm.
Laura is somewhat vocal as she cums and this time was no different. Her breaths
come out in an almost a sing song quality and I love to hear her.
By the time she was done she had her hands cuffed behind her.
"Wild!" she said with a tired grin.
I laughed and had her stand. I reached for the vibrator and pulled it out. It
was penis shaped with a clit stimulator coming out of one end. I liked it and
put it in the bathroom sink to be washed. Then I unlocked the link between her
thigh cuffs and Laura headed for the bathroom.
Laura was back by the time I finished undressing and at my bidding she was soon
in bed where I eventually joined her.
We made slow passionate love, with me eventually entering her from behind while
Laura sang her breathless song of love.



End of Part 1.




On the Water  part 2



We arrived at the boat at around nine the next morning.  It had been easy to
find, parked in the marina next to the hotel.  'Kajira' was emblazoned on the
transom, and I wondered how many people knew what the name of the boat actually
meant.
The boat was fairly large, maybe fifty feet in length to my untrained eye. It
had a single mast and lots of rigging and looked to be in very good condition.
There was no one to been seen.
"Ahoy!" I shouted with a grin, getting into the spirit of the occasion.
A door at the rear of the cabin opened and a head poked out.  It was Ben.
"Hi there, come aboard. We were just finishing breakfast!"
We waved and stepped aboard. Ben came out onto the rear deck to meet us.  "Just
the two bags?" he asked.
"Yep, you said to travel light." I replied.
"Good. You should have room for all your stuff in your cabin." he said with a
smile. "Come on in!"
Laura and I followed Ben below into what turned out to be a very roomy area.
To our left was a booth with a table at which Ben and Amy had been eating, on
the right was a nook filled with dials and buttons which I later found out was
for all the radios and navigation equipment. There was also an autopilot that
could steer the boat as well a joystick that could copy the action of the wheel
out on the helm.
Down a few steps beyond the booth was the kitchen, or galley I should say, and
that was where Amy was.
Both Amy and Ben were in shorts and T-shirts and both were barefoot. They made
me feel over dressed in my slacks and shirt, while Laura was back in her bikini
and wrap.
"Hi Don, hi Laura." Amy said, stacking food into a cupboard.
"Hi, nice place you have here!" I replied.
"Isn't it?" Ben agreed. "I love this boat. Come on I'll give you a tour. Amy!
You show Laura where they'll be sleeping then you can finish cleaning up!"
"Yes Sir!" Amy said with a grin.
I watched for a moment as the two women greeted each other and then followed Ben
forward into the bowels of his floating home.
He showed me the Master State room squeezed as far forward into the boat as it
could get. It was surprisingly roomy and had a full sized double bed and lots of
storage space. It even had a private bathroom...sorry, head, with a shower.
Aft of that was the galley and a seating area and aft of that up a few steps
were the booth and navigation console I already told you about.
He then took me aft past the steps we had used to enter the boat, stepping down
a couple more steps  as we did so, and there was another head shared by two more
cabins. One cabin was a single and would go unoccupied this trip, the other had
a double bed and would be ours.
It was small but it didn't seem cramped at all. I figured we wouldn't have any
problem staying here for a while.
One thing I was really glad for was the head room. At no time did I have to duck
my head which made me happy.
Ben was very happy, showing off his toy. I nodded and made polite remarks as he
told me where the engine was (under the floor of the booth which was why we had
to go up and down steps to get from one end of the boat to the other), how much
fuel it carried and how far we could go. He showed me every electronic toy he
had and when we went up on deck he continued his tour by showing me the wheel
and controls which he could use to pilot the boat.
"What I really like about this model is that in bad weather I can switch control
of the boat to the controls inside and stay nice a dry. The windows around the
pilot house give me full visibility."
"Very nice." I said.  I was watching the women.  Laura and Amy were on the
foredeck, that is the deck in front of the mast and roof of the cabin and pilot
house.  Laura was evidently getting her own tour.
"Amy!" Ben called out. "I told you to finish cleaning up!"
"I just thought I'd give Laura a quick tour!" Amy called back.
"Did I say anything about giving Laura a tour?" Ben said seriously.
Amy's smile faded.  "No Sir."
"Then get below, now!"
"Yes Sir." Amy turned and walked back to us, passing us without a word as she
headed below.
Laura stood where she was, looking a little unsure of what she should be doing.
I decided to rescue her. "Laura, why don't you go unpack us and then go sit at
the table when you're done."
"Yes Sir." Laura said gratefully, and she quickly followed her sister in
servitude inside.
Ben smiled. "I think Amy's enthusiasm is getting the better of her."
"I understand. If you need to discipline her don't feel you have to pull back
just because we're here." I replied.
"Don't worry, I wont.  Fancy a beer?"
"Sure!" I replied.
We went back below and Ben had me sit in the booth. He went to the galley and
came back with a beer for me and a cola for himself.  I knew Ben was a
recovering alcoholic and that he must have laid on the beer just for me. It made
me a little uncomfortable drinking it.
"Don't worry about it." Ben told me, reading my mind. "If you having a beer was
going to bother me I never would have brought any aboard."
"Thanks Pal." I said.
We waited together as the women attended to their chores, talking about nothing
much until first Laura and then Amy joined us.
"Okay." Ben said. "Now for a quick but serious lecture."
I sat back and waited to hear what our host had to say.
"First of all, thank you both again for taking the time to come with us. I know
we're both really glad for this chance to finally meet you." said Ben.  Laura
and I smiled and returned the sentiment.
"In a few minutes we'll be heading out and we'll be on our own until we return
or hit a populated port. Therefore certain rules of the sea will apply.  Don,
while I would not presume to butt in on your special relationship with Laura,
there may be times when I will have to give her commands that I will expect to
have obeyed. As the Captain of our little crew it's important that I have total
command in certain situations where the safety of us all is concerned.
This would also mean you yourself doing what I ask when I ask when I need your
help with the boat.
Do you agree?"
I had been thinking about this already, and had already decided on my answer.
"Sure Ben. You can count on me and Laura. In fact, Laura! From this point on Ben
is as much your Master as I am.  You obey him just like you would obey me!"
Laura looked up at me for a moment, then gave Ben a nervous glance. I could tell
she was both scared and excited at the prospect of being commanded by another
man. She had done tasks for him before online, but this was different. Here she
would be under his direct command in full view of him.
She nodded, nervously.
I looked at Ben who had sat back at my announcement.
Ben and I had talked about this online before committing to this trip and had
decided to see how things were going before taking such a step. I could see he
was surprised.
"That isn't necessary you know." Ben said.
"I feel it is Ben. I trust you with her."
Ben nodded and looked over at Amy who sat quietly watching us all.
I decided to speak up. "Don't feel you have to reciprocate right now.  Take the
time you wanted to and if you both feel it is something you cant do then that's
fine." I smiled.
"I have a question, Sir." Amy said to me.
"Yes?"
"Will this arrangement include...sex?"
I hesitated before answering. So far Laura and I had never gone beyond each
other for sex, we had never seen the need to.  "I would rather it didn't."  I
said.  Laura smiled at me a little relieved I guessed.
Amy stared at Ben who stared back at her. I thought I perceived a small nod on
Amy's part.
"Don." Ben said. "I'm not that comfortable right now with it. But I will allow
her to serve you in non sexual ways, and you are free to discipline her as the
need arises."
"That's fine." I said, meaning it.
"Maybe once we get to know each other better." Ben told me.
I nodded.
"Alright. But back to my lecture, I want to make it clear that the final
decision about everything on this trip is mine. Understood?"
We all said yes.
Ben smiled. "Okay then. Everybody on deck, and let's cast off!"
Laura and I followed our hosts outside and we sat at the stern next to the
pilot's console watching Ben and Amy get the boat ready to sail.
Ben stood at the wheel flipping switches and I could hear fans blowing below
somewhere.  Amy was on the pier unplugging a power cord that ran to an outlet
box.
"Time to teach you a few things about running this boat in case you have to do
it yourself."  Ben said to me.
"Sure!"
"Okay. Now this is important. These switches here are for the blowers, fans in
the engine compartment. Unlike the engine of a car which is open underneath, the
engine of a boat is in an enclosed compartment. Fumes can build up in that space
and if you were to start the engine you might ignite them and blow up the boat.
So always remember to run the blowers first, they clear the air so you can start
the engine safely."
I nodded.
Amy had by this time coiled up her power cord and had put it away somewhere. Now
she was in the process of untying each of the ropes that held us to the pier.
Ben showed me how to start the engine and there was a throaty roar as the diesel
started.
"If we have an engine, why do we have a mast?" Laura asked.
"Because, dear Laura, once we get out to sea I'll shut off the engine and we'll
go on under wind power. The engine is only really used in places where the sail
is unmanageable, and to charge the batteries." Ben told her with a smile.
Amy stood at the bow, a rope in hand.  "Ready to cast off Captain!" she yelled
with a grin.
"Cast off!" Ben yelled back.
With a clever flick of her wrist Amy pulled the rope off the last stanchion
holding us to the pier and we started to drift away.
"Here we go!" said Ben, applying power.
Laura and I grinned at each other as the boat began to move. It was going to be
an adventure for both of us since neither of us had spent any real time aboard a
boat before. For sure neither of us had ever gone to sea.
Amy finished coiling ropes and came and gave Ben a hug.
"Sir, may Laura come up front with me?" she asked me.
I nodded and with a smile both women headed for the foredeck where a couple of
low riding deck chairs awaited.
I stood next to Ben and watched as he deftly handled the big boat, steering it
around other yachts that were either moored or moving like we were. Soon we were
well clear of the shore and heading away from land.
I looked on with interest as Ben piloted.  At his elbow was a chart with a few
lines drawn on it, our course? He would glance down at it occasionally but his
attention was split between the compass in front of him, the radar screen  to
his left and the sea around us. As we got further out he spent less time looking
around and more time looking at the radar.  He seemed satisfied however and he
began to smile.
"I have the radar set at ten miles." he told me. "There are just a couple of
other vessels in the area and they're heading in the other direction. We
shouldn't get any closer to them than we are now."
I nodded. Only barely able to tell what the blips on the screen could be.
He flipped a couple more switches and let go of the wheel.
"Now the autopilot has it." he explained. "It'll keep us on course. I also have
the radar set to sound an alarm if it sees anything within five miles of us.
That's plenty for daylight. We'll run on the engine for a few hours to make sure
the batteries get a good charge."
"You're the boss!" I said laughing.
Ben grinned. "In that case..."  He stepped away from the wheel and lent forward
against the roof of the pilot house.
"Ladies!" he yelled. "At sea uniform is now required!"
Laura looked back confused but Amy giggled.
"What's the at sea uniform?" I asked Ben.
"I think you'll like it." Ben said to me.
Amy stood up and glanced at me for a moment before reaching under her shirt for
her shorts. She pulled them down to her ankles with one movement and stepped out
of them. Then she reached for the hem of her shirt. In seconds it was off her
body and lying on the deck.  Amy now stood in nothing but her gold collar, her
arms wrapped around herself nervously.
"You're right." I said to Ben, who chuckled. "Come on Laura, you're out of
uniform!" I yelled.
Laura looked from Amy to me and back again and then stood up.
We were going a pretty good pace and the wind blew her hair wonderfully.  She
undid her wrap and let it drop to the deck. She took a deep breath and soon her
bikini followed. Now both women were naked except for their collars.
"As I said before...beautiful." Ben said to me.
I agreed. I also noticed that neither woman had any real tan lines, so being
outdoors nude was nothing new to them.
The women stood in the breeze of the boat's passage hugging themselves, staring
at each other and at us men. Then Laura began to giggle and she relaxed her
arms. Her laughter was infectious and Amy began to join in. Then to my surprise
Amy dropped her arms and did a little pirouette.
Laura did one too and the two women held hands laughing at I don't know what,
the ice broken.
I grinned at Ben.  "I'm heading below to change out of these slacks." I said to
him.
He looked me up and down. "Good. And from now on no shoes aboard the 'Kajira'."
I gave him a mock salute and  went below.
Our cabin was neat, with no sign of our luggage. I looked in a couple of drawers
and in the hanging locker (closet to you land folk) and discovered where Laura
had put all my stuff.
Most of the clothes were mine. All we had brought for Laura to wear apart from
her bikini were some shorts and a couple of shirts, and her evening dress.
I changed into shorts, deciding to go bare chested, and then looked for our
second bag.  This bag was our toy bag, and I wanted a couple of things from it.
I found what I was looking for and headed back up top.
I padded barefoot along the teak deck to where Amy and Laura sat naked sunning
themselves.  Amy saw me coming and her hands began to move to cover herself up.
I understood her action, it would be a little while before she got used to being
nude around me.
"Laura, you comfortable?" I asked my wife.
"Oh yes, especially now!" she giggled, shaking her bare breasts at me. Oh how I
love it when she does that.
"Good." I said, pulling from behind my back what I had dug out of our toy bag. 
It was her leather cuffs, one for each ankle and wrist.
Laura smiled when she saw them and then glanced at Amy with a guilty look. Amy
smiled.
"Come here." I ordered.
Laura got up and stood while I locked the cuffs on her. I intended her to wear
them for the rest of the trip but didn't tell her that.
Then I took a small padlock from my pocket and connected her ankles together.
"I was wondering how long my freedom would last!" Laura said as I did this.
"I don't think you're going to have much freedom from now on." I said with a
grin.  Laura wrinkled her nose at me.
I helped her back into her chair and lifted her wrists over her head. With a
second padlock I locked them there to the chair and she was trapped.
"Now you can work on that tan." I told her.
"But what if another boat comes?" she asked me.
"I don't know, I guess we'll just hope they aren't pirates!"
"Donald!" she whined, wriggling deliciously.
I laughed and bent low to kiss her, letting my hands roam a little. When I broke
the kiss Laura looked over at Amy, red faced with embarrassment. Amy was
watching us with a grin on her face.
"Amy. Why don't you go get Laura and yourself something to drink. I'd like you
to watch her and take care of her for a while. If she gets too red from the sun
help her turn over, I don't want her burnt." I said.
"Yes Sir." she said with a grin and she jumped up and headed aft.
"You okay with all this?" I asked Laura once Amy had left.
Laura nodded. "I'm a little scared, but it's easier than I thought it would be."
"And if Ben wants to play?" I asked.
"I'll be okay with that, as long as you are."
I nodded and kissed her once more, then left her alone to head back to Ben.
We had traveled a good distance away from the coast by now and the ocean swells
had picked up a little. Nothing big, but the 'Kajira' was certainly rocking. You
could tell we were really at sea now.
I had to hang on to the rigging as I walked back to the stern.
"I saw you cuffing Laura." Ben said from his seat at the wheel.  He wasn't
actively steering anymore, but he was watching the autopilot.
"Yes, that's okay isn't it?"
"Sure, but when she has to move I suggest you let her hands stay free so she can
hold on to things. Below you can keep her cuffed up. I don't want her or Amy
falling overboard."
"Sure!" I said, agreeing.
Amy came out on deck and made her way forward without holding on to anything.
She definitely had her sea legs and what wonderful legs they were!
I watched as she pulled her chair closer to Laura's and begin to share a drink
with her.
"You know," I said to Ben. "I'm really looking forward to this trip!"
Ben smiled, and we watched our nude women as they began to renew their online
friendship.


End of Part 2






On the Water  part 3



After a simple but good lunch prepared in the galley by our two beautiful slave
girls, Ben decided to shut off the engine and transfer to sail power.
Again Laura and I watched from the stern as Ben and Amy unpacked a sail and
hoisted it to the sky.  Ben kept up a running commentary as he trimmed the sail
with various winches and he told me that next time I would be helping instead of
Amy.
That was fine by me. I was anxious to learn all I could about running this boat.
The boat felt different under sail than it did propelled by it's diesel engine. 
The ride seemed smoother to me and we rocked less in the swells which had
themselves calmed down.
There was also a slight list to one side as the wind pushed hard on our bright
colored sail.
It was exhilarating.
A short while later I was enjoying myself on the fore deck, seated in one of the
deck chairs with a beer in one hand.
I was now nude, my shorts left in our cabin after lunch, and thoroughly enjoying
the warm Caribbean sun on my skin.
Not that the sun could reach all of it however.  Kneeling on the deck between my
legs, her hands locked behind her, her feet cuffed to two chains that were
attached to the deck rail, was my wife. She was in no position to take in the
view for her head was buried in my crotch, her delicate tongue lapping gently at
the head of my penis, her lips moving up and down the shaft.
The feelings were exquisite!
I watched the water as we sped over it, doing a better speed with the wind than
we had with the engine.  A fine salt spray would come over the bow from time to
time as we plowed through the waves, keeping us cool in the warm sun.
The combination of speed, sun, beer and Laura's unceasing attention made this a
perfect moment.
Every so  often I would glance back at Ben who sat at the helm. I could just see
his head and shoulders and he looked very relaxed and in control as he piloted
his baby across the sea. From talks with him I knew that being able to sail was
his one big luxury, something he did to get away from the pressures of his
business.  He was in his element.
It also didn't hurt that he had someone like Amy to keep him company.  I wasn't
quite sure what their relationship actually was. They weren't married, yet in
many ways they were.  I gathered that Ben had met her at a party and through
circumstances beyond their control he had ended up taking her home. She had been
there ever since, going on many years now.
I smiled. I couldn't see Amy from where I was, but I knew she was there with
Ben.
He had bent her over the transom, the back of the boat, and tied her into
position. All she could see was the water scant feet below her head rushing out
from under the rear of the boat as it sped along.  But all anyone could see of
her was her wide spread legs and naked ass as it stuck up high and vulnerable.
Amy was within reach of where Ben sat and I knew that he was keeping one hand on
her ass as much as he could, stroking it and giving it little love pats.  I knew
he wouldn't hit it too hard though, he would spill his drink.
Why would he spill his drink I hear you ask. Well after Ben tied Amy down he
showed me an interesting drink holder he had picked up someplace. It looked like
a regular plastic cup holder that you would buy for a car, except that the
mounting end had a large butt plug stuck to it.
Amy's position was perfect for it's use.  All he had to do was grease it up and
insert it, then put his can of pop in it.
Very handy.
I don't know what Amy thought about her ass being used as a drinks holder but I
couldn't wait to try it on Laura.
And so the afternoon went.
After a while I took Laura below and we made love together in our bunk, while
Ben sat contented at the wheel.
Then later after a quick lesson from Ben I relieved him while he took Amy down,
and I got my wish to try the cup holder on Laura.
Ben didn't seem to mind my being nude, although he made no move to join the rest
of us.  Amy smirked the first time she saw me.



It was an hour later when I first saw land.  Ben came up at that time and took
over the helm.
"Is that our destination?" I asked him.
He shook his head.  "Not yet, but close.  I have a special spot in mind for us
to anchor in tonight."
"Where are we?"
"The Bahamas, there are hundreds of small islands around here."
I nodded. "Where's Amy?"
Ben grinned.  "Resting."
I smiled.
I watched as Ben guided us around the island I had spotted and headed in the
direction of another. At one point he sat back and absentmindedly put his hand
on Laura's butt for she was still bound as Amy had been over the transom.
He jerked his hand away and I smiled. "Don't worry about it." I said to him.
Ben chuckled and pinched one of Laura's butt cheeks, making her squeal.
He steered us around several more islands before speaking again. "Don, can you
go below and get Amy for me, it's almost time to stow the sail."
"Sure." I said, eager to see how Amy was resting.
I found her in the Master Stateroom, hogtied nude on the bed.  She was also
blindfolded and gagged with a ball gag while ropes kept her centered on the bed.
She looked delicious.
I crept up to her and ran a finger along her side. She squealed and wriggled,
doing interesting things with her body.
I laughed and began undoing the ropes that held her to the bed and her hogtie. 
I took the blindfold off as well but left her gag in. She was supposed to be
able to help with the sail and I couldn't see why she had to be able to talk.
When the blindfold came off Amy seemed startled to see me and began to blush.  I
guess being bound nude with a nude man who wasn't your partner would make a
woman do that.
"It's okay Amy. I'm just here to untie you, Captain's orders."
Amy grinned behind her gag and allowed me to finish untying her. Of course I
couldn't help "Accidentally" brushing a few strategic places on her body as I
did so.
We went back up on deck and Ben directed us both while he stayed at the helm.
I worked the unfamiliar rigging and helped to fold the sail into its container
on the boom. While we were stowing it away Ben fired up the engine and we
continued under diesel power.
The islands were pretty close together here and I was beginning to wonder if Ben
knew where he was going when he eventually guided us into a small bay next to an
island with  sandy beach.  He stopped the boat and he used not just one but two
anchors spread wide apart to hold us in place.
"Beautiful isn't it?" Ben said.
I had to agree, and I wondered what Laura thought of it. Then I remembered that
from her position all she could see was the back of the boat.
I untied her and she stood up stiffly, rubbing her back, the ends of her long
hair wet from being dragged in the water. I guess I had left her bound like that
a little too long.
She looked around and smiled though. "Very romantic!" she said.
"It's private too. The odds are against anyone else coming here tonight." Ben
said.
"Have you been here before?" I asked.
"Every year for the past five." he answered.
"Do we get to go ashore?" Laura asked him.
Amy giggled.  "You tired of sea life already?"
"Oh no, I was just..." Laura looked worried, like she had said the wrong thing.
"Don't worry Laura, we'll go ashore and have a picnic tonight. In fact why don't
you girls unpack the rowboat now." Ben ordered.
"Yes Sir." said both women.
Ben winked at me. "While the ladies labor, you fancy a swim?"
"Sure!" I answered.
Ben walked to the transom and undid a catch, allowing part of it to swing down
revealing steps that led down to the water.
"Great!" I said, and I followed him into the lagoon.
The water was warm and felt great to my sweat soaked body. We swam about and
were watched jealously by our woman who struggled to lift a row boat off the
roof of the 'Kajira'.
"Shouldn't we help them?"  I asked Ben.
"They'll be fine." the big man replied.
They were. Amy and Laura successfully moved the row boat from the roof to the
water without sinking it. Amy jumped into the water to push the boat around to
the rear, while Laura stood in all her naked glory on the deck, her dark wrist
and ankle cuffs in stark contrast to the rest of her skin.
"Come on in Laura, it's great!" I yelled.
Laura smiled and jumped in, and soon the four of us were swimming and splashing
and having a great time.
Afterwards Laura and I shared the deck hose for a shower while Ben and Amy used
their private shower inside. Then the ladies gathered food and drink and we all
took the row boat to shore.
Ben had removed his shorts when he showered so now he was as naked as the rest
of us. It seemed right somehow.
It was good to be on dry land again, even though the sand was hot to the touch. 
As soon as we hit the beach Amy handed us a can of bug spray.
"Use lots." she told us so we did.
Ben and I then looked for fire wood while the women set up the picnic and as the
sun began to sink into the horizon we had a good fire going.
It was peaceful and miles away from the busy hotel we were at only this morning.
I loved it.
I sat next to Laura whose ankles I had locked together with a padlock before we
left the boat.  Amy was similarly bound and Ben and I enjoyed the fact that our
women would not be able to go a wondering tonight.
"So how did you like your first day at sea?" Ben asked after we had eaten.  He
had Amy in his arms and was caressing her breasts gently with one hand.  They
looked good snuggled together.
"Words fail me." I answered with a smile.
Everyone chuckled.
"How about you Laura?"  Ben asked.
"Well, I didn't get to see much of it this afternoon."  she said with a grin.
"Really?" said Amy, "Me neither!"
I laughed with the others.
"Perhaps well give you both a better view tomorrow." Ben said with a grin.
"I know that look." Amy said, playfully punching Ben.
"What?" Ben asked innocently.
"You have something planned don't you." she asked him.
"Would it be any fun if I didn't?"
Amy smiled and looked a little guilty.  "No." she said.
"Are you going to tell us now or wait until later." I asked.
"Oh, it's better to wait." Ben said.
Laura groaned.  "What is it with you guys and your surprises!" she said.
"Don't you like our surprises?" I asked her, squeezing a nipple.
"Ow!...well...yeah, but still!"  she said almost giggling.
"Then you'll find out later."
Laura stuck out her tongue at me.
Ben looked at his watch, it was the only thing he wore.
"It's time Amy." he said.
Amy's smile faded.
I was puzzled for a moment until I remembered part of what I had learned about
their relationship.
It was punishment time.
Ben had coached me about how to deal with punishment if ever the need arose.  He
was a believer in strict discipline and the cane and it seemed he was not afraid
to use it when he thought it necessary.  He and Amy had established a punishment
routine that Laura and I were talking about using for ourselves.  At a certain
time each day punishment would be given out if anything had happened during the
day to warrant it.
I wondered what Amy could have done today to warrant being punished for.
Ben lifted her off him and she got to her knees on the sand.
"Sir...?" Amy said, glancing at us.
Ben looked at Laura and me for a moment.  "I think they should watch this Amy. 
Considering how they are thinking of going the same route we did it will be good
for them."
Amy didn't look so sure. Online Amy and I had talked a lot about her
punishments, and while she had always been enthusiastic about their
effectiveness she had never said anything good about the act itself.  Neither
had Ben.
"If she likes it then it isn't a punishment." he had told me often enough.
Amy finally nodded and bent low, placing her head on the sand and grasping her
knees. She faced away from us, her butt up high.
"This morning at the pier I asked you to do two simple things, show Laura her
cabin and then finish cleaning up. You took it upon yourself to ignore or delay
my second order.  Think about that while I go get the cane."  Ben told her.  He
left the light of the camp fire and went to the row boat.
I looked at Laura who had a worried expression on her face.
"Are you okay, Amy?" Laura asked.
"Hush Laura." I whispered.
Ben came back, a rattan cane in his hand with a curved handle.
"Turn your head, Amy." he said to her.
Amy turned to face us. Laura took my hand.
"Amy. Anything to say?" he asked her.
Amy shook her head.
"Two strokes." he told her.
He took a stance and the cane fell.
Amy cried out, but didn't loose her grip on her knees. Her face was screwed up
in pain.
Laura gripped me tightly but didn't take her eyes of Amy's face. We both watched
in mute fascination as Ben struck again.
The sound the cane made as it went through the air was sharp, like a cartoon
sound effect, but there was nothing cartoony about how Amy cried out.  She
didn't break position though and she sobbed gently in her butt up position.
Laura moved as if to go to her.
"Stop." Ben said.  "Laura, you may go to her but don't touch her or cause her to
break position. I'll leave you my watch. She has to stay this way for fifteen
minutes, understand? Then you can touch her."
Laura nodded, but I could see she wasn't happy about it. I knew the
compassionate woman I married was just aching to comfort someone who she saw was
in pain. Just sitting idly by would be hard on her.
Ben took off his watch and handed it to her.
"Don, let's go for a walk." he said.
I got up and we left the fire behind.
For a few seconds I felt odd going for a nude stroll in the dark with another
man who was also nude. But the thought was quickly pushed out of my head by what
I had just witnessed.
After all the talk of punishment we had gone through online, the reality of it
was a bit of a shock.
"You okay?" Ben asked.
"I'm fine."
"You seemed a little white."
"I'm fine, but I have an important question to ask you." I said, it was true
there was something I really needed to know.
"Ask away."
"Was what happened really necessary or was that just for our benefit? I mean it
seemed like such a minor offense."
"Are you asking me if I'm the kind of guy that would whip a woman just to show
off?" Ben said evenly.
I thought about that for a moment.  "No, I don't think you would." I said.
Ben sighed. "Amy has a habit of occasionally picking and choosing which tasks
out of the ones I give her she wants to do.  Every once and a while I have to
punish something pretty minor in order to remind her that even the small things
are important.  Now for a while at least she'll pay attention to what I tell her
to do, and she'll know that even the small tasks can mean as much to me as the
big ones."
We walked in silence for a bit.
"You do understand don't you?"  he asked me.
"Yeah, I do. It's just applying it to Laura I'm having a hard time coming to
terms with."
"I know." said Ben. "That's what's been troubling you for a while."
"It's different now that I've seen it." I said.
"I know. Just wait until you try it yourself."
"What?" I asked, looking up.
"Amy and I have been talking about this, and so I gather have the girls. One of
the things we have planned to accomplish on this trip is deciding once and for
all if caning will work for the two of you."
"What do you mean, we?"
"We, as in Amy, Laura and myself."
I stopped walking and turned to Ben. "Are you telling me that the three of you
have been talking about this behind my back?"
"Hey, calm down.  Laura knows how difficult this is for you, and you cant tell
me that you haven't noticed how much of a masochist she is.  She's more ready
than you are to take this step."
"I don't know about that, she seemed pretty shaken up by it just now." I told
him.
Ben paused. "Where you watching her hands, when I was striking Amy?" he asked
me.
I shook my head. "No, but she was holding on to me."
"With one hand yes." Ben agreed. "But I noticed in the fire light that her other
hand was tucked between her legs."




We walked the whole way around the tiny island, not saying much after that. At
least I didn't.  Ben used the walk to reveal the master plan that they had put
together.
When Laura and I were ready, Ben was going to hand me his cane and teach me
personally how to use it.  I would use it on Laura, who Ben said felt she needed
to find out how it truly felt, and I would use it on Amy, the next time she
screwed up.  In fact all caning for the rest of the trip would be done by me
unless I choose to refuse. But to refuse here meant not going back to it at all. 
If I couldn't bring myself to whip Laura or Amy here under the best of
conditions then it was best that I left that side of BDSM alone.
As we walked I asked myself the question that had been bothering me for a year
now. Why was I so nervous about this? 
There was no clear answer.
We finally arrived back at the fire and found Amy and Laura sitting together. 
Amy was actually on her knees, I expected her butt was too sore to sit on.
Ben went directly to Amy and helped her to her feet. He bent low and hugged her
to him.
Laura and I watched quietly as Ben and Amy whispered together, an intimate
moment that touched us both.  It was then that I saw just how deeply in love Ben
and Amy were with each other, as they healed any possible resentment over the
caning with that brief but powerful embrace.
I hoped that Laura and I had that kind of love.
We gathered our things and loaded the row boat, Ben and I carrying our women to
the boat as we had earlier carried them from it.
Ben rowed us back and I sat staring at Laura in the dark. Was she really that
eager to taste the cane?
As we snuggled in our bunk a little while later I asked her.
"You're not mad are you?" she asked me.
"A little. You know I don't like things done behind my back. But I want to hear
the truth from you now. Do you want us to use the cane as your punishment from
now on?"
"I want us to try, I want to see how it feels. It has to be better than your
brooding and the way you ignore me when you're mad at me."
"So you want a BETTER punishment?" I asked.
"You know what I mean.  I want something quick, something that will be over with
quickly instead of the way things drag on right now."
I held my wife against me, her soft bare skin warm against my own.
"Okay, we'll try it. But like it or not, I'm the one that chooses whether or not
we keep doing it!"
"Yes...Master." she said with a shudder.
I held her tightly and we fell asleep.




End of Part 3






On the Water  part 4



I woke up the next morning alone, something that was very unusual for me. 
Normally Laura is there when I wake, still in her sleeping cuffs which are
locked behind her back. She has slept like this for over a year now, I wondered
where she had got to.
I got up and quickly used the head before pulling on a pair of shorts. I didn't
feel comfortable enough with Laura gone to walk around nude.
I headed forward and found Ben sitting in the booth, the remains of breakfast in
front of him.
"Hey!" he said with a smile. "There should still be toast left and you can help
yourself to whatever from the galley. There's coffee in the machine."
"Where's Laura?" I asked.
Ben smiled.  "Go up top, but don't disturb them, they have work to do. Another
rule of the sea."
"Ah." I said with a nod, wondering what was going on.
I padded up on deck and looked about for the women but didn't see them at first. 
It was only when I walked over to the port (left) side of the boat that I found
one of them.
She was on her knees, a bucket behind her, scrubbing the deck with a small
brush. Her ankles were hobbled with a stiff spreader bar about a foot long, to
which a chain was attached that went up and across the roof of the boat. From
the dark stripes on her ass I assumed this was Amy for I couldn't see her head
in her bent over position.  What I could see was nice though, and I spent a
quiet minute just watching the naked woman working.
The spell was broken when she sat up and dunked her brush  in the bucket. She
saw me and immediately began to blush.
I put my finger to my lips and motioned for her to stay quiet.
I left her and walked to the other side of the boat, noting that the chain was
wrapped around the mast, locked and then continued on to the other side of the
boat.
There I found my wife, in the same position as Amy doing the same job and
chained the same way with a short bar locked between her ankles.
She looked as sexy as hell scrubbing the deck nude and I felt like taking her
then and there. But decided to heed Ben's request instead.
I left her alone and went back downstairs.
"Rule of the sea?" I asked him, pouring myself a cup of coffee.
"Yep!  Every morning I expect the deck scrubbed before the slave girl can have
breakfast, and now that there are two of them I figured they should both be put
to work."
"Makes sense to me." I said, nodding. The coffee was good.
"It's just a little reminder to them that while us men are on vacation, they
aren't.  I like any action that reinforces their role."
I grinned. "As I said. It sounds good to me. How long have they been at it?"
Ben looked at his watch.  "About an hour and a half now. An alarm clock wakes us
up and I undo whatever bondage Amy might be in, then she starts her day. I had
her go wake Laura up right away. I had to cut open the padlock  you used last
night though. Sorry."
"I was wondering." I said.
"From now on why don't you use ours. They're kept in a draw in the forward
locker. I'll give you a master key that will open all of them." Ben offered.
"Suits me. Have they been scrubbing the deck all this time?"
"Nope. First duty is cooking breakfast, which they cant eat. Then its up on deck
polishing the rails and washing anything that isn't deck. Scrubbing the deck
comes last. It's usually a three hour job for Amy alone, but with Laura's help I
see them getting it done in two this morning. With a bit more practice that time
will come down some more."
"I bet they'll be hungry when they're done." I said with a grin.
"Oh yeah.  But first they shower and then they eat.  I was thinking though..."
"What?"
"Well, since they will be getting the job done twice as fast as normal, I
thought that maybe they should do it twice a day. Once before breakfast and once
after lunch. Unless you feel we can keep them occupied with other tasks?"
I sat back and thought about it for a second. "I'm sure we could keep them
occupied, but I like the idea of them doing basic work like this.  When does Amy
usually clean the inside of the boat?"
"When it needs doing usually." Ben answered.
"Well, why not make it an every day thing then for this cruise. Mornings are for
the outside of the boat and afternoons for the inside."
Ben held out his hand.  "Deal."
We shook and Ben moved over to the navigation nook.  "You'll have to excuse me
for a few minutes." he said.
"What's up?"
"I have to check the weather for today.  It's good to always know what's going
on when you take to the sea. Weather is a big deal when you're out on a boat."
I nodded and ate my food, watching Ben as he played with his radios.  The
weather report sounded good to both of us, and once Ben was done we both went up
on deck.
The women were on the fore deck now, scrubbing away with their heads down. I
could hear them chatting as they worked, and thought about whether or not they
should have been gagged first.  Just to be interesting.
I mentioned it to Ben. "Call me evil, but they sound too happy to me. Should
they be happy while they're working?"
Ben laughed.  "How about we see if it becomes a discipline problem first."
I smiled, but at his mention of discipline I thought about the marks on Amy's
ass and the caning we witnessed the night before.  Could I do that?
Ben began an inspection of the boat, checking to see how clean everything was.
He looked the part of the pirate Captain, as he gazed with a critical eye on his
vessel and the lowly slaves that strove to make it sparkle.
The women eventually made it to the end of the deck and they stood up carefully
in their hobbles. Laura was about to pick up her bucket but she stopped when she
saw Amy stand quietly with her head down.  I watched Laura look up at us for a
second before copying what Amy was doing.
Ben went and stood before them, I hung back a little. I could see that a little
drama was about to be played out.
"Who cleaned the starboard outboard rail?" he barked.
Laura looked up. "Me Sir."
"Eyes down slave girl." growled Ben in a deep voice. He was really getting into
character.
Laura looked back at the deck.
"The section next to the helm needs to be done again." he ordered.
"Yes Sir." Laura said, and began to move.
"Wait until I tell you to leave!" Ben said.
Laura froze.
"Amy, how many ropes are supposed to be in the port locker?" he asked.
"Four Sir." Amy whispered.
"I counted only three. Find the fourth and recoil the whole locker properly!"
"Yes Sir."
"When done put away your cleaning stuff and shower."
"Yes Sir." said both women.
Ben turned and grinned at me before turning back to the women.
"Go!" he barked.
Both women began shuffling as best they could in their hobbles and I watched
rather amused as they navigated around the boat. Their breasts jiggled
wonderfully as they moved, a sight I always enjoy. I also saw why the spreader
bars were so short, the deck around the cabin roof was not much wider than the
space they needed to get by.
Ben came up to me. "I usually try to find something wrong," he said, "if I don't
it means I haven't done MY job right."
I nodded and watched the women work.  It didn't take them long and soon Amy led
Laura onto the rear deck where they used the shower hose to wash themselves
down. The locker the hose was kept in also contained soap and shampoo and Amy
used it without a thought. Laura was a little hesitant not being used to
showering in full view of God and the world but she dug in.
They had to share the shower head, handing it back and forth and holding it for
one another. I thought it was a wonderful way for them to get to know each
other, getting clean together.
I wondered, as guys are apt to do, if the two women would develop a relationship
of sorts with each other.  I knew that Laura had experimented in college but
somehow the subject had never come up in my talks with Amy online.
I had no idea if she swung that way.
That was when I realized that if they did I wouldn't be bothered about it.  I
still had reservations about any sexual contact between Ben and my wife, but
found no such reservations toward Amy.
What is it about us guys that find it so easy to imagine the women around us in
lesbian fantasies?
Do women think about us men the same way?
Ben went below for a moment and came back up with a key on a chain. "Here, a
master key. You can wear it around your neck."
"Thanks." I said, taking it.
The women finished up and Ben and I unlocked the chain that held them to the
mast. Still in their hobbles but otherwise free Laura and Amy went below to eat,
Laura blowing me a kiss as she went.
"Come on, lets prepare to get underway." Ben said to me.



"You cant be serious!" Laura said to me.
We were standing on the roof next to the mast. The women were standing on
opposite sides, their backs to the mast. I had just finished fastening a set of
suspension cuffs to Laura's wrists while Ben did the same to Amy.
Laura had just guessed what the something special was that Ben had mentioned
last night.
"You'll be fine, trust me." I said.  Ben told me earlier what his plan was and I
had asked him the same question.
"But..." Laura began to say.
I put my hand over her mouth. "Hush. That's an order."
Laura looked scared, but she did as I asked.
I hooked her cuffs to the line hanging over her head as Ben had shown me and
then checked the line attached to her spreader bar.  All was in readiness.
"Good here!" I said to Ben.
The big man nodded and walked over to a winch. I gave my wife a kiss and did he
same.
Ben nodded and we both started cranking.
Laura cried out when the rope pulled up on her cuffs but otherwise stayed
silent. She looked at me with her big blue eyes as I kept on cranking, lifting
her off the deck to hang by her arms.
Behind her Amy was already off her feet and Ben and I kept cranking until both
women were almost to the top of the mast thirty feet above the deck.
"That's good." Ben yelled and we locked the winches down.
We grabbed the lines coming down from the spreader bars and tethered them to
cleats at the base of the mast. Now the women wouldn't swing about.
I looked up and saw both women in their naked glory, visible for miles around
and totally unable to do anything about it.
I loved it.
"You sure it will hold?" I asked Ben.
"The mast and the lines have to deal a lot more stress than that when the sail
is up." he said to me.
I figured they did.
"Take the helm." Ben ordered. "Start the engines and watch me, not the women. I
need to bring in the anchors. When I wave advance the throttle just enough to
get us moving."
"Aye Sir!" I said, saluting him.
Ben laughed and headed for the bow.
Sitting at the helm I saw that Ben had already started the blowers. I started
the engine and waited for Ben's signal. I am rather proud in saying that I
managed the boat quite well as Ben was able to pull the anchors up without any
problems.
He came back to me and we gazed at our women high overhead.
"We'll try to go as smooth as we can." Ben told me. "Our movements are magnified
up there and the top of the mast swings back and forth a lot.  As we sail
they'll find themselves suspended over water as well as the boat. All that
rocking will give them motion sickness and I wouldn't be surprised if one of
them throws up."
"Great!" I said sarcastically. "And this is supposed to be fun?"
"Well, fun for us!" Ben said with a grin.  I laughed.
Ben wouldn't take the helm, instead he instructed me in piloting the boat out of
the lagoon and out into open water.
I handled the boat very carefully but soon grew in confidence. I really enjoyed
the experience of driving something so large.
Every so often I would look up at Laura and wonder how she was doing. Was she
enjoying her time up there or was she praying for it to end?
I figured the latter.
We left them up there for an hour and then we brought them down, the autopilot
running the boat.
Laura collapsed in my arms until I could get her freed from the lines, then she
pushed me aside and dove for the deck rail. I held her as she threw up over the
side and helped her to sit on he deck.
"Are you okay?" I asked, worried.
"Yeah, just sea sick. God that was wild!" she said.
"You liked it?"
"It was holy terror being up there, most of the time I couldn't even see the
boat and I felt that I was just hanging out in space spread out for the world to
see.  It had to be the most terrifying exhibitionist stunt I've ever done!"
"I'm sorry." I said.
"What for? I loved it! But I don't ever want to do it again!"
Women, go figure.
I helped her up and took her below to clean up. Then, because she was still sick
I gave her some Dramamine and put her to bed to rest for a while.
On deck Amy had fared better, at least she hadn't tossed her cookies. She was
kneeling on the deck next to Ben who sat at the helm. She was still in her
hobble and she knelt because her butt was still to sore to sit on comfortably.
"Everybody okay?" I asked.
Amy gave me a brave smile.
"Where's Laura?"  Ben asked.
"I put her to bed for a while."
"Could you do the same for Amy, she might as well get some rest too."
"Sure, put her in your bed?" I asked.
"Oh please, can I share with Laura?" Amy asked. "It will give us a chance to
talk."
"I think you ought to be resting, not talking." Ben said.
"Oh please Sir!" Amy pleaded.
Ben relented.  "See that they rest." he said to me.
I smiled.
I led Amy to our cabin.  I had just connected Laura's hobble to the bunk with a
short chain, but I felt with both women there a little more was needed.
I undid Laura's chain and with the Master key Ben had given me I removed both
women's hobbles.
"Stand face to face." I said.
Both women looked at each other nervously, but did as I asked. They stood facing
each other only inches apart.
I got some rope out of our supplies and bound their wrists behind them. Then I
tied a length of rope to Laura's wrists.
I was about to see if a step could be taken here.
"Stand together." I said.
The women both looked at me, nervous expressions on both their faces.  Then
Laura looked away and stepped forward, pushing her breasts into Amy's.  Amy
looked like she was about to step back, but held her ground.
I tucked the rope I had tied between Laura's legs and then Amy's, bringing the
end up behind Amy and tying it to her wrists.  Amy gave a small cry as the rope
cut into her crotch, but otherwise said nothing. While I was behind her I took
the opportunity to examine her buttocks. Two dark blue lines crossed the lower
half of her butt cheeks, broken in the middle by the cleft of her butt. I saw
that the marks werent just a change of color, but actual raised welts. The rest
of her butt looked pail in comparison.
I reached out and brushed one of the welts with my fingers and Amy yelped,
pulling at the ropes that bound her which made Laura yelp as it dug into her
pussy.
"Sorry." I said.
"It's okay...Sir." Amy said softly.
I had many questions going through my head, but I held my tongue. I knew that
Ben and I would talk about this soon enough.  Now was a time for more
pleasurable things.
I stood up and took a good look at the two bound beauties. The two women really
were the same height, although Laura had a bigger bust than Amy did.
That made things simple.
I took some more rope and tied it around their waists, pulling them tightly
together.  This meant retying the crotch rope which I pulled on hard before
tying  it off, getting moans from both women.
"You trying to split us in two, Don?"  Laura asked me.
"I just dont want the two of you to forget what makes you so important to us."
I told her.
"Humph! Is that ALL I am to you?" asked Laura in mock indignation.
"Of course not, sweetheart." I said, giving her a kiss on the cheek. "Sometimes
you're a pain in the butt too!"
Laura turned her head away as if I had hurt her feelings, while Amy giggled.
I laughed and got another rope.  I used one end to tie Laura's elbows together
then passed the rope around to do Amy's before bringing it around to secure the
last of it to Laura again.  Both women kept shifting in their bondage,
attempting to find comfort in an uncomfortable situation.
"Get on the bed." I said.
The women carefully moved together until they fell on their sides on the bed.  I
pulled and tugged them until they were centered. Then I tied their ankles
together and to the bottom of the bunk.
I tested all their ropes, pulling a little more on the crotch rope and then
kissed Laura on the ass.
"Get some rest now." I told them with a laugh, and went up on deck.
"That took a while." Ben said.
"I had to make sure they were properly tucked in." I told him with a grin. "You
should go check on them."
Ben smiled a curious smile and did just that.
A short while later he came up with a beer for me and a soft drink for himself. 
"I had to change the bondage it just wouldn't do." he told me seriously.
"Why, what was wrong?" I asked. Had I over stepped the mark?
"You didn't gag them, I figured they wouldn't get any rest yapping at each
other."
I laughed and sipped at my beer.  If Ben was okay with this then who knew what
fun we could have in the future.




End of Part 4





On the Water  Part 5



It was getting close to lunch time and I crept below to untie the women so they
could prepare our food.  The reason I crept was because I was more than a little
curious as to what they had been doing bound so tightly together.
I peeked through the door to our cabin and saw them both as I had left them,
bound face to face, a crotch rope connected to their tightly bound hands, lying
on the bunk, my wife's back to the door.
The only difference was the cloth gags they both wore, Ben's addition.
It was apparent to me that while they had been left here to rest, they hadn't
gotten any. Laura was in the process of pulling on her crotch rope, making it
move only an inch or so. Then it was pulled back by Amy, the slack taken out.
I had thought I had pulled the slack out of the rope, but they had evidently
found an inch and had put it to good use.
The inside of the cleft at the top of my wife's thighs was soaked, as was the
rope, and the smell in the room told me that it wasn't urine.  The women had
been slowly rubbing themselves silly with that inch of rope.
I don't know if they had been able to cum, but it looked like they had really
tried.
Laura was panting in her sing song way behind her gag, she was very turned on.
Amy was silent and since I didn't know her sexually I had no idea what signals
she gave off when she was close except for how she closed her eyes.
I decided to make myself known.
I slammed open the door, making both women jump!
"What's going on in here!" I bellowed.
Amy looked up guiltily while Laura craned her neck around to see me. She began
trying to talk through her gag but I ignored her.  Instead I stepped forward and
slid my hand onto her crotch from behind.  It was sopping wet and I could feel
her swollen labia very easily.
"Did I TELL you that you had permission to pleasure yourself?" I asked her
loudly.
Laura quit trying to speak, her eyes growing wide.  In her head she was probably
going 'oh shit'.  While I had never actually said anything to her about her
sexual freedom, we had over time drifted into her only being sexually stimulated
when I wanted her to be.  Evidently she took the crotch rope for permission to
play and now here I was yelling at her for doing just that.
She shook her head.
I looked over at Amy who looked like a frightened deer.
I reached over and placed my hand between her legs, and found her in the same
condition.  Amy held her breath at my touch, this was farther than I had ever
gone with her, farther than I thought I should.
"And you," I said to her, removing my hand and standing up, "What do you think
Ben would say if he saw this?"
Amy shuddered.  I knew from Ben that Amy WAS under a form of chastity
enforcement.  I wondered myself what Ben would say, although he must have seen
the crotch rope and must have know what a temptation it would be to our slightly
over sexed companions.
I began to untie them in the reverse way I tied them. First their legs and
ankles. Then I helped them stand on rather shaky legs. Then I undid their body
ropes and elbows before tackling the crotch rope and their wrists.
"Stand legs apart with your hands behind your heads." I ordered as the ropes
came off.  Soon both women, sporting red lines from the ropes, were standing as
instructed.
They were both still obviously turned on, their labia clearly visible in their
swollen state.  It must have taken a lot of rubbing to get that far.  Laura
especially for she was a lot more swollen than Amy.
"Did either of you cum?" I asked them.
They shook their heads, the gags still on them.
"Don't lie to me." I warned them.
They both shook their heads harder.
"Okay. Wait here."  I smiled and left them alone to ponder their fate, heading
top side again.
Ben was at the helm, the sail up once more.
"How were they?" Ben asked me.
I laughed.  "I'm surprised you cant smell them up here!"
"The crotch rope was that effective huh?" Ben asked, watching the sail with a
smile.
"Oh they worked at it, but if you believe them they didn't cum."
"Oh, I'd believe them." Ben said. "Amy knows the penalty for lying and she
wouldn't lie for Laura either."
"Is Amy in trouble?" I asked, truly concerned.
"Yes, but I'm not going to make a big deal out of it. It's not worth a caning so
soon after her last one."
"Good." I said, relieved.
"I'll just give her a quick spanking, on top of those welts it will be enough."
grinned Ben. "Here, you take the wheel and I'll get them started on lunch."
I took the wheel and with a little difficulty managed to hold our course in the
heavier wind of the day.
At one point I heard a woman scream once but that was it, more of a yelp really
than a scream.
Eventually Ben came back out, carrying a pillow and his cane.
"You okay?" he asked me.
"Yeah, the wind is tough today." I replied. "What about Amy?"
Ben shrugged. "A couple of bare handed spanks, that's all. Just a reminder."
The deck had been tilted a few degrees due to the wind on the sail, but at that
moment it shifted even more. Ben put down what he was carrying and, watching the
sail and the horizon, worked a winch until the boat's tilt evened out a little.
"Keeping the sail in trim is half the battle." he said to me.
I nodded, wondering why he had brought up his cane.
He picked up the pillow and with some rope lashed it to a deck railing. Then he
picked up the cane and took a few practice strikes on the pillow.
"Time to teach you how to use this." he said.
"What, now?" I asked, a little worried about steering the boat. Ben was
unconcerned.
He walked over and took the wheel, handing me the cane.
It was the first time I had ever held one. It was about three feet long, made of
a dark wood with a curled handle.
It was about as thick as my little finger and flexible enough to almost bend
double.
I was surprised at the weight. It was heavier than I thought it would be.
"You like?" Ben asked me.
I shook my head.
"Good." he said. "Then you wont be tempted to use it without true cause."
"I don't know if I want to use it at all!" I said honestly.
"I understand. But you wont know for sure until you try. I want you to practice
on that pillow."
I stood without thought for a moment, then moved to where I had seen Ben stand
when he used it on the pillow.
"What are you going to hit?" Ben asked me.
"This pillow?" I said, a little confused by the question.
"No, that's Laura right there. It's never a pillow, and when you do get around
to using the cane on Laura, don't think of her as a pillow or anything to make
it easier to hit her.
Her safety depends on you always keeping her in your mind. Got that?"
I nodded, staring at the pillow, imagining it was my wife bound over the railing
of the speeding boat, her bare upturned buttocks completely open to the cane. I
could also see her eyes staring at me, imploring me to untie her and take her
into my arms.
I closed my eyes and cleared my head, resolving to have her wear a blindfold
when we did this for real.
Ben kept on talking.
"You will want to strike the fleshiest part of her rump on down, never up, not
with a cane. You can cause serious bruising if you hit her tail bone.  If you
have to miss try to make it miss low not high.
Use the outer half of the cane to strike with, not the end, not the middle. If
you use the end you run the risk of gouging her flesh with the tip of the cane,
cutting it deeply into her. If you use the middle then the end of the cane can
curl around and strike her on the side over the hip bone, or even curl
underneath.
If you hit her thighs, again make it the back of her thighs where the muscle is
thickest, not the sides and definitely not the insides unless you are a sadist
which I know you aren't."
I nodded again.
"Pick a spot, and take a swing." he ordered.
I took a stance and gave the pillow (Laura) a whack.  I was high.
"Try again." Ben said gently from his place at the wheel.
I did and over corrected coming in low.
At his urging I continued to strike, quickly getting better with my aim as I
grew accustomed to the weight of the cane.
"Hows your aim?" Ben asked me shortly. "You look like you're coming down at the
same spot each time."
"Pretty good I think." I said, my arm a little tired.
"Okay, now we go for force. You have to start hitting harder."
"Harder?" I asked, looking at him for the first time since we started.
"Yes. Do you remember the sound the cane made when I punished Amy on the beach?"
Did I! THAT sound will stay with me.
I nodded.
"Try to find that sound. It may be hard in this wind but try."
I turned back to the pillow and after taking a deep breath I began to strike it
again. Each time I went a little harder thinking that this time it HAD to be
hard enough. Only after a half dozen strikes was I even slightly getting close
to the whistling sound he cane made when Ben used it earlier.
I was still on target though, which actually made me feel good.
After a particularly hard hit on target I looked up with a thin smile at Ben and
saw Laura standing in the cabin stairwell.
She was watching me with a scared look on her face, her hands cuffed together
and attached by a short chain to her collar.
My smile instantly dissolved.
"Lunch is ready." she said, just audible over the wind.
I said nothing, I just stared at her.
"Laura, have Amy bring me my food out here. I don't want to leave the wheel."
Ben told her.
"Yes Sir." Laura said, and she ducked down inside.
I turned to Ben. "How long was she standing there?"
"Long enough to see that you could do it!" Ben answered.
I put the cane down and went below.




The rest of the afternoon went by without my saying much.
Ben and I took turns at the helm while below the women cleaned.  When they were
done we let them enjoy their free time sunning themselves on the fore deck.
Ben kept up a rambling story about his business while I thought mainly about
punishment.  I really needed something to take my mind off it.
"Laura!" I called out from the stern, making my wife turn around. I waved her
over and she padded over to me, naked but for her leather wrist and ankle cuffs.
"Ben, if you don't mind, my wife and I are going below for some conjugal bliss."
I said.
Ben grinned. "Have a good time!"
Laura blushed and smiled.
Below I led her to our cabin and began to undress. She must have sensed my mood.
"Are you okay?"  she asked me.
I nodded.
Laura gave me that look, you know the one. The look women give men when they
believe they're been treated like idiots.
"Do you want to talk about it, Donald?"  Laura asked.
"No. I want to do the opposite of talking right now. Get on the bed!"
Laura still looked concerned, but once I was naked she smiled and did as I bid.
I took her roughly, throwing her about the bunk. I used ropes occasionally to
tie down parts of her body, but I was forever changing her position.
Through it all Laura puffed and moaned in her sing song way, cuming together
with me in mutual bliss.
Through sex I was able to put punishment out of my mind.



We arrived at the island just before supper and I helped Ben stow the sail. 
Unlike our previous overnight stop we would not be going ashore here. The island
wasn't much more than a craggy outcropping with steep cliffs and no beach, but
it did have a small sheltered cove in which we could anchor for the night.
Not the prettiest place I know, but it would do for our needs.
The women as usual cooked and we ate in the booth. Laura, Ben and I shared the
bench seat with Laura in the middle, while Amy stood or kneeled, still to sore
to sit with any comfort.
After dinner we went out and swam for a while in the warm water, the four of us
naked and playful.  Ben produced a couple of sets of snorkels and fins and
taught Laura and myself the basics.  We had a lot of fun swimming down among the
fish that occupied the cove, wary of the coral that could have cut us to shreds.
It was a pleasant evening.
We finished out the night on the boat, playing Monopoly of all things. Just two
couples enjoying a quiet evening together with the only unusual aspect being
both women being nude.
There was one other thing.
"Is that a boat?" Amy said, glancing out one of the pilot house windows that
surrounded the cabin area.
It was dark outside now, certainly not a time to go sailing, but when I looked
up I saw lights off in the distance.
Ben stiffened, concerned, and gestured for me to follow him on deck.
"Get some clothes on and go wait in my cabin." Ben told the women.  Laura looked
like she had a question but Amy touched her shoulder and shook her head.
I too had questions.
I followed Ben top side and watched as he pulled a set of binoculars from a
cubby hole. He focused them on the distant lights.
"What's up?" I asked him.
He said nothing, he just kept watching.
"Ben, what's going on?" I urged.
"Sometimes, Don, it really pays to be careful." Ben said.
"What is that supposed to mean?"
"It means you cant afford to be too comfortable about this area."
"Why not?"
I could just see Ben in the dim light, he turned and gave me a small smile.
"Pirates."
"You're kidding right?"
He shook his head.
"You're talking about Yo-ho-ho-and-a-bottle-of-rum-Long-John-Silver types
right?" I asked him, thinking he was joking.
"Not exactly." Ben replied. "These aren't your Errol Flynn types but the trade
is the same. Modern boats, modern weapons, half the time you wouldn't even
recognize a pirate boat if you saw one! They don't fly the Jolly Roger any more.
Forget your movie images of what pirates should be, they have!"
I laughed. "But in this day and age?"
"Don't laugh. It's true. There are more people sailing these waters now than
there have ever been, rich pickings for those unscrupulous enough to want it!"
Ben said very seriously. His attitude was serious enough that I began to think
he wasn't having me on.
"Do you think that boat is a pirate ship?" I asked him.
Ben shrugged. "I doubt it. But anything coming close to us that I cant identify
I want to be careful of. Especially with the women aboard."
I nodded and thought of my wife being taken by pirates. Not a pretty thought.
The boat was close enough now that we could hear it's engines. I glanced up at
the mast where a light shone.
"Ben, shouldn't we shut that off?" I said, pointing.
"No point. They will already have seen it and no doubt they have us on radar."
"Oh."
We watched for a little longer and saw that the boat didn't come directly for
us. Instead it got about a couple of hundred yards away and shut off it's
engines. In the silence I could hear faint laughter and music floating across
the water. It was a bigger boat than ours by far, that much I could see without
the binoculars.
"Sounds like a party." I said.
Ben nodded and handed me the glasses. Putting them to my eyes I could clearly
see the boat now.
It looked like to me to be a large cabin cruiser, one of those monsters with two
or three interior decks and room for a band. Part of the deck was lit up as was
the entire interior from the look of the portholes. There were also navigation
lights galore. If this boat was trying to sneak up on us they were doing it in a
very weird way.
I saw  a fair amount of movement inside and a lone man at the bow, probably
setting the anchors.  I handed the glasses back.
"Pirates." I said with a laugh.
Ben chuckled.  "I guess not. They must be here for the same reason we are. But
it might be best if we keep an eye on them for a while."
"If you say so Ben. Shall I tell the ladies it's alright?"
"Sure. It's bed time anyway.  I'll stay up for a few hours and then I'll come
in. You get the women and yourself settled for the night."
"No Ben. You've been wrestling with this boat all day." I replied.  "You go get
some sleep and I'll take the watch."
Ben looked at me and handed me the binoculars.  "Good man. Come get me if
anything happens."
I smiled.  "Sure, at the first sign of an eye patch or a wooden leg I'll be
knocking at your door."
I laughed, but Ben's smile was faint. He pointed at a locker next to the helm. 
"There's a flare gun in there, just in case."
Leaving me wondering in case of what, Ben went below.



End of Part 5




On the Water  part 6



Some watch dog I was.
I woke up feeling drops of water on my face. I opened my eyes and saw that it
had started raining, a very light rain that made a pattering sound on the water.
I sat up and quickly put the binoculars to my eyes.
The yacht was in the same place although most of the lights on it were now off. 
The sound of music was also gone as were the faint sounds of what ever party
they had been having.  Except for the rain it was all quiet.
I cursed myself for having fallen asleep. If the boat had meant pirates we could
have been boarded and murdered with out my ever knowing it.  I was stupid, yet
in my defense standing guard was not exactly something I did every day.
Still, it seemed quiet now.  I took one last look at the yacht, intending to
head to Laura and our bed, when I saw something that stopped me.
In the dim light I could just make out two people coming out on deck.  I heard
laughter as one began running forward from the stern, the other giving chase. 
The runner passed under a bright light and I saw it was a woman, topless, in
just panties or bikini bottoms. The man chasing her was in boxers.
I watched as he caught her on the fore deck, turning her around and kissing her. 
She didn't struggle much, in fact she reached around and held him to her. 
Evidently there was nothing happening there that was forced in any way.
"Pirates." I grumbled, thinking that Ben had to have been joking after all.
I went back inside out of the rain.
In our cabin I stripped off my now wet clothes and dried off before slipping
into bed.  My wife was sleeping in a T-shirt, rather unusual because ever since
I had known her she had always slept nude. She was also unbound, not even
wearing the cuffs I had put on her.
She woke as I climbed in next to her.
"Is everything okay?"  she asked me sleepily.
"Yeah. It's just a boat full of drunk party go-ers." I replied.
"Good." Laura said, and she struggled out of her shirt.
She shivered when our skins met, my body cooler from the night air and the rain.
"I'm sorry I wore that shirt, but Ben told me it would be better if I had
something on...just in case." she whispered.
"It's okay."  I said, yawning.
"He also cut the locks on my cuffs, says that you can replace them in the
morning, that he has plenty."
"I understand." I said, tired and wanting to sleep.
"Donny?" Laura said after a short while.
"Yeah?"
"Can you tie my hands?"  Laura pulled her wrists behind her.
I was a little surprised, thinking that she might like a break from always
sleeping like that. But I guess after a year of sleeping the same way you get so
used to it that any change is difficult.
I slid out of bed and in the dark found some of the rope I had used on her and
Amy earlier.  I bound her hands behind her and then slipped back into bed.
As I snuggled up against her back Laura gripped my penis in one bound hand. Like
that we both went to sleep.



I woke to the sound of the engine starting and to the sound of heavy rain
pounding the deck above the cabin.
Laura was gone, on her morning duties I assumed, so I got out of bed and made a
trip to the head.
Pulling on a pair of shorts I headed forward and found Ben seated at the
navigation console. He had a radio on giving him the weather and he was watching
the radar.
"Hi!" I said.
"Hey!  I take it things were okay last night!" Ben said.
"Yeah, fine. Where are the women?" I asked him
Ben pointed out the windows and I could see Amy and Laura out in the pouring
rain, nude, in their hobbles, scrubbing the boat like they had done the morning
before.
"Er...isn't that a little redundant?" I asked Ben.
"It's the work that's important, not so much the results." Ben said with a grin.
I laughed. "I would like to have seen their faces when you told them that they
had to go out there!"
"Oh you would have loved it!" chuckled Ben. "In fact, you get a chance to see
them right now. I need you to go out an haul in the anchors."
"What, in that?"
"Sure.  Don't worry the rain is somewhat warm. Like taking a luke warm shower."
"Great." I said sarcastically. "And where will you be?"
Ben patted the mass of electronics in front of him.  "Right here.  I can run the
boat from here and stay dry. There isn't a reef to cross here so I don't really
need to go up on deck."
I laughed and shook my head.  "I guess its the rain for me!"
I padded up the stairs and through the hatch to the open deck.  The rain
actually did feel good, nothing like the cold rains of home.
It was coming down harder than it was the night before and had drummed up a mist
that obscured the island from view.
It also almost hid the other boat in the cove, it's outline only barely visible.
I could see both women from where I was. Amy was kneeling on the stern deck,
scrubbing with a brush, her feet held apart by her spreader bar. Her short hair
looked like a helmet on her head, matted down by the rain. She looked up at me
and smiled and I smiled back.  She looked so sexy and vulnerable down there. She
glanced over toward our neighbors and bent low to her work.
I turned to Laura who was standing beside the pilot house. She had her cuffs
locked back on her wrists and ankles and was busy buffing the deck rails, a
hopeless job in the rain. She  had an eye on the boat just barely visible in the
distance.
I could tell from her body language that she wasn't too thrilled about being out
here.  I bet she was very uncomfortable with being nude out here with the other
yacht close by.
I smiled and headed forward. When I got there I waved at the windows in the
front of the pilot house and the engine gunned, moving the boat forward.  It was
a simple matter to pull up both anchors and I left them on the deck for Amy to
put away.
Slipping out of my now wet shorts I stopped at a locker before heading back to
my wife.
God she looked beautiful, her very long blonde hair plastered to her back like a
single rope of gold. Her skin sleek and shiny from the warm rain.
I have to admit I have a special fetish for wet women, especially for the way
their hair looses its shape and conforms to the body under it. It's like it
brings out their natural beauty, giving them an innocence, an unspoiled look
exactly the way nature intended.  When wet, all women are beautiful.
Laura saw me walking naked up to her and paused, her eyes wide and betraying her
nervousness. "Donny!" she said, giving the boat across the cove an anxious look.
"Hush." I said as I approached.
She saw what I  was carrying, rope from the locker. "But..."
"Not another word!" I ordered.
I took her hands and had her hold on to the brass railing, tying them in place
with plenty of rope. Then I bent low and with the master key on the chain about
my neck I unlocked her hobble.
As I stood I saw Laura's eyes on me, she could see how aroused I was and knew
then that I wasn't to be stopped.
She looked over at the yacht which could be seen a little clearer now that we
were moving. Apparently we had to pass a little closer to it in order to leave
the cove.
I didn't care.
I stood behind my wife and began to massage her breasts with one hand, her sex
with the other.  I could tell that it wasn't just the rain that had her wet, my
fingers slipped easily in and out of her.  I knew that dangerous sex was a
particular turn on for her, despite her protests and that this situation
certainly counted.
She moaned at my touch, already in need, her eyes closing.
I lifted her by the hips, lowering her carefully onto me, feeling her warmth
envelop me.
It was oh so very sweet.
Laura wrapped her legs around, crossing her ankles behind me and holding on as I
knew she would. Her weight was mostly taken by her arms but she was supported
elsewhere now too.
Still I knew that in this position she would quickly tire.
Using my own strength, I began pumping her hips, lifting them up and down as she
traveled the length of my dick.
Laura began her song once more as she worked her vaginal muscles, oblivious to
the fact that we were drawing closer to the other yacht.
I pumped harder and harder, my pleasure rising with each stroke, the rain adding
to that pleasure the same way it did when we made love in the shower.  Laura
began to cry out, her grip on me tightening.
In a flash I began to cum, pumping my seed deep into her, but I still kept her
moving and a moment later I could feel Laura's own orgasm hammering at her.
We stood stock still as we experienced the final high, locked together in that
intimate embrace, and then we relaxed.
I had closed my own eyes at that point and when I opened them I saw that we were
less than fifty yards from the other boat and pulling away, the name on the
stern now visible, 'Dreamboat'.  I watched it recede and wondered if our actions
had been witnessed.
It would have been interesting to know.
I slowly pulled out of my panting wife and lowered her feet to the deck.  She
stood half hanging from her arms in post-coital bliss, her eyes still closed,
her hair now hanging down almost obscuring her face.
I helped her to stand and hugged her, giving her a kiss every now and then.
"I love you." I whispered into her ear.
Laura smiled a tired smile and giggled, she would be beyond words for a few more
minutes I knew.
That was when I remembered that we had a witness after all.
Over on the stern deck Amy had been watching us, on her knees, her cleaning
forgotten.  I looked up to see her kneeling up right, one hand down at her sex.
She looked me in the eye and smiled, and I knew she had witnessed it all.
I chuckled, surprised at not finding myself embarrassed about it.  Kissing Laura
one last time I left her alone, padding along the wet deck to the cabin door.
"Let her go in a few minutes and then you guys can finish up." I told Amy.
"Yes Sir!" she replied with a wink, and then she very deliberately looked at my
half hard penis.
Watching this little nymph looking at me stirred something inside me, for I
quickly grew hard again.  With a smile I shook my finger at her and went in out
of the rain.
After drying off, again, and dressing, again, I went to the galley to find some
food. As I passed Ben he chuckled.
"Have fun?" he asked.
I looked over at him and realized that he must have seen us too. In fact Laura's
legs were visible in the window almost next to where Ben was sitting. He must
have gotten an eyeful!
"Always." I replied and put together a plate from the breakfast leavings.
Ben laughed.
As I ate I saw a second pair of bare legs join the first and wondered at Laura's
reaction to Amy having watched us. I made a note to ask her later.  In moments
Laura must have been freed for she was soon moving along the rail again, picking
up on her delayed cleaning.
I sat at the booth for the next hour watching through the windows as Laura and
Amy cleaned the 'Kajira', and marveled at their beauty.




For a change we didn't have a day's sailing ahead of us. By lunch time a large
island had appeared on the horizon and was definitely our objective.
"Skirts and bikini tops girls!" Ben yelled from the wheel.
It had stopped raining an hour before and the sky was slowly clearing, so Ben
resumed his place at the helm.
Amy and Laura had been wiping down the deck with mops and moved quickly at Ben's
command.  Laura stopped though, concern on her face.
"Sir?" she said to Ben. "I didn't bring a skirt."
Ben looked at me. "It's true." I said. "Shorts, swim suits and one dress, but no
skirts."
Ben shrugged. "Amy will lend you one." he said.
"Yes Sir!" Laura answered, and she scampered off after her sister in servitude.
"Are we going ashore here?" I asked him.
"Sure. I fancy some real food!" he said with a smile.
We sailed into a wide bay dotted with other boats and Ben brought us smartly up
to a marina that jutted far out into the water.
An old man had walked out to meet us and caught the rope Amy tossed him with
ease, tying us smartly to the pier.
Ben jumped onto the pier while Amy and I finished securing the boat and I
watched as Ben negotiated our stay.  The old man seemed amiable and after some
cash changed hands he went away smiling.
"Okay folks, lets go!" Ben said, gathering his flock.
We locked the boat up and left it behind, Laura and I walking hand in hand.
Laura looked stunning. She was wearing her red bikini top and a short blue skirt
that only came down to mid thigh. It was made of cotton and seemed to fly
everywhere.  Laura had been very self conscious about it when she first showed
it to me since under it she wore nothing, but I told her it was fine and that
she had no reason to fiddle with it.
Amy also looked the part with her red bikini top and a green skirt even shorter
than Laura's. Amy looked a little nervous but resisted pulling down on the skirt
by holding her hands behind her.  I liked the way she looked.  Both women were
barefoot and in fact I hadn't even brought any shoes for Laura along at all!
"Laura." I said to my wife.
"Yes, Donald?"
"See how Amy is walking. I want you to hold your hands behind your back when
ever you are not actually using them for anything."
Laura looked into my eyes and then did as I asked, knowing a command when she
heard one.
"You look fantastic!" I said to her, and she smiled, blushing a little.
We got to the beach and the town beyond, a typical tourist town for the area.
Lots of bars and restaurants and gift shops fronting the bay side.  Past all the
glitter I figured the real town lay, where people actually lived and worked.
Ben led us to a restaurant with tables and chairs out on the sidewalk and we
found a table.
"Butts directly on the chairs ladies!" I said with a smile, getting groans from
both of them.  But they did as I asked, flipping the backs of their skirts up at
the last second so that they sat bare assed on the seats, Amy shifting a little
uncomfortably because of the welts on her ass.
Ben grinned as did I  when we noticed that a few of the hundreds of people that
were on this busy street stopped and stared. It wasn't by accident that the
women had their backs to the street.
"Benjamin! How nice to see you again!" cried our host when he appeared in the
restaurant's doorway.  A rather fat man in a white suit, he made a striking
sight.
He came straight over, dancing past the other patrons with ease before stopping
at Ben's side and taking his hand.
"It's been a year already?" he asked. "It can't be!"
"Hello Leo. How have you been?"
"The same the same. The doctor tells me to cut back on cigars and fatty foods
but the man is bigger than I am so who is he to talk!" he said with a laugh.
"Ah...little one, you are still as thin as ever!" he said moving on to Amy, who
smiled sweetly at him.  "This man isn't feeding you enough I know!"
Amy giggled. "Hi Leo. How's Belle?"
Leo threw up his arms. "That woman is driving me to drink and not stopping for
any red lights!"  Amy laughed, apparently having heard this one before.
"Leo," Ben said, "Let me introduce you to some very good friends of ours. This
is Don and his wife Laura."
Leo came and shook my hand.  "It is a pleasure to meet you, any friend of
Benjamin is always welcome here!"
"Thank you Leo." I said with a smile.
Leo moved on to my wife who had watched all this with an open mouth.
"Little Amy. See here, this woman does not starve herself. She has beauty and
grace and does not look like she has been through a famine!"
"Oh Leo." Amy replied.
"Benjamin, leave the little one with me for a week and you will have her back
with some meat on her bones!"  Leo said with a grin.
Ben chuckled. "Maybe next time."
Leo threw up his hands again, then bent low to my wife.
"Beautiful Laura. You take care of the little one, huh? Make her eat and become
perfect like you!"
Laura was blushing. "I'll...try." she said with a smile.
"Good!" Leo said and he took her hand and kissed her knuckles.  "Now, to food!"
Leo stood up straight. "Your usual, Benjamin?"
"That's right Leo, for four."
"For four, yes.  You may send the ladies in any time!"
"They'll be along real soon!" Ben said.
Leo smiled broadly and, with a cheeky wink at my wife, he danced his way back
into his restaurant.
"I like him." Laura said, "But I'm not sure whether to take him calling me fat a
compliment or not!" 
Amy laughed. "He wasn't calling you fat, he was saying I'm too thin!" Amy said
with a giggle.
It was true. Laura certainly wasn't fat but she also wasnt skinny like a lot of
the women you saw on TV these days.  Laura was very well proportioned with just
enough padding all over to prevent her skeleton from being her most striking
feature.
And while Laura might gripe about her weight a lot, I wouldn't have her lose any
more for the world!
"Oh Leo is a one of a kind." Ben said.
"Don't worry about it my love." I told her, taking her hand, "You're perfect. 
Leo said so!"
We all laughed and managed to get a smile out of Laura.
I turned to Ben. "What's the usual?" I asked, hungry and curious.
"You'll see." said Ben, waving over another waiter.
"Why do we have to go inside?" Laura asked Amy.
"Er...I'll let Ben tell you." Amy answered.
We looked at Ben for an explanation but he was busy ordering our drinks.  When
the waiter left Ben leaned forward.
"A quick explanation.  Leo runs an unusual operation here. His staff is quite
accustomed to doing things somewhat differently than you would find in most
other restaurants.
To the casual patron there is nothing different about this place though, because
the real differences are in the kitchen and beyond.
You see, our loud and genial host is also a patron of the art of BDSM, and his
staff all serve him and Belle as more than employees!"
"A BDSM restaurant?" I said, giving the place another look.
"Only in the way it is run." Ben said.
"So why do we have to go inside?" Laura asked again.
"Because he knows it is your duty to serve us our food, not the duty of his
own...staff. In a second you will both go into the kitchen and wait there until
our food is ready, then you will bring it out to us."
"What?" Laura asked paling a little.
"It's okay, Laura. Nothing will happen to us!" Amy said with a smile. "Leo is a
big cuddly Bear and we trust him implicitly. All we will do is go in and kneel
in a corner until the food is done, that's all."
Laura looked at me.
"I trust Ben and Amy, don't you?" I asked her.
Laura nodded.
"Okay then, off with the pair of you, and remember...Leo really is Master of his
kitchen so behave!"  Ben ordered.
The girls got up, flashing the street again and Amy led Laura inside.
Our drinks showed up and I took a swig at my beer, wondering what they were
going to see!




End of Part 6




On the Water  part 7



Here is what Ben and I were told about what happened in the restaurant.
Amy led Laura through the normal looking dining area to a set of double doors in
the back wall.  Laura was feeling rather nervous about the whole thing, her lack
of real clothing, the unknown situation in front of her and that for a while I
would be out of earshot of her.
For the first time she would really be dependent on her friend Amy, a prospect
that both scared her and yet thrilled her completely.  Talk about roller coaster
emotions!
They passed through two sets of swinging double doors before they reached the
kitchen, and Laura's mouth dropped open.
"Laura, over here!" Amy said with a grin, knowing full well what this place
looked like to someone new.
Laura followed Amy to a corner and they both dropped to their knees on the hard
tile.  Laura and Amy were both used to kneeling on such a hard surface, having
had plenty of practice at our hands.
Amy placed her hands behind her head an pulled her elbows back, lifting her
small bust, her nipples very visible under the thin layer of cloth covering
them.  Laura did the same and thrust her tits out without much thought, her mind
still on the contents of the room.
"Spread you knees a little more!" Amy hissed, which did catch Laura's attention.
"But...?" she said, quite aware that in her short skirt her pussy might be
revealed.
"Do it, or you'll be punished!" Amy said, her own thighs spread, her skirt
riding up dangerously.
Laura was a little panic stricken, she just couldn't do it.
Pushing her breasts out was one thing, but to purposely run the risk of exposing
herself down THERE!
Amy sighed, knowing personally the risk Laura was taking.
She turned to face the room.
Now the kitchen was set up like any restaurant kitchen, a couple of large
commercial stoves, several ovens, lots of counter space for meal preparation. 
There were four women and two men working the kitchen, and it was them that
Laura was gawking at, for they all appeared naked.
Appeared was the word, for technically they really weren't nude at all. All of
them had on rubber or plastic outfits that covered them from neck to toe,
protecting them from the dangers of working in a kitchen and also keeping the
kitchen itself hygienic. But the outfits were all transparent and the bodies of
the kitchen staff were all very very visible.
All of them were dark and well built, no skeletons among this crowd, and Laura
was particularly captivated by one young man working at a meat counter.  He was
facing the two women and his manhood was something that certainly caught the
eye, falling to half way down his thigh in it's relaxed state. Laura found
herself wondering what it was like erect!
She had always been, for want of a better description, a penis girl. Marveling
at the variety that nature had to offer, although she had never personally seen
one that large.
From time to time she would watch the others doing their jobs, seemingly
oblivious to the fact that their bodies were on display, but her eyes would
always be drawn back to the young meat cutter.
At one point the young man caught Laura's eyes with his own and he gave her a
big smile, knowing full well what she was staring at.   Laura blushed furiously
but returned his smile.
A waiter came in and deposited his tray on a counter. He immediately lifted the
smart apron that was part of his outfit to reveal that the portion of his pants
that covered his genitals was cut away.
As he waited for ordered meals to be placed on his tray, one of the women
dropped to her knees and began sucking him to hardness, only getting up again
when he was fully erect.
The waiter moaned a little but dropped his apron and picked up his now loaded
tray, scooting quickly out the door.
Laura wondered if that happened every time, and if the poor man had to spend his
entire shift hard.
Leo came in and glanced about with a smile, a smile that faded slightly when he
saw Laura.
"Laura, my perfect one!" he said dancing over. "Did not the little one show you
how I wish you to kneel when in my kitchen?"
Startled, Laura looked down, unable to face him for some reason.
"Well?" he asked again, a little harder.  Laura heard something in his voice
this time, something that told her that Leo wasn't quite the flake that he
appeared  to be on the surface.
"Yes, Sir."  Laura said.
"Then assume the position asked of you." Leo said evenly.
Amy noticed that the kitchen staff were all watching, even though none of them
had stopped working.
Laura was a little afraid, and very embarrassed. For some reason she just
couldn't move.
Leo stood watching her for a moment, before turning to Amy.
"Little one, you did tell her that she would be punished didn't you?" he said to
Amy.
"Yes Sir, I told her." Amy replied.
"Very well." He stepped back and snapped his fingers. Immediately the two male
cooks hurried over. One dropped to his hands and knees while the other, Laura's
friend the meat man, sat down on the back of his friend.
"Go to him!" Leo ordered Laura.
"What?"
"I said go to him. I wont say it again."
Laura looked anxiously at Amy.
"Go," said Amy. "Even if the men were here you would still have to. This is
Leo's kitchen and in here he rules. We are just his guests."
"But, what...?" Laura started to ask.
"Hurry! While it can still be settled here!" Amy cried out. Her biggest concern
was that Leo would bring in Ben and myself, for then we would have a say in
Laura's punishment.
"Trust me!" Amy whispered.
Laura managed to stand, taking her hands away from her head.
"Don't remove your hands." Leo said quietly, so Laura put them back, this time
very aware of what the position did to her body.  She padded over on her bare
feet to the two naked in plastic men.
"Now place yourself across the lap of Alfonse there to receive your spanking."
Leo told her.
Laura's heart was beating fast, but she did as she was told, bending over and
resting on the lap of the seated cook.
She was aware of so many different things at that moment, the feel of the warm
tile against her toes, the feel of her silver collar tight around her neck, the
strange feeling of the plastic outfit on her bare midriff, her fast pumping
heart, something large moving slowly under her stomach pushing up at her, a warm
hand on her back, another hand taking the hem of her skirt and flipping it up,
the movement of air on her now naked bottom, the fact that what she had tried to
conceal was now very visible to the entire room.
All this and a sexual stirring too!
Laura's breathing got faster.
"I think twenty hard ones should do." Leo said.
Without giving Laura time to think about the number she had just heard, Alfonse
began spanking her. He spanked her hard and fast, each blow coming down before
Laura had time to react to the previous one. She cried out at the increasing
pain but in moments it was over.
"Go back to your place now, Perfect One!" Leo said with a gentle smile.
With tears in her eyes Laura stood, her skirt falling back to cover her
reddening buttocks.  The pain flowed through her but wasn't as bad as she
thought it was going to be, giving her a sexual stir. She fought the urge to
bring her hands down to rub her butt, guessing correctly that such an action
would be frowned on.
Leo gestured to where Amy still knelt and Laura resumed her place, this time
spreading her knees.
Leo grinned and went back out to the dining area, the two male cooks returning
to their work after washing their hands.
"You okay?" Amy asked.
"Yeah, it was okay." Laura said, surprised to find that it was true.
Amy giggled. "You look like you enjoyed it!"
Laura blushed, and hoped her sexual arousal wasn't too visible. That thought
went out of her head when she looked down to see her nipples almost popping her
top off, as well as the wetness between her legs.
She knelt and enjoyed the warmth spreading through her from her butt.




Ben and I found out about all this when the women came back with our food. They
sat somewhat uncomfortably on their seats and told us the whole story.
I was interested in seeing this kitchen for myself, but I was also disturbed at
Laura being spanked bare assed without anyone even consulting me first.
Ben tried to explain the rules.
"It's his kitchen and he's within his rights to administer a simple spanking for
such an offense. His group is very strict on that."
"His group?" I asked.
"Yes.  There is a large BDSM group operating in private here in the islands. We
don't have much to do with them ourselves, but we've been coming here enough for
them to treat us like their own."
"Ah." I said, still a little miffed but willing to learn as long as Laura wasn't
in any real danger.  She certainly hadn't really suffered from the experience as
she confessed to me later. "Are we going to have any more to do with them this
trip?"
"I wasn't planning on it." Ben said.
Leo showed up with a grin on his face.
"How is the food Gentlemen, Ladies?"
We all mumbled good things about the food, which turned out to be large
hamburgers with many different cheeses and a red spicy sauce. I thought it was
an unusual dish to have in an island paradise but one bite convinced me that
paradise was where this burger belonged.  The sauce was heaven!
"Ah, Little One, you have eaten it all!  Good!" smiled Leo, patting Amy on the
head.
Amy grinned up at him.  "Would I dare not eat your wonderful food, Leo?" Amy
said.
Leo's grin got wider and he shook his finger at her.  "Very smart!"  He and Amy
both laughed and he turned his attention to my wife.
"Beautiful Laura, I hope there are no hard feelings from inside?" he said,
taking her hand.
"No, none Sir." Laura said with a smile of her own.
"Good! And dear lady out here it is Leo, in there...it is Sir."  He kissed her
hand and stood up straight, turning his attention to me.  "Sir, your wife is a
pearl among pearls, but her discipline..." he shook his hand in that see saw
way.  "I trust my corrections met with your aproval."
I looked at my wife who sat uncomfortably on her seat, her butt evidently too
sore for her to sit still on.  "You were quite correct to punish her Leo. Ben
trusts you, which means so do I!"
Leo nodded in satisfaction and stuck his chin out at Ben.
"Benjamin! Three days!  Kopachi's villa!  Bring your friend and the young
ladies!  I won't take no for an answer!"
Ben laughed. "We'll see."
"You will be there, or next time I make you pay for your food!" Leo proclaimed,
and he danced away.
"Kopachi's villa?"  I asked.
Ben chuckled.  "Another group member. Evidently having a party or something."
"Will we go?"
"Do you want to?  These kinds of parties can get rather weird and a little
explicit. That's why we usually avoid them."
Laura and I looked at each other.  We had been on our own with our BDSM kink
until coming out here to meet Ben and Amy, our home not exactly receptive to
much that wasn't "normal".  The prospect of meeting others, if only this once,
was attractive to both of us.  Laura gave me a small nod.
"Yeah, we do?" I said to Ben.
He nodded. "Okay, I guess we're going to a party."



The next couple of hours were spent touring the shops that lined the bay. We
gave Laura and Amy some money and sent them off on their own, Ben and I both
veterans of shopping with women.
We spent more time in the sports shops and I watched while Ben purchased some
scuba gear and had it sent to the 'Kajira'. We then stopped at a grocery store
and had some food stuffs delivered as well.  We also spent a little time in a
bar and he got me talking about our lives at home, pretty dull stuff.
Eventually we spied our lovely companions walking down the street, arms laden
with bags. We went out to meet them.
"What did you guys spend all our money on?" I asked them with a laugh.
"Stuff for the party." Laura said. "But you guy's aren't allowed to see it yet."
"Oh really?" I asked.
Laura smiled. "You wouldn't want to spoil a surprise would you?"
"I guess not!"
Ben grinned.  "I think we can allow them this one privacy." he agreed.
We all laughed and headed back to the boat.




Once aboard the women stowed their purchases in the single cabin and immediately
stripped. It was time for their interior cleaning duties.  I stopped Laura for a
moment, running my hand over her bright red buttocks. She winced but that was
all, so I let her go.
Ben got them chained up and while they cleaned Ben and I pulled the cover off
the engine compartment and I watched while he checked the engine over.
Laura and I played privately for a while after that, bouncing around our small
cabin like two energetic puppies!  The sex was great, and this time Laura gave
as good as she got as she twisted ME into some rather unusual positions.  She
would have to get spanked before sex more often!
That evening we ate in town again, a fancier restaurant than Leo's this time,
but with a very uninteresting kitchen.
We still had our fun though as once more the women wore the remote controlled
vibrators and again Ben and I kept secret who controlled who.
After dinner we went to a club next door and danced and talked and danced some
more.
I found myself dancing with Amy a lot, and enjoyed the chance to be with her. 
Online we had talked a great deal, but so far this trip we hadn't really
communicated.
She felt good in my arms though and I really enjoyed dancing with her. We
chatted about many things as we danced but it wasn't until we were together for
a very slow number that our talk got serious.
She was against my chest, her head turned and resting just below my chin.  I had
one hand on her bare back, no corset under this dress!
I think I may have been a little drunk, for without thinking I was running my
hand up and down her spine, almost sending it down over her buttocks.
Amy evidently noticed.
"Any lower with that hand Don, and your fingers will be coming out the bottom of
my dress!" she said to me.
"Oh...sorry." I whispered.
Amy giggled.  "It's okay, it feels good."
I smiled.
"I'm really glad you guys are here." Amy said.
"So am I." I replied.
"No, I really mean it.  I was a little afraid that when we met you things would
go sour. But instead it has been one of the highlights of my life!"
I chuckled and she punched me lightly.  "I'm serious now. Laura has always been
as good as a sister to me online, and I'm really happy that we get along just as
well in person!"
"Well," I said to her.  "I know that Laura thinks a great deal of you too. I
told you how excited she was when we first started talking about this trip.  She
was looking forward to getting closer to you."
Amy smiled. "Well she certainly got her chance to get close to me!"
Now it was my turn to smile again as I remembered how I had bound the two women
together.  "I hope you didn't mind spending time with Laura like that?"
"No I didn't mind. I kinda liked it!"  Amy blushed a little, or was that just
the lighting.
"I thought I might have gone too far with you though, you know, touching you
where I did."  I said slowly.  Now Amy definitely blushed.
"That was...okay too.  Did Laura mind?"
"No, she didn't, but I think she was on to much of a sexual high to really care
at the time."
Amy paused. "You know that Laura loves you very much."
"I know. She would be crazy to put up with what I ask of her if she didn't love
me." I said.
"Well, from where I'm looking, you guys have the perfect relationship!"
"Thanks, and is this observation based on what you saw this morning?"
Amy giggled, a delightful sound, her body rippling against mine.  "Well...you
were doing it right in front of me!"
"Were you shocked?"
"No...yes...not really...."  Amy said something else, her voice so low I
couldn't catch it over the music.
"What was that?"
"I said that watching you both today really aroused me." she whispered.
I smiled again.  "Good. But I have to say that watching you run around naked
does wonders for my libido too!"
I could see Amy blush again, and her arms tightened behind me for a second.
"You really are a beautiful woman." I said, meaning it.
"Thank you." Amy said quietly.  "I enjoy watching you too!"
I chuckled and bent low, kissing her lightly on the mouth.
She responded for just a second or two before pulling back.
"Oh hell, I'm sorry." I said.
"It's okay. Really. I understand." Amy said, letting go of me.
The song ended and we parted.  Ben and Laura had been on the dance floor as well
and they collected us on the way back to our table.  Neither of them noticed
that Amy and I hardly said anything to each other the rest of the night.



End of Part 7




On the Water  Part 8



We were at sea again by early the next morning.  Ben told me that we had a lot
of distance to cover in order to make the next stop before dark, so we were all
up with the birds.
We were under sail almost as soon as we cleared the island and with the wind at
our backs we made good time.
The women went back to their at sea uniform and their at sea duties, and I
continued my education under Ben's tutelage as he taught me how to handle both
the boat and the cane.
I was thrilled at the prospect of handling one, and still wondering how I felt
about the other.
It wasn't all work though.
We took the time to give the women a lesson about pirates, the pirates of old
that is.
Amy and Laura spent a couple of hours gagged and bent over the deck railings at
the fore deck, Amy to port and Laura to starboard.
They didn't stay bent over because they liked it (well maybe a little), but
because Ben and I had used plenty of rope to lash them into position.
Their legs were spread, their butts high (Laura's still red from her spanking
the day before, Amy's with two fading stripes), their heads low. All they could
do was watch the water speeding past them only a few feet below their heads.
Ben told me that long ago female captives who were not of any ransom value were
bound just like this on the rails of pirate vessels for the amusement of the
crew.
Well, they certainly amused THIS crew as Ben and I took turns ravishing our
maids and satisfying our lustful needs!
I was pretty sure we satisfied their needs too for there were no sounds of
protest from either of them!
Fun was had by all!
Despite our early start though, the sun was grazing the horizon before we
sighted land and it was completely dark by the time we reached it.
Ben took us in as close as he dared but anchored us well away from the beach.
"There's a reef I don't want to cross in the dark." he said to us.
That evening after supper, Ben and I decided to have a bondage contest. That is
to say we were going to watch as Amy and Laura competed against each other.
The women listened wide eyed as we told them the rules we had decided upon
earlier that day.
"Okay girls."  Ben said. "Here's how it goes.  Each of you will take a turn
tying up the other with this six foot length of rope.  The girl who gets tied
then has to make her way from our cabin door to the steps by the booth, about
twelve feet. Not very much, but then this is a small boat.
The object for the one doing the tying is to prevent the other from making it or
at least slow them down.  The winner is the girl who makes the distance in the
fastest time."
Amy and Laura looked at each other, then back at us.
"Does it matter how we tie each other, Sir?" Amy asked.
"Nope!  But you only get the one rope to do it with, and the rope can't be cut."
Ben answered.
"What do we win...Sir?"  Laura asked.
"What do you want?"  I asked her.
Laura looked at Amy for a moment.
"Sir, could Amy and I have a few minutes together to decide on something?" Laura
asked.
"Sure!" I said, after getting a nod from Ben.
Amy and Laura hurried into the forward cabin for a few minutes.
"Any idea what they might come up with?" I asked Ben.
He nodded. "I think so, I'd be surprised if you didn't."
I was about to ask what he meant when the women came back out. They knelt at our
feet.
"Sirs." said Laura. "We have decided that what we want is a few hours alone
together to play, the winner being in charge of the loser."
Ben chuckled, but I was surprised.  I had kinda hoped that our ladies would want
to experiment this way, but I had really considered it just a male fantasy. Yet
here they were!
I looked over at Ben who winked at me.  THIS was what he had been talking about.
"I assume you mean privately?" I asked.
Laura nodded, her expression anxious.
"Well...I don't know about leaving the two of you alone, I would think that we
would need to keep an eye on you!" I said, joking.
Their faces fell, it was almost comical.  I wondered if they would still do it
if we demanded that we had to watch. But I wasn't that mean.
"I'm joking ladies." I said, bringing relieved smiles to their faces.
"Then can we?" Laura asked.
"Sure." Ben said. "I don't mind if Don doesn't."
I nodded.  "Okay, you win. But I want to see an honest struggle to win from both
of you. If I feel that either one of you is going slow just to be dominated
later, then you both lose and you don't get your time together."
I didn't know if they HAD made such an arrangement, but I wanted it covered. I
wouldn't put it past Laura to let Amy win for such a prize.
"Don, I agree." Ben said. "In fact I'm upping the ante. If I see either of you
not doing your best to win then you get to be Don's first victim of the cane. He
gets one strike."
This surprised us all.
"Why?" I asked him.
"You can only do so much with a pillow Don.  There will come a time when you
will need to strike flesh.  I think this is a fair way of deciding who's, unless
a reason for punishment comes up."
I looked at the stunned women on the floor.  "Do you agree?"
"Yes, Sir." Amy said with a gulp.  Laura nodded, but with a little fear in her
eyes.
"Let's get started." Ben said.  He stood up and took a coin out of his pocket. 
"Laura, call it!" he said and flipped it up into the air.
"Heads!" Laura said.
Ben caught it and slammed in onto the back of his hand. "Tails. Amy goes first." 
He handed Amy the section of rope we had prepared.
"Better tie her up by the door." I suggested.
Ben and I settled back in our seats in the booth while Amy and Laura slowly made
their way to the door to the forward cabin.
"How do you want to do this?" Laura asked her.
"A hogtie, I think. Get down on your front." Amy said.
Laura did as she was asked, and Amy took the nude woman's arms and pulled them
together behind her back. She then used one end of the rope to tie Laura's
elbows together.
"Ow!" Laura said as the single strand tightened around her.
"Sorry. Do you want me to stop?" Amy asked, concerned.
"No, it's okay. I've taken worse." Laura replied, smiling. As Amy continued
Laura stuck her tongue out at me, knowing I heard her comment.  I smiled back.
Amy passed the rope down to Laura's wrists and made a single figure eight loop
around them, pulling them tight together. She then reached for Laura's feet,
crossing them and bringing up to meet Laura's hands.  Deftly she made a couple
of loops around each ankle and tied them in place, passing what was left of the
free end up again, past Laura's wrists and up to the elbow tie. She then tied
off the remainder of the rope at that point.
"There you go!" Amy said, patting Laura on the butt.
Laura twisted a little, settling in to the bondage.  I thought it an interesting
tie, none of the knots were available for Laura to reach, and I wondered how
well Laura would be able to move.
"Come here Amy." Ben said, and Amy padded over to kneel at Ben's feet.  He had
his watch out.  "Ready Laura?"
Laura nodded.
"Go!"
Laura immediately began wriggling, attempting to find purchase on the hard wood
floor.  She looked great as her naked body wriggled from side to side in the
narrow walk way, slowly inching forward toward us.  Her breasts were pressed and
lifted as she moved, alternately exposed and hidden, her hips and legs shifting
back and forth, the glint of her collar shining through her hair which quickly
began to get in the way.
Amy had made a good choice in crossing Laura's ankles, in the confines of the
cabin it spread Laura's knees and gave her less room to work with. I was
impressed.
Eventually Laura made her goal after a lot of puffing and moaning, and Ben
called time while Amy untied her friend.
Laura had deep red lines on her elbows, wrists and ankles, evidence of the rope
biting in.
"I think you did your best." I told her, relief in her eyes.
Now it was Amy's turn.  "Be gentle." Amy said with a smile.
"Yeah, right!"  Laura said grinning.
Laura led Amy back to the door and used the rope to bind her hands together
behind her back.  She used the middle of the rope, leaving the ends dangling.
Then Laura pushed Amy to the wall.  At about the height of their heads was a
wall mounted  light fixture.  Laura took the free ends of the rope and pulled
upwards, bending Amy forward in the process. She began to tie the ends to the
light fixture.
Amy protested. "Hey! You cant tie me to anything!"
"They didn't say I couldn't!" Laura said with a smile.
"This isn't fair!" Amy cried out. "Ben, tell her!"
Ben just chuckled. "She's right Amy, we didn't say anything about not tying to
solid objects."
"Maybe next time." I added.
"But..." Amy said.
"Stop complaining." Ben ordered, and Amy shut her mouth.
Laura finished binding Amy and stood back to admire her work.  Amy was standing
half bent over, her arms pulled up behind her, attached to the fixture at the
wrists. The knots holding her were well out of her reach.
She looked wonderful, up on her toes to take the weight of her arms, the muscles
of her legs standing out well defined, her small breasts dangling.
"Ready? Go!" Ben said.
"How am I supposed to get to you like this?" Amy said.
"Didn't I tell you to stop complaining?" Ben said to her.
Amy paled and began struggling. I motioned to Laura to come to me and she came
over and knelt down.
"That was a dirty trick." I whispered to her.
"Yeah, well my butt was on the line." Laura whispered back.
We watched as Amy fruitlessly pulled and tugged at the rope that held her, but
the awkward position didn't give her much leverage and I would think that she
would also be afraid of pulling the fixture off the wall. Who knew what Ben
would do if she damaged his boat.
Ben let her struggle until we passed Laura's time and then he called it quits. 
"Go untie her Laura." he ordered.
"Yes Sir." Laura said and she went over to the sulking Amy.
"I think Amy did her best to win!" I said, hoping to save Amy's butt.
"I agree." Ben said. "But she also complained after I told her to stop, so she
gets the cane anyway, just as a reminder."
I was going to protest, but I saw his point. She HAD disobeyed him and I did
agree that he had to discipline her.
I turned back to the women in silence.
As Laura untied Amy she spoke softly and what ever it was she said seemed to
mend any hard feelings Amy might have had for her. They hugged briefly once Amy
was free and then they both came back to us.
"Well, Laura, it seems you won your prize." Ben said smiling.  "Amy, you will
receive yours when I feel that Don is ready to give it to you."
Amy glanced at me and them lowered her eyes.  I wasn't sure how I'd feel caning
her, certainly not happy.
Ben looked a me. "Anything else before we let them play?" he asked.
"Yeah, one thing. Wait here." I got up and went to my cabin, coming back with a
length of chain and a couple of leather cuffs.  I locked a cuff on each girl's
left ankle and then locked one end of the eight foot chain to Laura's cuff.
"Which cabin?" I asked Ben.
"They can use ours." Ben said.
"Okay ladies!" I said and the women got up and went to the forward cabin.  I had
them climb on the bed and I passed the end of the chain through a metal loop
mounted to the base of the bed (funny, there were a lot of those hoops all over
the boat, I wonder why :) and locked it to Amy's ankle cuff.
I looked around.  "There should be enough toys in here for you guys to have
fun!" I said grinning.
Both women smiled.
I went to Laura. "You sure about this?" I asked quietly.
Laura nodded. "Amy and I have been talking about this ever since you tied us
together, this isn't a quick decision."
"Okay." I said, and I left them alone, closing the door behind me.
Ben had moved to the Navigation nook and had turned on the weather radio. "I'll
meet you up top." he said.
I nodded and grabbed a beer.
I sat down on one of the built in seats at the stern and gazed up at the stars,
wondering what was going on in the forward cabin.  The stars seemed so clear and
sharp, like I could just reach up and touch them if I cared to.
The gentle rocking of the boat made them swing back and forth above me, a
beautiful sight.
Ben came out and collapsed next to me, and I saw him pull a pipe out.
"I didn't know you smoked." I said.
"Oh, just every once and a while I treat myself to a pipe.  Just when I feel the
need."
"And you need it now?"  I asked.
Ben didn't answer. Instead I watched as he slowly coaxed the pipe to life,
before settling back.
"I could tell you were surprised by their request." Ben said to me eventually.
"I was. But not totally. I mean, what guys wouldn't wonder if their women
wouldn't get together if they were like ours.
We do subscribe to a pretty sexually oriented lifestyle."
"I know.  It's only natural to wonder."
"Why weren't YOU surprised?" I asked him.
"Amy told me earlier what she and Laura discussed."
"She what?"
Ben chuckled.  "It's okay, she wasn't reporting to me or anything like that,
it's just that over time Amy has learned to open herself verbally to me,
confessing sins and generally keeping me informed about everything that she
does. I doubt now there is a thought in her head that she doesn't pass on to me
in some way."
"Oh." I said, wondering what other thoughts she may have passed on.
"To be honest, we have had conversations about her and Laura since before we
planned this trip.  As you say, it's normal to wonder and Amy has always had a
powerful fantasy life."
"I see."
Ben sat quietly for a while, puffing on his pipe while I sipped at my beer, the
both of us gazing at the stars and the huge black shadow of the island next to
us.
"She also gave voice to some other thoughts." Ben said, and I thought, here it
comes.
"I take it that you have given her reason to think that you might want to be
involved with her." Ben said quietly.
I said nothing, for a minute, I just looked down at the deck.  "Like I said, our
chosen lifestyles open up those possibilities."
"Don't give me that bullshit!"  Ben snarled.  "You're not some horny teenager
scouting the web for unsuspecting women!
You aren't some geek who thinks that all we do in this LIFESTYLE is tie our
women down, whip them until they pass out and then fuck them!  You know better
than that. So don't give me this LIFESTYLE crap, Don, and tell me how you feel!
I won't get mad."
"You sound mad already!" I said.
"No, Don, just frustrated.  As much as you know about bondage and submission you
still seem to think in terms of owner and property sometimes.  You figure that
once you decide to follow a set of rules that all that should matter ARE the
rules.  Don't forget that below are two real people that we love. REAL PEOPLE,
Don!  That they have chosen to live with us, be with us, in a role that places
them in a submissive position to us is the greatest gift we will ever get.  The
GREATEST gift we will ever see.  It is NOT something to treat casually, not that
you do, Don.  I know that. But there are times you seem to put Laura second to
the process. It's something I've noticed talking with you online as well as out
here on this trip."
I said nothing, realizing the truth in his words yet wondering where he was
heading.
"Don, let me ask you something.  If Laura came up to you and said that she
wanted to stop, that she felt that she no longer needed to play the part of your
submissive and that she wanted to live with you as a vanilla husband and wife,
what would you do?"
"That's a hell of a question, Ben." I said to him.
"Can you answer it, and be confident that your answer is the right one?"
Could I?
I sat for a bit, considering the question he had posed. If Laura really wanted
to drop all the bondage, all the rules and the comfortable routine we had
developed, the LIFESTYLE, could I?
"Ben, I can't honestly answer that." I said.
"Why not?"
"Something like that is too important not to discuss, and the only person I
could discuss it with is Laura."
Ben nodded.  "Good.  If you had given me any other answer I'd have made you walk
the plank."
I laughed.
"I'm not joking." he said with a smile I could only see by the light of his pipe
and the faint light from the top of the mast. "I think I have a plank
somewhere."
I chuckled.
"You're a good man Don, but you still have a lot to learn."
"Glad you're here to teach me Ben." I answered.
"Hey, it's only fair.  You've taught Amy and me a lot about deep bondage and
it's many varied forms.  Introduced us to new pleasures."
I shrugged.
"So Don, will you tell me what's really on your mind concerning Amy?"  Ben
asked.
"To be honest, I'm not really sure." I said. "Given the fact that she and Laura
both spend so much time running around in front of us naked it's hard to think
with the head on my shoulders instead of the other one sometimes."
Ben laughed. "I know what you mean."
"I know that when we discussed mutual play a the beginning of the trip we
decided to leave out any sexual play. But frankly I have to tell you that given
the opportunity," I looked directly at him, "and the permission, I wouldn't feel
guilty about playing with Amy that way."
Ben looked me in the eye, then looked back up at the sky.
"Well, that's honest enough. Thank you, Don." he said.
I watched him for a minute but when he didn't say anything I sat back and looked
out at the water. I figured he needed time to think about what I had said.  Me,
I couldn't believe I had just told him what I had.  What was I thinking!
"You know," Ben said after a while, "I'd be lying if I said I hadn't entertained
the same thoughts about your wife."
I looked at him.
"She is a very beautiful lady, and with her nude all the time it is hard to
concentrate."  He smiled behind his pipe.
"So what are you suggesting," I said. "that we make them dress?"
"I don't think we need to go THAT far, do you?"
"It would diminish the beauty of this cruise." I said.
"Exactly." replied Ben and we laughed quietly. "But I think we do need to be
aware of each other's intentions, Don."
I agreed.
"Don. Right now, I have no intentions toward Laura, but I'm not closing my mind
to the possibility that in the future that might change.  It's just that right
now, Amy is all I need."
I nodded, a little sad for some reason.
"We've only been together a few days, Don.  We still have a couple of weeks
ahead of us.  Let's not rush things right now.  I'd rather you didn't involve
yourself with Amy at the moment, at least, any more than you already have. I
know where your hands have been."  he chuckled. "It might be good for her if you
kept those hands at work on her at odd moments, keep her guessing that is, so
feel free to allow them to roam a little from time to time. But otherwise leave
her be."
"Okay."
"We'll talk again about this."
"We'd better, or I'm asking my travel agent for a refund!" I replied, grateful
that Ben hadn't bitten my head off for making moves on his woman.
Ben laughed and held out his hand. "Friends?"
"You got it!" I said, and we shook.
We sat back and looked at the perfect sky again.
"I wonder what they're doing down there?" I asked.
"Let's leave them their privacy shall we?"  Ben said.
I nodded, and wondered if Amy would tell him all about it afterward.
"How do you feel about them, being together like that?" I asked him.
"I know how much they feel for each other." he answered.
It seemed all the answer he was prepared to give.
We sat together for a couple of hours, just staring at the sky and talking of
inconsequential things, before sleep started to take over.  It was late and we
thought it time the games ended.
We walked quietly below and to the forward cabin.  I knocked on the door and
after a moment opened it.
What we saw made us pause.
Amy and Laura lay together on the bed, arms and legs twisted and wrapped about
each other.  A considerable number of chains had been added to the single chain
I had left them with, and I saw places where ankles were connected to wrists and
other combinations.
But what made us pause was that they were asleep.
Their heads were close together and the light in the room reflected off the
collars they always wore, silver for Laura and gold for Amy. In their slumber
this made them look even more vulnerable and in need of our protection.
They looked beautiful.
I glanced at Ben who backed up. I moved back and shut the door.
"Should we let them sleep?" I asked quietly.
Ben nodded.  "I wouldn't want to disturb that." he said.
"They truly are beauties aren't they?"
Ben put a hand on my shoulder.  "We are very lucky men." He moved past me. 
"I'll sleep in the single berth, but I have to get a few things first. I'll
leave them a key. Everything they locked onto each other they used with the
knowledge that we would have to unlock them.  Well, they have duties to perform
in the morning and I'm not going to get up to free them."
I laughed.
He stepped forward into the cabin for a minute and came out with a small bag,
his toiletries I assumed.
"Good night Don." he said.
"Good night Ben." I replied.
I went to my cabin and climbed alone into bed.
As I fell asleep I wondered what Laura and Amy had done together and what we all
might do together in the future.



End of Part 8.








On the Water  Part 9




The next morning Ben moved the boat through the reef and we anchored in a small
bay.  The island was nothing like the last one, it was full of lush tropical
growth and had a long sandy beach.
It was beautiful.
The women were already at work cleaning the boat, and Ben and I ate the
breakfast they had prepared on deck, so we could watch them.  So far they had
said nothing about their night together, and Ben had warned me not to press.
"Laura will tell you in her own good time."
We did notice that both women sported a few new marks.  Amy's butt and thighs
had fine red lines on them, and Laura had more lines on her breasts and groin.
It didn't take a genius to see that they were whip marks, but not heavy ones. 
These marks were created in pleasure, not in punishment.  It made me that much
more curious.
After they finished their chores, got cleaned up and ate, we helped the ladies
unpack the row boat and the four of us went ashore.  Ben and I wore shorts and
shirts while the ladies were suitably attired in just their collars and chains.
"This place is wonderful!" Laura said as we stepped on the beach.
"Just wait!" Amy said grinning from ear to ear.
I watched them both with admiration, they looked so cute.
They each had their hands cuffed behind them and their ankles were hobbled with
twelve inch chains.  From their collars hung leashes and it was with pride that
I took my wife's. She smiled at me and I kissed her.
"Let's have some fun." she said to me.
"I plan on it Babe!" I replied.
Ben grinned at us both and picked up Amy's leash, attaching it to the back of
Laura's collar.
"I'd always wanted a coffle of slave girls!" he said.
"Oh really?"  Amy asked, her eyebrows raised.
"But of course all I ever needed was you!" Ben said hurriedly.
"I bet!" Amy replied with a giggle.
"I really think that a coffle needs more than two girls to count." I said.
"Well, maybe we can pick up a few more later on." Ben said.
Both women protested.
"Noisy isn't it?" I said, pulling a couple of gags from my bag.
Laura's eyes opened wide. "We'll be quiet!" she said.
"I know you will." I replied, placing the gag in her mouth.
Laura gave me a hurt look as I buckled the penis gag in and then I turned to
Amy.  She grinned and opened her mouth, never taking her eyes off mine as I
gagged her as well.
"Did you want to take them?" I asked Ben.
"Sure!  Come on!" he replied, taking Laura's leash.
He led them off and I followed behind.  I have to tell you that the sight of
these two naked and bound women being led through the jungle was one of the high
points of the trip for me.  It all seemed so basic, so natural. The women in
their natural state in a setting about as raw as you can find on earth. That
they were completely helpless in this environment was a big plus.  I couldn't
help but admire them.  Amy's tight little ass, the muscles so well defined.
Laura's long blond hair swinging softly back and forth.
When Laura's hair grew to reach her butt she told me that it added a whole new
dimension to walking around nude, for the ends of her hair would caress her butt
cheeks, another constant reminder of her nudity.
I loved it.
As I followed Ben and the women I couldn't help thinking how lucky I was.
We walked for about a half an hour, going up hill most of that time until we
broke out of the brush and into a clearing.
On our side we could see down into the bay where the 'Kajira' lay at anchor. It
looked so small.
There was a steep cliff on the other side of the clearing that blended into the
mountain that towered over the island and down the face of the cliff flowed
water.  It wasn't exactly a waterfall, more like a water dribble. But over time
it had carved out a deep pool of water at it's base, and it was here where we
stopped.
"I like it!" I said.
"Yeah. This is a great spot.  Lets get the women put away and then we can set up
the camp."  said Ben.
Ben unhooked Amy's leash from Laura and led her over to a tree.
"Wait, I have an idea." I said.
"Okay." Ben replied.
I led Laura over to Amy and pushed them together face to face.  Using rope from
the bag I bound them together, relocking their arms around each other.  I caught
Laura grinning behind her gag.
Their leashes we tied above them to a tree limb.
"Be good!" I said.
Ben stepped up and examined my handiwork.  "Very nice." he said, and gave both
women's butts a squeeze.  It was the first time I had known him purposely touch
my wife other than to bind her, I found it interesting considering our
conversation last night.
We left the gear we had brought next to the pool and began the walk back to the
'Kajira'.  The plan was to stay on the island for a couple of days, and we
needed to bring ashore our food and the rest of our camping gear.
"They'll be safe there right?" I asked Ben.
"As long as they don't fall over!" Ben said.
They didn't.  It took us about an hour to make the round trip and when we got
back the women were as we left them, wide eyed and helplessly together.
Ben and I set up the camp while the women watched. Two tents, a fireplace, and a
latrine area behind some bushes. Only then did we let them go and they finished
unpacking while we relaxed.
When done they came and knelt beside us.
"You are SO beautiful." I told them, making them both smile.
"Lets swim." Ben said.  So we did.
The pool was deep and warm from the sun, and had a semi sandy bottom that made
it easy on the feet.
Amy swam to the far side of the pool and began to climb the rocks the water
poured down.  Again I was struck by how beautiful wet women were!
She found a spot where she could stand and have the water pour directly on her,
and she turned this way and that, posing unshamefully, her golden collar shining
in the sunlight.
"Tease!" Ben yelled at her, making her laugh.
Laura swam up to me, she had evidently noticed my staring.
"You like to watch her don't you."  Laura said.
"I like to watch you both." I said honestly.
Laura turned to look at Amy who was giggling as Ben splashed her with water. 
"Are you planning anything?" she asked me.
"What do you mean?"
"With her." Laura turned back to me.
"And if I was?" I asked.
Laura didn't answer.  We had talked about this before the trip, the possibility
of us having an encounter of some sort with each other's partners.  At the time
we had decided to just wait and see if there was a possibility of it happening
before agonizing over it.  Evidently Laura had begun to agonize.
"Do you want to talk about it?" I asked her.
She nodded.
"Then lets do it tonight, lets just enjoy the day now. Okay?"
She nodded again and I took her in my arms, kissing her deeply.  We were both
naked in the water and I could feel my erection brushing her between her legs.
Always an enjoyable feeling.
"I love you." I told her.
"Oh shut up!" she replied with a smile, her personal code for the same words.
As we embraced I noticed that Amy had come down from the rocks and she and Ben
were facing each other in a similar embrace.
We watched as they kissed and Ben lifted his nymph like companion out of the
water. As he lowered her back down both Laura and I knew what he had done, and
we watched quietly as the couple made love there in the pool.
I held on to Laura from behind, my hands on her breasts as Ben and Amy slowly
fucked.  To Laura's surprise I lifted her suddenly by the hips and she plunged
effortlessly onto my penis, engulfing it in her warmth.
Laura and I began to work ourselves up to a wonderful orgasm, the water giving
us a buoyancy that made things a lot easier.
I was able to keep both hands on her breasts, pinching her nipples between my
fingers.
Laura closed her eyes as she usually does but I watched Ben and Amy.  Amy's head
was bent forward, obscuring Ben's face from view. Her arms were wrapped around
him, the rest of them hidden in the water.  Amy was panting and moaning, as was
Laura in front of me, but Amy lacked Laura's musical talent.  Her cries were
primal, basic, and loud!
Ben HAD to have been gagging her on the boat when they made love for we surely
would have heard her otherwise at our end.
Laura came first, but her cries of passion were drowned out by Amy who almost
screamed!  As they slowed down Amy glanced over at us, very red faced. I smiled.
Ben lifted her off him and looked rather embarrassed himself until her saw what
Laura and I were doing.  I doubt he even heard us over Amy screaming in his
ears.
Laura, looked up and laughed and Amy followed suit.  Ben and I joined in and the
clearing was filled with our joy.
Life was good.
I grabbed Laura and much to her embarrassment I carried her out of the water
still impaled on me, only slipping out of her when I put her down.
She turned and kissed me.
I returned the kiss and then reached down for a chain Ben and I had positioned
earlier.  Connected to a tree, the chain was long enough to reach all parts of
the camp site, the other end would connect to Laura's leg.  Another chain
connected to a different tree was waiting for Amy.  Ben brought her out to it
and locked it upon her.
"I'm hungry." he said. "I think it's time the slave girls made lunch."
"How typically male!" Laura said, making us laugh.
"Yeah, some sex, some food, that's all it takes to make them happy." Amy added
with a giggle.
"We also like silence!" I said, picking up their gags.
"You wouldn't dare." Laura said, with a smile.
"Oh wouldn't I?" I said, and I made a playful move toward her.  Laura screamed
and began moving backward across the sand that surrounded the pool and laughing
I followed.
She came up short at the end of her chain and tried to dodge left, laughing as
much as I was, but I grabbed a foot.
In seconds I was on top of her and with our wriggling naked bodies entwined I
managed to get the gag in her and buckled.
I looked over at Ben who tossed over a padlock. Surprisingly I caught it and
Laura was now irrevocably gagged.
She glared at me but I could tell she wasn't really mad.
We play these games all the time.
Ben was laughing as he pulled on a pair of shorts, and Amy smiled where she
knelt.
I got up and stood over my wife.  "Dust me off, woman!" I ordered.  Laura gave
me that look again, and she began to pat me down, brushing the sand off my skin. 
I'm sure she slapped me a little harder then was needed, but I wasn't going to
spoil her fun.
"Very good!"  I said when I was reasonably clean. "Now go help with lunch. And
stay on your knees, walking is out for you for a while!" I told her.
Laura whined, but did as I asked, crawling over the warm sand to the camp site,
her ankle chain pulled behind her.
I walked with her, giving her a small spank to hurry her up.
I love to watch her crawl, her suspended breasts swaying slightly from side to
side, her sex visible between her legs.  Again it was that natural state thing.
"She looks good like that!" Ben said.
"Yes she does, in fact she does this a lot more at home. She's been kinda
spoiled out here."
"I know what you mean." he said, looking at Amy who was busy unpacking a hamper
full of food.
"What she needs is a day of deep discipline." I told Ben, pulling on my own
shorts.
"Sounds good. Amy could use one too. Lets make it today shall we?"
"Yes let's." I said, looking at him.  He inclined his head in my direction. I
was in charge.
"Okay, Women! Kneel!"
Amy and Laura stopped what they were doing and knelt. Laura snapped to and knelt
with her hands behind her head, her knees spread, her eyes on her breasts.  Amy
knelt as she normally did until she saw how Laura knelt. She hesitantly changed
positions to match.
"That's right, Amy." Ben said. "Today you watch Laura and do what she does."
"Yes Sir." Amy said, stifling a grin.  We had told her about the times when once
a week Laura went 'Total Slave', and I think she was eager to see what it was
like.
"Good!" I said, smiling. "No talking among yourselves, no talking to us unless
it is something important. You keep your eyes on your work or your breasts or
our dicks, nothing else. No touching yourselves, although you can touch each
other if you wish, and no walking unless we tell you otherwise.  Understood?"
"Yes, Sir." they both replied.
"Anything to add?" I asked Ben.
He shook his head.
"Very well, prepare lunch, for two, large portions."
As the women bent to their tasks, I grabbed a beer from the cooler and Ben and I
stood nearby and watched them.
We spoke about them as if they weren't there, talking about how they looked and
how they performed as sex partners.
Ben quickly caught on that the purpose of our loud conversation was to embarrass
the hell out of them and while our language never dropped to anything crude we
still got them both red with humiliation.
Amy would look our way from time to time, whenever one of said something
particularly cutting, but Laura worked without looking at us at all.  We kept
the game up until the women were ready, kneeling in place with their hands
behind their heads.
Ben and I casually made our way back and began to eat.  The women knelt quietly
next to us, their heads down, but I knew that they were wondering if they were
going to get fed.
Eventually I took off Laura's gag and I picked up some cut up cold cuts and held
them in front of her mouth. She picked the food from my fingers, her teeth never
touching me.
I then did the same for Amy.  Amy glanced at Ben.
"Don't look at him!" I told her.  Amy looked down at my fingers full of meat,
and did as Laura did, but she used her teeth.  "Next time, I don't want to feel
your teeth." I ordered.  Amy sighed.
Ben watched with interest.
"Having them only use their lips helps them develop their dexterity." I
explained to Ben.
"Ah, I see.  That would come in handy." he said.
We continued to feed our beautiful ladies, then made them clean up.
"We wont need them for a while will we?" I said.
"No, there's something we can do but we wont need them until later." Ben
answered.
"Okay."  I reached into the toy bag and pulled out some metal stakes and a
hammer.  Ben helped me pound them into the ground and soon we had Laura and Amy
staked spread-eagled on the sand, face down, side by side.  We gagged them both
and Ben tossed me a tube of sunscreen.
"I'll let you do the honors." he said. "I'm going to take a nap."
I smiled. We had positioned them so that their open legs faced the camp site and
Ben settled into a camp chair with a perfect view of their intimate places.
I stripped off my shorts and squeezed some lotion on my hands and began work on
Amy, rubbing the gooey mess all over her skin. She almost looked up at me, but
instead watched my penis which I made sure she could see.
I let my hands roam her back and her buttocks, coming close but not touching her
pussy.  Then I did her legs and feet, enjoying their hardness.
"Oops, missed a spot."  I said, and went back to apply a dollop to her pussy. 
"Tut tut, guess its covered in lotion already!" I said, making her blush even
more than I had with the rub down. I worked her wetness into the surrounding
skin.
As I did I caught Laura's eye. She was watching me carefully, with perhaps a
hint of jealousy?
"Don't worry Laura." I said to the gagged woman. "You're next!"
My rubbing had definitely had it's affect on Amy, and I kept going until I heard
her begin to pant.  I bet she was surprised when I got up suddenly.  I walked
over to Ben and tossed him the lotion.  "I'm tired. Can you do Laura?"
Ben smiled. "Sure." he said.
I pulled on my shorts and settled down in the chair Ben vacated.  He really had
a great view.
Ben pulled off his shorts as I had done and crouched near Laura's head. I knew
that she had to have a real close look at Ben's manhood from that angle and I
bet she enjoyed the view, knowing how interested in men's equipment she was.
Ben began rubbing her down and I wondered what Amy thought of it. Did she have
that slight look of jealously in her eyes?
I wanted to know but I though it best to stay where I was.
Instead I admired the two bright pink flowers splayed open before me, one I knew
so well and one I...well, that might come eventually.
Ben took his time rubbing lotion into my wife and I doubted there was a spot of
exposed skin that he missed.
Well there was one. He had avoided touching my wife's pussy.
He looked up at me and I nodded. I could already see that she was excited.
He began to rub her slowly and didn't stop until Laura began to moan. As he
rubbed he moved over where he could reach Amy and rubbed her too.  He soon had
both women panting and moaning and then with a grin he stopped and stood up.
Both women moaned louder but he ignored them. He pulled his shorts on and then
went into the water.
I joined him and we swam for a little while.
"So, you had something planned?"  I asked him.
"Yes, but we have to go back to the boat." he replied.
"What for?" I thought we had brought all we needed.
"You'll see."
We got out of the water and Ben went to the bag of toys and pulled out the
remote controlled vibrators. He handed me one.
"This will keep them occupied while we're gone." he said with a grin. Then he
quickly dug in the bag and pulled out some blindfolds.
He took everything and walked to where the women could see him.
"Ladies. Don and I are going for a walk. In the meantime we are going to put
these in you." He showed them the vibrator he was carrying.
He dropped to his knees and put a blindfold on each woman, then motioned me
over. "Walk around them." he said.
Puzzled I did as he asked, the both of us walking around and over them for a few
minutes. Then he dropped down between Amy's legs and motioned for me to do the
same with Laura.
That was when I got it.  The women would know someone was behind them but would
have no idea who.
Ben turned on the vibrator and began to push it into Amy, and I did the same
with Laura.
Laura moaned as it went in, her pussy still moist and inflamed.
Ben stepped back and I joined him.
"Those vibrators had better be where we left them when we come back!" he warned.
I chuckled and we left the clearing, heading back to the boat.
"You're a devious S.O.B." I told him once the women were out of earshot."
"I learned it from you. The erotic use of confusion I think you called it."
I laughed.  "Yeah, and I hope we can keep it up for the rest of the trip!"
Ben chuckled.
A half hour later we made it to the row boat and made our way out to the
'Kajira'.  Once onboard I found out what we had come back for.
His cane.



End of Part 9.





On the Water  Part 10



The sun had been popping in and out from behind small cotton puff clouds all
day, but it was still strong enough to burn as Ben and I discovered when we got
back to the camp site.
The women, trapped on their fronts with their intimate parts fully exposed, were
turning just a slight shade of pink despite the large amount of sunscreen we had
lovingly applied. Their coloring brought out the marks from the light whips they
had used on each other the night before.
They were also both moaning a little from the actions of the vibrators we had
left running in them and both their asses were shifting from side to side as
they tried to cope.
They looked very wet and ready and I found myself growing quite hard at the
sight of them.
Ben and I padded silently to our women and as one we placed our hands on their
pussies.
They both jumped not having heard us and they squealed as we began pumping them
with the vibrators.
At a signal from Ben we pulled the vibrators out with an audible plop and got
moans of frustration out of both of women.
My wife raised her hips toward me, her very erect labia searching for more
stimulation. I smiled and bent low, kissing those soft wet lips before standing
again.
Ben went and hid the cane under a blanket while I undid the bonds that held the
women down and took off their blindfolds.  They got stiffly to their knees and I
told them to crawl over to the latrine area and use it.
They looked at each other, both realizing that I had just ordered them to use
the bathroom together.  Amy looked over at Ben for conformation, something that
I found a little annoying to be honest.  If she knew Ben trusted me enough to
give these kinds of orders than why was she questioning them by waiting for Ben
to confirm them.
"I told you not to look at him!" I said sharply to her.
Amy jerked her head back and looked me in the eye for a second before looking
down at her chest.
"Go." I ordered and both women began to crawl slowly toward the bushes we had
staked out.
I walked over to Ben.  "Ben, what are we going to do about that?" I asked him. 
While I felt confident enough with the control aspects of our chosen lifestyle I
still tended to turn to Ben for the punishment side.
"About what? The way they hesitated?" Ben asked.
"Well, there's that too I guess. But I'm really talking about the way Amy
watches you to see if she has to do something I ask!"
"Don, don't take it personally.  What we have here is a very intimate situation
and I would imagine that both Amy and Laura are as nervous as hell right now."
Ben said. "It's only natural that Amy will look to me for a little security as I
expect Laura would you if I was the one giving them the orders.  Remember Pal
not to put the system over the people.
They may have agreed to be ours, but that didn't take anything away from the
people they are inside.  Just relax and once they both settle some more I'm sure
Amy will trust you enough to stop looking to me and vice versa with Laura."
I nodded, relaxing a bit. Ben made a lot of sense and I told him so.
"Good." he said with a smile. "But there is that other matter. They both should
have acted a little faster on your command shouldn't they? I don't want to get
into the habit of having to repeat orders and I doubt you do either."
"No, I don't!" I said grinning.
"Well then, here's what we'll do..."
When the women finally crawled back into the clearing, both a little red faced,
I ordered them back to their spots within the steaks.
We bound them again, this time face up.
"We're going to have to put you to work later." I told them as I pulled off my
shorts.  "All this lying around you get to do is going to make you lazy!"
Both women stared at me over their gags.  Laura with a concerned smile and Amy
with a nervous one.
Ben tossed me the sunscreen and settled naked into one of the chairs.
Again I rubbed sunscreen into Amy's skin, taking my time as I made sure to reach
each part of her exposed body.  As I did her breasts I couldn't help feeling a
little disappointed.  With her arms out stretched her breasts were almost pulled
back into her chest, just little tan mounds topped with some very erect nipples. 
A friend told me once that anything more than a handful was a waste, well excuse
me for liking a bit of waste.
Her nipples looked divine though and I had to resist the urge to nibble on them.
I did most of the work on her body from a position between her legs, and I was
well aware of how my naked body moved over hers, not touching yet very close
indeed.  Amy kept her eyes on me though she managed to avoid looking in my eyes.
Her body was tense under my hands but I did feel her begin to relax when I
massaged more cream onto her sex.
A couple of times she did jump however, when the tip of my penis grazed her skin
as I reached across her body.
I quite enjoyed it.
When I was done I looked over at Laura to find her watching me. She looked away
quickly but I could see that she was terribly concerned.  I wondered how much
longer Ben and I could keep this game up before one of them safe worded.
I got up and went over to Ben, handing him the sunscreen and he applied it to my
wife in much the same manner as I had to Amy.  Only then did I realize how my
position had shown him my ass and to be honest Ben in the same position was not
a pretty picture.  I had to laugh.
Ben took his time and was a little more successful at exciting Laura for she was
moaning a little by the time he got done. He also took the time to give Amy a
little massage before getting up.
I saw a few times when Ben's impressive member brushed Laura's skin and there
was one point as he did her shoulders that his dick rubbed against her smooth
flat tummy quite a lot!  I hoped he enjoyed it and wondered how Laura was taking
it.
It didn't occur to me until much later that day that I hadn't been concerned at
all about the intimate contact between Ben and my wife.
I just watched them with a smile until Ben was done.
By now I was so hard I was aching.
Ben put their blindfolds on and I got up and went over, bringing the vibrators.
We walked around them for a few minutes and got down between their legs.
Silently we played with our women, using the vibrators and our intimate
knowledge of just how much they could take to drive them toward a sexual peak. 
I was really glad when Ben gave the signal and we pulled away the vibrators and
replaced them with ourselves.
Under me Laura bucked and shuddered as my entry triggered her first orgasm.  I
came not long after and then she came again.
The muscles of her body were in sharp relief as she strained against her bonds
and she looked and felt fantastic.  It was a tremendous fuck!
Next to us Amy was expressing her own passions that the gag she wore could
barely contain.  Ben, who must have outweighed his woman by almost a hundred
pounds was being lifted into the air like a bronco on a bull. I didn't know Amy
had that much strength in her.
Ben had this huge grin on his face that I'm sure matched mine as we both rode
our women to exhaustion, and soon the four of us were lying still on the warm
sand completely done in.
I pulled out of my wife and moved away, not acknowledging who I was although I
would have been surprised if she hadn't known.  After a moment Ben joined me and
we went for a swim to clean up. On the other side we talked.
"Wow!" I said.
Ben laughed.  "Don, I have to tell you that I never expected to be able to
perform like that with Amy with anyone as close to us as you and Laura were just
now."
"Me too.  I guess we're breaking down a few taboos today aren't we!"
"I guess we are." Ben agreed.
"So...time for the next stage?" I asked.
"Lets give them some water first." Ben said.
We went back and I unlocked the women's gags while Ben got some water bottles
out of the cooler. He also brought some salt tablets, for the women had been
sweating a lot as they lay there in the sun.
"No talking, either of you." I said as I pulled Laura's gag out.
Her mouth stayed open, her tongue snaking past her drying lips.  I gave her a
little water and then when she was ready I let her take the salt tablet.  Ben
did the same with Amy and we stayed with them until they had each finished their
bottle of water before replacing the gags.
Ben and I went over to the chairs and I lay back on a blanket, drinking my own
bottle of water.
"Ready?" Ben asked me.
I nodded, feeling a little nervous.
Ben took a blanket and folded it up into a pillow sized bundle and walked over
to a fallen log at the edge of the clearing.  I dug the cane out from where Ben
had hid it and followed him.
Ben laid the blanket over the log.  "This is about the right height for using
the cane when there isn't anything for her to bend over." Ben said to me.
I nodded without saying a word.
"You saw how we did it the other night, with Amy on her knees. The angle is
different but not too bad. Give it a go!"
He stepped aside and I got into position to strike the blanket with the cane.  I
don't know if the ladies had heard Ben talking, but they certainly heard the
swish of the cane traveling through the air and the thump of it's landing.
Two heads appeared above four tanned breasts even though they couldn't see
anything with their blindfolds on.
From our angle they looked a little comical as their heads bobbed back and forth
over the splendor that was their nude forms.
I watched them until they put their heads down again and used the cane again. 
This time I didn't watch the women, I concentrated on my task.  I was hitting
high but I soon corrected that.  I struck again and again at a steady pace that
wouldn't tire me out, until I felt I could close my eyes and hit the same spot.
Ben told me that it was important I practice. "Muscle memory." he called it.
"It's the same with any repetitive task. Do it enough times and your body
remembers the moves so well you don't have to really think about it any more.
You are able to focus more on the result than the action itself.
It's like driving in a way.  You don't really think about how you steer or use
the pedals, instead your focus is on where you're going and how to get there
safely."
I hadn't really understood when he had told me that at first, but after a while
I knew what he was talking about.
I no longer had to think about how high to raise the cane or how hard to bring
it down, instead I just concentrated on placing it exactly where I wanted it and
with the correct angle.
"You're ready to try one for real." he said to me.
I swallowed and nodded, my throat dry.
We went back to the ladies, the both of them lying silent and still. They had
evidently heard Ben's last statement.
Ben unlocked and took off Amy's blindfold and gag while I did the same with 
Laura.  She looked up at me with her big blue eyes and her expression was a
little anxious.  I leaned forward and kissed her softly.  "Be brave." I
whispered.
She nodded.
"Amy." Ben said. "It's time for that punishment I promised you. Don is going to
be the one to give it to you.  Will you be okay with that?"
Amy looked at me, then at Ben.  "I hope you trained him right." she said with a
slight smile.
Ben smiled and gave her a brief hug. "Since when do I do anything half assed!"
he growled gently.
I was a little relieved that Amy could smile, I wished I could.
Ben undid her bonds and let Amy kneel on the sand for a moment as she worked out
the stiffness in her arms. I could tell she wanted to talk, but she kept her
peace as ordered. There would be plenty of time for talking later.
I went and stood next to her and she looked over at me, naked except for my
watch and the cane in my hand.
"Position." I said, as Ben had instructed me.
Amy quickly bent low, as she had on a beach on another island miles from here.
Her head and shoulders to the ground while she grabbed her ankles with her
hands.  She turned her head to look away from me which I was glad for.
"Wait." Ben said.  He prodded Amy until she moved slightly, her ass pointed at
my wife who was still staked out spread eagle on the sand.  Laura of course was
watching all this with wide eyes.
"Okay." Ben said.
I took my position.
"You sure?" I asked Ben.
"Aren't you?" he asked me, raising an eyebrow.
After a moment I nodded, and he inclined his head toward Amy.
"Amy." I said. "For disobeying a direct order to stop complaining when told to,
One strike."
I didn't hesitate. I simply raised the cane and brought it down, muscle memory
taking over.
The cane hit just where I had aimed it, between her two previous strokes in an
almost perfect even line.
Amy yelped but otherwise made no sound.
I had brought the cane back right away, and got my first real look at the mark
one of these things would leave behind.
An angry red line with very white flesh surrounding it crossed her buttocks from
cheek to cheek. As I watched the red began to change color, turning a little
multicolored. The edges of the line looked like they were beginning to swell and
raise up just slightly. I resisted the urge to reach out and touch them.
"Okay, Amy?" Ben asked. He was standing where he could see both my strike zone
and her face.  The back of Amy's head moved and I guessed that she nodded.
"Don?" he asked me.
"I'm fine."  I whispered.
Ben watched me for a moment. "That looked pretty good to me, Don, just like you
practiced it. But Amy here is going to be the final judge.  Amy, compared to
mine, how was that?"
"Sir," Amy said after a moment, "it...wasn't as hard as yours, but close."
"Hear that Don?" Ben said.
I nodded, hating the next bit.
Laura hadn't moved from her position, I knew that she would hold it until
ordered otherwise despite the pain she felt.
She had shifted her knees though, spreading her legs a little. Her sex was more
exposed than it had been earlier and I didn't know if she had shifted for sexual
reasons or just for better purchase.
Ben had told me long ago that Amy found the cane and the pain to be arousing
unless applied with enough force to override the pleasure centers of her brain.
I wondered if I had hit her hard enough.
Well I was about to find out.
"Amy. For not obeying my order to go use the latrine area until I ordered you a
second time. One strike." I said.
This made Laura gasp and Amy turn her head. She looked at me and then turned to
face Ben again.
Ben stood unmoving, purposely not giving her any encouragement or security.  We
had worked out earlier that this moment was between Amy and myself. Would she
trust me or break discipline to seek Ben's council.
She shifted on her knees, then became still. She had made her decision.
I swung again, a little off but not enough to count. I caught her on her lower
cheeks, below the previous marks left by Ben a few nights before.
My stroke was harder, faster, and Amy cried out louder.
The welt the strike had left behind developed like the one before it.
I could hear a slight sobbing and saw that it was Laura. She stopped when I
looked at her.
Ben walked over and began to undo Laura's bondage.  I stood and waited while he
did so.
When Laura was free she knelt as Amy had done and worked her muscles to reduce
any stiffness she felt. She didn't look at me, instead focusing on Amy who still
held her position.
I pointed with the cane to a spot next to Amy.  Laura looked up at me then.
I wonder what kind of a picture we made. Laura on her knees, naked, her eyes
wide and her posture submissive. While I was standing, also nude but with the
cane in my hand, my expression dark and my posture anything but submissive.
Our tableau lasted only a couple of seconds before Laura moved where I had
directed her.
"Position." I said.
Laura assumed the same bent over posture that Amy had, her face turned toward
me.
"Laura, for making me order you twice to use the latrine area with Amy, and
because Ben and I feel you need to taste the cane at least once before we decide
if it is for us, one strike."
"Sir." she said quietly. "can this humble girl make a request?"  Her language
told me that she had slipped into her deeper submissive mode, a place she only
really went during our 'Total Slave' days when she had really been worked hard. 
It was a sort of subspace for her but one she could still function in.  Normally
she didn't use third person to refer to herself, feeling it a little demeaning.
It only came out in this state.
"Go ahead." I said.
"Sir, please bind and gag this slave so that she will not embarrass you."
"Very well." I said after a moment.  I tend to make my speech a little more
formal during these times as well. It's like we become two different people I
guess.
Ben turned to fetch some rope and I stood back a little.
Laura and I didn't break eye contact while Ben bound her forearms to her knees
and put her gag back in.
I had to motion for her to turn her head before she would stop looking at me.
I remembered how hard I had hit Amy the second time and this was the strength I
used on Laura.
She yelled into her gag and pulled at her ropes for a moment before becoming
still and silent.
A welt just like the ones on Amy began slowly to appear. I did see something new
this time. Unlike Amy, Laura's butt has a little more padding and as I struck a
noticed a slight ripple flow away across her flesh. It just seemed unusual
enough to mention.
As the two women knelt together I walked over to Ben and handed him the cane. 
"Thank you." I said to him.
We left the women alone for about fifteen minutes before going to them again. 
Ben led Amy over to the pool while I undid the ropes that bound Laura and took
off her gag.
I helped her to her feet and we joined our friends in the water.
"What ever you do, don't touch your ass."  I told Laura as she reached behind
herself.
She stopped and held on to me instead.
Once we were chest deep in the water she hugged me and began to cry a little and
I gave her what comfort I could. She soon calmed down and began to smile which
made me feel a lot better.
"It really hurts you know?" she said to me.
"I know." I replied.
"I do NOT want you to ever use that thing on me again." she said.
"I hope I never have to, babe!"  I said, hugging her close.
She was silent for a moment.  "You're going to get a cane, aren't you." It was a
statement of fact, not a question.
"Yes." I replied.
We held on to each other, naked in a jungle pool on an uninhabited island in the
middle of the Atlantic someplace.
Alone together, yet more in touch with each other than ever before.



End of part 10.




On the Water  Part 11



Laura and I were alone.  We had gone for a walk, needing a little time to
ourselves.
We were both naked, and had only brought along a blanket and a small bag of
essentials.
After walking silently for a while we had come across a small outcropping of
rock jutting out from the mountain side. The view of the surrounding ocean was
fantastic so we decided to stop and rest.  I lay the blanket down and we lay on
it together.
Laura lay on her front, her arms folded under her head, her eyes closed as her
body absorbed the warmth of the sun, her golden hair falling into a gentle pile
beside her.
I lay next to her and carefully rubbed a vitamin cream onto her butt.  Ben had
assured me that this cream would help promote the healing process, it was what
he used on Amy after caning her.
Laura winced whenever I touched the brand new welt I had given her, but
otherwise didn't complain.  When I was done I lay on my front as well and we
watched the water far below us.
"Beautiful, isn't it!" I said.
"Yes." Laura answered.
"It feels good, being here with you."  I turned my head toward my wife, but she
just stared out at the water. "If someone had told me a year ago that we would
be lying nude next to each other on a tropical island, I would have thought them
crazy."
"There have been a lot of crazy things so far on this trip!" Laura whispered.
"Are you okay?" I asked.
"Yeah...just feeling the effects of the day I guess.  You guys have put us
though a lot today. You don't have any idea what it takes out of us." She looked
at me. "Both emotionally and physically."
"Do you want to stop?"
"I just want...time to catch my breath that's all."
"Sure."
We watched the sea birds do their thing for a while.
"Donald, can we talk now, seriously?"
"Alright." I said, concerned about what was on her mind.
"I want to talk about you and Amy."
"Okay." I said with reservations.
"You DO want her don't you."
"And if I do?"
"Please Donald, don't play those verbal games with me. I need you to be honest!"
"Very well, I do want to spend some very intimate time with her, but not without
Ben's permission, her permission, and most importantly YOUR permission."
Laura watched my face, searching for something. Then her eyes glanced down my
body.  "You don't have any sunblock on do you.  You'll burn under this sun!" 
She got up and got a tube of sun screen out of the small bag we had brought. She
straddled my thighs and began rubbing the cream into me.
I knew she was using this as a distraction while she thought about what I said.
She knew perfectly well that I rarely needed sunblock having been blessed with a
skin that always tanned well.   Her position behind me also prevented me from
seeing her face.
So I just lay there and enjoyed the feelings of her hands on my skin, her bare
thighs at my sides, and the occasional brushing of her sex against my butt. And
as I lay I waited.
"Does Ben know?" she eventually asked.
"About me and Amy?  Yes, he does."
"And?"
"We have an agreement.  We're not going to take that step yet."
"Oh."
"But, he did express similar thoughts about you!"
"He did?"  Laura paused, then resumed her rub down. She was working a little
harder and longer than was needed simply to apply sun screen.  "What did he
say?"
"Now that would be telling." I said with a smile.
"Asshole." she said, giving my ass a spank.
"Hey!"  I said.
"Sorry, but you can be a real pig sometimes. I'm trying to have a serious
conversation here."
"Well, there are some things we aren't going to talk about, Laura, such as what
Ben and I talk about in private.  There are some things that I don't think you
need to know yet."
"This is no way to run a marriage Donald, aren't we supposed to share with each
other?"
"In a normal marriage yes, but you knew before we got married that the rules
were going to be different.  Wasn't that the whole idea?"
"I don't know...not knowing has me frightened."
I turned over, lying on my back to face her. She remained straddled across my
thighs, her legs wide and open, her head bowed.  She looked quite beautiful but
my mind was more on our conversation.
"What frightens you?" I asked gently.
"Lots of things." she said after a pause.
"Such as?"
"What you said about Ben, what you said about Amy, what you said about getting a
cane, and what THAT will mean to our relationship.  When you...when we take that
step...it wont be a game anymore, will it!"
"Nothing will stop us from having fun, Babe." I said slowly.
"Sure. But behind it all will be that little brown stick sitting in a corner
somewhere, just waiting.  I know that I'll not be able to forget that it's
there."
I chose my next words with care, for I could feel her trembling despite the
warmth of the sun. She was truly affected by this.  "Tell me now, Laura. Do you
really, deep down, want me to forget about bringing a cane into our lives, and
all the additional discipline that comes with it?"
Laura looked up at me, her blue eyes moist, her expression worried. She stared
at me for a moment before answering.
"No, I want you to get that cane, I want you to keep it sitting in a corner, I
want you to keep it handy for use, I want all the rules and the discipline and
everything else that comes with having a cane in the house.  I want it all!
But...what I'm afraid off, is that when it comes down to you using it on me,
seriously using it on me, I'm scared that I'm going to like it!"
Ben had warned me about this, so had Amy. Amy especially since she and Laura
were much alike in many ways. Both had a masochistic streak a mile wide.
Ben had managed to find the far side of Amy's, but it looked like I had yet to
do the same for Laura. It was something I needed to do.
"How do you feel now, about your being caned this afternoon?" I asked.
"Now?  Sore, I cant move without it hurting."
"No...how do you FEEL?"
Laura stared at me, her mouth open as if to speak. I could almost see the
thoughts behind those intelligent eyes of hers.  There were times when she
really acted like the dumb blonde people took her for, but most of the time I
felt she was out thinking all of us.
She closed her mouth, then her eyes.  "Touch me." she said.
"What?"
"Touch me, please."
Slowly I raised a hand and reached out to her. I touched her stomach and let my
hand drift downward. My fingers slipped through her pubic hair, hair she kept
trimmed but which I vowed to have her remove sometime, and caressed her slit.
It was warm, and moist. Her clitoris was raised slightly, it's hood drawn back a
little to give it some exposure. I easily slipped a finger into her, drawing a
quiet moan from her.
I pulled out, it was all the answer I needed.
"It wasn't enough was it."  I said flatly.
Laura opened her eyes, her focus on the ocean.  "No. But you only hit me once."
she whispered.
"Well," I said grimly, "I wont make that mistake again!"
Laura shuddered, then to my surprise she leaned forward and kissed me.  "Thank
you." she said.
We didn't say much after that until the walk back to the camp site. We walked
hand in hand, Laura carrying the bag while I carried the blanket.
"About you and Amy?" Laura said suddenly.
"What?"
"I take it that this afternoon everything that happened to me while I was
blindfolded was you?"
"Maybe."
Laura shot me a dark look for a second.  "I could still use my safe word you
know, and spoil your games."
"You could, but I don't think you will. You want to see where this goes as much
as I do.  Now YOU be honest with me! When Ben was giving you that rub down,
didn't you WANT him to take it further?"  I asked her.
"I...I would have had sex with anyone at that point I was so worked up."
"Bullshit Laura. Don't lie to me."  I stopped walking which forced Laura to stop
and turn to me.  "Lying isn't an option for you any longer."
"Alright. Yes, I...would not have minded if Ben had decided to have sex with me
right then.  But that was then, when I was so juiced up I couldn't think
straight!"
"And now?"
"Well since we're doing the strictly honest routine now, I'll tell you that I
don't know!"
"Calm down Laura." I said, she was getting agitated and little belligerent.
"Well you asked!"
"That I did."
"My turn now.  Did it feel good running your hands all over that woman?" she was
beginning to sound angry.
"Jealous are we?" I said calmly.
"Answer me dammit!  Why cant you just answer a simple question with a simple
answer!"
"Maybe it's because of the way you're asking!" I said, feeling my own temper
rise.
"Oh I AM sorry!  Your little slave girl is SO sorry for acting like a regular
human being. Could this slave girl's kind and loving Master PLEASE tell this
pitiful wretch how it felt to have his hands all over her best friend while SHE
WATCHED...!"
Laura had taken my arm and adopted a sing song sarcastic quality to her voice,
mocking the hell out of me.
I have this flash fast temper, something I can usually control. But at this
moment, with this subject, and with this kind of prodding, it came upon me
faster than I could handle.  I slapped her across the face, stopping her verbal
tirade dead.
She looked at me with wide eyes and a wider mouth, then she let go of me and
walked away.  She walked toward a fallen log and sat on it, jumping up with a
curse and dropping to her knees. She didn't look at me.
"I'm sorry." I said, very much regretting my physical outburst.
"That's okay, Sir!  You have a perfect right to hit me if you want, after all
I'm only your property, not a human being anymore!"
"What has got INTO you, so sudden?" I asked, getting frustrated and not a little
scared.
"Nothing that you would be interested in." she replied.
"Well that's enough!  You want to play the slave girl routine with me, that's
fine!  Come here!"
"Make me."
"COME HERE!" I yelled.
She turned. One look at my face and I know she saw I wasn't kidding anymore.  I
was angry and to me this was a game no longer.
"NOW!" I yelled.
With a scared look on her face she stood up.
"CRAWL!"
She dropped back to her knees and crawled across the damp jungle floor toward
me, stopping at my feet. She resumed her kneeling position, the position I
demand of her while in total slave mode. Hands behind her head, her elbows back,
her back straight and her knees spread, her eyes looking straight down.
"WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON WITH YOU, WOMAN?" I yelled.
Laura jumped.  She mumbled something I couldn't catch.
"Speak up!" I said a little quieter. I figured I had her attention now.
"You're right, I am jealous." she said in a small voice.
I leaned close. "You don't have to be jealous, Babe.  If it affects you this
much I'll just back off.  The four of us can still have a great time together
without us all sleeping with each other. It's okay!"
"No...you're wrong." she said. I could tell she wanted to look me in the face,
but I had scared her into reverting to the training we had so lovingly developed
over the past year.
"I'm not wrong, we'll be fine!"
"I wasn't talking about that. I was talking about you and Amy."
"What?" I asked, suddenly very puzzled.
"I wasn't talking about my being jealous of Amy being with you, but of you being
with her!"
"What?" I asked again, totally stunned.
"When...when you had your hands on her earlier, I wasn't angry at you. She's
beautiful and you're just a guy. Besides, I really do trust you. I know you wont
do anything. If you HAD done anything it would have been like raping her cos I
know she isn't ready for that, and I think you know that too.
What I was angry at was the fact that I wasn't the one touching her, that you
were keeping me from her. I was jealous of you being able to touch her while I
couldn't!"
"Are you in love with her?"  I asked her after a moment.
"No...maybe...more in lust than in love I think. But we connect, you know?"
"Like last night?  On the boat?"
Laura blushed.  "Yeah, like on the boat."
"Will you tell me what went on between you two?"
"Will you make me, Sir?"  This time it wasn't a challenge. It was a plea for
privacy.  Ben and I had never interfered with the private chats and letters
between the two women, although there were a couple of times we wished we had. 
We had always respected their privacy. We figured that the ability to talk
together about their submissive roles helped them both to cope with our unusual
lifestyles.
"No. I wont make you. But I do want to understand." I said.
"So do I, Sir."
I sighed and looked around. The sun was getting low in the sky.
"Your behavior just now was abominable." I told her.
"Yes Sir."
"But then so was mine, and I cant punish yours without punishing mine."
"I drove you to it Sir. You...hit me because I deliberately made you mad."
I was still angry to be honest, I don't calm quickly.
"Very well. Up on your knees!"  She had been sitting back on her ankles. At my
command she raised herself to an upright kneeling position.
"Now don't move.  I'll be back for you eventually, and I might watch you for a
bit before revealing myself, so you had better be in this position when I get
back!"
"You're leaving me, Don!"
"Yes, so shut up and wait for me."  I picked up the bag and blanket which we had
dropped and continued to walk down the trail we had been following. I looked
behind me to see her still kneeling in position and I knew that she had to be
fighting with herself over whether or not to watch me leave.
I did not want to cane her over her behavior, there were too many emotional
variables involved, for both of us. But I had nothing against giving her a good
scare for talking to me the way she had.  I figured alone and naked in the
jungle would scare her enough.  I only wished I had some rope with me so I could
have tethered her to a tree or something.
Still, this would give me a chance to see just how much she took my commands to
heart.  Was my will as binding to her as the chain and ropes we normally used?
I continued on, walking for perhaps another twenty minutes or more before coming
to the camp site.
Ben was crouched next to a camp fire he had built. He had on shorts and a shirt
and it was only then that I noticed that as the sun was going down it was
getting chilly out.
Amy I saw was otherwise engaged.  Ben had put her in a hog tie and she looked
like she was having fun trying to get out.  I could see her wriggling on the
sand about twenty feet away from the fire.
Without a word I dropped the stuff I carried and headed to our tent. I pulled
out some clothes and got dressed.
"Where's Laura?"  Ben asked me.
I pointed in her general direction.
"What happened?"
Yeah, what DID happen?
"Ben, I'd rather not talk about right now." I said.
"Okay, but you're not leaving her out there all night are you?"
"No." I said, digging in the bag of bondage toys.  I found what I was looking
for, a leash and a gag, and pulled them out.  "I'm going to go get her now!"
"Okay." said Ben cautiously. "But you seem a little angry to me right now Don,
are you sure you should be seeing her like this?"
I stopped.  Yes I was angry, a low level anger I couldn't get rid of.  Anger
that had no focus, it just was.  I needed time to cool down properly.
"I'll send Amy to get her." Ben said, standing up.
I nodded.
Ben went over to Amy who had stopped wriggling when she heard us talking.  She
waited patiently while Ben undid the ropes that bound her and the chain that
kept her in the camp site, before crawling on all fours to the fire.
"Amy. I want you to go get Laura, she should be somewhere on the east trail?"
Ben looked at me. I nodded.  "You can walk until you get her back." he
continued.
"Yes Sir." Amy said, standing up.
I held out the leash and gag. "Amy. You gag her the moment you find her, and put
the leash on her. You don't talk to her, she doesn't talk to you. She crawls
back on her hands and knees, and you WILL report any reluctance on her part to
obey those instructions.  Am I clear?"
It was obvious from her expression that Amy had caught on to my anger as well. 
"Yes Sir."  She took the offered items and hurried off out of the clearing.
"Don?" Ben said, watching me.
"Not now, Ben. Please."  I wanted to think.
Ben pulled a beer from the cooler and tossed it to me.
"Remember, Don, the person before the process."
Yeah, I thought, but it was so much simpler the other way round.




An hour later Amy appeared in the clearing with Laura in tow.  Laura was on her
hands and knees and Amy dropped down to join her.  The couple crawled over to
where we were cooking steaks over the fire, neither of them looking happy.  When
they stopped and assumed their kneeling position, I saw a small cut on Laura's
thigh.
"How did that happen?" I asked, pointing at the cut.
"A stick, Sir." Amy said.
"We should dress that up." Ben said, heading for his tent where our first aid
kit was packed.
I watched Laura. She looked down, her long blond hair stuck to her back or lying
on the ground, dirty.  Her knees and lower legs were a mess as were her hands. 
She looked tired and miserable.
Ben came back with the first aid kit. "Amy, why don't you take care of her."  he
said, with a glance in my direction.
"Wait." I said.  "I think she could use a bath too, especially her hair.  You
can take her gag out and pamper her for a while, talk among yourselves quietly
if you like."
"Yes Sir."  Amy said, looking a little puzzled.
"Laura?" I said.  My wife glanced up at me to see me smiling softly.  "It's okay
Laura. Total Slave day is over, for both of you. Let's enjoy the evening,
like...human beings."
Laura's sad expression brightened a little behind her gag, and I watched as Amy
led her away to the far side of the pool.
"You ready to talk now?" Ben asked.
"Women!" I said with a smile, not wanting to return to the subject.
Ben nodded.  "Yes, I understand."





End of Part 11.




On the Water  Part 12



That evening, as we ate our grilled steaks, we were normal people again, well as
normal as we could be with our ladies naked while Ben and I were dressed.
The women weren't cold though, even though the night air did cool down a lot
more than I thought it could.  Amy and Laura got to snuggle with us under
blankets, and if you didn't know it already you really couldn't tell they were
nude.
They were also bound too, not because they were our slave girls, but simply
because they wanted to be.
Both were in loose hog-ties, and I watched them exchange secret glances as Ben
and I fed them by hand and generally pampered them.
Laura and I lay together, our backs against a log Ben and I had pulled up to the
fire. We were fine now, all bad feelings from our fight gone, or at least
forgiven.  Snuggled together it all seemed so long ago.
I loved her, she loved me, and that in the end was what mattered.
Isn't that the way it's supposed to go?
So with our best friends we sat and told ghost stories into the night while I
slowly caressed my wife under the blanket, feeling her pull every once and
awhile at her bonds and shift around because of the welt on her ass.
Another perfect moment.
Ben and Amy excused themselves first, Ben untying Amy and leading her off to
their tent.
Once they were gone I got up and took off my clothes before picking Laura up and
carrying her into the pool.
With her still in her hogtie we made quiet love in the water, her buoyancy
making it simple despite her bondage.
We spoke little except to talk of our love, and soon after I carried her to our
tent where we fell asleep with her still bound.




The next morning Amy appeared at the tent opening and I watched with one eye as
she crawled in to untie my wife.
"Time for morning duties." Amy said when she woke Laura up.
"What?  But we aren't on the boat!"  Laura said sleepily.
"Ben says it doesn't matter. We still have to cook breakfast and then go down to
the boat to clean."
"Oh God!"
Amy giggled and helped Laura out of the tent, her arms and legs certainly stiff
after so much time bound the way they were.
I closed my eyes and thought pleasant thoughts about both women until my bladder
forced me to exit the tent myself.
When I came out I found Ben alone, sitting near the fire.
"The ladies gone?" I asked, and he nodded. He was eating some fruit.
I did my business and then jumped into the pool for a swim, after which I got my
toiletries and completed that routine too.
Ben waited until I had dressed and joined him before talking to me.
"So, want to talk about it now?" he asked.
"Oh...Laura just had some feelings to express that's all."
"And you?"
"Me?  Well the way she chose to express them was not the best. But we're fine
now."
Ben gave me a studied look.  "Was it about what we did to them yesterday?"
"Yeah, but it isn't what you think or what I thought either.
Let's just say it concerns Laura and Amy more than Laura and us."
Ben shrugged.  "I guess I'll have to accept that.  Grab something to eat and
we'll head down to the boat. I want to check the weather."
I picked at the food the women had prepared, not really hungry, and looked at
the sky.  It was overcast, a bank of cloud having moved in over night.
It was warm enough, but not as hot as the day before. I wondered how the women
felt being nude on the boat.
I went to the edge of the clearing and looked down to where the 'Kajira' lay at
anchor. I could see two brown figures on their hands and knees, Laura very
identifiable because of her hair.  God, I love her.
"You ready?" Ben said, grinning at the view with me.
I nodded and we left.




The women had taken the row boat across, but that was okay, the 'Kajira' wasn't
far out and we were easily able to swim.
We surprised the women just as they were getting done, Amy having put the
hobbles and chain on both of them when they came on board, and I watched them
finish while Ben went below to check the radios.
Laura's butt had a dark line across it, blue black in color. It didn't look
attractive to me and I imagined that it was as sore as hell. Amy had two
matching stripes that differed only in coloring from the welts laid on her a few
days ago.
I felt sorry for Amy having to undergo two canings within a few days of each
other. But it had been my wife's first time and it was her I was concerned with.
But as I watched her I realized something, I could do it again.  Caning no
longer held the horror it once had.
It would have to be for the right reasons though.
I think Laura's confession to me yesterday helped me come to that realization.
She was ready, and now so was I.
The women finished their cleaning and waited in position on the foredeck. I
waited for Ben who eventually came back out.
"We'll be fine.  The clouds will clear off later." he told me.  Then he
proceeded to inspect his boat, giving it the white glove treatment.
"There's water in the port locker. I want it drained and wiped dry!  Go!" he
called out.
With smiles on their faces the women jumped to his command.



This day was a lot more relaxing, nothing really planned except for the women's
regular cleaning duties.
Laura and I explored the island some more, I led her around on a leash, her
hands bound behind her.
We swam, sun bathed and generally relaxed. Enjoying our time.
It was when we were laying on a large rock slightly off shore, the spray of the
waves crashing against it keeping us cool in the hot sun, that Laura began to
talk.
She kept her voice low, just barely audible over the sound of the ocean, and not
once did she look at me or even move.
As she talked I listened silently, not wanting to disturb her train of thought
or do anything to stop this unannounced recitation.



I guess this thing between Amy and me had been a long time coming (She said). 
For months now we have been exchanging fantasies about each other.  Often when
you and I played, Don, I would close my eyes and imagine it was Amy welding the
whip or pulling tightly on my ropes.
It had all been just harmless fun.
Then you guys came to us with this plan to get together, and suddenly things
were different.  How could we continue to play knowing that we might get a
chance to do it for real?
There was even a possibility that we might get forced into an intimate position,
and, knowing you guys, we were right about that weren't we?
Amy and I avoided the subject for a while, but as the trip grew closer the fact
that there was a chance for us to become intimately involved grew more and more
real.
You know how we feel about each other!  Amy and I have been able to share things
with each other that we could never have shared with you guys, some of it you
would never have understood, not being submissives.
We are both so grateful that you let us have our privacy. Without it I don't
think Amy and I would have become the friends we are!
So, we talked, made no firm decisions, and then we met.
We both knew right away that given the chance we would try to see...to find out,
if Amy and I could take our relationship to a physical level as well as a mental
one.
That time you tied us together we discovered that the close contact you forced
on us didn't frighten or disgust us in the least. So we waited, and hoped, and
then came your contest.
I may get into trouble for telling you this, but it never really mattered to us
who won. We just said what we said to make it more interesting for you. We
thought you guys would be more likely to go for our idea if you thought one of
us would become submissive to the other.
It did surprise and frighten us when Ben threatened us with the cane, and Amy
didn't like the way that turned out, but when you left us alone in the cabin, it
really didn't matter.
(She paused for a time)
To tell you what we did in that cabin...that's hard.
I know we've both given voice to and explored each others deepest fantasies. But
this, being real, is so very different.
How can I tell you what Amy and I did alone together without it sounding crude
or one dimensional.  Our physical acts were only the surface, we shared more
than that.
I could tell you how at first I DID take control, tying Amy down to the bed,
open for anything I cared to try. I could tell you how I used the small
cat-o-nine tails I found in there, to shock and stimulate Amy, to bring her to
arousal.
I could even tell you how I used my own tongue, yes the tongue I have kissed you
with, pushed into your mouth many times since then. Does it excite you to know
that my tongue has also been inside that woman, that I used it to tease and
torment her and at last bring her to orgasm?
Does it?
What if I told you that my tongue was not the only part of me to have had
intimate contact with both her and you lately. What if I told you that her
tongue has been where only you have been before, that your penis has since
grazed and stimulated the same flesh where Amy has been.  My nipples, when you
suck on them, did you know that Amy's lips have been there too, that as I lay
bound beneath her she used her own body to pleasure mine after first using that
same whip on me?
Every time you caress me you will have caressed flesh that she has done, and as
my hands caress you think how they have traveled over her skin.
But then your hands have done that to, haven't they.
I watched as you caressed her, those fingers of yours exploring every intimate
place on her body. It drove me mad because I could still feel her under my own
hands, still taste her on my tongue, yet at the same time I was denied her.
And when Ben came to me, those hands of his so filled with knowledge of the
helpless woman lying next to me, that huge dick hovering near my face that had
caressed Amy's inner core a thousand times, I wanted to scream.
Yes I would have let Ben fuck me. I was ready then to experience what Amy had
experienced, and I realize now that I shouldn't be jealous of you being with
her, I shouldn't feel selfish about her at all. I want her to share my joys, my
pleasures and you my darling are my greatest pleasure, my fondest joy.




Laura rolled over on the bare rock, her golden back towards me. She stayed that
way for a moment, and I remained silent, thinking about the things she had said,
and wondering what she was going to say next.
"Don.  I guess what I'm trying to say is, that if you and Amy both want to
explore your own...both want to fuck.  Then you don't have to worry about me." 
She rolled to face me, her expression about as serious as I had ever seen it. 
"But promise me Don, promise me.  Don't leave me out.  I don't mean that I want
to be there in the room with you, at least not at first," she said with a slight
grin, "but share with me your feelings and thoughts, let us both enjoy our
affections for Amy together.  Will you promise me?"
"What about Ben?" I asked her quietly.  "You tell me that you don't mind if Amy
and I ever get together, but what if I ask...no, tell you to become fully
intimate with Ben?  Would you?"
"In a heart beat." Laura said with a smile. "Getting to know Amy means getting
to know all that she loves and that includes Big Ben whom you know I care for
deeply too."  She chuckled. "It also helps that the man is a hunk and hung to
boot!"
Her smile was infectious and I had to laugh at her comment. "Oh, you think he's
hung huh?"
"Darling Don the man is a horse!" giggled my wife.
"But not bigger than me!" I said with mock indignation.
"Sweety you don't hold a candle to him, and if you did yours would be one of
those little birthday candles!"
"Grrrrr...them's fighting words missy!"
"Oh no! What have I done?" Laura opened her eyes wide and put her hand in front
of her mouth, the picture of innocence. I could see that she was stifling her
laughter.
Well, so was I!
"You have cut me to the quick with your remarks!" I said with a growl.
Laura looked down at me.  "Well I see that I might have been a little mistaken
about your endowment...yes...the longer I look the more mistaken I get!"
"Perhaps you should take a personal measurement to be sure!" I told her.
"Hmmm...yes...although it's hard to measure such a moving object. Still, you do
have a way to go before that hunky man across the island could feel insecure."
I leaned over and pushed my wife onto her back.  "Didn't anyone ever tell you
that it isn't the size of the wand but the magic in it!"
"Then husband of mine please cast your spell over me one more time!" she
replied, and I bent low to comply.




We were walking along the beach on the way back to the camp site, Laura back on
her leash with her hands bound behind her, when the question occurred to me.
Our love making on the rock had been special, and we both still glowed from the
intensity of it. Naturally my thoughts drifted toward what sparked that love
making.
"There's one thing I'm still not clear about." I said.
"What is that, Sir?" asked Laura, who for some reason had drifted into one of
her more submissive states since we made love.  She kept her eyes lowered, a
soft smile on her face.
"When Ben and I found you later that night, you and Amy were locked up together
with a fair amount of bondage. Can you tell me at least how that came about?"
Laura giggled. "Well, I guess I could.  Amy started it by hand cuffing one of my
arms to one of her ankles, so I grabbed a pair of hand cuffs and did the same to
her.  It became a game where we would see who could reach the box of cuffs and
chains and lock them on the other one first.
Soon the both of us were having a hard time moving at all and we just lay
against each other laughing.  Amy laughed harder than I did though and I had to
ask her what as so funny.
That's when she told me that we couldn't get out of the locks and cuffs since we
didn't have any keys!"
I chuckled.  "I see."
"I got the last laugh though."  Laura said proudly.
"Why?"
"Well we ended up with her arms pointed and held in two widely different
directions.  My left hand was down by one of her ankles, but my right hand was
trapped right by her...groin.  I was able to use my fingers on her and she
couldn't do anything about it.  We...er...stopped when you knocked on the door
and I cant believe we both had the same idea to pretend to be asleep.   When Ben
came back in for his stuff he almost surprised us and if he had looked closely
he would have seen that my fingers were almost entirely inside Amy. God I don't
know how she held still!
But when we were alone again I made her cum a couple more times before we fell
asleep."
"Hmmm...I don't know if I should let you go unpunished for fooling us like
that." I said, pretending to be serious.
Laura's smiling expression fell.
I changed direction and headed for a tree stump. Siting down I pulled at Laura's
leash until she knelt beside me.
"Please Sir!" she whispered.
I dragged her over my lap, her ass now high and unprotected. The dark line of
her caning looked raised and still quite painful. To be spanked right now would
be torture.
"You know I had to sleep alone that night and I hate to sleep alone." I said to
her.
"Yes, Sir." Laura whispered.
"And to torture your friend like that without giving her the opportunity to get
back at you...well that isn't fair either is it?"
"No, Sir."
"So...I guess I'll have to do it for her!"  I plunged my fingers into Laura's
well used pussy, still very wet and aroused despite, or maybe because of all our
love making today.
She moaned as my fingers made contact, and wriggled on my hips.
With a well practiced motion I kneaded her labia and pinched at her clitoris
until Laura stiffened and rocked hard against my lap.  I kept up my stimulation
until she orgasmed again, only removing my hand when I felt she was truly done.
She slid off my lap back onto her knees, and I let her tongue clean my hand of
her juices.
"Let that be a lesson to you!" I told her with a scowl that was only betrayed by
the smile in my eyes.
Laura looked up at me and I could see the smile in her eyes as she struggled to
maintain the tone I had set.
"Your slave will remember this lesson well, Master!" she said.
I had no doubts that she would!



End of Part 12




On the Water  Part 13



At sea again the next morning, the 'Kajira' plowed through three foot swells on
our way to our next stop.
We had left at first light, dismantling the camp the night before and moving
everything back to the boat.  This time the women helped carry things as we
loaded them up like pack horses.  With their hands bound and their heads bridled
it was hard to think of any other practical use for them.
I have to say that my nude wife loaded down with camping gear beats the sight of
a mule doing the same job hands down!
The night passed with some interesting party games and a lot of sleep and then
we were on our way.
It was going to be an all day sail for we were heading to the island where
Desmond Kopachi had a villa, the site of the party the corpulent Leo had told us
about.
The party will already have started by the time we got there but Ben was
confident that we wouldn't miss much of it.  He had spent part of the night
after we had put the women to bed early working on his charts and he assured me
that barring accidents and bad weather we would make it before sun down.
So here we were, at full sail, heading to a place where Laura and I would find
more people involved in the BDSM lifestyle than we ever thought we would ever
meet.
It was frightening and at the same time liberating.  Laura and I would be able
to walk around these people without having to hide our kink from them, something
we couldn't do at home.  Our only inhibitions would be our personal comforts.
To be honest I wasn't too worried about that, but I was curious as to what the
ladies had bought to wear to this party. I guess I would be finding out soon
enough.
Right now I sat at the helm next to Ben who was concentrating on the wind and
our course. Up ahead Amy and Laura struggled to finish their above deck duties
before heading below to tackle the below deck ones.
Ben had ordered all chores to be completed before they could get ready for the
party and the women had opted to complete everything in one go.
Fine by me!
Lunch, when it came, was sandwiches and milk which the girls brought up to us. 
Ben and I were switching turns at the wheel so we ate up there.   Amy and Laura
ate with us, kneeling on the deck and letting us feed them by hand.
"Everything done?" Ben asked them when we were all finished.
"Yes, Sir.  All the cleaning is done!" Amy replied.
Ben nodded and left me at the helm as he did his inspection.
He came up from below with a short list of things he had found wrong and the
women jumped to action in their short hobbles to fix them before returning.
"Okay, nap time!" he said when they were once more kneeling in front of us.
"But you said we could start getting ready for the party!"  Laura whined.
"That I did, and a nap is a part of getting ready. Believe me, you'll appreciate
the chance to rest."
"Okay."  Laura said glumly.
"Yes Sir." Amy added.
"Laura!" I said from my place at the wheel. She looked over at me and smiled. 
"Laura, I expect you to treat Ben with a little more respect than that. At least
call him Sir once and a while."
Laura's smile faded a little and she turned to Ben.  "I'm sorry, Sir, I didn't
mean to offend you."
Ben looked back at me and winked before turning back to Laura.  "Well I cant say
I'm not disappointed in you, Laura.  I expected more from you, especially after
tasting the cane."
"I'm sorry Sir." she said, casting her eyes down. I watched her shift from a
normal kneeling position toward her Total Slave position. I wondered if she was
aware she was doing it?  I glanced at Amy who watched the drama with bright eyes
and a small smile.
"Sorry isn't going to cut it any more, Laura." Ben went on. "Now that you and
Don have agreed to bring the cane into your lives you are going to have to watch
that casual attitude of yours. Leo is right you know, as beautiful as you are,
your discipline still needs work!"
"Yes Sir." Laura replied, all trace of her smile now gone.  Her knees had slid
apart some more and while she hadn't placed her hands behind her neck she had
moved them to the outside of her thighs.  I could also see that her nipples had
become erect...the little slave girl was enjoying this!
Ben walked the bouncing deck over to the built in seat on the far side of the
transom and sat down.  "Come here, Laura!" he ordered.
Laura crawled over to him on her hands and knees, her feet still locked together
in the one foot hobble, her lovely breasts hanging down the way I love them to. 
She resumed her kneeling position at his feet, this time bringing her hands up
behind her head.
"On my lap, face down." ordered our Captain.
This must have surprised Laura for she glanced up at him for a second.  His
request could only mean one thing to her, that he was going to spank her.  I
knew for a fact that her bottom was still quite tender from her caning, it was
something she was aware of each time she moved.
To Laura's credit though she didn't look over at me or hesitate, she knew that
both those moves might cost her extra. Instead she stood up and lay down over
Ben's lap, her hands still tight to the back of her neck.
Ben and I had both dressed in shorts and shirts today, and with Laura draped
over him you couldn't see Ben's shorts at all.
"Five spanks should do it I think, considering the welt I see upon your ass."
Ben said, a serious look on his face.
"Yes Sir." Laura said. I could barely hear her in that position over the wind
and the sound of the boat cutting through the water.
"Count them." Ben said.
"Yes Sir." replied my wife and I saw her take a deep breath.
Ben sat and waited patiently for her to let her breath out before striking her
buttocks with his hand.  It wasn't a hard strike, not much more than just
letting his hand drop. But Laura jerked and yelped as the tender welt across her
rear cheeks caught the full force of the impact.
She bit her lip and sniffed.
"Guess that one doesn't count." Ben said after giving her a moment.
"No!  I mean yes!  I mean...One, Sir!" Laura said in a panic.
"You have to learn how to follow directions.  We'll start again." Ben told her. 
He raised his hand and struck her again, a little harder.
Laura yelped again.  "One, Sir!"
Ben continued, at a slow and steady pace, and each time Laura screamed a little
louder.
"Two, Sir...Three, Sir...Ow! Four, Sir!....Five...Sir!"
He let her catch her breath after the last one and then told her to get off,
which she did sliding back down to her knees.  I noticed that she didn't sit all
the way back on her ass this time.
"Now.  What time is it?" Ben asked her.
"Nap time, Sir."  Laura said.
"What time is it, Amy?" Ben called out.
"Nap time, Sir!" Amy replied.  She had knelt in place though the whole thing,
her hands on the tops of her thighs. She probably didn't know I could see this
from my vantage point at the helm, but I saw that while Laura was getting
spanked that she had let one of her thumbs slowly caress the inside of one of
her thighs.  It was obvious that she had been turned on by the display although
her smaller nipples gave less away.
"Go to our cabin, the both of you." Ben said.  "Amy, I want you both in sleeping
position D, I'll be down to check on you shortly."
"Yes Sir." Amy said and she got up to head below.
Laura got up too and I called her over before she reached the hatch.
"Yes Sir?" she asked me, waddling over in her hobble. I could see that she was
fighting the urge to rub her behind. I could also see that her nipples were
standing out quite well.  I waved her close and checked the weather between her
legs, apparently it was the wet season, just as I thought.
Laura blushed as I ran my finger through her light pubic hair.  I chuckled. 
"You little pain slut." I said quietly. "Go on!"
Laura smiled and followed Amy below.
"She'll get it." Ben said with a smile.
"Position D?" I laughed. Ben and his sleeping positions.
Over time Ben has developed a wide range of sleeping bondage positions for poor
Amy, enough to assign each of them a letter of the alphabet.  He made her learn
them all by heart and ever since Amy usually spends the night sleeping in one of
them.  He had sent me a copy of the entire list once and I saw that the
positions ran from simple bondage like her just having a set of cuffs on, to
extreme bondage like her being suspended from the ceiling in a hogtie upside
down.
Half the positions were ones Amy could get into herself, while the other half
definitely needed the help of a second pair of hands. Almost all were one way
bondages. That is once in, Amy would not be getting out without help.
Their position on the alphabet had no relation to how severe or benign each
position was, it was all totally random.
Quite often they would use chance to decide how Amy was to spend the night. They
would pick Scrabble letters out of a bag!
"Something simple." Ben said.  "It should let them sleep and also keep them from
each other."
"Laura told me a little of what happened the last time we let them sleep
together." I said to him.
Ben nodded.  "Yeah, Amy has mentioned a few things to me too."
"You okay with that?" I asked him.
"Yeah. I'm okay.  I'll take the wheel for a while, why don't you go make sure
they're secure and go take a cat nap yourself.  I think we'll be up late
tonight."
"Yes, Captain!" I said, throwing him a mock salute.
Ben chuckled. "I see Laura isn't the only one I'll have discipline problems
with!"
"Hey now!" I answered. "Don't think you're going to get ME across your knee!"
Ben laughed. "Naa, I'll have Amy do it!"
I laughed and went below.
I stopped at the door of the forward cabin and opened it suddenly, making the
women on the bed jump.
Both were lying on their backs, which must have been uncomfortable for their
recently striped buttocks. Their hobbles were still on and chained to rings at
the bottom of the bed, their wrist cuffs were chained over their heads to the
head of the bed, and they wore blindfolds.
"I'm just checking to make sure you're secure." I said, smiling at the two
beauties before me.
"Yes, Sir." they both said.
I walked around the bed to my wife and leaned over, giving her a nice long kiss
on the lips while I let my fingers roam over her helpless body for a moment. 
She squirmed under my touch in a most delightful manner.
"Thank you Sir." she said with a smile when I pulled away.
"My pleasure."  I answered.
I looked at Amy for a moment and then walked around to her side of the bed.
I leaned forward and kissed her too, letting my hands roam over her naked body
as well. She wriggled under my fingers and after a moments hesitation returned
my kiss.
I broke the kiss and stood up.
"Thank you, Sir." she said, copying my wife.
"Also, my pleasure."  I replied, watching my wife who still held her smile on
her face.
"Of course, your pleasure counts first!" Amy said with a small smile.
It was an odd statement, don't ask me why I thought so. Something about it
brought down my mood a little bit.
"Get some sleep you two, we'll let you up in a few hours.  No talking."  I
ordered as I headed out the door.
I went back to our cabin and set the alarm on my watch to wake me in a couple of
hours.
I fell asleep wondering what was coming up.




There was still a fair amount of light in the sky when, according to the chart,
we were on approach to the island we were shooting for.  I held the wind as long
as I dared then began dropping the sail.
Ben came out on deck at that moment and I had to admire his costume.  Ben had
gone below when I relieved him to take a quick nap of his own before freeing the
girls and getting ready for the party.  He had evidently decided to dress the
part, for nothing he wore could really have been worn in public at any place
else BUT a BDSM party.
He had on a leather half hood that covered his hair and face above his nose. His
shirt was fine silver chain mail with short sleeves that looked pretty good on
his muscled torso.
His pants were jet black and shiny and looked painted and were obviously latex,
but the most remarkable thing about them was the way they DIDN'T contain his
penis.  His "Meat and two veg" were themselves wrapped in shiny latex and
displayed outside his pants. I wondered how he had the nerve.
"Nice outfit!" I said with a smile.
Ben chuckled.  "Go take down the sail and stow it will you. It's murder doing
hard work in this thing!"
I laughed and got to work while Ben started the engine and took the helm.
As I was finishing a vision in black came up from below and stepped out on deck. 
If all I had to go with was her face I would not have been able to identify her.
But knowing other things I could easily see it was Amy.  She was dressed quite
literally from head to toe in shiny PVC, the very top of her head from just
above her forehead uncovered revealing her hair.
Her face was masked like Ben's, her eyes nose and mouth the only things visible. 
The outfit flowed down her neck and down her body to a pair of stiff looking
boots with very high heels which she seemed to walk on just fine despite the
rocking of the boat.  Her breasts were almost gone, but the tightness of the
entire outfit left no doubt that she was a woman and almost every muscle she had
was outlined, except for her waist.  There she had on a corset that looked like
it started at her chest and ended just about mid thigh. It had squeezed her
already thin frame into an incredible hour glass shape and I wondered how she
breathed.
For a second I thought something was missing and then realized it was her arms.
They were gone!
That is, they had been pressed against her sides by the outfit, bound and
blended in so well that it looked like she had no arms at all!  She wasn't going
to be doing much by herself, that was for sure!
As she walked toward Ben I saw one more wonderful part of her outfit.  Her
posterior was completely bare, framed in a heart shaped opening that squeezed
her rear cheeks out and gave them more definition.  Her cane marks were very
visible like this and I had to think that this was the entire point of the
outfit.  Apart from the patches around her eyes, nose and mouth, her ass was the
only part of her body exposed.
"Very nice!" I said as I finished my work.
Amy turned and gave me a little curtsy, hard to do I thought in that get up.
"You should see Laura, Sir!" she said to me.
I couldn't wait, and didn't have to. She came right out at that moment.
She was stunning!
Her hair had been styled to give it a lot of body and fell in huge waves down
her back,  her face was covered in a simple silver mask that covered her eyes
and ears and seemed to flow back to become a part of her silver collar.
The silver theme was carried through to her dress which stuck to her like
metallic paint, revealing that she too wore a corset that held her tightly from
just below her breasts to just above her pubic bone.
There the dress, made of a silver latex as I later found out, went from skin
tight to billowy, falling in deep folds to the deck.  I wondered what she had on
underneath it!
The best part of what I could see though was how it covered her breasts.  It
didn't.
Her breasts projected through two large holes in the front of the dress and were
covered at the nipples by what had to be nipple clamps.  No pasties could have
held up the silver chain that connected her nipples together, nor the chains
that fell from each nipple a scant six inches to the silver manacles on her
wrists.  Her wrists were also held together in front of her with a shorter
connecting chain.
I came down and stared at her.  "You are so very beautiful!" I told my wife.
"Thank you." she said with a soft smile and flutter of her eye lashes.
I grinned and bent low, I had to see what was under that dress.  I ducked under
the hem into a silvery world dominated by two lovely bare legs that stayed bare
all the way up to her waist.  She wore nothing over her crotch at all and the
latex actually formed a bell shape over her lower body so none of it touched her
below the waist.
I could imagine that wearing this dress would feel very weird indeed as it went
from a crushing tightness to nothing at all. I bet she had to keep looking to
make sure she was covered up!
I looked down and saw that her feet were also bare except for a tiny set of
silver manacles the like of which I had never seen before.  They were locked
about each big toe and were separated by only several inches or so of silver
chain.  Quite remarkable.  I grabbed the back of her thighs and pulled myself
up, giving her golden pussy a quick lick and a kiss before extracting myself.
I stood up to see Laura blushing and took another look at all my friends. "I
feel very under dressed." I said, wondering what I could put together.
"Your outfit is waiting for you in the single berth, Sir." Amy said to me.
"You have something for me already?" I asked.
"Of course, silly!  Now go shower and shave before putting it on!" Laura said,
sounding more like the wife I knew before this trip.
"Yes, Dear." I said, laughing.
I showered, I shaved, and then a little nervous I went to see what they had
gotten me.
What I found was interesting.  The pants were black latex but without the
addition on the front of Ben's. Instead my privates had no covering at all,
until I found the black leather loin cloth I was to wear over them.  My shirt
was white and made out of several layers of silk. It was well bloused at the
waist and cuffs and fastened only to mid chest, I would be showing a lot of
chest hair today.
There was also a silk mask for my head that reminded me of something Zorro might
wear. Black, it covered my hair and face in much the same way Ben's half hood
did.
I left it off, but brought it with me.
My ensemble was finished with a pair of sturdy leather boots that almost came up
to my knees.
Everything fit well although I was nervous about the loin cloth. But then given
the way the women were dressed I thought why not!
When I came out on deck both women whistled, a startling break in their
discipline but I didn't care!
"You look great, Don!"  Amy said.
"I could fall in love with you again!" Laura added, "Especially in that loin
cloth!"
Amy giggled.  "If I had arms I'd check to see what was under that thing!"
Laura joined in.  "If I had a free hand so would I!"
The women were having a good time and so was I. I turned to Ben who was busy
piloting the boat.
"You should put on your mask now, it's required at these events."
"Okay." I said, and donned the silk head piece.  "Can I ask who picked out this
outfit?"
"We did." Laura said, speaking for her and Amy. "You do like it don't you?"
"Sure, at least you didn't give me Ben's pants!"
We all laughed and I caught Laura mouthing a word at me. "Horse."
I shook my finger at her.
"Look!" Amy said.
We all turned to the front of the boat. 
We had been cruising around the island and were now entering a bay.  Spread out
before us were a couple of dozen other yachts and up on a hill above the beach
was this large house.  There were a lot of people milling around the place and
all of them were in some kind of fetish gear or nude.
Yes it was going to be an interesting evening!



End of Part 13.




On the Water  Part 14



Ben was at the helm of the 'Kajira', steering us into the harbor in front of the
villa where the party we were going to was taking place.  Laura, Amy and I stood
and watched the people in their various fetish wear move about on shore.
So engrossed on the shoreline were we that we were startled by the sound of a
loud horn behind us.
I turned to see a large yacht bearing down on us and Ben began frantically
turning the wheel.  The other yacht began to turn too and passed us harmlessly
to port traveling much too fast for its size in this small harbor.
Whoever was piloting had some sense though for as soon as they passed the
engines cut out and the boat began to slow.
I looked back at Ben and saw how pissed he was at their lack of seamanship. He
had turned the wheel back and was guiding us toward the larger vessel.
When I turned to look at it again something about the name on the back jogged my
memory.
"Oh God." I said.
"What?" Laura asked, she was standing next to me.
"It's the 'Dreamboat'." I said to her.
"I don't get it." said my wife.
"That's the boat that shared an anchorage with us a few nights ago."
"You mean..." was all she said before she started to blush.
She had remembered that we had made love on deck practically in full view of
that yacht.  We didn't know if anyone had seen us but then I hadn't expected to
see this boat again.
Ben guided us close to the big yacht and a man in a suit came to the rail from
what I thought to be the bridge and began calling out to us.
"Ahoy!" he shouted. "Terribly sorry old chap!  Didn't realize we were coming in
that fast!  Any damage?"
"No damage!" Ben yelled back, slowing the throttle, "But next time slow down!"
"Will do!  Say, why don't you tie up next to us and we'll take you in with our
launch. The least we can do!"
Ben looked over at the shoreline. The only dock was crowded with boats and our
only option at that point was to anchor in the bay and take the row boat in, not
a fun idea considering our outfits!
"I accept!" Ben yelled, and cut the engine.
"Jolly good!  I'll have it over in a jiffy!" yelled the man and he disappeared
back into his huge boat.
We both anchored about fifty feet apart and while Ben and I got the 'Kajira'
settled the women stood together on the stern deck looking a little
uncomfortable.
"You ladies ready for this?"  I asked them.
They nodded, their faces flushed, excited.
We heard an engine and from the far side of our neighbor came a motor launch
with three people in it.
As it pulled close we could see that it was two men and a woman, one of the men
was our host.
They pulled up to the side and Ben tossed them a line. The driver caught it and
pulled them close, winding the rope around a cleat once we had bumped hulls. 
The driver was dressed in a simple sailor's uniform, and I figured he was
strictly crew. The passengers were a different story.
"Nice costumes!" said the man we had talked to a few minutes ago. "Permission to
come aboard?" he asked, standing up.
"Granted." Ben said, still not smiling but not being hostile either. I think he
was as amazed at what he saw as I was and when I glanced back at the women so
were they!
Our visitor helped the woman aboard first and then climbed up himself.
"Townsend, Philip Townsend!" he said, extending his hand.
Ben and I each shook hands with him and introduced ourselves.
Townsend had on a big grin and that was about all, except for the tattoo and a
silk mask that just covered his eyes.  What we had taken to be a business suit
was actually a total body tattoo of...a business suit, right down to the details
of the laces of his tattooed wing tips and the tie clip on his tattooed chest.
The woman he had brought aboard was also nude and was tattooed from head to toe
with a design made to look like a riding togs, tweed jacket, jodhpurs, and even
black leather riding boots. She had on a silk mask just like her companion.  The
details on both of them were remarkable.
Townsend puffed out his chest.  "It always pays to be properly dressed!" he said
with a smile, "But where are my manners.  Let me introduce my wife, Alicia."
We said our hello's and introduced our ladies who said a shy hello as they took
in our visitors rather bizarre look.
"How simply enchanting." Townsend said, smiling at the pair of them.  He took
Laura's hand and kissed it, something that must have made her nervous
considering how close he had to get to her almost bare breasts to do that. Then
he stepped over to Amy.  "I see, dear lady, that you have no hand to kiss." Much
to my surprise he bowed and then turned back to us.
"If you're ready we'll take you across, and the launch will be at your disposal
throughout your stay. It's the least we can do for giving you such a scare!"
"Thank you." Ben said.
We piled into the launch, questions no doubt in all our heads, and left the
'Kajira' behind us.
Townsend began a running commentary about how good our outfits were and what a
pleasant time we were going to have here and while he talked I looked back at
his huge yacht.
There were more people on deck now and they were as fetishly dressed as the rest
of the crowd we could see onshore.
I turned to look at Mrs Townsend and saw her staring at me. She shifted her eyes
to Laura and smiled, then looked back at me and winked.
With a glance at Laura who had begun to blush again I saw that at least one
person HAD seen us coupling on deck in the rain.
I looked back at Alicia Townsend and held her eyes for a moment, then with a
smile of my own I let my eyes travel down her body.  Her amazing tattoo did
nothing to hide the fact that here was a very well built woman. It didn't hide
her age either although she had nothing to complain about as far as getting
older was concerned.  I figured her to be in her mid forties, like her husband,
but with a body that rivaled my wife's.
We eventually got to the dock and went ashore.
"Thanks!" said Ben who had become our spokesman.
"Don't mention it old boy!"  Townsend replied.  "Come over later and have a
drink!"
We parted and the four of us stood wondering what to do next as we watched the
Townsends walk up the hill together toward the house.
"Shall we?" I asked, taking Laura's arm.
"Yes, let's do it..old boy!" Ben said with a grin.  From somewhere he produced a
thin chain which he clipped to Amy's neck somehow and led her along behind him.
Walking slowly because of Laura's toe hobble we followed the path up to the
house, while behind us the launch went back to the yacht for another load of
passengers.



Now let me describe to you in one word the general feeling that I came away with
by the time we left the party.
One word.
Hmmm.
Boredom.
Yes, that's it.
What are you talking about? I hear you ask. How could you have been bored at
massive BDSM party on a tropical island?
Well, I was.
It was interesting for a while but there are only so many weird leather and
rubber outfits that I can look at before I get turned off. I was even getting
tired of my own.
There were a few odd moments throughout the party that captured my interest, but
that was all.
We saw Leo, and he practically cried over how thin the corsets made our women
look.
We met the host, Desmond Kopachi, who gazed blankly at us through a drug induced
haze while we were being introduced.
For a while the women and us were separated and when finally we saw them again
we found out that they had a better time than we did.
While they were gone Ben and I did come across a demonstration for a product
that held our attention very much. Ben bought one and had it delivered to the
boat. I'll tell you more about it later, it's a surprise for the ladies and I
don't want to spoil it.
Walking around together, Ben and I saw demonstrations of other products
concerned with BDSM, not to mention a lot of demonstrations on whipping,
spanking, and various sexual positions on various bondage devices.
Each one would hold our interest for a few minutes, but that was all.
My favorite part though was the big floor show right before dinner. This was the
reason why Ben and I were alone.
A small man in a one piece leotard had come up to us earlier and asked if he
could borrow our companions for a couple of hours.  "I'm putting together part
of the entertainment, you see." he said to us. "I'm supposed to club together
this big song and dance number using just the female submissives I find at the
party, you see, and I must say that your girl here looks like she has done some
dancing in her time!"
He was talking about Amy, I told you her outfit was tight!
Ben spoke for her. "She does dance, she takes classes to keep fit. But I don't
know if she will want to help you out today."
"It's a pity, she would be perfect, you see!" said the little man.
Ben looked over at her and Amy nodded with an eager smile. "Sure, just for a
couple of hours?" Ben asked.
"Yes.  The number will be just before the banquet and I'll have her back to you
before you eat!"
Ben pulled out a key and handed it over to the man. "This is for her outfit." he
said.  I hadn't realized that Amy was locked into her tight clothing.
The man took the key and looked at Laura.  "I could use one more, you see, but
does this one have what it takes?"
I smiled. "You want to see her legs?" I asked.  Laura glared at me with shock.
"It would help. Does she dance?"
"No, but she does work out every day." I replied.  I grabbed the front of her
dress and lifted it part way up.
"Donald!" Laura said with gritted teeth.
The man ducked his head under Laura's skirt and Laura began to blush a deep red
as she helplessly pulled at her bound wrists, for the little man would certainly
notice that she had nothing on under her skirt.
"Yes, she'll do." said the man coming out a second later.
"The same key works on  her too." Ben said.
The man nodded.  He took a notebook out of his pocket and wrote in it, tearing
off a page and handing it to Ben.
"There you go. My name is on that and any of the waiters or bartenders will know
where to find us!"  He clapped his hands and one of the waiters appeared at his
side. The waiter wore a loin cloth and nothing more.
Denzal, for that was the name on the receipt he had given us, pulled out a
second leash for Laura and clipped it to her collar.
"Donald!" Laura said with concern.
"Stay with Amy, you'll be fine." Ben said to her with encouragement.
"Have a good time!" I added, trusting Ben to know what he was doing.  If it
wasn't for him I would never have just handed my wife off to a stranger like
that, but if Ben was confident that Amy would be alright who was I to argue
about Laura going with her.
The waiter took the leashes and led our two young companions away while Denzal
followed.
We didn't see the women again until their dance number.
The banquet had been set up on a large terrace overlooking the ocean, and Ben
and I had staked out a table for four a couple of rows back from the dance floor
and had watched with little interest a pain demonstration given by a respected
BDSM couple. When they were done their stuff was cleared away and the lights
brightened for the main event.
A dozen women came out kicking in a line, a passable imitation of the Rockettes
although that famous troupe had never worn what these girls were wearing.
Their outfits looked to consist entirely of feathers. Long pink very well placed
feathers.
On their heads they wore a plume of feathers that must have given each of them
another foot of height.
From their behinds erupted a fantail of feathers which we could see could only
have been held there using butt plugs.
One large feather curled down under and between their legs to end just above
their pubic area. As the women danced you could catch enough glimpses to see
that this single feather was all that kept them from being completely exposed
down there.
Their nipples were the mounting points of several small feathers that fanned out
to partially cover their breasts, and as they danced around I wondered if they
were pasties or clip ons!
It was easy to spot Amy and Laura in the line up, and they both did well in
following the routine they had been taught over the time we were without them. 
Amy did better than Laura and looked quite natural on stage, for she had a big
smile on her face and looked like she was having fun.
Laura was smiling also but hers was different. She either wasn't having fun or
something was distracting her.
I figured it was the second option the way those feathers moved across her skin
as she danced.  The light caresses were probably driving her crazy.
All the women were attractive, some especially so. One woman near the end of the
line caught my eye. She was tall and dark, and in addition to her dance outfit
wore metal rings on her wrists and ankles.  It was her hair that really got to
me though. It was longer than Laura's by far and that's no mean feat.  Her hair
flowed straight and true down her back to just above her knees. It was very
beautiful.
I wondered who she was and if Laura's hair would ever get that long.
She danced well too. In fact all the women held their own and after the rather
energetic and revealing performance the number ended with a standing ovation
from the crowd, and Denzal came out front and gave a bow.
Twenty minutes later Amy and Laura joined us at the table, their faces flushed
and their bodies back in their original outfits.
The waitress who brought them out to us, again only dressed in a loin cloth that
allowed all to see her lovely breasts, unclipped the leash on Laura's collar and
handed Ben his key. Then she disappeared back from whence she came.
"Did you have a good time?" Ben asked.
"Marvelous, but it was a lot of hard work!" Amy said, smiling.
"Slave drivers!"  Laura added.
"You look like you enjoyed it, in fact you look like you still are!"  I said to
her.
Laura glanced at Amy.  "Sir, they gave us a parting gift, for taking part in the
dance." she said.
"What?" I asked, curious and slightly worried for some reason.
"You saw what we had to dance in, Sir." Laura said. "The butt plugs and the
nipple clamps."
"Yeah, it was all very obvious and we could see everything!"
Laura and Amy looked about and blushed.  "Well, Sir. You didn't see everything.
We also had to dance with Ben Wa balls inside us, and we were all told we could
keep them."
"So the two of you both have these balls in you right now?" Ben asked them.
"Yes, Sir." Amy answered with a deep breath.
I chuckled, and Ben glanced my way with a grin. "Who put them in you?" he said,
scowling at the women.
"We put them in each other, we know we aren't allowed to touch ourselves, Sir!"
Amy told him.
Ben laughed.  "Well, to get yours out again means pulling off half your outfit.
I'll just let you keep them, but you're not allowed to cum!"
"Yes, Sir." Amy said with a sigh.
"In that case Laura can keep hers too." I added, getting a look from my wife.
We had the women kneel beside us and the four of us enjoyed the banquet, while I
looked around for the beauty with the long hair.




The dance, and the shopping Ben and I had done had been the highlights of the
party for me and it wasn't that late before we decided to go back to the boat.
As we walked along the beach I stopped and pulled my boots off. The sand was
still warm under my bare feet even though the sun had gone down hours ago. It
felt really good.
As a group we talked a little of the things we had seen and when we got to the
dock we wondered if Townsend's launch was still there and indeed it was.
I stopped and looked at it as the others went on.
"Coming?"  Ben asked me, stopping too.
"Actually," I said, "I'd like to walk the beach for a while longer.  Laura, will
you join me?"
Laura gave me a smile and said sure and she shuffled over, her toes once again
locked in their miniature hobble.
"Well, we're heading back," Ben told us, "I feel like having a private party!"
We all laughed although Amy blushed a little as she did so and we parted, me
handing my boots to Ben to be taken back to the boat.  I was later to find out
that Ben's plan didn't quite work out.
But for us things were good.  I walked slowly, enjoying the sound of Laura's
quick steps and her short breaths, the sound of her chains jingling as her quick
movements shook her breasts. It was magical.
"Did you really enjoy the dancing?" I asked her.
"Most of it. It was a little scary at first, especially when Denzal unlocked all
my bondage and we had to undress. But he was the only man there and Amy said
that he could be trusted so I began to relax."
"I bet it was interesting, dancing with that butt plug in." I said to her.
"Well, at first he had us learn the routine completely nude, and that was a
blast. Here we were, twelve nude women kicking high and showing it all!"
"What if he had told you that you had to do the dance nude?"
"Oh wow...I don't know if I could have.  Wow.  Maybe if Amy was doing it too. 
But he told us right away that we would have costumes. I didn't expect what he
gave us though."
"Did Amy really put your Ben Wa balls in?"
"Yes, and the butt plug and I did the same for her. By the way can we walk a
little slower I'm being driven nuts here and can hardly breath!"
"No.  How did it feel to dance in all that gear?"
"Uncomfortable, while we were learning the routine, terrifying when it came time
to go out in public dressed like that, and arousing once we were actually out
there and doing it in front of everyone."
"Arousing?"
"Well...yeah. Those feathers were like little fingers touching me lightly,
especially between my thighs. With that the butt plug, the clamps and the Ben Wa
balls I was about driven nuts! I also knew that you were out there somewhere and
that you were watching, and you know how I like dancing for you. I just imagined
that you were the only person watching."
Laura batted her eyelashes at me and I slowed to a stop.
"Well you were the only one I watched." I lied, but it was a good lie.  I bent
to kiss her and her cuffed hands slid across my chest.
I let my hands need her breasts and she gave out short sharp gasps as the nipple
clamps that held her chains on sent twinges of pain to her brain and probably to
her loins.
Her mouth was very active in our kiss and it was with reluctance that I broke
away, but I had other plans for my tongue.
I dropped to my knees and ducked under her skirt.
It was dark now and I couldn't see anything but I didn't have to. I just
followed her legs to my goal and began to probe her with my tongue. Her wetness
was like nectar and I licked up every drop, running my tongue up and down her
lips and using my teeth on her clitoris.
I could hear her panting up above and her legs were both stiff and shaking as
her passion climbed. I kept up my work until I could hear her start to sing and
then pulled out.
"NO!  PLEASE NO!  DONALD!" she yelled. "Oh PLEASE don't stop, I was SO CLOSE!"
"Hush now." I said.
Laura opened her mouth and then closed it, a whimper escaping her.  I could see
that she was extremely aroused and I know it was cruel of me but I want to keep
her that way for a while.
"You are so beautiful right before you can cum!" I told her, kissing her once
more and letting her lick her own juices off my face.
"Let's walk." I said, and we continued on.
The beach ended a little further on but a path snaked up into the jungle.
Feeling adventurous I guided my bound and very frustrated wife along it until we
came to a fence with a gate in it.  A rather board young man dressed like the
waiters sat on a stool guarding it.
"Hi!" I said to him. "What's through there?"
"More of the party, Sir." said the young man.
"Oh, mind if we go in?" I asked him. I was sure Ben and I hadn't seen this part.
"You can go in, Sir. But you and the lady will have to undress first. Beyond
this fence it is strictly skin only."
I stepped back, amazed. Then I turned to my wife.  "What do you think?" I asked
her.
"Will I get to cum if we go in there?" she asked. What a one track mind the lady
has when fully aroused and in need.
"I think that can be arranged!" I told her.
She bit her lip and nodded.
"Okay," I said, turning to the gate keeper, "Where do we change?"



End of Part 14




On the Water  part 15




Okay, so Laura and I were about to go into a nude only area at a BDSM party on a
tropical island somewhere in the Caribbean.  What naked perversions awaited us
inside?
Well I'm not going to tell you, not yet anyway.
Instead I'm going to tell you what happened to Ben and Amy.
Now I found out about all this well after the fact since I wasn't there to see
it myself, but I think I got a good enough story from my various sources to be
able to give you a pretty good idea about what happened.
It all started as they boarded the launch belonging to Philip Townsend, the
owner of the large yacht called 'Dreamboat'.
"Sir." said the driver. "Mr Townsend respectfully asks that you join him aboard
his yacht for a drink."
Ben glanced at Amy who's features betrayed nothing, not surprising since they
were hidden under a latex mask.
"Could you pass on our regrets to Mr Townsend and let him know that we are going
in for an early night!" Ben said to the driver.
"Sir, Mr Townsend would really like to see you and he also said that if you
didn't go to him that he would bring the bottle to you."
Ben sighed. "I suppose one drink wouldn't hurt, but I want us to get changed
first. Can we do that?"
"Certainly Sir."
"Thank you." Ben replied sarcastically.  He snuggled next to Amy and the boat
sped away from the dock.
"Does this mean you're finally letting me out of this thing?"  Amy asked
breathlessly, her corset barely letting her take in enough air to talk.
"I don't know, I thought I'd just leave you chained up on deck while I head over
to Townsend's for a couple of hours." Ben said with a grin.
Amy growled but said nothing, knowing that Ben was kidding but also resigned to
doing just that if Ben was really serious.  Their relationship was such that if
Ben decided that she do something, then she WOULD do it, their trust and love
ran very deep.
Ben laughed and when they reached the 'Kajira' he helped his armless companion
aboard their boat and went inside to change.
When they came out again they looked quite different. Ben had traded in his
latex and chain mail for shorts and a Hawaiian shirt, while Amy now wore a
simple cotton dress.
The launch had waited for them and took them across the fifty feet that
separated the two boats.
The 'Dreamboat' was a big craft with several decks and lots of cabins.  A sailor
in traditional garb escorted Ben and Amy inside along richly appointed
passageways. Whoever Townsend was he certainly had money.
The sailor knocked on a door and opened it, revealing an oak walled drawing room
filled with comfortable chairs, cigar smoke and several men.
One of them was Townsend, now dressed in a real suit instead of the one drawn on
his skin. The other men were also in suits or almost as casually dressed as Ben.
Townsend stood up, as did the other men at the entrance of Ben and Amy.
"Dear boy, glad you could make it, and you brought your lovely girl with you. 
Enchanted!" said Townsend, approaching to shake Ben's hand.
"Good evening." Ben said, looking at the men that were gathered. Ben saw he was
the youngest man in the room.
Townsend shook his hand then turned to Amy. "Ah my dear, at last I get to kiss
your delicate hand, may I?"
With a smile Amy held out her hand and Townsend took it and brought it to his
lips, depositing a light but sensual kiss upon her knuckles.
Amy almost giggled.
"Such a smile, you honor us with such beauty. But alas it has to go. Ben my boy,
we're strictly stag tonight in this room but I'm sure that we can find something
aboard to entertain the lady!"
"Oh, I didn't know." Ben said, a little confused. He turned to Amy. "Perhaps you
had better go back to the boat."
"Oh that's not necessary, she can go back with you later. My wife Alicia would
be glad to entertain her while we chat." Townsend said.
Ben raised an eyebrow at Amy, who looked at him with pleading eyes.  Amy thought
that this wasn't the place to voice her willingness to stay aboard, but that
didn't stop her from trying to say it with her eyes.  She wanted to find out
more about those tattoos and relished the chance to talk to Alicia who hadn't
said a word when they were together earlier.
Ben took a deep breath and saw his pleasant and athletic evening with Amy
slipping away.  "Okay, she can stay for a little while, but we cant be out
late."
"Splendid!  Carlo, take the young lady to the school room." Townsend said to the
sailor.
"Have fun!" Ben said, giving her a quick kiss.
"You too, Sir." Amy said with a grin, and she followed the sailor down the
passageway.
Amy wondered what the school room was, but didn't think much of the name until
she got there.
Once again the sailor knocked on the door, but this time didn't open it. Instead
they waited a moment before a loud female voice yelled "COME!"
The sailor opened the door but motioned for Amy to wait outside.  Amy stood
uncomfortably alone in the passageway for a moment, conscious of the fact that
all she wore was a very thin dress that felt even lighter than it was, since her
body was still adjusting from the crushing tightness of her pervious outfit. 
Ben liked to do that a lot at home. He would make Amy spend hours in something
that wrapped and crushed her body like a vise, then just before going out in
public he would make her change into something extremely light.  Amy always felt
like she was going out naked, a side affect of the 'bondage to freedom'
transition.
She still felt it now and consciously looked to see that she still had her dress
on.
"Well bring her in!" said the female voice and the sailor appeared at the door.
Without a word the sailor motioned her inside and then left, closing the door
behind him.
Amy was a little startled to find what she found.
It was indeed a school room, done in wood paneling with a large window in one
side wall, it was lit poorly and smelled of chalk and sweat.
There were nine wooden desks lined up in rows of three of which most were
occupied by young women like herself, and one young man who sat in a corner. All
were dressed in casual clothes with one or two of them in very skimpy outfits
indeed.
Standing in another corner facing the wall was yet another young woman. She
stood stock still, her back straight, her posture correct. On her head was
balanced a big book and she had her hands clasped behind her. What Amy noticed
most about her was that she held the hem of her skirt up with her hands
revealing her bare buttocks, buttocks that quite evidently showed a very recent
spanking. There were also a couple of dark lines that betrayed the signs of
something stronger having been used on her too.  Amy made a good guess as to
what that could be as she wore the same marks herself.
Last but not least was the most imposing sight in the room.
Alicia.
Dressed in a black high collared gown of plain material she stood at the front
of the class glaring at Amy, in her hands was an object that Amy was very
familiar with, a cane.
Amy wondered if the marks on the butt of the girl in the corner were made by
this cane.
"You're late child, what do you have to say for yourself!" barked Alicia.
"I'm sorry, I didn't...we just came aboard for a drink..." Amy began, a little
lost.
"A DRINK!" shouted Alicia, bringing the cane down sharply on a desk.
The sharp rap of the cane made Amy jump, and she felt her heart beating hard in
her chest.  Suddenly she was scared.
"Yes, Maam." she said quietly.
"Yes, Miss Alicia! Not yes maam!  And speak up when you're talking to me!" said
the very imposing woman at the head of the class.
"Yes, Miss Alicia."  Amy felt her pulse racing and an old familiar stirring
going on.
"Sit down child, find a seat and take out your books!" Amy was ordered.
Amy, now getting her bearings held back a smile and sat down gingerly on the
hard wooden seat at the nearest desk.  She realized that this was a fantasy
scenario. Alicia evidently had a schoolroom fetish thing going on.
Amy decided to play along, it could be fun and it would definitely be something
to tell Ben about afterward.
She found some books under her seat and lifted them to the desk top.
One was a Latin primer, one a book of 19th Century poetry and one a Bible.
She glanced about at her fellow students but none of them were looking at her.
They all faced forward and sat with a stiff backed posture, not daring to do
otherwise. Amy wondered if they were all submissives like herself and if they
all belonged to Alicia.
"Face front, child!" Alicia commanded, and Amy quickly stopped looking around.
She looked straight ahead at Alicia who seemed to dominate her end of the room.
"I expect you to pay attention in my class."
"Yes, Miss Alicia." Amy said.
"Your posture is a disgrace, correct it!"
"Yes, Miss Alicia." Amy pulled herself up, wishing for a corset to help her keep
her back straight. This new position put more stress on her sore butt.
"I suppose you didn't complete your assignment!" Alicia said with a knowing
look.
"Assignment?"  Amy asked, falling into the trap before knowing what it was.
"I thought not.  But what can I expect from someone with such bad posture. 
Stand up!" commanded Miss Alicia.
Amy stood, afraid once again and also turned on by her fear.
"Bend over your desk girl, I'll teach you to ignore one of my assignments!" 
Alicia put her cane on the teachers desk at the front of the class and pulled
from a drawer a large rubber paddle.
"But I..." Amy said before clamping her mouth shut. She realized then that
Alicia was only using this as an excuse to spank her.
Amy was glad that she wasn't going to be caned again but her heart still jumped
at the sight of the paddle.  It had been an interesting game up to now but it
looked like that was about to change.
Or was it?
Amy had enjoyed pain as a part of her sexual stimulation for many years now and
the thought of that paddle being used on her was a definite turn on.  Yet she
wondered if Ben would approve of what was going on here.
Her thoughts on the matter got her into deeper trouble.
"Girl! I do NOT like to repeat myself!"
"Sorry Mistress Alicia." Amy said, bending over her desk. She wondered what she
could do to get out of this and also if she really wanted to get out of this.
"That's MISS Alicia, girl! Arms out to each side, grip the table legs."
Amy did as she was asked and Alicia moved behind her.
Amy felt her dress being lifted and she remembered that she wore nothing under
it. She was effectively nude below the waist now and visible to the whole class.
Amy happened to be looking at the woman who occupied the desk behind her and saw
that the woman's eyes drifted over to her bare butt.
"I see that you have already been a naughty girl!" Alicia said and Amy figured
that her cane marks were the cause of that statement.  She suddenly jumped as
she felt something jab at her wounds.
Alicia had touched one of the welts on her ass.
"Only the naughtiest girls get the cane. Isn't that right Stacy!"
"Yes Miss Alicia." said the girl in the corner.
"Unfortunately I need the permission of your Guardian before I can correct your
behavior with such a...useful tool. But for now I think I can get your attention
with my paddle."
Amy swallowed, wondering what was going to be worse, being caned again or having
her old wounds brought back to life with the large paddle the woman held.
"Everybody pay attention class, all except for you Stacy, I don't want to see
your face again until class is over!" Alicia commanded.
Without warning the paddle landed on her ass and Amy jumped. Only because of the
discipline she received at Ben's hand did she manage to hold on to the table and
not reach around to grab her suddenly red hot buns.
"Very good, Girl.  You at least have the discipline to hold still.  But you lack
the manners to thank me for your discipline. I expect a thanks after each
strike. Hear me, Girl?
"Yes, Miss Alicia. Thank you, Miss Alicia." Amy said, panting.  The pain from
that one blow had gone straight to her loins and she could feel each of her cane
marks throbbing. She wondered how many spanks she was going to get but didn't
dare ask.
The second strike came and then the third, fourth and fifth. After each Amy
thanked her tormentor and tried to deal with the pain. Her knuckles were white
as she held tightly on to the legs of her desk, but she wasn't fighting the pain
but the urge to reach between her legs.  Each strike sent shock waves through
her that were better than any vibrator.
Six came, and then seven and Amy wondered if she was dripping on the floor. With
her legs slightly spread and her ass up in the air Amy thought that Alicia HAD
to be able to see how turned on she was. She had to at least be able to SMELL
it.
Then came strike eight and Amy couldn't hold it back, not that she was trying
hard.  She began to cum, humping the desk uncontrollably as the entire day's
build up of sexual frustration let itself loose in one massive orgasm.
Amy screamed as she came, choking down her vocalizations as soon as she was
able.
When the orgasm passed it left Amy wasted, very embarrassed and also afraid of
what Alicia might do to her for cumming in the middle of a punishment.
What Alicia did surprised Amy.
"There child." she said, running her fingers lightly over Amy's very hot bottom.
"Don't you agree that this was for your own good?"
Bewildered and relieved, Amy said yes.
She felt a finger dip briefly into her sopping wet pussy and Alicia moved into
Amy's field of vision, a finger in her mouth and a small smile on her face.
"Very good.  Class, you may taste her."
The other students got up and Amy blushed even further as each of them, the
young man in the corner included, came over and gave her engorged labia a quick
lick.  Only the unfortunate Stacy in the corner was left out.
With a happy sigh, Amy began to smile.



Ben was immersed in a different atmosphere.
Seated in a big leather chair with a club soda in his hand he was feeling a
little under dressed, but not out of place.
Not quite.
Townsend had yet to introduce the other men in the room and as time went on
didn't look like he was going to.
Instead he played bartender while the rest of the men in the room talked about
the stock market and politics and other matters that concerned the well
financed.
Ben understood that kind of talk being well financed himself, and in spite of
his reservations was drawn into several conversations, holding his own with
these unknown men quite easily.
Ben did notice that while Townsend was hosting this little get together, he
deferred as did the rest of the group to a gray haired gentleman sitting across
the cabin from Ben.
The man watched Ben with a thoughtful expression on his face, before
interrupting the current conversation.
"So, Ben. That was a beautiful young lady you had with you tonight." he said,
silencing the others.
"Thank you.  She is a VERY beautiful woman." Ben replied cautiously.
"Has she been with you long?" he was asked by another.
"Many years." was Ben's reply.
"I suppose," said the gray haired man, "that she looks even more lovely in tight
bondage!"
Ben gritted his teeth.  He didn't like these men.
The gray haired man continued to speak.  "She certainly looked good at the
banquet this evening. We all saw her dance. A lovely body and quite athletic. 
You should be proud!"
"I am." Ben said with a closed mouth.
"And that costume you put her in afterward.  Not exactly my taste of course but
still quite stunning."
Ben said nothing.
"I assume that the girl uses that athletic ability of her's in bed to your
satisfaction?"
Ben stood up. "Excuse me, but I think it's time I left."  He was angry at this
man. Who was he to talk to him like that!
"Sit down Mr Lane." the gray haired man said.
Ben was stunned.  He had not told anyone his last name. He turned to his
interrogator.
"Oh don't look so surprised Mr Lane.  For people like us determining your
identification is child's play.  Benjamin Lane, born in San Francisco,
California but currently residing in London while also keeping houses in Canada,
South Africa and Australia.  A gold trader by profession although you also
dabble in other precious metals and even sometimes gems.
You're a self made man whose holdings would be a lot greater if you didn't
donate large sums of your money to children's hospitals around the globe,
anonymously of course.
You head your own company and have your finances so well settled that you really
don't have to do much real work anymore to keep your wealth increasing.
Your only close companion is the girl you are here with tonight, Amy Nelson who
also comes from California. An ex-dancer, ex-drug addict, she performs admirably
for you as your loving submissive.  The both of you are also alcoholics although
that doesn't mean anything now days, except that your Domination/Submission
lifestyle has allowed you the focus and the support to stop your excessive
drinking and Miss Nelson's drug dependency.  Would A.A. be that successful if
they followed YOUR twelve step program!"
The other men in the room laughed softly.
Ben, still standing, glared at the gray haired man. "Can I ask who you are?" he
said.
The gray haired man leaned forward. "I'm the man that's going to make you a
proposition you can't refuse!"




Amy was standing in the corner. Like the girl in the opposite corner Amy held
her dress up behind her so that her buttocks were fully revealed, and she had a
book balanced on her head.
She had been ordered there directly after the last student licked her pussy and
on very shaky legs she struggled to comply. Now she stood listening as Alicia
worked at her lesson, teaching 19th Century poetry in between giving out
punishments for every offense she could find.
Amy kept track and felt sure that everyone felt their teachers wrath at least
once.
She didn't know how long she had been standing there, maybe close to an hour,
but suddenly a bell rang somewhere and Alicia stopped in mid sentence.
"That's the bell children.  Stand up!"
Amy heard everyone stand and wished she could see what was going on. Instead she
just had to deal with the throbbing in her butt and the urge to masturbate to
the pain.
"You are all lazy and in much need of discipline, but I love you all and wish
you and your Guardians well.  You may leave now!"
Amy waited, not knowing if she was included as she listened to the others leave
the room. Alicia appeared beside her.
"You may leave too, Amy. And you, Stacy.  Thank you for being such good sports!" 
Amy turned and dropped her dress, catching the book as it fell from her head. 
She saw Alicia smiling warmly at her.
"Thank you, Miss Alicia." Amy said, beginning to smile again.
"It's just Alicia now, Darling. The bell has rung and school's over."
Amy giggled.  "This wasn't like any school I ever went to!"
"Mores the pity.  You American girls are the least disciplined of the lot!  Now
run along I have to clean up in here and your Master is waiting."
Amy felt the urge to hug this strange woman and did so quickly, catching up with
Stacy at the door.
As she left the room she looked back and paused in surprise.
Alicia was stripping off her dress but underneath there was no sign of the body
tattoo she had worn to the party.
Alicia spotted Amy at the door and smiled. "It was just body paint, Darling, our
costumes for the day!"
Amy laughed and left her teacher behind.
She caught up with Stacy and the others on deck where the men who had been in
Townsend's private sitting room were waiting.
Each man had a girl go up to him and one had two while another was met by the
young man.  All the girls were chatting about their time in the school room and
when Amy found Ben she started to do likewise.
Ben smiled and hugged her close but Amy could see that his attention wasn't
completely on her.  He kept looking across the fantail of the yacht and Amy
followed his gaze.
All she saw was Stacy and a gray haired man who was inspecting her bright red
buttocks.
Ben looked down at her. "Have a nice time did you?" he asked.
"It was a pain in the ass, but then you know how much I like that!" Amy said,
giggling.
Ben's smile didn't change, as if Amy's good mood hadn't really touched him.
"Come on, let's go."  he said, and he led her back to the launch for the trip
back to the 'Kajira'.



End of Part 15




On the Water  part 16




Not knowing what was happening to Ben and Amy, Laura and I entered through the
gate wearing nothing but our masks which were still required.  At least I wore
nothing but my mask, Laura also wore her bondage which I put back on her after
removing her outfit.
Her nipples were still clamped and still supported the large chain that
connected them. Her hands were still connected to her nipples with even more
chain and were still connected to each other as well, and she still worn those
tiny manacles on her big toes keeping her in a hobble.
She looked beautiful and very, very nervous.  She could raise her hands to cover
her tits but there was nothing she could do about her fair haired pussy.  With
her golden hair falling in waves behind her she looked wonderful.
Never before had either of us been nude in front of so many people, it was an
adventure for both of us.
What made it easy though was that EVERYBODY was naked as well. If we had to walk
like this through a crowd this size of dressed people I doubt we could have done
it. But in THIS group we were simply two more naked bodies.
We did get looks though, but that was only because of Laura's bondage.  To her
embarrassment and continued arousal (which I found out about later), people
would come up to us and comment on her chains, her body and her good behavior.
Yes, that's what I said, good behavior. It was only after the second or third
statement about it that I realized that Laura had slipped into one of her deeper
slave modes.
She walked on tip toe slightly behind me, her toe hobble forcing quick steps
from her. Her head she kept lowered slightly, using her eyes to rubberneck
instead.
When ever we stopped she would drop to her knees and remain there until I
started walking again.
When I saw this I felt a great deal of pride, a pride which only increased the
more I heard good things about her.
This boosted my confidence which helped me play my role as her Master much
better.  I was no longer nervous about walking around with my tackle exposed.
Instead I was a Dominant, a man in control, visiting with new friends and
proudly showing off the person most precious to me.
Laura told me later that my getting into the role helped her too.  She also
forgot that she was naked for the first time in front of so many strangers and
instead let herself go, displaying what she had earlier thought of hiding,
obeying the rules we had established over time without giving them another
thought, and most importantly loving me for obviously expressing my love for her
to all these people.
If you cant understand why she would love me for having her walk around naked
and bound in front of strangers and talk about her in glowing terms, then
perhaps you're reading the wrong kind of story.
I cant say I truly understand it myself, not being a submissive. But I do know
that my love for her became even more fully realized at that party. It wasn't
just because she WAS the kind of woman that would let me do that kind of thing
to her, but more because I knew then that she had found a part of herself that
gave her great joy and that she trusted me enough to let that joy flow out
knowing that I would accept it and protect her.
Confused?
Well that's love!
Stepping out into that accepting crowd was like coming out of the closet.  We
both felt finally free to be ourselves, the bondage of repression and ignorance
finally falling away.
Oh how could we go home now!
So we mingled, and I drank, a little too much I thought later.  We both enjoyed
the eye candy surrounding us and knew that others enjoyed looking at us...well
Laura mostly, I'm no catch.
There was one person I was surprised and pleased to see.  It was the long haired
woman who had danced with Laura and Amy earlier.
She was sitting in a patio chair by a pool side table. I saw that her bangles
were still on and that someone had connected her hands  together with a small
padlock. Her feet were also connected.  She sat holding a drink to her lips,
putting it down on the table with both hands.
She was absolutely stunning.
"Wasn't she one of your fellow dancers?" I asked my wife, pointing the amazing
woman out.
"Yes, Master.  Her name is Sehani and she is down here with her husband. They
come every year." Laura replied.
"Ah!" I said.  If I had ever been tempted to consider building a stable of
women, as some of the other guests here obviously had, I would have started with
this one. But alas her being married meant that this fantasy at least was not to
be.  I chuckled, wondering what I would have done with her once we got home
anyway!
"What's so funny, Master?"  Laura asked.
"Oh, just trying to figure out which head I'm supposed to be thinking with!"
"Oh...she is beautiful. I understand, Master."
Something about her tone upset me.  It was one thing to be submissive but quite
another to give up all self worth.  I couldn't imagine Laura ever doing that but
the way she accepted how I looked at another woman disturbed me.
I crouched down to where she was kneeling.
"Laura, I'm only going to say this once.  Cut it out!  I know what's going on
inside that golden head of yours and I wont have it.  Remember who you are and
what you mean to me!"
Laura met my eyes for just a brief moment. "Yes, Master."
"And cut that 'Master' crap. You know I don't care for it!"
"But I thought...yes, Sir."
I kissed her, maintaining the kiss until I felt Laura really respond to it,
before getting her to her feet so we could keep on moving.
I walked us away from the pool and the temptation beside it and out into a large
garden.
All around us the people were showing their affections for each other in various
ways, we had evidently walked into the orgy section of the party.
I cant say we weren't affected by what we saw and heard, I was at full mast and
Laura's thin pubic hair did nothing to hide her arousal although she had been
moderately stimulated since we came in.
Many of the couples and triples and the odd mass of arms and legs that defied
counting also used bondage and those were the groups that interested us the
most.
I was very tempted to drop right where we were and join them.
But I still didn't want to give Laura any sexual release yet. I knew that the
longer she waited the better it would be for her. I was going for a world
record!
But there was nothing that said I had to wait!
I stopped walking and Laura obediently dropped to her knees on the grass behind
me.
I turned and let my penis stick out straight and true right in front of her
face.
Laura glanced up at my face after a moment and saw my expression. I was waiting
to see if she would do what I wanted without my having to tell her.
She glanced about at the copulating masses and then closing her eyes took me
into her mouth.
"Open your eyes." I told her. "Look at my face."
She did so, and our eyes met as she worked her well practiced lips and tongue 
over my shaft.  I watched her for a moment, savoring the feeling of her wet
mouth surrounding me, then I deliberately looked away at the people surrounding
us.
As she drew me closer and closer to orgasm I resisted the urge to look back at
her, knowing that she was doing as I asked and kept her eyes on my face. But as
I came I did look and saw that the nervous look she had about performing such an
intimate act before a garden full of strangers was now replaced by that look of
joy I knew so well.
I smiled an laughed and immersed myself in the bliss of the moment.
She cleaned me off, silently, before I helped her to her feet once more and we
continued on, eyes only for each other now.
Beyond the orgy we found other smaller groups, one of which caught my attention.
A bald Japanese man in a black silk mask was holding court of a sort for about a
dozen people.  He looked too young to be bald, about my age or just a little
older, yet it suited him in a way I couldn't identify.  What attracted him and
his group to me though was what he was doing.
It was another demonstration like those Ben and I had witnessed earlier. But
this one was on Japanese rope bondage, where the art of physical restraint
really was considered an art.
He had just finished up tying a volunteer, a young woman who now had her arms
held helplessly behind her in a rope single sleeve. Her Domme took her in her
arms and kissed her, hooking a finger in the young woman's clit ring.
"Thank you, Hiro."  The Domme said with a sly smile.
The Japanese smiled and offered a slight bow.  "Any time you wish to try this
yourself!" he said, his English very good.
The Domme laughed and led her captive away by her clit ring, the smiling girl
hurrying to keep up.
"That was pretty impressive!" one of the men in the circle said.
"A simple tie. I have more rope should you like to see something more
complicated. All I need is another volunteer."
The people around us murmured, discussing  who should go next. I decided for
them.
"I volunteer my wife!" I said, stepping to one side so that they could clearly
see her kneeling beside me.
Laura looked up and began to blush. I had just brought her into the spotlight
and I bet she felt her nudity again.
I got her to stand and heard some more comments about her looks and bondage
which I liked.
The Japanese was also standing, and his eyes gave Laura a quick but thorough
once over.
"She will do nicely, if you can relieve her of her current  bonds first." he
said.
The key was still on it's chain about my neck, and in moments everything but her
collar and those Ben Wa balls in her pussy was gone from her.
She looked a little awkward for a moment now that she wasn't forced to keep her
hands in one position. Then she lifted her arms and put her hands behind her
head. She parted her legs and pushed out her chest a bit too, showing off. She
was still blushing furiously but there was excitement in her eyes.
I could see all of the men and some of the women admiring her and again I was
proud of her.  It didn't even occur to me then that these people were probably
thinking sexual thoughts about my wife. But then if that kind of thing was going
to bother me I wouldn't have been at this party in the first place.
I gave Laura a pat on the cheek, one of her striped ones of course, and sent her
into the circle to meet her fate.
As she padded over it occurred to me that we were crossing yet another boundary. 
I was letting a complete stranger tie up my naked wife, his hands obviously
would be touching her while he did so.
Wow!
The Japanese took a good look at her before he started.
"The hair will have to go." he said.
He bent low to a pile of rope and selected one that wasn't too long.
I saw Laura sneak a peak at the naked Japanese, as if she hadn't seen enough
cocks this evening.
"Keep your hands where they are." he ordered her.
"Yes, Sir."  she replied. Good girl.
He took one end of the rope he had pulled and, gathering her long hair into one
large pony tail, tied it to her golden locks.
We were standing under a tree and he tossed the rope over a branch above us,
pulling on the slack until all her hair was raised above her head.  He tied it
off.
"Hair can be beautiful, but impractical at times." he said.
He pulled another rope and doubled it, folding it in half.
"We will begin," he said, "watch."
Everyone was paying attention now and we watched as he wrapped the looped end of
his double rope around Laura's waist, tucking the loop under the rope at the
small of her back.
He brought the ends of the rope between her legs from behind and up in front of
her, tucking them under her waist rope before pulling them back through her legs
again and up behind her.
Laura now had four strands of rope snug against her pussy and ass.  I caught her
eye and she smiled nervously at me.
Working in silence the Japanese turned Laura so that her back was visible to us
all and he brought her arms down.
He placed them together behind her back, folded so that her fingers just reached
the opposite elbow, her forearms together.
Then he used the rest of the rope to bind her hands together, wrapping the rope
around her forearms and around her upper arms too until they were locked solid
behind her.
"Do not pull yet." he said to her, and Laura nodded.  He could tell as could
most of us that she was very turned on and wanted to make use of the crotch
ropes.
He pulled another rope from the pile, doubled it, and tied the looped end around
the ropes binding her wrists.  He brought this rope up her back and between her
shoulder blades tied a knot in the two strands, binding them together.
He passed each strand over her shoulders, one on each side of her neck and then
turned her to face us again.
Just below her neck he tied the strands together with another knot, then one
more knot was tied between her breasts, the ropes now falling in a straight line
directly between those sweet globes.
Yet another knot was tied  below her breasts and a last one at about the height
of her belly button. Then the Japanese tucked what was leftover partially under
her waist rope.  I wondered why he didn't tie them there.
He pulled a third rope from the pile, but this one he didn't double.  Instead he
turned her once more and tied one end of this rope to one of the ropes running
up her back, below the knot he had tied there earlier.
He turned Laura again and brought the rope around her side, over her upper arm
and threaded it through the gap between the two ropes coming down from her neck,
between the first two knots he had tied.  This held the rope above her breast.
He pulled the rope through until it was snug and then went back the way he had
come, threading the rope through the same gap behind her back before coming
around her other side.
He threaded the rope through the same gap he had used up front and when he
pulled it back it pulled the two strands that fell from her neck into a diamond
shape.
There were lots of smiles from the group when they saw that.
Our rope expert went behind Laura again and repeated the whole process with the
next gap down, incidentally tightening the ropes against her breasts in a nice
bit of breast bondage.
He worked his way down her torso like this until he reached her waist where he
tied off the end of the rope behind her.
Laura now had a set of diamonds made out of rope falling from her neck to her
waist and her hands and arms were very well tied against her body.
The Japanese wasn't quite don't though.  He took the two ends that he had only
tucked in and pulled them all the way under the waist rope.  These he pulled
hard on and Laura gasped as the ropes about her tightened up.
He tied them in place.
Then he turned her once more and we could see that there was still a little rope
left in the single strand he had used to create the diamonds with.  This he
threaded through the loop he had tucked under her waist rope to hold it up and
pulled hard on it, tightening her crotch rope.  He tied it off then untied the
rope holding her hair.
"Simple, but effective and quite beautiful." he said with a small smile.
Everybody clapped.
Laura stood still, her mind and body exploring her bondage.
"You were a good, obedient subject. You may go now."  our host said.
"Yes, Sir.  Thank you."  Laura replied, and she walked back to me.  The way she
walked I could tell she was really feeling those Ben Wa balls.
"How does it feel?" I asked her as we walked away.
"Wonderful...so tight and the ropes between my legs are fantastic!"  She was
panting with desire, her nipples like hard little rocks.
I stopped her and sucked on them, getting an instant moan from her.  God she was
making me hard!
"Please...Sir...let me cum!" she begged.
I had been carrying the chains and cuffs I had taken from her. I held them up to
her face.
"I'm tired of carrying these." I said with a smile.  To her horror I clipped her
nipple clips back onto her very swollen nipples and let everything hang.  The
clips were tight enough to take the weight but not enough to really hurt, but I
bet the swinging chains were playing havoc with her senses.
"Ohhhh..." she moaned, her feet shifting, her eyes closed.
I wished she had a clit ring I could lead her around by.
Instead I took her toe hobble and locked one tiny manacle to the chain between
her breasts, I used the other one to pull her along with and my wife stumbled
along behind me, eager to keep the added tension I was putting on her bound
breasts down.
I knew she wouldn't last much longer and I had a quick thought about how I was
going to eventually give her release.  My problem was solved when I saw an empty
seat.
I led Laura over to it and sat down.
"Over my lap, slave!" I ordered and she practically threw herself at me, landing
face down with her butt high in the air.  I arranged her so that her chains hung
free, pulling her breasts downward.  Then, holding tight to those chains with
one hand I began to spank her moderately hard.
As I hit the still tender welt on her ass she would jump and yelp, but she
wouldn't jump far because her nipples held her down, trapped in the chains I
held in one hand.
Each spank caused her pain and stimulation in two points, something I know she
loves.
I kept up my spanking, varying the strengths and the target each time and Laura
began her song of passion, her eyes tightly shut, her bound hands now fists, her
unbound legs spread wide and getting wider by the second.
Other people who were nearby stopped to watch as I kept spanking and were
witness to Laura trying to hump my leg as she tried to gain even more
stimulation from her crotch ropes.
I spanked her even harder now, not caring if I was hitting her welt, and she
bucked about on my lap with enthusiasm. Her buttocks were bright red and my hand
was getting sore when she finally came, grunting almost as loud as Amy as the
torrent of passion overwhelmed her.  From the way she bucked about she must have
had a multiple, and she almost tore the chains out of my other hand.  Her
nipples and breasts were really going to hurt when she came down.
I put my hand on her hot little rump and began rubbing, watching as the love of
my life slowly came down.  She was limp over my lap, breathing heavily,
exhausted.
Many of the folk around us smiled and went back to what they were doing but one
young lady kept watching us.
She was a well proportioned young woman, her breasts large but with the tiniest
nipples I had ever seen. Her hair was very short, like a boy's, and like Amy she
had no pubic hair.
She wore a leather mask that covered her eyes and nose.
She padded over to us and sat on the seat beside me.
I was a little surprised.
Laura couldn't see her because the girl sat at her lower end. Besides in her
state I doubt she would have noticed anyway.
"Hi." said the girl.
"Hey!" I said, wondering what she wanted.  She looked to be about nineteen but I
hoped she was older than that. I noticed that a small padlock kept her mask from
being unfastened.  There was also something around her neck, maybe the thinest
collar I had ever seen. It looked like not much more than a piece of wire, but
it did have shape and looked tough.
The girl was staring at Laura's red ass, the four stands of rope dividing her
two globes.  "May I touch, Sir?"  she asked.
I stopped rubbing and took my hand away. Curious, I nodded.
She reached out and let her small fingers caress Laura's cheeks, tracing the
welt left by the cane.
"Hot." she said.
I nodded again.
"What's your name?" she asked.
"Don. What's yours?"
The girl glanced away for a second.  "Is she yours?"
I nodded. "This is Laura, my wife."
The girl nodded and shaped the name Laura with her lips.
I looked at Laura, catching her eye now that her senses were coming back to her.
She looked happy and curious as to who I was talking with.  She told me later
that the only reason she wasn't embarrassed about how she looked was because the
ropes covered her pussy pretty well.
"Are you from the big boat in the bay?" the girl asked me.
"No, but we're parked right next to it. Our boat is called the 'Kajira'." I
replied.
"Oh."  She continued to caress Laura's backside for a moment longer and then
stood up.  "Thank you, Sir." she said and ran off, her young naked body looking
elegant in it's motion.
"Who was that?" Laura asked.
"I don't know. But then you get to meet all sorts at one of these events." I
replied. I helped her to stand and she stood on rubbery legs.
"Wow!  That was incredible!" she said with a smile.
"I know," I replied with a grin, "everybody thought so!"
Laura looked around, her face in a panic. I think that only now she had realized
that her sexual release had been publicly viewed by dozens of people.  She
turned a bright red.
"Oh God...can we go?" she said.
"What happened to the slave girl I came in here with?" I asked her, noting her
change in personality with a smile.
"She just...er...please Sir, can we go back to the boat?"
I laughed.  "Sure. I'm getting sleepy anyway."
"Thank you Sir. Sir, could a slave ask to be untied?"
"Are you uncomfortable in those ropes?"
Laura pulled a little at her rope bondage, none of the ropes having moved an
iota since being put on her.  "No, not really." she said honestly.
"Well I want to show Ben how you look, so the ropes stay on."
"Yes, Sir." Laura said with a sigh.
I laughed again and took the tiny leash I had made out of her toe hobbles and
with a yelp Laura followed me home to the 'Kajira'.




End of Part 16.





On the Water  part 17




I slept well that night, snuggled tightly against the warm soft flesh of my
wife.  I lay spoon fashion with her, tucked in behind so I could reach around
her.  I had one of her breasts cupped in my hand, its weight comforting and
its softness soothing.  I was quite content to just lay there forever,
listening to the sound of my loved one breathing as she slept.
How I lived without her before we met,  I dont know.  Some would say I hadnt
really lived at all, and I would agree.  Laura was my life, my reason for being.
I kissed the back of her neck through her hair and let the boat rock me to
sleep.



The next morning we left the cove, the DreamBoat already stolen away in the
night.
Under sail we made good time and Ben and I watched as our women completed their
morning duties with their natural grace.
Ben had been impressed with Lauras rope bondage the night before, and Amy had a
lot of questions about the nude party, so we hadnt got to bed until quite late.
This meant for a late departure in the morning, but no one was especially
concerned about it.
The plan was to sail to a neighboring island where there was a town.  We werent
going to be shaking civilization quite yet.
As the Kajira sped across the water,  I couldnt help glancing at Ben as he
stood at the helm.  Dressed only in a pair of shorts he smoked his pipe as he
drove the boat.  To me he looked a little distracted, but at the time I didnt
know why.
I would have gone over to ask him, but he didnt look like he was in the mood to
talk about such things.  So instead I watched the ladies go about their work.
I especially loved watching Laura, for I had been inspired by last nights rope
bondage.  In addition to her normal cleaning bondage my wife also had to deal
with a creation of my own.
I had taken the brown corse ropes that the Japanese rope master had put on her
and created a body harness that wound up and down each of her limbs.   Both her
arms and legs were crossed many times with rope that pulled and tugged as she
moved.  Her torso was also wrapped, with rope twisted about her breasts and
pulled tightly through her crotch.
Every move she made tugged at something or generated a friction somewhere. From
where I was across the boat I could see that the rope issuing from the folds of
her pussy had been stained dark by her secretions.
As I watched she would occasionally pause and shudder a bit as the sensations
became too much for her, then she would look around to see if anyone had spotted
her, invariably catching me watching her.  She would blush, and smile, but she
never quite lost the slight look of desperation on her face.  I could tell she
wondered just how much of this she was going to have to endure. 
Not much more if the state of my arousal was anything to go by.  I was ready to
throw her down on the deck and take her right there!
In fact I was seriously considering doing just that when Amy screamed!
Amy had just opened the port rope locker, a chest like affair just aft of the
foredeck and now she stood back against the railings, one arm thrown across her
chest.  It was obvious she had seen something that shocked her and what ever it
was it was inside the locker.
I headed forward, glancing back at Ben who was busy locking the helm down so he
could come forward too.
When I got to the still open locker I looked inside and saw what had startled
Amy.
There was someone in the locker.
It was a girl, or young woman, I couldnt tell how old with her body curled up
tightly as she had to be to fit in the locker.  I could tell she was female
though because she was completely naked.
Well, not completely.  She had on a leather mask that covered her eyes and nose,
a mask that was locked on with a tiny padlock. She also wore a very thin metal
collar about her neck, visible only because her hair was so short.
I recognized her instantly, it was the girl from last night.
She was fast asleep in the locker, her sudden exposure and Amys scream doing
nothing to wake her.  I reached down and touched her neck, she was warm and
breathing, and I wondered how air tight the locker was and if she was suffering
from lack of oxygen.
Ben came up beside me and stared into the locker.
"Shes from the party."  I told him.
"You know her?" he asked.
"Its the girl I told you about, the one who showed up at the bench."
Bens expression was dark, but thoughtful.  He looked up at the women.
Amy was still at the rail behind us, breathing hard but a little more relaxed. 
Laura was across the deck, looking puzzled and a little uncertain through her
arousal.
"You okay Amy?" Ben asked his companion.
"Yes, Sir."
Ben took off the chain he wore with his master key on it, and handed it to her. 
"Go below, take Laura with you.  Clear the single berth and then remove all your
bondage, both of you. Find something to wear, your swimsuits, and something for
this girl and put it in the single berth. Then the pair of you will stay in our
room!"
"Yes, Sir." Amy said, taking in his orders and looking a little better for it.
"No playing, no talking, watch a video or something." he added.
Amy nodded and she began shuffling toward the stern.
I looked up at Laura whom I could see wanted to speak.  I gestured for her to
follow her friend, and with a reluctant look she did so.
"Lets get her out." Ben said to me.
It was a tight fit for this girl, and I wondered how long she had been trapped
in the box.  I say trapped because the latch closes automatically when the lid
is shut, there is no way to undo it from the inside.
I have to say that it was odd handling this nude young woman. As much as I have
looked at other women since my marriage the only woman other than my wife I have
actually touched in that state was Amy.  With Amy there had at least been an
implied consent through Ben, but here there was nothing.   I helped to pull her
out and we unfolded her gently on the deck before getting a better grip on her
for the trip below.
As she lay there I couldnt help noticing how lovely she was.   Id be lying if
I said I didnt find her attractive.
I shook that thought out of my head and we carried her below.
We lay her on the bunk in the single berth cabin, a mens shirt already waiting. 
Of the stuff that was stored in here and the women there was no sign.
As we lay her down she began to stir, I hoped she was waking up.
I took her masked face in my hand and turned it toward me.  Behind the mask her
eyes opened slowly, I saw they were green.
She looked startled for a moment, her eyes darting from me to Ben and back.  She
was lying on her back and she brought her arms up but curiously didnt attempt
to cover herself.
"You okay?" I asked dumbly.
She nodded, staring at me.
"Hi, Im Don, remember me from the party?"  I said gently in an effort to calm
her.
The girl nodded again and did relax a little, although now she was staring at
Ben.
"Thats Ben." I told her. "This is his boat, hes the captain."
"Youre not in charge?"  she whispered.
"No, Ben has the final word."  I said.
The girl stared at Ben, assessing him I thought.
"Can you tell us who you are and why you were in our rope locker?" I asked her.
"Youre not taking me back are you?" she asked, reaching up and gripping my arm.
"Why shouldnt we take you back?  You did come aboard uninvited."  Ben said from
the foot of the bunk where he stood.
"Please..." said the girl, some genuine terror in her eyes now.  "Please dont
take me back. Ill never get away again!"




The three of us were now sitting in the booth, a cup of hot chocolate in front
of our visitor.
She was also wearing the shirt we had given her, but it looked wrong on her some
how.
When we handed it to her she just held it until we told her to put it on. She
looked surprised, but did as we asked, looking very awkward as she did so.  She
didnt button it up, she just held the front closed with one hand.
It was still unbuttoned and I couldnt help seeing one tan breast through the
opening from where I sat. It was distracting.
She smelled the hot chocolate before she drank it, like it was her first time
trying it.  From the smile she gave us I could have believed it was.
She was a very curious person.
"Lets start at the beginning shall we?"  I said, looking over at Ben who had
decided that I should do all the talking.  He just watched us and kept an eye on
the radar and auto pilot from where he sat.
"Whats your name?" I asked her.
"Bitch." she said.
"What?"
"Bitch, they call me Bitch.  My full name is Cunt Sucking Bitch but they use
Bitch for short."  Her voice was tiny, but I could still detect her island
accent. Who ever she was she was local.
"Thats not a name." I said to her.
"Its...what they call me."
"You must have a real name."
She sighed, and looked at her chocolate.  "I...I used to be called...Kiri, when
I was just a little girl."
"Kiri, thats a nice name.  Can we call you Kiri?"
She looked unsure, but eventually nodded.
"Who called you Bitch, Kiri?"  I asked.
She shook her head.
"Its okay, you can tell us."
"Youll take me back."
"Why dont you want to be taken back?"
She looked straight at me, a hardness suddenly in her eyes. "Would you want to
be taken back to someone who called you a cunt sucking bitch all the time!"
I sat back, a little stunned.  Kiri looked back at her drink.  "Sorry, Sir." she
whispered.
I leaned forward again and she flinched, almost spilling her drink.
"Its okay, I wont hurt you."  I said.
She didnt look at me.
"Kiri, did they hurt you?"
Slowly, she nodded.
"How long did they hurt you, Kiri?"
"Since I was small, since mummy sold me."
"Your Mother sold you?" I said, not quite believing her.
Kiri nodded.
"I dont believe you, Kiri."
She stiffened up and looked up at both of us, ready to run I thought.  "Its
true, please believe me, Sir!"
"People dont really sell each other, especially mothers selling their
daughters."
"Mummy...sold me to a man that said he could provide for me better than she
could.  I didnt want to go but she made me.  It was so long ago but I still
remember."
"How long ago was it?"
Her face scrunched up in thought.  "Eighteen years, maybe."
"How old were you when you were taken?"
"Four."
Now I really was stunned.  Could it be true?
Ben stared at me, his expression shocked. He raised an eyebrow at me and I
shrugged in reply.  I didnt know if I believed her either.
"Kiri,  did they take you...for any particular reason?"
Kiri began an unbelievable tale of how she was raised with other girls of
various ages, taught to read and write but given no other education except for
how to give sexual pleasure.
She spoke haltingly about how she hadnt worn any clothing since she was bought
and how the many men and women who raised her used that nudity to train her. 
She touched briefly on how when she was old enough she was lent out to other men
and women for sexual purposes and returned to the island she was raised
on...kept a prisoner on.
So many people.
Ben and I listened, absolutely stunned.  I grew quite sick at the thought of
this child, a woman physically yet a child emotionally, being abused like that.
It was almost beyond belief.
When she was done, a verbal diarrhea that I think surprised even her, she just
sat and looked down at her cup.
"Kiri, how did you get away?" I asked.
"I was at the party with a woman. She, like all the others made sure I couldnt
get away by keeping me on a chain.  But she wanted to have some fun without me
so she let someone else look after me.  When that man was done he left me
unchained and wondered off."  She looked up at my face.  "For the first time in
years I was alone. I...stayed where I was for hours, thinking that if I moved I
would get into trouble. But  then after a while I grew really hungry and went to
find some food.  After that I just kept walking around looking for
my...Mistress.
Then I saw you and what you were doing to...Laura.  She was...happy.  I had
never seen anyone look so happy getting spanked like that.  It was like she
wanted it and didnt see it as a punishment at all. Then I looked at you. I saw
on your face such an expression of love for her that it took my breath away.
There was no guile, no greed, no lust like I see in your eyes right now,"  I
began to color,  "no anger or suspicion as I see in Captain Bens eyes,"  Ben
just watched her passively, his arms folded in front of him. "just love, love
for her.  I wondered if you were just pretending, how could you really do what
you appeared to be doing and still show such love. I had to see, I had to find
out if she was really getting spanked, Master."
"Im not your Master, Kiri. No one is any more."  I told her.
She took a deep breath.  "Sorry...Don."
"Go on with your story."
"Yes.  I just asked you if you were from the boat out if curiosity, I didnt
think you were actually from one.  When I left you all I could think of was how
happy your woman looked and how happy you were to be with her.
You...hadnt been treating her any differently than a lot of the ways I have
been treated, yet she was with you willingly and I could see that she loved what
you were doing.
I followed you out of the party and watched when the small boat took you away.
I...er...couldnt stay.  I couldnt go back.  I decided to swim out to your
boat, but I had to get up the nerve to leave."  She took a big swig of what was
left of her chocolate and slowly wiped away the chocolate mustache it had given
her.   "I sat on the beach for hours, scared to go back and scared to go on.   I
kept expecting Mistress to come charging up to me, screaming about how I had
escaped and how she would punish me.  I also kept seeing Lauras eyes, and her
bliss.
Before I knew it I was in the water."
I swam hard until I reached your boat, it was an easy swim, its one thing I do
very well.
I climbed aboard and got scared again. What if you just sent me back to shore
again!
I debated knocking on the door for a long time, but I knew I couldnt swim back
nor could I risk you taking me back so soon.  So I found a hiding place and got
stuck. I didnt know it was going to lock me in.  It wasnt bad at first but it
got harder to breath and...thats all I remember."
Kiri smiled at me and I knew we were in trouble.





Ben and I were sitting alone at the stern, the sail down, the boat drifting with
the ocean currents.  No land was in sight, but Ben had mentioned that it was
just over the horizon.
We had just got done telling our women what Kiri had told us, and, after looking
at us like we were idiots for leaving her alone, they both went below to comfort
her.
It was typical behavior for both women, they were the kind of people that would
bring in a bird with a broken wing and nurse it back to health.
"So." I said, staring at the horizon.
"So." Ben replied, into his second pipe of the day.
"What do we do now?"
Ben shrugged.  "That depends on if you believe her story."
"Do you?" I asked.
"I wouldnt want to risk it not being true."  he said after a good think.
"I think shes telling the truth."  I admitted.
Ben shrugged and got up, pacing the deck.
"Ben, whats bugging you?  Ever since the party youve been withdrawn, even for
you."
He looked over at me, a serious expression on his face.  "Business." he said.
I didnt buy it, he was supposed to be vacationing from business, a promise made
to Amy that he wouldnt make any calls to do with it.
We stayed silent for a little while.
"Maybe we should pass her on to the local constabulary!" I said.
"No, that would be a very bad idea." Ben replied.
"Why?"
"You heard her. Her accent tells us shes local. Her story tells us that what
ever has been going on has been operating for years.  Something that well dug in
has to have an ear or two in the local law.  If we pass her on, she may wind up
right back where she was running from."
"If we believe her story!" I said.
"Yeah, if its true."
"So what do we do then, keep her with us for the rest of our cruise?"
Ben chuckled. "I dont see the womenfolk letting us do that do you?  They feel
sorry for her right now, but just wait. That young lady just oozes sex, its not
her fault it was how she was brought up.  But soon Amy and Laura will not be
able to help themselves wondering if the girl isnt dispensing favors.  I know
it seems unlikely, but its true.  Keeping her with us will only cause
problems."
"What then, drop her off on an island somewhere?"
"No.  I have a better idea."  It couldnt have been a good idea, he didnt seem
all that thrilled by it.
"What?"
"I...met some men aboard the DreamBoat, who could help us.  Ill give them a
call."
"What men?"
Ben shook his head and went below, to use his cell phone as I later found out.




Twenty minutes later the sail was raised again and we continued on our way with
Ben at the helm.  He refused to say anything more about the DreamBoat except
that we would be meeting up with it in a couple of days to transfer Kiri to it.
It was an hour before we saw the women again, all three came up from below.  Amy
and Laura were in their red bikinis and Kiri still wore her shirt. She also
still had on her mask.
She stood between the two women, looking around with a smile.  All three of them
were smiling which was a good sign.
"Sir, can we go sit on the foredeck?"  Amy asked Ben.
Ben nodded and the women began to move.
"Wait." I said.   "Kiri, would you like us to take that mask off your face?"
"Yes, Sir. I have had it on for several days now and it itches."
"Ill meet you on the foredeck."
I went below and found the tool box, digging out the bolt cutters that Ben had
used on some of my locks.  I brought it up on deck.
The women were on the foredeck, Amy lying flat on the deck on a towel she had
brought up, Laura and Kiri on the deck chairs side by side.
I approached them and showed them the tool in my hands (the bolt cutters you
perverts).
Laura whispered to Kiri and the girl turned her head so that the lock was
visible.
As I cut through it I wondered what had been said between these three women,
they seemed obviously at ease with each other.
The hasp snapped and I lifted it away from the mask before removing the mask
itself.
Kiri looked up at me and I have to say I wasnt disappointed. 
I glanced over at Laura who was giving me an appraising look.
"Feel better?" I asked, but who was I asking.
Kiri raised a hand and rubbed her face. Her skin held an imprint of the mask,
but I figured it would fade in a short while.
"Yes, Sir." she said, smiling. "Thank you."
"You dont have to call me Sir." I said to her.
"But Sir, Laura and Amy explained to me how you and Captain Ben rule as their
Masters.  It is not for me to call you by name."
"Amy and Laura have given themselves to us by their own choice, and Ben and I
have gladly accepted the responsibility of being their Masters. But you had no
choice, and we hold no position over you.  Youre a free woman, never having to
suffer as a slave again."
"Sir, youre mistaken. I must have given you the wrong impression." Kiri said.
I frowned. "What do you mean mistaken?"
"I was not running away from my slavery, I live to serve others. I was running
away from the abuse I was forced to take.  I came to you because you showed me
at the party that there can be service without abuse, that a Master can be
caring and loving to his slave, that true happiness in slavery can be found.
Master, I came to be with you!"




End of Part 17









On the Water  part 18



I stood stunned.  Kiri risked her life to be with me?
Laura stood up, her face a dark cloud.  "Wait a minute, Honey!  I think wed
better get one thing straight!  My husband is NOT in the market for another
woman!"
"Lauras right," I added, finding my voice, "Im sorry Kiri but youre mistaken
if you think Im going to take you in.  Im sorry about your past and all, but
theres no way Im looking to add to my domestic situation."
Kiri raised an eyebrow.  "But what about Amy?  You certainly want to add HER to
your...domestic situation."
I blushed and out of the corner of my eye I could see Amy watching us.
"Thats different." Laura said defensively.
"Why?"  Kiri asked, her expression calm and friendly. "Laura, you arent happy
with the way your Master has been wanting her!"
"Thats not true. I dont mind at all."  mumbled Laura.
Kiri got up and approached my wife, her shirt falling open again. She stood
directly in front of Laura and took her by the shoulders.  "Dear Laura, its
okay.  You can be jealous, you can be angry. Its normal and its healthy for
you to feel that way.  But you need not fear me, Laura.  I am not here to steal
your Master away from you.  I can do nothing to break apart the love I see
between you, and neither do I want to.  It is true that your love for each other
is what brought me here, but I came not to take that love away, but to learn how
to love for myself!  But this thing between you and Amy and your Master, you
cant lie to me about that.  What you say is not whats in your heart.  Its in
his, but not yours.  You and Amy share a different path."
"Who are you?" I asked, not believing what I was hearing.
"I am...someone who was taught to see a persons desires, so I could better
fulfill them, Sir.  I see all that is in your eyes, your heart.  I see your love
for Laura, your lust for Amy, your lust for myself. I see Lauras love for you,
and for Amy, and her lust for Captain Ben. I see in Amy her love for you dear
Laura, and her love for Captain Ben and...something else I have yet to figure
out.  Our dear captain, he does not like me yet he too desires me. But he wants
you more Laura, almost as much as he wants this little girl of his. Captain Ben
is a powerful man, you would do well not to anger him."
We stood silent for a moment, and I looked toward the stern where Ben sat
steering the boat. He was watching us, but I knew he hadnt heard anything, we
were too far away.
I looked back at this strange woman who stood before us, unashamed of her
nakedness as her shirt flapped open in the breeze.   Who was she?
Amy got up and walked toward Kiri.  "I guess all our secrets are out in the open
now."
"No, not all."  Kiri replied with a look at Amy.
"Why did you...expose us like that?"  I asked.
"Sir, I said nothing that all of you didnt know already."  said Kiri with a bow
of her head.
I turned to look at Laura. She was watching the deck, and glanced in my
direction, then Amys.  Needless to say we all needed a little time to digest
this moment.
I could see that we were rapidly approaching the island town, a place that Kiri
might not want to be seen in.  Given her possible history I didnt want her seen
with us either.
"Kiri, go below to your cabin." I ordered.
"Yes, Sir. As you command." she said, and immediately left us.
I waited for her to leave before speaking again.  "You guys okay?"
Amy turned to me.  "So, you lust after me huh?"  she said with a smile.  She
walked away toward Ben.  I turned to Laura and met another expression, one of
fear.  "Im sorry." she said.  "Sir, may I leave?"
"Were you lying to me, about what you said to me concerning Amy?"
"Sir...Don...this really isnt the time to discuss it." she said, her eyes
lowered as if she didnt dare look in my face.
I stared at her for a moment, angry, yet not knowing the cause...well not
admitting it to myself anyway.  "Go below, our cabin. Talk to no one."
Laura nodded and padded away.  My eyes observed her bare ass, the thong of her
bikini bottom giving it no covering at all, her hair brushing against the cheeks
in a way I knew drove her nuts. But my mind was not on how sexy she looked,
instead it was on what Kiri said about Laura.  Did my wife lie to me when she
said she wanted me to move on Amy?
Who was this girl that had come into our lives?
I went aft, passing Ben and Amy who sat at the helm.  Amy looked like she was
telling Ben what had been said. I caught his eye but said nothing as I went
below.
I went to our cabin first, and found Laura curled up on the bunk. She looked
worried.
"Strip." I told her.
She quickly undid the ties that held her bikini on and soon sat naked.
"Hand."  I said, digging in the drawer that held our bondage equipment.
Laura held out one hand, nervous as to what I was planning.
I cuffed the hand with a handcuff, the other cuff passed through and locked to
the bed railing.
"Think about telling me the truth." I said, leaving her alone.
I went to the single berth, another set of handcuffs in my hand.
Kiri was also on the bunk, but she didnt look nervous or worried. She seemed
somewhat content.
"Strip!"  I ordered.
In seconds she naked, and now she looked a little apprehensive.
I cuffed her the same way I had cuffed my wife.
"Well be pulling into port soon." I told her. "Stay quiet and you wont be
discovered."
"Yes, Sir."  she answered.
I stared at her for a moment, before leaving her alone.
I went up on deck.
"Don, what did you do?"  Ben asked me.
"The girl is locked in her cabin, I dont want her wondering around the boat
while were ashore, do you?"  I asked him.
"No...I dont.  I agree."  he answered.
"Laura wont be joining us."  I added.
"Don, Amy told me what Kiri said to you all."  Ben said slowly.  "Try not to
take anything she says as gospel."
"Why not? She seems pretty accurate to me!"
"Is she?  Is she accurate about Laura?"
I looked forward at the bay we were sailing into and the town beyond.  "Thats
what I need to find out." I answered.



Our stay in town was somewhat brief, only a couple of hours.  Ben had the fuel
for the engine topped off and then we spent time resupplying our perishable
goods.
Ben and I had both pulled on shirts and shoes to go with our shorts, but all Amy
had added was a short skirt that allowed me to admire her dancers legs as we
walked through the town.
Yes, I was in lust with Amy.
I had been so ever since we really got to know each other online oh so long ago,
and now that I had met her that feeling had intensified.  As I watched her
nearly naked body dance about the crowds of locals I thought about those
feelings and if I was just kidding myself.
Would it be right to Laura to continue pursuing the possibility of something
more intimate with Amy?
If Laura really HAD a problem with me and Amy, than of course I would stop.  But
did she know what she want?
IF I listened to Kiri, thenLaura DID know what she wanted.  Amy!
Shit.
And what about Ben?  Kiri says he wants my wife and that she wants him!  But she
didnt say anything about Amy wanting me!
If Im the one with lust in my heart why do I feel that Im the only one who is
not going to get anything.
As I walked with my friends I realized that I needed to talk to Ben alone.




I got my chance before we got back to the Kajira.  We stopped at a sidewalk
cafe within sight of the boat, and Amy received instructions to go on ahead with
the supplies and get them stowed before seeing to everyones needs.
Ben and I sat and ordered coffee.
"Okay Don, whats bothering you?" he asked.
"Shit...too much and nothing at all." I replied, sipping my bitter brew.
"That narrows it down." Ben said with a smile.  "Let me guess.  Youre bugged by
our stowaways predictions.  You wonder why she didnt predict a happy liaison
between you and Amy but one between everybody else."
"Jesus, Ben!"  I said.
"What, you dont think I have a brain?  Weve spent a lot of time together my
friend. Even though we never met before this trip I know how you think.  You
think I was surprised by what she said?  Hardly.  You dont exactly keep your
emotions secret.  I know you want to bonk Amy, hell we talked about this
earlier!   And yeah, I would not mind spending a night with your wife, hell I
wouldnt mind a whole week, and now it seems she wouldnt mind either! And
youre surprised?  Wasnt it you who was  trying to push this whole situation on
us from the beginning?"
"Yeah, well.  How can anything happen now?" I said. "Who knows whats really in
Lauras head.  You know what she told me earlier?  That she WANTED me to go
ahead with Amy, but that Id have to wait for Amy to want to as well.
But now according to a woman we just met, Laura doesnt want that at all!  Laura
lied to me and Id like to know why!
Id like to know if it is true."
"And if it is?"
"I...dont know."
"Well.  At the very least lying will earn her some punishment."  Ben said
blandly.
"Oh cut that out!  This is more serious than just fun and games."
"Fun and games, Don?  This is not, and never has been, just fun and games.  You
know our history, Don, how adopting the rules and regulations of BDSM helped
pull Amy and I back from the brink.  It was what got Amy cleaned up!  That girl
was a major junkie when I found her and now shes been clean for years, all
because of these...fun and games!"
"Im sorry." I said, meaning it.
"Don, long ago when you guys asked us for help in establishing your own Dom/sub
relationship, we told you that there would be easy times and hard times.  Well
friend, this is one of the hard ones.  You guys said you were committed to this. 
Are you?"
I nodded.  I knew we were both committed to making our BDSM lifestyle work.
"Then act like it.  Find out if Laura lied to you, and punish her for that lie.
BUT, dont ignore why she lied to you.  If she really has a problem about this
trip then that is something we are all going to have to address. But dont
ignore her feelings and views.  As the dominant partner you have to be able to
take her wants and needs into account, or youre nothing but an abuser.  Youre
not an abuser Don."
"Thanks.  And if Laura wasnt lying?"
Ben paused.  "You go talk to your wife, and Ill go talk to Amy.  If the two of
them arent wholly against the possibility of  exploring our relationships
further, then later tonight I have a plan."
"What about Kiri?"  I asked.
"You got her locked up in her cabin?  Well, she can stay there."






Laura lay nude on our bunk, her hand still cuffed to the railing, her golden
hair spread out across her body.
It always struck me how incredibly beautiful she was when like this, reduced to
her basic elements.  No artificial fronts like clothes or make up to hide
behind, no civilized manners to cloud her real feelings.  A woman nude and
helpless in that nudity is one with nothing to hide.  Only then can you truly
find out about the real person.
She looked up at me, her expression one of worry. Wisely she said nothing.
At that moment I doubted what I had come here to do.  Ben said that the path we
had chosen to take had to be walked to the end or the journey was worthless.  I
had to be Lauras Dom, as well as her husband.
I pulled myself together.
"Okay, lets hear it."  I said. "I know youve probably been rehersing in your
head what you want to say to me."
"I love you."  she said to me, hesitating at first but building in confidance as
she continued.  "I also love Amy, but not like I love you.  Were like sisters,
but you know that dont you."
I nodded.
"What I told you about Amy and I fantasizing about each other is true, and about
everything between us on this trip as well.   What wasnt true was how easy it
is for me to think of you and her together.  Im jealous...of your attraction to
her. I know you love me and I know that I still come first with you, but its
hard thinking of you and her together, her with that tight little body that I
wish I could slim down to."
She paused, and looked away.
I sat for a moment with her, and heard the engine start up as Ben prepared to
set sail.
I waited until the boat began moving before speaking.
"Laura, I do love you and you know you have no reason to doubt that love.  But
as Ben reminded me earlier we have chosen a lifestyle where lying, for either of
us, isnt an option any more.
I understand your feelings, your doubts, and well address them.  But you do
realize that I cant let the lie go unpunished."
"Yes, Sir." she said, looking down.
"As for Amy and me, if you want it not to happen, it wont. But make up your
mind."
Laura sighed, and climbed off the bunk.  It was awkward with her hand cuffed to
the rail but she got down on her knees and assumed her Total Slave position,
knees wide, hands behind her head, eyes on my crotch.
"Master," she said, "this slave submits to you totally, and will not protest any
decision Master makes, ANY decision!"
I took a deep breath, and made a decision.  "So be it!"




Once we cleared the bay, Ben ordered Amy to strip, and with a look at me she did
so.
We were all at the stern of the Kajira, Laura having been left below with
orders to remain kneeling.
I had nodded to Ben when I came up on deck, and now he was preparing to turn the
helm over to me. 
"Just follow the course changes and watch for rocks." he said.  "It should only
take us an hour to get there.  Ill be back by then." 
I nodded and took the wheel in my hands, watching the compass and the map.
Ben and Amy went below.
Alone on deck I had time to think.  I had expected that Laura and I would
discover something about ourselves on this trip, but it was turning out to be
one of the defining moments of our lives.
I wondered about those who found it easy to be casually intimate beyond their
life partners.
I remembered one guy I met online who bragged about how he and his wife were not
afraid to try anything!  From swinging at BDSM parties to dogs, from stripping
live in clubs to meeting the navy for sailor gang bangs, this couple loved to
try it all.
I often wondered how they found it so easy.
Maybe if Laura and I lived in a more permissive part of the country, where we
could share our kink with others at Munches and the like, the thought of
sharing ourselves might be easier to handle.  But that just wasnt the way it
was at home.  We were alone there, our only contact with like minds coming over
our computer.
For all we knew half the town might be into the same things we were, but no one
was talking.
Yes, some people found it very easy.
I wondered if Kiri found it easy.  How many people had she been forced to
service over the years?   Her story was incredible and I still didnt know
whether to believe it or not.
If it was true...
What horrors!
Ben came up just as we were rounding a large island.  He took the helm from me
and steered us toward a sandy shoreline.
I watched him for clues as to how it went with Amy, but he gave away nothing.
"We can barbecue on the beach." he said.  "I have Amy preparing the food right
now.  She could use a little help or is Laura permanently resigned to cabin
duty?" Ben asked with a slight smile.
"I can let her go." I said.
"Good.   So, was it a lie?" he asked.
I nodded.
"When are you planning on taking care of it?"
"Tonight, sometime."
"Its best you do it soon, dont let it fester."
"I will." I said, looking up at him. 
He nodded.  "Perhaps after we can play with that new toy we bought at the
party."
I chuckled.  "You sure Laura will be up to it?"
"I think she will."  Ben said, smiling.





We anchored close off shore and I went below to free my wife.  "Total Slave,
rules." I told her.
"Yes, Master."  she replied, and crawled on all fours out of the cabin.
I went to see our guest.
She sat cross legged naked on her bunk, her hand still cuffed to the rail as I
had left her.  Her eyes were closed and she looked like she was meditating.
Her position left little to the imagination.
"Wake up!" I said, a little harsher than I had intended.
She opened her eyes, but didnt curl up as any other woman might have done
having been suddenly caught in such a revealing position.
Maybe she WAS telling the truth about having been nude for most of her life, she
certainly hadnt shown us any of the unconscious mannerisms that betray our
socially imprinted modesties.
I unlocked her cuffs and tossed her the shirt we had given her.  This time she
put it on but she still didnt button it.  I waited until she had it on and
cuffed her hands together in front of her.  As I did so I thought that if she
was telling us the truth that I had no right subjecting her to further
discipline, but to be honest I didnt trust her.
"I dont trust you." I said to her, at the same time wondering why I was giving
her the run of the boat again.
"I know, Sir."
I glared at her.  "Cut that crap out as well.  No more unwanted revelations from
you, understand?"
"Yes, Sir. As you command." she said, bowing her head.
"Go help the women." I ordered and left the cabin.
On deck once again,  I helped Ben launch our row boat and we went ashore.  We
gathered together enough wood for a decent camp fire and prepared a picnic site
before heading back to the boat.
As we boarded the Kajira I said to Ben "Im going to need that cane again."






All five of us were on the stern.  Ben sat at the helm, pipe in his mouth, Amy
kneeling on the deck at his feet.   Kiri knelt next to the hatch in her shirt,
cuffed wrists laying on her lap.  I stood next to my wife who was bent over the
railing on side of the boat, her wrists bound to her feet forcing her bare ass
up high.
Everyone looked apprehensive about what was about to happen, including Ben. 
Kiri looked a little confused as well, but said nothing.
I held the cane in my hand, and stood ready.  My heart thumping in my chest.  I
also envied those folk who did this for pleasure, how they found this easy I
dont know.
"Laura," I said, "before I start I just want to make sure that you understand
why Im doing this.  Im punishing you for lying to me, but not for what you
lied to me about.  I hope you can appreciate the difference."
Gagged, Laura couldnt voice her reply, so instead she nodded.
"Five strokes." I told her, and heard Amy suck in a breath.  I looked over at
Amy.  She alone here knew what five strokes of the cane would be like.  Then I
caught Kiris eye, and saw that she too must have experienced the cane at some
point.
I took my stance, and began.
I swung hard, placing each blow with frightening precision.  Each swing elicited
a muffled cry from Laura and I had to steal myself for the next one.
The last one I lay in diagonally, crossing the previous four stripes. I knew
that the double struck areas would burn even hotter.
Once done I handed the cane back to Ben who took it below.  Laura I left where
she was, crying softly into her gag.
I looked down at Amy who knelt naked on the deck, her eyes lowered.
"Doing that isnt easy." I said to her, wanting to purge the guilt I felt at
hurting my wife.
"Receiving it isnt either...Sir."  Amy said.
Ben came back up.  "Lets go." he ordered.  He and the two women piled into the
row boat and he took them ashore.  The plan was for them to start cooking right
away while I waited onboard with Laura.
I padded over and took a look at her buttocks.  The single stripe I had laid on
her a few days before was still visible, but the five I had just placed on her
seemed to glow against her skin.  Her normally tanned behind seemed white as a
ghost against the marks.
I wondered how it felt.
I didnt want to know.
Presently I let her go, removing all her bonds.   I could see that she wanted to
rub her ass but held off doing so.
Instead I took her in my arms and held her tightly, letting her cry it all out.
I wanted to tell her I was sorry, but that would have undermined the discipline
we were seeking, so instead I just told her how beautiful she was and how much I
loved her.
In the end she calmed down and we kissed, long and passionately.
Her nude body rubbed against my shirtless one and I felt my passion rise at the
feel of her soft body, her breasts pushing into my chest and rubbing themselves
on the thick hair.
Our passions grew and soon we dropped to our knees, and then our backs.
Laura winced as she put weight on her butt and I rolled over so she could be on
top.
Wordless she undid the fastener of my shorts and pulled them off me, climbing
back onto my body as soon as she could.   She dove onto me, her lips finding
mine, a probing tongue pushing its way deep into me.
I caressed her back and her breasts, carefully kneading those soft mounds as I
enjoyed how her groin rubbed against mine.
Laura was panting now, her eyes closed. She raised her hips and surrounded me in
a single stroke making me almost cum right there.
We moved together in passion, our hearts meeting as we made love on the bare
deck.  She rode me like a rodeo star, eyes tight shut and singing her song of
love.  I watched in amazement as she began to cum, then lost control myself as
my own orgasm overtook me.
It felt like forever until it ended and when done I lay tired and sore on the
deck.
Laura wasnt done though, she continued to stroke me slowly until her own climax
ended, before collapsing on my chest.
Her legs, which had been straddling my body, moved down and straightened so that
she lay full on top of me.  What she hadnt done was pull herself off me, I was
still nestled comfortably inside her, our juices mixing.
As our breathing relaxed I held her close to me, and Laura began to cry again. 
I cant say I understood, but that was okay.  She could cry all she wanted to,
she was my wife, and I loved her.




End of Part 18





On the Water  part 19




Hot dogs were on the menu tonight, and with this family food a family atmosphere
of sorts began to fill the uncomfortable void between us all.
After looking dubiously at her food Kiri told us that she had never had hot dogs
before, which prompted more questions about her unusual past from the ladies.
Ben and I quickly put a stop to that topic however, preferring to stay away from
what ever this intruder had to say.  Instead conversation rotated around the
trip so far and what plans Ben had for the rest of the cruise.  Nothing was said
about Lauras punishment, nor how she lay in the sand face down, her newly
striped buttocks on display in the growing darkness.
Ben was evasive about our short term future, but not in a bad way.  He smiled a
lot and made cryptic references to other islands we were to go to and human
sacrifices and other unusual past times.  Amy teased him gently and Ben smiled
at her in a rare show of his deep affection for her.  It wasnt that the man
didnt have emotions, it was just that he was a lot more restrained in how he
showed them, especially in our mixed company.
It was after all our wieners had been eaten (the hot dogs folks) and wed had
time to digest when Ben winked at me.  It was time to play.
I kinda wondered about doing so with Kiri with us, but it had been an unusual
day and we all needed the release.
"You ladies stay here," Ben ordered, getting up and dusting sand from his pants,
"We have some stuff
to collect from the boat."
The women watched curiously as Ben and I rowed out to the Kajira and loaded
some items we had stored in a locked locker on the deck.
When we got back they were even more curious because they couldnt readily
identify one of the things we had brought.
Ben and I laid out in the sand a large sheet of bright red latex shaped into a
circle about eight feet in diameter, unfolding it carefully from the tight
package it had been stored in.
"We bought this at the party, we thought you might like it."  I told them.
"What is it?" Laura asked, her upper body supported by her elbows giving me a
wonderful look at her generous cleavage.
"Youll see, slave girl!"  I chuckled and Laura smiled, her first real smile
since we came ashore before dinner.
I picked about the edge of the circle while Ben put together another piece of
equipment.  Finding the fold I was looking for I  began to peel the circle in
half edgewise, revealing that it was made of many layers of plastic rather than
just one.
It didnt peel all the way though, just enough to reveal a sleeping bag sized
pocket going down the middle.
Ben brought over some plastic tubing attached to small masks and we were ready
to begin.
"Amy, front and center!" Ben yelled smartly, and just as smartly the naked girl
jumped up and knelt before him, a smile on her face.
Ben grinned and crouched down.  "This wont hurt." he said.  He took one of the
masks and fitted it over her nose. The mask held two black plastic tubes in her
nostrils, tubes that were fairly stiff  but flexible enough to bend as we needed
them.  The tubes were long enough to bend and drape over her head.
"In, feet first." he said and with a look of understanding, Amy slid into the
pouch I had made in the latex circle.  She had evidently caught on that this was
some kind of latex bondage device, the tubes in her nose there for her to
breath.
Laura and Kiri had also caught on, but Laura was surprised when I called her
over.
She came over slowly and again I wondered if she could handle this in her
recently caned condition.  So did she!
"Sir?"  she said, looking at where Amy lay face up in the plastic shell I held. 
That we were planning on putting both women inside at the same time was now
obvious.
"If you dont feel up to it, let me know now." I said softly, wondering how her
butt must feel.
She looked uncertainly at Amy, then smiled.  "Itll be fun in there with her.
Ill do it!"
I laughed and Ben fitted her with a nose mask like Amys.
Laura began to gingerly crawl in feet first like Amy did when I stopped her.
"Head first," I said with a smile, "and lie on top of Amy."
Laura giggled and turned around, lying on top of her friend belly to belly.
Amy alternated between a grin and a frown as my wife settled on her and gazed up
at Lauras feet.
"A small adjustment." I told them, grabbing Lauras ankles and pulling until
Lauras groin reached Amys face.
Behind her mask Amy looked startled and she looked to Ben for conformation.
He just laughed.  "We thought you ladies might like some quality time with each
other!"
"Oh...Thank you, Sir!" Amy said slowly and  Laura looked over her shoulder with
a grin.  Her face would also be in Amys snatch.
"Laura, feel ahead with your hands to the bottom of the pouch, there should be a
small hole, do you feel it?"  I asked.
"Yes, Sir." she said after a moment. 
"Take the hoses coming from your nose and push the ends through that hole."
After a pause she said she had done so.
"Can you breath okay though your nose?"
"Yes, Sir!"
"How about you, Amy?"
"Fine, Sir."
"Okay girls, find a comfortable place to put your arms and get busy!"  I
chuckled.
With a smile and a laugh both women began to do in front of us something they
had only done once before in private.  That they were doing it at all right now
was amazing.
I looked over at Ben who must have had the same thought, for he winked at me and
dragged over a final piece of equipment.
I pulled the tubes Amy needed to breath through out so the ends stuck out beyond
the edge of the latex disk. Then I walked around until I found the tubes Laura
was breathing though and attached a special clip to them so that they wouldnt
accidentally pull back.
Ben was fitting a hose from the scuba air tank we had brought over to a hidden
fitting in the latex and opened the valve.
There was a hissing noise and the latex began to ripple for a few seconds before
rising like a cake.  Unknown to the women inside the latex sheet was made of
more layers than they thought.
As the mound grew I happened to look over at Kiri who knelt by the fire, her
hands still cuffed in front of her.  She watched us all with a casual smile and
I wondered what her fingers were doing down in her lap.
Turning back to the ladies in the latex I could see that the mound had grown
into a hemisphere, a bright red dome on the sandy shore of this tropical island.
The place where the women had crawled in had self sealed as the dome took shape,
but it wasnt done.  I attached a similar clip to Amys breathing tubes as I had
to Lauras.
Ben, watching the pressure gauge on the tanks kept the air flowing, and the dome
began to lift as the latex under it filled.
Up, like a growing balloon which technically this was, rose the dome which now
resembled a half  inflated eight foot ball, which technically this also was.
As the air pressure grew the ball took on its shape, lifting the women inside
and trapping them together in a special pocket right in the middle.  The
position we had placed them in would now be impossible for them to change, they
now had no choice but to live with each others faces in their crotches.
I hoped they enjoyed it!
Once the ball was complete Ben let the pressure build up inside for a minute and
then shut off the valve, detaching the hose so the ball lay free of everything.
"Man that looks cool!"  I said, smiling.
Ben laughed.  "Lets make sure theyre still alive!"
The clips I had placed on the ends of the air hoses were colored blue, so
finding them on the red background of the ball was easy.  I put my ear to one
and heard the labored breathing of one of the women.  Ben, who had listened to
the other hose, gave me a thumbs up. Both women were still functioning.
"How long do we give them?" I asked.
"Twenty minutes this first time." he said.
I nodded and cautiously began pushing on the ball. The surface was quite solid
and it rolled easily at my touch.
"Care for a game?" I said, and rolled the ball a few feet in Bens direction.
From deep inside I thought I heard squeals of indignation.  I ignored them.
"Sure!" he said with a smile, and he and I rolled the ball between us, tumbling
the women in their prison over and over.
At one point I swore I heard a scream from inside and Ben chuckled.  "No matter
what I do I just cant get her to be quiet when she cums!"
I laughed.
Presently the time was up and we positioned the ball in as close an
approximation of its original position as we could and Ben let the air out.
The women we dragged out were flushed, sweaty and grinning like maniacs. Lauras
grin had a touch of pain added.
"Damn that was hard on my ass!" she exclaimed, "But that was some VERY intense
bondage!!
"No kidding!" Amy added, her face glistening with Lauras juices.  "Wow!"
"Did either of you cum?" I asked innocently.
 Both women looked sheepish.  "Do we have to tell you EVERYTHING, Sir?"  Amy
said, beginning to blush.
We all laughed.
"Who wants to go again?" Ben said with a big smile.  "We have air enough for one
more try."
"Id love to but I think Im going to sit this one out, no lie this one out." 
Laura replied.
"Sure!" Amy said, volunteering. "Only this time for longer?  Please?"
Ben nodded and Amy dove back in, shortly to be suspended alone inside the eight
foot sphere.
"So thats what happened!"  Laura said, standing next to the towering ball.
"Couldnt you tell?"  I asked.
"God, you couldnt tell anything except that up wasnt always in the same
direction.  It was so tight in there, pressed hard against Amy and my mouth was
full of...her!"  She blushed.
I laughed again and watched as Laura rolled Amy around the beach.
"Kiri!"  she yelled. "Come play!"
Kiri got up on her feet smiling, and I could see she was glad to be finally
invited to join in.
Perhaps I had been too hard on her, after all she was only doing what she had
been trained to do.  If only it hadnt started out so scary!
Ben and I sat down by the fire and watched the women play as the last of the
suns light faded from the sky.  In the fire light Lauras naked body looked
like that of a wild woman, her long hair flying about as she moved, the stripes
on her butt like war paint of an unusual sort.  Kiri looked like a sex kitten,
her unbuttoned shirt flapping about her body both revealing the treasures
beneath and hiding them.
The women laughed as they played on the beach, and I hoped that poor Amy trapped
in the middle didnt get sick from all the moving about.
Eventually we let her out though and taught the women how to fold up the ball
and put it in its carrying case.
Then we sat or laid around the fire once more, relaxed in each others company. 
We even took off Kiris hand cuffs and with our permission she took off her
shirt.
"I feel very strange with it on." she told us.  "It feels so wrong to wear it,
we were never allowed but the briefest of coverings."
We watched the stars and talked of inconsequential things, Kiri asking questions
of life beyond the islands which we did our best to answer.
She also asked what was to become of her, but all Ben told any of us was that we
would be met here in a couple of days by some people who would be able to look
after Kiri and see that she was introduced to normal life successfully.
It was a cryptic answer, but Ben had his reasons for playing close to his chest.
Too bad I didnt know what they were at the time.
Eventually it was time to head back to the boat.  Laura and I debated sleeping
on the beach but the sand flies were getting pretty active so we decided against
it.  Besides our relatively soft bunk would be kinder to Lauras welts.
And so, once again, the Kajira rocked us all to sleep.




We were boarded in the early hours of the morning.
I woke to find two hooded men standing in our small cabin, each holding hand
guns.
Laura, as usual was sleeping nude with her hands bound behind her, she could not
protect herself from the eyes of the men and she rolled against me.
I too was nude, but at least I had my hands free.
"Who are you?" I asked.
"Shut up.  Get out of bed, both of you!"
I crawled out.  "Let me get something for us to wear." I said.
"No, get her out of bed!"
"At least let me untie her hands."
"No!"
Quite afraid, for Laura more than myself, I helped my wife out of the bunk. 
When she was standing she turned to face me, burying her body against mine.
One of the men grabbed her shoulder and pulled her away, spinning her to face
them.
"Hey!" I yelled.
One of them raised his gun and the step I was going to take never came.
The men regarded my beautiful nude wife for a moment then looked at each other.
Then one of them stepped out of the cabin.
"Follow!" ordered the one who remained and we did so, Laura walking in front of
me.
As I passed the man he ordered me to stop and in seconds had my hands bound
behind my back with a plastic cable tie.
Now as much as I like bondage I hate being bound myself, this was looking worse
and worse.
We kept going and were led up on deck.  A larger cruiser was parked next to us
with more men aboard, all hooded to mask their identities.   All stopped talking
to look at my wife and in the light from the mast head I could see her tear up
in humiliation. I wanted to comfort her, but there was nothing I could do.
A few seconds later two more men came up from below with Kiri between them,
nude, with her hands fastened behind her with a cable tie like my own.  She also
wore a leather bag over her head, blinding her totally.
One of the men stepped forward.  "Bitch, you should have known better!" he said
to her.
Her body stiffened and I knew then that these men werent pirates, they were
monsters of a different sort.  They had come for their property, they had come
for Kiri.
From below came yet another group.  Two masked men with Amy and Ben in tow.
Amy had hand cuffs on, keeping her hands behind her while Ben was cable tied
like me.  Both were nude, and Ben looked groggy from a blow to the head, a line
of blood coming from one side.
The men all looked at Amy for a moment and then continued what they were doing.
We watched silently as the man who had spoken to Kiri issued orders in Spanish
to the others, and Ben and I were separated from our women.
"Wait a minute!" I yelled.  "You got what you came for, let us go!"
"Shut up." one of them told me.
"We dont know who you are!  You can let us go without any problems."
One of the men moved and I got my own blow to the head.  As the stars circled we
were both lifted into the row boat and before we knew it we were rowed ashore.
By the time I came to my senses we had been dumped on the beach.
"Hey!" Ben began to yell, and I joined in.  We watched helplessly as the row
boat was pulled and stored in its usual place on the roof.  We could do nothing
as our frightened women were sent below accompanied by two men. We were
powerless to prevent Kiri being transferred to the other boat.   We were crying
as both vessels left the bay, leaving us alone and taking away the people that
mattered most to us in the world.




Ben and I spent the next day and night alone on the island, surviving on the
little food and water we had left on the beach after our dinner the night
before.
We had to help each other to eat and drink for there was nothing on the island
that could cut through the tough plastic that bound our hands behind us.
We didnt talk much, attempts to bolster our spirits having fallen flat almost
from the start, although Ben did say one thing, a vow of sorts.
"When we find her," he said, obviously speaking of Amy, "Im going to marry
her."
I gave him what little encouragement I could manage and we continued on,
thinking about our companions, and what horrors they were now being subjected
to.  Were they now a part of the slavery ring?  Would we ever see them again or
would they be sold off to prostitute themselves for their captors?
Many times we caught each other and ourselves weeping.
The only thing we had to look forward to was the arrival of the DreamBoat.  We
figured we could survive until then.
Sure enough in the morning of our second day the big yacht motored into the bay.
Ben and I stood jumping on the beach, mindful that without the Kajira to mark
our position Townsend might just keep on going.
But someone saw us and presently the motor launch with Townsend himself aboard
hit the beach.
"What happened?  Wheres your boat, Old Boy?"  he said, taking in our
frightening condition.
"Long story." Ben said.
"Where are the ladies?"
"Taken, by the same people that kept that girl I told you about."
"My word!  Lets get you both back to my yacht!"
There was nothing aboard the launch that would cut our bondage but once aboard
Townsends yacht we were freed and allowed to clean up.
We told Townsend all that had happened to us and he left us to make a few calls.
"Finding your boat has to be a priority!" he said.  "It might lead us to the
slavers."
Ben and I were doubtful, but there was not much else to do.  Dressed again in
clothes supplied by our host we wondered the big boat, now empty of most of the
partiers Ben had seen on it earlier.  All that was left was the crew and a small
group of Townsends personal staff, in other words his own submissive
companions.  Even his wife was gone, although I did get a peak at the school
room where Amy had spent a few hours.
It was a small distraction, nothing could stir the worry we felt from our
hearts.
Nothing but some news from Townsend many hours later.
"I think your boat was spotted, Chaps!"  he said after calling us to the bridge. 
"An air charter flight spotted a yacht following your description drifting near
an island about six hours away from here, Ive ordered us to set sail!"
"Thank you!" Ben told him, shaking his hand as if he had granted us immortality.
The six hours that followed were the tensest of our lives.  The DreamBoat
moved swiftly toward our goal but not swift enough in our estimation.  We
figured the chances of Laura and Amy still being aboard were slight to nil, but
even that slim chance kept us going.
As we cruised I wondered aloud if anyone had called the police.
"No point, Old Boy.  Law enforcement around here is probably in bed with these
fellows for them to be able to operate.  Besides, we have our own little network
that suites us just fine."
Townsend said.
"Whos we?"  I asked.
No one answered that one.
It was getting dark as we approached the position where the Kajira had been
reported, and soon our only clue as to  what was out there came from the radar
on the bridge.
Our excitement rose as first the huge mass of an island appeared on the screen
and then the small blip of  a boat floating close to it.
The Captain of the DreamBoat was going over some charts and ordered the yacht
to stand to.
"What?"  Whats going on?"  Ben asked.
"Reefs." said the Captain.  "Our draft is too deep to get much closer, the ocean
floor is pretty shallow for miles. Youll have to take the launch."
"Right!" said Townsend, a determined look on his face.
After the big yacht anchored we jumped in the launch and headed out in the
direction of the blip on the radar.  It was so dark we could see nothing on the
water although the outline of  the nearby island could be seen from the stars it
blotted out.
Thirty minutes of traveling before we found her, a dark shape in the water.
It was the Kajira.
Trembling we boarded her, and I wanted to shout out Lauras name to see if she
was here. But by agreement we all stayed quiet.  The slavers could still be
aboard and we wanted to surprise them the same way they surprised us.  To this
end Townsend had armed us all, and surprisingly Ben seemed quite at home with
the hand gun he had been given.  Me, I was unused to the cold metal object in my
hand and wondered if I would have the guts to use it.
Townsend himself carried a light machine gun of some sort.
We crept aboard and went below, the hatch open and the boat dark.
Nothing was on, not even the little lights on the control panel at the
navigation station.
We quickly checked each cabin, only to find them all empty.
The news was a great blow to us all.
"Im sorry, Chaps."  Townsend said, patting me on the shoulder.
I felt empty, like someone had punched me in the gut.  I sat in the booth and
wondered what I was going to do without Laura at my side.
I also mourned for the beautiful Amy, and for my friend next to me whos loss
equaled mine.
To be honest at that point I couldnt have cared less where Kiri was.  I wished
I had never met her.
While I sat and cried once more, Ben collapsed at the navigation station, his
face an echo of our feelings.
Townsend stood on the lower level, looking about.
There was a grinding noise from below.
"The reef."  he said.  "Say, is this boat listing?"
Ben looked up slowly.  "The bilge pumps must be off." he said without emotion. 
Absentmindedly he flicked a couple of switches on the panel in front of him but
everything stayed dark.
"We had better do something or you will loose this boat to the reef."  Townsend
said determinedly.  "Come on Chaps, some work will help you cope."
"I dont care."  Ben said.
"Nonsense!  Lets bring the Kajira back to life!"
Ben sighed and stood up. "They must have disconnected the batteries." he said.
I watched as he went forward to the door of his cabin and messed around with the
deck. "Anyone got a flashlight?"  he asked.
Townsend held his ready and Ben lifted the cover that led to the bilge spaces.
"Oh my God!  Don, get over here!"
The urgency of his call stirred me into action.  I moved quickly to his side and
gasped at what I saw below our feet.
It was Amy, almost completely wrapped in rope except for her head, bound in a
very tight hog-tie.  A large gag held her mouth wide open, filling it completely
with cloth.  Her eyes were wide and frightened and from her could be heard only
the faintest of moans.  The reason she was frightened was because while she lay
on her back, she was floating in the slowly filling bilge water which by this
time was lapping at the sides of her face.
Townsend moved his light and I could see the knees of someone else further in
the tiny compartment.
"Laura!"  I yelled.
I couldnt hear her if she replied, but the knees moved ever so slightly. She
looked bound the same way Amy was.
Ben carefully climbed down, talking to Amy and assuring her she would be
alright.  He felt around her and then lifted her out of the water.
Townsend and I pulled up the dead weight that was Amy and her waterlogged ropes
and got her out on the deck of the galley.
The ropes looked awfully tight on her, possibly cutting off her circulation in
places, but before we could release her we had to get Laura out.
Ben had pulled her under the hatchway after checking her over and with his great
strength he lifted her up so we could grab her.
Laura didnt weigh  much more than Amy but it was an effort to pull her out.  In
seconds though she was on the deck beside her friend and we began cutting the
ropes that bound them.
While Townsend and I worked, Ben climbed out and started on their gags.  He
pulled out what looked like yards of material from Amys mouth before moving on
to Laura, and the nude young woman coughed and cried as she slowly uncurled.  I
wondered how long these women had been bound like that.
Laura too coughed and cried as the ropes and gag came off and I took her in my
arms while she found her voice.
"I thought we were dead." she whispered.
"Its okay, youre safe now." I said to her, checking her over for injuries
while I hugged her close.
"I thought we were dead."  she repeated, and with Ben and Amy mirroring our
actions, we sat and cried with happiness, together again.




End of Part 19





On the Water  part 20




"They didn't do anything to us!"  Amy told us.
We were aboard the 'DreamBoat' eating breakfast in Townsend's private dining
room.  We had all spent the night aboard at Townsend's insistence, not that we
had needed much urging.  The 'Kajira' was not only without power but  her
batteries had been stolen and her engine missing some vital parts.  Except for
her sails she wasn't going anywhere without help.
Help she got in the form of some of Townsend's crew, working from the launch to
tow the 'Kajira' off the reef and into deeper water where the 'DreamBoat' lay
waiting.  Now she was under tow behind us, an extension cord running between the
two boats so her bilge pumps could run and drain the hull.
We were told that she had suffered just slight damage banging around all that
coral and there was a small leak below the waterline.  Townsend was taking us to
a dry dock facility where she could be repaired.
"Just a day's work!" he had told us. "I've called ahead and alerted my chaps. 
Good fellows, they'll see you alright and back in the water by sun down."
Ben and I appreciated his help, we both figured we would have our hands full
dealing with the trauma our women suffered at the hands of their kidnappers,
only it worked out there wasn't much trauma to be dealt with.
It seemed that apart from a general scare they were fine.
"All they did was lock us up in our bedroom with our hands tied above us to the
rings in the ceiling," Amy went on saying as we all sat and ate, it was the
first time we had come together to talk about it, "then they gagged us with
those God awful cloth gags and went away!"
Laura picked up the narrative as she picked at her food. "Every once and a while
some one would come in and stare at us, and each time they did I would think
that this was it!
When they did eventually come in and take us down it was actually a relief
because we were practically hanging by our arms by that time, I knew I couldn't
stand on my toes any longer!  But then as they carried us out I was afraid that
now they were going to rape us. Instead they tied us up in those very tight
hogties and threw us in the hold!"
"Bilge space."  Ben corrected.
"What ever!"  Laura snapped back.
Ben raised an eyebrow and Laura glanced at him. "Sorry." she said.
"I understand."  Ben replied.
"Go on." I said to her.
Laura took a deep breath but it was Amy who went on.  "At first it wasn't too
bad, I know I've certainly been tied up in worse.  I heard the engine shut off
and the men messing with it for a while and the sound of another boat along
side.  It was so dark in the bilges that it was like being blind folded, and you
know how that seems to make your hearing better."
Laura nodded.
"After a bit all the sounds of the men moving around slowly stopped and I heard
the boat go away, then all that remained was the sound of the ocean against the
hull and sometimes a thump from below.  I figured they had left us some place
shallow which calmed me down. If we were by an island there was a much better
chance of being found."
"How did you find us?"  Laura asked, and I told her about the plane spotting
them adrift.
"The only scary part was when the water began rising." Amy said. "I kept praying
and wishing for you to come. When I finally heard you come aboard I began
screaming but we were gagged so well you didn't hear us.  I was never so glad in
my life to see Ben open that hatch cover!"  Amy smiled broadly at Ben who hugged
her, kissing the top of her head.
I watched them, smiling as did Laura. We had our own tender reunion last night,
and knew just how they felt.
Ben caught my eye and I raised my eyebrows, a questioning look in my eyes.  Ben
caught my meaning and nodded. Then, with a gallant motion, he slipped off his
chair onto one knee. "Amy, I've been thinking a lot about this already, and I
know that this is something we haven't really needed to do in the past, but it's
something I need to do...I want to do right now.  Amy, will you marry me?"
Amy stared at Ben, a completely dumbfounded expression on her face.  Beside me
Laura gasped and took my hand.
I smiled as Amy's face lit up and she dropped to the floor with Ben and gave him
a big kiss.
"Of course I'll marry you you big lug! Don't you know how long I've waited for
you to ask!"
Laura began to laugh, her happiness at the moment we had just witnessed pushing
the trauma of events past out of her mind.  She went over to Amy and Ben and
hugged them both, kissing both of them with equal abandon.
I was just as happy, but a little more restrained in my show of affection.  Ben
got a slap on the back and handshake, while Amy got a chaste kiss on the cheek. 
In the back of my mind a little voice told me that this was the end of any
chance with Amy, I told it to shut up and stop being so selfish.
In the midst of our celebrating Townsend came in, looking rather puzzled at us
all.   Ben announced the good news and our host began to beam.
"If you don't feel like waiting I'm sure our Captain will be honored to perform
the ceremony!"  he said with a grin.
Ben chuckled.  "No offense Phil, but we're going to do this one right back home.
I think we can wait for a while longer."
Townsend laughed.  "Well if you get the urge you know where the bridge is."
As Townsend joined us to eat we all talked more about the wedding, the happy
couple trying to decide a date.  One firm decision was made on the spot though,
Laura and I would be Maid of Honor and Best Man respectively.
The honor was truly ours.
Eventually the women begged to leave to go explore the yacht a little and so
only us men remained. The jovial atmosphere went with them for Ben had a
question for our host.
"Phil, now that the women are safe, I feel I can devote some energy into finding
out what I'm about to ask you."
"What's that, Dear Boy?"  Townsend replied, sipping at a tea cup.
"How did they know where to find us?"
Townsend put his cup down.  "Yes, I was wondering when you were going to ask
that."  he said.
"Well?" Ben asked, not looking at our host but with an air of menace that seemed
to come out of nowhere.  Well, perhaps not nowhere.  I remembered Kiri's words
about Ben being a powerful man, and my time alone with him trapped on that
island had allowed me to see some of this power charge up.
"I have some theories, but nothing concrete." said Townsend.
"Try me!"  Ben ordered.  "I called you. You named the meeting spot.  No one on
my boat talked to anyone else, not that they knew the spot until we got there
anyway. It had to be someone on your side!"
"Not necessarily, Mr Lane.  You did talk to me via your cell phone, and those
can be monitored with the right equipment."
"You're telling me our white slavers are running around like James Bond tapping
phones?"
"It's one possibility, Sir."  Townsend answered. 
I could see that Ben was quite angry, and to be honest I was curious myself as
to how we had been found, although I hadn't really given it any thought up to
now, being more concerned with the well being of my wife.
Ben looked at me, then at Townsend.
"Don, could you leave us alone for a while?  I have some private business to
discuss with Phil here."  Ben said to me.
"Sure." I said, wondering what private business he was talking about.
I got up and left the two men alone together.




Now at a loose end, I wondered where the women were. Probably in one of our
cabins chatting about wedding plans I thought.
I wandered along a few passageways, debating on whether I wanted to go outside,
when I came across the cabin that had been converted into a school room.
Wanting a closer look I went in and marveled at the detail.  The desks looked
old and very authentic, with the carvings of what looked like generations of
kids covering most of the surfaces.  On the walls were various maps and posters,
none of which were out of place in this stern setting. In one corner was a
clothes rack with an English teacher's gown (similar to an American graduation
gown) hanging on it. On the Teacher's desk at the front of the class lay  a
cane, longer than Ben's it looked smooth from a lot of use and I wondered how
many bottoms it had serviced over the years.
In one corner of the room was a set of double doors and I opened them, curious
to see where they led. 
It was a walk in closet. One side had shelves filled with books, the other side
had various bondage toys hanging from hooks.  Not exactly standard in most
schools I thought.
I looked at the books and discovered multiple copies of a lot of different
titles, these were obviously used as text books for the various "classes" that
were held here.  Some were standard texts, Geography, French, Latin, Poetry, all
in fairly good condition although some were rather old. Other books would not
have been found in any class of my youth, except perhaps hidden deep out of
sight of the teacher. There were copies of the Karma Sutra and other Sex Ed
publications, along with fictional erotic literature with a definite BDSM bent. 
I ran my fingers past copies of "The Story of O" and the collected works of
PeterLoaf. There was also a full collection by some hack who called himself
Leviticus', I've read him, terrible stuff. Oddly enough, there were no copies of
any of the John Norman "Gor" novels, whoever stocked this cupboard had some
taste at least.
I DID smile with satisfaction at an old favorite, "Tessa, the Beckoning Breeze"
by Lyn Davenport. It had been the first BDSM novel I had ever read, and
continued to be a favorite (A real book and author, check it out!).
I had sat down on a stack of big encyclopedias to page through a copy when I
heard the outer door open.  I had only opened one of the double doors to come in
and a gust of air must have pushed it because it swung slowly closed, stopping
short of shutting completely. From where I sat in the now dark closet I could
still see most of the front portion of the room, but not toward the doorway
where the new comers were.
"So this is where it happened?"  I heard a familiar voice say.
"Yeah, you should have been here, it would have been fun having you along side
me." replied the other voice I expected.  It was of course Laura and Amy.
I was going to get up and let them know I was there but something kept me in my
seat.  Call it curiosity if you must, but here was an opportunity I hadn't had
before. Ever since we had all got together online, conversation between these
two women had remained a private thing, and being the control freak I sometimes
am it was hard for me to sit back without knowing what was going on between
those two.  Here on this trip they had had their private time together, but
still I felt curious about it.
Now here they were!
I know, I should have made a noise right away, but I didn't.
Instead I availed myself of the chance to eavesdrop.
"Oh I don't know," said Laura, "this is more your fantasy than mine, but you
know I like to share anything I can with you."
The women appeared in my field of view and I wondered if I was safe in my dark
shroud.  Once again I found myself admiring them.  Laura was in a short cotton
pleated skirt that fell to about mid thigh, and a bright yellow T-shirt that was
tight about her breasts and showed her belly.  Amy wore a similar skirt and a
white halter top.
Both of them looked stunning, their collars complimenting their beauty.
"Yes," said Amy, almost too softly for me to hear, "sharing is fun."
"We've certainly shared a lot, you and I." Laura said with a smile.
I couldn't see if Amy smiled back, her back was too me, but she reached up and
hugged my wife and the two of them stood like that for a few moments.
"I'm glad it's over."  Amy said, parting eventually.
"Me too. I wonder where Kiri is?"
Amy sighed.  "Would you think me horrible if I said I really didn't care?"
"Yes, 'cos I know you do!" Laura replied.
Amy turned, and I could partially see her face. She gave a small smile.  "Well,
I guess I do...a little.  She has led such an awful life.  At least we
volunteered to be who we are, but she didn't."
"Yeah, we volunteered." Laura said wistfully.
Amy watched my wife for a minute or two as she walked slowly about the room. 
There were times where I couldn't see her myself but I knew where she was
because Amy sat on one of the desks in plain view and kept turning to face her.
"Laura, can I ask you something?"
"Sure, Sweety!"
"Are you and Don...well after what we just went through...are you guys going to
keep doing it?"
"What?"
"You know.  Are you going to go back to being his slave girl?"
"I would expect so, aren't you?"  Laura asked her friend.
"Of course I am, you know I wouldn't want it any other way!"
"Then why did you ask me?"
"I just...wasn't sure.  You guys aren't as deep into it as we are."
Laura appeared from one side and took her friend's hand. "We are committed to
this, just like you and Ben are.  Even after been captured and almost drowned by
white slavers nothing changes that."
"Good, I'm glad."
Laura smiled and let go. "Besides, the whole thing was so ludicrous it was like
a badly plotted sex novel. I'd much rather just forget the whole thing and go
back to life as normal. And normal life, sister, is me at the feet of my
Master!"
They both laughed and I thought about what I had just heard. It really hadn't
occurred to me that there might be a question of our lives changing over this,
although I had done nothing to push anything BDSM related on Laura this morning. 
She had even slept last night without any bondage at all, which was a very
unusual thing.  Even what she wore right now was her own choice, although I had
noticed that she hadn't put on any underwear.
That she was willing to go on warmed my heart, I was proud of her strength
though I knew in private she would need my support as the memories of the past
few days echoed through our lives.
I tried to stay still, now was too late to reveal myself.
"It'll be hard to forget Kiri though." Amy said quietly.
Laura nodded.
"Do you think the men will go after her?"
Laura's eyes opened wide. "God I hope not.  That's a job for the police not an
investor and a building contractor.  Our involvement has ended, if they know
what's good for them!"
Amy chuckled. "Yeah, and if they are planning something we'll have to get them
to change their minds."
"We'll go on strike." Laura said with a grin.
"Er...do that and the only striking I can see happening are their canes on our
butts!"
"Ow!" Laura cried out, both women giggling.
"How is your butt anyway?"  Amy asked.
Laura looked at her behind.  "Not so bad. Still a little sore but not bad
really?"
Amy reached for Laura's skirt.  "Mind if I check?"
Laura smiled and turned slightly.  Amy lifted the back of Laura's skirt with one
hand and ran her other hand slowly across Laura's bare buttocks.  Still visible
were the strike marks from when I had caned her, yet Amy's touch caused my wife
no obvious discomfort.
"This vacation has made me aware of a lot of things." Laura said, both hands on
a desk as Amy rubbed her buttocks.
"What?" Amy said.
"I never would have thought myself attracted to another woman, I never would
have thought that I would have liked the feel of another woman caressing me
there, or even allowed it.  Yet..."
"Yet what?" asked Amy, her face friendly and curious.
Laura took a deep breath.  "Yet I do enjoy it, very much.  I don't know if any
other woman would have this affect on me, but you definitely do."
Amy stopped rubbing. She got off her seat and walked around to face my wife. 
Without a word she took Laura's face in both hands and kissed her slowly on the
mouth.
In my little closet I watched this open mouthed, a familiar stirring in my
shorts.  Why does watching two women making out stir men so much? I hear that
the opposite does NOT have the same affect on most women!
I guess watching any two women do this would have excited me, but because it was
the two women that meant most to me in my life it affected me even more!
As the kiss continued I felt a pang of jealousy for a second, but I couldn't
figure out if I was jealous of my wife having such affection for another, or if
I was jealous of her being able to kiss Amy while I couldn't.
The kiss broke and both women looked at each other.
"I guess Kiri was right!" Laura said.
Amy nodded slowly.  "Was she right about everything?"
"What do you mean?"
"You and Ben, do you really want him?"
"Of course I do, silly!  Haven't we been fantasizing about each other's men for
ages?"
Amy shook her head. "No, seriously.  Do you want Ben? Do you want to be with
him? Do you want to fuck him, to take him inside you, to be his sex slave and
obey EVERY order he gives you?"
Laura looked a little stunned but I was at a bad angle and couldn't see her
clearly.  She was evidently breathing hard though, and she looked odd still
leaning on the desk with her skirt still lifted high off her butt.
There was a moment of silence, and Amy wasn't the only one eager to hear the
answer to this one.
"Yes." was all Laura said, and I let out a breath I didn't know I was holding.
Somehow I felt I should have felt something, after all I had just heard my wife
declare her sexual want for another man.
Yet all I could feel was a little relief and happiness.
Why?
I know I had wanted us to trade, and I knew that Ben was in favor of it all.
Social conditioning was playing havoc with my own wants and beliefs.   What man
is okay with his wife seeking satisfaction with another man?
One who is confident that his wife loves him and that such a coupling, while it
might contain affection of it's own, pales in comparison to that love.
Hey, it was the best I could come up with at the time in my little closet.
In the mean time things in the class room were still going on.
Amy had stood up straight, and so had Laura. Both faced each other like
gunslingers.
"Does that bother you?" Laura asked, eventually.
"A little."  Amy said.
"Nothing has to come of it, Amy.  Nothing will happen between Ben and I if you
don't want it to."
"That depends on the men don't you think?"
"They wont force us." Laura declared.
"I'm not too sure.  That time they had us staked out on the sand it felt pretty
much that they had decided to swing right there!  I'm still not sure who did
what to whom, and we all did get...very intimate."
"Yes, we did." Laura said with a faint smile.  She was probably remembering how
Ben's penis had rubbed back and forth across her stomach while he applied sun
screen to her body.
"The way Don looks at me sometimes, like he wants to devour me."  said Amy.
"I'll ask him to stop if you don't like that."
"No...don't say anything."
"DO you like it?" my wife asked her.
After a pause Amy nodded.
"Do you want him to...?"
"If I say yes there would be nothing keeping me from refusing you Ben!"
Laura studied her for a moment.  "If you say no you'll be lying to both of us!"
"Can I think on it for a little while?"
"Sure.  But I want to ask you this.  If the men decide they've waited long
enough and order us to spend some time with the other, would you?"
"I always do what I'm ordered to do." said Amy with a small smile.
"Oh yeah?"  Laura said, chuckling.  Both women began to laugh quietly and I
realized the that the tension in the room was being broken.
Laura went over to the Teacher's desk and picked up the cane. It looked strange
in her hands for a moment.
"This looks well used." she said.
Amy smiled.  "You look good with it, like a school mistress, but not in that
outfit."
Laura looked over at the clothes rack and took down the gown, slipping it over
her head.  It hid her brief sexy  clothing and gave her some authority.
"That's better, Maam."  Amy said with a big smile.
Laura looked stern and brought the cane down sharply on the desk, making both me
and Amy jump.
"Sit!" she said, trying to keep a straight face.
With a giggle Amy picked a desk and sat down.
"And wipe that smile from your face!" Laura yelled.
"Sorry, Maam."
"You will be young lady!  I'm tired of you coming late into my classroom and
disrupting the other students!"
Amy looked like she was about to say that she was the only student, but thought
better of it.  Instead she sunk down a little in her seat.
"Sorry, Maam. It wont happen again."
"That's what you said last time. Did you at least bring me an apple?  You know,
an apple for the teacher?"
Amy looked up bewildered.
"No Maam?"
Laura smiled.  She sat back against her desk and put her feet up on the desks in
front of her. Pulling up the gown she revealed her pantyless state to the entire
room.
"Then I expect you will have to get into my good graces another way!"
Amy stared at Laura for a few seconds, and Laura tapped her pussy with the cane. 
This made Amy grin.  "Yes Maam. This low girl will do what ever she has to to
get back in your good graces!"
"Well, what are you waiting for?"
I watched amazed, as Amy got up and knelt between the legs of my wife. With
barely any hesitation she began to use her tongue and mouth on her pussy.
Laura reached down with both hands and ran her fingers through Amy's hair.  "No
matter what our men decide, I do love you." she said.
Amy paused and looked up.  "I love you too, Maam. But then you always knew that
didn't you."
Laura nodded and Amy went back to work.
Feeling very aroused myself I watched breathlessly as Laura was slowly brought
to orgasm, her eyes tight shut and her familiar sing song way of panting when
close to orgasm clearly audible.
There was one more surprise though. As Laura came she opened her eyes and just
happened to be staring my way.  Her eyes grew wide as the orgasm hit full force
and it took a second for me to realize she had spotted me in the closet.
I put a finger to my lips in the hope that she understood that I didn't want Amy
to know.
Laura stayed silent but didn't look away until the orgasm faded.
"That was...quite sufficient." Laura said to her friend.
Amy knelt back, a big smile on her face while Laura stood up and made herself
presentable.
"That was fun, Laura, you make a good Domme."  Amy said.
"The game isn't over yet!"  Laura said with authority, and Amy grinned some
more.
Laura went over to the black board, catching her breath. She found a piece of
chalk and held it out to her 'student'.
"One hundred lines. 'I must not forget Miss Laura's apple'!"
"What?" Amy said.
Laura used the cane to make her point, smacking another desk.  "Lines, girl!"
Flushed, Amy took the chalk and, glancing at Laura, began to write on the black
board.
"Don't turn around until you are done!"  Laura said, and she slowly drifted over
to where I was hiding.  She opened the door slightly and came in.
"What are you doing here?" she whispered.
"I was here first." I whispered back.  "Can you keep her distracted while I get
out?"
"Yes, Sir.  Don, did you hear everything?"
"I heard and SAW everything!"
"Oh God!" Laura said blushing.
"Go back out, make sure she doesn't turn around...oh, and have her raise the
back of her skirt!"
"What?  You men!"  Laura said with a smile.
I chuckled and Laura stepped back into the room.
She walked casually over to where Amy stood and watched her write for a moment. 
"That's awfully sloppy hand writing."
"Sorry, Maam.  I'm not used to chalk."
"Excuses are for lazy people!" Laura said with some authority.  "Reach back and
raise your skirt!"
Without a word Amy did so, tucking the skirt up into the waist band and
revealing that she too wore no underwear.
Laura took the can and placed in on Amy's bare cheeks, as if measuring for a
strike.
Amy froze.
"Did I tell you to stop writing?"  Laura said sweetly.
"No, Maam." Amy said, picking up the chalk and resuming where she had left off. 
Laura tapped Amy's butt with the cane and Amy's legs shifted, spreading a little
wider.
Laura looked down and with a finger, wiped between the other girl's thighs. 
With a glance at me, Laura licked the finger and smiled.
I would have stayed to see what happened next, but I was in desperate need of
relief myself.  So reluctantly I tip toed across the room and out the door, and
headed straight for our cabin!




End of Part 20 




On the Water  part 21




I sat at the stern of Townsend's super-yacht, 'DreamBoat', sipping on a beer
thoughtfully provided by the young woman who's job it was to look after this
part of the boat.
Without looking I knew that she was standing next to the bar at the forward part
of the deck in her white shorts and T-shirt, like a bleached out Hooter's girl. 
I also knew that all I had to do was literally snap my fingers and she would
come over to see if there was anything I needed.
It was obvious she was one of Townsend's submissives, and a happy looking girl
at that.
Instead of looking at her, although few would blame me if I did, I watched the
'Kajira' under tow behind us. Aboard our stricken vessel were two of Townsend's
able crew, there to make sure nothing else broke.
Around me on the large fantail were many chairs and tables, outdoor furniture of
good quality, built to provide comfort for those who wished to see the view. It
was almost like an outdoor restaurant.  Overhead was a large awning connected at
one end to the superstructure of the boat and supported at the other by two
strong looking poles.
Decorated in greens and whites it certainly kept the sun off.
I let my mind drift in neutral for a while, an attempt to forget the troubles of
the last few days.  All I really wanted was to get back to our quiet vacation.
The sooner the 'Kajira' was fixed the better. Too many strange and dangerous
things had happened lately.  If much more occurred I would need a holiday from
our holiday.
I was actually starting to drift off with the motion of the big boat, images of
Amy and my wife dancing behind closed eyes, when I heard the door to the deck
open.
Glancing behind me I smiled, for it turned out to be the very people I was
thinking about.
Laura came through the door, a big grin on her face, followed by Amy with a
small smile.
I sat up a little, captivated by what I saw.  Laura had walked in quite normally
in her brief but attractive outfit,  but Amy was on her hands and knees, naked,
with a leash attached to her collar being held by my wife.
"What's going on here?"  I asked, knowing full well that after I left the
schoolroom the games must have continued.
"You like my new pet, Don?" Laura said smugly. "I think I might keep her!"
I chuckled and Amy turned a little red.  I have to say I liked how she looked,
I've always been a sucker for a woman on her hands and knees.
Amy glanced at the girl by the bar and then out behind the boat to where the two
crewmen could be clearly seen.  She didn't look comfortable being out here nude.
"Tell me Amy," I said, "is it possible for a pet to own a pet?"
Amy looked up at me and then at Laura. "No, Sir!" she said, her small smile
getting a little bigger.
Laura scowled at her, but she still had that smug look.
"I didn't think so." I replied. "Laura, MY pet, join Amy on the deck!"
Laura blinked, her expression startled, her smug smile suddenly gone. I thought
for a second she was going to protest but instead she dropped the leash she was
holding and slowly sunk down to her hands and knees.  "Yes, Sir."
I let them both stay that way for a moment, side by side, one dressed and one
naked.
"Amy, are pets usually dressed?"  I asked.
"No, Sir!"  Amy said right away.
"Laura, Amy says pets aren't usually dressed, so perhaps you should follow her
example."  I said to my wife.
Laura glared at Amy. "Yes, Sir." she said, and began pulling her blouse off.
Amy looked like she was enjoying Laura's come down, she was certainly a lot less
nervous.  I wondered what had passed between those two women after I had left. 
Laura certainly seemed to have pulled the dominant role there this time. No
equal play in that encounter.
Once Laura was naked she resumed her position next to Amy and again I watched
the two of them, their well tanned skin marred only by the welts of recent
whippings on their butts.
I saw with relief that Laura and Amy hadn't been playing whipping games.  Ben
was very protective about anyone putting marks on Amy for any reason.  That he
had allowed me to cane her this trip was a very big deal.
I snapped my fingers and the girl at the bar hurried over.
"Take her clothes back to our cabin." I told the girl.  "Then bring back two
bowls with some water in them."
"Yes, Sir!" said the happy submissive, and with a bright smile she scooped up
Laura's things and ran into the boat.
I could tell Laura wanted to watch her clothes being taken away, and I could see
that it was now her that kept glancing at the men on  the boat behind us.
"You guys enjoy looking around the boat?" I asked.
Both girls said yes although I wondered how much sightseeing they actually did.
Knowing Laura, she had probably dragged Amy over every inch of the boat like
this just to embarrass her.  When Laura is in one of her dominant moods she can
be almost vicious, something Ben and Amy already knew from our online play.
"Sir, may a low girl speak?" Amy asked, correctly assuming that this was one of
those moments when it didn't pay to be too familiar.  There were plenty of times
when we all acted more as friends than as Doms and submissives, but this wasn't
one of them.
"Sure!"  said, sipping my almost empty beer.
"Where is Ben, Sir?"
"With Townsend I think, said they had some business to discuss.  Do you need him
for something?"
Amy shifted slightly, her movement making her breasts sway slightly. Laura gave
her a hard stare.
"No, Sir." Amy said.
"You okay spending time with Laura and me, under my rule?"
"Yes, Sir!" Amy answered right away, a beautiful smile appearing on her face.
I smiled too.
"Very good.  You're both under Total Slave rules until further notice."
Laura immediately sat up and assumed her proper kneeling posture, hands behind
her head, knees wide apart.  Amy did the same after seeing what Laura did.  Both
women focused on the men who could clearly see them from the other boat, and I
turned to look at them too.
Both guys were standing at the stern, talking to each other but looking our way
from time to time.  No doubt our display was nothing new to them.  It WAS new to
both Amy and Laura.
I chuckled and pointed to either side of me and the women crawled on all fours
until Laura was at my right hand and Amy on my left.  There they knelt until the
girl I had sent away returned with two bowls.
"Sir," she said, "Mr Townsend says that lunch will be served out here shortly,
and that he will join you soon."
"Thank you.  You can put the bowls by the bar."  I told her, before she could
set them down in front of my 'pets'.
She did so, placing the bowls a good twenty five feet away from us, before
resuming her own place close by.
"Laura, go have a drink."
A small smile mixed with a devil like look that I knew so well crossed her face,
and she crawled over to the bowl, her beautiful striped ass wiggling wonderfully
as she moved.  Once she got to the bowls she knelt and held her long hair out of
the way as she began to lap at the water.
She lapped slowly, using her whole tongue in a way that she knew I loved to see.
Her body language at this point was more like a big cat than a puppygirl.
I looked down at Amy who was looking straight down at the deck.  "Watch her." I
whispered and Amy looked over at my wife.
"Doesn't she look great?"  I asked Amy.
Amy smiled.  "Yes, Sir, she really does."  Amy whispered back.
"Think you could look better?"
Amy's eyes seemed to brighten and her jaw firmed up, a challenge taken.
I called Laura back and sent Amy to the other bowl.
Amy crawled slowly, with an exaggerated sleekness that made her tight little
butt shift from side to side. But it was when she got to the bowl that I really
took notice.
Just like a cat she extended her arms in front of her and stretched, arching her
back and lowering her upper body until her nipples grazed the deck. She carried
the stretch through  all the way, coming up on her arms and extending her
shapely legs before taking her position to one side of the bowl.
I was impressed!
Crouching low Amy began to lap at the water but after a few seconds she bumped
the bowl, spilling some of its contents.  Without pausing she began lapping up
what she had spilled and once it was all gone she drank some more out of the
bowl.
Then came the kicker.
She stretched once more and rolled onto one side so that she faced us, extending
one leg up high as cats usually do. Then, with a sly smile, she began licking
herself on her inner thigh.
I sat open mouthed, amazed at how flexible she was. She couldn't quite lick her
own genitals but she came damn close, and with her position I would have seen if
she did.
She continued this grooming action until a noise in the doorway startled all of
us.
It was Townsend, and apparently he had been watching at least part of the action
for he started clapping.
"Bravo!" he said.
Amy, shocked and terribly embarrassed I expect, brought her leg down and got
back on all fours.  At a glance from me she resumed her kneeling position.
Townsend had walked over to me by this time.
"A beautiful girl that!" he said, sitting at our table. "Certainly not shy,
what?"  He laughed and I smiled.
"I think you startled her." I said to him.
"I have that affect on people I'm afraid." said the Englishman. "Lunch will be
brought out soon, but in the meantime would you mind if I took a closer look at
these lovely ladies?"
I took a breath, and said okay, wondering if in Amy's case it was.
"Splendid. Amy dear, up on the table with you!"
Amy looked to me for conformation and I nodded, so showing little of the
reluctance I knew she must feel, she crawled over and used a chair to climb up
onto the table.  She resumed her Total Slave position, trembling a little.
"Amy and Laura aren't used to such scrutiny from strangers." I told Townsend.
"I'd rather you didn't touch them."
Our host nodded.  "Understandable, Old Boy."
Amy became still as Townsend got up and walked slowly around her.  She looked
wonderful kneeling there, her skin shiny with sweat, her body trembling slightly
with her fear. I could also see that she was turned on by what was going on, her
nipples were extended and her bare labia were red and slick.
Townsend noticed her labia too and looked closely at them making the naked girl
blush.  He gave me a funny look and then continued his perusal.
"Thank you, girl. Now it's Laura's turn." he said.
Amy sighed and climbed down, making room for my very nervous wife.
Laura did me proud, kneeling silent and true as Townsend examined her.  She too
blushed at Townsend's close inspection and couldn't hide the fact that she too
was aroused.  I winked at her and her eyes smiled at me.
"Beautiful.  Thank you!"  Townsend said presently.
"My pleasure." I replied and I motioned for Laura to resume her place at my
side.
Just in time too.  Two more women and a man came out carrying our lunch,
platters of fish and vegetables that looked and smelled good.
"Bowls." I said to one of them, pointing at the two slaves at my feet.  Laura
looked up and whined.
I chuckled and within minutes two bowls were brought over and I began putting
food into them.
"Is Ben coming?" I asked.
"On the phone. He should be here any time!" replied Townsend.
I put the bowls on the deck and with a look from both women I smiled and let
them eat.
Looking down to see their naked backs and butts as they fed directly from the
bowls cheered me up no end!
Ben put in an appearance finally, raising an eyebrow at the condition of his
soon to be wife, but not interfering.
It was a very pleasant lunch.




After lunch we reached a large island with a fair sized town on the shore. We
anchored quite a way out so the ladies didn't have to get dressed, much to their
amusement (sorry, it was our amusement not theirs), and we all watched as the
launch was used once more to tow the 'Kajira'.
"They'll take her to the boat yard." Townsend said. "It's a bit late in the day
to expect them to have it done by tonight, but we can definitely pick her up
this time tomorrow."
"Good." Ben said.
Once the launch returned we continued on our way.




The afternoon we spent on the foredeck, that is Laura, Amy and I.  Ben had
excused himself once more and left Amy in my charge. So, wanting a lazy
afternoon to go with my lazy morning I got some rope and tied the women up.
I tied them separately to the sun chairs that populated the  foredeck, this
being a place for sunning oneself, and went to find the book I had left behind
in the school room before returning to sun myself.
The women I had tied spread eagle to the chairs, nothing between them and the
sun except for the ropes at their wrists and ankles, their collars, their gags
(I wanted some peace to read), and the liberal coating of sunscreen I put on
each of them.
I had fun teasing Laura when I applied the stuff to her pussy, but when I did
Amy she winced a little.
"You girls engage in a little pussy whipping?"  I ask her.
Amy nodded.
I smacked her bare pussy and went to my own chair.
Every so often I turned them both over, and enjoyed the view.




Late that afternoon we arrived at another island. This one was small and half
covered in trees, but had great beaches and a large sprawling house was just
visible at the summit.
I was surprised when the 'DreamBoat' sailed right up to a jetty extending from
the shore, a convenient deep water mooring for the big boat.
I left the ladies alone on the foredeck, confident that they wouldn't get into
trouble, and joined Townsend on the bridge.
"Welcome to my getaway home!" said our host, watching as the Captain guided his
boat to the dock.
"This island yours?"  I asked him.
"Bought it just last year for a song!  Used to be owned by some Japanese tycoon
before the government seized it. It's good to have contacts down here.  I paid
more for this bloody boat!"
I chuckled and watched until the crew had the boat tied up. Only then did I go
down and release the ladies.
They were stiff, but grinning, which was a good sign, and I stole a kiss from my
wife.
Ben joined us once more and the ladies knelt obediently while the gang plank was
lowered.
"Okay, Total Slave time is over."  I said and the women got up gratefully.
"Aren't you going to give us anything to wear?"  Laura asked me, while Amy
kissed Ben and hugged him.
"Why?  You've done so well without clothes so far!" I told her, hugging her to
me.
"But..." Amy said, looking from me to Ben.
Ben chuckled.  "He's right. This is a private island, and I like you just the
way you are right now!"
Amy pouted dramatically and we laughed, but I could tell the women were still
nervous.
We went ashore with Townsend and was met by his wife Alicia.
She looked good in a sundress that showed her shapely figure and I had to remind
myself that this woman was at least fifteen years older than me.  She didn't
look it.
Alicia gave her husband a quick peck on the cheek and cast a sympathetic eye on
Laura and Amy who began to blush once more.
Apparently she knew why we were here for she padded over and gave both startled
women a hug.
"You poor dears, it must have been terrible.  Come with me and we'll pamper you
for a while." she said to them.
"Er...thanks, but..." Laura said, looking at me.
"Gentlemen." Townsend said.  "It might do some good for the ladies to have some
personal time, don't you think?"
I looked over at Ben who shrugged.
"Okay." I said.
"We'll see them later." Ben added.
"Of course!" Townsend said, and we parted, men going one way, women another.
Ben and I spent the evening with Townsend and a couple of other men who were
also guests up at his house.
It was a typical men's evening, pool, beer, and lots of good talk.
The women had a much better time I found out later, on a part of the island
where men, not even Townsend, were allowed.
Laura and Amy found themselves taken to a place done up like a Hollywood version
of a desert harem caravan. Lots of tents filled with silk dividers, throw
pillows, fans and ornamental rugs.  Not to mention the dozen or so nude nymphs
that lived there. The only thing missing were the eunuches.
Our women were certainly pampered, oil massages, baths, pedicures and manicures,
and Laura got a denuding of her pubic area which I found looked great when I saw
it later. The women wanted for nothing and thoroughly enjoyed all the attention.
Eventually they were brought back to the house, all shiny clean with ribbons in
their hair and not much else on their bodies, and left in the bedrooms given to
us to await our return.
It was a pleasant surprise for me to find Laura kneeling in our room, ready for
my arrival. She was chained via a short chain attached to her collar to a ring
in the floor, and looked absolutely radiant.
I used the key that had been left for me out of her reach and took my wife to
bed, practically raping her in my passion.  She gave as good as she got and soon
we were both sweating and panting on the big four poster bed, hoping the springs
wouldn't go out!
Things were just coming to a head, so to speak, when the door to our room burst
open and Amy practically came flying into the room.
Behind her was Ben, and he looked Pissed with a capital P while Amy looked
scared.
Shocked, Laura and I watched Ben storm into the room up to our bed.
"LAURA!" he yelled. "ON THE FLOOR, ON YOUR FUCKING KNEES, RIGHT NOW!"
Laura scrambled to obey while I tried to figure out what was wrong.  "Ben...?" I
began but he ignored me.
"HOW DARE YOU. HOW DARE YOU TAKE A KNIFE TO AMY! HOW DARE YOU USE A KNIFE ON
HER!"




End of Part 21.




On the Water  part 22




"HOW DARE YOU USE A KNIFE ON HER!" Ben yelled at my wife who scrambled off the
bed to reach the floor.
"What?" I said, totally confused.
I looked over at Laura expecting to see the same stunned confusion that I was
feeling, but instead saw nothing but fear mixed with a heavy dose of guilt.
I was peripherally aware of Amy cowering on the floor nearby, almost weeping and
not looking at any of us, but it was my wife I focused on.
"What did you do?" I said slowly, recognizing that whatever it was she did she
was definitely guilty of.
Laura said nothing, on her knees now she struggled to maintain her Total Slave
position, her eyes focused on the floor.
I turned to Ben. "What are you accusing her of doing?"
Ben, still showing signs of his anger, talked to me without taking his eyes off
Laura. "Ask her! I want to hear it from her own mouth!"
"You said she used a knife?" I asked him.  I wondered when and how?  Amy's body
didn't have a mark on it that was unknown to me and she had certainly been
inspected close enough. I saw no sign of any knife play, something that Ben and
I strictly forbade the women from doing.
Ben nodded, anger taking his words away most probably.
"Where?" I asked.
Now Ben looked at me. "You need proof?" he asked accusingly.
I stood my ground under the anger in his eyes. "Wouldn't you?"
After a moment he gave me a curt nod, then turned to Amy.
"Show him." he ordered.
"Ben..."  Amy whispered.
He raised his hand, a single finger pointed at her.
As scared as she was Amy suddenly looked worse. She uncurled her body and sat
with her legs apart. Closing her eyes she used both hands to pull apart her
labia, revealing her bright red inner lips. They showed signs of heavy use for
they were quite inflamed.
"You're kidding." I said before I could stop myself.
"YOU THINK I'M FUCKING KIDDING?" Ben yelled at me.
I glanced at Ben for a second then looked over at my wife.
She didn't have to say a word, her guilt was written all over her, but she was
going to have to.
Long ago we had followed Ben and Amy's example of having Laura say her crimes
out loud. Psychologically it means a lot to talk about things you would rather
not, that's how psychiatrists get to stay in business, it's why AA has meetings
instead of a newsletter.
"Talk, now." I told her.
"I..." was all she could manage.
"You can do better than that." I said after waiting a few moments.
"Fuck it...you're going to punish me anyway!" she said bitterly.
I was shocked, and deep down very hurt.  Suddenly this wasn't the same woman I
had just been playing bed games with.  What happened?
As I said earlier, Laura could get vicious sometimes, her own masochistic streak
developing into something more sadistic.  In the past, when given the
opportunity to devise games and torments for Amy online, her imagination usually
came up with some doosies.  I couldn't understand it, but then again I could.
"Your funeral." I said to her, my own vocabulary lost to my emotions at that
point. So I asked Ben what happened.
Ben related what Amy had told him.
Apparently while playing in the schoolroom Amy had ended up tied naked on her
back to the large teacher's desk at the front of the room.
Among other items Laura had found to tease her with, my wife had found a very
sharp serrated knife in the closet I had hidden in.
Apparently drunk with power and mindful that Amy couldn't be visibly marked,
Laura asserted her dominance by using the tip of the knife to make many small
cuts and abrasions on the bound girl's inner pussy lips.  Laura's intention at
that point was to make sex for Amy be so painful for a little while that she
would think only of Laura whenever Ben took her.
She also delighted in thinking what Ben would do to Amy if Amy flinched at his
advances, which was of course how Ben discovered what had gone on, making Amy
confess all!
Of course the details I heard were somewhat more graphic, but nothing I want to
repeat.
It was enough to stand there listening to it while watching the woman I love
stubbornly stay silent.
"Is that the way it happened?" I asked Amy when Ben had finished.
"Yes, Sir." Amy said, now curled up again.
I crouched down next to my wife.  "Laura, do you deny any of this?"
She shook her head.
"Shit." I said with feeling.  I stood up and walked across the room, thinking
about what had happened and what had to be done. I think it was only then that I
realized that all of us, Ben included, were nude. Ben must have dragged Amy here
directly from their own bed.
There was a knock at the door which was still open.  In a dressing gown stood
Townsend, looking at all of us rather concerned.
"Is everything alright?"  he asked, probably noting the high tension in the air.
"Go away, Phil." Ben said darkly.
Townsend stood for a second more, then nodded and went away, closing the door
behind him.
"What are you going to do about her?"  Ben asked me, his temper more controlled
now.
What WAS I to do.  Here was something that could break our friendship with Ben
and Amy, something I didn't want to happen.
Laura had definitely done wrong, and a punishment was due her.  This might sound
like an excuse for us to get our jollies off, but as I hope I have explained
before, none of us saw anything erotic about punishment.  This was a very
serious issue.
Serious enough that I had no concept of what Ben would expect, and what would
satisfy his sense of justice.
How to resolve this so we could still be friends?
As I stood and thought I decided that there could only be one real solution.
"Take her." I said to him. "You and Amy take her with you and figure it out
yourself.  Fuck her, whip her, whatever! Do what you think is fair."  I walked
over to Ben and whispered so the women wouldn't hear.  "You and I have talked
about trust in the past, friend. Well I'm trusting you now not to abuse but to
punish."
Ben's anger softened a moment, feeling the weight I had suddenly transferred
over to him I hope.
"Don't talk to me about trust, Pal.  I can't trust your wife anymore."
"Then it's up to you to see that she CAN be trusted again.  I know you can make
her think twice about doing something like that again."
Ben said nothing for a moment. "That's your job too you know, but okay. However,
Amy stays here."
"Why?" I asked.
"She isn't totally innocent."  Ben said, moving toward his companion.  "Are
you?" he said to her loudly.
"I don't understand." I said.
"She lied to us both, covering up what Laura had done.  The moment she first saw
either of us she should have reported what happened, instead I find out in bed
hours later, and even then she wouldn't immediately tell me everything that
happened.  It was only because I thought one of Townsend's crew had gotten to
her that she finally told me everything."
Ben stared down at Amy for a moment as she sat slumped, her face wet with silent
tears, then he came back to me. "I'll leave her here with you, and you can sort
her out..." He paused. "Like your wife, no restrictions. We're beyond that now. 
Besides," he looked at Laura, "I'm going to be busy for a while."
Laura let out a stifled sob, but that was all.
So, I was finally going to get my chance with Amy, but I had never imagined it
happening this way and given a choice I could have waited a lot longer rather
than have this happen.
The thought of getting her this way was not a happy one.
"Agreed." I said.
Ben moved over to my wife.  "Next door, run." he ordered.
Laura looked up at him, then at me, her face pleading.
"MOVE!" Ben yelled, making her jump.  She scrambled to her feet and ran to the
door, leaving it open behind her as she went to Ben's room.
"Don, what you said about trust, goes both ways." Ben said to me.  I knew what
he meant.  How I handled Amy tonight would bear as much weight as how he handled
Laura.  No matter how things turned out, none of us were coming out of here with
the same relations we had when we arrived.
Four different people were going to board the 'Kajira' tomorrow.
"Ben," I said as he reached the door, "Make sure you find out why she did it!"
"Oh I plan to!" he said, and he shut the door behind him.
Now I was alone with Amy.
What the hell was I going to do with her?
"Knees." I said, crossing the room once more.
Amy shifted herself until she knelt in the Total Slave position, stifling a sob
as she did so.
"Be glad you didn't do anything worse than lie to us."  I told her, opening a
closet Laura and I had discovered earlier.  It was stocked with all manner of
toys and restraints.  I selected a few items, starting with a blind fold.
"That was the worse thing you did, right?" I asked, coming up beside her.
"Yes, Sir." she whispered.
"Why didn't you report it to us right away?"
Amy remained silent.
I stood waiting, tired and in not a very good mood.  Half my mind was on what
Ben could be doing to my wife right now and despite my trust in Ben I was
worried about her.
"Okay, maybe you'll tell me later." I said simply and put the blindfold on her.
She didn't struggle, didn't move, which was good.  I went back to my pile of
goodies and picked up a harness gag.
"Last chance to confess your sins." I told her.
Still Amy remained silent.
What is it with these women?  Didn't they know that the silent treatment did
them no good what so ever?
"Okay, open your mouth."
I slipped the bladder of the harness pump gag into her open mouth and buckled
the harness on.  She must not have expected this type of gag because she began
moaning.
I left her without pumping the gag up and went back to my pile.  Watching her I
waited before returning.
Blind, her mouth filled with rubber she knelt moaning for a short while and then
became still.  Her hands were behind her neck, the buckles which I hadn't locked
right there.
I wanted to see if she would fiddle with them.
She didn't.
She knew better.
I came back and roughly repositioned her arms, pulling them behind her and
binding them with several straps.  Her hands were now up between her shoulder
blades, her elbows touching.  Straps held her wrists and elbows together and
more straps wound around her body above and below her small breasts totally
locking her arms to her back.  There would be no give when I was done and after
a short while she would feel the pain of this position.
Only then did I begin pumping up her gag, watching carefully that I didn't over
inflate.
"You know," I said as I pumped, "there was one thing that Ben never mentioned
that I wonder if you told him about.  Remember when I asked you if you and Laura
had been playing pussy whipping games?  You answered yes!   You lied."
She moaned, it came out very faintly.
I grabbed her body and lay her down on her back, or more accurately on her bound
arms.  She was breathing quickly at this point and trembling.
I let her lie there a moment while I went back for yet another item. This time
is was a spreader bar with attached ankle cuffs.
I spread her legs making her whine and locked her ankles into the cuffs. Her
pussy looked red and sore and I wondered if Ben had actually screwed her before
finding out what had happened to her, or maybe after.
I wondered what it would feel like to be cut down there, and be fucked
afterward. How would it feel to have a phallus squeeze past such sensitive
flesh?
I knew that if anyone scraped the outside of my dick with a knife I wouldn't
want to have sex afterward.
The spreader bar on it was time for the last part.
By now Amy was probably thinking I was going to have sex with her then and
there.  I had other plans.
I brought a strong looking chair over to a part of the room where I noticed some
hooks were stuck in the ceiling.  Then I grabbed the spreader bar and lifted Amy
clean off the floor.
Glad she wasn't as heavy as my wife I carried the upside down woman over to the
chair and used it as a step ladder to reach the hooks.  Carefully I hung her up,
the hooks perfectly placed to catch the spreader bar as I thought they might,
and got down.
Amy now hung upside down, her upper body well contained while her sex was spread
and defenseless above her.
I went back to the closet and selected one final item.
A cat of nine tails.
I had used a similar multi-tailed whip  on Laura in our games, whipping hard
enough for some moderate erotic pain, but never as a punishment.
Now I intended a different use for it.
"Since you lied about being pussy whipped, I'm going to give you a little of
what you lied about."
Amy struggled and moaned, but she wasn't going anywhere.
I thought about Laura and Ben, and what they might be doing, and with no real
pleasure brought the whip down between Amy's legs.
She cried out, although I really hadn't used much effort, and I knew then that
her abused pussy was going to magnify all my efforts, so much the better.
I continued to whip her, spreading the hits up and down her inner thighs and
across her buttocks, but it was only when the strands grazed her bare sex did
she really scream.
As I walked around her I used the whip all over her body, placing marks on her
back, her stomach, her legs and arms. When I struck her breasts she screamed
almost as much as when I hit her pussy.
I continued going until I noticed that she had grown quite wet between her legs. 
I couldn't believe it but the little masochist was actually getting off on this!
I hit harder, making her scream with every strike and soon concentrated on her
pussy alone.
I found myself growing hard at her torture and was beginning to wonder about
myself when it became obvious that Amy was cuming!
I continued to whip her pussy, sending droplets of her cum flying with each
strike and watched her convulse, humping the air, her hips working hard.
I stopped, dropped the whip, and moved the chair back into place so I could get
her down.
I lay her on her back once more and this time did fuck her, plunging into her
immediately despite knowing how painful it would be for her.
I didn't care, she was a vessel to be used, a slave given to me without
reservations, a passionate woman with a sexual heat that I could not resist.
She came once more as I entered her and I rode her hard as my own passion
erupted.
It was only when I finally came down that I realized she had passed out, her gag
preventing her from pulling the oxygen she needed for such activity.
I lay on top of her, growing soft inside her, and began to cry.




The room was in darkness now, and I lay in the bed, feeling somewhat better
after my little breakdown.
The room was silent except for the breathing of my bed partner.
Amy lay next to me on her side, her back to me, sleeping for all I knew.  After
I had pulled myself together I had gotten off her and pulled off all her
restraints before picking her up and carrying her the bed. I tucked her in under
the covers and, turning out the lights, joined her.
I lay for a while listening to her breathing, my thoughts filled with Laura, and
how only a short time ago we had been together in this bed, and how now she was
off with another man while I lay naked with another woman.
Why was reality so much harder than the fantasy?
I had dreamed for a long time of being with Amy, yet now that it was happening
all I could think of was my wife.
Maybe if this had occurred under better circumstances...
Amy stirred, a tired little whine.
I moved closer to her and pressed up behind her spoon fashion, an arm around her
waist.  She felt very warm against me, a little harder and bonier than my wife
but I wasn't complaining. I expected I felt a lot worse to her as her body was
covered in pale red lines from the whipping.
They were nothing big though, I expected them all to fade by morning.
"I'm sorry." she said suddenly, startling me.
"For what?" I asked quietly.
"For getting Laura into trouble."
"Laura deserved what she got, what she's being given."
Amy didn't reply.
"Don't you agree?" I asked her.
"She...surprised me.  We had talked about things like that, fantasies and
such...I never thought she would actually do it." Amy said slowly.
"That doesn't answer my question."  I waited patiently for her to think of her
response.
"I don't know if I can...you see while at the time she scared me to death,
afterward as she untied me...I liked it, I was glad she did it."
I opened my mouth to speak, and thought better of it as Amy continued to talk.
"It has always been a deep held fantasy of mine to be dominated by another
woman, another submissive, but the domination had to be real, not just play
acting.  When Laura used that knife on me it struck me deep down that Laura was
the one.
As surely as Ben...and you, hold my submissive nature in your grasp, so does
Laura.
I would do anything for her."
"Is that why you didn't say anything until Ben forced it out of you?"
"Yes." she whispered.
"Is that why Laura used the knife on you in the first place, to bring you to
heel?"
"I think so...I'm not sure...but I remember telling her once that for me to
truly become someone's slave, that person had to do something that marked me
inside, that changed me.
Ben did it the first time he truly caned me.
Laura did it with the knife.
You just did it with that whip, hitting me where you knew I was already injured
and taking me on the floor knowing the agony it would be for me."
We lay quietly for a bit, the both of us trying to figure out our feelings and
thoughts.
"Master," she said, her voice small, her emotions flowing under it like a great
river, "do you love me?"
I took a deep breath and let it out.  "Yes, I love you. Now not another word, go
to sleep."
Amy's body softened quickly under my arm as she allowed her abused body to
finally succumb to sleep, and I lay for a while longer thinking about my wife
and what I had just said to Amy, before joining her.




End of Part 22




On the Water  part 23



A maid came and took Amy away early the next morning.
"Sir," I was told, "Mr Townsend expects you for breakfast in thirty minutes."
"I'd rather that Amy stays with me!" I told the woman in the very brief maid's
uniform.
"I'm sorry Sir, but those are Mr Townsend's orders, and they apply to all the
submissives on the island."
I looked down at Amy, she was servicing me, her rather skilled mouth working
diligently toward bringing me off.
Upon awakening I had ordered her to begin sucking me, just to see if her
feelings about serving me were still as intact after a night's rest.
Amy didn't hesitate to comply, a small smile on her face and a spark in her eye.  
She did pause  and look up at me when the maid knocked, but one look from me
convinced her to keep going.
I watched her now as she still worked, her rear end up and facing the maid,
displaying those charms to yet another stranger, her head bobbing up and down in
that unmistakable way.  She was very aware that the maid could see exactly what
she was doing and was blushing furiously, but to her credit she kept on going.
I finally came, gushing into her mouth and Amy managed to swallow without a
problem.  I took her by the chin and guided her off me into another position,
ignoring the maid who waited in the doorway.
Now Amy lay face down across my lap, her buttocks and thighs still showing
evidence of the whipping I had given them.
"Hands behind your head." I ordered, and Amy obeyed.  "This isn't punishment,
just something to keep you focused." I then told her, spanking her hard with my
hand ten times.
Amy yelped with each strike and I watched her butt turn a rosy red.
"Go!"  I said and she got off me.
"Thank you, Sir." she said with a big smile and padded toward the maid.
"Is my wife also required to go with you?" I ask the maid.
"Yes, Sir."
"When will I see them again?"
"After breakfast, Sir.  Mr Townsend has given special orders."
"What orders?"
"I'm not at liberty to discuss them, Sir. I'm sorry."
I nodded, but didn't like it.  I couldn't wait to get off this island and back
to our vacation, especially now that things were changing among the four of us.
I watched the maid lock a set of hand cuffs on Amy and put a leash on her, and
the women left.
As I showered I wondered where Laura was and what Ben had done to her, what
punishment had she had to endure?
With luck I would be finding out very soon.




Townsend and Ben were already eating when I got to the dining room, along with
Townsend's other male guests.
"...when the investigator arrives she'll be able..." Townsend was saying when I
came in.   He stopped talking and concentrated on his food.  I didn't care, I
was tired of his company anyway.
I got some food from the buffet and sat down.
Ben and I looked at each other, each mirroring each other's concern for our
companions.
"Well?" I asked quietly.
Ben thought for a moment.  "I didn't punish her last night."
"You didn't?" I was stunned.
"No.  I did take steps to get her attention, we talked about many things.  It
seems that even the caning you gave her a few days ago wasn't quite enough to
give her any real pause."
"So why didn't you punish her?" I asked, noting that the other men at the table
were getting interested in our conversation.
"Laura will be punished," he looked over at Townsend, "we have something
planned."
I wasn't sure I liked that.  "With all due respect to Mr Townsend here, but I
don't feel comfortable with him being involved with any punishments due my wife. 
The two of you may have formed some kind of relationship but I hardly know the
man!"
"Don't worry Don, it's not what you think." Ben said slowly. He looked tired, as
if sleep had evaded him.  Did he and Laura talk all night?  Did they fuck?
"Then what is it?"
"Merely an opportunity to do some good, Old Boy!" Townsend said. 
"What good?" I asked.
Ben and Townsend glanced at each other.  "Just wait," Ben said, "it'll be easier
to show you.  Trust me."
Trust him.
Yes, I did trust him.
"Okay, but is she alright?"
"She didn't sleep last night. She was a stubborn as a mule but scared as well.
She wouldn't tell me why she did what she did at first, but eventually she
talked, although I had to persuade her.  After that our host and I had a few
arrangements to make so sleep for her was impossible.  I didn't get much sleep
myself to be honest. If you want to know why though, it would be better if you
talked to her yourself."
"I think I know why." I answered, remembering Amy's confession.
Ben nodded.  "Can I now ask how Amy is doing?"
"You'd have seen for yourself if I had been allowed to bring her." I said with
an eye on our host.  "But she's fine, and...we did some talking too."
"Did you have sex with her?" Ben asked.  Flat out it seemed  so base.
"Yes.  You?" I replied after a moment.
"Yes." Ben answered.
"Are we cool?"
"Are we?"
After a moment I stood up, Ben did too.  There was a tension between us that I
didn't like, that shouldn't be there.  I extended my hand and after a pause Ben
took it.  We shook, then pulled each other to ourselves and hugged briefly, the
tension now gone.
"You've got a great woman there!" I told him.
"We both do."  he replied warmly.
Breakfast settled down and Ben mentioned nothing more about the women.  I ate
quietly, wondering what was in store for my wife.  What was she being prepared
for?




The maid hadn't lied to me, I did get to see the women after breakfast.  In fact
I saw the entire population of the island.  Every submissive and every worker
and guest!
I walked with Ben down to the beach where the crowd had gathered.  On one side
were all the hired help, Townsend's boat crew and the maintenance workers who
kept up this place.  On the other side were all the submissives, mostly women
but with some men mixed in as well.  All of the submissives were nude, the women
kneeling on the sand while the men stood behind them.  All had their hands
behind their backs and it didn't take a leap of logic to figure out they were
all restrained that way.   Amy was among the women, looking solemn as she knelt.
Between the two groups was what caught my attention though.
A pillory had been set up on a platform, and it was occupied for I could see the
naked buttocks of the woman trapped in it.
Even without the stripes on her ass I could see that it was Laura, trapped on
display to the entire population.
Ben said, "She's been there most of the night, thinking about what she did to
Amy."
"What's going to happen?" I asked.
"I'm going to cane her, publicly. Townsend thought it an opportunity to
reinforce discipline among his own people.
A public punishment is psychologically a lot more effective than a private one. 
Believe me, she'll find it a lot harder to see the erotic side  of this, that's
been a part of her problem!"
"Yeah I know." I admitted sadly.
"You'd better go talk to her first, then we can get started." Ben said softly.
"Does she...know?" I asked hesitantly.
"Oh yeah, she knows everything that's about to happen to her. I think her
anticipation of the moment is worse than the reality."
I took a step forward to my wife, then stopped and turned to Ben.  "Ben, I trust
you, but remember that she was only caned a few days ago."
Ben nodded, his face stern.
I turned and walked across the sand to where my wife waited on the platform. I
could feel the eyes of all those present on me and thought that anticipation was
hard on me as well.
As I climbed the platform I could hear Laura crying and my heart went out to
her, but I took a moment to compose my features. Were the pleasures of our
chosen lifestyle really worth the pain?
I looked closely at her, keeping out of her range of vision for a moment.  She
was locked into two pillories, bent at the waist at a perfect ninety degree
angle.  One pillory held her head and hands in the traditional manner, and
looked quite snug. The other trapped her ankles, spreading them far apart,
revealing her freshly shaved loins to all.
Her breasts hung free and I could see evidence of the same kind of whipping that
I had given Amy all over her body.
I moved to where she could see me and saw she was a mess. Her eyes were
bloodshot, her face streaked with tears, her golden hair covering most of her
features.
She saw me and stifled her crying.
"Donald please!" she said between sobs. "I'm sorry!  I wont ever do anything
like that again, I swear.  You don't have to cane me!"
"I'm not going to cane you, you know that." I told her, attempting to hold my
feelings back. I had to act like her Master, not her husband, not at this
moment.  There would be plenty of time to be her husband after the fact, that's
when she would need me the most.
"Well Ben then, dammit!" she said, her anger showing suddenly.  I could
understand her loosing her grip on her emotions. Having to spend the night out
here like this, knowing what you did and what was going to happen to you, would
make me testy also.
"Yes...Ben." I repeated calmly.
"Donald, please, he doesn't have to, you can tell him! Please let me out?" Her
voice cracked at the end, a questioning, pleading expression on her face.
"Laura, if I let you out right now, then we go straight home as soon as we can
make the travel arrangements. Once we get home, I'll take every piece of bondage
equipment we own and destroy them.  We'll live together as husband and wife, and
I'll love you till the day I die, but we will no longer be involved in the
lifestyle we both crave to be a part of.
Just say the word, and all that will happen. It's your choice, and it's the last
time I will give it to you."
I waited, my heart in my mouth while Laura stared at me. I was aware of everyone
watching the two of us, Ben with his cane, Phil and Alicia Townsend standing
together hand in hand, Amy with the other submissives watching with tears of her
own.
Laura bowed her head. "Master, this slave does not wish to let go of everything
we have built together. This slave recognizes that she broke a serious rule and
while this slave knows that she did wrong and is sorry for her deed she knows
that she needs to be punished."  Laura looked up at me.  "This slave...begs
leniency, but knows such leniency will not be hers. Instead she begs for a quick
end to her punishment."
I nodded, not trusting my voice, and walked stiffly to where Ben stood. I had
thought of asking her why she did it, but figured after would be a better time.
Ben looked concerned.  "Is she ready?" he asked me softly.
Again I nodded, and turned to face the upturned buttocks of my wife.
Ben made his way onto the platform and I watched as he stepped up along side of
her.
"Ladies, gentleman, submissives," he began, his voice booming but his manner
reserved, "we're here this morning to witness the caning of this slave. Her
crime was that of deliberate mutilation with a knife, something forbidden to
her.  This slave deliberately used a knife on my own submissive, to create a set
of injuries that would cause my submissive to be in great pain every time she
had sex.
Because this slave was whipped once already just a few days ago, I will not give
her the ten heavy strikes I had promised her. Instead she will receive five now
and five in one weeks time.  Be assured the state of her ass right now will make
the five I give her seem like ten."
I heard a sob from the crowd and saw it was Amy. It looked like it was affecting
her like it was affecting me.
A lot of the other submissives also looked concerned, and not a few of them
glanced over at the stern faces of their own Master and Mistress who stood
nearby.
Ben took up his position and without warning gave Laura the first stroke.
Laura hadn't been gagged and her cry as the thin cane impacted her already sore
buttocks made a lot of people jump, including myself.
Ben waited a few seconds and struck again, building a tempo he followed to the
end.
Each strike made Laura cry out and when the fifth came her sobbing could be
heard all over the beach.  I thought Ben was going to hit her one more time, but
he put down the cane, said something I couldn't hear to Laura, and then left the
platform.
I began to move toward Laura but Alicia was faster. She took the stage quickly.
"I hope this lesson will be remembered for a while!" she said to the group of
submissives, and I saw on their faces that a lot of them would indeed remember
this.  "Dismissed!"
People began to move in all directions and again I began to walk to my wife but
Ben took my arm.  "Let her be for a little while." he said grimly.
I nodded and sank down on the sand where I was.  I watched him go over to Amy
who had stayed kneeling on the sand while the other submissives left, and saw
her crying too.
Ben sat with her and comforted her and I waited until the four of us were the
only people left on the beach.
When eventually I did step once more on the platform I found my wife with her
head bowed in the stocks. She heard me come up and lifted her face, but instead
of looking me in the eye instead she focused on my crotch, one of the acceptable
Total Slave focal points.
"Master, this slave is sorry." she said.
I stepped forward and took her face in both hands. "I know." I said simply, and
kissed her.




Ben and I sat alone at a table on the terrace.  Ben puffed on his pipe while in
front of me sat a very large scotch.
Together Ben, Amy and I had gotten Laura out of the pillory that had held her
all night, and half carried her to our room.
She was crying, Amy was crying and I was half in tears myself.
I had expected to stay there with Laura but Amy, in the politest way possible,
tossed us men out saying that right now Laura needed the care and sympathy of
someone who knew intimately what she was going through.  Ben and I would have to
wait.
My last glimpse of my wife was of her lying face down on the bed, her ass a
multicolored palette.
So we retreated outside, glad to be alone with our thoughts.
I stared at the drink for a while, but so far I had only taken a sip.  I felt
broken down, tired.  It was a terrible thing to see someone you love being
deliberately hurt like that.
I mean we play with pain sometimes, but this was far beyond play.  The image of
the cane in Ben's hand sinking into the soft flesh of my wife was very clear in
my mind, as was the cry of pain she gave.
What the hell were we doing?
"Would you mind if I asked you something, Don?"  Ben said slowly, still puffing
on his pipe.
"Sure, go ahead." I said without looking at him.
Ben said nothing for a moment, staring out to sea as if trying to figure out
what to say.  Eventually he did.
"You know a lot about our history, Don. How Amy and I met, what kind of shape we
were both in.  Back then a drink like the one you have in front of you now
wouldn't have lasted me more than a few minutes, and Amy probably would have had
it down faster.
Looking at it now I can still remember what it tastes like, how it feels as it
pours down my throat, the way it burns all the way down.  It's all very clear to
me.
It's a part of my past, and a part of Amy's past too, except that in Amy's case
you can add the horrors of a deep drug dependency.
You know the story already, about how we cleaned ourselves up.  At the time I
met Amy I didn't think there was anyone in worse shape than I was, and I didn't
really care. Drink truly made the pain go away and that my life at the time was
total shit didn't matter in the slightest.
Yet when Amy stepped into my life I saw someone in a lot worse shape than  I
was.  She was so frail, a skeleton practically. Tracks up and down her arms and
even on her legs.  She could barely walk and only did so to find another fix. 
But when I saw her I knew I had to help her. I still didn't give a damn about
myself but something inside me wouldn't let me leave her alone...to die, for
that was where she was heading.
So I took her in, cleaned her up as much as I could, and tried to help her kick
her various habits.  At first she really didn't want the help, she ate my food
and shared my home, but when ever the subject of her problems came up she would
scream and yell and leave me, sometimes for days at a time. When I found her she
would be filthy and doped up and I would take her home to start again.
It was after one of those times when I figured out that if I was to help her, I
first needed to help myself, or I would never be able to keep up with her.
How could I give her control when I had none of my own?
So I quit the booze, cold turkey.  Went through a terrible case of the shakes
and never really lost the craving, but I was sober, more in control than I had
been for years, and finally able to take charge of my life.
So I did.
The next time I brought Amy home I locked her in our bedroom and kept her there
while she was supposed to go through her own withdrawal.  But it never happened. 
Somewhere in there she had a stash.  So I  pulled everything out of the room,
every item that wasn't nailed down including the bed itself and locked her in
naked.
Man did she scream.
As the screaming and crying got louder I knew then that she was going through
withdrawal.  I kept her fed and watered, bathed her during her quiet moments,
and held her whenever I could.
At times she would grow violent though, and would try to hurt me or herself, or
even try to escape.  One time she got past me to the front door and would have
run out buck naked probably in search of that next fix.  But I persevered and
learned how to tie her down during those violent moments.
Eventually the shakes stopped, and from the wreck that was Amy began to shine
something special.  That was when I began to love her.
Still, the work wasn't over yet.
As she began to get better I let her reclaim her human privileges. She could
dress, she wasn't tied down anymore, and the furniture that had crouded my small
living room went back into the bedroom where they belonged.  But the animal
inside Amy was still there, still wrestling to come out.
Only this time Amy was fighting it to.
Whenever she slipped and the animal began to win, I pushed my will on her,
imposing discipline.  Physical punishment became the only real way to keep her
focused on her recovery as reason and love often didn't work.
When I first brought home the cane I saw fear in the animal's eyes for the first
time, and when I had to use it afterward I saw that I may have truly cowed the
animal.
Amy became a lot more active in her own recovery, and in my own, for her
setbacks were my setbacks and it became awfully tempting to have just one drink
when things were bad.  But I knew that if I did I would loose the fine control
over Amy that I had and with it most probably her life.
So, slowly we got clean, got our act together, began to make headway in our
lives.
Shortly after she had first come clean we had begun sleeping together, but I
always felt that she was just going through the motions to please me. But after
a while, as she got fitter, she began to find the pleasure in the act herself.
She liked it best when I took charge and I liked it better that way as well. 
After a couple of years those games grew to form the beginning of the d/s
relationship we have now, though at the time neither of us realized it had a
name.
I guess we were both innocents about stuff like that although once we got on the
net we learned quickly.
The discipline was kept up though, and Amy began to live by the rules of the
cane.  She didn't mind, it kept her focused, it kept her on the right path and
above all it kept her clean.
My being dry helped us greatly.  I got a job at a Gems market and learned the
ways and means of trading in that valuable field. I got lucky a few times and
built a considerable stake of my own and left with Amy by my side to start my
own business.  Now I trade Gold and other metals in million dollar deals and
we're set for life.
Keeping Amy under discipline helped me maintain a discipline of my own.  For us
it was a necessary evil, but one we both embraced and still believe to be the
only real way we can survive.
But now I ask you, Don.  You and Laura have never had the same problems, yet you
seek the same level of discipline Amy and I have been developing for years.
Why?"
All through this long speech that was so unlike the Ben I knew, I sat quietly
and watched my drink.  His question wasn't really surprising, but I didn't have
a ready answer for him, and that's what I told him.
"Well," he said after a pause, "until you do know, you'll never find it
easy...no that's the wrong word...you'll never find it acceptable to punish
Laura the way I punish Amy.  You'll suffer through it like you are now each and
every time you use that cane on her and in the end you'll stop rather than hurt
her anymore."
"It wasn't this bad last time." I said.
"Last time you didn't punish her, you just tickled her. Why the hell did you
think she'd want to make love to you right after?  That woman is a bigger
masochist than Amy ever was!
Believe me, Pal, there's no way she's thinking about sex right now!"
A uniformed maid came onto the terrace, she walked up to Ben and respectfully
handed him a note.  He read it and dismissed the woman.
"The boat's ready." he said with a small smile.
My smile was bigger, it was the first good news I had heard that day!




End of Part 23




On the Water  part 24



The 'Kajira' cut through the slightly rolling water at a steady pace, as it's
newly rebuilt engine hummed quietly to itself deep in the hull of the ocean
going yacht.  Modern electronics powered by the newly installed batteries ran
the boat for the moment, the autopilot following a programmed course while next
to it a radar screen showed the empty ocean.  All was quiet at the navigation
console as the expensive equipment did it's job, while it's human programmers
enjoyed the sun outside.
Yes, I could say we were all enjoying it, especially myself as each moment I
spent out there meant a few more yards away from Townsend's island and all that
had happened there.  It felt good to finally put all that behind us, Kiri, the
abduction of the women, being marooned, Laura's punishment...Yet there were
still nagging thoughts at the back of my mind, things yet to be explained.
Still, right now I wasn't searching for the truth. Truth could come later, right
now all I was looking for was a little comfort.
Up on deck I went forward to where the rest of our group was already assembled. 
On the starboard side near the rail was Laura, asleep on a blanket on the deck. 
Her lack of sleep the night before and her caning had taken a great deal out of
her, so Ben and I had agreed to let her have the day to relax and build up her
strength.
She lay naked on the blanket, face down, her head tilted inboard.  Around one
ankle was a tether that attached her to the rail she lay next to.  For a change
it wasn't a BDSM thing, it was just there for safety as the boat moved around so
she wouldn't roll overboard in her sleep.
Earlier Amy had rubbed some soothing cream onto her welts and covered the rest
of her in a strong sun block, so she was okay lying unconscious in the sun. 
Besides, Amy was keeping a close eye on her and wasn't going to let her burn.
Amy herself was with Ben on the port side of the foredeck. Ben was on one of the
deck chairs. In shorts and sunglasses he was reading one of several newspapers
he had picked up in town when we got the boat back.  "I can only go so long
without looking at the world" he had told me.
Amy knelt next to him. Well knelt may be to strong a word, she was curled up
next to him half on the deck and half on his lap.  Ben held his paper in one and
with the other ran his hands slowly through her hair and over her neck.
Amy kept her eyes mostly on him, an expression of bliss on her face, although
from time to time she would look over at Laura to see if she was okay.  Amy
looked cute where she was, a nude nymph with a gold band around her neck.
Me, I strode into this scene with a beer in one hand and a pillow in the other.
I was sharing Laura's blanket but unlike my little masochist I liked a bit more
comfort than a hard wood deck, hence the pillow for my head.  Unlike Ben I had
decided to go nature boy for a while, all I wore was a smile.
I settled down next to my sleeping wife and rolled onto my front.  The warm
sunlight seemed to sink into my bare skin making me feel wonderfully relaxed.
The motion of the boat and the sound of it's passage helped me relax and put my
mind in neutral, even the occasional spray of water from the bow didn't spoil
the mood.  Ben had suggested we all have a little down time and not play any
games for a day or so, and right now it seemed like a great idea.
I had not lain there long when something cool dripped onto my back, followed
immediately by a pair of soft hands. I turned my head to find Amy kneeling next
to me.
"I haven't seen you put any sun block on all day!" she said with a smile.
"I don't, usually." I replied quietly, not wanting to wake Laura.  "I've got all
these Mediterranean genes, never had sunburn in my life."
"Well maybe where you live the sun isn't as strong as down here, because you're
getting one now!" Amy said with a giggle as she spread sun block over my skin.
"You're kidding?"  I said, not believing it.
She giggled some more and smacked me lightly on the rump and I felt it a lot
more than I should have.  I looked down and saw that my behind had a light pink
tinge to it.
"Shit." I said.
Amy laughed quietly and glanced at Laura who moaned a little beside me.
"Okay,"  I said, grinning at my misfortune, "go ahead."
"Yes, Sir."  Amy replied, and I lay back and enjoyed the rub down.
She worked steadily from my neck down to the soles of my feet, before commanding
me to roll over so she could do my front.  I did so and of course the sight of
her working naked over me caused me to react.  Amy just smiled and said
something about it making it easier to make sure it was properly covered in
cream.
I was about to say something about wanting it covered in something else when
Laura began moaning again, her expression troubled.  She didn't move much but I
could see she was having a bad dream.  Even Ben had noticed, his mirrored eyes
now turned in our direction.
I watched Laura for a moment, wondering if I should wake her, then I noticed
something about her arms.
It was a strange idea, but I got up and took both her arms which were lying
beside her and crossed her wrists behind her back.  In a matter of moments
Laura's torment ceased and her face relaxed, I could feel her breathing deepen
and slow down.
"What happened?"  Amy whispered.
"Bad dream I expect." I replied.
"How did you stop it?"
"I'm not sure, it was just an idea.  She's been sleeping with her hands bound
behind her for a long time now, I just wondered if she might be more comfortable
that way.  I guess it worked."
"I wouldn't have thought of that."
"That's okay, you've already done a good job of taking care of her already, but
there is one more thing I need from you."
"Yes, Sir?"  Amy asked.
"Get me a rope, I don't want to sit here holding her the rest of the day."
With a grin Amy got up. "Yes, Sir!"




Supper was cooked in our own galley, and to me tasted the better for it.   With
the 'Kajira' still underway under the darkening skies, Amy and Laura boiled
spaghetti and cooked a sauce put together with our own supplies.  We had told
Laura that she didn't need to help, but she insisted saying she felt fine even
though she winced with almost every step.
Ben and I let her have her way, and watched amused as she took over the small
galley, bossing Amy around as the meal was put together.  Amy didn't seem to
mind and obeyed with the same soft smile and affectionate look that she gave Ben
when he was giving the orders. 
I knew that Amy had told me that she now considered Laura to be the high girl of
our two girl slave class, but here was working proof.
As they worked Ben and I sat in the booth.  I was now dressed in shorts, not
believing in my own nudity at the dinner table, and I had to keep shifting a
little as the seats didn't seem to be as comfortable as they should have been. 
I HAD gotten sunburned and it was a unique experience for me. I just wished it
had picked a better spot.
Still, compared to the way Laura's butt must have felt I had it really easy, she
wouldn't be sitting down at all for a while.
Ben was looking over a chart, and I decided that now was the time to ask him a
few questions that had been nagging at me.
"Say, Ben." I said.
"Hmmm?"
"Mind if we talk for a bit?"
"Sure, Don, what's on your mind?" Ben said. He didn't look up from the map,
instead jotting down a few notes in what I knew to be the boat's log.
"Townsend.  What's your relationship with that guy?"
Ben waited a bit before answering me in a slow, patient voice. "You don't like
him much do you."
"No, not really." I answered honestly.
"How come?"
"God...I don't know.  I just never seemed to connect with the guy, or his wife."
Ben nodded.  "I know how you feel." he admitted.
"So how come you and him were as thick as thieves the past few days?"
Ben took a breath and let it out.  "It's...difficult to explain."
"Try." I said.
Now Ben looked at me.  "I'm not sure you really want to know.  I'm damn sure I
shouldn't be telling you anything."
I leaned forward.  "Now Ben, you know with statements like that you only wet my
curiosity, not sate it."
Ben looked away for minute, deep in thought.  "Alright, I wont tell you
everything, you're going to have to be satisfied with only part of the story.
But what I tell you is strictly secret, not to be told to anyone."
Now I was VERY curious.  "Sure, you can trust me." I said.
Laura approached us and knelt on the floor.  "Supper is ready, Masters." she
said with her head bowed.  Since her whipping she wasn't taking any chances, and
she and I had yet to have a private talk about the matter. I was waiting for
tonight.
"You can serve now." Ben said, and Laura got up and headed back to the galley.  
"We'll talk after the meal." Ben said to me once she had gone.
I stifled my curiosity and reluctantly turned my attention to the meal.   Amy
and Laura served us two large plates of food and got our drinks before kneeling
beside us.  For a change I got to feed Amy while Laura was fed by Ben and I soon
got into the spirit of the meal by spilling sauce on the naked girl and licking
it off her, much to her amusement.
Squeals from behind me indicated that Amy wasn't the only one getting the tongue
treatment and after we were half done I was quite surprised when Ben stood up
and ordered Laura onto the table.
He and I picked up our plates to make room for my surprised wife and she
gingerly lay on her back.
"Rope!" Ben ordered and Amy, with a slightly red and sticky front, ran to her
cabin where a ready supply could be found.
Taking Ben's half eaten meal I watched with interest as he bound my wife face up
to the table, spreading her legs wide in the process.
"My plate!" he said, and I handed it to him.  Ben dumped the whole thing on
Laura's stomach and she squealed again as the warm food shocked that sensitive
skin.
Ben used a bread stick to smear the mixture over her breasts and down to her
pussy, before pushing the stick itself into the soft folds between her legs.
I laughed at her expression and was about to dump my own plate on her when Ben
stopped me.  "Save it!" he said with a pointed look at Amy who knelt nearby.
Amy smiled and blushed.
Ben put his plate down and gestured toward my wife.  "Dig in!"
With a squeal mixed with laughter from Laura, Ben and I licked and shlurped our
way all over her body, stopping to occasionally chew on the bread stick that
impaled her.
She wriggled and giggled her way through our meal with only the occasional cry
of pain because of her abused buttocks.
She would also yelp from time to time as hungry mouths bit down on her erect
nipples and clit, plus a number of other spots we found attractive at the time. 
It was all quite mad.
Once she was reasonably clean, and all that was left on her was a red stain and
half a bread stick in her pussy, we untied her and replaced her with Amy.
"Don't remove the bread stick."  Ben ordered Laura, stopping her just in time.
Instead she knelt where Amy had recently waited, baked dough barely visible.
My spaghetti was used to cover Amy and again a bread stick was used to help
bring out her 'special sauce', making her wince at it's insertion.  I had
forgotten about her internal injuries and realized it would be a while before
she would find the insertion of anything down there to be purely pleasurable.
Ben and I shared the meal once more and the ticklish girl writhed and wriggled
with laughter.  She tasted good though, just as good as Laura and it was hard to
leave half the bread stick alone at the end. But I figured Ben had a reason, and
it was a good one.
We untied Amy and Ben ordered her onto the floor next to Laura.  The two women
looked great, their fronts stained a deep red by the sauce and bread sticking
out of their pussies.
"Give me a hand will you." Ben said and I helped him lift the table out of the
hole in the floor it was plugged into and move it to one side.
This opened up a sizable  bit of floor space.
Ben tossed me a piece of rope.  "Tie her hands behind her." he said, pointing at
Laura.
I did so, knowing what was coming up next, as I suspect did the women.
"Okay ladies, here's the deal." he said, rubbing his hands together with glee. 
"The first one to pull the bread stick out of the other girl without using her
hands wins the prize!"
The women gasped, but they were both smiling.
"What's the prize, Sir?"  Laura asked.
"A night with whomever they choose!"
A good prize I thought.
The women agreed and the games began.
It was fun to watch, and while Ben and I did so I got us some wet wipes to clean
us up a bit.
Amy and Laura constantly moved around, their open mouths searching for their
competitors other lips.  They looked awkward on their knees with their hands
tied behind them, but they also looked as sexy as hell!  Laura's hair was
everywhere and half matted with red stuff, while Amy had somehow gotten sauce
all the way up her butt crack and smeared all over her butt cheeks.
Laura was a fighter though and it wasn't long before she used her weight
advantage to bowl over her skinny friend.
She had almost succeeded in pinning Amy down when Amy played dirty and bit Laura
on one painful ass cheek.
Laura yelped and rolled, giving Amy an opening which she used to her advantage. 
More flexible than my wife, Amy managed to bend around and swing a shapely leg
over Laura, trapping her shoulders against the sauce smeared deck.
Laura clamped her legs shut, but Amy used her teeth again, biting Laura's thighs
until Laura submitted and opened up.
I thought Amy had it won right there but Laura suddenly used a dirty trick of
her own.  With Amy's head in her crotch Laura slammed her legs together crushing
Amy's head between her thighs for a second.
Amy reared back, trying to shake the concussion from her head, and must have
relieved the pressure on Laura's shoulders for my wife used her considerable
strength to throw the lighter woman off her.
Then it was all over as Laura bowled Amy over once more and buried her head in
Amy's crotch.
Amy began to scream and laugh and seconds later Laura pulled back with a very
soggy piece of bread in her mouth.  She sat up proudly on her knees and grinned.
"We have a winner!" I said, proud of her, yet amazed at how brutal the fight had
been.
"Good job, Laura." Ben added.  "You can eat the bread stick!"
Laura sucked in the bread and started chewing, laughing as she did so.
"Amy," Ben said, "You okay?"
Amy still lay on her back where Laura had left her, a dazed expression on her
face.  "Yes, Sir. Just a little ringing in my ears." she said with a giggle.
We all laughed.  "Well you had better eat something.  I don't expect Laura would
mind if you finished off the bread stick inside her."
Laura's smile grew and she opened her legs wide.  "No, Sir, I wouldn't!"
With a sheepish grin Amy crawled forward to claim her own prize and Laura began
to blush as Amy quite literally began to eat her out.
"Who do you want to spend the night with?"  I asked my wife.
Laura's blush deepened.  "I hope you don't mind, Sir, but I was hoping to stay
with Amy tonight."
Amy sat up, the remains of the bread stick just poking out of her mouth.
Ben and I looked at each other.  He said "That wasn't really what I meant, but
then again I never said it couldn't be Amy."
"I'll choose between one of you Masters, if you want." Laura said, but I could
see that her choice had already been made.
"Ben," I said, "a word, up top?"
Ben nodded and we walked past the panting women up to the deck.
"Ben, I don't know if we should allow this."
Ben looked thoughtful.  "I know what you mean, they should be thinking of
serving us first, not each other."
"Didn't we agree a while back that we came before they did? A lot of the rules
we placed on their online correspondence was based on that!"
"True, yet..."
"What?"
"Let's let Laura have what she wants tonight, after all we did say it was going
to be an easy day.  But we make sure tomorrow that it's business as usual for
both of them and we expect the utmost attention to their slave rules from that
point on."
I had to think for a moment.  I really wanted to talk to Laura tonight, but I
figured it could wait a little longer. Besides, this might give me a chance to
hear Ben's story.
"Okay. I agree, but instead of getting a nice cushy bed to play on we tether
them out here.  The night is warm and if we give them some toys to play with
they'll be fine."
Ben chuckled.  "That's cruel, but brilliant.  Laura gets WHO she wants yet in a
way she suffers for that choice.  I like it."
I smiled.  "Let's go tell the women!"
Of course our slave girls weren't all that happy at having to spend the night on
deck with out even a blanket between them, but we got them settled and tethered
to the same chain they get locked to while cleaning the boat.  We left them a
bag of toys and went below.
We settled down in the seats across from the galley area, and Ben told me what
had been bothering him ever since we met Philip Townsend.




End of Part 24.




On the Water  part 25



It was dark, and would have been pitch black if it hadn't been for the mast
light.  An overcast sky hid the stars from view, and it was still several hours
to sunrise.
I sat at the bow of the boat, my feet dangling over the edge, leaning against
the rail.
The 'Kajira' was still under power, running along on it's auto pilot while Ben
was below watching the radar.
According to it, somewhere out there was rain, and when that came the radar's
accuracy might become degraded.
I wasn't out here to watch for ships though. No, I was trying to digest what Ben
had told me.
It was, to be quite frank, amazing.
First Ben covered the part I had told you earlier, his first boarding of the
'DreamBoat' and the meeting of the older men in Townsend's shipboard study. 
Then he continued on...



"An offer I cant refuse?  No such thing." Ben said to the gray haired man.
The man sat back with a smile.  "You may be right, if you're willing to pay the
price of refusal, whatever it turns out to be. But I made a poor choice of
words.  I should have said, an offer you wouldn't want to refuse!"
Ben glanced about at the other men in the room, all were watching him and for
the first time in a long time Ben felt like he was at a disadvantage.
All these men gave off an almost imperceptible aura of control and power.  Ben
felt that any of them, in a group of other people, would instantly be given
leadership of that group.  Ben knew this for usually that was his fate. He had
never had problems taking over or imposing his will on others in the course of
his business.
Amy said it was because he was a natural Dominant, that there was something
about his physical make up and attitude that triggered the submissive response
to a lesser or greater degree of those around him.
Ben wasn't so sure but he didn't discount her theory either.
But here, in this room, he was sure he was in the company of men who were
exactly like himself.
No wonder they had gravitated to BDSM, he thought.
"I would," Ben said, "be more inclined to talk business, if I knew who I was
talking to."
"I couldn't agree more." the gray haired man said, extending a hand.  "You can
call me Joseph, Joseph Booth."
Ben took the offered hand an shook it.  "And the others?"
Joseph shook his head.  "Sorry, you only get MY name right now."
Ben settled back in his chair.  "Okay.  So what is this big offer that you have
for me?"
Joseph took a deep breath.  "We thought, considering your background and your
wealth, that you would be a good addition to our little group."
"And what group is that?"  Ben asked.



Ben took a long time thinking about how to tell me the rest. What he did tell me
was piecemeal and brought up more questions than were answered, but was still
incredible.
Operating out of the New York area, but supposedly containing members spread
throughout the USA and Great Britain, was a group of high powered, high ranking
individuals that all had one thing in common.  An involvement of some sort in
the art of BDSM.
Some pursued it merely as a hobby while others incorporated it into their daily
lives.
Brought together by their social status they discovered a need to band together
for mutual protection, for very few of them could stand the public exposure of
their kink.
As a group, they could remain hidden, yet a group of such people also had power,
and considering the nature of the men and women involved the ability to use that
power.
Yet they hadn't, much.
All of those involved knew what discipline meant, and how power could be abused.
Ben wouldn't say much more except that he had been given the opportunity to join
this group, and that was what had been on his mind.
That was when the radar started pinging and Ben refused to say any more about
the matter.  He went and sat at his radar screen and after a while I came out on
deck.
The women were curled up in a ball together in one corner of the stern.   It had
only been an hour since we had locked them up here but they were asleep
together.  I noticed the bag of toys virtually untouched.
Leaving them alone I went forward and sat where I am now.
That was a few hours ago, and I wondered why I wasn't sleepy.
It couldn't just be the news from Ben, although I did wonder what his answer to
them had been.  Somehow, Ben had gotten out of telling me that.
With a sigh I sat and watched the blackness.




"Wake up sleepy head!" I heard as someone shook my shoulder.
I cracked my eyes open to admit the daylight I could tell was out there.  It was
bright, but not as bright as I expected.
Good.
I rolled over to see my wife crouched over me, smiling. "When did you come out
here, did you sleep here all night?" she asked.
I nodded, and noticed I was lying on one of the deck chairs. I had a vague
recollection of moving over to it sometime during the night.  "Slave,"  I said,
blinking the sleep from my eyes, "I could kill for a cup of coffee right now."
Laura's expression changed, from amused wife to dutiful slave girl.  "Yes,
Master."
I watched her pad away, her pretty ass wriggling delightfully,  and then sat up.
The boat was still moving but not as fast as before. The air was heavy and wet
and from what I could tell the only wind was from it's own passage across the
water.
The sky was white and gray with heavy overcast, the horizon lost to the
humidity.
I worked my way to the stern and below to find the boat's air conditioning on.
Ben still sat at the navigation console and looked as tired as I felt.
He glanced over at me and a weary grin appeared on his unshaven face.  "Good,
you look somewhat rested. I need you to spell me for a while."
"What's up?"  I said, stepping carefully past the sticky red mess all over this
level of the deck, the left over sauce from our meal.
"We're still about five hours away from our destination, but I didn't want to
leave the radar in this weather.  The weather reports tell of rain all around
us, heavy at times.
Rain like that can show up on radar and mask things we might run into.  I need
you to watch it while I get some sleep."
"Sure, you could have woken me earlier!"
Ben shrugged and got up. He moved forward to his own cabin, passing the two
women working in the galley.  He stared at them, as did I.  They were still half
covered in the pasta sauce from the night before, but they both looked happy and
very well rested, not to mention very beautiful.
Amy looked at her Master and struck a sexy pose. "Would you like me to accompany
you, Sir?" 
Ben chuckled.  "If you did that, my love, I'd never get any rest."
Amy giggled.  "Oh, so you want to REST!"
Ben cuffed her affectionately on the chin and she laughed.
With a smile Ben turned to me and said, "This boat's a mess.  I want it ship
shape by the time I get up, outside and in!"
"Sure thing Captain!" I said grinning.
Ben laughed.  "The ship is yours, Number One!" he said, before disappearing into
his cabin and shutting the door.
Laura came over and deposited a cup of coffee and a bowl of cereal in front of
me.
"Thank you, slave!"  I said with a smile and Laura curtsied.
"Will there be anything else, Sir?"  Laura asked.
"Yes." I said, standing.  "Secure the galley and get up on deck, pronto.  I want
you both in your deck cleaning bondage ASAP!  You heard the Captain, he wants
this boat ship shape which I take to mean clean from stem to stern, and you're
the lazy swabs that get to clean it!  Now move!"
Laughing the women quickly made sure nothing in the galley would fall over with
the movement of the boat or start a fire and quickly made their way onto the
deck of the 'Kajira'.  I watched through the pilot house windows as Laura placed
first Amy, then herself in bondage.
I was a little surprised when Laura dug in the toy bag which was still up on
deck, and pulled out something I couldn't immediately make out.  It was only
when she used the objects on Amy that I saw what they were, nipple clamps, not
standard equipment for the ordered task.
Amy's eyes were wide and her mouth clamped tightly shut as Laura applied the
clamps, then Laura said something I couldn't catch over the sound of the engine
beneath my feet, before both women started working.
From Amy's expression, I could tell that the clamps must have been tight.  Now I
knew that Amy hated wearing nipple clamps, her nipples being very sensitive
indeed. Even Ben didn't use them on her very often.
Again Laura had exerted her dominance over Amy, using her intimate knowledge of
Amy to the younger woman's disadvantage. Trust Laura to know exactly how to
strike deep into Amy's vulnerable spots. I felt I had to watch that Laura didn't
go overboard...again. 
Maybe I should have put a stop to her dominating Amy, but from what Amy said it
was something they both wanted, and it obviously made both women happy.  I hated
to do anything that disturbed their happiness.
With my eye half on the radar I watched the women work their way around the
deck.  Once they finished that job I went up and released them from the long
chain that held them to the mast.
"What's this?" I asked them, pointing at the clamps on Amy's bright red swollen
nipples and pretending ignorance (no comments from the gallery please!).
"Nipple clamps, Sir."  Laura said with a smug smile.
"I know that, slave girl.  What I don't understand is why this girl is wearing
them.  I don't recall nipple clamps as being a part of the standard cleaning
bondage!" I said, as seriously as I could.
I was just having fun with them, but neither of them knew that.  Amy looked at
the deck, her own tortured smile gone while Laura's smug grin slowly
disappeared.
"Sir,"  said Laura, "I just...we were just playing, Sir."
"Playing?" I said slowly. "You were playing when you should have been working?"
"No, Sir...I mean...it only took a second..." Laura suddenly clamped her mouth
shut and looked at the deck.  I could see her begin to tremble.  I was a little
surprised, I hadn't meant to scare her that badly.
Her caning on the island must really have affected her. I thought that she
needed to relearn that not all punishments would be like the cane, and that in
fact most punishments were usually pleasures in disguise.
I turned to the other slave girl.  "Amy, why are you wearing clamps while Laura
isn't?"
Amy glanced at Laura, I could see indecision in her eyes.
"Well?" I said.
"Sir, I do not know?" she said eventually, her tone uncertain.
"Did you put those clamps on yourself?"
"No, Sir."
"Laura put them on you?"
Amy glanced at her friend again.  "Yes, Sir, but as she said it was only a
game!"
"Why didn't you put clamps on Laura in return?" I asked.
"I...er...she didn't want them, Sir."
Both women now stood staring at the deck, their ankles locked in the one foot
spreader bars that made movement difficult for them, their hands held behind
them.
I snorted.  "Well I think you have worn them long enough.  Take them off!"
"Yes...Sir."  Amy whispered.
I watched as she reached up with both hands to remove the clamps that had been
squeezing her tender nipples for over an hour now, and she actually closed her
eyes as she removed them.
I knew clamps hurt coming off, having tried one on myself out of curiosity once,
and I could see that Amy was dealing hard with the pain of their removal by
biting her lip and shifting her weight back and forth from one foot to the
other.
I waited until her eyes opened again before speaking.  "Now put them on Laura."
Amy looked up at me for a second, as did my wife.  Amy said nothing but moved
toward Laura who had tensed up.
I'm not sure if I actually saw next what I think I saw, my angle wasn't good,
but as Amy positioned the clamps over my wife's erect nipples and let go of them
both at once, I could have sworn that Amy smiled and whispered something.
Laura took in a deep breath and I could tell from her reaction that these clamps
were tight ones.  I had put nipple clamps on her many times myself and knew her
limits.
The little sadist was now getting a taste of her own medicine.
"Amy go get a set of hand cuffs and another set of nipple clamps, this time with
a connecting chain." I ordered.
"Yes, Sir."  Amy said with a worried look on her face. I could see she thought
she was free of wearing clamps on her nipples for a while.
As Amy dug in the toy bag I watched my wife come to terms with the clamps,
standing with her face scrunched up and her toes curled.  I could see her
desperately holding her hands behind her, resisting the urge to reach around and
pull the clamps off.  Not to worry, she would soon get help keeping her hands
away from her breasts.
I wondered how Amy had managed not pull them off, seeing that her hands had been
free to do so.  It must have been something Laura had said that stopped her,
wow!
Amy came back and I had her lock Laura's hands behind her, then I took the
nipple clamps with the chain I had asked for.
I approached my wife smiling, and Laura's eyes grew worried. She knew this
smile.
I held up one clamp in front of her face, and slowly brought it forward to her
nose.  I carefully released it on her septum, checking the tension to make sure
it was just the right tightness.  When I figured I had it right I gave it a
quick tug making Laura cry out.  It wasn't coming off.
"Sir?"  Laura said, now looking in my eyes.
"What?"  I answered.
Laura stared at me, "Nothing."
"Thought so."  I said, then I turned to Amy in time to see her smiling at her
friend's predicament.  "Come here." I ordered.
Amy's smile faltered, but she padded forward.
"Hands behind your head, move in closer." I told her, and she did as I asked.
The chain was maybe eighteen inches long, kinda long for a nipple chain,
depending on what you used it for, but it was perfect for my intentions.  I
carefully clipped the second clamp to Amy's septum, making sure that it too
wouldn't jerk off.
Both women whimpered when I let the chain go to hang between them.
"Very nice." I said, standing back to admire their sauce coated bodies.  "Now
head below and clean up all the mess down there.  When that's done you can come
back up here and wash yourselves."
"Sir,"  Amy said. "How are we supposed to...?"
"Any way you can!" I interrupted. "But you had better be quick, you don't want
Ben to come out finding a dirty boat!"
Amy gave me a sick smile then began waddling to the hatch.  Laura tried to keep
up but it was difficult for her to do so and I had fun watching the two of them
negotiate the narrow hatch and stairway.
Yes, it was going to be a fun day.




When the rain came down it came down hard, drumming on the roof of the boat like
the solo from "In the Garden of Eden" or "Inna-godda-davida" to the uninformed.
The sea had come up also and I wondered if we were going to have a storm, even
though the weather report I had just listened to gave no indication of rough
weather, just rain.
Our radar could see clearly for only about a mile, and I kept an eye on it as
best I could despite the distractions.
The distractions were called Laura and Amy, and after they had finished cleaning
the boat and themselves I had been amusing myself with the two of them.  I was
enjoying this rare opportunity to have two beautiful women completely under my
beck and call.
I had removed Laura's nipple clamps, for which she thanked me a lot, and cuffed
Amy's hands behind her.  Both women still wore the one foot hobbles and had
their noses connected with the chain.
Like this I had given them a bathroom break and watched discretely as the
twosome overcame their embarrassment of sharing their bathroom functions with
each other.  Normally not one for bathroom games I still enjoyed watching how
they cooperated with each other, them sharing the task of making sure they were
both clean.
Then came our fun game.
I was sitting naked at the navigation console where I could watch the radar, but
facing in toward the center of the boat.  Kneeling before me were the slave
girls, and in my hand I had a timer.
The game was simple, each girl would take turns orally servicing me and the one
who finally made me cum would win a prize. The kicker was each turn would only
last a minute and the girls would have to quickly switch, hence the timer.
I was enjoying this competition immensely as I was blown by both the women,
noting the differences in their approach.
Laura kept her teeth off me as she knew I liked it that way, using her tongue to
provide a wonderful friction of my head while her lips took care of my shaft. 
Amy didn't use her teeth at first, and went more for using the back of her
throat, but the sneaky little subbie had another trick up her nonexistent
sleeve.  Whenever she sensed I was getting really close and she was almost out
of time she would grab just behind the head of my penis with her teeth and bite
down.
Not hard, for that would have been a big mistake on her part, but just enough to
shock me and bring down my high a fraction.
She knew that it would take all her minute for Laura to bring me back up which
would leave Amy with a better chance at winning.
The third time she did this I caught her eye and saw what I had come to know as
her "Sammy" smile, a mischievous grin full of determination and laughter.
I smiled, but was helpless at that point to change the outcome if I wanted to,
and the next time Amy's turn came up she won of course.
"Don't...swallow..." I managed to gasp as I began pumping Amy's mouth.  I
finished cuming and pulled out, a line of cum falling down her chin and onto her
breasts.  Amy had her cheeks puffed and looked a little distressed.  I had no
idea if she had ever been ordered to hold it in her mouth before, but now she
was getting to know the full taste.
I let her kneel there while Laura cleaned me up with her tongue, and watched
while Amy resigned herself to her fate.
I wasn't done yet.
"Thank you Laura." I said to my wife, who smiled at me and gave Amy a smug look.
I sat back and waited, watching the women kneel patiently in front of me.   God,
they were beautiful!
I thought to myself that the Lord could take me now and I would have no regrets.
"Amy," I said after a bit, "I think it's time you got rid of that stuff in your
mouth, don't you agree?"
Amy nodded, quite eagerly in fact.
"Then why don't you pass it on to Laura then."  I suggested.
Amy looked confused for just a moment, then her eyes opened wide.   Laura had
already caught on and I could see that she couldn't decide whether to laugh or
be shocked.
Then Amy shrugged and turned to her friend and I watched as the two of them
kissed, Amy passing my cum mixed with her spit directly into the mouth of my
wife.
When they were done they separated as much as the chain between their noses
would allow, and this time it was Laura who had bulging cheeks.
Then the rain hit.
"You can swallow!" I yelled at her over the downpour and she did so quickly, a
smile and a belch her reply.
Amy knelt up straight.  "Thank you, Sir." she said, "Can you tell me what I
win?"
"Didn't I just give you your prize?"  I said to her with an evil grin.
"Oh Sir!"  Amy cried.
I laughed.  "Okay, everyone on deck!" I yelled and I go up and headed outside.
Yes the rain was hard, a cool hard shower that pounded me all over like a huge
massage spray.  It felt great being out there and I yelled into the face of
nature as my entire body was pummeled.
The ladies struggled on deck and in seconds were drenched to the bone, their
hair plastered to their skulls.  Laura's longer hair conformed to her body and
she looked even sexier.  As I said before, I love wet women!
I went over and pulled both naked women to me and held them close to me in the
rain, almost dying with pleasure at the feel of their wet bodies against mine.  
Out here, in the elements, I wanted to have them both.
"Hey guys!" I heard a voice yell.  It was Ben shouting from the hatchway.  The
rain must have woken him up.
"Come on out Ben!" I yelled with a big grin on my face.  Amy turned to look at
her Master.
Ben chuckled, and with a shrug stepped out and joined us.
He took his slave into his arms and almost pulled her nose off before seeing the
chain attached to it.
He laughed and gave Amy a big kiss.
Meanwhile I was letting my hands roam all over Laura, giving her breasts and
groin a lot of attention.  Laura squirmed and wriggled under my touch and I knew
that the day had to have been having a sexual affect on her, for her sex was hot
and moist.
I noticed out of the corner of my eye that Ben had struggled out of his wet
clothes and the four of us, all naked now, lowered ourselves to the deck.   I
had Laura lie on her back on her cuffed hands, an uncomfortable position I know,
and entered her easily with a single stroke.
Only a foot away Ben had done the same with Amy, and while nature pounded us Ben
and I pounded our women.
Once again Amy was the vocal champion of our group, her cries of passion mixed
in with cries of pain as her scarred vaginal canal took the whole of Ben's
length and girth.
I barely noticed though as Laura had wrapped her legs around me and sang of her
own passion as we came together.
At the crucial moment thunder and lightning tore across the sky as if announcing
our climax, and I almost collapsed with laughter as the thought hit me.
Laura and I did lay giggling together when we finished, both seeing the strange
coincidence in the weather. We were joined moments later by Ben and Amy and the
four of us, two bound and connected by their noses with a chain, lay back in the
pouring rain and basked in how good life could be.
As the commercial said, "it don't get any better than this!"
Then the alarm on the radar went off.



End of Part 25.





On the Water  part 26



Ben got up and headed quickly inside.  I helped the women up and helped them
below, wondering what was out there waiting for us.
Ben, dripping wet, was seated at the navigation console smiling. He turned to
watch us come in.  "It's okay, its just the island finally on radar."
Well I felt better, and I could see the women looked relieved too. I guess we
were all still a little jumpy because of their kidnapping.
I could see that they were shivering and dripping water all over the deck as
well, so I went and got some towels.
By the time I got back Ben had released them all of their bondage, including the
nose chain and the four of us quickly began drying ourselves off.
"Thank you."  Laura said with a smile when I gave her hers.
"Have I told you lately how beautiful you are?"  I said to her.
She stuck out her tongue at me but still she smiled.
Despite our getting dry though it was still cold, and the boat was rocking even
more in the heavy sea.
"Ladies!"  Ben said in his command voice. "Go forward and climb under the covers
of our bed, I want you to stay warm. But no playing.  Wait for me, I'll be along
in a minute."
"Yes, Sir." both our loved ones answered, and they scampered off to the forward
cabin.
"Don," said Ben, "You go get dressed as well.  I'm going to put the girls away
for a while and then we can see about finding some shelter from the weather."
"Sure, Ben." I answered. "Do you think it's going to get serious?"
Ben glared at me.  "Any bad weather at sea is serious, Don.  But I'm not
expecting anything big, just being careful."
I nodded and headed back to my cabin.
I found some jeans and a long sleeved shirt, more clothes than I have worn for a
while, and put them on as protection against the chill.  I figured a front must
be passing over us, that would account for the sudden temperature change.
Ben took several minutes longer than I did but eventually he came out of his
cabin dressed much as I was.
He sat again at the console and used the radar image and what little we could
see out the windows to guide us around the island.
Suddenly the rain began to lessen although it never stopped entirely and I could
finally see the island clearly.
It was oddly shaped, something like a door wedge.  One end was the high point of
the island, cliffs dropping straight down to the water, while a gentle slope ran
all the way to the other end of the island where it became a small cove with a
beach, the only beach on the island Ben told me.
The entire island was covered in  thick growth of trees, but here and there bare
rock was visible, especially near the summit.
Using the joystick Ben carefully steered us into the cove.
He looked at me over his shoulder. "Someone has to set the anchors." he said
with a grin.
I shook my head and laughed.  "You win, Captain!"
I didn't want my dry clothes ruined so I stripped naked once more and went back
out in the rain.  It wasn't so bad really, the soft rain was warmer than the
hard rain of earlier and the air seemed to be warming up also.
I got the anchors laid  and went back inside.
"I'm out of towels." I said as I came back in.
"Look in my private head, but don't release the women yet." Ben answered,
shutting down the engine.
I went forward and passed into the forward cabin.  On the big bed I could see
two huddled forms under the blankets, all that was visible of them were their
heads, and even then all I could see was the back of them.
I grabbed a towel and as I dried off I took a closer look.
Amy was the closest, so I careful pulled the covers off her.  Ben had hogtied
her with rope, it was very well done with none of the knots within reach.  He
had also gagged and blindfolded her, a bright red ball gag forcing her jaws wide
open.
Chuckling I put the covers back and went around to my wife.  She was trussed up
in exactly the same way and I smiled and left them as I found them.  They
definitely wouldn't be doing any playing in that condition.
I dressed once more and joined Ben in the galley as he brewed some coffee.  He
looked a little preoccupied.
"You still thinking about that offer Townsend's friend gave you?" I asked.
"No, actually.  I was thinking about the island outside.  I've had enough of
thinking about Booth and his offer."
"You never did tell me what you decided, if you HAVE decided anything!"
Ben looked at me for a moment.  "No, I didn't.  Look, Don, let's just put that
subject away for a while huh?  There's only a few days left before you and Laura
have to head back home.  Let's just enjoy them."
I stared at Ben. A part of me wanted to pressure him into answering, but I to
was fed up with Townsend and the whole Kiri business.  "Sure." I told him.
Ben smiled and nodded, and looked slightly relieved.
"So!" I said. "We're going ashore soon?"
Ben looked away, pouring himself a cup of coffee.  "Actually, I wanted to talk
to you about that.  That's why I put the women away."
"You have a plan huh?"  I said with a smile. Some planned fun and games would be
good right now.
"Yeah, I have a plan, but it doesn't involve you."
I was put back a little by that.  "What?"
"Sit down, Don."
I sat.
"Don, coming here to this island is something Amy and I always do when we make
this trip, and this time I wasn't planning on changing that tradition.  There is
a special...well, "game" isn't the right word, but it's better than nothing,
there's a game we like to play here that we cant play elsewhere."
"Oh, so you and Amy want some play time to yourselves." I said, thinking I
understood.  "That's fine. Laura and I can lounge about on the beach for a
while."
"Er...no, that's not quite it."  Ben said.  "It's something that takes more than
a few hours, usually a couple of days, almost definitely two nights."
"Oh.  Well I'm sure we'll survive."
"There is another thing.  Now that we've taken that step...you know...us, and
how we are now trading our women. Well, I was thinking of this time...taking
Laura instead of Amy."
I took a breath, and let it out slowly.  "You want to take Laura with you to
this island, for a couple of nights of private play?"
Ben nodded.  He didn't look very nervous, despite the hesitant way he had asked. 
Me, I was nervous.
"Ben, can I ask what this game which isn't really a game is all about?"
Ben sighed.  "I guess it's only fair you should know, but Laura can't know
anything in advance, okay?"
"You got it!"  I said to him, eager to hear his plans and wondering how my wife
would be a part of them. When he told me, my eyes opened wide!




The rain was still coming down but it was more of mist now. It added to the
general humidity giving the air weight where it shouldn't have had any.  Also
the temperature had come back up and I had switched back to wearing just a pair
of swim trunks.
All four of us were on deck, the women having been released not long before,
their arms and legs testifying to this via red lines that wound around them. 
Amy, upon seeing the island took on an attitude of excitement, mixed in with a
little breathless fear.  I would imagine a first time sky diver would look much
the same as he contemplated the two mile fall below him.
Amy looked over at Ben, who was pulling some rope out of one of the deck
lockers.
"I didn't think we'd be coming here this trip!" she said to him with a smile.
Ben looked up and shook his head.  "You're not." he replied.
Amy frowned and I watched as logic dawned.  She looked over at Laura who was
watching the shoreline, oblivious as to what was going on behind her.
Amy inclined her head toward Laura, and Ben nodded.  She looked at me as if to
see if I knew what was going on, so I smiled and nodded too.
She padded over to Ben and began whispering in his ear, but I was still close
enough to hear them.
"Sir, you cant take her up there!" she whispered.
"Why not, I've taken you many times."  Ben answered quietly.
"But Sir, Laura wont know what's going on.  You'll have to tell her everything."
Ben stayed silent.
"Sir, you ARE going to tell her aren't you?"  Amy looked horrified.
Ben leaned closer to his intended bride.  "Only as much as I told you the first
time, and you aren't allowed to expand on that.  One word out of you to her and
your ass is hamburger."
Amy shuddered and glanced at me again. I was looking the other way at the time,
watching them out of the corner of my eye, so I doubt she thought I was
evesdropping.
"Sir.  Does...he know everything?"
Ben chuckled, and moved away from her, carrying the rope with him below.
Amy stood in thought for a moment then approached me.  "Sir, What has Ben told
you about this place?"
For some reason Ben wanted Amy kept ignorant about things, and had asked me to
play along. "He didn't need to tell me much, I trust him."  I said to her.
"But Sir..."  Amy whispered, glancing at Laura who stood proudly at the bow. 
"Sir, I..."
"What?" I asked.  Amy seemed to be on the verge of tears and I was wondering if
she was jealous of Laura or if there was more to what Ben planned than what he
had told me.
"Sir, Laura might not be up to...Couldn't you tell Ben that you want Laura to
stay and for him to take me instead?"
"Why, don't you want to stay here with me?"  I asked her calmly.
"No...Yes...I mean...It's just that...!"  Amy ground to a stop, unable to decide
what was the right thing to say.
I leaned forward as Ben had done.  "Someone in your position, shouldn't question
the orders of their Master."
Pale, Amy nodded.
"Amy, I am going to ask you one thing, and you had better tell me the truth."
"Yes, Sir."
"Is there any REAL reason why Laura and Ben shouldn't be alone over there?"
Amy swallowed, and then looked once more at Laura.  Deep in thought she touched
her bare nipples with one hand and then absentmindedly brushed her groin before
looking back at me.
In her eyes now was something new, a glint of something much like determination,
but a little more evil.
"No Sir, there is no reason she can't go ashore with Ben. I was
just...overreacting I guess.  I wanted to go with him but I'm just as happy to
stay here with you!"
I didn't believe her, and I made sure my expression said that clearly. But I
didn't verbally call her on it.
Amy looked like she had read my expression accurately though, and lowered her
eyes.
"Go help Ben."  I told her, and the naked subbie padded quickly away.
As I joined my wife at the bow I thought about why Laura going ashore with Ben
would be considered revenge by Amy.




Laura looked at the scraps of leather with an amused smile.
Ben had handed her a couple of wide strips of fur that looked like it had been
skinned off something with spots.
"Put those on." he ordered and Laura took a moment to figure out what to do with
them before obeying the order.
One strip she wrapped about her hips, tying it on one side. It gave her a little
modest protection, if she didn't move much.
The other strip she used to cover her breasts with, tying it on the same side as
her bottoms.
I have to say she looked very sexy, and I realized then how used to her being
nude I had gotten.  It reminded me that women could look just as alluring IN
clothes as out of them, and even as in Laura's case right now, more naked than
naked!  Her skins only emphasized her nudity underneath them, if that makes
sense to you.
"Very nice!"  I said to her.
She smiled and did a twirl so we could see all of it, her striped buttocks
showing easily as the cloth moved about.
She looked like a barbarian princess with her silver collar shining brightly
around her neck.
Now it was my turn.
"Laura?" I said, catching her attention.  I pointed at the deck by my feet and
she smoothly came to a kneeling position beside me.
"Yes, Master?"  she said, a twinkle in her eye. She glanced quickly at Amy who
knelt by Ben, and I wondered if she was puzzled why Amy didn't look at her.
"Laura, it's time for another game." I said. "This one you'll be playing just
with Ben."
"Yes, Sir!" she said eagerly, casting a warm smile at Ben.
"Here's what's going to happen.  In a few minutes I'm going to row you ashore
and you are to head into the jungle and hide.  In about an hour I'll do the same
for Ben and his job is to find you."
"Sure, hide and seek, it could be fun!"  Laura said giggling.
Amy sighed.
"Not quite." I answered.  "For a start, you're to do your best to make sure that
Ben doesn't find you, and you aren't allowed back here either for if Amy or I
see you then you lose.  You also have to evade him for quite some time, until
dark tomorrow in fact."
Laura's smile faded.  "You mean I have to stay out there alone all night?"
"Yes, you do."
"No!  I don't want to do it. I cant stay out all night by myself!"
"Laura, you'll be fine. You can do it."
"No!"
Amy spoke up.  "Laura, you'll be okay, there's nothing on the island that can
hurt you!"
"What do you mean? What if I get bitten by something?"
"There's nothing there that's poisonous and it's only birds and insects anyway,
no animals."
"Have YOU done this?"  Laura asked her fellow sub.
"Yes, you'll be fine."
Laura didn't look convinced.
"Laura," Ben said, breaking his silence.  "You WILL go!"
Laura opened her mouth as if to protest again, then closed it before looking at
me.  From her kneeling position she bent low, kissed my feet and then looked up
at me.  "Master, this lowly slave does not wish to spend the night alone on the
island."
"But...?"  I said, using my own command voice.
There was a moment of silence.
"She will go."  Laura eventually said.
"Good.  If you make it until tomorrow evening without any of us seeing you or
Ben catching you, then your reward is the repeal of the rest of your caning
sentence.  You wont be caned again by Ben."
Laura almost smiled, and I knew then I had picked a proper reward.  Ben and I
had discussed what she should win if, and it was a big if, she won. It had to be
something real and something that would motivate her to not give up just to see
what Ben would do if he caught her.
Her expression turned serious and I could almost see those mental cogwheels
going.  Now that she had resigned herself to going she was going to make damn
sure that she would benefit from it.
"What if I lose, Sir?"
I spoke slowly and calmly, making sure that Laura saw the seriousness of what I
was saying.  "If you lose, then you belong to Ben for as long as he plans on
staying here, and he has already told me it could be a couple of days at least. 
You wont see me or Amy during that time, and there will be no restrictions on
what he can do with you.  If he wants to cane you now instead of later in the
week then he is free to do so, and he will still be able to cane you later.  You
wont have any options with him here, no safe words, no limits.  Your life will
be in his hands and I get what's left of you when you return."
The look of fear was still on her face, but it wasn't a crippling fear.
"Sir, one more question."
"Very well."
"Sir, will you and Amy be doing this as well, after Ben brings me back...IF he
catches me?"
I shook my head.  "No, this is strictly for the two of you."
Laura looked down, sitting back she assumed her Total Slave position.  "Yes,
Sir."  she said.  She was breathing deeply and I could see that I had succeeded
in convincing her of the seriousness of this...yes Ben was right, "game" was a
bad word.
The row boat had already been put in the water and I ordered my slave/wife into
it.   I rowed her to the beach about a hundred yards away and she stepped out
onto the sand.
She was no longer the barbarian princess, rather she looked like a golden haired
native girl, her hair fighting a losing battle against the light rain, her skin
slick and shiny, her breasts pushing against the spotted fur halter she had tied
about them.
She looked miserable, yet determined. Scared, but capable.
She looked beautiful.
"One hour." I told her, and began the long row back to the boat.
She stood on the beach and watched me for a moment, before disappearing bare
foot into the trees.
I hoped she would be okay.




An hour later Ben came up from below.  He was dressed in the same kind of
leathers as Laura was,  a large loin cloth and a pair of fur clad boots.
With his build he looked very much the wild man.
With out looking at either Amy or myself, he dropped a bag he had been carrying
into the row boat with the cooler of food and water he had already loaded.
When he DID look at us, his expression was very serious, not that of someone
about to embark on a game.
He stared at Amy for a moment, then turned that gaze on me.
I saw then what Amy, and maybe even Laura saw when he was in full dominant mode. 
A man of power, a serious man who wasn't in control just because you let him,
but because control was where he was SUPPOSED to be.
You obeyed such a man simply because to do anything else made no sense.
I wondered if I would ever get that look, and a part of me felt a little jealous
that Ben already did.
"You watch her, " he said to me, "you look after her.  You can use the beach but
don't go into the jungle.  If things work out I may invite you up in a couple of
days. But unless I do, STAY AWAY!"
"Yes, Sir." I said to him, taking that look and that voice seriously.
"Now, row me over."
I did as he asked, and helped him unload the rowboat before heading back alone
to the 'Kajira'.
Aboard the yacht once more, I stood with Amy as we watched Ben haul his stuff
one item at a time into the jungle.
Then, he appeared no more and we were alone.
"Tell me Amy, what was the longest time you were able to evade capture?" I
asked.
"Only one time did I make it until dark, only once." she replied softly.
I nodded and we stood and watched the jungle for a while longer.




End of Part 26. 




On the Water  part 27



As you may have inferred from this chronicle, I am very much in lust with Amy. 
It cant have passed your attention that I have wanted to spend time alone with
her, almost since the beginning of this trip.   To be honest, these feelings
came upon me a lot earlier in our relationship, as we got to know each other
online.
So, now that I had Amy alone, with the prospect of at least a couple of days of
uninterrupted fun, you'd think I'd have that girl chained down to a bunk and
satisfying my lust before her Master got a hundred yards into the bush.
Well, sorry to disappoint you but at that moment I wasn't thinking of the nubile
piece of womanhood who stood next to me at the rail.  While I was in lust with
Amy, I was in LOVE with Laura.
My thoughts and feelings were full of her.
I did glance at Amy, and suspected that her thoughts may have been similar to
mine, except her focus would have been on Ben.  She looked up at me at that
moment, and gave me a smile. But there was a tenseness between us now, as if
there were things expected of both of us yet we weren't sure how to get started,
or even if we wanted to.
"So, what now?"  I said to her with a weak smile of my own.
"Shouldn't I be asking that, Sir?"  Amy replied.
I watched her lovely face and thought for a moment.  "Tell you what, let's put
aside the Master/slave thing for a while, okay?  We haven't really spent time as
friends yet this trip, and I know we both enjoy that part of our relationship."
Some genuine warmth flowed into her smile, I liked it.
"You serious, Sir?" she asked. "Just friends for a while?"
"Yes!" I said warmly, and was surprised when Amy jumped into my arms and gave me
a big wet kiss!
"Oh, Don, thank you!  I was wondering if we would ever get to talk as friends. 
It's hard to stay in slave girl mode the whole time even though Ben said it
would be appropriate!"
I laughed.  "It's okay, Amy.  You can act normally now."
"Thanks, Don!  It means a lot to me to be your friend, and I was wondering if I
would get a chance!"
"No problem.  In fact,"  I let go of her and took a step back, taking in the
full sight of the nude young woman, "in fact why don't you go below and find a
dress to wear. Crank up the A/C too, it's getting hot again!"
"Sure, Don!"  Amy took a last look at the island and then went below.
I took a last look too, wished my wife luck, and followed her inside.
I was hungry, so I went straight to the galley.  All of our food had been
prepared by the women so far this trip, but I felt like cooking. So after seeing
what Ben had left us I decided that I could make a couple of pretty good
omelets.
I was chopping some peppers when Amy came out of her cabin, she had taken the
time to shower, probably washing away the residue of all the sexual play she had
enjoyed today.  She looked good in a dark blue cotton dress, sleeveless, it also
had no back.  Like Laura in her fur bikini, it took clothes to make me realize
how beautifully sexy Amy really was. I wondered if she picked out that dress to
show me that she couldn't be wearing much of anything under it.  An outfit like
that only emphasized her hidden nudity.
"You shouldn't be cooking, Sir!"  Amy said when she saw me.
"I WANT to cook, and it's Don, remember?"
"Oh, sorry, force of habit." she said with a grin.
"You thirsty?" I asked.
"Oh yeah, and hungry too.  What are you making?"
I told her, fishing out of the tiny fridge a can of pop for her and a beer for
myself.
She took the can and opened it, before settling onto the built in bench seat
across the aisle from the galley.  She tucked her long legs up under her and
half sat, half knelt on the seat.  Picture perfect.
She toyed with the can while I mixed the eggs, neither of us in the mood to
talk, yet needing the company.
"Do you want to talk about it?"  Amy asked eventually.
"About what?"
"Ben, and Laura."
"Do you?"
Amy sat in thought, and shook her head. I melted a tablespoon of butter in a pan
and tipped the egg mixture in after it.
I felt...awkward, for want of a better word.  I could have taken over the
situation here, switched to Dom mode and given Amy orders that would have
covered our time together without a problem.  We would have slipped back into
those comfortable roles and would even have had a good time!
Yet, I felt, and still feel, that there are times when you need to step out of
what is comfortable in order to get to know a person properly.  You may be able
to get them to tell you their life story by cracking a whip, but you will never
find out HOW that life story shaped the person you are with, unless you allowed
them the freedom to be themselves.
What?
Some of you are arguing, "what if the person really is a submissive with no
interest or feelings in acting like a normal person?"
Well hey!  That's okay!  But you never would have known for sure if you hadn't
given them the freedom to find out.
I let the omelet cook almost through before flipping it, adding the chopped
vegetables and ham to the cooked side while the other side kept on cooking. Low
heat, that's the secret to a good omelet.
After a minute I folded the whole thing in half, slid it onto a plate and moved
half of that onto another plate for Amy.
"Grub up!"  I said, and I collected what I needed to eat at the table.
Amy followed with her food, hesitating before seating herself next to me.
"It's good!" she said with a smile after taking a couple of bites.  I watched
surprised, while she ate with her fingers. I shouldn't have been.  I knew that
utensils were the exception for her rather than the rule, by order of Ben, but
seeing her actually eat like that when the slave rules were supposedly
'relaxed', was unexpected.   I didn't comment on it though, I simply watched
with amusement as those delicate fingers picked through her meal, and thought to
myself that this might be a good rule to place Laura under, it looked quite
lovely.
"Thanks." I answered, taking a swig of my beer as I watched her.
I saw her eyes follow the bottle, and remembered that she too was an alcoholic.
"I'm sorry." I said. "Ben told me it didn't bother him if I drank, but he didn't
say anything about you!"
"It's okay, you can drink it." she said, looking at her plate.
"DOES it bother you?"  In the back of my mind I wondered what would happen if
she drank it, what she might be like as a drunk.  I wasn't proud of the thought
but it was there anyway.  Don't you think about such things at times, deep in
the dark recesses of your minds where things live you would never talk about?
Amy's answer was a good one.  "It doesn't bother me near as much as what would
happen to me if I gave in to the temptation."
"What would happen?"
Amy ate a finger full of egg before replying.  "You've...taken a good look at my
body," she said blushing a little, "did you notice the scar?"
Images of her bare flesh flowed through my mind, how it looked, how it felt, how
it smelled.  "The ones on your arms?"  I asked.
She said no, and subconsciously tried to mask the faint remnants of the track
marks inside her elbows.
I couldn't think of any other marks on her body, and told her so.
Amy turned her back to me. She pulled the back of her dress away from her to
reveal the tops of her buttocks.  "Look close, on the left."
I did so, and saw just to one side of where her butt crease started, a small
well healed scar.
"I see it."  I told her.
She moved back to her plate. "It's not much to see right now, but I got it four
years ago.
I had just come home from a shitty day waiting tables...Oh! I'm sorry Sir, I
didn't mean to swear!"  Amy looked at me worriedly.  Swearing was one of the
first things Ben and I outlawed for our women.
"Go on, we'll deal with that later."  I said to her, implying that even though
we were not acting the parts she was still subject to discipline for those house
rules I knew her to placed under.  I knew I could have skipped it, but neither
Ben nor Amy would have respected me for it.
"Er...well, it wasn't a good day.  Ben had me working at this Diner and the less
you wore the better the tips were, you know?  Well wearing less also meant
getting propositioned more and that day I just wasn't in the mood.
On my way home I had to walk past a liquor store, and for some reason that day I
just stopped.
I...don't really remember going in, but I do remember walking up and down the
aisles, running a finger along all the bottles.  I ended up standing at the
counter with a fifth of scotch and before I knew it my tips for the day were
exchanged for a bottle of bliss."
Amy had stopped eating and sat staring at her plate. I could see that in her
mind's eye she was back there, living it again.
"I remember," she continued, "the way that bottle bumped against my side, I had
slipped it into the pocket of this big old coat Ben had got for me.   With each
step I was reminded over and over again of it's presence.
I thought to myself that I would take it home, open it, and show my will power
by pouring it out.  I felt I could do that.
I knew Ben would be mad at me if he found out I had bought it at all, but he
didn't need to find out if I poured it out.
So I took it home, although later I wished that I had poured it out right then. 
Up in our little apartment I opened the bottle and stood over the sink with it.
I couldn't move.
I could smell it, the scotch.
I had been dry and drug free for a year by then, pretty good huh?  It was...an
effort...but Ben saw me through and I depended on him a lot for my will power. 
But...
It had been a sh...bad day.
I figured that, given the day I had, just one swig wouldn't hurt.  You know, one
quick mouthful of booze and while I savored it I could pour the rest away.   I
could do that, it was easy.
Yet, a moment later I still stood there, full bottle in hand and the taste of
scotch in my mouth.  It's all so vivid, I can remember it exactly.
I remember thinking that I had just imagined taking that swig, so I took another
to make sure.  That one felt so good that I thought one more would be okay.
You know, we fight taking a drink day by day, just trying to go a day without
tipping a bottle in our mouths. But when you go, you go sip by sip, mouthful by
mouthful, until eventually they all blur together.
Each swig I had I took for a very good reason, and soon the reason was 'what the
hey!'.   I knew Ben would be mad, I knew he would probably cane me, but by that
point I didn't give a...care.
When Ben found me I was dancing naked on the coffee table to some slow Janis
Joplin, waving the almost empty bottle around.  I actually thought that if Ben
saw me naked and wanting him that he would overlook my slip and we would just
have some fabulous sex together.
I was...wrong.
I smiled at Ben when he came home, laughed and tried to act seductively.  Ben
didn't say a word.
He came over and pulled the bottle from me and just stood there staring.
I slowly began to realize that my little show wasn't having the affect it was
meant to, and that was when I saw the look in his eyes and the way he held the
bottle."
Amy took a half breath, her fingers clutched tightly together, her focus deep in
her past.  She LOOKED scared!
"I can honestly say, that for a brief moment, I was scared sober.  It really
looked to me that Ben was going to hit me with that bottle.   He had hit me
before you know, but it was always either self defense or as a part of our
discipline.  But this time I saw that anger would be the driving force here, and
I was scared...to the bone.
Ben took my hand, and led me over to the armchair we used when he caned me.  The
ropes he used to bind me for caning were already there, a visible reminder of 
what is supposed to happen to me if I screwed up.  He tied me down bent over the
back of the chair and without a word took the bottle in the kitchen.
Then he came back with his cane and sat in another chair.
He was so silent.
Ben has always used that great voice of his to advantage when mad at me before,
but this time he said nothing.
I was...so scared...so scared that...I wet myself.
I tried pleading with him to have mercy on me, that I was sorry and for sure it
wouldn't happen again.  I was still drunk though and after my pleas had no
affect the liquor began to  give me dutch courage.  God knows what I was
thinking but I began to bitch at him about why I couldn't drink, why I couldn't
live my own life for a change.  Who gave HIM the right to dictate to me how I
lived my life?
My bitching turned to taunting, and a part of me watched horrified as I actually
dared him to do his worst with me.
When he did get up I was still yelling at him, and I continued to yell right up
until he gagged me.
I was still mad at him until the first blow landed, then it all came back to me
what I had done and why I was tied down.
I remember screaming into the gag as each strike hit, begging for him to stop. I
pulled so hard on the ropes that bound me that I had deep bruises on my wrists
and ankles for days afterwards.
He just kept...hitting me.
In the end I passed out, and I think he kept going but I cant be sure and he
wont talk about it.
When I woke up I was still tied down, ungagged but otherwise in the same
position.  Ben had left me there, alone with a burn in my ass that made me think
he had actually set fire to it.
I'm not kidding or exaggerating, but that wasn't the worst. As I regained my
senses I could feel that I was standing in something wet.  I couldn't see it
then, but I had blood from a lot of broken skin pouring down my legs and pooling
at my feet.
I cried, my voice was horse from all the yelling I had done into the gag.  I was
alone and hurt and I felt betrayed by Ben for leaving me.
I don't know how long I was there, but when he did come back I swore long and
hard at him.
He had brought something in a bag in with him, but as I swore he put it down and
picked up the cane which he had placed out of my sight.
I actually broke a tooth shutting up.
It was like...time stopped for us there, and I often think that at that moment
in time the fates were deciding our futures.   Remember what I said about
needing to be changed inside, and how Ben did it when he truly caned me?  Well
this was it.
I couldn't take being caned anymore, I simply couldn't. Yet I knew that I no
longer had any control over that.  No, that's wrong.  I DID have control, but
that control was in the form of my obedience.  I obey, I don't get caned. 
Simple huh?
It took a while for me to understand just why he had to punish me to protect me,
and to anyone else his reasons would sound crazy.  But for us...it's right."
Amy paused, and picked at her now cold food.
She looked so small, so vulnerable.
"Did he cane you again?" I asked her carefully.
"No, I guess he saw I was beaten and he fixed me up before untying me.  The bag
he brought in contained a bunch of stuff for cuts and bruises.  He only left me
alone because we didn't have anything in the house and he left me tied so I
wouldn't do any more damage to myself than he had already done.
He had chewed up my ass pretty badly, some of the worst damage being up high by
my tail bone and that was what hurt the most too.  I couldn't work for days,
couldn't sit down for longer, and having the dressings changed was murder as
dried blood would make them stick to me and pulling the dressings off meant
pulling off the scabs.
In the end I went without bandages and simply stayed bare below the waist for a
while."
She paused again.
"Ben didn't talk to me for two days, and pretty much ignored me for that whole
time too. He left the almost empty bottle of scotch on the kitchen counter, as a
test I think.  All I had to do was pick it up and finish it off. But I knew that
if I did then WE would be finished, for there was no way I could take another
beating like that and I found out later that Ben wouldn't have been able to give
me one.   If I fell now I would have felt beyond redemption.  In the end that
bottle sat untouched for several months before Ben poured it out himself.  But
for a couple of days Ben was so mad at me and so disgusted at himself for
beating me till I was hamburger that he couldn't bring himself to talk to me. 
But we made up, and I haven't had a drop of alcohol since."
"Thank you for telling me."  I said to her after we had sat quietly for a bit.
Amy nodded, her face flushed, she looked close to tears.
"Don, would you mind...I need to be alone for a bit."
"Sure." I said, nodding slowly.  I left the booth and climbed topside.
Night had fallen, swiftly as it does at these latitudes, and I walked the deck
in the darkness.
It had stopped raining, but the sky was still overcast for I could see no stars,
and the island next to us was invisible now although I could hear it, the wind
moving the trees.
No, not quite invisible.  At the summit was a small spot of light, maybe a camp
fire.  Ben's camp I assumed.
I wondered if my wife had been caught by Ben yet, and figured she probably had
been.  No nature lover was she, the jungle was NOT her element.  Had the chase
taken place in a Mall then Ben might have had his work cut out for him.
I sat in a deck chair and thought about my wife, and the girl below me.  Two
such different people, each on a different road. Yet those roads had turned in
one common direction and were beginning to merge into one. Laura and Amy, from
such widely different backgrounds were becoming a lot alike on the surface, but
deep down they were so different.
Our life histories shaped us, whether we wanted them to or not.
I had been sitting in the warm night air for about an hour when I heard bare
feet padding on the deck behind me.
I turned, it was Amy of course, but she was naked again, her dress left behind
some place below.
She knelt by my side.
"Sir, could we please...I...I think it might be best if we went back to
being...Master and slave." she said.
"Are you sure?  Don't you think you could use a friend instead?"  I asked her
kindly.
"No, Sir.  I don't need a friend, I need a Master.  Being an...equal, is too
hard to deal with right now.  Please, Sir, let me be happy!"
She put her hands and head in my lap and looked up at me, her dark eyes wide and
glistening in the glow from the mast light.
"Very well, slave. You're back on duty."  I told her.
"Thank you, Sir." she said with a small smile.
"Anything else?" I asked with a chuckle.
"Weeelllll, there is one more thing, Sir."  she said, beginning to blush.
"What?"
"There is one thing I need almost as much as a Master."
"What's that?"
"Sir, this low girl reminds you that she did swear in your presence, and that
she is fully resigned to being taken sexually by yourself with no mercy given as
punishment for that crime."
I almost laughed, but managed to hold on to the role I was expected to play.  As
I followed her below I thought about my wife alone with Ben, and hoped that the
two of them were going to have as much fun as the two of us, after all, with Ben
gone, it was up to me to maintain this subbie's level of discipline.
Duty called!




End of Part 27




On the Water  part 28



So, I followed the beautiful, nude fiance of my best friend below for some very
willing sex and bondage.
But I'm not going to tell you about it yet.
Instead I'm going to tell you what was happening on the island.  I'll do this
now for as things worked out it doesn't seem right to tell you later.
Of course not being there myself I can only tell you what I was told.   But I
think I have a pretty good grasp of what went on.



At the same time as Amy and I were heading below decks for our fun, my wife
Laura was having her own problems.
It had taken Ben almost no time at all to catch her, as I had expected.  
Barefoot and totally unfamiliar with the terrain she provided easy prey for the
big man and it actually took him longer to haul his gear up to the summit of the
island than it took him to find and catch her.
Once caught he quickly overpowered her, stripped and bound her and carried her
over his shoulder up to his camp.
Laura was half scared to death and half loving it, getting into the role of the
escaped slave quite well.  She was also impressed by how well Ben was playing
his role.
Ben had put on a hood that looked like it had been pieced together with scraps
of leather and fur stripped directly from several different small animals.  The
hood completely took away his identity and Laura liked the new persona that had
emerged.
At least she did then.
After a while she wasn't so sure.  By the time Amy and I were just starting,
Laura had been placed in a very strict bondage that taxed ever her ability to
take pain.
She had been in this painful position for a while now and she knew that it would
only be a little while longer before her strength gave out and the pain
increased.
She wanted to sit back and take the pressure of her nipples, but to do so would
give her so much pain elsewhere that she just couldn't do it.
Laura had no idea that Ben was capable of putting her through such an ordeal and
through her fog of pain she reassessed her relationship with Amy for Amy never
mentioned anything like this before.
Laura felt a sting on her ass and jerked herself upright, not realizing that she
had sunk so low.  The jerk pulled hard on her nipples and she cried into her gag
once more.
Just keep still, she thought to herself, chewing on the large wad of cloth in
her mouth, the remains of the brief outfit she had been given which was now tied
in place.
She had good cause to keep still.
Ben had bound her in a kneeling position, her legs wide and anchored to the
ground with four pegs to which her ankles and knees had been tied.
She knelt upright, her knees bent at ninety degrees, her arms outstretched on
either side of her and tied to two old metal rings in the rock face behind her.
The knots were well out of her reach.  There was no way she could use her arms
to help hold her up the way they were stretched, what little leverage she had
been able to gain from them was lost to the pain in her shoulders long ago.
There was one more anchor point that in part did hold some of her body weight. 
Her hair.   Ben had braided a rope into Laura's waist long hair and tied the
whole mess to the branch of a bush growing out of the rock above her.   This
caused Laura to hold her head very still as the slightest movement pulled
terribly on her.  At first she wondered what was going to be left of her hair
but after a short while like this no longer cared.  There were more important
things to think about.
Like her nipples for example.
Ben had clamped some rather large and powerful clips to each of her nipples and
attached cords to them.  This alone had Laura in tears, but Ben then ran the
cords over her shoulders and tied the other ends to her big toes, pulling up
very hard on her breasts.
Laura found that if she sank back on her feet the pull on her tender nipples got
a lot easier, but she would also put a lot more strain on her hair as her weight
bent down the thick branch her hair was tethered to.
At the time though this seemed a good trade off, but Ben wasn't finished yet.
Wearing gloves, Ben created a large pile of some kind of plant between her legs,
filling the attractive triangle of her thighs and the ground without actually
touching her skin at all.
Good thing to.
Without a word Ben pulled one of the stems of these plants out and brushed it's
leaves against the undersides of Laura's distended breasts.
Immediately Laura began screaming into her gag, for the baby soft skin felt like
it was being stung by a swarm of bees, and that was pretty much accurate.  Ben
had made a pile of stinging nettles under her and Laura realized that if she
were to sink down that pile would have unrestricted contact with her spread open
pussy and ass.
She couldn't contemplate how that would feel.
Ben left her alone and set about fixing up his camp.
Laura watched, fighting gravity and her own increasing pain, as Ben put up a
small tent and built a large bonfire.
Ben moved with purpose, rarely glancing at Laura and she began to wonder exactly
what role he was playing.  He never said a word to her and his roughness was so
different from the Ben she knew.
She was ashamed to say that it excited her at first, but now she was beyond
that.
As a distraction she looked around the camp site and saw that they were almost
at the top of the island.  To one side and behind her was bare rock, with deep
fissures and scars. It that seemed to be a back drop of sorts to what was going
on here.
She also saw a large rock shaped somewhat like a table, but couldn't be sure in
the fading light.
Eventually she didn't care about that either, just the pain throughout her body
and the promise of a lot more below her.


Ben was impressed so far with Laura's stamina.  Amy hadn't lasted this long the
first time she had undergone this treatment, but Laura had yet to fully fall
back even though she'd had a couple of close moments.
Ben thought she would be ready for the next phase of his plan by the time he
finished all his preparations.
He looked forward to the next couple of days, a time Amy called his devil days.  
Now was the time he allowed himself to fully enjoy his deeper sadistic streak,
something he kept under lock and key the rest of the year.  He would still be
careful, especially since this was a friend's wife and not his own little Amy,
but he would do things here that he couldn't do at any other time.
He was almost ready.
Standing on the far side of the fire from his naked prey, Ben checked off
mentally that everything was done.
The small cave in the craggy rock face beside them was ready with a heavy chain
and manacle set waiting for Laura, for those brief rest periods she would get
from time to time.
The stone altar, carved centuries ago by people unknown, was ready with ropes
attached to it's four corners in anticipation of a victim.   He wasn't going to
really sacrifice her but he knew how to make her THINK he was.
On the far side of the clearing was a pit, normally filled with sand it had been
emptied in preparation for the time when he planned on burying her up to her
neck.
Last but not least were all the toys he had brought, implements of pleasure, and
of pain.
Yes, he was ready to begin.
The way he moved, the way he appeared to my frightened wife, was only partially
a role.  Ben had tapped into the Dom equivalent of subspace.  A place where he
felt like a king, invincible, full of power and control.   A place where we as
Doms rarely get to go. For we fear, not of losing control, but of not
remembering right from wrong anymore.
It's hard to explain unless you've been there.
It's where the inner Demon rules.


Laura watched him coming, his eyes invisible, hidden deep in the mask he wore. 
Laura saw only his almost naked body, his strength clearly evident in the
rippling muscles highlighted by the fire light.
His movements were full of menace, and Laura found herself moaning at his
approach, struggling at her bonds.  She was afraid of what he was going to do to
her, and afraid of her response.
Ben stood before her, looking down at the blond naked beauty before him, and
under his mask he smiled.
He dropped to one knee and slowly ran his right hand around her body.   If there
was a relaxed muscle anywhere on her, he couldn't find it.  Her entire body was
locked in the battle to keep her most sensitive areas away from the nettles, and
the strain was making her sweat, giving her skin a glow that made it very
beautiful.
Ben reached for that sweet spot between her legs and smiled as Laura moaned. He
was amused to find out that even those muscles had tightened up.
Well he knew how to loosen them.
Pulling on a glove Ben picked up a nettle stem.  Laura's eyes grew wide and she
began pleading behind her gag.
Ben added another stem and another until he held in his hand a large bunch of
the pain inducing leaves.
Almost casually he brushed them across Laura's unprotected belly and she jerked
back in shock, sitting in the pile that was still between her legs.  Screaming
she bolted back up, trying to catch her breath as the harsh stingers dumped
their poison on her.
After a few minutes the worst of the pain was over, leaving a burn that she
could feel on her stomach, inner thighs and butt.  Miraculously her pussy had
escaped attention, but Laura wondered how long that would last.
Ben watched Laura carefully, noting her breathing and watching for signs that
she might pass out.
He knew the nettles hurt, he had tested them on himself long before using them
on Amy, so he knew that the worst they would do was cause a lot of short term
pain and raise some ugly welts.  The welts would last a few hours only, and the
burning just a couple of days.
Laura would suffer, but not much more than the after affects of an erotic
whipping.
Slowly, Ben kept brushing her skin with the nettles, making Laura jump and
squirm, crying into her gag.  A number of times she sat back, brushing her
buttocks against the pile beneath her and jumping back up.  Welts began to
appear on her skin in those places where she had received multiple stings, and
the rest of her skin was red from the reaction of the poison.
Methodically, Ben began whipping her, generating a scream from my wife with
every strike.  He whipped her breasts, her thighs and arms and her unprotected
belly.
He saw that Laura's sex had opened up, her labia erect and drenched with her
juices.   Ben grinned.  Amy had told him that Laura used pain as an aphrodisiac,
and it looked like it was true!
He stopped whipping and gave his prisoner a few minutes to catch her breath.  As
he stood and watched her she lifted her head slightly, breathing hard through
her nose.  For a second she looked into his eyes then lowered her head again.
Laura then moaned once, a long drawn out sound filled with frustration and need,
and in her strict position actually managed to thrust her hips out at him.


Laura wasn't Laura anymore.  The rational part of her mind had retreated to a
safe distance to watch what was happening.  Most of her impressions of the time
were formed afterward, once she had time to think about them, but at the time
all that was left was the pain, a pain that generated a naked lust in her that
was driving her mad.
Laura and I have talked about this and she wonders why she was built that way. 
Why was the line between pain and pleasure so blurred to her?
She doesn't know now, and she was in no shape to think about it then, although
she did remember thinking how degraded she felt about begging for sex after
being tortured like this.
The part of her mind that could still ask those questions was horrified when her
body thrust itself at the man in the mask.
It was a blatant expression of submissive need, of her acknowledgment of his
domination of her, and how she had been reduced to nothing but a vessel for
their lust.
It was one of Laura's lowest, and highest points of her submissive life.


Ben stood watching as the naked woman, covered in painful welts, offered her
body to him.   He was hard and ready to take her, but there was one thing left
to do.
He ripped off his loin cloth and tied it about her head, blinding those blue
eyes of hers.
Then he whipped her hard between the legs with the nettles on his hand, striking
the stinging leaves directly against her open labia.
The affect on Laura was instantaneous. She began to buck and scream and Ben
watched as the woman began to orgasm, her pussy muscles visibly contracting.
With a knife worn at his side Ben cut all the ropes that held her legs down and
lifted the woman up by the knees, her feet still attached to her nipples by the
cords over her shoulders.
He adjusted his grip on her until he held her by the hips, her body pulled away
from the rock face and still bound to it by her arms and hair, then he plunged
his manhood into her gaping sex, making her scream at the speed of his
insertion.
This could have been incredibly painful for Ben had he not prepared earlier by
putting a condom on himself, but he still suffered a little as his balls and
groin made contact with the sap on her skin.  Ben didn't care though, he was
riding a wildcat that threatened to suck him deep within her as she had yet
another orgasm due to his entry.
Ben himself came almost immediately, his dick no match for the stimulation of
her pain spasmed cunt.
It was as he was cumming that, out of the corner of his eye, he noticed the
explosion.



Ben immediately turned his head, his eyes locking onto the bright flash of
yellow. Yet his body was following a different leader and there was no way he
was going to gain much control until it was done.   As his own orgasm slowly
died Ben's mind figured out that the yellow glow of fire he could see in the
distance came from the small cove where the 'Kajira' was anchored.
His thought were immediately filled with concern for Amy, and he almost dropped
my wife as he pulled out of her.
Laura was shattered, still going through aftershocks of the intense orgasms she
had been having, yet she couldn't collapse as she most wanted to do, her bondage
wouldn't allow it.
She was back in her kneeling position although this time she could close her
legs.  But this was not much of a plus for her as it meant kneeling on the bed
of nettles.
Ben heard her screaming and his confused mind, still pulling itself out of
Domspace, saw what was happening.   He cut the ropes that held her to the rock
face and lifted Laura clear.
Looking back at the fire at the other end of the island he knew he had to go see
what was happening.  It could have been something innocent but he doubted it.
Yet what to do about Laura?
Not really knowing why, Ben took a few seconds to tie her into a hogtie before
starting back to the boat.  He figured that there was no reason for her
adventure to end unless it had to, unless there was something really wrong.
Picking up speed as he went, Ben ran down the hillside.  In the dark he managed
to avoid tripping over anything or running smack into any trees, although he did
suffer a few cuts from thin branches whipping at him.
Much sooner than he figured, yet seeming longer than it was, Ben hit the beach
and stopped dead.
Out in the cove was the burning remains of the 'Kajira', sinking into the black
water.
"AMY!" he yelled, racing for the water, and he witnessed the fires aboard his
boat being finally put out as the 'Kajira' disappeared below the waves.




End of Part 28.




On the Water  part 29



I was having fun with candles.
It's amazing what a bit of hot wax can do, when dripped onto bare skin. 
Depending on how high you let it drip, or what particular bit of skin you drip
it on, the effects can be anything from a surprised jump to a harsh cry of pain.
Personally I was aiming somewhere in the middle, not that I was using the wax on
myself.  Oh no, I already had a semi-willing victim for that.
Amy lay stretched out for me on the big table where we usually ate.  She was
stretched out not because she was being obliging but because I'd tied her that
way.
Her legs were spread wide and bound to two handy rings in the ceiling, rings
that not only pulled her legs apart but also pulled them back so her butt was
lifted off the table.
Her arms were bound to either side of her, the ropes leading to the far side of
the table so she didn't slide upwards.
More rope wound about her body locking it into place.
Her head was on the aisle side of the table which was where I stood, and from my
angle this gave me an excellent view of all three of her holes.
Only one of them could be seen right now, although all three were occupied.
Her mouth I had filled with her pump gag, filling it tightly with rubber and
air, making Amy look like a well tanned chipmunk. The pump gag was unnecessarily
held in place by a head harness to which a ring gag had been attached.  I could,
and have done already, pull out the gag and have her lovely mouth all ready for
use, replacing the pump gag once I was finished. The back of her head harness
had a rope tied to it that was stretched under the table, pulling it back so her
face was pointed straight at me. This angle opened up her throat allowing her to
deep throat me with no resistance what so ever.  It's amazing what you pick up
in CPR class.
In her ass was a short, slender candle that had been burning for a while, it's
wax sliding down the candle to coat the rim of her asshole and fill the crack of
her behind.   Her pussy was also thus occupied, but with a thicker, longer
candle.  The angle she was bent at tipped the candle in her pussy so that it was
held over her tits, dripping it's wax directly on her cleavage.  It took me a
little bit of rope adjusting to get the right angle, but I was proud of it.
To coat the rest of her breasts and her vulnerable pussy I had lots of other
candles which I slowly burned down one after the other.
Amy's body was thick with wax. This was no half hearted job with spots of wax
here and there, on this girl were wax ridges a half inch deep in places.
Her breasts were cupped in an inordinate amount of wax and her pussy had
disappeared completely.  Only the candle sticking out of it showed where it was.
Well, that and the vibrator.
It had taken a little patience and some harsh commands to my victim to stop
wriggling, but I had succeeded in trapping against her clit a small vibrator
which was now switched on.
Buried in the wax this vibrator provided a much more insistent torment than the
wax I was still dripping on her.  I doubted that she could even feel the new wax
as it went on any more, but she was certainly feeling the vibrator.
She was also probably beginning to feel the heat of the candle in her butt as
well. It was burning awfully low and the little yellow flame actually was
sitting between her golden cheeks.
She looked great, and from the faint sounds coming from her she must have felt
good too.  In fact I got a good idea how she felt when she suddenly started
bucking in her restraints and screaming into her gag.  She wasn't being burned
by anything so I figured she was finally cuming.
Good for her.
I deflated the gag and pulled it out, replacing it with my hard on which hadn't
gone down all evening.
Her mouth felt wonderful and with a slight push managed to deep throat her once
more.
This would be my second time tonight and I worked her slowly, pulling out a
little further from time to time in order to let her take a breath.  My speed
was more for my benefit than for hers, I didn't want to cum to early.
As I stood slowly thrusting into her I dripped wax on the soles of her feet,
making her toes curl up and her hands turn into fists.  When ever I pulled out
so she could breath she screamed softly and I wondered how it felt.  As I did
both feet equally I wondered how she would walk after this.
She began to cum again and this time I couldn't stop myself either.  I pumped
sperm directly into her stomach as the orgasm flowed though me, a purely cosmic
event.
Once through I fell back laughing, weak at the knees and very happy.  I
collapsed in the navigation station behind me and admired the wax covered nymph
in front of me.
Amy of course remained in position, as she would until I decided to release her,
and her upside-down face watched me with an exhausted expression as she came
down from her own orgasm.
I considered letting her up, giving her a break.  She had been there for some
time now but she looked so good.
I decided on one more orgasm for both of us.
There were several thumps on the deck above our heads and I wondered if Ben had
come aboard.  I also thought it might be Laura, coming back to the boat to
escape her hunter.
Pleasantly tired I left Amy alone and went up to see, only to find myself
looking straight into a gun barrel.
To say it was a shock was an understatement, my legs turned to jelly and my
heart began to race.   I think I looked up to see who was holding the gun, but
all I remember from that first moment was the huge size of the barrel pointed at
my head.
"What...?" I tried to say.
Hands grabbed my arms and I was hauled out of the stairwell onto the deck. 
There were several men aboard, some of which went below.  I hear a surprised
scream from my bound playmate and I was suddenly afraid for Amy, helpless in the
vulnerable position I had left her in.
"Who..?" I said. It was all I got out. One of the men holding me cracked me over
the head with his gun.
I staggered back, red splotches in my vision until I stood against the transom. 
A part of me was aware that I was nude amongst all these men but a bigger part
was concerned about Amy whom I could hear still screaming below.
"Hey!" I said, and was hit again. They evidently didn't want me talking.
One of the men that went below came back up to talk to another one.  He
whispered but I caught part of the reply, something about two women supposed to
be here.
I was noticing details now as the pain in my head receded.
All the men were dressed in black, not in uniform but they might as well have
been.  They all wore ski masks which was incredible for anyone in the tropics
and they all to a man carried Uzi machine pistols.  Watch as many action flicks
as I do and you tend to be able to recognize them when you see them.
I got a partial look at their boat.  Low and painted black it gave the
impression of hovering next to us rather than floating.  It looked fast and
mean, just like the men it carried, and even the sound of it's engines was deep
and evil.
Were these the pirates Ben had warned me about earlier in our trip, or were they
the same men that had come for Kiri?
Somehow I doubted both.
The two talking men separated, one heading below again where  I could hear Amy
crying and what sounded like her struggling with the men below.
The other man did something quite unexpected, he casually pointed his gun at me
and fired.
I had caught the movement and free of the men that had held me I was able to
raise my arms.  I felt a blow on my hip, one of my half raised arms and the side
of my head as the thunder of his weapon echoed about me.
Totally lost I fell backwards, pushed over by the impact of the bullets,
tumbling into the water behind the boat.
I remember panicking as the water closed over me, no pain yet but a definite
sense that something was wrong, and a detached part of my mind calling out for
my wife, Laura.
Which way was up?
I kicked with one leg, the other useless, paddling with both arms in the black
ocean water.
No air, my lungs burning.
The blackness impossibly growing darker.
Sand beneath my bare feet.
Air, finally, and light.
I look back, drawn to the light to see the 'Kajira' out in the cove, black
figures lifting a nude figure from one boat to the other while others piled out
from below.   In seconds the black boat accelerated out of the light and flames
begin to consume our sea going home.
My vision turned red as the pain from my wounds increases ten fold and the last
thing I remember is the sound of the boat exploding behind me as I am washed
ashore by the incoming tide.












I wake up slowly, clawing my way toward the light.
There's something in my nose, it smells of plastic and dry air.
There's a dull throb of pain in my arm and hip, while my head feels like a stake
has been shoved into it.  I try to raise my good right arm but it feels too
heavy.
Cracking my eyes open I make out a florescent light and a white ceiling, then
the face of a woman I felt sure I should be able to place.
She looks concerned as she leans over me.
I wonder why.
Sleep reclaims me.




I wake to still more pain, someone take the pain away.
I lift my arm, easy now and feel the bandages around my head.  I want to pull
them away and stop the pain but a hand stops me.
I open my eyes to see the same female face I saw before.  This time I know her.
Laura, my wife.
"You're awake, Sweety!" she's saying from down some deep tunnel. "Can you hear
me?"  She looks so upset, so...strange.
As I fall back asleep my mind locks on why she looks strange, then I realize
what it is.  I must have gone to sleep with a smile on my face for I realized
that what was strange was that she was completely dressed, and images of her,
naked, accompanied me back to dreamland.




Waking up this time the pain in my head was a dull memory, in fact everything
was dull, I felt somewhat disjointed.
Yet there was a clarity I didn't have before, and I was actually able to keep my
eyes open this time.
I was in a hospital room, that much was certain, and I looked about for my wife
but saw Ben instead.
He was slouched in a chair nearby and with a start woke up.
"Hey!" I said, and was shocked at how weak my voice was.
Ben stared at me, he looked terrible.  His face hadn't been shaved in what
looked like days and his clothes were rumpled.
"Don, you there now?" he asked.
"I hope so." I said, after a little thought.
Ben stood and walked over to me, leaning across me like the sky itself.
"Don, what happened?  Where's Amy?  Is she dead?" he asked urgently, and my slow
mind wondered when he had last had some decent sleep.
"What?" was all I could manage.
"Where is she, you Bastard!  What happened to her?"
"Amy?" I said, feeling the familiar fatigue overcoming me again.
"God damn it Don!" Ben swore, taking my shirt in one hand a shaking me.
I manage one more word before blackness comes back, a word generated by the
memories of what happened, a word I hoped would make him stop shaking me.
"Alive."





"Are you done with the questions now?"  I ask the big black detective who had
been taking up my time the last hour or so.
Waking up this time I had been in the company of a nurse who fetched a very
young looking doctor to see to me.   While sidestepping my request to see my
wife he gave me a brief examination and then told me I had been shot.
Stifling a bitter retort I listened as he explained how one bullet had drilled a
whole clean through the pelvic bone on my left side and how another bullet had
apparently ricocheted off my left arm and carved a grove along the left side of
my head.   That ricochet had probably saved my life.
When pressed about my wife he said instead that I had to talk to a Nasauu
detective first, as that was where I was brought.  So an hour later Detective
Helmut Gries showed up with his little notebook and for the next hour made me
repeat my story five times.
"Yes, Sir, I think we're done now." he said in his thick island accent.   When I
first heard his name I almost laughed.  The image and the voice didn't at all
match the German sounding name.
"Great!  Then can I see my wife now?"  I asked testily.
Gries scowled at me.   "You are a lucky man, and your woman knows it, but she
has been through a lot while you lay here sleeping.  You had better show her a
little compassion!"
I was very surprised at that.  So surprised that Gries was able to leave the
room without my replying.
A moment later Laura entered, followed by Ben.
Laura was all over me, touching me and being her wonderful loving self.  I could
see the worry in her eyes begin to fade away now that we were close again.  Her
love felt so good and my own anger melted as she fussed.
Ben however still looked like a dark cloud was over him, and I couldn't blame
him.   He looked like he had made an effort to clean himself up, but he still
looked like shit.
He stood by the window and watched us until Laura began to settle.
"So," he said after a bit, "You going to tell us what happened?"  His voice was
flat, emotionless.
Laura sat on my bed next to me and I told them what I told the detective about
the men in black and their black boat.
What I hadn't told the detective was what Amy and I were doing when they
boarded, and something told me to gloss over those details with Ben.
He didn't look impressed with my story.
"Are you sure you saw them take her?" he asked, and I detected a little hope in
his question.
"Yes, Ben.  I'm sure.  They took her and blew up the boat. If Laura had been
there I think they would have taken her too, and if you had been there they
probably would have shot you as well.  It was the women they wanted."
Ben sighed.  "And you didn't do anything?"
"What could I do, Ben, I was surrounded by guys with very heavy armory!"
"You could have tried...something." Ben said, collapsing into the chair I had
seen him in earlier.
He looked at the floor, lost in thought.  I turned to my wife.
"How have you been keeping up?" I asked her.
Laura glanced at Ben.  "I've...I'm okay.  It helped knowing that you were here,
being able to watch you sleep.  And Ben...well he helped too in a way.  But not
knowing about Amy, it's been tough on both of us.  The last five days..."
"FIVE DAYS!" I yelled. I had no idea I was out for so long.
"Yes, Don.  It's been almost a week."
God, I thought, what was happening to Amy? How has she been coping the last five
days.   Ben must have been thinking the same thing.
"She could be anywhere in the world by now." he said.
"Why shouldn't she be nearby?" I asked.
"Your men in black, their tactics, they don't sound local to me."
"What?" I asked him.
He shook his head.
"Don," my wife said, "Ben saved your life you know.  If he hadn't had his cell
phone with him we'd all still be on that island."
"That's how you got me off?" I asked her.
Laura told me how she had known nothing about what was happening until Ben
untied her and half dragged half carried her back to the cove where he had found
me bleeding on the beach.
My wife, a nurse, saw though the haze of her recent torture that I was slowly
bleeding to death and got Ben organized as far as plugging my wounds with the
little they had available.
Then Ben directed her to where he had hidden his phone and standing at the top
of the island she was just able to make contact with a cell and call for help.
An hour later a float plain was there and I was loaded aboard for the long
flight to Nasauu.
While I was patched up and left to recover, Ben and Laura stayed together for
mutual comfort.
"Thanks, Ben." I said to him, after giving my wife a more intimate thanks with a
kiss.
Ben stood up.
"Don, you lost me the most precious thing I ever had, and it's going to be a
while before I can forgive you for that, if ever..."
"What?" I said, confused.  Didn't I just tell him I couldn't do anything.
"...I don't think the local police will ever get to the bottom of this, but I
know some people who will be able to help.  They say they know an investigator
who is well suited to go after crimes committed in our world. In fact she may
already be on the case.
The thing is, while I now have hope that Amy will come back, I can't help
feeling cheated about how I have lost so much while you have lost...nothing."
"Ben, I feel for Amy as much as you do!  Of course I've lost something..."  I
said but he cut me off.
"Bullshit, Don.  You don't know the half of it!
Laura, show him."
Laura paled, and slid off the bed. With a glance at the door she grabbed the hem
of the sensible skirt she wore and lifted it high.   Under the skirt I saw she
wore a chastity belt.  A rather well built chastity belt that fitted her body
like a second skin.
"What's going on, Ben?" I asked him.
Ben pulled the chain he wore around his neck from under his shirt. On it was
usually just the Master key to all his bondage toys, but now there was a rather
strange looking circular key.
"You get Laura back, when I get Amy." he said, and despite my pleas he left the
room without another word.
"What does he mean, I get you back?" I asked Laura, afraid that he was going to
take her with him.
"Don't worry, Don.  I'm not going anywhere, it's just that until we can convince
him otherwise I'm trapped in this contraption."
"He cant be serious!"  I said angrily. Why was he being so pig headed?
"He is, Sir.  I know that if you really wanted to you could find a way to get
this off me. But listen to me Don."  She took my shoulders and made sure she had
my full attention.
"I know what he's going through, and why I have to wear this belt, and if you do
take it off me it'll mean the end of our friendship with Ben...and Amy...and I
DON'T WANT THAT!"
I stared her down, surprised at her sudden passion.  "What if I take it off you
anyway?" I say.
Laura's expression changed slowly, to one of sadness and great pity.  "Then I'll
do what I have to to salvage our relationship with them."  She let go of me and
moved to the door.
"Don't go!" I say to her, needing things explained.
"You need to rest for a while." she said to me.  Then she paused just as she
reached the door.  "You know...Sir...you really should have tried to do
SOMETHING!"
Mouth open in shock, I watch my wife leave the room and saw that Ben was wrong.
I DID lose something after all.




The End of this Story.
Or is it the beginning of another one?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Leviticus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





