BDSM Library - Pledging Omega




Pledging Omega
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Three coeds pledge a sorority that has special plans for them.
PLEDGING OMEGA 
by Blair




PLEDGING OMEGA 
by Blair

HALLOWEEN TRILOGY II
PLEDGING OMEGA 
The three sorority pledges sat in silence. The only sound was an occasional
sniffle. The one thing they had been trained to do is obey. Hell week was
almost over and they did not want to incur the wrath of the sisters any more
than they had.
Megan and Cynthia has already been dressed in their "costumes" and sat with
their heads bowed, tears welling up in their eyes. The humiliation they had
endured to pledge the most exclusive sorority on campus had been mostly
private. Today, however was going to be very different and very public.
Homecoming and Halloween fell on the same weekend.
The sisters had thought it a grand idea to have them ride the sorority's float
in the parade dressed in their Halloween costumes. Rather than just having to
endure a private Halloween party the pledges would be on display before the
entire campus and alumni.
Blair's stomach was in a knot as she looked at Megan's and Cynthia's costumes.
She thought briefly of what Patrice was being made up as. Most of her thoughts
where of herself. She dreaded her turn in the room.
To join the Omega's a girl had to have two things , money and looks. Attitude
and personality was unimportant. With all the sisters coming from privileged
backgrounds they also had a third thing in common. They were all stuck up self
centered bitchs. At least that is what the rest of the campus considered them.
Blair was different though. Her family had money and she definitely had the
looks. Tall with long brunette hair, her 36C breasts looked larger than they
were on her slender frame. She got off on the wrong foot with the sorority
sisters. Her enthusiasm and feeling that the sorority could never do enough
for charities, helping the disadvantaged and social responsibility rubbed them
the wrong way. They decided unanimously that they would change her attitude
and she had been singled out for extra attention during Hell Week. 
Megan wiped a tear away. The petite red head had been dressed as an elf.
Dressed being a relative term. The only clothing she wore was a bright green
cheerleader's skirt that had the hem shortened another two inches. By the way
she sat with her knees clamped tight together and the prior initiation duties
Blair guessed correctly she had nothing on under the skirt. Barely covering her
small breasts were two felt leaves. The sisters had super glued the material
to her nipples. The only way the leaves were coming off is with solvent or
excruciating pain. 
Being more nude than clothes was not enough though. Megan had been covered
from head to her bare feet in green coloring. Megan would find out later what
they used would not come off with just soap and water. She was going to be a
green elf for a long time.
As the sisters thought it would not be appropriate for an elf to have shoulder
length hair they humiliated Megan be giving her a pixie cut. her red hair was
no longer than an inch and had been spiked with gel.
Cuffs covered wit bells circled her neck, wrists and ankles. Black eye shadow
and liner had given her round green eyes a slanted appearance. Heavily applied
black lipstick gave her mouth a perpetual stupid grin.
Cynthia was the most beautiful of the four pledges and her wardrobe and
appearance was always spectacular, well except for today. The sisters decided
to "ugly" up the precious Cynthia.
Her immaculate long blonder hair was anything but. The had cut....hacked was a
better word, her tresses. Cut short places and left long in others it had been
streaked black orange. Motor oil had been poured over her head as she stood
naked in the dressing room and them rubbed into her scalp. Her hair, what was
left , was a tangled mess.
One eye had bright blue eye shadow and the other dark brown. Deep red circles
of rouge was on her cheeks. Her lips were covered with thick red lipstick.
Having used the cheapest make up they could find the impossibility of neatly
applying it with the oil all over her face had caused the mascara and eye
shadow to be badly smeared by Cynthia as she wiped her tears away. Her pearl
white teeth were stained red with the lipstick.
Eight, six inch hoop earrings hung from each of her ear piercing. The sisters
had felt on piercing per eat was not enough for a "fashion model" so they three
to each. Their intention was to have Cynthia look ridiculous and they had
succeeded.
A small consolation was she was not anywhere as bare a Megan. But it was a
very small consolation. The pink bra she wore was an A cup. Cynthia was a
large B. Extremely uncomfortable her breasts were spilling out all over. An
oil soaked T-shirt had been cut and ripped to barely cover the bra. Both
sleeves and one shoulder were gone. It was ripped off to be even with the
bottom of her breasts. Even just sitting Cynthia was constantly fidgeting and
pulling on what was left of the other shoulder to keep it on. Her belly was
completely exposed.
The jeans she had been given to wear where way too large and cut off below the
knee. Not given a belt she would have to walk with one hand constantly holding
them up. If she didn't and they fell.... well panties just weren't in the
allotment of clothing for her. In addition to being way to large the sisters
had cut holes i the seat crotch and legs giving everyone an incentive to watch
her struggle with her jeans. The holes ere so plentiful it was near impossible
for the pledge to not expose some part of her behind or puss.
Clunky six inch platform heels combined with the necessity of keeping her
clothing in place would make any movement and adventure for the teary eyed
pledge.
Having an older sister a current member of Omega house Patrice thought would
save her some of the humiliation associated with Hell Week. She was wrong. Her
older sister always was resentful of her parents younger favorite. 
The door opened and Patrice carefully stepped out "dressed" as a witch. Her
brown hair had been dyed coal black. On top of her head she wore the
traditional witches hat. It was what was underneath the hat that made her
wince as she walked. The computer geeks for the small price of seeing some
initiation pictures of the current class of Omega pledges had built a small
electronic device that everytime it shifted off center would generate a small
electric shock. Hidden in her hair and inside her skimpy costume the thin
wires had been cruelly twisted around each of Patrice's nipples. 
A third wire ran down the side of her costume. There was some debate as to
where this should lead, her puss or asshole. It was agrees that an Omega
couldn't be cumming all over herself in public so it should be inserted in her
asshole. The sisters wanted to make sure it wouldn't come out so it was super
glued into her crack after fully 8 inches were inserted in her rectum. 
Her body was barely covered in black leather. The outfit was a single piece of
leather consisting of a skirt he same length as Megan's elf skirt. like the
other three pledges panties were omitted from her costume. The top band of the
skirt was much lower however. Form hem to the top the "skirt" measured no more
than 12 inches. It's only purpose was to cover Patrice's puss when standing.
Any bending of any kind and the pledge would flash all who were looking at her.
There was no material at all on the front or back. The skirt was held on by
material that ran up the sides of the wearer and over her shoulders. Two
semi-circles of material jutted out to barely cover Patrice's nipples and hide
the wires. The two pieces were joined by laces. Though only nineteen Patrice
had 38D breasts of which only her nipples and the barest of skin was covered
and that was straining against the laces and material. To keep the material in
front as far apart as possible laces pulled the material together in the back. 
Patrice's footwear consisted of thigh high black leather boots with 6"stilletto
heels. The sisters wanted to ensure maximum movement and shifting on the
pledges part to shock herself. To add to this they had poured oil in to the
boots. Patrice not only had to concentrate on balancing on the severe heels
but also to not have her feet shift inside the boots.
She had already fallen twice parading in front of the sisters. They laughed at
Patrice as she yelped and fell to the ground. Both her tits had popped out and
she hurriedly covered them back up, all the while getting a continual shock on
her nipples and in her rectum. Her nipples were yanked had be the wires when
she fell adding greatly to her humiliating pain. A hard slap on her exposed
behind hurried her back to her feet. Enduring 6 days of spankings made her
jump at the chance to avoid further attention to that area.
Though the geeks had told the sister's Patrice would only receive a mild
annoying shock what they did though was put a much stronger battery in the
device. Omega's never paid attention to them and Patrice would get to pay the
price for their attitude.
Blair slowly got up and entered the room. She looked at Deborah, the pledge
trainer, and the evil look in her blue eyes told her she would definitely not
enjoy what was going to happen.
Blair's' social conscious made her the primary target of all the sister's
ignition games. They had saved the most humiliating and degrading costume for
her. The idea came from a magazine Deborah had seen in the TKE house. Though
it was expensive the cost would only add to Blair's humiliation as she would
help the sorority recover the cost.
At the command of strip Blair, who strived to be the most obedient pledge
quickly took off her blouse, shorts and panties. Pledges were never allowed to
wear a bra.
Standing in the pledge position of head bowed, shoulders back to thrust her
bare breasts out and arms at her sides Blair's gaze fell on her bald puss.
Everyday since pledging the four girls had to shave each other in front of all
the sisters.
She was handed a pair of red boots to put on. The boots extended only to about
6 inches above her ankles and were loose fitting. Like Patrice's footwear they
had six inch heels. On purpose they were too large. To keep them on her feet
Blair would have to keep her toes clenched.
Tears were already welling up in the pretty brunettes eyes when she was tossed
a red leather thong bikini bottom. As she slid it on her long legs and into
place she noticed small slit that was perfectly in line with her clitoris and
another in the back strap of the thong. She was relieved when she was the slit
exposed nothing in front. She knew the hole in the back was in her crack and
was irrelevant or so she thought.
Blair was the tallest of the pledges and also the most athletic of all the
members of Omega House. The one good thing she thought of and the other
pledges had commented on also when the had to opportunity to sneak a
conversation in is with nudity so much of the hell week activities at least
they where in great shape and had bodies they did not have to be ashamed of. 
Blair's long legs and tight round behind were greatly accented by the heels ion
the boots. The thong hid nothing and her snow white behind contrasted greatly
with her tan.
Told to clasp her hands behind her she quickly did so. Her obedience did not
escape the notice of the sisters dressing her.
She felt leather being pulled over her hands and up her arms. She quickly and
painfully surmised it was one piece because as the material rose further up her
arms, her shoulders were pulled back and together. Straps were tossed over her
shoulders. She grimaced and moaned as laces on the red leather sleeve were
tightened till her elbows ere touching. Her discomfort was meaningless, her
humiliation everything. The laces were tied off not in a bow but a knot. For
good measure super glue was dripped into the knot. The sisters wanted to
ensure getting Blair out of the sleeve would be difficult and hopefully
painful.
Blair, being the well trained pledge, kept her head bowed. Tears ran down her
cheeks. Though noticed not one of the sisters said anything to her or moved to
wipe them away. With her head on her chest Blair could see her breasts
thrusting invitingly out.
The sisters began putting the straps in place and buckling them. When finished
the brunette's upper body was framed in leather. Straps were looped around the
sides of her thong and pulled high forcing the bikini further into her. These
straps were pulled towards the front and ran to her shoulders like suspenders. 
Circles, no larger than 3" in diameter, of white leather had been stitched onto
the red straps to cover Blair's nipples. The minimal covering ensured that
everyone would be able to see all of Blair's round firm 36C mounds except her
aureoles.
To maximize her discomfort the underside of the circles had sandpaper glued to
it. A single drop of super glue on the tip of each nipple would hopefully keep
Blair from exposing her breasts completely and also allow movement between
sandpaper and her sensitive nipple.
her hair was pulled back so a red collar could be buckled and locked around her
neck. Made of plastic covered in leather Blair was unable to turn or lower her
head. She would be forced to look straight ahead so "everyone could exactly
who she is and remember her face."
Devastated at the degrading costume she had allowed herself to be put into she
thought it could not get any worse, but it did.
A foul tasting rubber bit was shoved into her mouth. Reminded of the most
severe penalty for disobeying Blair obediently bit down. Anticipating her
reaction several of the girls held her body and head still as she heard a
buzzing noise behind her.
Laughter covered her moans of protest and tears rolled down her cheeks as
shears were run along the sides of her head.
The sides of her head had been shaved to stubble and with the application of
shaving cream would soon be smooth. on of the sisters gathered up the long
brunette hair that lay at her feet. What was left was braided into a ponytail
on top of her head to flop around as she walked.
Crying heavily Blair resisted not at all as the straps on the bit were
positioned and tightly buckled into place framing her face with blinders and
leather.
"We only have one more item than your jewelry" Deborah said through a leering
evil smile.
Blair closed her eyes tight when she saw the vibrator with her hair, or what
used to be her hair, glued to the end. She was unceremoniously bent over. The
thong was very tight and it was difficult but the sisters had managed to find
the slit in the back of the thong and shove none to gently the vibrator into
her asshole. She shuddered and bit down hard when it was turned on. Back
standing up straight one of the sisters commented and they all laughed at Blair
that the objects discomfort was causing her to stick her behind out. 
A small box was taken off the table and handed to Deborah. "Jewelry time
pledge" made Blair close her eyes again. Belles were hung from her ears.
Another attached to a clip on ring was placed in her septum giving her the
appearance of having her nose pierced. Blaire shook her head to relieve the
pain in her nose but only got mocked for her effort as the bell jingled against
her upper lip.
With her eyes closed she could not see an surely didn't want to see the 12
tiny bells on a thin piece of red leather. Her muffled scream told the
laughing sisters she most definitely felt them though as the end of the leather
was inserted into the slit and clipped to her clitoris.
By looking no one would be able to tell the trip of bells were not just
stitched to the front of her leather bikini. Only the Omega members and of
course Blair knew differently.
++++++++++++++++++++++
What would possible make four wealthy, beautiful 19 year old girls endure such
complete and total physical and psychological degradation?
Possibly the need to belong to the most exclusive sorority at an exclusive
university.
Possibly the knowledge that being an Omega opened alot doors high up in
corporations and law firms after graduation and the initiation was a small
price to pay for a life time of success.
But the most likely reason was provided by the pledges themselves on their
pledge questionnaire. The questions were geared to enable the members of Omega
House to comprise a detailed list of family members and most importantly
business contacts of their fathers and mothers.
This information when combined with the practice of having pictures taken of
pledge activities and even a few video tapes ensured that no pledge would ever
want to endure the disgrace of the most severe penalty for non compliance. That
is to have the college pledge activities distributed to their family and
business contacts of their source of their privileged existence. 
Upon completion of Hell Week the pledges were constantly ensured they would
receive possession of all pictures and video for burning in a ceremony. 
++++++++++++++++++++
What Megan, Cynthia, Patrice and Blair did not know but would before the day
was over is Omega had two pledge classes. One in which members enjoy all the
exclusive benefits and advantages that could possibly be imagined. 
The second pledge class, of which they were the only members, was selected only
once every four years. The sole purpose of their class was to raise money and
provide entertainment for all the sororities, fraternities and staff on campus.
The four costumed girls wanted to be exclusive members and they were, just not
in the way they thought. What they would soon learn after the homecoming
parade and they were branded is they were only property. Property to be
rented, degraded, trained and used to perform every disgusting act imaginable
purely for the fun of others. In four years when they graduated and they would
graduate with straight D- after all being dumb would be part of their training
is when others went on to successful careers they would graduate to the world
of pornography, brothels and slavery.
++++++++++++++++++++
Comments as always are appreciated. I can be reached at blairbrek@yahoo.com





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  blairbrek


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





