BDSM Library - Captured




Captured
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She was kidnapped, used as a sex toy and treated as a slave. She found she was quite enjoying it. Written in the second person manner.
Captured

by Ca.H.




Captured - Part One

by Ca.H.

The capture

	You walk into the house and it is dark.  This is not
unusual, as you live alone. However, tonight you worked
especially late for a Friday night and it was now nearly ten
thirty when you unlocked your front door.  
	You walked into the foyer and as you reached for the
light a hand grabs your and pulls you away from the light
switch.  Suddenly another hand grabs for your free hand and
pulls it back behind you and both hands are quickly secured
behind you with the click of a pair of handcuffs.  You
attempt to spin around and see who it is behind you and just
as you begin to turn a hood is quickly placed over your
head.  The hood covers only to the tip of your nose.  You
begin to say something and before the words escape your
mouth a soft ball gag is pushed into your open mouth and
pressed slightly behind your teeth.  You feel a leather
strap fasten the ball gag firmly into your mouth and then
feel fingers fumble with the strap behind your head.
	You are pulled from the foyer out into the cool night
air.  Then pushed and pulled to a waiting vehicle with
engine running.  Once inside you can feel the size of this
vehicle and realize it is a van of sorts, with carpeting on
the floor.  You are pressed face down to the floor and the
doors close with a resounding thud.
	All sorts of thoughts race through your brain.  You can
not figure out who these people are, you don't even know if
they are men or women.  You assume they are men, from the
strength exhibited when they pulled your arms behind you and
secured them.  You feel the motion of the vehicle now and
the pressure of a knee forced into your back, holding you
firmly down to the carpeted floor.
	Suddenly you feel fingers pulling at your two and a
half inch heels and your toes are suddenly free.  The
fingers find their way up your legs, slowly moving towards
your backside then in a quick motion the fingers find the
tops of your panty hose and begin to pull at them
feverishly.  With a few firm tugs they release their grip
around your waist and you can feel them being pulled down
slowly over your mounds of fleshy buttocks.  As they are
pulled down you can feel your underpants being caught up in
the panty hose and they too come down with the hose.  You
feel the cool night air touch your now naked buttocks and
you quiver with the fear of what is to happen.
	You feel the fingers now grope the waist of your skirt
and then you feel the release of the button on the side and
the skirt is pulled down over your exposed buttocks and then
finally over your feet.
	You are now completely nude, to your unknown captures,
from the waist down.  You try to fight but the knee presses
harder into your back and holds you still.
	The pressure of the knee in your back is lessened and
you feel the fingers reach for your ankles.  Something is
placed around each ankle.  You are not certain what it is,
but it feels soft and yet stiff at the same time.  You hear
the sound of metal touching metal and suddenly feel your
ankles being clipped together with a chain.  You can only
assumed that is the item used, for you still can not see. 
The chain is then attached to something in the van, for your
legs are pulled out straight and close together.
	Firmly the hands reach for your shoulders and roll you
over onto your back.  You moan as they do from the pressure
and pain forced onto your hands and arms from your own body
weight.
	Seated upright now, the person belonging to the hands
moves behind you and releases one cuff from your handcuffs
then pulls the cuffed wrist out and attaches it to something
on the side of the van.  Slowly the fingers begin to undo
the buttons on your blouse.  As they reach the bottom of the
blouse the fingers slowly brush against the top of your
pussy mound.  They press firmly on the mound but not into
your pussy.  The blouse is pulled off the free arm and then
the bra is unhooked and removed from the your free hand. 
Each time you have attempted to use your hand, the person
taking your top off, slapped at your hand and pushed it to
your side.  Finally after being slapped three times, very
hard, you leave your arm to your side.
	The same thing is now done to the other hand.  Undoing
the cuff, securing the once free hand then removing your
blouse completely from your body.  You now sit in the
coolness of the van totally naked.  Your hands are cuffed
again behind your back and your legs are are freed from 
whatever it the chain had been attached.  When you attempt
to move, however, you realize they are still chained
together by a chain about two and half feet in length.
	By now your heart is racing.  You want to be free.  Yet
you know, somehow, if you attempt to make a get away you
will be caught and probably killed.  You are slightly panic
stricken by all of this, yet have resolved yourself to
tolerating it in the hope they will play with you, release
you and have done with you.
	The van stops.  You hear the sliding door open and you
are pulled by your feet first to the edge of the door.  Your
buttocks rubbing against the carpeting causing them to burn
as you are pulled forward.  Your feet are guided to the
ground and the cold, damp grass squeezes between your naked
toes.  A hand reaches behind your shoulder and pulls you
completely upright now and you stand, the night air makes
your nude body shiver slightly.
	Someone behind you pushes at you gently and you begin
to walk slowly, finding the chain limitation quickly.  After
walking several steps you are stopped and feel a hand reach
down to your leg and lift it by the calf then place it on a
step in front of you.  Slowly you ascend the stairs, only
four steps, then you feel the firmness of a wooden planked
porch beneath your feet.
	You hear the door open and you are led inside.  Once
inside you hear a lot of commotion of your captures moving
about the house.  Then you are led into another room.  
	No one says anything to you.  You are stopped from
walking further then you feel a firm hand on your shoulder,
pressing you down.  You slowly, with the hand guiding you,
kneel down.  Once in kneeling position you feel the firm
hand press to the inside of your right thigh and begin to
push your thigh open more and more.  When the hand achieves
the position he wishes he reaches for your other leg and
pushes at it from the inside thigh.
	You can feel the air rush against your now spread open
pussy.  The lips having parted with the spreading of your
legs.  You are angry now, that you are being used in this
manner.  You wish to yourself, that if they intend to fuck
you, which you know they do, they would just do it and have
done with it.  
	Slowly you feel fingers at your shoulders, rubbing
gently towards your breasts.  As they reach your nipples
they stop, not touching the nipples, but lightly fingering
the breast all the way around the nipple.  Your head goes up
and back at the sensation this causes your body.  A reaction
you are angry with yourself for having but nonetheless have. 
	The fingers slowly caress your body down to the front
of your well stretched vagina lips, again being sure not to
touch the lips themselves.  Playing lightly around the
entire area, causing a tingle to your sex and yet no
satisfaction or gratification.
	You can feel the excitement begin to cream the inner
walls of your pussy.  You now wish your capture would touch
you.  Slowly the fingers find their way back up to your
breasts.  Kneading them and teasing them.  Finally they
encase the nipples of each breast and slowly play with each
nipple.  You can feel them react by becoming firm and hard. 
When they are firm and hard your capture pinches each one,
alternating between the two, very hard.  Then with a firm
grip, pinches and pulls the nipples out, distending each
breast until you moan from the pain exerted to your tender
flesh.
	The fingers release the pained nipples now and rub
gently at the entire breast.  Then slowly they make their
way back down your front to your opened sex and you feel the
fingers push in between the lips of your nether lips.  First
one finger, then another finds its way into you and pushes
in and out gently.  The fingers are then pulled out and
slowly they are inched through your spread crack to your ass
pucker.  You wiggle at the pressure exerted to your virgin
hole.  As you wiggle, the other hand of your capture moves
back to your nipples, and one at a time compresses his
forefinger and thumb over each tip.  You stop all movement
now, and when you do the pressure to your nipples stops. 
You have learned your first lesson.  
	The finger at your virgin hole is slowly pressed into
you.  You moan and thrash your head about at the initial
pain this causes.  Further and deeper the finger is pressed
into you, until you can feel the knuckles of the hand
pressing at the outside of your puckered hole.  Slowly the
finger is pulled out and then pushed back into you.  Each
time the speed and force is increased, until you feel the
excitement caused by this action and your hips begin to
wrench forward then back again.  As you feel the passion
grow in your now wet pussy the hands touching you stop. 
Leaving you in total frustration.
	You are left in this position, untouched for some time. 
Finally you feel someone behind you.  Slowly the hands find
your shoulders and begin to rub you from behind.  The hands
are obviously different, they are coarse and quite rough. 
They move slowly down your back to your buttocks then
squeezes each cheek in each hand. The fingers pressing into
your spread crack.  The hands are pulled away from you and
you feel the person walk to the front of you.  You wait for

'his' next move.  You have assumed it to be a him because of
the roughness of the hands.  The fingers slowly circle your
nipples.  They become erect and firm quickly at the touch. 
He slowly encases the nipples between his first and second
finger and begins to squeeze the mounds of flesh and as he
does he presses his fingers firmly around the nipples and
pinches them hard.  As you moan from the pain and pleasure
this brings you, he pulls his hands from your breasts, still
keeping the nipples pressed firmly between his two sets of
fingers and extends the breast outward.  He holds this
pressure on your now tender nipples for a full thirty
seconds or more, as he does, he compress the tits tighter
and tighter, a scream escapes your mouth, but the gag makes
it come out sounding like only a moan.  You feel as though
your breasts are being pulled off and your nipples are being
pinched in a vice.  Finally he releases both breasts and
slowly his fingers move lightly over the tips.  Slowly he
flicks the nipples back and forth then rubs them lightly.
	His hands move down your body now to the top of your
opened mound.  Slowly they twirl around through your pubic
hair and then slide into your opened lips.  They probe and
poke until they finally enter you.  Three fingers at once. 
They press in and out of you.  Involuntarily your hips rock
back and forth.  Your nether lips, with a mind of their own,
try to pull the fingers invading them, deeper and deeper
into you.  As your rocking motion increases, it is obvious
you are nearing climax the fingers are withdrawn and you
again, are left without any touching.  You moan through your
gag, pleading without words to be finished off.  But it does
not happen.
	You begin to move your knees closer together in the
hopes to satisfy yourself by pressing your thigh tightly
together.  As you press your legs closer, you suddenly feel
a sharp sting to your still opened pussy.  The fingers slap
in between the lips and catch your clit, causing you pain
and yet an excitement you had never felt before rush through
your wet pussy.  Again a resounding smack hits your tender,
wanting pussy and you quickly spread your legs open wide
again.
	Slowly, methodically the fingers find your clit and
begin to rub it harshly.  Faster and harder until you are
rocking with the pleasure it brings, you are so near climax
now you can hardly stand it.  But the fingers, as if knowing
and sensing your level of excitement, are withdrawn again.  
	Your frustration is mounting now and you can feel tears
coming down your cheeks under your hooded head.
	Slowly you are pulled up from your kneeling position,
after being left along for a good five minutes in your
frustration.  Once on your feet, you are pulled by the elbow
and begin to walk slowly in the direction you are led. 
Taking the first few steps carefully, for you are stiff from
having knelt for so long.
	You are led into another room and your hands are
uncuffed.  You do not struggle now, you are not certain if
it is because you know it will do no good, or if it is
because you are enjoying the activities.  A leather cuff is
wrapped around each wrist.  Your hands are then pulled in
front of you and you feel them pushed together and hear a
click.  You realize they are snapped together firmly now.

Next you feel them being pulled upwards, until they are
extended over your head.  You hear another click and then
feel your wrists straining within the straps around them as
you are pulled upward toward the ceiling so only your toes
touch the floor.
	The hands now rub gently down your body until they
reach your ankles and you hear a click and then another and
feel the ankle straps being removed.  They are quickly
replaced with another set of straps and you feel a bar
between your feet being pressed open further and further,
forcing your legs wide.
	You can feel hands now on your back and also on your
front.  Slowly they knead and tease your flesh.  When you
attempt to wiggle you find you can not move hardly at all. 
Your legs, secured between the spreader bar have been also
attached to, by a short chain, hooks in the floor.  All you
can move is your hips and only those can be moved slightly.
	The fingers probe and dig at your flesh.  Finally one
set of hands finds your breasts and begins to rub and
squeeze them, while the other set of fingers finds your
opened pussy and begins to rub and press deep within you. 
Your clit getting more attention, causing you to thrash
about as much as your bonds permit.  As you reach closer and
closer to the edge the fingers at your breasts become more
attentive to your nipples only and then begin to pinch them
firmly and hard.  The pain careens through your body from
the severe manner your tits are being used and much to your
surprise the excitement finds your pussy and brings you even
closer to the edge.  Just then all the action stops and you
thrust forward in the hopes to find the fingers that were
fucking you and have them satisfy your much needed desire.
	You hear the door close suddenly and then silence
encases your very body.  You are left hanging there in this
room.  Your thoughts wander, you wonder if you are going to
be left in this manner.  You wonder if they have finished
with you or lost interest, though you can not quite believe
this.  You think about the fact if you are found by the
police or someone else you would be humiliated beyond belief
and want to die.
	The door finally swings open and creaks when it does. 
You hear movement near you then feel the hands tugging at
your ankles.  Your feet are freed suddenly then you feel
your body being lowered and your feet become firmly
flattened to the floor.  You are pulled forward, your hands
still clipped at the wrist and you step slightly forward. 
Your hands are now released and then you feel a strap being
placed around your forearm and one around your upper arm. 
You are then forced to place your hands behind your back and
the clicking sound is heard again, again and finally one
last time.  When you attempt to move your hands you discover
your arms are crossed behind your back and the wrist cuffs
have been attached to the cuffs on your forearms.  A leather
strap that crosses your back holds your upper arms back
firmly.
	You can envision the sight you must be.  Totally nude,
dripping wet between your legs, your breasts forced outward
from your arms being pulled behind you.  
	You are pushed from behind again and start to walk
slowly forward, being guided by the firm hand at your back. 
You are led into a room where the floor is cold to your feet

and the firm hand presses onto your shoulder and pushes you
downward.  You knee, being helped by the hand at your
shoulder.  You recognize the feel of the floor to be that of
tile.  You can not figure out why you have been moved, but
then you do not have any say in the matter anyway.  
	Slowly you are pushed forward from the back of the
head, until you bend at the waist and your face touches the
floor.  Your ass jetting into the air.  You are held firmly
by one set of hands in this position.
	You can feel someone behind you and with a start you
lurch forward slightly when you feel fingers pressing in
between your asscheeks.  The fingers find your puckered hole
and you can feel them lubricate the outside, slowly,
teasingly.  Finally one slides into your virgin ass and
moves around in a circle, then the second one is forced into
you.  You can feel the pain and thrust yourself forward
trying to avoid the probing fingers.  As you do, a harsh,
resounding slap comes down on your right ass cheek.  You
thwart your own movement and wait.  The fingers move in and
out of you slowly, then around inside you in a circle.  They
are then pulled out and you can feel your puckered hole
still slightly open from the pressure they caused.
	You have no idea what is going on now.  You have never
experienced anything like this before.  Up until now, your
life has been fairly straight, simple sex, nothing unusual. 
More like a slam, bam, thank you ma'am type of activity. 
But now, with your eyes shielded from outside things, you
feel everything and all things are heightened to your being. 
Your nerves feel as though they are on the edge all the
time.  You are afraid and yet, at the same time, desire to
be led down this path of frenzied passion.  Even the pain
inflicted on you thus far has not bothered you that much,
for it seems to enhance the pleasure you experience even
more.
	You can feel something firm pressing at your puckered
hole now.  Slowly it is pushed into you.  You scream through
your gagged mouth as it is forced deeper inside.  Ever so
slowly it is pressed forward.  Finally, you feel as though
you are filled to your neck and the pressure of the pushing
stops.  Next you can feel the warm liquid slowly flushing
into your bowel area.  You realize, at long last, that you
are being given an enema.  You have not experienced this
ever, but the flow of the warm water flushing into you makes
you even more excited. You wish someone would touch your
clit and your pussy.  But it does not happen.
	The water fills you.  You can feel the pressure
building within you and you feel your stomach becoming
bloated from the water flowing into you.  When the sensation
turns from a warm feeling within your bowel to pain you move
about slowly.  This action brings another sound, harsh, slap
to your left ass cheek.  Finally the water stops and the
nozzle of the enema bag is pulled from you ever so slowly. 
This action is erotic to you and you can feel your pussy
throbbing with eagerness to be satisfied.  The enema hose
nozzle is quickly replaced by a thick plug, which is pressed
firmly into your puckered hole.  You are held in this
position for what seems to be forever.  The pressure is
building within your bowel and the butt plug in your is
causing you pain.  Your clit is pulsating from these
sensations, inspite of or because of all of this.	
	After ten minutes you are pulled upward and then
pressed down in a seated position.  You realize as soon as
the hands begin to press you downward you are going to sit
on the toilet and be permitted to relieve yourself.  You can
feel the hand press between your spread legs and tug at the
plug pushed into you.  
	When you have finished you are pulled up and with a
simple movement you are lifted into the tub.  The water hits
your body, first running cold and sending chills through
you, then turning to warm.  You are washed down by two sets
of hands, then lifted once again, stood outside the tub and
you feel the towels drying you off, one in front and one
behind.  
	You feel something being pressed to your right ear,
through you hood, hear a click and then a voice.  "We shall
remove your gag if you promise not to scream or talk.  If
you promise shake your head up and down.  If you do scream
or talk, the gag will be replaced and you will pay dearly
for it."  The gruff, raspy voice hissed through the tape
recorder.  You quickly nod your head up and down in
compliance.  You feel fingers at the back of your head and
the pressure of the leather strap is released.  The fingers
probe your mouth carefully and tug at the soft ball and pull
it slowly from behind your teeth, over your lips and out.
	You swallow quickly and hard.  Then a glass is pressed
to your slightly parted lips and you open to receive the
contents.  The cold water washes through your mouth down
your dry throat, giving you some relief.
	You are then pulled forward and you walk slowly as you
are guided from the room.  Again your hands and arms are
unhooked and reattached in front of you.  They are then
pulled upward toward the ceiling and before you even realize
it you are secured in the same manner as before receiving
your first enema.
	Another drink is offered you.  This time it tastes
somewhat sour.  You recognize the taste quickly to be orange
juice.  The entire glass is slowly emptied into your mouth.
	Fingers begin to probe at your spread pussy again.  You
moan as they find your clit and begin to slowly tease it
until it is erect and firm.  Slowly the fingers slide into
your canal and press deep into you.  You moan again and
attempt to thrust your hips forward.
	You feel something being pressed to your mouth.  You do
not know what it is but when the fingers reach for your chin
you open your mouth without further encouragement.  The item
is pressed in and then a strap secures it in place behind
your head.  It is shaped like a penis, small and rubber.
	You are left hanging for several minutes now, without
anyone touching you.  You do not know if your captures are
even in the room or not, but you did not hear the door
close, so you assume they are.  You suddenly feel a moisture
on your pubic mound.  Then the fingers begin to massage over
your mound slowly and carefully.  Finally you feel something
pulling lightly at the hair and this is when you realize
they are shaving your pussy clean of hair.  You want to
scream, you could jerk away, but fear being cut by the razor
if you do, so you stay perfectly still, hating, deep down
what they are doing to you.  Finally you feel a warm cloth
rub over your pubic mound then fingers soaked with oil
rubbing gently over your now very sensitive pussy.  Slowly
they work the oil into the freshly shaved area. Every so
often the fingers press down between the spread open lips
and tease at your erect clit, then back up to pet the oil
into your shaved pussy.
	You have seen women with a shaved pussy before.  You
thought they looked like little girls and knew you would
never do this to yourself.  It is embarrassing to be a full
grown woman of twenty eight and have your pussy look like
that of a child of ten or so.  You figured women did this
only to try to recapture their youth, not realizing the
sexual pleasure it could bring.  You still have not realized
the sexual pleasure it could bring, but before this long,
holiday weekend is over you shall.
	You feel fingers reaching up and playing with your
nipples.  Quickly they react and become hard to the
touching.  While the fingers play with the right nipple, the
other hand squeezes your breast from the base and forces the
nipple to protrude even more.  Suddenly a pinching is felt
on the nipple and you moan a scream through the gag in your
mouth.  The hands pull away but the pinching continues.  The
left breast and nipple are played with in the same manner
and then the pinching starts to it also.  The pinching is
not severe, even less severe than the pinching from your
captures fingers, but it is constant and does hurt some. 
The hands pull away from you and your nipples continue to
pinch, causing you even more excitement in your nether
region.  The pressure is unbelievable to you, for you never
knew you could become so stimulated from your nipples being
pinched firmly and constantly.
	Next a wide belt is placed around your waist.  You can
feel, what you can only describe as a tail hanging from the
back of it, swinging into your asscheeks as it is let loose
by your captures hands.  The belt is tightened around your
waist, not too tight but firmly so it has no movement.
	Fingers begin to probe your freshly shaved pussy.  The
touch, at first, sends waves of stimulation through your
body.  Slowly they rub over your clit then into your
dripping hole.  They are quickly replaced by a thick, but
short inflexible cock.  You recognize the feel immediately
as a dildo with knobs all over it.  It is pressed into you
slowly then pulled out then back in and out again.  Finally
after three more strokes it is pulled out completely.  You
thrust your body forward to try to capture it with your
pussy lips and hold it within you but thrash against the
empty air.  
	You feel the thick short cock being pressed into your
ass pucker now.  You tighten your body as it presses into
the outside of the virgin hole.  A series of harsh slaps
come to your freshly shaved pussy lips.  You attempt to
relax, and as you do, the spanking to your pussy stops.  The
dildo is slowly, but firmly pressed into your ass.  It feels
so big inside you, you feel as though it is ripping your
apart.  After the first initial pain subsides, you then just
feel full within your ass.
	Fingers play with your pinching nipples to heighten the
sensation of them.  The pain you felt now streaks through
them again, as the fingers draw attention to them.
	You feel another firm, long hard cock being pressed
into your spread open pussy.  Slowly it is teased in and out
of you and finally you explode with your first orgasm.  Your
body shaking uncontrollably from the tremor of the orgasm. 
Again the cock is thrust deep within you.  You can feel the
two artificial cocks touching each other through your thin
wall.  Once it is pressed deep within you it is left and no
further action is taken with it.
	You feel full and stuffed in each hole now.  You are
still excited and can feel the building of another orgasm
flowing through your body.  
	A finger reaches out and begins to massage the tip of
your clit.  It rubs the head thoroughly then around the
outside then pulls away.  Suddenly you can feel the heat
spreading from your clit, as the cream that your capture
just rubbed there gets warmer and warmer.  You moan from the
impact this has on your body and you feel a second orgasm
rush through your body.
	Then you feel the hands press between your legs again
and you hear and feel the hum of the vibrating dildo pressed
into your pussy.  Another set of hands pushes the dildo in
your ass in deeper and the vibration begins from it also. 
The leather strap that had hit your buttocks now is pressed
between your legs and forces both hard cocks deeper into you
and is fastened to the front of the belt around your waist. 
	You move from one orgasm to another, stimulated by the
artificial, vibrating cocks within you and the heat cream on
your clit.  Fingers flick at your pinched tits and this
sends you into a wave of orgasms.  Your body is dripping wet
from the perspiration.  You hear the door open and close and
you are left hanging there brought from one orgasm to
another to another.
	After a very long time to you, but in reality only
about an hour, you hear the door open again and feel the
strap being undone from the waist belt.  Slowly it is thread
back between your legs and then the dildo in your pussy is
turned off then the one in your ass.  You are unhooked and
your arms are secured behind you once again and led slowly
from the room.  The dildos still seated deep within you.
	You are so tired from the orgasmic pleasures you can
hardly walk.  Suddenly you are lifted into someone's arm and
carried.  You are placed on a bed on your back.  Your hands
are unhooked then hooked to the head of the bed.  Slowly the
dildos are pulled from you.  You suddenly feel empty and
open.  Your feet are pulled wide apart and attached to the
foot of the bed.  You suddenly feel someone between your
legs and slowly you can feel a cock being pressed into your
well used pussy.  Slowly the cock pumps in and out of you,
until finally as you are about to erupt with another orgasm,
you feel the cock swell and the hot cream fills you.
	After a few more hard, fast strokes inside you the limp
member is pulled out and the capture moves over your leg and
lays on the bed on your right side.  You think it is over,
but suddenly you feel the presence of your other capture
between your legs.  His cock is thick and hurts when he
pushes into you.  He slams it in and out of you, as though
he was in a big hurry to achieve his goal.  Faster and hard,
deeper and deeper, then you feel yourself tighten around the
cock and another orgasm flushes through your body.  He
continues to beat his cock in and out of you for several
minutes more, bringing you to yet another orgasm, then you
feel his hot cream shot into you.  As it does, he thrusts

even hard and deeper into you, until his member is limp. 
Finally he withdraws and rolls over to your left side and
lays on the bed.  A hand reaches to your nipples and the
pinching devices are removed.  You all sleep soundly, you
especially, for it is the first time you have ever been so
filled and fulfilled sexually.

Continued part 2 - captures




Captured - Part two

by Ca.H.

The day of training -

	You awake, realizing your mouth is dry from the gag
still wedged into it.  You want to cough but find it
difficult to do so.  Your body aches from the activities of
the night before and the multiple orgasms you have
experienced.  It was no dream, your realize as you come to
from your sleep, for you feel the bodies of your captors
laying beside you.  One hand is pressed to your breasts and
from the left, a hand is pressed firmly into your pussy.
	You moan and roll a bit in an attempt to awaken your
captors.  You don't really want to start the game all over
again but you do have the need for the bathroom and only
they, since you are still tied securely, are capable of
giving you your desired relief.
	The hand pressed to your pussy moves slowly then
fingers you lightly.  The fingers move to your clit and
press firmly to it then rubs the dry head slowly.  You can
feel yourself becoming excited from this but the excitement
is overshadowed by your need.  Finally the fingers firmly
grip the head of your clit and pinch fairly hard.  You can
no longer control yourself and feel yourself release your
bladder.  You do not release all its contents but enough to
get the bed slightly wet.  You hear no sounds but suddenly a
harsh thud hits your pussy when your captor slaps it with
his opened hand.  Under his breath you hear a muffled word,
'bitch' is what you make out.
	Your hands and legs are unhooked from the bed and you
are pulled to your feet by the leather cuffs around your
wrists.  You are dragged down the hall to the  tiled floor
room and forced to sit down on the toilet.  When you have
finished the hands press firmly between your legs and you
feel the tissue being pulled over your pussy lips.
	You are then stood up and your hands are pulled behind
you.  They are secured tightly with your arms crossed.  A
leather strap is then placed over your connected wrists and
brought upwards to your neck.  A leather collar is placed
around your neck and the leather strap from your wrists is
snapped into the collar.
	You feel your captor pushing you to the floor, you go
down with his help.  He then kicks with his foot to your
legs, indicating he wants you to spread them further apart. 
You do as he indicates.
	He presses you down from the head so your face touches
the floor, your ass sticking up into the air.  You hear the
water run behind you and await your next enema.  It is given
then you are showered and led back down the hall.
	Once inside you hear someone moving about then you can
hear whispering off to the right of you.
	Your hands are unhooked as is the collar from your
neck.  You are led across the room, quickly your hands are
fastened together again in front of you.  You are forced
down to a kneeling position again, but feel something
pressing into your back as you go down.  Suddenly, lifted at
the waist you are raised and then lowered over an ottoman,
on your back, your head hanging down over the other side. 
Your hands are pulled tightly over your head and fastened to
something preventing movement.  Your legs are pushed roughly
open and a spreader bar is placed between your thighs about
four inches below your opened pussy.  A finger roughly
probes your opened sex hole now then pulls out from you. 
You lay there waiting for what is too happen, with your
breasts and pussy thrust forward and up from the position
you have been placed on the ottoman.
	You feel something touch your opened pussy.  It is not
a finger, you can tell that, but what it is you are not
sure.  Suddenly it is pulled away, within a second it comes
back in contact with your opened pussy with a resounding
thrash.  Again and again the birch stick slaps at your
pussy.  Hitting your clit and causing you to scream through
your still gagged mouth.  Finally after about ten lashes it
stops and then begins again on your breasts.  The birch
finding the nipples every so often and the pain rushes
through your body.  Yet your pussy is dripping with juices,
inspite of or because of this treatment.
	Finally it stops!  You feel fingers find your hurting
clit and they softly rub you to orgasm.  Your body doesn't
require much stimulation, the birch stick did most of it. 
You jerk and shake with the orgasm.  The hand slowly thrusts
two fingers into you and presses from the inside wall to
spread your pussy opened more.  
	"Pee on me again bitch and you'll think this was a
picnic."  Your captor says.  His thumb finds your sore clit
and presses against it firmly.  He withdraws his fingers and
leaves you there for a short time.
	When you feel hands on you again you are being pulled
up and then turned over so you are on your stomach.  Your
knees bend and rest on the floor.  Your ass is now open to
whatever your captors wish to do.
	You hear one say, "I like the looks of a red ass, don't
you?"  The other responds, "Sure do, but this one isn't red
enough to suit me."  Your head is ringing with the words. 
You know what is going to happen next.  You know they are
going to punish your upturned ass cheeks.  Spank you like a
child until you can't sit down for a week.  You thrash
against your bonds now, this brings a resounding blow to
your sit spot with an opened hand.  You calm down, after
having strained against your bonds and realizing you can't
get away anyway.
	You can hear them moving behind you now.  Then with a
quick swish through the air a hard paddle slaps at your bare
ass.  You jerk forward some and the blow is repeated again
and again.  By the time you hear the administer of the
spanking reach the count of twenty you realize you are
bringing your ass back up to meet the punishing paddle.  It
whacks at your tender ass again and again and the heat of
your ass has spread to your pussy.  Suddenly it stops.  You
hear movement behind you and then feel the sting of a
leather strap or belt strike your already burning ass.  The
belt slaps down on your upturned ass again and again.  You
are thrusting upwards to meet it when, much to your surprise
you orgasm as it flails onto your burning flesh.  The
spanking continues and you are brought up over the edge of
orgasm again and again.  Your body is jerking about wildly
against your bonds.  
	Suddenly it all stops.  You feel fingers pressing on to
your hot molten flesh and then feel the head of a cock press
between your legs to opened pussy.  Slowly it slides in and
out of you several times, then pulls out completely. You can
feel the head of it pressed to your ass pucker and with a
quick forceful movement it is thrust into you.  You scream
through your gag at the pain and scream again when your
captors pelvis area slaps hard into your burning ass cheeks. 
Slowing the pace a bit he pulls from you then thrust back
into you hard and firm.  Each time he thrusts harder into
your ass and withdraws slowly.  Finally he begins to thrust
faster and faster as well as hard, his pelvis hitting your
burning ass cheeks each time, as if spanking you all over
again.  You moan as the wave of orgasm spreads through you
and you feel him explode his creamy juices inside your
bowel.  When he withdraws from you, after a few minutes of
resting on your back, he slaps your ass again with his
opened hand then moves away from you.
	Someone moves in front of you and the gag is removed. 
Quickly the fingers touch your chin and you do not respond. 
The fingers grip the end of your nose and you open your
mouth to breath, when you do, a ring is placed inside your
mouth and forced behind your teeth, forcing your mouth
opened fairly wide.  The fingers are pulled from your nose
and you are left for a moment to get used to the ring.
	With a sudden thrust a cock is pressed through the ring
into your mouth.  You have never had a cock in your mouth
before and really don't know what to do.  Slowly your tongue
moves, but not up and down the cock, but in an attempt to
get away from it.  As you move your tongue away a slap comes
hard to your burning ass again from the leather strap. 
Again and again your ass is spanked, until your tongue gets
the message and begins to circle slowly around the cock in
your mouth.  You work hard to circle the rigid member and
slowly you bring it to a firmer, harder state.  As you
encase it with your tongue and move over the shaft, a dildo
is thrust between your legs into your opened pussy.  It is
pushed and pulled into you quickly.  Finally the cock in
your mouth becomes very hard and the owner of it begins to
pump it in and out of your mouth, your tongue reaching for
the head as it is pulled out.  Your pussy is getting reamed
with the dildo now and the cock in your mouth squirts a bit
of pre cum then thrusts harder and faster.  You both explode
at the same time with orgasm and your mouth and tongue work
feverishly to take all the cum and swallow it.  The member
becomes limp and is pulled from your mouth.  The ring is
then slowly removed and you are left without a gagged.  Your
hands are unhooked, yet still snapped together at the
wrists.  Your legs are taken from the spreader bar.  You are
pulled to your feet now and led out of the room.
	Your feet feel a cold flooring beneath them and you
recognize the feel of tile.  You can smell coffee, so you
realize you are in the kitchen.  You are led to a hard
wooden chair and pushed down.  When your ass cheeks make
contact with the chair seat you scream slightly.
	Someone pulls you back up and then slams his opened
hand to your ass ten times in quick succession then forces
you back down again.  This time you do not scream, but moan
deep within your throat as your deep red ass cheeks touch
the hard wooden chair seat.
	You sit quietly.  You can feel your pussy dripping on
to the chair beneath you.  You are still so excited that
if one of your captors were to touch your clit you know you
would explode with orgasm again.
	You are slowly fed cereal, given a sip of hot coffee. 
More cereal is fed to you and then more coffee until you
have eaten quite enough.  You are then left along for a few
moments, but still hear your captors eating their breakfast
close by.
	You hear a knock on the door.  Fear rips through your
body, that anyone would see you this way.  One of your
captors leaves the room and you can hear muffled
conversation at the front door.  Then you hear someone walk
back into the kitchen.  Soon you hear someone else walk into
the kitchen also.
	"What can I do to her?", the new voice says.
	"Anything you wish, just don't kill her," said one of
your captors.
	"Stand up slut," you hear the new voice say, then reach
for your right breast and pull you to your feet by grasping
it and pulling upward.  
	Soon his fingers were playing with the nipples of each
breast.  He slowly teases them and squeezes them.  Finally
one of your captors said, "Pinch them hard and pull on them,
she loves it. If she screams, take her over your knee and
paddle her ass hard."
	The new person began to slowly pinch each nipple
between his forefinger and thumb.  Slowly he pinched them
harder and harder then twists them around one direction then
another, then pulls them outward.  You moaned and then
screamed with the pain inflicted to your sore sensitive
nipples.  His fingers released their grip, he pulls you by
the arms slowly.  You feel his knee being pressed under your
stomach and you being forced over it.  A series of severe
slaps comes crashing down on your burning ass again and
again.  He doesn't seem to want to stop, and he continues
until one of your captors finally says, "I think that's
enough spanking, she got the point."
	He stood you back up after one more slap then went back
to your nipples.  You are crying beneath your hood but
managed to keep your screams within so they only sounded
like moans.  He pinches your nipples again hard and then
twists them one direction then another again and again.  The
pain courses through your body; yet somehow finds your pussy
and heats it up quickly.  The juices flow easily from you
now and run down your leg.
	His interest turns to your pussy now, as he fingers the
shaved region.  Slowly his fingers move into between your
wet lips and he slides his fingers deep into you.  He
withdraws his fingers then presses them firmly to your
mouth.  You don't want to open and keep it firmly closed. 
You have never tasted your own juices before and don't
really desire to now.
	"Would you like your ass spanked again, this time with
my belt?"  The new one says.  You open your mouth quickly to
take his wet fingers into it.  Actually you think, I don't
taste bad.  Sort of sweet.  You lick his fingers clean, then
he pulls them from you.
	"I want to ram my hard cock into her while she is being
spanked by one of you.  Can we do that?"  The new one asks. 
Your heart sinks when you hear one of the captors say sure
and the pulls at your hands.
	You are pulled into another room and your hands are
secured firmly over your head.  A ball gag is pushed into
your mouth again and your legs are spread open wide with a
spreader bar.  Slowly fingers probe your nether lips and
tease your flesh.  You hear one of them say, tease her clit
then leave her hanging on the edge of orgasm, it drives her
wild.  The fingers press to your clit and slowly move over
it rubbing it till it is erect and hard.  Firmer and faster
the finger moves your clit until your hips are thrusting
forward.  As you near orgasm you hear someone say, that's
enough, she's there.  And the fingers are pulled from you. 
The next five minutes you are not touched.  Then slowly the
fingers go back to teasing your clit again and once again,
when you near orgasm, they stop.
	You are burning inside now, wanting your sex filled
with a firm cock.  You are frustrated and thrusting your
hips forward to find something to give you relief.  As you
come down from the edge the fingers probe you again and
bring you back up to the peak then stop again.  This goes on
for nearly an hour and you ache inside for the need to be
satisfied.
	Suddenly you feel the thrust of a hard cock slammed
into your pussy and as it slams in someone behind you spanks
your still pinkish ass cheeks with a rubber soled shoe. 
Each time the cock is pulled out then thrust back in the
rubber thong smacks firmly on your ass.  Now your pussy is
burning with desires and your ass if just as hot, if not
hotter from the spanking it receives.  You are pushed over
the edge into one of the most mind blowing orgasm you have
ever had.  You black out from the waves of pleasure coursing
through your body.
	When you awaken you are on the bed.  Secured in the
same manner as the night before.  You nipples ache, so you
know they have placed nipple clamps to you again.  Your
pussy is full with a dildo which is not vibrating.
	You move your head and when you do the dildo is pulled
from you then pushed back into you.  Again and again it is
pushed and pulled.  Finally it is pulled out completely and
is replaced with the real thing.  First one guy thrusts into
your hot box and creams inside you, then the next, then
finally the third.
	The nipple clamps are removed and slowly your nipples
are rubbed.  Someone placed their hands around the base of
your right breast and squeeze it firmly, but not hard,
pushing the nipple out, then holds it in this manner for a
few moments when someone else slaps the erect tit with a
thin leather strap.  Faster and harder the slaps come,
spanking the tit soundly.  Then the same thing is repeated
to the other tit.  A hand finds your spread pussy and slowly
slaps at it then a dildo is thrust back into you and turned
on and you are left to come to orgasm after orgasm from this
hard, relentless cock.
	By the time an hour, what seems like forever to you,
passes the dildo is pulled from you.  Your body is jerking
in uncontrollable orgasm again, how many times you don't
know for sure.  You are then left to lay there and sleep
soundly from your tiring morning. 
		When you awaken your hood has been removed and
replaced with a blindfold.  Your gag has been taken from
your mouth.  You are still strapped to the bed, spread
eagle.  You move your head about and stretch as best you
can.  When you do, someone unhooks your hands then your feet
and pulls you to the edge of the bed.  They guide you up and
lead you down the hall to bathroom and allow you to relieve
yourself.  An enema is again given then you are showered
thoroughly.  Once the shower is completed you are pushed
down on the toilet seat again and a douche is administered
to your well worked pussy.  You ache every where from your
recent treatment.  Your ass still burns when it touches the
seat suddenly, reminding you of the harsh, severe spankings
you received earlier that day.  You are cleaned inside and
out now.  Your captor presses a brush to your closed mouth
and a your nose smells the sweet smell of toothpaste.  You
open your mouth and he begins to brush your teeth slowly and
tenderly.
	You are led back down the hall again.  Once you are
pulled through an opened doorway you are told to stand in
the center of the room and not move.  You stand where you
have been placed.  A strapless bra is then hooked around
your breasts.  Your captor secures it firmly, it is at least
one size too small and pulls your breasts up firmly.  When
he has hooked it he then runs his fingers over the front of
it.  Much to your surprise the nipples are exposed through a
hole in the front of the bra.
	You are forced to raise your feet one at a time when
silk, soft panties are pulled up over your legs.  You can
feel the opening of the panties in the back and your
buttocks are uncovered.  The silk panties have a thin piece
running down through your ass cheek crack to your pussy. 
The fingers probe your pussy region and you feel the hole
that makes the access to your pussy easy.
	You are led back down the hall to the room you
recognize by the feel of the carpeting.  It is the room you
have been secured to the ceiling to several times since your
arrival here.  When you are pushed into the room you hear a
hum of noise and realize there are several people around
you.
	"Well ladies and gents, this is our toy for the night. 
Use her carefully, we don't want damaged goods on our hands. 
You can fuck her, eat her, spanks her, give her enemas,
pussy whip her, tit whip her, and bring her close to orgasm
and leave her wanting.  And anything else you might be
creative enough to dream up.  She loves it all."
	Your hands are pulled over your head and hooked to the
rope or chain hanging from the ceiling.  You feel hands
touching you every where.  Probing, exploding your nether
region, your ass between your ass cheeks, your nipples and
rubbing your shaved pubic mound.
	"A shaved cunt is always so inviting," you hear a woman
say.  "I could eat her out all night with that shaved
pussy."
	You are afraid, yet your body betrays you when you try
to keep from becoming excited at the touching and probing it
is receiving.  You can feel your pussy dripping on the silk
material then down your leg.
	A long finger nailed finger presses into your pussy
now, and someone asks, "Are you a hot little slut?"  You do
not respond.  This brings a harsh finger fucking by the long
finger nailed finger pressed into you and finally you say,
"Yes I am."  A quick sharp slap comes to your uncovered ass
and someone else says, "Call her mistress and the men master
slut or be prepared to have your ass heated up with the
whip."  
	"Yes Master," you respond quickly.
	Someone finally takes control of the crowd of people. 
You are so embarrassed to be put in this position, but have
no choice but to let things happen as they will.
	One of your original captors is now directing the party
crowd.  they have decided to make up slips of paper with a
number on it to see who gets to use you first.  The paper
will be drawn out of a hat.  You hear someone say, 'okay
that will be eight numbers then', your heart sinks and you
dread having to tolerate eight different people using you. 
	These may be your thoughts, however your pussy is
dripping with the excitement of the events ahead.  You think
to yourself, 'I've never been eaten by a woman before, I
wonder what it is like?' you question yourself.
	Someone removes the gag from your mouth.  A glass is
given to you and you drink.  It is cool water rushing down
your throat.  The person pouring it into your mouth pours it
quickly and part of it lands on your breasts.  They react
quickly to the coldness of it and become erect immediately. 
You feel long finger nailed fingers touching the nipples
quickly.  They rub over them gently and tenderly.  Then
reaching to the back of the nipple presses it hard between
the forefinger and thumb so the tip is caught just at the
edge and the pain shots through you.  You let out a scream. 
The fingers release the nipples.  You hear the person walk
slowly around you, then someone else says loudly, "Screaming
little bitches get their ass whipped."  It was a woman's
voice you hear.  You wonder to yourself what she would do if
she were in the same position as you.  It didn't matter,
because she wasn't in that position, you are.
	Slowly your hands are lowered and unhooked from the
chain attached to the ceiling.  The long finger nailed woman
takes you by the arm and leads you across the room.  Once
there she sits down and pulls you slowly over her lap.  You
know everyone is watching this event and you become flush
with embarrassment.  To be spanked by another grown woman,
on your bare bottom, over her knee.  To be treated like a
little girl is humiliating.
	"What do mommy's do when little girls are bad?" the
finger nailed woman asks you as she pokes you in the back
with the tip end of her finger.
	With great hesitation you finally respond, "They punish
them mistress."
	"How do they punish them?" She prods more.
	"They, they, er, spank them mistress." You stutter.
	"Do they spank them on their bare bottom with a
hairbrush?"
	You don't know what to say to her, you know if you say
yes she will spank you with a hair brush, but your ass still
hurts from the spanking earlier today.  Finally you blurt
out the words, "Yes mistress."
	She orders you to spread your legs apart, you do so. 
Her fingers move down between your ass cheeks then to your
dripping wet pussy.  She finds your clit and fingers you
lightly.  She then reposition you on her lap, her fingers
run lightly over your tingling ass cheeks.  You are nearly
ready to explode already, the anticipation of the spanking
that your mind says you dread, but your pussy says you love.
The fingering of your clit.  You are ready to reach climax
already.  Suddenly with a force you didn't believe a woman
could have, the flat side of a hair brush slaps into your
already sore buttocks.  Again and again the hair brush comes
down on your ass, you climax by the time she reaches the
count of twelve.  The brush is stopped and the spanking
continues with her open hand.  She is strong and slams into
your burning red bottom forcefully.  The entire time you try
to suppress your screams.  Every once and a while one
escapes your mouth and when it does your mistress announces,
ten more spanks.  After she announces to the room she has
reached forty spanks there is applause.  She continues
though, until she announces she has reached sixty.  At sixty
spanks she stops and pushes you to the floor.  You lay on
your stomach there in a heap at her feet.  She quickly rolls
you over and presses her hands to your legs and spreads you
open wide.  Someone on either side of you grabs your ankles
and holds you open.  Then someone else pulls at your hands
and holds them above your head.  Your sore ass cheeks are
being pressed into the carpeting and the heat from them is
finding its way to your pussy.  You feel her hair touch your
bared mound and then a tongue darts into your spread opened
pussy lips.  Slowly it flicks at your clit, then moves down
your lips to your dripping hole.  Then back up to your clit. 
Each time bringing you closer and closer to orgasm.  Finally
a fingernail presses onto your clit and begins to tease it,
and the probing tongue is thrust into your open and ready
hole.  It pushes in and out quickly now and the finger
nailed finger moves over your clit in the same speed. 
Within a moment you are pulled over the edge and your body
quakes with orgasm, one after another.  Until you feel
certain you will pass out, but you don't.
	She finally pulls away from you.  You are satisfied
sexually like you have never been before, except for one
thing, you still feel the need for a firm, hard cock inside
you.  You feel someone straddling your chest now and your
lips feel the moisture of something over them.  Someone
orders you to lick and telling you to bring your mistress
off or be whipped. Your tongue moves out of your mouth
slowly, timidly to the pussy above you and begins to lick at
it in the same fashion she had licked at yours.  Within a
few moments she shakes and jerks over you and you feel her
juices flow into your opened mouth.  Your tongue trying to
lick up all the juices.
	You are left to rest now.

continued - part 3




Captured - Part 3

by Ca.H.

The Party

	You are left for nearly thirty minutes to recoup
from your ordeal.  Finally two male voices announce they are
going to have you at the same time.  One from the rear and
one from the front.  You are pulled up from the floor and
hooked to the ceiling chain again and pulled upright so your
feet just touch the floor.  A spreader bar is placed between
your ankles.  You feel the warmth of a body press to your
front, slowly the fingers tease tenderly, lovingly at your
nipples, then pinch them lightly.  Another body presses to
your back.  You feel his hand guide his firm cock into your
pussy from behind you and it easily slides into you.  He
pulls in an out three times then pulls out completely.  The
person in front of you reaches behind you and pulls your
burning ass cheeks open and you feel the man's cock enter
you from behind.  He holds it there and waits to move until
the man in front of you pushes forward into you pussy.  You
feel stuffed with both cocks pressed into you.  They thrust
in and out of you in perfect timing now.  Neither cares if
you are satisfied, that is obvious, for they merely use your
body to bring themselves satisfaction.  Their pounding
increases in speed and hardness, you feel the one in your
ass explode inside you and shortly the one in your pussy
fills your inner walls.  The hot cream flowing into both
your sex holes.  They pump into your several more times then
finally withdraw.  You have not reached orgasm, though you
are close, but they walk away from you not caring.
	You are left hanging there in your agony to be
satisfied.  The next person to come to you is another woman. 
She announces to the crowd she wants to give you an enema,
then make you hold it inside yourself while she brings you
off and then you bring her off.  They don't even bother to
move you from the room, they instead bring the necessary
items into the room.  You are released from your hanging
position and placed over the seat of a chair.  Slowly she
teases you with the end of the enema nozzle then thrusts it
into your ass.  This is different from the nozzle you are
used to, this one is long and thick and spread your puckered
hole open wide.  Slowly the water enters your bowel, more
and more water flows into you.  You feel the pressure
building in your stomach and forcing it outward with bloat. 
Now it becomes painful, as she releases more water into you. 
At long last, you hear one of the original captors say, I
don't think she is accustomed to that much, I would stop if
I were you.  She does.  You are very uncomfortable now, your
attentions are drawn from your pussy to your discomfort
caused by the water pressure inside you.  Slowly the water
flow stops, you feel the nozzle being pulled from you and
replaced with a thick, short butt plug.
	She rolls you over on your back now and buries her head
between your legs and begins to work on you.  You can't
concentrate on your pussy, you are in so much discomfort,
almost pain.  Her hands reach to your nipples and slowly rub
them then pinch them hard and pull on the breasts, while her
tongue works your clit fast and feverishly.  Finally you
hear her say, "If you don't cum slut the water stays in and
I flog your ass for the next fifteen minutes without stop. 
Make up your mind cunt."  Then she buries her head back
between your legs and works on your clit again. Soon you
find yourself reaching the peak inspite of your pain from
the water held within you.  Her tongue continues to lick
your clit while her fingers move inside you.  First two
fingers then three then four and you realize her entire fist
is inside you working your over used hole.  You scream with
the orgasm that rushes through you as your hips buck up and
down in response to her fist thrusting in and out of you.  
	She then moves to your face and straddles you.  You
need not be told what to do and your tongue reaches out to
her hot, dripping pussy and begin to work in a frenzy to
bring her to orgasm so you can be relieved of the water
forced to be held within you.  Finally you feel her jerk
then rock back and forth on you and your tongue probes her
flowing hole faster and faster to push her further over the
edge.  She falls off you and someone quickly picks you up
and carries you down the hall to the bathroom.  The plug is
released from you and finally the water flushes from you. 
You are then taken back down the hall to the same room.
	The rest of the night is spent using you in any fashion
the group desires.  You are laid out on a table with your
legs pulled up and spread wide so you are in the position
you would be if laying on an examination table at the
doctors.  Each person takes turns pushing and shoving either
their cock or tongue or fingers into your opened holes. 
Nipple clips are attached to your nipples and while they are
on someone slaps at your nipples and breasts with a leather
strap.  Your mouth is forced open to take a cock and suck
the owner until he creams in your mouth and you are ordered
to swallow every drop.  You do so, as best you can.  When
some of it escapes your lips someone else quickly pulls you
to a position so they can slap at your ass again and again. 
They tease you for nearly three hours, bringing you close to
orgasm then leaving you hanging on the edge.  Again and
again they bring you to that level then stop.  Finally
someone pushes a 12 inch dildo into your dripping pussy that
is at least three or maybe four inches in diameter.  It
feels like it will split you open but doesn't and instead
brings you to wave after wave of orgasms.  You finally
collapse and pass out from the over use.
	When you wake you are laying on a bed.  A sheet is
covering your body.  Your hands are loosely tied to the head
board so you can roll over easily.  Your feet are the same. 
You roll over and fall back to sleep quickly.
	When you awaken, it is because someone is touching your
pussy.  They must have been working it for some time because
you can feel your juices dripping and flowing easily from
it.  You moan as they probe inside you.  They stop and you
feel your hands been released as well as your legs.  Some
hooks your hands together in front of you then pulls you to
your feet.  You are led down the hall to the bathroom again
and permitted to relieve yourself.  An enema follows, but
instead of a shower the bathtub is filled and you are placed
in it.  The warm water surrounds your aching body, soothing
you.  Hands begin to rub a washcloth over your back then
your front and slowly over your entire body.  The touch is
gentle, yet firm.  A pitcher of water is poured over your
head and your hair is washed.  You hear water running again
and then another pitcher is poured over your head, then
another after the first.  Slowly you are pulled up by your
captor and lifted from the tub.  A towel is wrapped around
you and the person begins to soothingly dry your skin. 
Another towel is placed over your wet hair and secured
there.  When you are completely dry, you feel something
being rubbed on your skin.  It is cold at first, but then
warms as the hands rubs your body thoroughly.  You can smell
the liquid now and recognize it as a perfumed body oil. 
Slowly it is rubbed over your body, until every inch is
covered.  You are then pulled to the sink and a tooth brush
is placed to your mouth, you open and your captor brushes
your teeth tenderly and gently.  You are then forced to sit
on the closed toilet and your captor begins to rub your hair
with the towel.  A comb is pulled through your semi-long
hair again and again.  You are then taken to the kitchen.
	Once there you are seated in a chair, that you can only
describe as a high chair.  Your hands are secured to the
arms of the chair and your feet are placed on a circular bar
foot rest then secured to the outside legs of the chair.  A
strap is placed under your breasts and your back is pressed
firmly to the back of the chair when the strap is connected
behind you.  
	You can smell bacon and coffee and you realize how
hungry you really are.  Suddenly a cup is placed to your
lips and you part your closed mouth eagerly to take in the
coffee you can smell.  It is hot, but not that hot and you
drink willingly.  Slowly you are fed bacon and eggs with
toast, sipping coffee and orange juice in between the food. 
Finally your hunger is satisfied yet your captor presses
another bite to your mouth and you take it without
objection.  You are left alone now while your captors sit at
the table near you and eat their breakfast.  Nothing is said
the entire time.
	The house is very quiet now.  You assume your captors
are the only ones there now and the other guests have left. 
They did leave late during the night or very early in the
morning, all except one that is.  The one who stayed was the
bitch with the long finger nails.  As you sit in silence you
hear her come into the kitchen then feel her finger nails
touching your nipples.  Quickly they become firm and
extended and she pinches each gently then sucks on first one
then another.
	"Want some breakfast?" one your captors finally says. 
And the long finger nailed woman draws away from you after
biting at each nipple lightly.  She says yes then you hear a
chair being pulled over the floor and then silence fills the
room again.
	"What have you in mind for her today?", you hear the
woman ask.
	"Almost anything, maybe something different today.  But
we have to take her back late tonight, so enjoy whatever
time we have left using her." One of your captor's says.
	"Good, I would like to use her, treat her like a child
and I'm her mommy," said the woman.
	"That's fine," said one of your captors, "you want her
to play a little school girl or something?"
	"Sure," the woman said, "I'd like to have her be a
little school girl who comes home with a bad report card or

having gotten into trouble in school and deserves a sound
spanking.  Then gets another when daddy comes home."
	"Sounds good to me," says one of the captors.  "Let's
put her in a little ruffled dress without panties and bra
and get her into the proper frame of mind for her role."
	You listen closely as this discussion goes on and much
to your surprise your pussy is responding to the words you
hear.  It has already begun to drip with your juices.
	You are taken from your chair and moved back to the
bedroom.  The woman dresses you in a short ruffled dress. 
The hem of which barely covers your bare ass.  You feel her,
after forcing you to sit on the edge of the bed, put socks
on your feet, they come up to your ankles, then shoes that
strap over the tops of your feet.  She tells you to go down
the hall to the front door, guiding you in that direction,
and open then close the door as if you just came home from
school.  She pushes a piece of paper into your hand and
instructs you to bring it home to mommy.
	You are left at the front door now, your first
opportunity of the weekend to escape, but for some reason
you don't even think about escaping.  Instead you open then
close the door and yell out as you were instructed.  "Mommy
I'm home."
	"Good, did you have a nice day?," you hear the woman's
voice speak as she walks towards you.
	"Yes mommy, I had a nice day." you answer sheepishly.
	"What is this," she says taking the paper from your
hand. "Your report card huh little girl?"
	You bend your head before her, inspite of the fact you
are still blindfolded and can't see her then say, "Yes
mommy."
	You hear her open the paper as if reading your report
card then finally she says, "This won't do at all little
girl.  These grades are very bad.  Plus your teachers say
you don't pay attention and are rude in school.  I told you
the last time you got your report card that if it wasn't
better you would be punished by me and daddy, didn't I?"
	"Yes mommy," you respond with great difficultly.  You
are so excited now you can feel your pussy dripping your
juices down between your legs.
	"Well little girl you are going to be soundly spanked
and when daddy comes home he will spank you also.  Come
along with me."  She reaches out and grabs your hand firmly
and pulls you behind her as she walks into another room.
	She leads you into another room and tells you to stand
there until she says otherwise.  You stand with your hands
at your sides, feet spread apart slightly.  She moves around
you lecturing you, sounding just like a mother then finally
says, "I think the ping pong paddle will do nicely to warm
up your bare bottom and teach you to behave better."  You
feel your stomach muscles twitch and the excitement flows
easily through your pussy now.  You are so turned on and
excited you can hardly wait.  You hope she will take you
across her knees and play with your clit a little before and
during the spanking.  Instead she pulls you to a table and
presses you over it with your bare ass sticking up into the
air.  She folds the ruffled dress up so it lays on your back
and the coolness of the room brushes against your bottom. 
You can almost not contain yourself now.  Her hand presses
to the small of your back and with a forcefulness the paddle
strikes your bared bottom firmly.  "You will count child,"
she says and you somehow contain yourself to say one.  Again
the paddle slaps at your tender bottom and again you say,
"Twwwwooooo", as the pain rushes through you and finds your
wanting pussy.  Again and again the paddle strikes your
bottom until you have counted twenty five.  She finally
stops.  The tears run down your cheeks from underneath your
blindfold.  Each paddle struck your bottom in almost the
same spot, right at the sit spot.
	"Stand up child," the woman says sternly.  You do so
and she quickly removes your dress and then leads you to the
corner of the room.  "You will stand in this corner with
your reddened bottom on display until your daddy comes home
and warms it up again."  She presses you to the corner and
then leaves you. 
	As she walks away she tells you that if you touch
yourself she will thrash you soundly with a strap.  You so
want to touch your pussy and bring yourself to orgasm.  You
are wanting and the craving inside is almost overpowering. 
You somehow manage to restrain yourself and stand there
shifting your feet back and forth.  It seems like forever.
	Finally the front door opens and you hear someone come
through the door.  "Hi hon, I'm home, I brought Uncle Joe
with me."  Your captor says.
	"Hi hon, hi Joe.  Hon we have a problem.  Seems our
little girl has been very naughty in school.  Here is her
report card." the woman says.
	"Have you punished her for this?", your captor says
after a long silence.
	"Yes hon, I spanked her, but I think she deserves much
more than just that.  I told her she would be spanked by you
also when you got home.  Since you brought Joe with you,
perhaps he should spank her also."
	You are listening carefully to this conversation.  You
are so excited you can hardly contain yourself.  You can
feel your hips thrust forward then back.  You never dreamed,
before this weekend, that a spanking could turn you on so
much and yet you are so excited your entire body is
electrified.
	"Well that sounds good to me.  Where is this naughty
little girl?"
	"She is standing in the corner in the living room,
waiting for her daddy's hand."
	"Come on Uncle Joe, let's take care of this
disobedient, naughty girl."
	You hear them walk up behind you.  A firm hand reaches
out and touches your burning ass cheeks, then squeezes them
determinedly.
	"So, little girl," you hear your captor say, "you've
not been a very good little girl have you?"
	"No daddy," squeaks from your mouth.  You feel timid
now and in the total control of your captors.  You shift
your weight slightly in anticipation of what is to come.
	"Stand still," you hear your other captor say, then
slap at your bottom with his opened hand.
	"Well daddy is going to blister your bottom, then Uncle
Joe will do the same.  Come here now, and lay over my knee."
	You are pulled from the corner, led across the room
then slowly pulled over your captor's knees.  He slides his
fingers over your sore bottom then orders you to spread your

legs open.  You do quickly, wanting to feel him inside you. 
His fingers move through your slit and linger on your opened
pussy, then slowly moves to your clit and rubs it, bringing
you ever so close to orgasm.  When you squirm on his lap he
stops rubbing your clit then lets you lay there for a
moment.
	"Tell daddy now little girl, have you been naughty and
rude?"
	"Yes daddy," you respond.
	He slaps your bare buttocks with his hand, "Say it then
you naughty little girl."
	You have trouble getting the words out of your mouth,
but finally you hear yourself say, "I've been very naughty
and rude daddy, and deserve to be disciplined."
	"Good, then we all agree on this point little girl."
	He positions you a little differently on his lap now. 
Your pussy pressing into his knee.  He wiggles his knee
around a bit to grind it into your wanting pussy.
	"I think the short leather strap will do the job nicely
here.  Would you give me that leather strap mommy?" You hear
your captor say.  The anticipation now is beyond you.  Your
heart is pounding hard and fast and you can feel your
stomach muscles twitching and contracting with the
excitement flowing through you.  You decide to add to this
little play and suddenly blurt out, "Please daddy no, please
daddy I won't do it again."
	"No," your captor says harshly, "you said that the last
time and you didn't obey.  You deserve a spanking and you
will be getting it."
	You can feel his manhood pressing into your stomach
now.  This is exciting him as much as you.  Suddenly you
feel the thrash of the strap hit your still hot ass.  Again
and again it whacks at your tender bottom.  Before you
comprehend the full force of his blows your body jerks and
shakes with a mind blowing orgasm.  He does not stop while
you go through this but instead strikes at your tender
bottom harder and harder.  Again you are brought to the
highest point when the spanking stops and your captor
presses his fingers deep into your soaking pussy.  You shake
again with orgasm.  He holds you firmly on his knees waiting
for you to calm down.  When you do, he helps you up to stand
before him.
	"Now your Uncle will spank you also.  Are you ready
little girl?"
	"Yes daddy," you say with some restraint, because your
bottom burns from the punishment you have received so far. 
"I'm ready for Uncle Joe to spank me."
	"Good, then Joe, how would you like her?"
	"I want her on the floor, with her legs spread wide and
her head down on the floor and her bottom up in the air."
	"You heard him little girl, now get down there."
	Slowly you feel your way to the floor and take the pose
he described.  His fingers slide in and out of your wet,
dripping pussy now, as he moves behind you.  He dips his
fingers deep into you then pulls them out and presses them
into your wrinkled puckered hole.  Your ass wiggles around
in the air as he thrusts in and out of you.  You feel
someone at your side, their fingers reach for your hanging
breasts and begin to play with your nipples.  Slowly the
fingers tease the nipples to become hard and firm.  As the
first opened hand smack comes down on your ass the fingers
on your nipples pinches hard then pulls the nipples out from
your breast.  Again and again this action takes place until
you collapse on the floor, your body jerking and quivering
with orgasm.  You don't want it to stop, but you are so
tired you can hardly bring yourself back to your kneeling
position.  Somehow you do and the spanking continues, as
does the pinching of your nipples.  Finally you are placed
on your side.  You feel a hard cock enter your ass then
another one enter your pussy.  Both pumping in and out of
you quickly.  You feel the heat from a pussy being pressed
to your face and your tongue slides from your mouth and
presses deep into the wet pussy.  You lick and nibble at the
clit then thrust your tongue deep into your female captor's
hot love tunnel.  You are filled in all orifices now and
have never felt so fulfilled either.  
	The hard penis in your ass suddenly thrusts forward,
pushing the one in your pussy deeper inside you, then you
feel the cream of his penis flood your bottom.  Within a few
moments the one in your pussy shots its cream deep within
you.  Your tongue continues to work on the pussy pressed to
your mouth until you feel the juices flow from it and the
woman's body shake, then jerk then her juices flood your
mouth.  You all lay there in a heap for several minutes.  No
one says anything, nor do they move. 
	You are used over and over throughout the day. 
Periodically someone spanks you or pinches your nipples
making you cry out.  The woman takes a birch stick and ties
you down and gives you a sound pussy whipping.  You have had
so many orgasm since Friday night and your initial capture
you can't imagine how many.  Finally you are given a bathe
by the woman and a hot oil massage is given to your tired,
sore body.  Someone dresses you in the clothes they took off
you in the van and you are taken from the house and driven
back to your home.  You are escorted into the foyer and
someone tells you not to remove your blindfold for at least
one minute and then shoves a note into your hand.
	You wait a full minute, perhaps even longer then slowly
remove the blindfold you have worn for nearly three days. 
You give yourself a chance to adjust to the light your
captors have left on in the other room off the foyer.  When
you begin to focus again you slowly walk to the living room
and sit down on the sofa.  Your ass cheeks touch the couch
and the pain whirls through your body from the spankings and
harsh treatment they have received over the last few days. 
You notice, though, your pussy responds immediately to the
pressure on your tender ass cheeks.  You look down an find
the note that was pressed into your hand and open it.  It is
a simple typed note that says, 'We'll be back again to get
you next month sometime, be ready.'  Your hand moves to your
panty clad pussy and slowly begin to rub your clit through
the panties.  You lean back, squeezing your ass cheeks
tightly together causing another flush of pain to rush
through you and wonder what will happen next month when they
come for you.  You bring yourself to orgasm as you reflect
on all the sensations your body has felt in the last three
days.  You'll be ready, you say to yourself, ready and
waiting for them next month, ready to be taken to the
heights of ecstasy.
end




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ca.H.(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





