BDSM Library - The Fox and the Hound




The Fox and the Hound
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The slaves were trained by their masters and mistresses, and they put on a good show for their guests.
The Fox and the Hound




The Fox and the Hound
Part 1

COLIN COULDN'T TAKE HIS EYES OFF HER. She squirmed in her bondage, helpless,
trapped. He didn't know what colour her hair or eyes, for a latex hood covered
her head like a black, shiny glove. She could only make mewling sounds, for a
bright red rubber ball - he imagined it was the colour of her luscious lips -
filled her mouth.

He watched as a bead of sweat trickled down from beneath the rubber garment
across her exposed breast. Fear and desire were bringing her body to a fever
pitch beneath the shiny latex.

He wondered what she would taste like. He wanted to flick that little bead of
sweat with his tongue, taste its salty wetness against the hot smoothness of her
porcelain skin.

She wriggled again. He wondered: was it a desire to escape that made her move
about so, or was it something else? Her bondage was certainly imaginative. She
had been placed in the stocks, but not in the usual fashion. Whoever had
designed the device had been thinking creatively. In addition to the usual
openings, large rings were imbedded in the frame, enabling the stocks to be used
in a variety of ways. She had been placed face out, her arms over the stocks,
with her wrists pulled through the appropriate holes in the unforgiving wood
frame, and chained there. She was contorted, her nubile frame bent slightly
backward, facing the room, totally open, unable to resist.

He let his gaze roam down her body, admiring the way she was dressed. Arms
sheathed in opera length latex gloves. A tight, tight rubber top, with holes for
her breasts to be exposed and played with. A broad leather collar to keep her
head erect.

He thought she was a vision in rubber. Her legs looked extra long and smooth in
the second skin of shiny latex. He wanted to run his tongue and hands up and
down their sleek length, and lovingly caress the furry region between them. The
leg stocks kept her legs wide apart. Fiendishly, a long pole extended upward
from the middle of the bar. A penis shaped device attached to the end of the
pole was pressed against her, its hard plastic tip just barely penetrating her
crease - enough to tantalize and torment, but not nearly enough to satisfy. He
wondered if the tip brushed her clit when she moved - that would certainly
explain why she wriggled so much!

She was an angel, a dream in bondage. If only he could touch her, caress her,
kiss her, taste her, fuck her! He could fell the heat in his groin as he watched
her, the familiar swelling as the blood rushed once more into the cock that used
to be his, but which now belonged to someone else.

He too, was bound, helpless, unable to move. Colin was more naked than the girl
was, for he wore only a neck collar, a gag, and, almost perversely he thought,
latex stockings. Unlike the girl, only a few short, tempting feet away, he was
not blindfolded.

His bondage was not as stressful as hers: he was a prisoner of the Mistress'
bondage chair. Arms outstretched and strapped tightly to the wooden T bar. His
legs, like hers, spread far apart, ankles cuffed to the chair legs and broad
leather straps above his knees. His cock and balls dangled between his splayed
legs for all the world to see. His genitals were bound, too - small leather
straps around his balls, pulling them down from their nesting place at the root
of his cock, a strategically placed strap separating them, increasing their
sensitivity. His cock was imprisoned from root to just below its purple head in
a long leather sheath.

The girl moaned in fear at the sound of the dungeon door opening.

"Well my pets," purred the woman, "it's almost show time. And I'm sure you'll
put on a very interesting show."

The Mistress walked across the room to where the girl stood helpless. Mistress
was wearing her Catwoman domina outfit - a skin tight, shiny black latex catsuit
that fit as if it were sprayed on. Her muscles literally rippled as she moved,
causing many a man's - and woman's - mouth to water. He had seen this persona
before, and trembled in anticipation. He knew there were cleverly placed hidden
fasteners which allow Mistress to expose any of her body parts she wanted her
slaves to worship. He also knew that when she wore this outfit, she was in a
particularly feisty and demanding mood.

With her bright red lacquered nails, Mistress gingerly caressed the girl's
breast. The girl gasped in pleasure at the unseen touch. Looking back at her
male slave, Mistress touched the bead of sweat where it clung to the girl's hard
nipple. As if she could read his mind, Mistress flicked it to her fingertip, and
dropped it on her tongue.

"Mmmm, you'd like to lick the sweat off her, wouldn't you?" she smiled at the
male. "Maybe you'll get that chance," she said coyly, slowly bending toward the
girl. "And maybe you won't".

The girl moaned again as Mistress took her nipple in her mouth and sucked on it
greedily. She ran her hot red tongue around the pink aureole, her hand squeezing
the tender flesh, making the nipple swell.

The Mistress laughed as she raised her head. She leaned forward, and traced the
girl's lips with her tongue, wringing another moan from behind the rubber ball.

"Soon, we'll have that out of your mouth, Nevada my darling," Mistress soothed,
one hand caressing the girl's rubber covered head, the other roaming her rubber
clad body. "But we'll be filling it with other things!" She laughed.

Colin's heartbeat skipped as Mistress turned her gaze to him. She swayed the few
steps to stand before him, hands on her luscious hips. She filled his vision,
blotting out all else, even the girl who was his fellow sufferer to be. Mistress
slowly moved closer, insinuating herself into the space between his legs. Faster
and faster his heart pounded as she neared him. He could smell her perfume now,
and its scent intoxicated him. She closed the distance between them, pressing
her rubber clad body against his. Her mound came to his face. He felt he would
gladly suffocate with his face pressed into her feminine core. As if from a
distance, he could hear Mistress tell the two slaves that there was something
special in store for them at tonight's gathering.

Suddenly, Mistress crouched down before him, her eyes level with his. She smiled
her wicked smile.

"Comfy, slave?" She whispered, gripping his balls in her cats paw. He threw his
head back. Laughing, she released his tender flesh. Instead, she ran her nails
down his chest.

"We'll be changing the way you are, too," she cooed. She leaned forward,
sticking her tongue in his ear, She nibbled on his lobe, then slowly,
delightfully, ran her tongue from his ear across his face. She leaned back, and
kissed her fingertip.

"Soon," she said, as she placed the kiss on his gagged mouth.

The dungeon door opened. A man, followed by two women, entered the room. He
walked, they crawled.

The man was wearing leather chaps and pouch. He held two leashes in his hand.
One chain led to the collar of each of the naked women who crawled behind him.
The procession headed over to where the female referred to as Nevada stood in
the stocks.

"Prepare her for the show," he ordered his two companions.

"Yes master," they replied in unison. Rising, they moved toward the helpless
woman. Swiftly Nevada's arms were released from the stocks, then cuffed behind
her. The Master beckoned to one of the women. The slave girl fell to her knees
before him, head bowed.

"She needs these," he said as he reached to gather the chain which dangled
between the slave girl's nipples. "We'll give you something else soon enough."

Tugging on the chain, he raised the slave girl to her feet. She gasped as he
unsnapped the two nipple clamps.

He dropped the metal into her hand, and then nodded in Nevada's direction. One
girl leaned and took the captive girl's nipple in her mouth. She sucked it hard.
With the speed of a snake, the second girl snapped the nipple clamp on the
swollen pink flesh. Wickedly, she let the chain drop from her hand. The captive
girl cried out behind her gag.

The Master swatted his impudent slave on her ass, his hand leaving bright red
marks. The girl immediately dropped to her knees before him.

"You'll be punished for that," he growled. "Be careful you don't take her
place."

"Yes master," the girl whimpered. She kissed his feet, worming her way up his
leg. He pushed her away.

"Later," he stated flatly.

The second nipple was quickly clamped. Nevada mewled at the pleasurable pain
firing through her chest.

Mistress stroked Nevada where the dildo prod met her furry crease.

"She's very wet," said Mistress. She thrust her fingers in the direction of one
of the two girls, who promtply and eagerly licked the Mistress's hand. "Release
her."

The girl who had dropped the nipple chain moved to the dildo prod. Undoing it,
she slid it up into the helpless captive, making Nevada gasp. The girl then
pulled the dildo down its supporting rod.

The Master and Mistress exchanged glances as they watched the impudence of the
already cautioned slave.

The leg stocks were unlocked. Pulling on the nipple chain, Mistress commanded
Nevada to move forward. She snapped a leash on the girl's collar, and placed the
other end in the mouth of the slave girl who stood quietly by.

"Take her to the hall and get her ready."

The lead in her mouth, the slave girl turned and led the still blindfolded
Nevada out of the dungeon room.

The Master and Mistress turned their attention to the other slave girl, who also
stood quiet.

"Knees," the Master commanded. The girl dropped, eyes downcast. "You have been
bad, traci. You deserve punishment, right?"

"Yes Master," the slave named traci whispered.

"Then punishment is what you will receive," he said. He grasped traci's wrists
and pulled them behind her back. He pulled a leather glove from the wall, and
slid it over her hands, buckling them together at the wrist. He pulled a leather
armbinder from a shelf, and passed it over her arms. Pulled it tight, forcing
her elbows together, crisscrossing the straps between her breasts.

"Back."

traci lay on the floor. He kicked her legs apart, and locked a spreader bar to
her ankle cuffs. Grabbing the centre of the bar, he pulled her legs up in the
air. A hook dangled from a hoist; he snapped it to the ring in the centre of the
bar. He pulled on a rope and traci was drawn into the air in a flash.

"Think about your punishment while we enjoy the show," he said to her. He turned
to the Mistress. "Shall we get him ready and join the others?"

Mistress smiled as she looked over at Colin.

"It will be a pleasure," she said.

Colin shuddered, for he knew it was his turn next. But what was to come?

Continued -->>>




The Fox and the Hound
Part 2

NEVADA WAS PULLED ALONG BEHIND A LEASH. She had no idea where she was going, or
what was to take place. She knew when she had submitted to her master's idea
that they attend a slave social, she was placing her entire being in someone
else's control. It frightened her, it excited her.

The pull on the leash stopped. Hands grasped her shoulders. Nevada stood still,
unable to see, unable to speak. The tight rubber hood she wore muffled sound,
but she could hear. She gasped as unseen hands tugged on the chain attached to
her tender nipples. A woman laughed. A slap across her breast. Fire raced
through her breasts and chest. The chains made a jangling sound.

A touch on her naked buttocks. A second hand caressed her furry mons. She arched
her back in pleasure/fear. Nevada felt something being attached to her right
ankle. When she moved her foot ever so slightly, she felt the pull of a chain.
She waited for the process to be repeated on her other leg, but nothing
happened.

Strong hands grasped each of her wrists, holding her captive. She felt a strap
being attached to a ring in the back of the collar she wore. One at a time, her
arms were bent at the elbow, the wrist cuffs locked to the strap. The bondage
position made her back arch, causing her to thrust her breasts forward through
the holes in the rubber garment she wore. She could feel the sweat running
beneath it. Was it from the heat? Was it anticipation? Or something darker
still?

Hands on her shoulders forced Nevada to her knees. The ballgag was unfastened -
she flexed her jaws in relief. To her surprise, the rubber hood encasing her
head was unfastened and removed. Her long red hair cascaded down past her
shoulders. Nevada blinked in the sudden brightness - she had been blindfolded
for what seemed to her to be hours. She kept her gaze downcast - she knew that
for a slave to look on a master or mistress without permission was a serious
error, and she had enough to worry about.

The Mistress walked across the room to where the girl stood helpless. A skin
tight, shiny black latex catsuit that looked like it was sprayed on caressed
every inch of the Mistress's well shaped body. She moved like a sleek and
predatory jungle cat, silently, every muscle rippling with eagerness for the
hunt.

She let her gaze roam down the slave girl's body, admiring the way she had been
prepared. Arms sheathed in opera length latex bondage mitts. A tight, tight
rubber top, with holes for her breasts to be exposed and played with. A broad
leather collar to keep her head erect. Nevada's legs looked extra long and
smooth in the second skin of shiny latex stockings. Mistress Renee licked her
lips in pleasurable anticipation.

Even with her eyes lowered, Nevada could not help but see the long, shapely legs
of a mistress. She could see other pairs of feet and legs near her, some
barefoot, some in stockings and heels or leather boots. She didn't say a word as
hands entwined themselves in her flame coloured hair, and jerked her head back.
Nevada looked up into the gaze of the mistress who was in charge of her.

"Well, pretty little slave," came the woman's voice. "You're going to put on a
show for us. We know we're going to enjoy it, but you know what?" The woman's
voice took on a darker tone. "We don't care if you do!!" purred the silky
feminine voice.

"Yes Mistress," Nevada demurely replied. The woman planted a hard kiss on
Nevada's mouth. A hot tongue insinuated itself between her red lips, prying open
her teeth and sweeping through the now open cavern. As suddenly as it began, the
kiss was broken off.

"Thank you, Mistress," Nevada stammered, a hot blush sweeping her face. The
mistress laughed at Nevada's confusion. Keeping her hands entwined in Nevada's
hair, the dominatrix gestured in the direction of a nearby slave who was
obviously awaiting a command. The girl crept forward, offering the Mistress a
jumble of leather straps.

"You will wear this for our pleasure," dictated the mistress. Expertly she began
buckling straps in place - in a flash Nevada was gagged once more, only this
time a round plastic tube kept her mouth open. Smiling, the mistress slithered a
finger into the gaping hole. "Mmmm, this will be fun. I sure hope you like the
taste of cock, little slave!"





FROM WHERE HE SAT, tied to the bondage chair, Colin could see the impudent
female slave, suspended upside down with her legs wide apart, her sex exposed
for all the world to see. A man, the one who had been in the room before with
Mistress Renee, entered the room. The master crossed the room, oblivious to
Colin, and stood before the female. He ran his hands up her legs from her thigh
to her ankles, then slowly back down again. She squirmed in her suspension at
his touch.

"You're the hot one, aren't you!" he laughed. He ran his fingers through her
muff, wringing a moan from the girl. Laughing, he began to slap her female core,
not hard, but in a steady rhythm. She began to move in response to his touch.
After more than a dozen slaps, he reached behind her and gave her ass a
resounding smack! traci jerked in her bondage, and he began beating out a rhythm
on her splayed slit once more. Every so often he would deliver a stinging slap
to her thighs, her ass, her breasts, but always he would return to his steady
ministrations. The girl began to buck as he masturbated her.

"Not so fast!" he said. He pressed his body against hers, wrapping his arms
around her legs, stopping her movement. traci cried out in pleasure as he
suddenly buried his face in her exposed sex. His head bobbed and circled as he
tongued her, drawing gasps and cries from the suspended slave.

"Please master, let me come!" she begged.

"Not yet, little slut!" he laughed. Carefully so as to keep her from falling, he
lowered her to the ground. traci lay still as he detached the spreader bar. He
drew her to her feet by her collar. "You're to be punished for your impudence."
He hooked a leash to her collar. Bending down, he fastened a short hobble chain
to her ankle cuffs - she could walk, but only with tiny, mincing steps. "You're
to be put on display," he said. He tugged on the leash and began to walk to the
door. "Now, heel!"

traci was led down a hallway to another door. The girl was not surprised to see
the people in the party room - after all, her master had brought her there to
assist in the party and festivities. But several things had changed while she
was suspended in the "green room", as the dominants had called it. The slave
girl she had treated so impudently was tethered to a ring in the floor. A male
slave knelt worshipping at a dom's boots, his upraised butt serving as a table
for drinks. He was very careful not to spill! Other tops indulged in various
amusements with bottoms, or just ignored them altogether and chatted among
themselves.

traci noticed one of the mistresses watching her, so she immediately cast her
glance downward. Master was leading her to a corner of the room. She
concentrated on following him - she did not want to stumble and fall, not with
her arms still in the leather sheath! He stopped before a raised platform. She
could see what looked like a motor resting on a table at one end of the
platform, but she could not see what else was there.

traci stood still as he turned to face her. Again, he pressed his body tight
against hers. She felt his chest hairs against her nipples. His hard cock bulged
beneath the leather pouch he wore; she could feel its solidity pressing against
her naked flesh. He put his arms around her, and grasped the wrist strap to the
arm sheath. He stepped back, raising the sheath, forcing her to bend at the
waist. Stretching forward, she gave his chest a tentative lick, tasting his hair
against her tongue.

"Is he going to suspend me like this?" she thought. Her master had suspended her
in this position many times. traci well understood the stresses it placed on the
leg muscles, not to mention the shoulders. She almost creamed as she remembered
the feel of her master's cock, sliding in and out of her from behind while the
position rendered her helpless.

The master released his grip. traci remained as she was, bending at the waist,
arms in the air. His swollen cock sprang free as he unsnapped the leather pouch.
She dared a glance at his face, as she felt the hands grab her head. traci
opened her mouth, impaling herself on his hard meat. Slowly, as she had been
trained to do, she slid her mouth up and down his shaft. She licked the purple
head with her tongue, leaving a glistening trail of saliva behind. The hands
pushed her head down once more, holding her there. traci felt his cock thrust to
the back of her throat, causing her to gag.

Suddenly, to her surprise, traci felt several pairs of hands on her body,
lifting her from the ground. The master she was sucking stepped back, releasing
himself from her mouth. She could feel herself being picked up bodily. Hands
kept her legs apart while she was carried over to the platform. Now she could
see the small bench at the centre of the platform. It was narrow, padded
leather. traci felt the cold leather against her belly, her breasts hanging free
as she was made to lie face down on the bench. The leather bench was very small
and narrow, and only just supported her weight. Her ankles were released from
the hobble chain, only to have strong hands pull them wide apart. Chains
attached to rings in the side of the platform kept her legs widely spread, so
much so that her feet did not touch the wooden platform.

Hands pulled her head back - traci opened her mouth as something hard was
pressed against it. She could see it was a woman who was gagging her. From the
feel of her mouth, she knew the gag was identical to the one the red haired
slave wore, a gag designed to keep her mouth open and available for use by any
one. Swiftly a blindfold was pulled over her eyes. She was beginning to
understand what the master had meant when he said she was to be put on display!

Hands supported her shoulders. traci felt the leather arm sheath being
unbuckled, releasing her arms. Instinctively she lowered her hands to touch the
surface of the platform, trying to help support her weight. She felt a bar being
attached to her wrist cuffs, imprisoning her arms, She heard a lock being
snapped shut - when she tried to raise her arms, they moved only about an inch -
the bar had been secured to the platform! Now she was truly helpless.

traci lowered her head.

"We'll have none of that, slut!" came a woman's imperious voice. A hand entwined
her hair once more, raising her head up. traci felt something hard being placed
beneath her chin. "This will keep that mouth of yours in just the right
position," said the unseen mistress. The slave girl tried, but she could no
longer lower her head. She felt a finger intrude in her mouth,a foreshadowing of
what was yet to come.

The first blow of the whip across her buttocks made her jump. The pain raced
like wildfire through her as she was whipped. The blows landed on her ass,
against the backs of her thighs. Six, ten, twenty strokes. traci moaned as hands
rubbed and kneaded her burning cheeks. The sudden striking of a riding crop in
the tender valley between her cheeks made her cry out.

Some one said, "Now it's time to warm you up."

The flogging was methodical, purposeful. traci winced and shuddered as the
cat-o-nine tails was used on various parts of her exposed body. The blows were
not hard enough to mark, but delivered with enough impact to bring the blood to
the top of the skin, making traci's whole body feel as if it were on fire.

"Oh slave, you should see how your body is heating up," said the mistress. "Such
lovely red stripes! And so many of them!"

The rhythm of the blows changed, from soft, almost loving to harsh thwacks, then
to soft again. Some times two or three fell rapidly, then there would be a
steady rhythm of four or five, each spaced a second or two apart.

"Bring me another whip," demanded the mistress.

The rhythm of the whipping changed again as the mistress used two cats, raining
blows all over traci's splayed body. Hard, soft, rapidly in bunches, and then
one at a time. traci lost all count of how many times she was struck with the
whips. Clusters of fiery red blotches appeared on her inner thighs, her back,
across her breasts, her buttocks.

traci whimpered, her whole body and especially her ass and thighs, suffused with
a burning heat.

"The show is about to start," commanded a woman from somewhere behind traci.
"Prepare her, then go get the male."

The cool oil that dribbled between her ass cheeks felt wonderfully soothing. She
wriggled her bottom as a hand gently worked the oil around the tender flesh. The
slippery touch on her slit made traci gasp. A slickened finger invaded her
anally, making her squirm. A hand massaged and rubbed the oil into her female
core. traci reveled in the sensations. Then, as suddenly as it began, the hands
were withdrawn. traci lay there, panting, desperately wondering what was to
happen next, and then, after that?

traci winced at the bite of the nipple clamps. Her nipples were pinched and
stretched at the same time, as weights were added to the clamps. Her breath was
sucked in hard as the weights were made to spin, the motion sending rockets of
painful pleasure through her already burning breasts.

Fingers rubbed her labia, parting the tender flesh, exposing her opening. traci
felt pressure against her slit, something large and hard. Instinctively, she
moved toward the object, the motion making the nipple weights swung in a
pendulum motion. The object plunged into her, filling her inner core. She was
almost overwhelmed by the fullness of the object inside her. She wanted it to
move, to fuck her hard, to bring her to the release she enjoyed so much. She
squeezed her muscles, and rotated her hips as much as her bonds would allow her.
Frustration grew as she realized that she was stretched out so wickedly she
could hardly move.

The mistress watching slashed at traci's ass with her whip. traci jumped and
cried out at the sudden pain.

"You'll have plenty of time for that, you hot little slut!" sneered the
mistress. "As you will soon find out!"

traci heard a humming noise. Suddenly, the dildo began to move. The hard plastic
cock invading her, was pulled back, then plunged into her again, just as if it
were a man fucking her. The in-out motion continued, the artificial cock pumping
in and out, in and out, the rhythm of strokes steady and without rest or mercy.
She realized the humming noise was the sound of a motor - the cock was
mechanized!

The mistress patted traci's ass cheeks, adding to the captive girl's sensations.
traci squirmed as something was slipped into her anus. Then, a second small
object, and a third - she realized she was to be filled with anal beads, too.



MISTRESS RENEE TUCKED THE SLAVEGIRL NEVADA under the chin with her riding crop.
Obediently the girl raised her head, but not her eyes.

"Good girl," purred Mistress Renee. "Remember the impudent slave in our 'Green
Room'? Look and see what she is going through." She steered the slave's head
toward a corner of the room. "Aren't you glad you're not in her place?"

Nevada stared at the tableau unfolding in the corner of the room. traci was
stretched and spreadeagled, held almost immovable by a cunning arrangement of
straps and fetters. She was being used three ways at once. Her chin supported by
a head rest, a master was making the most of her mouth, sliding his swollen cock
in and out as a gag held her jaws wide open. Nevada knew she wore the same type
of gag, and a delicious tremor of anticipation shuddered down her spine.

She saw traci's hips pump and grind as she was mercilessly fucked by a dildo
attached to a rod. Nevada's eyes grew wider as she realized that the dildo was
connected to by the rod to a small motorized pump - traci would have no respite
until someone turned the motor off.

A mistress dressed in leather was slowly removing anal beads from traci's ass.
Each time she pulled a bead out, she smacked the girl's ass with a rubber whip.
Every time traci jerked in reaction to the whip, the man fucking her mouth would
moan in pleasure.

"I wonder how long she'll be able to stand that," mused Mistress Renee. Reaching
down, she stroked Nevada's breast. "Or how long you could take that treatment,
hmmm?"

Nevada watched as the Mistress who had been whipping traci rested the whip on
the girl's back. Stopping the motor, the mistress attached some wires leading
from a small black box to a raised portion on the dildo, most of which was still
penetrating the slavegirl. Satisfied she had the connections right, the Mistress
picked up the black box and restarted the motor.

"Well, this will be interesting," mused Mistress Renee. "Slave traci's about to
get a new surprise. A shocking surprise, if you will." Mistress laughed.

The dildo resumed pumping in and out of traci. Holding the box with one hand,
the mistress turned a dial. traci moaned into the cock filling her mouth. Her
hips bucked wildly.

"You see, slave," Mistress Renee explained, "it's not just motorized, but every
time the knobs on the plastic cock touch her labia or clit, she gets a mild
shock. Not enough to hurt her, at least, not yet - the mistress can increase the
voltage", she mused.

Nevada watched as the girl writhed in her bondage, helpless and tormented.

The mistress turned Nevada's head to face her own gaze.

"Maybe I'll let you experience that later," she said menacingly. "What do you
think, hmmm?"

Nevada's eyes widened in fear.

Mistress Renee laughed. "Don't worry, I have something quite amusing in mind for
you." She saw two slaves lead a bound male into the room. She clapped her hands,
and announced, "Come everybody, it's time for the fox and the hound!" She turned
to Nevada with an evil grin. "And you're the fox the hound must catch!"

CONTINUED-->>>




The Fox and the Hound
Part 3

TWO SLAVES DRAGGED COLIN INTO THE ROOM. They stopped where instructed by one of
the Mistresses. His bondage had changed in preparation for his role in"the
game." He now wore a tight rubber hood, blocking his sight. His mouth was still
gagged, but with a cunningly designed dual-purpose gag. His mouth was filled
with a rubber ball, while a slender black latex dildo protruded outward. Elbows
bent, his wrists were chained at his waist, attached to a tightly cinched
leather belt. He could move his hands slightly in all directions. A strap hung
down from the front of the belt, its purpose obvious to all but the blindfolded
Colin.

The Mistress took his leash in her hand, and pulled Colin down to his knees.
Because of his bondage, he had to rest his head on the floor. Reaching between
his legs, the Mistress grabbed the leather strap, and pulled it toward her.
Expertly, she slipped the metal cock ring around his genitals. She pulled on the
strap, eliciting a grunt from the man kneeling before her.

Colin gasped as the Mistress plunged the butt plug into his hole. She pulled the
strap tight, forcing the hard plastic deep inside him, then cinched the strap.
Grasping the hairy "tail" which protruded from the butt plus, she wiggled it
around, making Colin moan at the most delightful sensations.

Mistress Renee smiled at the crowd of onlookers as she connected two wires, one
black and one red, to a small box on the back of the leather belt around Colin's
waist. Stepping back about ten paces, she held her hand high for all to see the
small pocket sized device she held. Deftly, she pushed a button on the device.

Immediately, a red light glowed on the box attached to the slave's waist belt.
Still kneeling, his hips began to buck. A moan of intense pleasure could be
heard by all around. Mistress Renee smiled.

"Just a little toy," she explained to the crowd with a wicked grin. "It's a
remote controlled electrical toy. When I turn this switch, the butt plug inside
him begins to pulse. But if I turn this switch ..." She turned the rheostat at
the top of the box.

The audience oohed and aahed as Colin suddenly raised himself up on his hands,
his back arching, his pelvis thrusting, his cock suddenly engorged and a vibrant
purple.

"... our hound receives on his cock and balls, a small electrical shock
guaranteed to drive a slave wild."

The dominants in the room hooted and applauded at this unexpected show. The
assembled slaves trembled in fear and delight that their Tops might invest in
such a toy.

Colin collapsed in a heap, his chest heaving, as Mistress Renee turned off the
device. She looked over toward Nevada and gestured with her latex covered hand.

Nevada was raised to her feet. The chain around her ankle jangled as she stood.

Mistress Renee smiled.

"As you know, Mistresses and Masters, we're about to watch two slaves play Fox
and Hound." A round of applause. "First, the hound. A strong male, with great
equipment," She gestured at Colin, stroking his body. He shivered in pleasure.
"Then there's our fox." She stroked Nevada's breasts. "A comely creature, our
fox, don't you think?" Mistress Renee hand trailed sensually down Nevada's body,
making the girl wriggle at the touch. The Mistress' hand stopped when it reached
the fur between the girl's legs. Nevada threw her head back as fingers stroked
her clit and hot slit.

The crowd applauded, eager for the show to begin.

"Some basic rules, Mistresses and Masters," continued Mistress Renee. "Some of
you have won the pleasure of joining in our fox hunt - remember, you can
encourage the hound by whipping him, but the fox is not to be beaten." She
smiled wickedly at Nevada. "Not yet, that is." She continued, "if the hound can
catch the fox, he can have her, after which she will be punished. If he can't
catch her, then he will be punished. As you can see, just as in a real fox hunt,
the fox can see the hounds, but the hound cannot see the fox.. He must hunt by
his sense of smell."

Mistress Renee withdrew her hand from between Nevada's legs. She smeared the
girl's juices under Colin's nose. The crowd laughed.

"And now, let the hunt begin!" Mistress Renee stepped back, leaving the two
slaves, the fox and the hound, in the centre of the room. The gathering formed a
circle around the perimeter, Dominants stroking their slaves as they waited for
the "hunt" to begin in earnest.

Colin, the "hound", blindfolded, a furry tail hanging from his hindquarters, a
black plastic dildo for a snout, flexed his arms and discovered he would be able
to grab the girl - if he can find her.

One of the mistresses leaned forward. ""Come on, you lazy hound! Get the fox!"
she cried as she and lashed out with her whip. The long sinewy leather struck
her target across his left buttock. He jumped forward, instinctively to his
left. Nevada the fox, eyes wide with the realization that even in his bondage
the male slave could still grab and hold her, moved away from him. The chain
tethering her jangled against the floor.

Disoriented in his blindness, the hound literally danced as he was urged on by
slaps and lashes. He twisted and turned, trying desperately to hunt and to get
out of the way of the unseen whips. inexorably, guided sometimes in the right
direction, sometimes not, he advanced toward the fox.

Nevada backed away from him, stopping, then shifting her weight from moved from
side to side, uncertain of which way to go, sensing that inevitably there was no
escape. She stepped back as if to flee, and found herself in the grip of one of
the spectators. The Master pinched her nipple, than smacked her on the ass.
Nevada jumped forward, almost into the reach of the hound. The crowd cheered.
Wielding their whips, the hunters urged the hound closer to her.

Colin stumbled as he reached blindly for the girl-fox. He heard her squeal as
his hand slid off slick rubber. He started with the realization that he was
hunting the red-haired slave he had so desired! Lust urged him on.

The assembled Masters and Mistresses reveled as the game of fox and hound
progressed. Nevada barely escaped capture on several occasions, twisting and
turning out of harm's way.

Then the hound stepped on her tether. She was trapped! The onlookers roared
their pleasure, anticipating "the kill".

Suddenly the hound dropped down on all fours, thoughts of his prey forgotten as
a pulse of electricity roared through his captive member. Mistress Renee turned
to the crowd, smiling, holding the remote control on high.

Nevada pulled with her ankle, freeing herself from her predicament. Quickly she
moved as far away as possible from where the hound knelt. Her eyes were wide at
the sight of his engorged cock. She felt her juices flow to her innermost
feminine core, as thoughts of being impaled on his throbbing pink and purple
flesh came unbidden to her mind. A small drool of saliva escaped out of her
mouth.

A mistress slashed at the kneeling hound, urging him to get up and get on with
the hunt. Blindfolded and bound, he struggled to his feet and began wandering to
and fro. He grasped a slave girl who was at the edge of the crowd, pulling her
to his chest. The watching Masters and Mistresses hooted and catcalled, as
Mistress Renee took charge of her hound.

"Not that one, you stupid dog!" she growled. Using her whip, she slashed at the
hound's thighs and buttocks until he was turned in the right direction. "Now,
get the fox!" she demanded.

Colin moved forward, grabbing at air. Nevada sidled sideways, eyes always on the
slowly advancing male. Then he tripped over the tether chain that attached to
Nevada's ankle.

The hound stopped cold in his tracks.

Nevada dashed sideways, kicking with her foot, trying to get the tether chain
out of the hound's reach.

Laughter shook the room as the hound tried to stomp on the chain, only to miss
each time. The hunters used their whips artfully, causing him to jump and dance,
adding to the spectacle. Nevada moved faster, trying to keep from being pinned
down.

Suddenly, she could not move her leg. She was caught! He stood firmly on the
tethering chain, reaching for her in his darkness. Inexorably, he advanced.
Nevada felt his hand graze her arm. She turned to see where he was, and found
herself almost in his embrace. She twisted around, trying to pull away.

Too late! A strong hand grabbed her arm, pulling her backward. She tried to
wriggle free, but felt herself pulled closer to him. Then both her arms were in
his grasp.

She felt his heat as he pulled her close, his chest against her back. His
swollen cock pushed against her buttock. As she tried again to wriggle free, she
felt the hard meat slide into the crack of her ass. Instinctively, lustfully,
she pressed closer against him. A cheer from the crowd broke her lust-filled
reverie. Realization dawned on her - she was about to be fucked by this
stranger! Nevada started to wiggle free from his embrace.

Stepping on her tether, the hound tried to hold his squirming captive still. Her
writhing was driving him crazy with desire.

"Doggie style!" some wag in the audience shouted. Then everyone took up the cry.

Mistress Renee twisted the button on the remote. The hound released his prey,
falling to his knees. Recovering quickly, he grabbed the tether with his hands
and pulled.

Nevada went down. She looked into the eyes of her Master as she fell. He smiled
at her as the hound reeled her in.

Caught once more! The hound flipped her over on her stomach, gorgeous round
white globes raised in the air. crawling forward, he plunged himself inside her
hot wet core. Nevada screamed her pleasure and humiliation.

Her master moved forward from the crowd. He grasped her hair, and pulled her
face up. She saw his purple headed shaft approach her open mouth. Caught! And
now impaled! She moaned in pleasure and heat as the two cocks invaded her at the
same time.

The crowd applauded, as the hound pumped into the fox, his reward for good
performance, while she worshipped her Master. Mistress Renee smiled - for the
evening was just beginning!



--- the end---

Author's note: When I was writing this tale, I envisioned Nevada in my mind's
eye. Several months after completing this story, while laying out plotlines for
an erotic novel, I stumbled across my heroine personified:

Nevada




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





