BDSM Library - Horse Punishment




Horse Punishment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The girl who foolishly causes prize horse to break it's leg suffers a whipping by all the ranch hands.
                            HORSE PUNISHMENT




                            HORSE PUNISHMENT

While Mom and Dad and my brother and sister were in town I decided to go for a
ride on his new stallion. It was really fast so I decided to go to one of our
larger pastures so I could really let it out although I had been warned there
were gopher holes that could trip a horse.

As we were galloping the horse's foot went into a hole and it flipped forward
flinging me off its back to land hard on my back knocking the wind out of me.
When I could breathe again I went back to the horse and was shocked to find it
lying lifeless with a broken neck.

To my shame I didn't feel sorry for the poor horse but only could think of how
mad Dad would be. He had spanked me really hard just for little offenses I
couldn't imagine what he may do for this terrible thing.

One of our cowhands who saw me while fixing the fence came over to me to ask if
I was alright and when I said I was he said,

 "Girl you are in a lot of trouble. We were counting on that horse to improve
the herd and also sell sperm. Because of it's loss your Dad may have to lay off
some of us cowhands,"

That just increased my guilt. Dad had said our ranch was on the raggy edge and
needed all the income it could get.

I trudged back to the house and waited in the kitchen with my fear building
until they came home.

When I heard his car I ran out crying, to confess telling them it was not my
fault but just bad luck.

Dad got instant mad and yelled, "What in the Hell do you mean it wasn't your
fault! I didn't give you permission to ride that horse and you have been told
over and over to only walk the horses in that field because of the gopher holes.
You have hurt the entire family and even the cowhands. This is far too bad for a
simple spanking. I am going to think about it tonight and at noon tomorrow you
will get the worst punishment of your 19 years."

That was terrible. I would have all night to build up fear of what may happen to
me. My sister was no help saying that she hoped I was blistered and my little
brother was worse saying that he hoped this time i would be completely naked
instead of just pants down. I knew he would love that. The little pervert peeked
at me while i changed clothes or showered at every opportunity but Dad had never
done that before and I didn't think he might now. It scared me though when my
little brother said he was going to Dad to offer suggestions for my punishment.

I was so scared I went to bed early to avoid all the hateful looks of my family
but I couldn't sleep for hours.

I didn't wake up until about ten AM and dresseed in my thickest cotton panties
and jeans hoping that if he used a switch or quirt he may allow me to wear
clothes.

I went down to the kitchen where Mom was cooking a big pot of baked beans and
was making potato salad. Dad was at the table and told me to sit down as he had
decided on my punishment.

When I was seated He said sternly, "I have decided that since you have injured
everyone on the ranch they should all participate in your punishment. Your
brother reminded me you were bashful so I have decided you will be hung naked
from the crossbar in the corral and everyone will give you two lahes apiece with
the reins of the horse you killed."

I wailed,"Oh God no Daddy! Not naked! Those cowhands stare at me if i just wear
shorts. I can't take all those lashes. That will be 88 you have never hit me
over twenty!"

Dad just grinned at Mom and said, "It looks like I picked the perfect
punishment. She never complained this much about a spanking."

I appealed to mom crying, "Please Mom don't let him do this!"

She said, "Don't come crying to me. You know you desrve it and I have been
telling your Dad you don't seem to mind the spankings anymore."

That was true in a way. I hated the spankings but I did like the hug after to
let me know I had been forgiven and the tingle after that sometimes prompted me
to lock myself in my room to masturbate.

He explained the cooking by saying, "We are having the boys up for a little
barbecue before your punishment."

I could hardly believe they were going to make a party out of my ordeal!

I cried, "How can you do this! It will make it worse having those raunchy
cowhands telling me they will enjoy my punishment. I won't be hungry."

Dad said, "Oh you won't be eating. You will be on display."

At around eleven oclock Dad said, "It is time Allene."

I tried to be brave but I hung back when I saw the rope with padded horse
hobbles at the end hanging ominously from the crossbar over the entrance to

the corral. He dragged me the rest of the way easily since I am only 5'4" and
weigh a 105lbs next to his 6 feet and 200. He told me to undress and I blushed
to my toes as I took them off clumsily since I had never been naked outside
before and never in front of a man.

When I was naked he buckled the hobbles on my wrists. I noticed the new holes in
the leather to make them fit tight. He oulled my arms up to lift my

35D boobs and narrow my 22 inch waist then made it even worse by tying my legs
open to stakes he had put in the ground to keep me from clenching my legs
together to hide my sex.

He left me there sweating from the hot sun and my nevouseness.

A few minutes later the cowhands began arriving. They grabbed beers and then
came to me to fondle my private parts and talk about me as if I was just an
animal. In spite of the terrible embarrassment I found myself becoming excited
as their rough callused hands roamed over me and was proud that they said I was
beautiful. For some time I hung there as more and more cowboys came to fondle me
as my rotten little brother sat on the corral fence and giggled.

Just before noon Dad came to me and draped leather reins about an inch wide an
1/4 inch thick over my shoulders to lie on my nipples saying, "Since we have so
many people I have decided to save time. Two will hit you at once."

Fear returned as I knew the sensual feeling of the leather on my nipples would
soon turn to pain.

Mom came out holding a basket full of pieces of paper and said, "Okay guys. Pick
a number to see where you will be in the line."

The cowboys fell all over themselves scrambling to get their number. As they
picked numbers they sorted themselves out and i looked at what seemed to be an
endless line forming of the forty cowboys plus my family.

Finally one and two was picked and two cowboys got on each side of me.The one on
my right said breathlessly. "Should we hit her front too?"

Dad said, "Sure. If all these lashes just hit her butt she will end up bleeding.
Spread them around."

Slim had number one and gave me two across my butt cheeks. To my surprise there
was just a small sting not nearly as bad as Dad's paddle and I thought it may
not be as bad as I feared but then Dad said, "Shit Slim! She is here to be
punished not tickled!"

That emboldened the other cowboy and there was two sharp stings across the front
of my thighs to make me gasp.

My rotten little brother was third and got my front. He giggled as he hit across
both my nipples to see my boobs jump and then brought his second up from the
ground to hit across my labia to start a precedent. From then on nothing was
sacred and I became hysterical as they concentrated on my tender inner thighs,
my tight tummy, my boobs and my pussy causing me to shriek when the tip intered
my slit to rip at my clit until I was just a mass of pain reddened and sweating
profusely from the heat of the leather and my struggles. Toward the end I was so
exhausted I just quivered and groaned as the leather dug in. It seemed endless
but finally it was over and thankfully they took pity on my poor welted body and
began caressing salve on me which killed the residual pain in a few moments. To
my own amazement the caresses brought me to orgasm. I hoped they didn't notice.

                            end





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





