BDSM Library - Allene's Spanking




Allene's Spanking
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The girl caught in bikini by conservative parents is taken to woodshed for a whupping add boys watch through knotholes.
                  ALLENE'S SPANKING




                                       ALLENE'S SPANKING

	Damn! It just wasn't fair. I was now fifteen and blossomed fully
to my 35D boobies my little 22 inch waist and my round firm 34 inch
bottom. I had bought myself my first bikini although i knew Mom wouldn't
approve she always bought those dumb one piece suits with frilly little
skirts that are as sexy as dirt. I planned to get a headstart on my tan so
when the water warmed I would look good for the boys.
	Our nosy neighbor lady saw me out in the back yard and went to
tell Mom. Mom came boiling out to me and yelled, "I thought our neighbor
might be exaggerating when she said you were out here lying around almost
naked and exciting her boys but I see it is true. Get in the house you
little slut. When your Dad gets home he will teach you!"
	That really scared me because Dad used a nasty wide leather strap
that stung awful. First I argued that my suit was decent and all the
girl's wore them but that just seemed to make her madder and she yelled,
"You mean all the other sluts. Now get that off and put on some clothes."
	Then I tried to bargain. "Mom. Can't you just spank me with the
hairbrush. I promise I won't struggle this time." but she said, "No way. I
think your butt is getting used to the hairbrush. Last time you didn't even cry."
	That wasn't fair. I had fought back tears because I saw the nosy
neighbor boys peeking though the window giggling and didn't want to give
them the satisfaction of seeing me bawl. I told her that but it just made
her madder saying, You are lying to try to avoid a spanking. They are nice boys.
     That wasn't true. One night while I was lying on my bed massaging my
boobies because an older girl said it made them grow I looked over to the
window and saw four white eyes staring at me. I grabbed my cover to cover
up and they weren't even embarrassed about being caught peeping. I heard
them laughing and slapping each others backs as they walked away leaving
me blushing to my toes. Of course I couldn't tell Mom about it because she
would just think I was playing with myself.
 I still remembered when I was three or four and she caught me rubbing the
little nubbin at the top of my slit. She jerked me out of the tub and
spanked my poor wet bottom while screaming, "Naughty. Naughty girl! You
are not to touch your privates except to wash them!" My poor butt stung
for hours but I still do it when under my covers because it feels so good.
	I went to my room to take off the bikini and put on the new high
cut cotton Jockey underpants I got at the same time as my bikini and the
little uplift bra that gave me a lot of cleavage since it fit just below
my nipples. I put on jeans to provide some more padding and a t-shirt to
wait for Dad. It would be over an hour until he got home and my fear was
building up. I heard some yelling outside and looked over to the neighbors
to see a bunch of boys running around in the yard and Mr and Mrs Billings
sitting on the porch talking and laughing. I realized the bitch had told
the boys I was going to get a whupping and they had spread the word. It
was going to be terribly embarassing going to the woodshed with them all
watching knowing my bottom was about to be tortured. The really terrible
thought that came to my mind was that the woodshed had gobs of knot holes
in it and once i had seen an eye at the knothole. My only hope was that
the boys daren't peek with the Billing's parents out there.
	Dad finally came home and I cowered in our big chair to hear Mom
making it sound even worse. She was telling him I was just a little slut
that liked enticing the boys and needed a real lesson. He came in really
mad saying, "So you like to show off. I'll put a stop to that. Take off
the jeans and T-shirt. You can show off on the way to the worst whupping ever."
	I panicked! He had always hit on my jeans before and that was bad
enough. I couldn't imagine how bad it would be on the tiny cotton panties
that fit like a second skin. I cried, "Oh no Daddy! I don't have the
bikini on now just panties and bra! I'll be almost naked and there are
boys out there!"
	"From what I understand the bra and panties will cover you more
than that bikini. Don't argue get them off!"
	I sniffled as I took them off and as I stood in front of him his
eyes got big seeing how close to naked I was but he wasn't about to back
off and came over to grab my hand and drag me to the door.
	When we got outside the Billing's fence was lined with boys and
Mrs Billings, the bitch, yelled delightedly "She is going to get her butt
warmed good this time. The boys just stared awestruck as I stumbled along
the gravel diriveway only five or six feet from them. They didn't even
have the decency to just stare. One of them said, "Wow! Loook at her tits
and buns jiggle!" and another said, "Those buns will be jumping in a minute!"
	I had my eyes closed not wanting to see the staring eyes but that
just made me stumble more to make me jiggle.I heard someone yell, "Ow.
Stop pushing you are driving me through the fence!" Dad must have realized
this was getting out of hand so he hurried up causing more stumbles.
	Finally we were in the privacy of the toolshed but now my feeling 
of humiliation was replaced by fear as I saw the wide sawhorse I would be
bent over and the horrible strap hanging on the wall.
	Dad said, "I have never strapped you on your panties before and
you may try to get away so I am going to tie you."
	He took a couple of horse hobbles off the wall then bent me over
to buckle them arounf my wrists and to the wall to pull me out at about a
forty five degree angle. He said, "I have to do this. You have disgraced
the family. Try to be brave."
	I was already crying but sniffled, "I'll try. How many spanks do i
have to get?"
	"I think twenty will be alright."
	"Oh no! I have never had more than ten. That is twice as many."
	"Yeah. What you did is twice as bad as anything you have done before."
	I was about to argue that I was only wearing panties now but
before I could open my mouth I heard a "Swish" then a "Whack!" followed
immediately by a terrible pain that seemed to go deep into my body. My
body jerked forward at the poweful impact which was followed by more
keeping my body jumping as he moved lower from the top of my butt. One at
the juncture of my thighs made me scream but he kept going down to
mid-thigh before pausing to say, "That's half. Allene. How are you doing?"
	I was bawling too much to answer and as the terrible pain subsided
a little I noticed a cutting feeling under my boobs. I looked down to see
they had jumped out of my bra and the top of the bra was digging into
them. I didn't know what to do about it with my hands tied and was still
crying too hard to ask Dad to fix them. Then to my horror I looked at the
wall and noticed light was no longer shining through the knot holes. A
closer look revealed an eye. I closed my eyes to avoid the terrible
humiliation of being seen just as Dad ripped my legs open and began
forehanding and backhanding my right thigh and then the left with me
shrieking and jumping at the really terrible ones to my tender inner thighs.
	Finally it was over and Dad said "I am going to leave you here
until dark. You have been punished enough without having to run the
guantlet of staring eyes again."
	When he unbuckled my wrists I grabbed my bra to cover up but he
said, "No. Leave it alone. That will teach you to buy decent bras."
	He grabbed my hobbles and buckled my wrists to eye bolts high on
the wall to leave me standing there sniffling with my boobies being cut by
the top of the bra and fully exposed while my poor butt burned and throbbed.
	He started towards the door and i heard a scuffle of feet outside.
Dad's work at the mill had partly deafened him so he didn't notice.
	My sobbing started to subside as I heard the kitchen door slam.
	Then the light was blocked again and I saw eyes at every knothole.
I began sobbing again as I heard one kid say excitedly, "We have until dark."
Then they all started talking to make my tears flow at the terrible
humiliation. One said,"Look! The strap made her panties slide into her
asscrack!. There was a shuffle of feet as they scrambled to push and shove
to get a knothole behind me as one said, "Wow! Her butt and thighs are
maroon. They will be one solid black and blue tomorrow."
	Another said, "Fuck this! Everybody has a butt. I want to watch
her tits as she pants."
	I couldn't help it. My crying and sobbing had deprived me of air
and I had to take deep breaths. only to die of humiliation as they said,
"OOH look at them heave."
	I did my best to be completely still to deprive the little bastards.
	They became bored watching my still body and suddenly a wood stick
slid through a knot hole and poked my nipple! I began fighting my bonds to
get away from it which only made them happy as one said, "Yeah! That makes
her dance. Keep it up!"
	Try as I may I couldn't avoid that damn stick and finally just
hung from my wrists bawling as it poked my boobs.
	As if that wasn't enough another stick came though to poke my
pussy. I yelled which made them stop for a moment then someone said, "No
Sweat. They won't hear her. Everybody is watching the news and you know
they have to turn up the volume since that damn plant has deafened every body."
	They started poking again. then someone said, "Hey I have an idea.
I'll get a coat hanger."
	They began poking and running the stick between my legs and
suddenly my butt didn't hurt anymore as in spite of myself excitement began to rise.
	Then a staightened coat hanger came though a low knot hole to hook
into the side of my panties. they went from side to side dragging them
down bit by bit until my little slit with the sparse blonde hair was
totally exposed. They began sliding the stick back and forth between my
pussy lips until I just couldn't stand it and arched my back to let it
slide on my clit. Someone said, "Shit! She is getting off on this! Look
the stick is getting soaked and her body is pulsating as she sweats like a pig."
	I sobbed at the fact that they knew but I couldn't stop pressing
and twisting against the stick as orgasms made my butt fade to a dull throb. 
	finally there was a monstous orgasm and I slumped supported only
by my wrists." Somebody said, "God she passed out! We better get out of
here it is starting to get dark."
	I hadn't but hoped they kept that thought since I was exhausted.I
felt them hooking my panties again to pull them back into place then a
shuffle of feet and awed voices.
	I went to sleep for a little while awakening to pain in my
shoulders and wrists I relieved by standing up just as Dad entered the shed.
	He was carrying a scissors and cut off my bra then cut it into
pieces saying, "You'll never wear this again."
	My only consolation was that it was dark and no prying eyes as we
walked back to the house then the enormity of what happened hit me and I
ran to my room to flop on my bed crying my eyes out.
	I was really good from then on knowing another trip would bring
the boys who I avoided because I knew they could see though my clothes
Like it? allene	




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





