BDSM Library - Black Experience




Black Experience
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Allene spies on new black family in town and is caught and forced into punishment and sex.
                       Black experience by Allene

                                                         Black experience 1
===========================================================================
I live in a small town in Eastern Washington State. It was a big deal when a
black family moved to town. I know it is hard to believe for you people who live
in large cities but we had never seen a black in person. Our only experience
with blacks was the exposure on TV and movies. It seemed they were only involved
in crime or hip hop music.

I was curious and snuck over to their house to watch them behind some bushes. I
know this sounds terribly racist but it was like going to a zoo.

I was disappointed from daylight spying that they were mowing the lawn
barbecuing or just out enjoying the weather just like the white people.

One night I decided to slip over there at night telling my Mom I was going to
study with a girl friend in case I saw something interesting that kept me late.
I was sixteen and had made love to my boyfriend and frankly I was hoping to see
them make love to see if it was different.

Their family consisted of a father, Mother, and a daughter about my age. I
assumed they were a mixed breed because they were brown like a deep tan rather
than black. Their daughter was pretty and since she was wearing shorts and a
t-shirt at their barbecue I saw she had a nice body with a small waist and
medium size boobs like me. The only difference was her bigger and rounder butt.
She seemed real affectionate giving her father a hug. I never hugged my parents.

I started hiding behind the bushes but then a light came on behind a window that
was partially open. The daughter came in and promptly went to a corner and
pressed her body against it. I got curious and went closer so I could see better

Now I could hear her sniffling and heard her murmur, "Why did I do that. Damnit
I knew better."

Her father came in holding a leather strap about 18 inches long an 3 inches
wide. I realized she was going to get a spanking. That fascinated me. I had
never been spanked and only knew one girl that had been spanked. She was so
ashamed of it I had a lot of trouble getting any details other than it had hurt
and she had to bend over a chair for it.

Her father said, "You know you have to be punished. Don't you?"

She whimpered, "Yes Daddy."

Her Mom said, "This is the second time this month. You know it will be hard."

"Yes Mama."

"You chose the strap so they will all be on your butt and thighs. Thirty of
them."

"Oh no Mama. Please! I have never had thirty!"

"You never screwed up twice in a month before and for saying 'No' it will be
thirty-five."

She really started to sniffle then but I guess she knew better than to protest
more.

Then her Dad said, "You know what you have to do."

Tears streamed down her face as she whimpered, "Yes Daddy."

Then to my disbelief she started to take off her clothes. My Mom and Dad had not
seen me naked since I was about four years old. She took off everything even her
shoes and socks to show her body looked as good as I suspected. She went to a
closet and came back carrying ropes! I noticed they were the white soft ropes my
Dad used on his horses to keep them from being chafed. She bent over to slide
the ropes into rings on the floor about four feet apart then buckled padded
leather straps to her ankles.That done she threw the other rope ove a large
chandelier and buckled cuffs from it to her wrists.

Her father came over and said, "Get those legs wide."

She spread her legs nearly to the rings and since she was facing me I could see
that black people were pink inside their pussy like me.

He tied the ankle ropes then tightened the rope to the chandelier and tied the
end to another ring on the wall.Then he put a rubber ball in her mouth with
straps on it for a gag.

She was streched so much her waist shrunk to the point ribs and hip bones
showed. The stretch made her body look beautiful and I moved closer forgetting
that now I could be seen from the light from the window.

Her Dad began to spank her with the strap making a loud "Whapping" sound.
Although she was facing me she would twist at impact so I could see the strap
was making welts as she screamed through her nose.

About half-way through her Mom said, "Remember. Her butt gets numb."

I realized she was right since her screams lessened as it went on.

He began hitting the back and sides of her thighs but the real reaction came
when he began hitting her inner thighs so close to her pussy it would widen at
impact. She would throw back her head and howl through her nose like a wounded
dog.

Finally it was over and by then my nose was against the glass watching intently
as her body shook from her sobbing and she twisted in an effort to lessen the
pain.

Suddenly my arms were grabbed by her Mom and Dad. I yelled but he put his big
hand over my mouth and said, "So we have a peeping Thomasina pervert. The cops
will put this on your record forever."

They dragged me into the house and when he finally moved his hand I begged,
"Please don't call the Police. I am sorry. I had never seen anyone spanked and
my curiosity got the best of me."

He said,"You didn't know there would be a spanking. You hoped to catch us making
love didn't you you little pervert?"

I hung my head and said, "I guess so. I have never seen black people make love
either."

That just seemed to make him madder. He yelled, "You little redneck! What makes
you think we would do it different than white people. Do you think we are
animals?

"No.No I'm sorry. I just thought it might be different."

"Shit. Call the cops."

"No! No Please. I am sorry I won't ever come back."

"Oh I guess you don't think you should be punished."

"I know it was wrong. Mom and Dad have me do chores when I have been bad. I'll
work for you for free."

"Wrong. I have a power mower and I enjoy mowing. It gives me a chance to think.
I think you know the punishment You really deserve."

"Oh God. You mean a spanking. That looks like it hurts awful."

"Yes it does. That way you don't forget."

"If you spank me. You won't call the police?"

"Yes but first I am going to record your confession. So if you come up with a
story we forced you I can play it for the cops."

He got a tape recorder and asked me questions that made me look like a real
pervert and finished by having me admit that I was very bad and that I wanted a
spanking to be forgiven. He even made me say that I deserved at least thirty
lashes.

To add to my humiliation his daughter seemed excited and joyful someone else
would have to suffer her fate. She said, "Great Dad. I have never seen a white
girl naked. There was only blacks and hispanics at our school in Seattle. I
wonder what welts will look like on that pearly white skin."

I panicked as I first realized he would want me like his daughter but I was
committed now being sure that tape would put me in jail and the media would have
a field day with me."

When he said, "Are you ready for punishment" I could only nod and whimper.




                                                         Black experience 2
===========================================================================
He said, "You know what to do. You saw the whole thing."

The damn chandelier must have had all 100 watt bulbs. It was like I was in a
spotlight but I was not going to make him madder by hesitating. I blushed to my
toes as they stared intently making me face them as I stripped. At least the
ropes were all in place so I didn't have to have the added humiliation of
preparing my own bondage. I put the cuffs on quickly to get this over with as
soon as possible.

I gasped as my legs were pulled open realizing even my boyfriend had never had
this view when my pussy lips opened enough so I could feel a breeze drying the
moisture inside it.

Then I was stetched and saw my body reflected in the window. I had a second of
pride knowing my body had never looked that good which was affirmed when the
daughter said, "God. She is beautiful."

He said, "Like my daughter you have a choice of instruments. A cane, The strap
or this whip. They each held one of them and he went on to say, "To be fair
don't choose the cane. It leaves such terrible welts you won't be able to sit
comfortably for days. You have seen what the strap does. The whip will not
bruise you badly but the disadvantage is that it can be used anywhere on your
body."

I believed what he said about the cane and the strap scared the hell out of me .
The whip was just six skinny leather thongs so I said "I'll take the whip."
Thinking by everywhere he meant my back and maybe my stomach.

"Fine. You can hang there a bit to think about your sin while we tend to our
daughter."

Their daughter was still naked and did not seem bothered by that fact. She
smiled at his words.

The mom left and came back with a couple of bottles. The daughter opened her
legs and put her hands on her head while they spread some kind of oil on her
welts while she sighed in pleasure. He didn't limit the oil to her welts. He
also spread it on her breasts, stomach and even her pussy while she smiled and
made little sighs.Then he concentrated on her nipples and began letting his
fingers slide through her legs from her anus to her pubic bone as her sighs
became louder and mixed with pants. She suddenly groaned as she pushed her pussy
against his hand.

He said, "Feel better, Baby?"

"Oh yes. The pain is all gone."

I was amazed. I was sure she had an orgasm. My dad wouldn't have done that even
to my mother.

Finally he turned to me and said,"Since you chose the least painful instrument I
think you should get forty. Don't you?"

I saw what had happened when his daughter said No so to please him as much as
possible I said,"Yes. Please."

He put the gag on me and walked around me evidentally deciding on where they
should go.

I expected him to start on my back but obviously that didn't appeal to him. The
first lash at the bottom of my butt where the thighs joined it made me scream
through the nose since I had never experienced such pain. That turned out to be
the least painful. He made it last by walking around me till I calmed a bit then
struck again. He was a real expert with it. The next two brought the tips into
my ass crack to make me shriek and shudder then two across my tummy at the navel
that seemed to set it on fire. Then he concentrated on my breasts hitting them
one at a time chuckling as they jumped and shuddered to finish with two across
the nipples which was the worst at the time. I thought nothing could be worse
than that but then he began bringing it up between my legs with the center
thongs ripping my pussy open to hit my clitoris. Then in front to make the tips
hit my anus.

The pain was so terrible my body would not accept it and my brain did something
to lessen it. Suddenly it did not hurt as bad even when he aimed carefully to
let the tips rip at my nipples and my clitoris.

I went mindless not thinking of anything but the pain. He could have hit me
fifty or more times I was in no condition to count.

Then just as I was sure I might pass out he said, "I am going to give you a
break. I want you to push out your pussy and nod your head when you are ready
for the lash. If you do that it will just be five more."



I didn't even consider the fact that would open my pussy even more and I would
be asking for the lash. All I could think of was that there would only be five
more.

I pushed out my pussy until my muscles were strained as he said, "Further.
Further."

When I nodded the pain seemed to go deep into my guts as I howled through my
nose as his daughter had.

He waited for me to calm then said, "Do it." Again I strained to feel the the
terrible pain but now I had a goal and counted in my head until the last
terrible one.

My body went into convulsations while they stared at me shuddering until I
finally calmed down. He took off my gag but they continued to watch me laughing
at the way my body had turned from white to dark red. The Mom said, "Hey. Now
she is a colored girl too."

I was beyond humiliation only one thing stuck in my mind and that was the
daughter's statement that the pain was gone.

I moaned, "Please help me. My body is on fire."

He said, "Do you want the oil rub baby?"

"Oh yes. Please."

They all began to rub me with the oil and I loved it especially on my pussy and
anus. Soon my moans turned to sighs as the pain was slowly replaced with sexual
excitement. Like their daughter I went into orgasm followed by more.

Finally he said, "You like that baby. Would you like something even better?"

"Oh yes. Please."

He loosened my wrist ropes a little to take off the strain then he knelt between
my legs and egan licking my pussy. I didn't know anyone did that and it felt
wonderful. To add even more to my enoyment the daughter began licking my anus
while the Mom sucked on my nipples until the orgasms became so strong I slumped
in my ropes.

They turned me loose and I slumped to the floor. When they stepped back I began
carressing my nipples and pussy not caring they were watching even though before
I had only masturbated under my covers.

Finally I was content. He picked mr up and sat me on the couch and began to
dress me as if I was a lifeless doll which was nearly accurate.

When my breathing got to normal he gave me some whiskey to drink which seemed to
revive me. Then he said, "You feel good now? You have paid for your sin and got
some pleasure from it."

"Yes. It was wonderful. Almost worth the whipping."

He laughed and said, "Come back anytime. Whippings aren't so bad if you don't do
anything wrong."

He put me in his car and drove me home. I think he was surprised when I kissed
him goodnight but believe it or not I felt grateful for the wildest experience
of my life.




                                                         Black Experience 3
==========================================================================
On the ride home I didn't seem especially sore but when I got out of the car I
realized the effect of the oil and caresses had worn off.

I had not bothered to put my bra and panties back on and on the first few steps
toward my house I noticed some wild after effects. My pussy lips had swollen so
I could feel the lips rubbing together at each step and my boobs and butt was so
sensitive the cloth felt almost like sandpaper against my skin. I had to stop on
the porch to compose myself before going in.

It was all I could do to walk and act normally for the short time to tell my
folks that I thought I would go to bed early.

I decided to take a long cool bath which brought down some of the swelling but
in the course of caressing the redlines on my boobs and pussy I became excited
and ended up fingering myself to orgasm.

When I went to bed I couldn't sleep because I had terrible feelings of remorse.
I thought I must be a terrible pervert and slut to achieve orgasm both at their
house and in the tub. Rather than feeling sorry for myself I thought I deserved
all the punishment he had given me and even more. I got up determined to prove I
did not enjoy pain and got a stiff hair brush. I took it to bed with me and
began spanking my sore pussy with the stiff needle like bristles. It hurt awful
but I kept it up until I was crying relieved that pain was still bad.

When I woke I got up to look in my full length mirror to find the redlines had
turned to purple and my boobs and pussy were completely bruised. My boobs were
still a little swollen making my bra uncomfortable so I left it off and also my
panties. I was glad school was out so I didn't have to make an excuse to avoid
gym class. I could never have explained the bruises to the girls in the shower.

Not wearing underwear was a mistake. I was constantly aware of the cloth
caressing me. I was sure Mom would notice I was acting oddly so I told her I was
going downtown to do some shopping.

Walking downtown was weird. I had never gone without underwear before and found
the cloth rubbing me and breezes blowing up my skirt kept me constantly aroused.
To take my mind off the feeling I turned into the first store I came to which
was a hardware store. That made things worse. It seemed everywhere I looked
there were ropes and chains I could be hung from and gobs of things that could
be used as instruments for spanking or whipping. I had been in hardware stores
dozens of times with my Dad but had never thought about the dual purposes of so
many things. There were gobs of clamps some with teeth that could be put on my
nipples or pussy even some things a normal person would never consider like a
ceramic porcupine normally used to clean dirt off shoes but I pictured my self
squatting over it with the long sharp needles puncturing my pussy. I realized my
self-punishment had not really proven anything. I was getting so excited I left
to go to a department store but even there I saw gobs of belts, thong panties
that would leave the buns bare for spanking and in household, spatulas and big
spoons.

I went home to tell Mom I was not feeling well and was going back to bed.
Removing my clothes helped. I again saw all the bruises which Made me reconsider
the idea on my way home of going back to that terrible, marvelous black man.

The bruises went away in about three days which was on the weekend where my
folks were going to visit my Grandma in a nursing home in Seattle. I knew I
should go with them but Mom didn't bother to ask me because she knew that seeing
Grandma in the latter stage of Alzheimer's disease totally depressed me.

I cleaned the house all morning to stay busy but then there was nothing left to
do and my thoughts went to the black people. I decided to go there. I swear I
was just going to apologize and ask them if I could have the confession I made
since I no longer had any bruises to back up any story I told the Police.

I would go forward then turn back several times but finally I was at their front
door. He met me and grinned saying, "I was sure you would be back."

I protested and blurted out the excuse I had planned and the fact I had never
known their names. I expected some African names and was surprised to hear him
say. I am Bill, My wife is Jane and the daughter is Jill. He just looked at me
knowingly and told me to come in.

He said, "Come in to the living room. I think you will find this interesting."

I was shocked to see Jane and Jill hanging back to back from a rope in the
ceiling. I also saw they were only wearing a rope that went around their waist
and another tied to it that was pulled so tightly into their crotches their
pussy lips pooched out around it. They were both moving their legs and I knew
the rope must be rubbing on their clits and anus. They were also wearing some
kind of circular bandage that covered their nipples.

He said, "They look great don't they. I make them do two hours of aerobics every
day to stay in shape."

I agreed. They did look great. Jill had inherited her Mom's big round boobs and
their tummies were flat and muscular.

I stared at them feeling myself getting wet between my legs as he explained.
"You got here just in time for a whipping meant just to excite them. The ropes
protect their clits and the bandages protect the nipples. Best of all I just use
a flogger that doesn't bruise. Their skin will be normal tomorrow.

I said shakily, "I can see how that would help a lot. The worst pain was to my
nipples and clit."

"Yes, A punishment whipping is meant to create maximum pain but they have been
good so they deserve some excitement."

It was strange. Just a week ago if someone had told me women could desire
whipping I would have thought they were crazy but now I understood completely
and was actually jealous they were hanging there and not me.

Then Jane moaned, "Please." and Jill groaned, "Oh yes. Please."

Bill grinned and said, "I guess I shouldn't keep them waiting any longer. Go sit
on the couch and enjoy the show."

The couch was a great place to see. They were sideways to me so I could see
every lash hit them.

He picked up the "Flogger" It was a whip with seven skinny leather thongs about
three feet long. I could believe it would not bruise. He took off his shirt to
reveal a lean muscular body.

He stationed himself on the other side of them and began forehanding and
backhanding their torsos. I watched their skin ripple and their boobs jumping
and flattening and realized that was the way I had looked. It went on and on.
They became covered in a sheen of perspiration and so did he. There were no
screams just gasps and moans and a constant movement of their bodies as they
danced under the lash.

I got so excited I couldn't sit any longer and got up to see the tips of the
whip jerking at their puffy pussy lips. The ropes had become soaked with their
juices and liquid spattered under the lash.

I didn't care how slutty I looked. I ripped off my panties and rubbed my clit
furiously while pinching my nipple's until I had an orgasm about the same time
that Jane then Jill slumped in their ropes from exhaustion.

He took them down and they laid on the floor hugging each other while their
bodies made little convulsions from the after shocks of their explosive orgasms.
I also laid back not caring my wet pussy was in full view between my open legs.




                                                   Black experience part 4
==========================================================================
I sat there shaking in excitement watching the girls twitching and moaning and
Bill rubbing the arm that must have given a hundred lashes.

Suddenly the girls rolled over on their backs and started breathing deeply. I
realized the pain and orgasms had totally exhausted them and they were asleep.

I stared at their striped bodies which just added to my excitement. I could see
the whip he had used had not caused any thing close to the damage to their
bodies I had suffered. I was sure that at the end I would be crying, "Harder,"
just as Jean had.

I knew I had to experience that excitement and I thought I knew how I could get
it. I stood up and slid off my thong shoes then unbuttoned my dress and let it
fall to the floor. I had already ripped off my panties and hadn't worn a bra
since I enjoyed the feeling of the cloth on my nipples so much. I stood there a
moment totally naked and was totally disappointed that Bill barely seemed to
notice.

I went to him and knelt in front of him making sure my legs were open so his
view would not be hindered and said quaveringly, "I think I would like an
excitement whipping."

He grinned and said, "You are quite the pain slut. Aren't you? You look at them
all exhausted and covered with stripes from the top of their tits to their upper
thighs and you still think you want it."

It hurt to be called a slut but I knew it was true. I said, "Yes. I want it. Do
you want me to beg?"

"No. That won't do you any good. Excitement whippings are only for girls that
have been really good."

"I can be good."

"No they have been real good for a couple of days. You have to go home soon."

"No I am home alone. My folks are gone till Sunday."

"Hmm. It is Friday night. I guess that might give you enough time to prove you
can be a good girl. Do you know what being good means?"

"I guess it means doing whatever pleases you."

"Yes and what pleases me is for my girls to be totally obedient. Do you think
you can be totally obedient no matter what I ask of you?"

"Yes. I think so."

"You had better be or you will get punishment worse than you had the other
time."

That scared me. I didn't think anything could be worse than that but if it was
possible I knew he could.

I said, "Oh God. I don't want that. I'll be good."

"Okay. For starters while I am taking off my clothes I want you to go to the
other end of the room then crawl back to me dragging your nipples on the rug.
When you get to me you can suck my dick. Is that okay with you?"

I had never really sucked a dick but I had kissed my boyfriends after he had
begged me and I knew it was just skin. Not much different than kissing a thumb
really.

"Yes I will do that."

"It might not be so easy. There is a box in the closet. Go get it."

I went to the closet and brought back a crdboard box that seemed too heavy since
all I could see was some whips and switches.

He reached into the bottom of the box and brought out a couple of spring clamps
with teeth. They had a long cord tied to them with what looked like a huge
safety pin at the end of the cord.

He said, "These are alligator clamps. Electricians use them in their work but I
have found a more interesting use. I am going to put them on your nipples and
pussy lips. Is that okay?"

"That sounds like it will really hurt but If I don't agree I will be punished
even worse won't I."

"That's right. What do you want to do?"

"Please put the clamps on me."

I was afraid it would hurt but I had no idea how much.  When he let the teeth
close on my nipple it felt like a rat had bitten it. I stepped back and grabbed
my poor nipple.

He said, "Unless you have changed your mind get back here and hold out your tit
for the other one."

I sobbed but came closer and lifted my breast for the other one. It seemed worse
to have to help him hurt me. It was no better but I managed to stay in position.

He told me to open my legs then he pulled out the tender inner lips to clamp
them. To my surprise it hurt less than my nipples.

He let me stand there a moment and said, "Getting used to them?"

I sobbed, "They still hurt but now it is a throbbing pain rather than the sharp
one at first."

He grinned and said, "I have something to make it more interesting."

He reached into the box and pulled out some six ounce fishing weights.

"I have pounded some finishing nails into the weights to make them hook on the
rug. By the time you get to me you will probably be crying."

He opened the safety pins and hooked on the weights To my shock and terible pain
he dropped them. I was sure my nipples had been bitten off. I screamed and
grabbed the cords to take off the weight.

He frowned and said, "You aren't being good. Now lift the weights up to yur tits
and drop them again. This time let them hang."

I wasn't sure I had the nerve to do that but I knew if he thought this was a
lesser punishment I had to do it. Again it seemed worse because I was doing it
to myself. I took a deep breath and dropped them. If anything it was worse than
when he did it.

While I sobbed he put the weights on my pussy clamps but thankfully when he
dropped them the cords were long enough to let the weights hit the floor before
jerking on me.

It made up for it when I walked to the other end of the room to start my crawl.
They had a thick wool rug and the nails on the weights would catch and release
to jerk my inner lips out with a terrible bite.

When I began my crawl back to him he was casually undressing. It was awful.
There were jerks and bites at every foot of progress. When I was halfway back he
growled, "You are not dragging your nipples. Start over."

It was all I could do not to lift the weights but I managed it. I looked down to
see my pussy lips being jerked way out at each step.

I started my crawl again to discover that now along with the bites my nipples
felt like they were being rubbed with a stiff brush.

He was right. By the time I got to him I was crying my heart out. He let me calm
down a little and my eyes cleared to see his dick all stiff and reaching above
his belly button. I had never seen a dick that big. My boyfriend's dick was
about six inches long and skinny enough to get my hand clear around it. Bill's
had to be eight or nine inches and so thick I was sure the ends of my fingers
would not touch my palm.

He told me to start by licking his balls and to move them around with my tongue.
He had worked up a sweat with the whipping so they tasted salty. Humiliating as
it was it seemed so much better to do something that did not hurt. By then the
clamps were just causing a throbbing ache that was bearable.

When I had licked every inch of his balls even underneath to his asshole he told
me to start licking up the shaft and to suck some skin between my lips.

He sighed and said, "Thats good baby. I think you can be trained to be a number
one cocksucker."

God. It was humiliating enough to do it and it seemed worse for him to call me
the cocksucker I was.

He told me to put the head in my mouth and to lick his piss slit. There was some
slimy stuff on it but it didn't taste bad. I thought that would satisfy him. It
had my boyfriend but he grabbed the hair on each side of my head and jerked my
head forward to make his dick hit the back of my mouth and make me gag. He kept
jerking me back and forth  while I grabbed breaths of air whenever I could then
he said, "Yawn baby. Yawn big."

I did and was shocked to feel that monster dick going into my throat. Just when
I thought I might pass out he would pull back to let me get some air only to ram
it back down untill suddenly his dick started jumping in my mouth and his cum
began flooding it. I swallowed like crazy to keep from choking. Thankfully it
didn't taste bad and I didn't throw up like I thought I might.

He said, "Good girl baby." For some perverse reason I was happy he was pleased.

He said, "Let's get those clamps off."

I had almost forgotten they were on but was really grateful until I found out
when they were taken off so the blood could return the pain would be even worse
than when they were put on.

I was crying again when he turned me around to say, "You girls have some real
competition."

I was embarrassed to death. I had assumed they were still asleep and the thought
of them watching me do things only the grossest whores would do totally
humiliated me. I continued to cry knowing I had become a total slut.

Jill said, "Make her suck me, Daddy. I have been real good."

I am totally heterosexual and that thought grossed me out. I whined, "Do I have
to? How can I suck her? She doesn't have a dick."

"No but she has a clit that has feelings like the head of my dick."

I knew that was true. After all I had been playing with my clit since I was
about eight years old.

Then he said, "Actually you got all the pleasure that you deserved, but if you
want it go out a cut a switch. While she eats you your Mama is going to be
switching your tits until you cum or tell Allene to quit."

"Oh Daddy. My tits are sore from your whippin."

"That's the deal. Take it or leave it."

"I'll take it. It will be worth it to have an uppity white girl have to eat me."

She ran into the kitchen and came back with a cleaver to go out the back door
stark naked.

I said, "Aren't you afraid someone may see her out there running around naked."

"No Our nearest neighbor is about a block away and after you peeked at us I put
up a six foot tall board fence. That way we can play outside."

Jill came back in with the cleaver tucked in her arm pit frantically ripping
leaves and twigs off a willow switch about three feet long with the base about
the size of a man's thumb. When she finished she handed it to her Mom saying,
"Please not too hard."

Bill said, "They had better be hard or I'll whip Jane's tits with a rose branch.
You don't want that again do you, Jane?"

Jane looked real scared and said, "God no! Last time I had scabs on my tits and
pussy for a week."

"Good. Keep that in mind."

Jill dragged a cushion off the couch to put it on the floor then sat on it and
laid back opening her legs real wide. Her pussy opened up so I could see the
pink inside and her clit growing. She had a huge clit almost as big as a little
boys penis. She looked absolutely obscene. I saw moisture in the hole making me
feel sick to my stomach.

Bill said, "Get your arms stretched behind your head. Don't bring them back down
or I'll use the rose on you."

Jill said, "I won't Daddy. I'll be good."

She stretched to flatten her tummy and her boobs tightened to eliminate the
crease under them. I relized that position would allow the switch to hit every
inch of her boobs.

"Fine. Allene. Lay on your belly between her legs and when you hear the first
lash start licking. I want to see your tongue deep in her and your lips around
the clit."

I laid down feeling a little nauseous and felt the rug sticking little needles
in my whole front. I slid forward till my nose was by her slit. There was a
stale musky smell and I thought she might have some of her Dad's cum inside her.

I looked up over her tummy to see the switch come down and bury itself in her
pretty round boobs. Her only reaction was to stretch more and lift her pussy
into my mouth. In spite of her forcing me to do this disgusting thing I felt
sorry for her and began licking furiously to get her off as soon as possible to
save her tits.

Fluid from her pussy began flowing until my nose and cheeks were wet. Meanwhile
I kept watching the switch coming down to bury itself over and over leaving dark
red lines.

In a few moments she began gasping and pumping her pussy into my mouth. I knew
she was in orgasm but instead of telling her Mom to stop she yelled. "Harder
Mama!"

Her Mom brought down another that pushed her nipples out of sight and that was
it. She went limp and her Mom moved away and I lifted my head.

She laid there as if dead a moment then She said, "Allene did a good job, Daddy
and so did Mom."

She got up and knelt between Bill's legs and said, "See Daddy. My boobs are
really swollen and tight."

He felt them and said, "Yeah. titty whippin is good for you. I swear your tits
are getting bigger by the day."

she actually grinned in spite of the way her tits must have felt and said,
"Thank you Daddy."

He said, "Watching you made me jerk off so I am pretty well cummed out. Lets go
to bed."

They went to the bedroom and Bill told me to sleep on the couch. He said, "Sleep
good. You have been a good girl. I have some exciting things planned for
tomorrow."

I couldn't sleep right away but then I began masturbating and had an orgasm that
let me sleep.




                                                       Black experience 5
=========================================================================
I woke up not knowing where I was at first but then I saw the hook on the
ceiling and everything came back immediately.

My nipples were tingling and I got up to walk over to the large mirror on the
wall. I saw a little scab on my right nipple where the alligator clamp had
bitten too deep but it didn't hurt. Just kind of tingled.

I opened my legs and pulled my outer lips open. There were two dark red spots on
the pink inner lips where the clamps had been. They also had scabs but again it
didn't hurt. Somehow the sight excited me in spite of or maybe because I
remembered the pain as they were bitten.

I started putting on my dress but then remembered Bill had left me naked and
might be mad if I didn't remain that way.

I went back to sit on the couch idly caressing my nipples and pussy. I heard low
voices and movement in the bedroom and quickly moved my hands to my side afraid
they might see me touching myself.

Suddenly they all came out the door all fully dressed. I was embarrassed to be
naked while they were all clothed and grabbed my dress to hold it in front of
me.

Bill laughed and said, "My God. You are blushing. You were naked all night why
are you embarrassed now?"

"It's different when you guys all have clothes. It makes me feel more naked."

"Well get used to it because you are going to be naked all day. Come here so I
can check you out."

I went over to him blushing as he inspected my nipples and pulled my pussy lips
open to slide his fingers over the inner lips."


"Okay. A couple of scabs but not bad. Does it hurt?"

"No, but it sure did yesterday."

He laughed and said, "I'm sure but since you have been good I won't use the
alligator clips again."

"Oh thank you."

"Don't thank me yet. That doesn't mean you won't have some pain. Now I am going
to put a little costume on you and you can make us breakfast."


I said, "Good." I was glad he may cover me even if only a little but that was
not to be."


He went to his box and came back dangling some paper clamps with strings
attached.

"This will make you feel more naked."

I whimpered remembering how much clamps hurt but obediently opened my legs. He
put one on each of my outer pussy lips. It hurt but not near as much as the
alligators. Then he went behind me and tied the strings together across the
fattest part of my butt.

I looked down to see the lips pull open clear to my thighs. My blushes returned
at the obscene way that exposed me.

He said, "You don't have much sag in your tits but I don't like any."

He put clamps on my nipples that made me gasp and then tied the strings tightly
behind my neck to lift my boobs by my poor bitten nipples. again it hurt but not
like the alligators and the sharp pain slowly turned to just a throbbing ache."

He told me to go to the kitchen and when I walked I discovered a couple of
things. Walking made my butt move to pull on the clamps and having my tits
raised seemed to make them sway more.

They watched me closely as I cooked the breakfast of ham and eggs telling me to
serve them one at a time so they could see my pussy lips move as I walked and my
boobs sway.

When I sat down to join them I gasped again when my butt flattened on the chair
to pull the clamps even more.

When we finished he told me I could take off the costume since he wanted to move
on. I reached up to untie the string around my neck but he told me not to bother
untying them and just pull off the clamps.

I got hold of the strings and pulled them up. My nipples stretched and my boobs
lifted even more until the clamps popped off. I gasped as sharp pain returned as
the blood returned.

I had learned a slow pull made it worse so I grabbed the strings to my pussy and
jerked them off. That really hurt but at least it was over fast.

Then he said, "I feel like playing Horsie. Sound like fun?"

I doubted it would be fun for me but said, "I guess so if you want to do it."

Jill made a moan and I realized this would be bad.

He said, "Lets go outside."

Again I felt naked and said, Someone might see me."

"The fence will stop that. Come on."

I followed reluctantly and found that being outside made me feel even more
naked. The backyard had a tree with a limb going out the side with a rope
hanging ominously over it. I cringed realizing this may be used to hang me and
whip me but instead he led me over to a child's red wagon.

I said, "Why is this here. You don't have any little kids."

"No this is what I use for Horsie. You are going to pull me around in it. Sound
like fun?"

His mind was too devious for something that sounded that easy so I said, "I
doubt that it will for me."

He grinned and said, "Maybe not fun but interesting. In order to tow me you are
going to need a harness and reins. I pictured a leather harness but he went to
the wagon to get a paper sack not nearly big enough for a harness.

I knew the harness must be bad when he told Jane to get a gag so my yelling
wouldn't bother the neighbors. When she returned with a rubber ball with strings
attached he told me to open my mouth wide. He jammed in the ball and tied the
strings behind my neck. It filled my mouth so completely I could only breathe
through my nose.

Then he said, "You might not be able to stand still for this."

He took me over to the big tree and pushed my back against the rough bark then
tied my arms and legs behind the tree. That made my boobs push out and spread my
legs.

He picked up the sack and pulled out strips of cardboard with fish hooks and
fish line on them.

I moaned through my nose and he grinned and said you know where these are going.
Don't you?"

I shook my head furiously not to say no but in protest but he just ignored me.

He picked out a hook and told Jane to squeeze my left tit.

She put both hands around the base and squeezed till it was hard as a rock. I
saw Jill looking at me with a sick expression and knew she had been through
this.

He put the sharp point of the hook against my nipple and began pushing it
through. He could have done it fast but he was too mean for that. He pushed it
in slowly wiggling it as I screamed through my nose until it popped through the
other side. I looked down amazed there was no blood.

He did the other one then put three on each pussy lip very slowly. He enjoyed my
screams and struggling which was driving stickers into my ass from the bark of
the tree.

Finally it was over and he led me to the wagon and faced me away from the tongue
to tie my pussy strings to it. While he was doing that Jane put kneepads on me.
I thought it was weird they would want to save my knees then remembered he only
wanted to hurt sexy parts of me.

Just tugging on the strings to make sure the tension was the same on all six was
bad and I cringed imagining what it would be like towing his weight.

When he was satisfied the strings were all even he tied them to the tongue of
the wagon then had me get on all fours and pulled my nipple strings over my
shoulders. He had Jill get the willow switch her Mom had used on her then said,
"Okay. If I pull on the right tit turn right, left tit turn left, both tits
stop. Go when you feel the switch on your ass.

He got in the wagon barely big enough to hold his ass and crossed legs then I
felt a terrific sting on my ass. I crawled forward feeling pain and a terrible
pull on my poor pussy but once the wagon started moving it was not too bad.

I dragged him all around the concrete patio with him constantly jerking on my
tits to turn and stop me only to feel the sharp sting as I started again.

Then he did a terrible thing. He directed me off the patio and onto the lawn.
The wagon pulled harder in the grass and I was sure my poor pussy lips would be
stretched till they hung to my knees. He kept hitting my ass to make me go
faster and suddenly a wheel went into a hole. I felt the hooks rip my pussy and
stopped cold ignoring the switch even when it went into the crack of my ass
certain that if I pulled my pussy would be shredded.

He finally gave up and took off my gag to say, "You don't want to play this game
anymore?"

I sobbed, "No! My poor pussy is ripped."

He had me get up on my knees then said,"Yeah it is a little bloody. We'll fix
it."

He untied the lines and led me back to the tee to be retied. He said, "I'll take
out the hooks and fix you up. Jane, you know what to do."

He took a needlenose pliers out of the sack and I suddenly remembered the hooks
had barbs that would rip even more coming out. Fortunately he had some
compassion and just used the pliers to cut the hooks and let them slide out
easily.

Jane came out with a steaming kettle saying, "The water won't dissolve any more
salt."

"Bitch. I don't want to burn her. Get some ice cubes and cool it off."

"I appreciated this kindness and murmured, "Thank you."

While she was gone he dabbed at the blood on my pussy then said, "It isn't as
bad as it looks but the holes are big enough now to put in a six penny nail. The
salt will stop the bleeding and make it feel better."

Jane came back and he dipped the rag in the kettle snd slapped it on my pussy. I
let out a bloodcurdling scream when my pussy caught fire but as he kept adding
more the fire cooled and finally went out. Now the cool water felt good.

When I had calmed he untied me and told Jane to help me get dressed.

She took me inside and brought me one of Jills cotton brassieres and some cotton
panties. Being so covered made me ask, "Is it all over?"

"No. He just wants you in costume."

She went to Jill's closet and had me put on her Catholic school uniform which
consisted of a short blue skirt, a white blouse, and patent leather shoes. The
shoes were a little big and the blouse and skirt a little tight but it kinda
fit. Then she braided my hair into two pigtails on each side of my head and
added pink ribbons. I looked about twelve years old and knew my shaved pussy
would complete the illusion.

While I was dressing Bill was on the phone making one call after another.

I asked Jane why I was wearing this costume and she just said that Bill will
tell me.

She took me to him to show him what I looked like and he said, "Perfect. You
look so pretty and about twelve years old."

I asked, "Why did you have her dress me like this. Aren't we going to have any
sex?"

"Oh yeah but later. I am proud of you baby. I called some friends to come over
and see you."

I blushed and said, "I won't be naked will I. You are the only man who has seen
me naked."

"Not right away. I'll explain later. Right now I am hungry. Lets have lunch."




                                                         Black experience 6
===========================================================================
At lunch he said, " Man, you look so pretty. You are really going to feel proud
when they all tell you how good looking you are."

"Do you really think I am pretty? My boobs aren't as big as the girls in the
men's magazines."

"Hell most of those boobs are plastic. You look great. You will see how you are
appreciated."

I had mixed feelings. I felt good he thought I was pretty and thought his
friends would agree but I remembered when I asked if I would be naked he had not
said no. Just not right away. I blushed again at the thought of total strangers
looking at me.

He noticed and said, "They will love those blushes."

After lunch we went back to the living room and he went to a drawer and brought
out a leather strap.

I was depressed. I thought all the punishment was over but obviously it wasn't.

He handed it to me and said, "See how nice and soft this is."

I felt it and it was soft. I assumed it had been soaked in some oil.

He told me to hold up my skirt and when I did he hit me across the front of my
thighs. I jumped at the sting but it wasn't that bad.

"Not bad is it?"

"No. Not nearly as bad as the other things."

"Good because later on you are going to use it to put on a little show."

"A show? What do you mean?"

"You are going to do a slow strip tease spanking the skin as you bare it. First
you will take off your skirt and then give five spanks to each thigh letting the
strap circle around it. Then you will take off your blouse and give five spanks
to your tummy. Then you will take off your bra and give five spanks to each tit.
Finally you will take off the panties and give five spanks to your ass and
another five to your pussy."

"Oh I don't know if I can do that. Especially to my boobs and pussy."

"Sure you can. If you don't I will do it with a five foot long willow switch."

"No! I'll do it."

"Good girl. I'll hold up your skirt and you can give me an example."

He took me over to the mirror and got behind me to lift my skirt to my waist.

When he said "Go." I opened my legs to let the strap go around and hit the front
of my right leg. It made a sting on the front and inner part but more where the
tip hit the back. It wasn't too bad though and it seemed weird and exciting to
have to punish myself. I thought this was something I could do at home.

"Not bad but you just made the skin pink. Try another on the other thigh and see
if you can get it red."

I did and it really stung. Not only because I hit harder but also because the
tip hit my tender inner thigh just inches from my pussy.

"Good. Nice and red. That wasn't too bad was it?"

"No. Not too bad. It is weird. It kind of excited me."

"Great! That is the reaction I thought you would have."

He got himself a beer and gave me one. That was great. I felt all grown up
drinking it with him. Out of curiosity I went to the mirror and lifted my skirt.
The pink mark was gone and the red was fading fast. I was sure I could do my
self spanking then.

He said, "When my friends come they may want to touch you. That is okay but if
they try to take off your clothes just tell them Bill doesn't want them to do
that."

I was sure I would be touched but that may feel good and I was glad my strip
would be delayed while they inspected me.

His guests began to arrive and he would introduce me but I was too nervous to
remember their names. He was right. Each new guest would fondle me but it didn't
hurt and I had to feel proud when they complimented me on my hard flat tummy,
firm boobies and butt. It was strange though. They always directed their
compliments to Bill as if I was some animal he owned.

Then two couples came in. I had thought there would be just men and blushed at
the idea women would see me. One of the women jerked my skirt up to see my legs
and I blushed. She laughed and said, "My God she is bashful. This is going to be
some sport."

In spite of my embarrassment all the fondling excited me and I was glad Jill's
loose panties did not touch my pussy to leave a tell-tale wet spot.

The room began to fill up with people and I heard them ask them what"The Show"
would be but he just told them to wait and see.

Finally the last guest arrived and Bill said, "Okay. Everybody is here. Are you
ready for the show?"

They began yelling "Yeah let's do it." One guy said, "My dick is already hard
just thinking about what may happen to that little white girl."

Bill opened the shade on the window and the bright sun flooded the room. He led
me to the brightest spot and gave me the strap telling me to hold it in my teeth
while stripping. He said, "Remember. I want you red. If you arent I will do it
again with the switch."

I gulped in fear and said, "I'll be good."

Then he said to the guests " You are going to love this. None of you guys have
your bitches trained this good."

He nodded to me. I was so nervous I had trouble unbuttoning and unzipping the
skirt but I finally managed it and let it drop to the floor to hear cheers from
the audience.

I began strapping my thighs. There were cheers at each "Slap" and I got into it.
I found myself hitting harder and loving the sharp stings.

I was so anxious to get to my tummy I ripped a couple of buttons off the blouse
in my haste.

I began strapping my tummy watching the wide red stripes blending together.
Someone yelled, "Jesus. She even likes watching."

By then I was shaking so bad it seemed to take forever to unclasp the bra but
finally it was off. There were cheers and someone yelled, "God. Great boobs."

I hit one then the other watching the strap flatten them to pop back out
quivering with the red line. A woman yelled, " Jesus. they are so firm they just
quiver rather than flop."

I was just at that terrible time just before orgasm when I finished to rip off
the panties. I forgot about my ass. Even though he had not told me I opened my
legs real wide and watched my pussy jump and quiver under the strap. I began to
cum and went past the alloted amount to give myself a sixth with the tip over my
clit. I exploded in orgasm and sank to my knees too weak to stand up.

They just watched me for awhile all red and sweaty and panting as if I had run a
mile then Bill came over to help me up and gave me a beer. I needed it I was
really dry and I also was proud when he said I was wonderful.

As I drank the beer they came over to fondle me and marvel at the welts I had
made. One woman said, "Christ. She really did a job. Her tits and pussy are
swollen."

She was right. I felt my boobs and they had swollen so tight they felt as if
they had been pumped with air and my pussy had gone from nearly flat to so puffy
it looked as if someone had stuck a hypodermic needle in them and filled them
with water.

I looked around and saw why there were so few around me. Women had dicks in
their mouths and pussies or assholes and men were standing around the couples to
jerk off and shoot their cum on the women.

Bill let me drink a couple of beers and calm down then he said, "Allene is all
yours guys and girls. "Go easy. She has a super tight pussy."

I looked around to see guys ripping off their clothes to show steel hard dicks.
Some were even bigger than Bills and I was sure they couldn't get them in. I was
wrong.

For what seemed like forever I had a dick in my pussy or a cunt or dick in my
mouth until I was totally exhausted and Bill noticed I was not moving anymore.

He said, "She has had it."

He picked me up and carried me to his bed where I went to sleep instantly.

I must have slept for hours. When he came to get me the sun was going down. When
he took me to the living room some of his guests were drunk which was not
surprising since they had all brought beer or wine with them. He gave me a beer
and said, "How are you feeling."

"Okay I guess except somone must have fucked my asshole. It is really sore."

He laughed and said, "More than one I suspect."

He led me over to the chest of drawers and took out some padded leather cuffs he
put on my wrists as I protested that I couldn't stand anymore.

"Just one thing more then I will take you home."

"Do you promise."

He laughed and said, "I promise."

"Then okay I guess."

He gave me a hug and kiss saying, "Good girl." For some reason I took that as
the highest praise."

He said to the guests, "It is time for the grand finale."

There were more cheers and one guy said, "I don't think you can top the stuff
that has already happened."

He just grinned and said,"You'll see."

He led me outside and flipped a switch. Flood lights lit up the rope hanging
from the tree.

I whimpered and he said, "You know you are going to get a whipping don't you?"

I said, "Yes but I have been good. Is it going to be an exciting whipping?"

"Oh yeah. It is going to be exciting alright. Tell them you are going to get a
whipping."

I turned to them and smiled saying, "I am going to get a whipping."

One guy said, "Jesus Christ. She wants it."

Bill told me to go to the rope and hook the rings of my cuffs into the hook on
the rope. I felt like a Christian martyr except I was excited at the prospect of
an excitement whipping.

When I had hooked myself to the amazement of my audience he pulled my legs apart
and tied them to stakes in the ground to pull my feet about four feet apart.

I got suspicious when he put the ball gag in my mouth but then thought it was
just a touch the audience might like.

He went to the rope and pulled down on the end to stretch me so tight I was
afraid my shoulders and hips might dislocate but it loosened a little when the
rope was tied to the tree and released.

I must have looked great because guys couldn't resist coming over to feel my
tight stomach and uplifted boobs.

Then Bill said, "This is going to be a slave whipping. She is going to know how
our ancestors felt when her relatives whipped us. At great expense I had a guy
braid a whip just like one I saw in a history book."

He held it up and I panicked. It looked truly evil. It started with a thick
handle and braids gradually getting smaller and finished with six
round thongs about three feet long.The thing had to be over six feet long and I
screamed through my nose at the leverage that would give him.

Someone said, "I don't think she is so sure she wants it now."

That was the understatement of the decade. He began whipping my back from my
shoulders to my thighs as I screamed at each one. I have never felt so much pain
and I am sure I never will again. When he stopped I felt blood running down my
legs. He wasn't satisfied with that. He began whipping my front starting at my
breasts and working down. Thankfully I passed out before he got to my pussy.

I was rudely awakened by a terrible burning and saw them throwing buckets of
saltwater on me. My body went from fire to shivering cold before they stopped.

I was released and carried to the house where Jill and Jane caressed some kind
of healing ointment on me then he took me home.

As I shuffled to my door he said,"You'll be back."

I didn't say anything but I know I won't. I will never take the chance of a
whipping like that again.

                                                              The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





