BDSM Library - Angels Decent




Angels Decent
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is an account and the events of a true story as they occurred, to the best of my recollection. There are sections that dwell on sexual domination; By my definition a joyous state of mind, should you disagree with my perspective, by all means go elsewhere and DON'T READ ON !!
Angels Decent

  This is an account and the events of a true story as they occurred, to the
best of my recollection. There are sections that dwell on sexual domination; By
my definition a joyous state of mind, should you disagree with my perspective,
by all means go elsewhere and DON'T READ ON !! 

  So I guess I start at the beginning, I placed an ad on the Internet for the
first time "Seeking A Submissive Angel" and I was surprised to see the number of
responses I received. I read them through carefully, taking my time to see who
read my ad carefully, how well they followed my requests and instructions, for
these are the qualities of a truly superb submissive. It became apparent to me
there were indeed 2 out of the 6 or so responses that had potential. In their
heart and mind the decision had been made to deliver themselves to the mindset
and commit completely? It was apparent there were not just looking for an escape
from a bad or difficult situation nor did they appear to be from the ranks of
the curious and adventure seekers.  So I contacted the first one of the two and
asked her to have breakfast with me at the local greasy spoon the following
Saturday.

    I see before me this young woman, I recognize her from her photo, as she
crosses the parking lot, nervous and on edge curious about the fate I can only
hope will become her destiny. As I waited for her in the lobby of the diner.
Good morning Angel, I address her as I flag down the waitress for a table and
point to a secluded area and ask her to seat where we can talk.

    We walked to our table in silence and I did the gentlemanly thing and follow
her and pulled out her chair for her and helped her get seated.  I sat down and
handed her a menu as I reviewed the content of the breakfast menu I asked her
what she would like with a slight smile (Even in serious situations as this,
it's not always possible to hide and conceal the joy of my good fortune.) on my
face and with her eyes cast downward she answered, coffee, just coffee and toast
please. I flagged down the waitress and placed our order for a light breakfast
and 2 cups of coffee and toast.  I watched her closely looking for her
reactions, nervousness or discomfort in her surroundings, I sensed she was on
edge. So, very calmly and with a soothing tone to my voice I tried to reassure
her that everything was all right we got our coffee and breakfast and finished
the meal without a word spoken.  To say the air was charged with excitement
would indeed be an understatement.  The waitress returned with our check and
refilled out coffee, I paid the bill and placed the tip on the table and look at
the sweet Angel fate has delivered to me.

   I held out my hand and she looked up at me to see a smile on my face and a
welcoming hand stretched out to her.  She accepted my hand and followed my lead
out the door (I could feel her hand trembling slightly as we walked) to the
shopping mall next to the diner.

   In a very low voice I began to speak as we walked, holding her hand gently. 
I could tell she was extremely shy, there was a battle raging inside this young
woman to maintain her composure. This was the first obstacle we were to over
come.  I decided to use this to my advantage. Angel, I want you to squeeze my
hand if you heard me. By not forcing her to answer me, just maybe her confidence
could be reinforced.  After walking a few paces, I felt her answer as her
fingers squeezed my hand.   Angel, anytime I say something that you don't
understand, squeeze my hand and I will explain it in a different way.  Angel, Do
you understand?  And again I felt pressure at my palm, but it was a quicker
response, less elapse time in the recognition of the question, I also noticed
her trembling had stopped. So we walked and looked at the shop window displays
and I continued to speak, pausing from time to time to demand a response from
her to make sure she was still with me as I spoke...
 
   I don't care what you have or haven't done in you lifetime to this point,
it's really not important that I know. What is important to me is that you are
healthy and a squeeze of the hand would confirm that, I no sooner get the words
out than I feel her touch answering me affirmatively.

   You will learn to enjoy many new things, some are beyond description and in
time you will hunger for crave and need to experience them very core of your
being, I guess it's a little like ice cream. I will teach you patiently and
slowly.  You must want to obey me first and foremost, as a reward for your
obedience I will grant you rewards, gratitude is expected for the rewards and
pleasures I grant you, you may look upon this a courtesy, some you will enjoy
right from the start, others you will develop a taste for over time as I lead
you in discovering every facet of pleasure conceivable to man.

    I don't know the similarities or differences to regarding Dominants other
than myself, what they do, don't do, what their philosophy's are, their actions
and methods mean very little to me.  I am an individual; I know what I like,
what I want and how and when I want it. My responsibility is to convey those
desires to you, and with that in mind remember everything in life is a trade
off, give and take, and on that basis you will learn.  The method has been
employed in training every creature on this planet from the most stubborn and
colossal to the most docile, graceful and beautiful, I've taught people to
perform specific duties and functions and I've trained horses, dogs and birds to
respond to specific conditions and stimuli.  When examining the base elements of
training the methods are the same, it's repetition, practice makes perfect,
there no mystery to it.  Some things are more difficult to do than others, they
may take longer for you to master and that's OK, we will work on these together. 
Bare in mind Angel, you need to decide now if you are ready to accept your fate,
I can assure you that at times, it will be difficult and tedious, if you will is
strong you can prevail victorious.

The Primary Elements by Description  (How things work)

Safety
* Your safety is always very important to me, you will choose a "Safeword"
although I doubt very highly you will ever need the use of it. If for some
reason something becomes unbearable for you, by all means use your Safeword or
Object and we can see what the problems are and resolve them.

Obedience
* Is tested, it is expected and will have disciplinary repercussions if willful      
disobedience is discovered.

Gratitude  
* Is required, forgetfulness regarding your gratitude for receiving pleasure,
permission or to be allowed to do something you enjoy or want..

Training 
* Will consist of showing you, explaining things in detail to you calmly, gently
and lovingly, allowing you to experience and become accustomed to  new things, A
Basic point of etiquette ,your eagerness to learn is expected whenever Training
is suggested and at times placing you in bondage may be essential for you to
learn, and or keep you from harm.

Testing
* I will test you frequently, testing your will to Obey, the degree of
accomplishment and this will always be done without any aid, bondage or any
other crutch or device to aid you.  Allow your pride to be your shield and your
"Will Power" your strength to excel in all and everything you do, All that you
can be, show me and prove to me, reinforce my burning desire for you, admiration
in you, maintain the confidence and trust that you have worked so hard for.

* Note - Pay close attention always, be aware of trickery and treachery. Always
think through the words that we exchange, never take them lightly.

Discipline
* I find it an admirable trait for you to call my attention to the skills that
you're attempting to master and where you're not satisfied with your
proficiency.

* If I discover your failure to make a reasonable attempt to master any task
you've been trained for, instructed to perform, whichever the case there will be
disciplinary repercussions and I expect you to accept them and put them behind
you.

    Angel, I hope that my words don't scare or offend you in any way. They are
intended to guide you, to allow you to experience the things you have only
dreamt of, and wished with all your heart could happen. I can only wish that I
evoke and wake the emotions deep within, that you may feel my lust and desire
through my words Angel.  Everything we have discussed to this point I have
written for you to review and consider in earnest.

     Angel, this concludes your first lesson, I trust it was painless and truly
as enjoyable for you, as it was for me.  I want you to go home think about what
I have said, sleep on my words and consider every aspect.  (As I looked around I
notice we had stopped in front of Victoria Secret, it wasn't intentional, but I
used it to my advantage.) She was glancing downward again, she did this every
time I stopped walking.

    I lifted her chin and looked into her eyes and placed a kiss on her
forehead, she raised herself on her toes and sought out my lips, I accepted her
kiss and when our lips parted I saw desire in her eyes as she spoke, "Don't go
just yet", Please?

    I touched my finger to her lips, this time I requested her silence.  I
gently turned her head towards the display window of Victoria Secret and
whispered in her ear.  Tomorrow, if you wish, I will test you.  For now you must
discover what you want and if you can learn to live and accept my ways, look
deep inside yourself and give me your reply by Email before 10:00 AM.  Should it
be Yes, then be prepared to follow my instructions explicitly. Should you decide
that this isn't for you, Then I can only hope you find what you are looking for
and that your journey be a pleasant one.

    And with that I squeezed her hand before I let go, turned and left her
standing there...  And me, wondering?

    Here I am, Sunday morning, early, restless, can't sleep, it's 7:00 am by the
alarm clock. I get up and make some coffee, smile to myself and wonder, Ah what
the heck, I walk over and jiggle the mouse to see what's in the mail box?  
There it is, sent at 1:00 AM, I guess she couldn't sleep either? In large
lettering it said "YES" She left her phone number and asked for me to call her
as soon as possible.  I smile to myself and wander down the hall with my cup of
coffee and crank up the shower as I shave and sip my coffee.   I take my shower
and dry off, walking with my coffee into the kitchen and dial and listen for the
ring, instead I hear a sweet and soft "Hello" and I quickly swallow my coffee to
clear my throat to answer "Hello Angel" and then theirs a long pause followed by
a "hello Sir", I have given your note some thought and I would like you for you
to test me.  I smile, quite happy with myself and now I have to regain my
composure, so I answer, "Alright Angel, I look forward to it."  Then I hear her
say, Soon?,  and again she jumps in, "Sir, can I see you now, (and a long pause) 
Please".  I look at the clock on the stove and it's 8:00 AM.  And calmly say,
Angel, what's your address, she chimes out the numbers and streets name and I
jot it down and answer, Give me 30 minutes and I hand up.

   I wander back into the bedroom and look for my clothes; I suppose I should
lay them out the night before?  Well now, I guess I've already discovered a new
job for my Angel... Ok let's see, Got dressed, keys in hand, bottle of good
wine, Toy satchel and another cup of coffee and out the door we go, I sure hope
the car starts? It would be one hell of a time to have that quit...

    I stop by the drug store and pick up chocolate (2) bars, Swiss milk
chocolate, creamy and decadent, a paper and a small tub of really good ice
cream, hard as concrete.  I pay, get my bag and go.

    I pull up in front of her apartment, looking the place over, getting my
bearings, what's around, what's nearby, Pizza shop across the street, I'm
thinking, OK that's dinner, by my car clock it's 8:35AM, I take several deep
breaths and slowly gather up my stuff, I see the upstairs drapes move as I
lockup the car, and I make my way to the door, the buzzer sounds letting me in
and I'm thinking wow! As I make my way up the stairs

  Theirs my Angel, holding the door open for me.  As I enter her apartment and
look around I can see she's neat as a pin dressed in a summer dress. I set down
my bags as she closes the door and locks it. I stand and watch her turn and face
me nervous as hell and I can't blame her, I know she has to be wondering what
the next few moments will bring?

   Angel, I want you to close your eyes and think of me, think about what we
discussed yesterday, I want you to listen to my voice, but most of all I want
you to slow your breathing, take deep breathes and let them out slowly, I work
with her to do this several times, I want you to relax and hear my voice,
rumbling ever so softly, a deep and somewhat raspy voice whispering to you, I
know you can feel my breath on your neck...You are alone with me for the first
time. My voice rumbles softly in her ear, deep and menacing. "There is nothing
you need to do. Just stand still and let it all happen, place your hands at your
side, and wait. You'll know if you need to do something. Relax." Angel, I
whisper and I hear a faint "Yes" come form you, as I suggest what I have in mind
for you.  I want you to stand perfectly still and only answer when I ask you a
question.  I have a blindfold and I am going to place it on you now, it will
help you focus and concentrate.  I want you to keep your eyes closed and stay
perfectly still, remember the only thing truly important is to obey my wishes,
do you understand Angel?  And again I hear "Yes Sir" very faintly. I say, Angle
I am going to begin your test now as my finger starts on your arm, stroking
lightly, slowly moving up. Soon you forget about that finger, innocently making
it's way up your arm, distracted by my other hand, which is capturing your
thumbs and pulling them behind your back. Without saying a word I sense you want
this, your desires heighten, your breathing quickens.  Just as both thumbs are
secure your attention it riveted to your throat, and the hand that is slowly
closing around it. You don't resist. You knew it would be like this when you
wrote me and said "Yes!" But you are very aware of my hands, their touching you,
gently, But all over you. Your control begins to slip away. I lift your chin
gently with my finger and press my lips to yours and we kiss, passionately, you
eagerly respond, leaving your hands behind your back as I support you're the
back of your neck and kiss you deeply for a long time, I can feel your pulse
quicken as you are truly getting into the pleasure of the moment, eagerly giving
me access to your tongue. 

  Angel I want you to continue to stand still right where you are as I examine
you, you can blush if you must,  I don't mind seeing some uncertainty but I
promise that I will be gentle with you. I pull up a chair and sit and wait and
watch, I enjoy taking my time, I am enjoying seeing you squirm just a little I
think to myself.

  Angel I am going to instruct you and you will answer "Yes Sir" to let me know
that you understood my instructions and then you will obey the instruction and
follow out my command.  

   Angel, remove your dress please, and I wait patiently to hear you say "Yes
Sir" and for you to execute your instructions, and I watch as you remove your
summer dress and ther before my eyes I see you in your bra and panties along
with nylons and garters.  I see you purchased the ones in the Victoria Secrets
showcase from yesterday, so I comment on what a lovely package I see before me
and how I look forward to unwrapping it personally.  I detect a smile coming
from you and I know you're not as apprehensive as you were to start. So I decide
to put a little edge back on the situation and with that I walk behind you and
unclip your bra and take it from you as I walk around in front of you I move
closer, close enough or you to feel my breath on your nipples. I observe them
getting hard and It's very difficult for me not to touch and kiss and enjoy what
I see before me. Surprisingly your hands remain behind you where they belong as
I now kneel before you, just inches away from your navel, blowing at it to let
you anticipate and linger as I tease you lovingly.

   I reach for my bag and take out the chocolate bar and break off a small piece
and place it against your lips gently.

   Angel, I want you to accept this reward for being such a good girl and I can
tell she's pleasantly surprised by the gesture and as she's in the mist of
enjoying the chocolate.  I begin to pull down her panties very slowly and I
observe my lovely Angel as she quickly inhales a deep breath, but holds her
place and says and does nothing As her most personal article is stripped form
her, ever so slowly. 

  There she stands, legs together, petrified, willing herself not to move a
muscle. Time to increase the level once again.

  Angel, I know your trying very hard to be a good girl for me and I thank you
and respect you for trying so hard.  There is however some things you need to
know.  Basic point of etiquette. Whenever I am near you and in private, I want
you to stand with your chest held out proudly and your feet at least 3 feet
apart, do you understand Angel? Again I hear "Yes Sir " Well!  And she Obeys and
I know she feels my breath on her body and I can see why she was somewhat
reluctant, this girl is hot, she's beyond wet, she's so excited I am surprised
she has this much composure.  I grab for my bag and take out the ice cream and
the little wooden spoon you get with those cups... I open the ice cream and
break some free and scoop it into my mouth and gently touch her inner thigh with
my fingers, teasingly toying with her as the ice cream melts in my mouth and get
my tongue cold I sneak up close where my finger has her nearly vibrating, I
gently take hold of several pussy hairs and teasing tug on them and her torso
tries to follow without moving and that's when my ice cold tongue traces a trail
up her inner thigh, I hear a squeal, shriek followed by an "Oh God".

    I don't know exactly why she broke silence, but she's shaking profoundly.  I
get up and put my arms around her and rub her back gently and whisper to her and
reassure her that everything's OK and she sobs as I hold her in my arms and
comfort her, I hear her exhale. As she whispers softly and says "Thank you".
Please Angle, Are you all right?  Yes, I just, You What Angel?  I just had an
orgasm, and you haven't touched me, I 'm afraid to think where this will go.

   Hey, it's OK. Even if you did disobey my instructions.  Oh, she remembers, 
Oh Sir, please I'm sorry, It's OK, I forgive you and I am going to give you
another chance,  but I do want you to stand perfectly still and be absolutely
quiet and I will continue test your will Angel and I tell her "lets see if you
can last longer than 40 minutes this time" as I take her hand and lead her to
the back of chair, fold your arms in front of you and place them here (as I
guide my blindfolded Angel) on the back of the chair and then place your
forehead against your forearms, bent foreword a little more, knees wide, back
straight. Angel, spread your legs, a little more, you comply as I admire you
tits swinging slightly, what a beautiful sight..

    Angel, I want you to stay perfectly still don't move a muscle and be
absolutely quiet, when I ask you if you understand you will answer " Yes Sir".
As time goes on Angel you're your training get tougher you will find yourself
wearing nipple clamps with small bells on them to alert me when you fail me. I
explain to her as I brush my fingers gently across her shoulders, I rub the
tension from them, in a deep and methodical massaging routine, I move gently
down her back very slowly and then I kneel beside her and focus in on her ankles
upwards ever so gently and eventually I focus my attentions to her breasts,
feeling for her nipple and rolling it between my fingers, holding it gently and
exerting downward pressure, stretching and not letting go, teasing and
maintaining the tension and then releasing the nipple and biting her on her ass
playfully, and then  repeating the same steps for the other nipple and lastly,
while stretching your nipple, I cup her pussy and rub it gently and trace the
outline with my finger as you jump involuntarily trying to capture my finger
within you.

   Angel, are you enjoying yourself? (As you continue to try and capture my
finger) and you answer "Ooh, Yes Sir",

    Angel is this my pussy to claim and play with?  Oh Yes Sir, pleassseee, So
Angel, this is my pussy, to touch and play with to hold and keep forever? (I ask
as I touch her clit and escalate contact, driving her wild) Well Angel aren't
you going to answer me?   Oh, Yes Sir, this is your pussy, Oh Pleeassee.

  Right now young lady you are very undisciplined, Like a wanton slut, and this
too is a good thing, it will serve you well to remember it, this lovely muscle
wants to be pleased, but when this muscle is trained, it is the most pleasurable
thing known to exist, I expect you to learn how to control those muscles, one
way this is done is through exercise, on occasion I will insert a roll of
quarters into a condom and gently place the roll into MY pussy the you have
given me and I will ask you to hold the quarters in place during our training
sessions or perhaps when we go for a walk, without panties of course, should you
gasp, whimper, make a sound or move while I toy with you I won't hesitate you
smack your butt for each act of disobedience or should you be very disobedient
and start throwing money around I will take you across my knee right then and
there.  I have a hunch your sexual arousal will become close to unbearable much
like it is now Angel, as I continue to heighten her arousal.

  Angel, do you need some relief, (I ask as I continue to tease the slit and
bump into her clit, keeping her at the edge of frustration.)

  Oh, Yes Sir, Please Sir..

  Very well then my sweet, I want you to turn sit on the chair and she eagerly
does just that.  I place my hands on her knees and tell her to open and lift her
knees for me as I get a front row seat just inches from her sweet pussy,  I take
her hands and hold them in my hands and kiss the back of her raised thighs. 
Angel, I want you to show me you willingness to obey, I am going to ask you
something that I know is going to be very hard for you to do.  I smack her butt
gentle to make sure she's paying attention, Angel, I want you to work your clit
with your finger while I watch you, show me what you do when you alone, and I
kiss the back of her thighs again so she realizes just how close I am watching
her, and with only the slightest hesitation she works that sweet pussy for all
it's worth, oh is she's hot, I give her a minute or so and hold her hands, and
pull them to her sides away from her pussy, causing her to tense up and moan in
frustration as I have planned to frustrate her even more by denying her the
climax and setting her mind on fire in search of sweet relief.   Angel, your
being such a good girl, I am going to grant you another reward and I observe her
opening her lips to accept the chocolate, I then slowly lower my lips to her
slit and begin to part the lips as she generously grants me access and thrusts
that sweet snatch into my mouth as I ride her clit with my tongue, making an
occasional side trip to her nether lips to gently tug on them with my teeth, and
each time she whimpers in protest which follows me driving my tongue deeply into
her trembling pussy while she comes for me over and over and over until I am
satisfied there isn't another one in there... As I listen to her wines, cries
and whimpers of unbelievable passion and joy. As I kiss a trail upward toward
her sweet lips and as our lips touched I could see she was near exhaustion, it
was time to rest. I picked her up in my arms, grabbed my bag, and took her to
the bedroom, kicked the door closed and placed her on the bed, and slid in
beside her and held her tightly in my arms as she drifted off to sleep...  I
smile to myself, only a little over an hour has passed since I walked in her
door and she's out like a light, as I remove her blindfold.

   I feel her stirring next to me and she places sweet kisses on my face and
lips as I awake to her smiling face to greet me and I reciprocate by indulging
in a long, slow and lingering kiss.  As I break off the kiss, I ask her if she's
ready for her first lesson?  Lesson, what would you teach me she asks, in a shy
and modest kind of way. You girl need to learn how to kiss and I have just the
way to do that, and command her to kneel, as I grab 5 wide releasable tie wraps
from my bag and take hold of her wrists and fasten one short wrap snuggly around
each wrist and instruct her to weave her fingers together and I place a long
wrap between the wrist wraps along and between the second and third knuckle,
preventing her from pulling her ands apart, then I place another long wrap on
the wrist side of her hands and instruct her to place her hands behind her neck
and I fasten this wrap around her neck, immobilizing her hands and arms. 

   I aid her in lying down on her back, and throwing off the covers as I center
her in the queen size bed.  I rummage through the toy bag, looking for a 10"
deep cycle vibe and sneak it into bed with us without her seeing it and drop it
between her legs as I use the same motion to make contact with her pussy and
begin anew, to wake the promise of joy within her with my touch, I kiss her
breasts as she encourages me thrusting her pelvis into the air.

   Angel,  I want you to raise and spread your knees for me and she quickly
complies granting my fingers the requested access as her juices begin too flow I
begin the insertion of the vibrator slowly, I hear nnnnnggghhhhh come from her
lips, I am not sure if that means faster or no as her ever roll upward as her
breath escapes in a gasp like action. I ask.

   Sweetheart, have you ever played with a vibrator before?  And after a couple
of moments I rotate the device, it's curved for enhanced stimulation and I know
this is already having the desired effect as the toy begins to find its natural
resting place.

  And I hear "No Sir".

(This particular one has a very heavy steel ball inside and I like the result of
the effect it has.)

   Angel,  put your knees together and she complies as she gets used to the
intruder.   So lastly I take the last long tie wrap and wrap both legs together
just above the knees and turn the vibrator on the lowest setting as she again
gasps aaaggghhhhh from the newness of the situation.  I rest my legs on top of
her knees to keep her still.

   As I focus in on her, I gently brush the hair from her eyes and I can see how
she's trying to take everything in that's happening to her, I see the effect as
she moans and our lips touch, she violently drives her tongue into my mouth and
in fevered passion and completely on fire she kisses with every ounce of passion
with in her as I turn the vibe up a notch, I see her muscles ripple as she tries
to get more contact from the kiss, all the while making those cute noises,
muffled between our tongues and the ecstasy she's taking in, devouring the
moment as I gradually increase the vibe over 20 minutes  to its highest setting,
I detect a cough like indication and I know she's Cumming, as I shut off the
devise and we continue our long, wet and sloop kiss, I ask her if she's like to
go again and she only moans the word please into my mouth as we begin again
driving her beyond the edge to the point of continues rapture.  I shut off and
remove my toy from her, leaving her bound as we rest, me, with her nipple in my
mouth, enjoying the moment.  Close to drifting off for a nap again, I am
interrupted by an, AH, Sir, AH, I must AH, What is it Angel?  I have to pee Sir,
Oh, OK, here let me help you, as I release the wrap from her knees and help her
up, she sits and waits at the edge of the bed for me.  I guess she's not
thrilled when she get the idea that I'm not going to release her and tell her to
"go on, you don't need hands to pee, if you do just call me and I'll help you,
she wasn't prepared for that and turned the brightest red I have ever seen on a
young lady. It looked Quite nice on her actually.. But I wasn't about to release
her...  So she went and endured, I was quite proud of her.  I met her on the way
back out of the bathroom and pulled her close and kissed her and she didn't for
get her recent lesson and put everything she had into the kiss, and I
mischievously felt for her snatch, to see if she remembered her basics... So I
whispered to her, aren't you supposed to spread this sweet pussy of mine
whenever you're close to me Angel? And she knew she'd been had.

   Angel, lets see if I can't remind you, to remember and so you'll have a
reason to remember as I led her back to the living room chair, where I took my
place and beckoned her to take her place across my knee, with her arms still
immobilized I helped her into position and I got her ass up nice and high, I
told her, "This is a truly sweet ass, well formed, proud and held high." As I
smacked halfway between both cheeks, as she shrieked and jumped, now at the same
time I let my other hand seek out her clit and I began in earnest to work that
clit so she came, while continuing my assault on her ass, one cheek at a time
with the other hand, continuous rapid slaps as she began to cum as her ass had
achieved the crimson color and total confusion set in when I asked her sweetly,
Do you want me to stop Angel?  "nnnnnggghhhhh." " nnnooooooo."  Was all I got
out of her, I took it as a No..

    That was the first weekend Angel and I spent together and there were over
100 splendid weekends to follow in the 2 years we were together, many escapades.
From clean fun in the bathtub, to deviant devices we constructed together, some
taken from books others taken from stories we read and some by our own design
and then we parted, she moved out of state and I stayed, I guess we were both
too work oriented, or maybe it was time for a change? 

    Sometimes, I do wonder about the other young lady, the one I never did
interview, that, and just how many sweet submissive Angels are out there,
looking to find, enjoy and endure the will of another such as I,  as I continue
my search for her..

    I do hope you enjoy my account of Angels Decent into the depths of passion;
I have always been a very private person and it would take allot of persuasion
for me to continue this literary endeavor and continue "As another might say"

The rest of the story.   If you have a comment or perhaps  your a fallen Angel
requiring some corrective therapy. 

By all means contact me:  Samul Joseph Wolf      (   co_sjw@yahoo.com  )




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Samul Joseph Wolf


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





