BDSM Library - At Play In the Bushes of the Lord




At Play In the Bushes of the Lord
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Martha married a 'good Christian man' who turned out to be a real pervert. Her new adventure had just begun.
If you don't like sex stories, don't read it.
If you are below the arbitrary age set for your area, don't read it.
If for any reason it is illegal for you to read this story, don't read it.

Copyright (c) 2000 Norm DePloom.  ALL Rights Reserved
This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written
permission of the author.  This story may be freely distributed with this notice
attached.  The author may be contacted at normdeploom@hotmail.com
All the characters and events in this story are fictional; any resemblance to
real people or events is entirely coincidental.




At Play In the Bushes of the Lord
By
Norm DePloom

Martha stood beside her new husband on the porch of the mission house and
watched the small steam powered riverboat puff it's way down river and
disappear around the distant bend.  She mentally reviewed the strange turn of
events in her life that had brought her to this remote South American outpost. 
Her goal was not so much to feel happy as it was to feel contented with her
life.  Mark's unpleasant attitude must be from the strain of the trip, she
thought, things will get better now. 
As the mousy daughter of a minister she had felt flustered at the attention paid
to her by the handsome missionary living with them during his year long leave
from the mission field.  Martha had just turned eighteen when he arrived, and
Mark was almost forty, but her parents did not seem to mind the age difference. 
When she mentioned his age to her mother she told her that a young girl needed
an 'older more responsible' man to take her in hand and 'protect and guide'
her.  Martha was frightened by Mark's stern visage, but as a young girl Martha
had dreamed of being a missionary, and 'preaching the gospel' to the
'savages' of the world, and in other ways Marks stern demeanor was
comfortingly paternal.
On the night before the wedding, just one week before they boarded the ship her
new husbands return to his mission post, her mother, with great embarrassment,
and much use of euphemisms explained her wifely duties to her.  Her mother told
her that she would be expected to perform her 'wifely duties' any time her
husband wanted, but that since Mark was a 'good Christian man' he would be
gentle and not expect too much of her.  It was explained to Martha that these
'wifely duties' were the price women had to pay for the honor of 'baring
children for the Lord'.
The next afternoon they were married in a simple ceremony performed by her
father.  They left that evening, by train, for New York, where they would
purchase the supplies for their coming trip to the mission post.  Despite the
'dire warnings' of her mother about her 'wifely duties', Martha's wedding
night was spent dosing on the train listening to the clickity-clack of the
wheels carrying them closer to their destination.  Martha had expected to see at
least some of the great city of New York while they made their purchases, and
prepared their luggage for the boat trip to South America. 
She was disappointed when Mark put her in a cheap Hotel room and insisted on
doing all of the shopping alone. He even took responsibility for buying her
clothes, saying he knew what she would need when they arrived at their new home.
Martha occupied her days by reading her Bible; writing in her journal, and
'really' cleaning the room after the maids were done. 
Martha avoided talking to the maids, they seemed very low and disreputable to
her.  The conversations she overheard seemed to indicate that more money was to
be made by being 'friendly' with the customers, than by cleaning their rooms. 
Martha did not have the experience to really know what these women were talking
about, but she guessed that it had something to do with 'harlotry'.  Martha
had no real knowledge of what a 'harlot' would do, except that it must be
something so degrading that a husband would not even ask his wife to do it.
The day they were to board the ship Martha was again left alone in the room
while Mark made last minute purchases and arrangements.  Sitting in the room,
her bags packed and ready to go, Martha wrote in her journal about her
confusion.  Mark had made no attempt to have her perform her 'wifely duties'. 
From the first night she had been prepared to be guided by her husband, doing
whatever he asked of her. 
Nervously she had waited each night for Mark to touch her, to indicate some
desire for her.  Now she pored out her disappointment and hurt on the pages of
her journal.  When Mark, and some rough looking men, showed up to collect her
and the luggage Martha was relieved.  The weather had been warming, and the tiny
hotel room was becoming unbearably hot.  Martha fanned herself and delicately
pulled at the collar around her neck as they were driven to the docks.
The trip to South America aboard the tramp steamer had been miserable.  The crew
was dirty and obscene.  The officers were only slightly better.  The cabin was
even smaller, and hotter than the hotel room had been.  Despite the oppressive
heat Martha chose to stay in the cabin as much as possible, and only go out on
deck in the company of her husband.  Mark on the other hand, spent much of his
time socializing with the officers, and men of the small ship.  He seemed to get
along with these disgusting people much better than Martha thought a 'good
Christian man' should.
Each leg of the journey led them to smaller dirtier quarters, fouler dirtier
people and hotter more humid weather.  Mark had stopped talking to her except to
issue orders as to where she was to stay, and how long she would have to wait
until he returned from making arrangements for the next leg of the trip.  The
final segment aboard the small steam powered boat up the river to the remote
station had been the worst. 
The 'captain' of the boat was a filthy, foul smelling, booze-guzzling dwarf
that looked like some depraved gnome from a children's fairy tale.  He
continued to stare at her, and make comments to Mark in some language unknown to
Martha.  Although she could not understand the language, Martha was sure the
comments being made about her were obscene and uncomplimentary, she began to get
angry at Mark for not reprimanding the disgusting little creature.  Once, when
Martha started to question Mark about allowing this behavior to continue, he
glared at her with obvious scorn and malice, then spoke apologetically to the
awful little man, who dissolved in paroxysms of laughter and made obscene
gestures.
Finally everything was off the boat, the mission house was opened, she was ready
to start the task of cleaning it, and making it a home, and the evil little man
was disappearing down the river.  Surely, she thought, Mark will be his old
caring self now.  Mark turned to her,
"Come with me." Was all he said, then turned and walked back into the mission
house.  As Martha turned to follow her husband, it suddenly struck her that she
was all alone with a man she barely knew, she had no way to communicate, and no
one to ask for help if she needed it.  She was totally dependent on Mark, and
the thought frightened her.
The mission house centered on the largest room, the 'sanctuary' where they
would be holding services for the converts.  The front door led from the porch
to the sanctuary, behind and to the side of the altar at the far end of the room
was a door leading into their living quarters.  The living quarters consisted of
a bedroom, a kitchen, a 'family' room and a small office. 
A door in the kitchen led to a back porch where there was a shower, and a path
leading to a small building at the edge of the clearing.  Martha followed her
husband down the isle between the wooden benches, around the altar, and through
the door into the Mark's office.  Mark moved the chair from behind the desk and
sat down.
"Come over here." He ordered sternly.  Martha walked over and stood in front
of her seated husband.  Without any warning or explanation Mark reached under
her dress and began to pull her panties off.  Martha started to pull back and
protest.
"Stand still."  The menace in Marks voice frightened Martha.  She stood still
while her husband pulled her panties down around her ankles.  Having someone
else's hands touching her thighs, and pulling her panties off, was a new
experience, and despite her fear, a pleasant one. 
"Step out of them." Martha obeyed, and stepped out of the panties, Mark picked
them up and held them.  "Go to the bedroom and bring me all of your panties,
bras and slips" Mark commanded, then added "NOW!" when she did not respond
immediately to his order.
Martha walked in a daze through the family room to the bedroom.  She felt
strange without panties on.  She had never in her whole life gone without
panties except when she was taking a bath.  She had to admit the dress moving
against her bare butt did feel exciting. 
Martha quickly hid one bra and one pair of panties in the back of her drawer,
then gathered up the rest of them and returned to her husband's office.  Her
feelings of confusion and fear increased as she walked back into the office and
saw her husband holding her dirty panties up to his nose and inhaling deeply
through them.  What kind of pervert have I married, she wondered.  Mark took the
bras and panties from his wife.
"Are you sure you brought me all of them?" he asked.  Martha hesitated then
answered.
"Yes" Mark looked at her skeptically.
"Before I count these, and punish you if they are not all here, I will give you
a chance to go back and search your drawer to make sure you did not
'accidentally' miss any.  Because, if you deliberately disobey me at any time
I will have to punish you severely."   Mark looked at his wife, hanging her
head in confusion.
"Now, go back and check, just to make sure." Martha's mind reeled as she
returned to the bedroom to retrieve the missing underwear.  Her mind spun with
questions, why is he being so mean, why did I come here, why am I getting so wet
'down there'.  Martha returned to her husband with the missing garments.  Mark
took them and added them to the pile on the desk.
"There is still one bra you haven't given me.  Take off the one you are
wearing."  Martha went back to the bedroom, removed her bra, put the dress back
on, then returned to her husband with the last of her under garments.  All of
the dressed Mark had purchased for her had long tight sleeves, a tight bodice
with buttons running down the front to the belted waist, and a full skirt down
almost to the ankles. 
Walking back to the office she felt her nipples getting hard.  She had never
been without a bra, except to bathe of sleep since her breasts first started
developing.  Like the rubbing of the dress against her but, the material rubbing
against her gently bouncing breasts was a new and stimulating experience. 
Martha returned and stood in front of her husband her face red with shame, her
last bra in her outstretched hand, her nard nipples poking against the material
of her dress, and her 'place' wet and open.  Mark took the bra, then picked up
a pair of scissors and began to cut the bras and panties into useless pieces.
"You will have no further use for these.  From now on you will wear only the
dresses I purchased for you.  Do you know why you will not be allowed to wear
panties?"  Martha shook her head 'no'.  Mark reached up under her dress and
felt her wet cunt.  "You are not allowed to wear panties because, as my wife,
you must be available at all times to satisfy my sexual needs."  He pushed a
finger into her wet opening.  Martha gasped, and her body jerked.  She had never
been touched there.  "In other words," Mark explained, "when I want to fuck
you I don't want to have a pair of panties in my way."
Martha's face turned deep red in embarrassment, her eyes leaked tears of shame,
how could her 'good Christian' husband talk to her this way.  Marks thumb
rubbed against her clit as he pushed his finger back inside her and Martha felt
like a jolt of electricity had run through her body.  Martha felt shame that her
husband would treat her like this, she felt even deeper shame that her body
would react as it was.  Mark pulled his finger out of her wet hole and let her
dress drop to the floor.
"Kneel down in front of me."  Mark pulled her down to her knees between his
legs.  "Do you know why your not allowed to ware a bra?"  Martha shook her
head 'no', tears running down her red face.  She wanted to run into the jungle
and hide in shame, but she couldn't, she was trapped.  She was more afraid of
the jungle than she was of Mark.  Mark began to unbutton the front of her dress. 
"I like breasts, " He unbuttoned her dress down to the button just below her
tits, then, reaching in he pulled each breast out and left it hanging over the
top of her dress. "and from know on I want to see yours all of the time." 
Martha squeezed her eyes shut in shame and sobbed as tears streamed down her
cheeks.
"Why," she sobbed "why are you doing this to me?"  She clung to his knees
and her whole body shook with her sobs.
"Because I want to.  You are my wife.  You promised to obey me.  Do you want to
break your wedding vows already?"
"NO!" Martha sobbed, breaking your wedding vows was one of the worst things a
woman could do.  She would obey him like she had promised, no matter how
humiliating it was, but she wondered again, why were her nipples so hard, and
why was she so wet 'down there'.  Mark lifted her by her shoulders.
"Up straight, just because you're kneeling, don't slump over."  Martha
straightened her back, and stopped sobbing.  Mark gently grasped her breasts,
and rubbed them, concentrating on her already hard nipples.  Martha moaned as
another gush of wetness flowed over the walls of her still virgin cunt. 
"Do you know what a 'blowjob' is?" Mark asked Martha as he manipulated her
breasts.
"No"
"Have you ever heard of 'cock sucking'?"  Martha recognized the obscene term
for a man's genitals but, do to her sheltered upbringing, she had never been
introduced to the concept of 'cock sucking'.  Her stomach turned as she
realized exactly what Mark was talking about.  Oh God no, she prayed, I can't
do that.  Mark handed her a dog-eared well-read paperback book. 
"The first chapter of this book describes how to give a man a 'blowjob'. 
Take this book to the bedroom and read the first chapter.  In one hour I will
ring this bell," Mark indicated a brass bell on his desk, "and you will return
to me here ready to perform every thing described in the first chapter of this
book.  Do you understand?" 
Martha felt like she was floating in some unreal dream world, these humiliating
things could not be happening.  How could they? How could a 'good Christian'
husband be making her do these things.  How could a 'good Christian' young
virgin be getting so hot and wet doing these things?  Mark grabbed her by the
shoulders and gave her a rough shake
"I said 'Do you understand?'"  Martha nodded her head weakly.
"Yes" was her almost inaudible reply.
"Then get up and go to your room." Mark turned and started to read silently
from the Bible open on his desk.  Martha felt like a naughty little girl being
sent to her room for punishment.  Her breasts swung gently from side to side as
she walked through the family room and with each step she could feel the sticky
wetness on her thighs.
Martha sat on the double bed in the bedroom and looked down at the book Mark had
given her to read.  She read the title "A Comprehensive Study of New York
Street Prostitutes" under the title she read "With interviews of many of New
York's best known prostitutes."  Martha stared off into space for a while,
then reached underneath her dress and felt the stickiness on her thighs, then
felt the puffed sticky opening of her vagina.  Martha had never touched herself
there before, except in a quick and business like manner when she washed herself
during her bath.  It felt good, sent a thrill through her, but not the bolt of
electricity that Mark's touch had caused.
Martha pulled her hand out from under her dress with a flood of deeper
humiliation and shame.  I can't do this, she thought, but deep inside her a
little voice answered, 'you know you want to'.  She opened the book to the
first chapter.  It was headed "A top New York Hooker Tells What Men Ask For
Most".  Martha read with increasing interest and apprehension  "Kay" the
prostitute's detailed description of how she gave men blowjobs that "kept them
coming back for more". 
Martha was repulsed and sickened by the thought of taking a man's penis in her
mouth.  Her humiliation deepened, Mark obviously had no respect for her.  How
could he make her walk around with her breasts showing and force her to read
this trash if he loved and respected her?  Then Martha read the last section,
the "Key to giving professional quality blow jobs".  Here Martha read that the
key to 'top quality' blowjobs was to 'act like the man's cock is God' and
that you are 'worshiping it with your mouth'.
Martha turned pale.  This was blasphemy, sacrilege, idolatry, Mark could not
really want her to pretend that his... his..., she could not even think the word
that Kay used in the book, was God and worship it.  He would be asking her to
put her soul at risk.  No, she thought, I can't do that, he can't really want
me to do that. Martha jumped off the bed and rushed back to the office.  Martha
stopped just inside the office door and held the book out in her left hand, with
her fright hand she pointed at the book.
"Mark you can't possible..." Mark stood up with such force that his chair
slammed against the wall startling Martha and causing her to pause mid sentence
and look up.  She looked up from the book just in time to see Mark storm across
the room.  Grabbing her by the hair, he looked menacingly into her face.
"Are you stupid? Or disobedient?"  He waited for an answer.  Martha was
stunned, she rubbed her cheek and started speaking in a stuttered rush trying to
explain why she had disobeyed Mark.  The only word that came out clearly was
'idolatry'.  
"According to the Bible I am the head of the house.  That means I do the
thinking not you.  I will tell you what is idolatry and what is not.  Do you
understand that?" Martha sniffed and tried to stifle her sobs.
"Yes"
"Now, do you understand what you were told to do?"
"Yes"
"Repeat it back to me so I can be sure."
"You...you ...said....said ...to...to go to the bedroom and read the first
chapter of this book." Martha held the book up in her left hand.
"What else?" Mark asked.
"To return when you rang the bell and be prepared to do everything described in
the first chapter of this book."  Martha had come into the room feeling like an
adult woman ready to confront Mark, now she was feeling like a disobedient
little girl again.
"Have I rung the bell?"
"No"
"So, since you understand your instructions, that means you are being
disobedient, but since I love you I will not punish you this time.  If you ever
disobey me again I will give you twice the punishment.  Do you understand
that?"  He stared directly at her forcing her to cast her eyes down to the
floor.
"Yes" she replied meekly.
"Then get your bare tits back in the bed room and prepare yourself to suck my
cock."  Mark released her hair and spun around to return to his desk.  Martha
stumbled and almost fell when her hair was released, then she recovered and
walked slowly and uncertainly back into the bedroom.  She looked out the window
and noticed that it had started raining so hard she could not see across the
clearing to the jungle beyond.  I couldn't possibly survive out there, she
thought, I'm going to have to do what he wants.  I can just pretend to worship
his penis, I don't have to really worship it.
Martha felt degraded, humiliated and filled with shame.  She could not
understand herself, the more degraded, humiliated and shamed she was the wetter
and more sensitive her vagina seemed to become.  She was so wet it was oozing
out onto her thighs, and her vagina was so sensitive that just squeezing her
thighs together stimulated her.  This response of her body shamed and humiliated
her even more.
Martha opened the book and read the chapter three more times.  She was just
reading Kay's claim that worshipping the cock is the only way to give a top
quality blow job and that "...this is why the best blow jobs are given with the
woman on her knees, that's the natural position for worshipping.", when the
bell started ringing.  Martha stood up and walked like she was in a trance.  She
walked through the kitchen and stopped just inside the office door. Mark looked
up at her and smiled.
"Come over here honey." He said sweetly.  Martha walked across the office and
stood in front of her husband.  Mark reached up and massaged her bare breasts.
"Are you ready to suck my cock?"
"Yes" Mark let her breasts go and reached up under her dress.
"Spread your legs dear." Martha spread her legs, and Mark felt her wet sticky
thighs and cunt. "From know on I don't want to have to tell you to spread your
legs.  Whenever I reach for your cunt you are to spread your legs without being
told.  Do you understand?" Martha blushed at the coarse language being used by
her 'good Christian' husband.  She felt more ashamed and humiliated having her
vagina referred to as a 'cunt'.  Mark slipped a finger into her, his thumb
rubbed against her clit.  Her body jerked, Martha felt like electric fire ran
through her body.  She moaned softly as his finger slipped in and out of her
virgin cunt and his thumb rubbed over her clit.  Mark removed his fingers and
let her dress drop. "You'll be ready to fuck soon, but right now you are going
to suck my cock. Now kneel."  Martha was so overcome with shame and humiliation
that she fell to her knees and wept in front of her husband.  She hung her head
and spoke softly.
"Why are you humiliating me this way?  To talk like that about me, it shames
me."  She held her head down hoping he would not punish her for speaking.  Mark
leaned close to her ear and spoke softly to her.
"And the shame makes you hot and wet.  Your cunt is oozing fuck juice like a
slut.  You want me to talk about 'making love'.  I will make love to you at
times, but this after noon I am going to fuck you.  You are going to learn what
fucking is about, and you are going to learn what a slut you really are." 
Martha continued to hang her head and feel the shame and humiliation, and Mark
was right with every wave of shame and humiliation she got wetter.  She felt
like the sticky wetness was running down almost to her knees.  Mark leaned back
in his chair and laced his fingers together behind his head "Now show me what
you have learned about cock sucking."
Martha reached for her husbands belt buckle, Mark grabbed her hand and held it,
Martha started to panic, what have I done wrong she wondered.  "Ask
permission" Martha swallowed hard twice.
"May I... May I..." Mark leaned forward and gently held her head, a hand on
each cheek.
"Say 'Husband may I suck your cock'." Martha tried to look away, tried not
to let Mark see her shame and humiliation, but Mark held her head and forced her
to look right at him ."Say it."
"Hu..hu..husband ma..my I su..suck your co..co..cock?" Tears streamed down her
cheeks, she wanted to run away in shame, but she had no place to run, no one to
call for help.  Mark continued to hold her head and stare into her eyes.
"Yes wife you may suck my cock." He released her head and leaned back again. 
Martha could see the bulge in his pants where his cock was pushing against the
zipper.  She reached up and unbuckled his belt, then unhooked and unzipped his
pants.  Mark lifted his but off the chair and Martha pulled his slacks and his
shorts down revealing his hard cock.
The religious schools Martha had attended had made every effort to protect her
and the other students, especially the females, from any form of sex education. 
For this reason Martha had only vague ideas about what a cock looked like, or
what happened when it got 'hard'.  She reached out and gently grasped her
husbands cock with her right hand.  Mark's cock fascinated her.  She forgot
about shame and humiliation and began to stroke her hand up and down his cock,
feeling the different textures of skin as her hand moved from the shaft to the
velvety feeling of the head.  She began to gently massage his large balls with
her left hand, and leaned forward and tentatively licked the crevice on the
underside of the cockhead.   She giggled when the cock jerked at the touch of
her tongue to it's most sensitive spot.  She licked down the underside of the
shaft until she reached his pubic hair, then ran her tongue back up to his
cockhead.
This isn't so bad, she thought.  She held his cock shaft with her right hand
and licked around his cockhead with her wet tongue.  She circled the head twice,
then summoning up all of her courage took the whole cockhead into her warm
mouth.  She was rewarded by a shudder running through her husband body, and a
low moan and "ho God yes" coming from his mouth.  She pulled her mouth off his
cockhead and ran her tongue up and down his cock shaft again.  She licked back
up to the cockhead and circled it with her tongue.  She repeated this several
times before she once again took his cock head into her mouth.  As his cockhead
slipped into her mouth again Mark placed his hands on her head and gently pushed
her further down on his hard cock.
"Oh God take it all in." he pushed on her head forcing her mouth further down
on his shaft.  His cockhead started to push at the back of her throat, almost
hitting her gag point.  Martha remembered the advice of Kathy from the book and
began to pump his cock shaft with her right hand to give the allusion that more
of his cock was in her mouth.  Mark relaxed his grip on her head, and just
guided her tempo as she moved her mouth up and down his cock shaft and ran her
tongue over his cockhead.
Unused to having anything this big in her mouth, Martha's jaw soon grew tired
and began to tremble and cramp.  Mark pumped her mouth faster and faster up and
down his hard cock shaft until his body tensed, and Martha felt a flood of hot
cum in the back of her mouth.  She remembered the rule from the book, "If he
shoots in your mouth swallow it.  It he shoots anywhere else let it stay." and
began to desperately swallow his orgasmic flood.  It seemed to go on forever,
she swallowed as much of the cum flood as she could, but some leaked out around
her lips and ran down her chin.  Finally he stopped spurting and pulled his cock
out of her mouth.  Martha collapsed backward until she was laying on her side on
the floor.  She licked her lips, and for the first time actually tasted the cum
she had been swallowing.  She didn't really like the slightly salty musky
flavor, but it wasn't going to make her sick.  Mark leaned back in his chair,
his cock rapidly shrinking.  Booth of their bodies were covered with sweet, and
their cloths were soaked through.
"Stand up." Mark ordered after they had both caught their breaths.  Martha
stood before her husband with a sly smile on her face.  I did it, she thought, I
sucked his cock, and there is nothing he can do to humiliate me beyond that. 
Mark pulled her closer and sucked on her nipples.  He reached under her dress
and massaged her butt cheeks.  Martha closed her eyes and enjoyed the sensations
coming from her hard nipples. Mark released her nipple, then picked up the him
of her dress.  He rolled the front of her dress up until he reached her belt,
then he tucked the front of her dress under the belt.
"Turn around." Martha turned, and watched herself in the mirror on the wall
while he rolled up and tucked in the back of her dress.  Martha studied her
reflection, her breasts hanging out over the bodice of the dress, her nipples
hard from being sucked.  The front of her dress was draped to expose and frame
her lower belly, her pubic hair and the lips of her vagina pouting out from the
surrounding hair and glistening with her wetness.  I was wrong, she thought with
a sinking feeling, he can humiliate me more.  She knew that when he was done her
butt and thighs would be exposed and framed the same way her sex was from the
front.  This was worse than being nude, the clothing covering every other part
of her body, and framing her sexual parts made them all the more naked and
exposed.  She was being put on display, and it humiliated her even beyond what
she felt kneeling in front of Mark and taking his cock in her mouth.
"As much fun as getting my cock sucked was, we need to get some real work done
around here today.  Get the broom and, here" he reached down and retrieved a
cut up pair of her white cotton panties, "use this for a dust cloth.  Sweep and
dust the sanctuary, and be sure to polish the altar, we need to get it ready for
a ceremony."   Martha wandered into the kitchen and picked up the broom.  As
she walked back to the sanctuary she wondered what he had meant by ceremony
instead of worship service.
Martha started behind the altar, and swept the floor moving the collecting dirt
toward the door leading out onto the porch.  On each side of the door there were
large windows.  Neither the door nor the windows had shutters or glass, they
were open holes in the wall, protected form the drenching rain by the porch
roof, but open to let air flow through the building.  Every second she worked
Martha was aware of her swaying breasts, her rounded butt, and her wet sticky
cunt.  There was no way she could turn or maneuver that would not allow anyone
who happened to be watching to see some secret, private part of her body now on
display.  As she swept the dirt closer to the open door Martha could not shake
the feeling that she was being watched.  She approached the door with the dirt,
and realized she would have to go out on the porch to finish the job.  She would
be exposed on three sides.
She stood for a long moment beside the door leaning against the wall before she
calmed her shame and humiliation enough to sweep the dirt out the door and
across the porch.  As she turned to go back inside the mission she caught a
leave moving.  Her worst fears were confirmed, she was being watched.  Martha
rushed back into the building and ran the length of the sanctuary, she collapsed
behind the altar sobbing with shame and humiliation.  Her 'good Christian'
husband was putting her private sexual parts on display for the enjoyment of the
savage natives.  The tension of the last weeks, the shame and humiliation
earlier today had left her exhausted, and she fell asleep sobbing on the floor
behind the alter.
Martha woke up and heard her husband's footsteps approaching.  She quickly sat
up and leaned her back against the alter, her bare but setting on the rough
wooden floor.  Mark came around the end of the altar and looked down at his wife
huddled against it's back.
"What are you doing here?" he asked gently.
"There's someone out there" she whispered.
"Yes, they almost always have someone watching the mission, but they are a
gentle tribe, they wont hurt you."  He squatted down beside her.
"They can see me." She hissed.
"Of course they can see you, they aren't blind." He answered like he was
speaking to a small child.  Fresh waves of humiliation swept over Martha,
generating fresh waves of wetness in her exposed cunt.
"No, they can see ME." She placed emphasis on the 'me' making a vague jester
toward her crotch.  Mark sighed like he was dealing with a small, not to bright
child.
"Tell me EXACTLY  what parts of you they can see, that you don't want seen."
"Ma...ma...my bosom,  my va..vagina, my"
"STOP IT RIGHT NOW." Martha jumped and cringed. "Those aren't the words I
want to hear.  Your acting like a small child.  You know the words to use now
use them." Tears steamed down her cheeks.  Her face contorted as she tried to
frame words she had never said, or even thought before.  How could he be doing
this to me, she thought again.  This must be worse than actually getting raped. 
Mark waited while she got herself under control.  Then she spoke very slowly and
concisely.
"They can see my breasts, they can see my cunt and they can see my ass."
Would this humiliation piled on top of humiliation ever end.
"Of course they can, your exposing yourself to the whole world."  Martha was
dumbfounded, he talked like dressing this way was her idea.  Mark took her arm
and pulled her to her feet.
"Come with me."  She resisted, but Mark was stronger than her and pulled her
along through the sanctuary and out onto the porch.  He stood her facing out
into the jungle, and stood behind her.  He pulled her arms up and placed her
hands on top of her head
"Keep your hands on your head." He ordered.  Then he pulled her close to him
and reached around her and began to jiggle her breasts with his hands.  He
squeezed and pulled at her nipples until they were rock hard and stood out a
quarter inch from her breast.  She saw movement in the bushes, but could not see
any people.  Martha tried to hide her face in shame.  Mark released her breasts
and reached both hands down to her cunt.
"Spread your legs dear".  He spoke as calmly as he would if they were in bed
making love, giving no indication that she was being humiliated beyond
endurance.  Martha spread her legs and Mark started working her cunt with both
hands.  Pulling her pussy lips apart and inserting first one then two, then
three fingers into her hot wet virgin cunt.  Martha closed her eyes in shame and
humiliation.
"Oh please, don't do this anymore.  Don't humiliate me like this. I can't
bear it."
"Can't bear it?  Your cunt is so wet I could stick a baseball bat up there. 
You should be glad I didn't bring one with me." Mark worked his fingers in and
out of her cunt.
"Your such a slut you get wet being finger fucked in front of a bunch of
savages."  Martha lost control of her hips and she began to hump herself on
Marks fingers. 
"The wonder of the world, you've heard of the virgin mother, well you're the
virgin slut.  You're a virgin, but you want it so bad you're fucking your self
on my fingers." Marks words burned into Martha.  She was humiliating herself in
front of unseen savages, fucking her self on Marks fingers.  She could feel has
hard cock pressing into her back and she pushed herself against it as she humped
her cunt on his fingers.  Then a white light seemed to explode in her head, her
mind whirled, it felt like the kind of religious experience she had read about. 
Her body tightened and jerked. Her wet hot cunt clutched at Marks fingers.
"OH GOD DON'T STOP. OH GOD OH GOD..." her calling upon the almighty trailed
off as the orgasm subsided.  Mark pulled his fingers out of her cunt and hugged
her against himself.  He stuck his fingers in her slack mouth and she began to
lick and suck the sticky wetness off without thinking what it was she was
licking.
"So my little slut bride has had her first orgasm.  What humiliations will she
endure to have another one?"  Mark turned and led Martha into the sanctuary. 
Martha followed her husband up the central isle to the altar.  Mark stood in
front of the altar facing her.
"Kneel" Martha knelt in front of her husband, her breasts, cunt and ass still
exposed. "Now, ask me to fuck you."  Martha hung her head and stared at the
floor in front of her.  She was acutely aware of the bulge in Marks pants just
inches from her face.  She remembered the feel of his cock in her mouth, and the
taste of his cum on her tongue.  Yes she wanted his cock in her hot wet cunt,
she wanted it so bad she ached for it, but she still could not bring herself to
say that word he wanted to here from her.
"Would you make lo..." She started to ask.
"NO! THAT'S NOT HOW YOU ASK!" Mark leaned forward and spoke to her with his
mouth so close to her ear she could feel his breath.  "You know the words I
want to hear.  You will ask me using these exact words, 'Husband will you
please fuck my cunt' and you will ask loud enough for me to hear you if I was
standing on the porch.  You will do it now, or you will be put on display on the
front porch for the savages to gawk at."  Martha's whole body was trembling. 
She felt waves of shame and humiliation alternating with waves of excitement and
lust.  Her moisture was oozing from her open cunt down her legs.  Her nipples
were hard with anticipation.
"Husband will you please f...fu...fuck my cu..cunt?"  She asked with a
trembling voice.  Mark removed his shirt.
"Say it again, louder"
"Husband will you please fuck my cunt?" This time her voice was stronger,
still choked with a combination humiliation and lust, but not trembling like
before.
"Remove my pants."  Martha reached up and unbuckled her husband's belt, then
unhooked the waistband of his pants.  She pulled his pants and shorts gently
over the huge bulge of his hard cock and let them fall to the floor around his
ankles.  Mark stepped out of his pants and kicked them aside. 
"Kiss my cock" Martha leaned forward and gently kissed the end of her husbands
hard rod.  Feeling a drop of moisture transfer from the tiny slit on his
cockhead to her lips, she licked her lips clean and tasted her husband's potent
fluids. 
"Tell me what you want me to do with my cock."  Martha spoke looking directly
at the slit in his cockhead only inches from her eyes.
"I want you to fuck my cunt with it."  The feelings of lust were overpowering
the feelings of shame and humiliation, and her voice was heavy with it.
"You want me to fuck your virgin cunt with my hard cock?"
"Yes."  Mark offered her his hand, then helped her stand up and walk to the
end of the altar.  A stool had been placed there to make it easier for her.  She
stepped up onto the stool, then laid down on her back on the altar.  Her dress
fell away on both sides, and her bare ass rested on the smooth wood.  Mark
climbed up onto the altar with her and pushed her legs apart and bent her knees. 
There were two carved pieces of wood, one on the front of the altar, and one on
the back.  Martha had examined them earlier when she cleaned the altar, and had
wondered what their purpose was.  Now she found out as Mark placed each of her
feet on one, holding her legs bent and open.  He pulled gently on her thighs and
she scooted toward him spreading her legs further and opening her wet cunt to
his view.
Mark was on his knees, sitting back on his ankles between her spread legs.  His
hard cock stood up from his bush of black pubic hair.  He placed a hand on each
of her knees, then began to move them slowly down the inside of her thighs
towards her virgin pussy.  Martha's body trembled as the hands moved closer to
her most private part. 
She was eager to feel his hard cock inside her, but she was also apprehensive. 
She had been told only bad things about sex.  How it hurt the first time.  It
was dirty and messy. It was something women had to 'put up with' for there
husbands and in order to have babies.  But her aching wet cunt was telling her
it wanted to be fucked, and it wanted to be fucked now.  The thrust her hips up
trying to push her cunt against his fingers as they approached her hairy cunt
hole.
Mark would have none of it, he moved his fingers away until she whimpered and
stopped thrusting her hips at him.  Then he teasingly ran just the tip on one
finger over her clit and around the edges of her glistening pussy lips.  A soft
low begging moan escaped from her lips. 
Mark continued to tease her with the single fingertip running down below her
cunt to her puckered asshole.  He gently circled her rear hole, then moved
slowly back up to the bottom of her cunt slit.  He let his finger slip into her
cunt up to the first joint.  Then he gently moved it up her inner cunt wall on
one side then down the other.  Then as he sank his finger all the way into her
hungry cunt he began to gently rub his thumb over her engorged sensitive clit.
"Ohhh God, please fuck me, please do it..." her lust was fully in control now,
the shame and humiliation temporarily forgotten as her whole body screamed out
for the fulfillment of it's natural purpose.  Mark pulled his finger out of her
slippery cunt hole and leaned forward
"Yes, yes, yes" Martha chanted thinking the time had come for her first
fucking.  Mark took her hands and pulled them over her head, and tied them to
the altar with a rope.  Then he quickly tied each of her ankles in place with
ropes.  Martha realized that she was being tied to the altar.  How silly, she
thought, I'm not going to run, I want him to fuck me.  She felt exhilarated,
having used the words cunt and fuck without having been forced to.
Mark leaned over her, his cockhead rested on her cunt opening, he lowered his
head and began to suck on her right nipple.  He sucked hard, almost to the point
of pain.  Martha gently thrust her hip up hopping to force some of his cock
inside her.  Mark moved back causing her to whimper in disappointment.   As Mark
moved to her left nipple, Martha heard a noise and turned her head to look
towards the back of the sanctuary.
"Oh god no." she gasped.  Mark ignored her comment and continued to suck on
her nipples moving back and forth from one to the other as he teased her cunt
opening with his cockhead.  Martha watched in horror as natives began to fill
the room.  Men, women, children, babies being carried by their mothers filed
into the sanctuary and took seats on the benches. Old women with sagging breasts
and young girls with swollen just-starting-to-grow breast cones topped with dark
nipples. 
Both sexes wore only a small scrap of cloth, just enough to cover their
genitals, and nothing more except paint and feathers to decorate their otherwise
bare bodies.  After all the others had seated themselves, two beautiful young
girls with breasts just big enough to begin to sag walked in and down the isle. 
They parted and stood one at each end of the altar.
"Please Mark don't do this."  All of the shame and humiliation flooded back
drowning her lust.  She realized that she had indeed been on display all day, so
the members of the tribe could get a good look at her.  Now she understood why
her husband had spoken of a ceremony instead of a worship service.  They were
here to witness her deflowering.  She started to buck her hips, trying to push
Mark off.
 "No, I won't do this.  You can't do it to me like this.  Why are you shaming
and humiliating me?"  Mark put his wait on her to stop her from bucking her
hips, he spoke to her in whispers.
"They are not here to see you shamed and humiliated.  That is only your
cultural hang up.  They are here to honor you and me by witnessing the
consummation of our marriage.  They also feel honored that they are allowed to
witness your deflowering.  Most girls in this tribe are deflowered by the time
the are eleven or twelve, long before the pick a mate and consummate a
marriage."  Martha had stopped struggling and listened to Mark.  She still felt
shame and humiliation, but the shame and humiliation fed her lust. 
"I will fuck you, and they will watch.  You can cooperate, or it can be a rape. 
If it turns into a rape they will just write it off as the natural result of our
strange customs, waiting to long to fuck a girl the first time."  While he
spoke Mark gently moved the underside of his cock shaft up and down over her
cunt opening and her clit.  Her lust fed by his cock action and by her feelings
of shame and humiliation began to build.  She would not fight him that would
just make a spectacle shaming and humiliating her self even more.
Mark felt her body relaxing under him and knew she would fight no more.  He
unbuttoned her bodice down to the waistline, then retrieved a pair of scissors
from behind the altar and cut the remaining part of the dress.  The dress fell
away leaving Martha naked on the altar. 
She blushed from her hairline all the way to her nipples.  Her Midwestern
modesty was stretched to the breaking point.  She turned her head away from the
room full of natives and tried to pretend she was in bed on her wedding night
and Mark was her new understanding husband deflowering her with kindness and
gentleness.  She tried to forget that she was tied to an altar with a husband
who would publicly rape her if she did not cooperate.
Mark sucked her nipples, nibbled and kissed every inch of her exposed skin,
while his hands roamed over her caressing her body in places that were rarely
touched even by her self.  As her lust began to build again Martha found that
reality, being tied to an altar and fucked in front of these natives, excited
her lusts more than the fantasy, being on her wedding night with a kind and
loving husband. 
She began to thrust her hips, humping her hot, sticky, wet cunt against the
underside of Marks large hard cock.  A wave of lust even more potent than the
last washed over her, pushing aside thoughts of shame and humiliation.  It
pushed aside her Midwest modesty, and her parochial morality.  It washed away
her Christian upbringing and left only an animal lust craving to be fucked.  Her
body was drenched in sweat.  Their sweating bodies slipped and slid against each
other, she felt like her entire body was covered with pussy slime.
"GOD DAMN IT FUCK ME YOU BASTARD!  FUCK MY HOT CUNT TILL I DROP!  I WANT
YOUR HARD COCK!"  Martha shocked herself, she could never have imagined herself
even thinking these things, and much less shouting them in a lust induced frenzy
in front of a room full of naked natives.  Mark, his own animal lust reaching a
peak, reared back displaying his nine inches of hard cock before crouching over
like a panther about to pounce and thrusting his cockhead into her gapping wet
virgin fuck hole.
Mark and Martha both roared and growled like animals as they thrust against each
other working the full length of his rock hard cock into her lust drenched cunt. 
Mark reached over her head and grabbed her tied wrists, he pushed and pulled
moving his sweat lubricated body up and down over hers as he thrust his cock
deeper and deeper into her grasping cunt.  His body moved back and forth over
her breasts with each thrust, his hairy chest dragging over her hard nipples
stimulating them and feeding her overwhelming lust.
Martha turned her head and looked at the natives.  Their lust was contagious,
the natives were beginning to engage in sex.  Some of them were fucking on the
benches, some on the floor, and some leaning up against the walls.  Everyone
from the oldest men and women to ten and eleven year old boys and girls were
busy fucking each other. 
Martha was shocked at the sight, then she was shocked more when she realized how
much it was feeding her lust to watch this uninhibited group fuck fest.  Martha
turned her head back to look at her husband.  Just as his mouth descended on
hers Martha noticed that the two young girls standing at each end of the altar
were not fucking anyone.  She felt sorry for them, why should they be left out?
Mark kissed his wife while he pounded his hard cock harder and harder into her
wide-open cunt.  Martha was surprised, this was a kiss unlike any she had ever
dreamed of.  This was no dry peck, Mark was tongue fucking her mouth.  Thrusting
his tongue into her mouth in unison with his hard cock thrusting into her fuck
hungry cunt.  The first wave of orgasm flowed over her mind and body, her cunt
began to spasm and grasp at Marks thrusting cock.  She sucked on his tongue as
it fucked in and out of her mouth.  She spread her knees as far apart as she
could to increase the contact between her lust-crazed body and her husband's.
Mark drove his tongue and his cock into the depths of her mouth and cunt then
his body tightened and began to jerk.  Martha could feel the huge cock spasming
inside her newly fucked hole and responded with orgasmic waves of her own. 
Martha laid on the altar, her body totally covered by her husbands her mouth
filled with his probing tongue and her cunt filled with his cock spewing hot
cum, and she knew what it meant to be possessed by a man, to be 'taken'.  Now
she knew, and she knew she never wanted to have sex any other way.
They layed together their bodies spasmed with wave after wave of orgasm.  After
what seemed like an eternity the orgasmic spasms died away and Marks softening
cock slipped out of her slimy well-fucked cunt hole.  It was followed by a
stream of his cum that dribbled down across her ass and pooled on the altar
below her.
Mark climbed off the altar leaving Martha tied and on display.  He accepted a
towel from one of the young girls standing at the end of the altar and dried
himself.  Martha closed her eyes and relaxed, she, at least for the moment did
not care if she was tied up or if she was on display.  She laid and luxuriated
in the after glow of a well-done fucking.
Martha lost track of time, she was almost asleep on the altar when she began to
feel gentle hands touching her.  She opened her eyes to see the tribe gathered
around the altar.  Martha was startled at first, but it was obvious that none of
them meant her any harm.  They were curious, they had never seen a white woman
before.  The felt her breasts, they ran their hands over her hair, face and
mouth. 
The women seemed to be just as interested as the men.  One of the older women
fingered her pubic hair and chattered to the rest of them.  They seemed to be
mainly interested in her hair, they had very little body hair, and her healthy
bush of pussy hair seemed to be a great fascination to them.  Martha looked
around and saw her husband standing off to the side with an arm around each of
the beautiful young altar girls watching as the natives investigated her body. 
She closed her eyes, and felt like she was floating.
Martha opened her eyes with a start, she nude, laying on her bed with only the
mosquito netting over her.  Her head spun as a rush of memories crashed over her
mind.  She saw flashes of a second fucking by her husband on the altar, another
mind shattering orgasm, another round of orgy fucking by the congregation.
Then memories of the two altar girls untying her, helping down from the altar,
gently washing her body and helping her get into bed.  She remembered an early
morning fucking from her husband and a comment that he would not have to do
without is morning fucks anymore.  She remembered a gentle orgasm and falling
into a deep sleep.  She struggled to sit on the bed. Waves of shame and
humiliation followed the memories. 
Shame and humiliation worse than any she had felt yesterday.  Yesterday's shame
and humiliation had been caused by things that were done to her.  Today's shame
and humiliation were caused by things she had said and done her self.  Just as
yesterday, her shame was compounded by the betrayal of her own body as the
humiliation sparked the lust and her cunt began to get wet.
Martha stood up and looked at herself in the mirror.  She made a halfhearted
attempt to straighten her hair.  She opened the closet intending to put on a
dress, and wear it right, in spite of her husbands orders, but all of her
dressed had been replaced. 
The new dresses had been cut down the front so she would have no choice but to
let her breasts hang over the bodice.  The front and back had been cut and
re-hemmed to leave her lower stomach, crotch and thighs visible in the front and
the ass and thighs visible in the back.  I should just go naked, she thought,
that would be more decent than these..what did he call them..'uniforms'.  My
slut uniforms.
Martha took one of the dresses out of the closet an put it on.  She watched
herself in the mirror and saw herself transformed from a nude young female to a
young fuck hungry slut.  At least that's what she looked like in her
'uniform'.  It was time for her morning bible study.   She picked up her Bible
and sat on the edge of the bed.  She knew large parts of the Bible by heart, and
she could not think of a single verse that would give her comfort in this
situation. 
She opened her Bible at random, and found herself reading the 'Song of
Solomon'.  For the first time in her life she really saw the erotic nature of
this Psalm.  She had to stop reading, she was starting to get wet.  She buried
her head in her hands and started to sob almost hysterically.   In only two
weeks she had gone from a devout young Christian virgin to an unholy sacrificial
victim, having her virginity sacrificed in some perverted pagan ceremony.
Martha paced around the small room in her 'slut uniform' trying to work out
what to do.  I can't control what Mark does, she thought, if he wants to tie me
to the altar and fu..ah have sex with me every day I can't stop him.  But I can
control how I react.  He can tie me to the altar and have sex with me, but I
don't have to yell...well...what I yelled last night when he does.  My body may
betray me, the flesh is week, but I can control what I think and do and I can
serve the Lord as best I can. 
Maybe I will have the opportunity to witness to those two young altar girls.  A
flood of jealousy swept over her as she remembered seeing her husband with an
arm around each of them while he watched the natives inspecting her body.  She
remembered his cock was standing out hard and long. 
It was shortly after that when he climbed back up on the altar and fucked...ah
had sex with me again.  Her cunt gushed wetness as she remembered the feel of
his cock penetrating her the second time.  Oh God help me get these memories out
of my head, she prayed.  She stopped walking, her thighs were pressing against
her cunt lips and stimulating her more with each step.
Martha fell to her knees and rested her elbows on the bed.  She tried to pray
for relieve, but the memories of last night kept flashing through her mind. And
with each memory waves of shame, humiliation and lust crashed over her.  She
heard the bronze bell ring in the office. 
She stood up. Oh my God, she thought, he wants sex already.  But already a
conditioned response was starting and her pussy responded with and extra gush of
lubrication. She walked to the office, once again acutely aware of her exposed
breasts, ass and cunt.   When Martha entered the office her husband looked up.
"You look radiantly beautiful this morning" Martha smiled, rarely had anyone
called her beautiful.  "You are attaining that 'just fucked' glow I like so
much in a woman."  Martha's smile disappeared she felt like she had been
crudely insulted. In her world only a whore or a slut would have a 'just
fucked' 'glow' about them, and they would do their best to hide it. 
She noticed that the two altar girls were sitting on the floor by the window and
her jealousy flared, she was about to say something about them when Mark spoke
again. 
"I can't fuck them yet, but they are making me real horny so come over her and
suck my cock for me."  He pushed his chair away from the desk and turned to
give her access to his already hard cock that was sticking out through the fly
of his boxer shorts.  She thought it was truly the most obscene thing she had
ever seen, and she was going to have to put it in her mouth.  She wanted to run
from the room, to yell 'no' at him as loud as she could and run away forever.
To be summed to satisfy a lust she did not even inspire, she wondered if she
ever really inspired lust in her husband, or if she was only and instrument for
it's satisfaction.  She knew she could not run away, and she dared not yell
'no', so she sank to her knees, leaned forward and meekly took his cock in her
mouth. 
As soon as she closed her mouth around his hard cock she new he had not washed
it since his 'early morning fuck'.  She knew she was tasting her own sex
juices dried on his cock.  She remembered licking the 'sticky wet stuff' off
his fingers on the porch the night before. 
She had been filled with lust then, and it didn't matter, but now she was not
in a state of lust, she was being forced to 'orally service his sexual needs'. 
That, she decided, was how she would think of it in the future instead of 'cock
sucking'.
She noticed that the two altar girls had moved to stand on each side of her and
were watching as the cock slipped in and out of her mouth.  Mark spoke to them
in English, Martha didn't think they understood, but it was obvious that what
he was saying was intended to wound her, not enlighten them.
"She's not an expert, but she is learning.  Did you see the way she bucked and
hear the way she growled like an animal when I fucked her last night?  She put
on a good show didn't she?  Little slut that wants to pretend she's a 'good
Christian girl'."  Martha's face turned red as the waves of shame and
humiliation sparked counter waves of lust.
She started taking his cock deeper and deeper into her throat.  She was going to
show him what a good cocksucker she could be.  Mark was beginning to hump his
hips thrusting his cock deeper into her mouth.  She felt his cock head slip into
her throat and began to panic as he pushed it in deeper until her nose was
buried in his pubic hair. 
He took hold of her head and held her on his cock until she started waving her
hands around, then pulled her head off enough to let her gasp air, then shoved
her back down on his hard cock.  Martha learned to suck in a gasp of air every
time his cockhead slipped out of her throat. 
Mark groaned loudly as his orgasm neared.  He pulled his cock out of her mouth,
then stroked it a couple of times with his hand and shot his thick creamy cum on
her forehead, her nose, her cheeks, and her lips.  She started to reach up and
wipe it from her lips, when Mark knocked her hand away.
"Go fix breakfast.  These to little minks will help you." Martha stood up to
walk to the kitchen, "And that cum better still be on your face when you serve
me." 
Martha went to the kitchen followed by the altar girls. As she fixed breakfast
she constantly had to fight the urge to wipe the sticky cum from her face.  That
and her enforced obscene nakedness kept the level of her shame, humiliation and
lust rising.  As she gave orders in English to the two girls, which they obeyed
immediately. So they do understand English, she thought. 
As she worked she tried to work out her feelings about Mark.  On the one hand
she wanted to find a baseball bat and beat him to death.  On the other hand she
wanted him to come in and drag her to the altar and fuck her again like he had
last night.  She remembered what he had said on the porch about fucking her with
a baseball bat, and as she carried his breakfast to him she fantasized about
being on the altar and Mark fucking her wet cunt with the thick end of a
baseball bat.  Mark watched her as she brought the plates in, then took her
plate and combined it with his.
"Sit on my lap, I want to feed you."  Martha sat on his leg and Mark wrapped
his left arm around her and began to massage her left breast while he offered
her a spoonful of food. Martha realized that Mark treated her sometimes as a
small child, sometimes as a sex plaything and sometimes as a pet, but never as a
wife. 
"You came in with a dreamy 'I want to be fucked' look on your face. What were
you thinking about."  She swallowed her food and stumbled over her words.  How
did he know these things about her, she wondered.
Thoughts raced through her mind as she slowly chewed her food, I can't tell him
what I was really thinking.  He thinks I'm a slut already, what would he think
if he new I was daydreaming about him fucking me with a baseball bat.  Her face
turned red with embarrassment. The color spread down her neck and across the top
of her breasts to her nipples as she felt the humiliation rising.  How could I
have thought such things, she asked herself.  Now I'm going to be even more
humiliated because I am going to have to tell him.  He can read me to well for
me to try to lie. 
She could not delay any longer, her food was chewed, and she would have to
swallow it.  Mark's squeezing and pinching of her left nipple added confusion
to her thoughts.  The nipple was getting hard and sending urgent lust messages
to her cunt.  Martha finally swallowed her food, she looked down at the floor in
obvious embarrassment.  Mark pinched and massaged her nipple while he gazed at
her with an expected look, and patiently waited for her to begin speaking.
"Do you remember what you said on the porch yesterday afternoon?" she asked.
"I said many things, be more specific."
"About a baseball bat."
"Yes, if I remember correctly I said that, even though you were a virgin, you
were so hot and wet that I could fuck you with a baseball bat." Mark paused,
watching the red deepen from her hairline to her nipples.
"When I came into the room I ... I ... was wondering what it would feel like to
be...fu..." then the words came out in a rush all run together,
"Iwaswonderingwhatitwouldfeelliketobefuckedwithabaseballbat."  Martha let out
a sigh of relief having said it. Mark laughed out loud, almost knocking her off
his lap.  Martha's blush deepened to a bright crimson and she looked down at
the floor.  She wanted to run away and hide.
"So, my good chaste Christian wife wants to know what it would feel like to get
fucked with a baseball bat."  Mark continued to laugh as he teased Martha.
"I'll put in an order with the Mission Home office for a baseball bat...do you
prefer wood, or aluminum?  Do you want an autographed Louisville slugger?" 
Martha angrily turned away from him, but did not get off his lap.  She flustered
and started to speak several times, then started laughing.  Mark let her get
away with the insolence of knocking his hand away from her breast. 
"Turn back around, " Mark coaxed her, "we need to finish our breakfast." 
Martha swiveled back around on Mark's knee and took another bite of food from
him.  Just as she took the food from the fork Mark spoke again.
"Was that the big end, or the small end?"  Martha almost sprayed her food over
the altar girls as she burst out laughing.
When her laughter died down Martha leaned back against her husband, for the
first time she felt like his wife.  She accepted another bite of food from him
and 'snuggled' herself against him, then leaned her head against his cheek. 
He alternated feeding her and himself from the plate of food on his desk. 
After three or four bites, he slipped his left hand down and began to run his
fingers through her pubic hair, twisting the curls around his fingers, and
casually 'playing' with her bush.  Martha, for the first time since leaving
home, felt relaxed.  She ignored the voices in her head telling how shameful and
humiliating it was to be fed and 'played with' in front of the two native
'servants', she was determined to enjoy the tender attentions she was
receiving from Mark.
"Your have the most luxuriant growth of pubic hair of any woman I have ever
seen."  Mark spoke with obvious awe.  Martha's pubic hair grew almost as thick
as fur, it extended up her belly coming to a point just below her navel, and two
or three inches onto each thigh.  It surrounded her cunt growing right up to the
edge of her pussy lips, and came to a point again just below her puckered
asshole. 
"You're the first women I've seen who's cunt really deserved to be called a
'pussy'."  Martha almost asked him how many women's cunts he had looked at,
but then decided she did not want to know.  A new feeling swept over Martha,
never before had she felt pride about her genitals, she had been taught to
consider them dirty and dangerous things to be guarded and guarded against. 
She looked down where her husband was idly scratching her pubic bush like one
would the back of a cat's head, between its ears.  She had always considered
her abundant pubic hair to be a nuisance.  She had wished that she could get rid
of it, but now to hear her husband praise it, to feel him running his fingers
through it, she felt herself getting wetter, then realized that she could smell
herself.   Panic, 'Oh my God' she thought, 'I have to get a bath, no decent
woman allows herself to smell like that.' Mark noticed the sudden tension in
her body.
"What's the matter?" He asked as he continued to play with her 'pussy fur',
as he thought of it.
"I...uh...I...I need to take a bath." Her embarrassment was obvious, her red
color was once again spreading down her face and neck towards her breasts.
"Why?"
"I...I'm not...uh...clean." Now she was more embarrassed than she could ever
remember being, her red color spread past her nipples and down the underside of
her breasts.  In her mind the smell of her vagina overwhelmed every thing else,
it seemed the whole room reeked of her sex.
"You look clean to me, your hair's a little disheveled, but that helps give
you that 'just fucked' look I like so much." Oh god, Martha thought, how
could I even tell him.  Her embarrassment deepened she felt like she was burning
all over her body with it.  She felt like the 'stench' from her vagina would
make her sick to her stomach. A good decent Christian woman does not allow
herself to smell like this.  According to Martha's upbringing a 'good decent
Christian' woman is odorless at all times.
"I......" she trailed off then took a deep breath and started again, "I... 
can....uh...I can....smell..." She just could not say it.  The fact itself that
she had an odor was bad enough put to have to talk about it was unbearable.
"You can smell your cunt?" The casualness of the question, as well as the use
of the vulgar word for her vagina deepened Martha's embarrassment. Once again
she felt shamed and humiliated.  She wanted to jump up and run away, hide from
her tormenter. 
She wanted to run back to the safe world she came from, a world where husbands
didn't force their wives to expose themselves and to have sex in front of a
room full of savages.  A world where a woman could keep herself clean and not be
shamed and humiliated by her unwanted body odors.  She felt more shame and
humiliation as her body reacted to her feelings with responses of lust, causing
her vagina to get even wetter. 
Martha imagined she detected a whole new wave of 'that smell'.  In the middle
of her orgy of shame, humiliation and self-loathing, Martha was distracted by
Mark. He sniffed the air experimentally, then he leaned over and sniffed twice
over her lower body. Then spoke with mock seriousness.
"You're right, I can smell your cunt too."  He sniffed a few more time then
spoke to the altar girls, who were sitting at Mark and Martha's feet engrossed
in the exchange between them, in their own language.  They grinned and giggled
and then spoke to Mark. 
Martha's shame and humiliation became tinged with anger.  How can he
continually humiliate me in front of these native girls, she thought, they
don't even know enough to be embarrassed by their own nakedness.  Mark spoke
the young girls again, then listened to their replies.  During this exchange,
Mark continued to brush and comb Martha's thick pussy hair with his fingers. 
"They say it smells good." Martha was so caught up in her feelings of shame,
humiliation and anger that Marks words did not register. 
"I think it smells wonderful."  Marks comments began to penetrate her
spiraling feelings of self-loathing.  What, she thought, is he saying?  He likes
that smell?  She looked at him, trying to discover if he was serious, or if he
was teasing her. 
"I am totally serious," he assured her, "no perfume in the world smells as
good as the natural odor of a sexually excited female." Martha began to relax
her towering spiral of shame, humiliation and anger collapsed with a crash in
her mind.  She smiled and giggled as Mark leaned over putting his nose closer to
her cunt and inhaled deeply with exaggerated enthusiasm.  
She playfully hit him on the arm, then laid back against him and rested her head
on his shoulder.  From then on Mark would, on occasion, leer at Martha and ask
with mock seriousness, "Smelled any good cunts lately?" causing her to giggle
and blush.  Mark pushed his hand through her thick bush towards the source of
the 'offending' odor.
As Marks fingers slipped past her pubic bush and began to play with her clit and
cunt lips, Martha spread her legs, encouraging him to continue.  The two altar
girls leaned forward, watching with obvious fascination as Mark's fingers
spread Martha's pussy lips and gently caressed the inner walls of her wet cunt. 
Martha moaned and turned her head toward Mark's, she reached up and pulled his
head toward hers and kissed him. 
She pushed her tongue passed his lips, and thrust in into his mouth as he had
done to her the night before.  Mark rubbed his tongue against hers as he
massaged her right breast with his right hand, and pushed his left index finger
deep into her cunt.  Martha could feel his cock rising against her leg, and she
reached down and began to caress it through his shorts.  She broke of the kiss
and placed her mouth beside his ear.
"Husband would you please fuck me on the altar like you did last night?" Mark
pulled Martha's mouth to his and kissed her, thrusting his tongue into her
mouth in time with his finger fucking in and out of her open wet cunt.  Without
breaking the kiss, Mark removed his finger from her pussy and scooped up her
legs as he raised from the chair and carried her out of the office and into the
sanctuary.  Mark sat her on the edge of the altar then, breaking the kiss,
lifted her dress over her head leaving her totally naked.  Martha lay back on
the altar and spread her legs placing her feet on the supports.  She lifted her
arms over her head and crossed her wrists.
"Tie me...please."  Mark and the two altar girls, who had scurried after them,
quickly tied her wrists and her ankles to the altar, securing her for the
upcoming fuck.  After her ankles were tied Martha spread her knees apart as far
as she could, opening her cunt for her husbands pleasures.  Mark started with
her face and caressed and kissed every inch of her exposed skin, working down
across her neck over her breasts and abdomen. 
Martha was already thrusting her hips up and down in small fucking motions, even
though no one was touching her pussy at the moment.  Martha felt more hands
touching her face and opened her eyes.  She looked up into the beautiful dark
brown, almost black eyes of the altar girls who tenderly caressed her face and
neck.  Martha smiled at the two young girls, and for the first time realized how
beautiful they were.
Mark climbed onto the altar and kneeled between Martha's legs.  He ran his
hands up and down her silky inner thighs and felt her muscles trembling beneath
her pale white skin.  He ran his hands back down to her pussy and as he leaned
forward gently pulled her cunt open and began to lick her clit.  As Mark licked
and sucked his way down from her clit to the bottom of her cunt slit, the two
altar girls began to plant tender loving kisses on her face and neck.  They took
turns kissing her on the mouth, gently inserting their tongues to lick the
insides of her lips and swirl around her tongue.
Mark's tongue probed deeply into her wet cunt, lapping her nectar from the
inner walls of her pussy.  As he worked his tongue back up to her clit, the two
girls worked there way down her neck and each began to suck on the nipple
closest to them.  Martha's entire body undulated on the altar as her lust built
to ever-higher levels.  Low growling noises began to escape from her throat. 
Mark sucked her clit into his mouth and gently flicked the tip of his tongue
back and forth across it.  Martha's hips bucked and slammed into the altar with
each flick of Mark's tongue across her engorged bud.  The altar girls continued
to suck on Martha's rock hard nipples with single-minded determination.
Mark pulled his mouth away from Martha's clit and, ignoring her whimpering,
began to lick the folds of her cunt lips as he moved his mouth down past the
bottom of her pussy slit.  Mark moved further away from Martha's cunt until he
reached her tender puckered ass hole.  He swirled his tongue around the crinkled
muscle, then gently pushed the tip of his tongue into her rear passage and began
to work it open.
Martha gasped audibly, both form the feelings generated by this attention to her
rear opening, and from the shocking idea that anyone would actually do what Mark
was know doing.  As Mark worked his tongue deeper into her relaxing rear hole,
he began to slide his thumb back and forth over her clit and into her cunt.  The
thought of where Mark was putting his tongue continued to amaze and disgust her,
while the feelings being generated by that same tongue fanned the flames of her
lust, sending her spiraling toward the first of many body shaking orgasms that
would, eventually, leave her drained and exhausted.
Mark continued to tongue her ass, and fuck his thumb in and out of her cunt
until her first orgasmic peak subsided.  After Martha's body stopped twitching
he switched and began to lick her clit and tongue fuck her pussy while working
first one, then two fingers in and out of her tight virgin asshole.  Martha's
hips began to jerk up and down as she approached another orgasmic peak.
"Please fuck me, I need to be fucked." She panted as her orgasm neared another
intense explosion.  Her body began to undulate, as she pulled against the ropes
and made violent jerky fucking motions with her hips.  She began to yell 'FUCK
ME' with each thrust of her pelvis.  Then with a load growl, she relaxed and
laid panting on the altar. 
Mark and the young girls continued ministering to her primary and secondary sex
organs quickly bringing her back to two more body twisting rope pulling 'FUCK
ME' shouting orgasms.  As she approached the peak of her fourth orgasm, Martha
strained against the ropes to arch her body and raise her head so she could look
over the young altar girls diligently sucking her hard nipples and see her
husband crouching between her legs tonguing her clit and finger fucking her
asshole.  When mark looked up he was surprised by the angry look on her face.
"FUCK MY GOD DAMN CUNT YOU BASTARD!" She shouted at him, "OUR I'M GOING TO
RIP OFF YOUR COCK AND FUCK MYSELF WITH IT."  Mark believed she might have
tried, if she hadn't been tied down.  He sat back on his ankles and the altar
girls began to rub oil on his massive hard cock.  He leaned forward and brought
his gleaming read cockhead to the entrance of her wet throbbing cunt. 
"YES! FINALLY! FUCK MY CUNT YOU OBSCENE DEVIL" she yelled as mark slipped his
oiled cock all the way into her gapping wet cunt with one thrust.
Moving himself up her body so his cock would rub her clit as it moved in and out
of her cunt, Mark began to fuck his wife with long hard thrusts, pulling his
cock almost all the way out of her wet pussy then shoving it back in till their
pubic bones mashed against each other. 
On the third stroke Martha was pushed over the top by another body wrenching
orgasm.  As her husband forcefully fucked his large hard cock in and out of her
grasping wet cunt, Martha slipped into what she would later think of as an
'orgasmic delirium' for the second time.  From then on events became jumbled
in her memory.
As she laid in bed sometime later she tried to reconstruct the sequence of
events that she, at that time, labeled 'the fuck of my life'.  She remembered
that the cunt fucking seemed to last for hours, every stroke of her husband's
cock sparking orgasmic waves through her entire body. She remembered that the
altar girls untied her ankles and retied them above her head, bending her almost
in half and opening her cunt further than she would have believed possible. 
She remembered whimpering like a lost puppy when the cock suddenly disappeared
from her well-fucked cunt.  She had whimpered because she felt like she wanted
to continue being fucked for the rest of her life.  Her memories became more
jumbled at this point, the next thing she remembered was her husbands cock being
forced into her virgin rear entry.  At the same time she felt something warm and
wet sucking and licking her clit. 
She remembered wondering how her husband could get his cock in her ass and his
mouth on her clit at the same time.  She had a clear memory of looking down and
seeing one of the altar girls straddling her.  Martha had stared right into the
hairless slit of the young girl's cunt while the girl sucked on her clit like
it was a miniature cock.
Martha laid in the bed and thought about how it had felt to have her husband
fuck her tender virgin asshole.  If she had not been hyper-excited sexually it
probably would have hurt.  The only thought she could remember having as the
hard cock slid into her stretching hole was 'I'm going to be sore tomorrow'. 
It was uncomfortable initially, but not really painful. 
Even as he had been tonguing her asshole, she never would have believed that he
was actually going to fuck her there.  At this point Martha had been distracted
by the other altar girl who had climbed up on the altar and straddled Martha's
face lowering her hairless cunt onto Martha's mouth.  Martha was too lust
crazed to object and began to lick the young girl's pussy.
In Martha's memory the ass fucking seemed to go on forever.  Up until the very
moment Marks cock had slipped into her asshole Martha had never even imagined
such a thing as anal sex.  As she let her memories return, she was astonished
that she had not been torn and ripped apart.  As the fucking continued she
became even more surprised that a hole that small and tight could feel so good
being fucked by something that big and hard.  She remembered after what seemed
like days of being ass fucked, Mark's entire body stiffened and jerked
repeatedly as he bellowed incoherently and his cock spasmed and spewed what
seemed like gallons of cum inside her.
Her next clear memory was of the altar girls untying her and helping her down
from the altar.  The supported her, one on each side, and walked her into the
kitchen where a large metal bathtub had appeared filled with steaming water. 
They had helped her into the tub, then tenderly, almost reverently washed her,
being especially gentle around her recently fucked cunt and asshole.  They
washed and combed her hair, they dried her, then led her to the bed, where they
climbed into the bed with her and covered her and themselves with the mosquito
netting.  They snuggled up to her, one on each side, and she fell into a deep
sleep.
That brought Martha back up to the present moment.  The two altar girls were
still snuggled up in her arms, she looked down and saw them quietly looking
back, waiting for her to indicate what they were to do next.  She hugged them,
and they hugged her back.  She studied each of them in turn, trying to decide if
the one on the left or the one on the right owned the tender young pussy she had
been licking earlier.  The two girls stared back at her with somber eyes and
serious expressions.
"I wonder which one of you stuck her pussy in my face." She said out loud.
Martha had been wondering exactly how much English they understood.
"Me" said the one on the left.  Martha turned to the one on her right.
"So you must be the one that sucked on my clit all morning."  The girl did not
understand all of the words, but she did understand 'suck' and 'clit' and
got the gist of the statement and nodded her head 'yes'.  Martha hugged them
both again.  then she nudged the one on the left and said
 "That means you owe me a cunt licking, and I owe you," she nudged the other
one, "a clit sucking."  Martha spread her legs and the alter girl on her left
crawled between them and began to lick Martha's cunt.  The other altar girl
climbed up on her knees and straddled Martha's head while Martha began to
gently run her tongue over the girls hairless pussy.
A small voice in the back of her head started growing louder, screaming at
Martha, and telling her she was a whore and a slut.  For years Martha had
thought that this was her own voice saying these things, but know Martha
recognized that this voice belonged to her mother. 
Well mother, Martha thought, I'll show how much of a perverted slut I really
am.  With that Martha forced her tongue as far into the altar girls pussy as it
could reach.  At the same time she reached up and began to run her hands over
the young girl's nude body.  Martha's roaming hands found the girls
'just-starting-to-grow' breast cones and gently rubbed the nipples until they
were hard little rocks in her fingers.  The girl began to rock her pelvis,
fucking her pussy on Martha's tongue.  Martha followed suit and began to thrust
her own hips against the face of the altar girl between her legs.
Unnoticed by the three on the bed Mark, who had come to the room to check on the
sleeping girls, stood in the doorway stroking his growing cock, witch he pulled
from his shorts.  The altar girl kneeling over Martha's mouth began to make
soft cooing noises, not unlike those of a dove, with each movement of her hips. 
Mark continued to stroke his cock as he backed out of the doorway and returned
to his office smiling broadly.  To see his new bride initiating sex with the two
altar girls on her second day at the mission was more than he had ever hoped
for.  In the bedroom Martha and the two altar girls tenderly licked and caressed
each other to gentle orgasms, then cuddled up with each other and went back to
sleep.
Thirty minutes later Martha woke up again.  She managed to climb out of the bed
without waking either of the gently snoring altar girls and walked across the
bedroom towards the doorway.  She stopped in front of the dresser mirror.  Her
hair was a total mess, she tugged and pulled at it, straightening it a little.
 Well, she thought, like Mark says it adds to that delightful 'just fucked
look'.  Still nude she walked through the kitchen, stopping to get a drink of
water, then moved on to the office where she found her husband sitting at his
desk, a Bible open in front of him.  As she entered the room Mark looked up and
smiled.
"So, my young Christian bride likes to eat little girl pussy." He said with
what Martha could only describe as a 'silly grin' on his face.  To his
surprise Martha did not blush, giggle, or stammer.  Instead she sat down on a
chair, leaned back, spread her legs, and started to scratch her own pubic push
just above her clit.
"It's not as good as a baseball bat fuck, but I enjoyed it." She answered
wearing her own 'silly grin'.
"Well watching the three of you has left me with a hardon." Mark pushed his
chair back from the desk revealing his hard cock sticking out of the fly of his
shorts.
"Watching grass grow would probably give you a hard on." Martha countered,
"Oh well, 'a woman's work is never done'." Martha slipped off the chair to
her knees and took the large hard cock into her mouth. 
Mark leaned back and enjoyed watching Martha's head bob up and down as his cock
slipped in and out of her mouth, her lips stretched tight over his cock shaft. 
The pumped the base of his cock with her right left hand and rolled his balls
around like two giant marbles in a marble bag with her right hand. 
Mark was in no hurry to cum, so he relaxed and enjoyed the feel of her warm wet
mouth sliding up and down the shaft of his hard cock.  As Mark's orgasm grew
closer Martha increased the tempo of her head bobbing and hand pumping on his
ridged shaft.  Unexpectedly Mark grabbed her head and stopped her.
"Wait," he said with some evident strain, "there is something I wold like you
to do for me first."  Martha did not move her hand that held the base of
Mark's cock, she sinced that any movement of her hand could set his cock
spewing, and that Mark did not want to cum until after she accomplished this new
task.  Martha could feel his hot hard cock meat twitching in her hand, the
engorged red cock head less than two inches from her face.  Martha stared at the
small slit at the end of Mark's cock and had an overwhelming desire to see jets
of cum spewing into the air.
"What do you want me to do?" Martha relaxed the grip on his cock and slowly
removed her hand.  Mark took her cheeks in his hands and leaning over kissed
her, plunging his tongue deeply into her mouth where moments before his cock had
been.  He broke the kiss and stared into her eyes, still holding her cheeks.
"I want you to use your tongue on me the way I did on you this morning."  It
took a moment for Martha to comprehend what Mark was asking her.  A now familiar
voice began screaming in the back of her head.  'Not even a whore would do
that', the voice screamed at her.  Oh yeah mom, well watch me, Martha screamed
back in her head.  Martha reached up and pulled her husband's head down to hers
and kissed long and deep, fucking her tongue into his mouth, then broke the
kiss.
"I would be honored to put my tongue where ever you want me to." She said
breathlessly.
"Lets go into the sanctuary, I want you to tongue fuck my ass, then drink my
cum on the altar."  He picked her up and carried her to the sanctuary like he
had that morning, his hard cock bouncing with each step.  When they reached the
altar he put her down and sat himself on the edge.  He leaned back and brought
his legs up and apart as far as he could exposing his long hard cock, his large
balls in their hair sack, and his asshole for Martha's inspection. 
Martha began to stroke his cock with one hand while she licked his balls, then
worked her way down toward his hairy asshole with her tongue.  She nestled her
face into his butt and began to probe his puckered rear entry with her warm wet
tongue.  As she pushed just the tip of it into her husband already relaxing
hole, she had a momentary spasm in her stomach, her mind revolting against what
she was doing.  Martha quelled her spasmming stomach and redoubled her efforts
to probe as far as possible into her husbands rear opening with her stiffened
tongue.
Mark grabbed the cup usually used for communion services from behind the altar
and readied it to receive his coming contribution.  Having been on the edge of
orgasm when he stopped his wife's cock-sucking efforts, it took only a few
thrusts of her tongue into his sensitive asshole and only a few strokes of his
large hard cock to bring about the release of his pint up sexual energies.  He
reached down and placed his hand on top of his wife's and aimed his cock into
the chalice as they completed the last strokes of his trembling cock in unison. 
Mark groaned, his body tightened and his cock spewed spurt after spurt of his
hot spunk into the silver receptacle.
Martha let her tongue slip out of Mark's ass, and concentrated on the feeling
of his large cock twitching and spewing in her hand.  As his orgasm subsided
Mark slipped off the altar and had Martha kneel in front of him.  He put the
communion chalice to her lips and tilted it up to allow his fresh cum to drain
into her waiting mouth.
"Drink this cum in remembrance of me." He intoned as the thick milky white
globs slipped past the rim of the chalice and over her tongue.  Martha was
surprised by how sexually stimulating sacrilege could be.  She wanted to fuck
again, but was not sure Mark would be up to it.  She thought of the altar girls,
but then decided they just would not be satisfactory.  She wanted a hard cock
inside her, and she wanted it now.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Norm DePloom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





