BDSM Library - The 'Catch the Greased Cheerleader' Contest




The 'Catch the Greased Cheerleader' Contest
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She finally got the chance to be a member of the cheerleader squad. But she must pass the contest first.
If you don't like sex stories, don't read it.
If you don't like stories about sex with children, don't read it.
If you don't like stories about forced sex, don't read it.
If you are below the arbitrary age set for your area, don't read it.
If for any reason it is illegal for you to read this story, don't read it.

Copyright (c) 2000 Norm DePloom.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written
permission of the author.  This story may be freely distributed with this notice
attached.  The author may be contacted at normdeploom@hotmail.com

All the characters and events in this story are fictional; any resemblance to
real people or events is entirely coincidental.




The 'Catch the Greased Cheerleader' Contest
By
Norm DePloom
normdeploom@hotmail.com

You've got to understand, the only reason I tried out to be a cheerleader was
for my mother.  She had always wanted to be one and pushed me into it.  I really
didn't think I had a chance of making the squad.  I wasn't one of the
'popular' girls.  I didn't date a single member of the football team.  In
fact, I wasn't dating anyone, and unlike the other members of the cheerleader
squad I did not act like I was screwing around with the whole team. 

Imagine my surprise when they announced that I had won the sole open position on
the squad.  My mother was delirious with joy.  I think my father probably got
more sex that week than he had since their honeymoon.  I worked hard over the
next few weeks learning the routines and trying to fit in.  I went to the local
coffee shop with all the other girls every day after practice and watched them
flirt with the boys from the team. 

I slowly became aware that there was going to be an 'initiation' after the
first home game of the year.  I didn't worry about it, I was sure that it would
be childish and humiliating, and that I would be embarrassed beyond all measure. 

On Wednesday before the big home game on Friday I noticed the head cheerleader
carrying around a cigar box with a chart listing all of the members of the
football team.  She explained that she was running a pool on who would be first. 
'First what?' I had asked her naively.  'Oh, you'll see.' She said with a
nasty chuckle.  Later that day she informed me that I would have to bring the
Crisco on Friday night. 

'Crisco?' I remember asking her just as naively as when I asked her about the
pool.  'Yea,-' She had answered with a smirk. '-it's sort of a good luck
tradition.  The new girl always brings the Crisco.'  She left me standing in
the dressing room staring confusedly as she walked out the door. 

Friday was abuzz with pre-game activity.  We led cheers at the pep rally.  We
booed when the car full of players from our archrival sped past the occupants
shouting obscenities and mooning us through the car windows.  I was amazed when
the head cheerleader asked me over to her house for an early dinner before we
had to be back for the game.  It felt good to finally be accepted by the 'in'
girls.  I called my mom and let her know.  From the way she reacted you would
have thought that she was the one on the squad.  'See you at the game.' She
said as she hung up. 

We drove to her house in her brand new car.  It was the biggest most expensive
house in the neighborhood.  After eating a light dinner we went upstairs to her
room to get into our cheerleading outfits.  To my utter amazement she stripped
down completely, I mean butt naked then wondered around the room showing off her
body.  I went no further than panties and bra, and was embarrassed to be seen by
another person in my underwear. 

She took out her cigar box then after unfolding the accompanying chart on her
bed signaled me to come over.  It was a curious graph.  The very top was labeled
'Who's on First'.  The team member's names were listed along the left hand
side of the page.  Each team member got three sub rows labeled  'A', 'C' and
'M'.  Times were listed along the top of the page.  The resulting squares were
filled in with the names of people who were betting in the pool.

'Are you betting on who's going to score first?' I asked.  I can't believe
how innocent I still was that afternoon. 

'In a manner of speaking.' She answered with that irritating smirk. 

'What do the A, C and M stand for?'

'Ah...well...actually different ways of scoring.'  I must have looked confused.
'Don't worry.' She said putting her arm over my shoulder 'It will all be
clear for you after the game tonight.'  That answer gave me a somewhat uneasy
feeling. 

'I want you to pick out a square.' She urged me closer to the chart.  'As the
novice cheerleader you get one square free.'  She gave me a nudge with her
elbow.  'If you want any more than that you'll have to pay for them like
everyone else.'  I looked over the chart, the time line ran from one minute all
the way to thirty minutes. 

'I notice a lot of people bet on the defensive team.' I said looking up at
her. 'That doesn't seem to be a very good bet.  I mean they don't score that
often.'

'Don't be so sure.' She grinned at me. 'I know for a personal fact that
every one of them has scored many times.'  I noticed that all three of the
quarterback's rows were almost filled. 

'Your boyfriend seems to have gotten a lot of bets.'

'Yea, look here.' She said pointing to a block of squares. 'I bought six
myself, two in each category.'  She tapped the paper. 'I'm betting it will
only take five or six minutes.'

'I'll take this one.' I said pointing to the first available square in the
quarterback's 'C' column.

'Twenty-five minutes.' She mused. 'I don't think there's any chance of it
lasting that long, but what the heck it's a free square.'  She picked up a pen
and wrote my name in the space I had indicated.  Then she stood up and pulled
her cheerleader sweater on over her bare breasts. 

'Aren't you going to wear a bra?' I asked in amazement. 

'No, don't be silly.' She laughed at me. 'We always go braless to the first
game.  You know, for luck, just like your Crisco.' She stopped and looked at
me.  'You did get the Crisco didn't you?'  I nodded yes and pulled the can
from my backpack. 

'Oh put it away.' She waved her hand at me.  'I just wanted to make sure you
had it.' She turned and bent over to pull on a pair of high-rise spandex
panties. In the process she gave me a view of her privates just a foot or two
from my face.  I'd never been that close to another woman's vagina before and
I must admit I was curious.  She looked back at me around her legs.

'Shame on you for looking.' I blushed furiously. 'Now get that bra off and
get into your cheerleading uniform.'  I turned away from her to preserve a
modicum of modesty and after slipping my bra off pulled my cheerleader sweater
over my head.  I was embarrassed beyond believe and almost left the room, but I
really did want to fit in with the 'in' crowed, and I didn't want to
disappoint my mother by quitting the cheerleading squad.  I was amazed by how
much my nipples responded to the sweater being pulled over them.  When I turned
around I caught sight of myself in her mirror. 

I could clearly see my hard nipples under the tight knitted sweater.  I felt
like my face was on fire from humiliation thinking about everybody seeing my
nipples like that.  Strangely enough that just made my nipples harder. 

We met the other cheerleaders at the football field.  The leader immediately
pulled the others aside a few feet from me and pointed out my square on the
'Who's on First' pool.  They all looked over at me and laughed.  'She'll
never make it that long.' I heard one of them say.  As thy all laughed and
nodded their agreement I began to realize that there was something very
important that I seemed to be missing about this situation. 

All during the game my nipples were kept hard rubbing against the inside of the
sweater as I bounced and jumped around on the sideline.  During some of our more
gymnastic cheers I was grabbed a few times very inappropriately by the other
cheerleaders, but what could I do about it?  I kept waiting for the leader to
announce the winner of the pool.  Every time we would score I would look at her
expecting some kind of announcement. 

After the game, as the football team trotted into their locker room, the other
cheerleaders surrounded me and walked me off the field. 

'It's time to get you ready for your initiation.' The leader announced as we
entered the women's locker room.  Suddenly the other girls grabbed me and
slammed me up against the lockers.

'What's going on?  What are you doing to me?' I kept asking over and over as
they pulled my clothes from my body.  The other girls held me pinned against the
lockers naked while the leader got the can of Crisco from my backpack and opened
it.  She stood in front of me and scooped a handful of vegetable shortening out
of the can.  

'Shut up, slut.' She demanded as she smeared the gooey stuff on my breasts. 
'It's your turn to play Catch the Greased Cheerleader with the football
team.'    I struggled, trying to get out of their grasps, but they held me
tight as the leader proceeded to grease every inch of my body.  She seemed to
take particular pleasure in rubbing the Crisco between my legs.  As she greased
me she continued to talk.

'You've seen those Catch the Greased Pig contests haven't you.' She
continued without waiting for a reply. 'This is the same thing, except you're
the pig and whichever member of the football team gets his cock inside you first
is the winner.' She stood back to view her work.  'After the winner is
finished the rest of the team will take their turns.' She grinned at me.
'Continuing to try to fight them off is optional.' 

By this time I was in too much shock to seriously fight them as they put duct
tape over my eyes then marched me out the door and down the hallway wearing only
a thick coat of Crisco shortening.  They opened the door to the boy's locker
room and flung me through.

'Here she is boys.' The head cheerleader yelled as I stumbled into the middle
of the room.  Hands grabbed me from all sides.  I started wiggling, kicking and
trying to fight them off in every way I could.  Their competition to be the
first one inside me actually worked to my advantage as they pulled me away from
each other and fought each other as much as they did me.

I have no idea how long the struggle went on, it seemed like forever.  They had
placed a wrestling mat on the floor, but it still knocked my breath out when I
got slammed or dropped onto it.  I continued to fight as hard as I could but I
knew I could not continue for long, then a whistle blew and I was left lying on
the mat. 

'Your doing great.' The head cheerleader whispered in my ear as hands applied
more Crisco to my body.  'Keep up the good work and you might just win the pool
yourself.'  The whistle blew and I was pounced on by the football team once
more. 

Again I wiggled, kicked and struck out at anything I could hit.  I know I landed
a few good blows.  Once I found my hand on some boy's balls and squeezed until
I heard him scream in pain.  I could hear the other cheerleaders urging the
football players on. 

'Come on and get her.' I heard the head cheerleader yell at her quarterback
boyfriend.  'Your going to make me loose the pool.'  That pissed me off and I
started fighting harder than ever.  I was going to be damned if I'd let any one
of them stick their cocks in me without a fight.  The other cheerleaders may
have all been sluts, but I wasn't. 

Again, just as I thought I wouldn't be able to go on another second, the
whistle blew and all the boys backed off.  The other cheerleaders sat me up and
gave me some water to drink while they slathered even more Crisco over my
bruised aching body. 

'Side bets are that you're going to set a new record.  Nobody thought you had
it in you.' 

'Not yet anyway.' I replied getting a chuckle from all the cheerleaders.  I
have no idea where that came from but, when the whistle blew, I was more
determined than ever.  I was determined that whichever one of them managed to
fuck me was going to fight for it, and I was determined that every one of them
would pay for it with bodily injuries.  No more Miss Nice Cheerleader, I was now
bitch incarnate. 

I had learned.  My kicks struck crotches more often now and I purposely sought
for and viciously squeezed every ball I could get my hands on.  But there were
more of them than me, and I was slowly being worn down. 

The moment finally came when I could not keep them off me any longer, my feeble
struggles could not dislodge the boy between my legs and I felt his cock slowly
pushing into me.  I had no fight left in me, I collapsed onto the mat and laid
still, unmoving as the winner claimed his prize, my virgin pussy. 

I felt his cock, deep inside me, twitch and jerk and I new that I was receiving
the first cum ever inside my body.  The first, but not the last.  As soon as he
was done somebody pulled him off and replaced him.  I felt my second cock
pushing inside me. 

I was caught off guard by the lack of pain.  I'd always thought that it hurt
the first time.  But, except for my exhaustion and the fact that my body was
aching from fighting them off, that first cock felt pretty good, and by the time
the second one dumped its load of cum into me I was beginning to respond.  I
don't think I actually came the first time until the third or fourth team
member. 

While each boy on the team took his turn fucking me the others rubbed their
hands of my still slippery Crisco coated body paying special attention to my
breasts.  I felt exploratory fingers being pushed into my rectum and somebody
lifted my hands up and placed each on a hard cock.  By this time I'd lost count
of how many times I'd been fucked but there seemed to be no end to the hard
cocks waiting their turns.  I felt the cocks I my hands jerk, and felt the hot
cum splashing on my face and breasts. 

The fucking tapered off, and the room began to quite down as the satiated boys
dressed and left for the after-game dance.  My fellow cheerleaders helped me to
my feet and walked me back to the girl's locker room.  I was ushered into a hot
shower and, still blindfolded with the duct tape, washed with gentle hands. 

'You now belong to the football team.' The head cheerleader explained as their
soapy hands roamed over my body.  'From now on you will be expected to fuck
anyone of them any time they want.'  As she talked she expertly washed between
my legs paying special attention to my clitoris until my body tensed, then
relaxed with one more orgasm. 

They took the duct tape off my eyes, then dressed me for the dance.  They
dressed me in the same clothes they were all wearing a cut off T-shirt that
barely covered our braless tits and a short skirt with no panties underneath. 

'We've got to be available for them at all times.' One of the cheerleaders
explained as we walked from the girl's dressing room.  When we reached to door
leading out to the parking lot the head cheerleader stopped me and got out a wad
of cash.

'As the novice cheerleader you get one-quarter of the pot.  As the first one
inside you the quarterback got one-quarter of the pot, and as winner of the pool
you get the other half of the pot.' She finished handing me the wad of money. 

I really had my doubts about being a cheerleader and having to fuck all those
boys on the football team whenever thy wanted, but what could I do? 

I didn't want to disappoint my mother.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Norm DePloom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





