BDSM Library - The Anniversary




The Anniversary
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: His husband arranged a special anniversary party for her. Cheer up!
If you don't like sex stories, don't read it.
If you are below the arbitrary age set for your area, don't read it.
If for any reason it is illegal for you to read this story, don't read it.

Copyright (c) 2000 Norm DePloom.  ALL Rights Reserved
This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written
permission of the author.  This story may be freely distributed with this notice
attached.  The author may be contacted at normdeploom@hotmail.com
All the characters and events in this story are fictional; any resemblance to
real people or events is entirely coincidental.




The Anniversary
By
Norm DePloom

I remember standing in front of the mirror turning this way and that.  I smiled
at myself knowing that I looked just like Mark liked me to when we went out
dancing.  It was our anniversary and we always went dancing on our anniversary. 
Two hours of dancing with Mark was like two hours of intense foreplay.  I always
finished the evening so hot we had to have a quick 'tension reliever' in the
back seat of the car, or any place else we could find, before driving home.
Last time we went dancing I was so hot when we left.  God was I hot.  I was wet,
open and ready.  All of you lady readers will know what I'm talking about. 
You'll know if you've ever been so hot and ready that you didn't mind that
your hundred-dollar blouse was being ripped to shreds against the filthy brick
wall you were being pushed against.  So hot you did not care that anyone
stepping into the parking lot could see you fucking, in the small alcove you'd
been pushed into by your man.
The alcove was just deep enough that our fucking was hidden from passer-byes on
the sidewalk by a shadow.  As soon as he pushed me against the brick wall I
lifted my legs and wrapped them around his waist while he held me by my ass and
pushed his hard cock into me.
I started cumming as soon as his cock-head touched my swollen sensitive cunt
lips.  I don't think I stopped cumming until sometime the next afternoon.
I watched my nipples grow and my aureole crinkle in the mirror as I remembered
that hard frantic fuck in the club parking lot.  I was wearing a thin see
through blouse with a 'natural look' see through bra underneath it.  Just a
hint of my dark brown aureoles was visible through the material.  My skirt was
just long enough to be 'decent' and my white cotton panties were already
getting soaked just thinking about the possibilities that the night held.
Yes, I said it, my white cotton panties.  I would have gladly gone without them
(I usually do) but Mark liked me to wear them.  Sometime during the eve ning he
would ask me to take them off and hand them to him.  It always gave us both a
thrill as he sniffed them and checked their dampness while sitting at a table
with people around us.
I decided I was perfect, and left the room.  I did not want to keep Mark waiting
(and like the hot little slut I am I wanted to get the evening started so we
could get to the fucking). Mark, pushing his hi-tech ergonomic desk chair met me
at the bottom of the stairs.
"Sit." He ordered, not waiting for me to ask what he was doing with the chair. 
I sat.  He pulled my arms behind the chair and I felt the cold steel of
handcuffs as I heard the loud clicking of them being ratcheted closed on my
wrists.  I'm no stranger to an occasional restraint, but I hadn't expected it
this evening.  When I opened my mouth to ask about his plans, Mark slipped a
ball gag into it. 
I watched as he lifted my legs over the arms of the chair and tied them in
place, leaving me open and exposed.  A blindfold finished my new accessories.  I
noticed it was black, it would match my black skirt.  Mark pushed the chair,
with me secured in it, through the house and left me setting in what I assumed
was the family room to answer the doorbell that had rung just as we entered the
room.
I heard several male voices accompanying Mark back into the room.  I started to
feel a little frightened for the first time, frightened and hot.  I was
immediately disappointed.  The men seemed to ignore me, I could hear chairs
being moved, then cards being shuffled.  I was tied to the chair with my cotton
covered crotch (I'm sure they could se my pubic hair through it) showing and
they were going to play poker.
"Five card stud, one eyed jacks are wild. The first hand is for the blouse." I
heard Mark announce.  I listened as bets were announced chips were tossed onto
the table and new cards were asked for.  Finally I heard a trite 'read them and
weep' from a voice I did not recognize.  I must admit I jumped when I felt my
blouse being unbuttoned.  After pulling my blouse up over the back of the chair
and leaving it dangling from my handcuffed wrists the man massaged my breasts
through my bra.
I, and he, felt my nipples harden under his warm hands.  The hands left my
breasts then firmly grabbed my thighs.  He ran his hands up the insides of my
thighs, then, when he reached my panty-covered crotch he spoke for the first
time.
"God she's wet." He said to the other men.  I could feel myself blushing.
'Now they all know,-' I thought, '-what a slut I am.'
"That's enough for now." I heard Mark announce.  The hands lingered on my
crotch for another three or four seconds, then with a good-bye clit pinch
through the cloth they disappeared.  I was left panting and exposed in the chair
while the men played another hand.    "This hand is for the skirt." Mark
announced.
Once again I listened to shuffling, dealing, betting and finally another winner. 
I felt some tugging on the bottom of my skirt.  I wondered how thy were going to
get the skirt off with my legs tied until I felt a pull that almost lifted me
off the chair and heard my skirt ripping up the front.  Despite my grief over
losing a very expensive skirt that I had purchased just for this evening, the
sound of it being ripped open sent a thrill cursing through my body.  The thrill
coiled down into my crotch and I'm sure everybody in the room could see me
oozing into the crotch of my white cotton panties.  Hell, I could smell my cunt
and I'm sure every body else in the room could also.
I felt the man kneeling in front of me.  He ran his hands up and down the inside
of my thighs, sending chills up and down my spine.  On his last upward thrust of
his hands he slipped his fingers under my panties and rubbed the tips of his
index fingers up and down my swollen wet cunt lips.  I'm sure everyone in the
room heard my groan despite the ball gag I was wearing.
He pulled his hands away from my crotch, turning my groan of pleasure into a
whimper of frustrated need.  I heard Mark announce that the next hand would be
for my bra.  My nipples hardened even more in anticipation.
While I listened to the cards being shuffled and dealt, and to bets being made,
I realized that I was rotating my hips in gentle humping motions trying to
stimulate myself against the wet crotch of my panties.  I must have been putting
on quite a show for the poker players.
A winner was announced and I weighted with my breath held for whomever it was to
take off my bra.  It fastened in front and I felt the person tugging at the
clasp.  My bra was pulled up over the back of the chair and slid down my arms to
hang, with my blouse, on my handcuffed wrists.  Warm hands touched both of my
breasts and I new immediately that they were a woman's hands.  They twisted and
pinched my nipples with a knowledge that no man could possibly have.
I felt her hot breath a fraction of a second before her hot wet mouth closed
over my left nipple, sucking it into almost painful erect-ness.  Her other hand
continued twisting and pinching my right nipple.  Although I had never fucked
another woman before, I had often thought about it.  She moved her mouth to my
right nipple and slid her hand down over my stomach and into the top of my
panties.  My whole body jerked when she gently pinched my clit.  She ran her
finger up and down the inside of my cunt lips then flicked her fingertip back
and forth over my swollen clit.
She pulled away just as quickly as the others had, leaving my trembling body for
all to see.  The lust roaring through my body cannot be described.  I wanted to,
no, I needed to be fucked and fucked hard.  I felt like I was going to go insane
if I did not get a cock inside me.  I continued to make fucking motions with my
hips trying to stimulate myself against my panties.  I was just barely aware of
the poker game going on in the room.
My body jerked hard, almost tipping the chair over when I felt the hand grabbing
the elastic top of my panties.  Engulfed in my own lust, I had lost track of
everything else going on in the room.  I realized that I had been moaning loudly
while they played poker.  The man ripped the side seems out of my panties.  In
the process he pulled the crotch up inside my cunt lips dragging it roughly
against my clit.  It hurt, but even the pain added to my lust.  His hands rubbed
my breasts, then after lingering for a moment on my stomach moved to my
trembling thighs.
"Oh god, fuck me, please!" I yelled as best I could with a ball gag in my
mouth.  I heard laughter in the room, I guess my shout was clear enough for them
to understand.  When I felt his fingertip at the entrance to my cunt I thrust
forward as hard as I could under my restrained condition and managed to push
about a half inch of his finger inside me.  He slowly slid his finger in and out
a few times while he sucked on each of my nipples.  Despite the slow teasing
rhythm of his finger I was on the verge of cumming when his mouth and hands
disappeared leaving me once again humping thin air for their entertainment.  I
was insane with lust and kept humping the air, I really think I would have
fucked a goddamn elephant if they'd brought one into the room.
"The last hand-" I heard Mark announce. "-will be seven card stud nothing
wild.  The winner gets to fuck her first."  I heard the cards being shuffled
for what seemed like an eternity.  'Oh god' I kept thinking 'hurry the fuck
up.'
The hand must have ended, I could hear them gathering around the chair to watch
me getting fucked by whoever won.  I could feel someone holding the back of the
chair, then hands grabbed my thighs and pulled me forward, hard.  I yelped in
pain as my crotch was pulled forward forcing my restrained thighs to part
further.  I thought I was going to be ripped in half.
Then I felt it his cock slammed into my open, wet, hot cunt splitting my swollen
cunt lips and entering me all the way in one thrust.  When his pubic bone at the
base of his cock slammed into my swollen sensitized clit I screamed through the
gag.  It felt like my clit exploded. I screamed, and I started cumming.  It felt
like my mind was melting, being sucked down through my body until there was
nothing in the universe except my cunt being fucked and my clit being slammed
hard with every in stroke.
Whoever was holding the back of the chair began to thrust me forward to meet his
powerful strokes.  I felt like my head exploded.  I have no really clear
memories of the night after that.  I know that I was fucked tied to the chair
for what seemed like forever.  I remember breaks from the pounding cocks when
the woman's tongue gently licked and cleaned my cunt.
Sometime during the night I was untied form the chair and, with my hands still
handcuffed pushed down on my knees with my breasts and face pushed into the
carpet.  The woman licked and tongue fucked my ass getting it ready for the men. 
The first man knelt behind me and, holding onto my handcuffed wrists pushed his
cock into my ass.  I was still gagged, and my face was pushed into the carpet so
no one heard me 'squealing like a pig' during my first ass fuck.
My nipples quickly got sore being rubbed back and forth on the carpet with each
thrust.  Even through the pain of my first ass fuckings and the soreness of my
nipples I was still cumming.  I oozed cunt juice and cum down my thighs where it
soaked into the carpet.  This room was going to smell like a cheap whorehouse by
the time we were done.
I remember having the gag finally removed from my mouth.  I didn't have time to
rub my jaw, a cock replaced it immediately.  Now, cocksucking is something I'm
good at and, even though I was kept off balance because my wrists were still
handcuffed, I new I could give them the blowjobs of their lives.  It seemed
though that they weren't interested in receiving a blowjob, they all wanted to
fuck my mouth, which is an entirely different thing.
One after another they slammed their cocks into my mouth and down my throat just
as vigorously as they'd fucked my cunt and my ass.  My lips became sore and
puffy as cock after cock fucked my mouth.  I was relieved when I finally felt
the woman's lips and tongue gently cleaning the cum from my face and
ministering to my swollen lips.
I vaguely remember hearing Mark say good-bye to the poker players.  I was still
blindfolded and handcuffed and had no idea what time it was.  It felt like I'd
been fucked non-stop for at least a week.  Mark gently picked me up from the
floor and carried me to the bedroom.  He placed me on the bed then to my
surprise he spread my legs and began to gently fuck my tired body.  I actually
fell asleep while he was fucking me and woke up some untold time later.
The blind fold and handcuffs were gone.  I gently felt my lips, then my clit and
cuntlips they were swollen and sore.  So all that I remembered had actually
happened, it hadn't been a dream.  I pushed myself up on my elbow so I could
see the clock over marks chest.  It was four o'clock in the afternoon.  As I
laid back down I wondered if it was the next day or a week later.
There was a glass of water on my bedside table, and only when I saw it did I
realize how thirsty I was.  I sucked it down without stopping for air.  'Isn't
that just like Mark' I thought as I drank the cool water. 'to make sure I had
some water when I woke up'.  As I put the empty glass back on the table I
noticed the remote control.  It had a sticky on it with a not instructing me to
watch the video that was in the VCR.
I turned on our big screen TV, then pressed the 'start' button.  The screen
was immediately filled with a picture of me tied to the chair with my clothes
still on.  I sat mesmerized watching myself being stripped then repeatedly
fucked by a bunch of men I didn't know.  As I watched my hands slowly drifted
to my breasts and my cunt.
When Mark finally woke up I climbed on top of him and rode his cock, leaning
over I said "Thanks for last night." I squeezed his cock with my cunt muscles,
"and thanks for the video."
I keep wondering, what will Mark do next year to top this?






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Norm DePloom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





