BDSM Library - It's Only a Game




It's Only a Game
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a slavegirl's autobiographical story. She submitted herself to her master. But nothing to worry about it. After all, it's just a game.
If you don't like sex stories, don't read it.
If you don't like stories about forced sex, don't read it.
If you are below the arbitrary age set for your area, don't read it.
If for any reason it is illegal for you to read this story, don't read it.
Copyright (c) 1998 Norm DePloom.  ALL Rights Reserved
This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written
permission of the author.  This story may be freely distributed with this notice
attached.  The author may be contacted at normdeploom@hotmail.com
All the characters and events in this story are fictional, any resemblance to
real people or events is entirely coincidental.




It's Only a Game
By
Norm DePloom
normdeploom@hotmail.com

He told me to write and tell you how I became his devoted slave.  My name
is...oh, He said not to use my name but just refer to myself as slut, whore or
bitch just like He does.  He is somewhat older...OK, He says I have to be
absolutely honest.  He is almost twice my age.  As far back as I can remember
I've had this "thing' for older men.  I think it has to do with...He says to
forget the analysis and get on with the story.  He and I had been dating for
several months, long enough that we had become intimate...He says not to use
euphemisms.  We had been dating long enough that we were fucking on a regular
basis.
One day while we were eating lunch in the almost empty employee lunchroom He
told me a fantasy He was having.  It was a fantasy about having me chained to a
bed and using me as His private fuck/rape toy.  I was shocked.  I was
flabbergasted.  He had always been gentle and kind to me.  Somewhat
authoritarian (which I think is what attracted me to him), but kind and gentle.
Lunch hour was over so I rushed back to my desk and avoided Him the rest of the
day.  As I sat at my computer terminal., I couldn't get that image out of my
mind.  I could see myself, naked, chained to the headboard, setting on a bare
mattress waiting for Him to come back and fuck me again.  I started squirming in
my chair and could feel my panties and panty hose getting soaked as that image
floated in my mind.  Finally I gave up and almost ran to the ladies room.
Once I was safely locked in one of the stalls I pulled down my panties and hose
and sat on the toilet.  Reaching between my legs I ran my fingertip up and down
my swollen cunt lips.  The whole area was so wet with lubricant that my finger
slipped easily inside me.  I bit my lower lip trying to keep from moaning as I
pushed a second finger into my cunt and began to rub little circles on my clit
with the other hand.
While I attended to the desperate need of my pussy I pictured my self once again
on the bed, my hair was matted with sweat and cum, I had obviously been fucked
many times without being allowed to wash my self.  He comes through the door. 
He pushes me down on my stomach.  He holds me down while He pushes Himself
deeply into me.  Oh god, I remember I came so hard I thought every one in the
building would hear me despite the three knuckles I was biting into.  It was the
best cum I'd ever had, with or without a cock inside me.  I fucked my self
twice more before quitting time.  Always the same thing driving my need, the
image of me chained to a bed and Him forcing Himself into my body.
The phone rang as soon as I got home.  It was Him.  He announced that He was
coming over.  It's only a ten-minute drive from his house to my apartment.  I
spent that ten minutes trying not to picture my self chained to that bare bed,
being fucked whenever He felt like it.  I also spent the time trying to deny the
growing wetness of my panties.
I jumped when the doorbell rang.  I pulled my hand out of my crotch (I hadn't
even realized that it was there), and hurried to the door to let Him in.  There
was something different about Him when He walked into my living room that day. 
That difference stirred a place deep in the pit of my stomach, a place I had
never admitted even existed before.  He sat in his favorite chair, then
indicated that I should sit on the couch.  As I walked to the couch and sat down
I had the feeling that He had become the owner of my apartment and everything I
owned.
"How many times did you masturbate this afternoon?"  He asked with extreme
bluntness.  I blushed deeper than I had ever blushed in my life.  I had never
discussed my "personal' stuff with anybody before, not even the men I fucked. 
I looked up at his face directly into his eyes, there was something in his look
that compelled me to answer, and to tell the truth.
"Three times." I answered my blush deepening.  I felt embarrassment and
humiliation sweeping over me.  To talk about my masturbating was bad enough, but
to admit that I did it three times because of that image of myself chained to a
bed was almost beyond what I could tolerate.
"We're going to act it out." He announced.
"Oh god, no." I said shaking my head.  I said "no' but I felt like a
waterfall had been installed in my cunt.
"Don't worry," He assured me, "it's only a game."  He stood up and pulled
me to my feet.  He walked me out to his car then got in himself and drove off
into the darkening night.  I sat next to him.  I could feel his body heat.  It
felt like I was on fire where ever He touched me.  I glanced down my rock hard
nipples showed, even through my bra and blouse.  Looking lower I could see a
dark circle forming in the crotch of my slacks where I'd leaked so much cunt
lubricant that it was soaking through.  My hands were shaking with fear.  Oh
god, I thought, what have I gotten myself into now?
He drove us out into the country then pulled over on the side of a lonely,
deserted road.  He got out of the car, then pulled me out after Him.  We walked
to the back of the car and He opened the trunk.
"This," He announced, "is where the kidnapping will take place."  He
proceeded to tie my hands behind my back, tie my legs together, blindfold me,
and finally put tape over my mouth to gag me.  Terror and wetness grew in equal
measure as I was bound.  After the binding was done, He pushed his hand down
inside my slacks, panty hose and panties to feel my wet cunt.
"You really are a little slut aren't you?" He asked with a sneer.  Despite
the gush from my cunt triggered by hearing myself called a slut, I felt hurt
that He would talk to me like that.  He pulled his hand out of my pants then
lifted me and dumped me into the trunk.  I heard the trunk lid slam and tried to
scream through my tape gag as the car jerked and bounced down the pothole filled
road.  I have no idea how long we drove, and to this day I have no idea where He
took me.  I remember He stopped twice to open the trunk lid, check that I was
OK, feel my tits and cunt then slam the lid shut again.
The third time we stopped He lifted me out of the trunk and, after untying my
legs walked me into a building.  I bumped into walls a few times but finally He
sat me down on the edge of a bed.  I felt something stiff being put around my
neck.  He stuck His hand between it and my neck to check its tightness.  I heard
chains rattling as He worked with the collar around my neck.
I felt him pulling at the corner of the tape over my eyes, then I screamed
through the tape over my mouth as He suddenly jerked the tape from my eyes in
one motion.  I looked around me.  I was in a bare room.  There was nothing on
the walls.  The only piece of furniture was the bed I'd been chained to.  The
walls were dull, dirty white.  One almost too bright light shone from the
ceiling fixture.  There was one door leading from the room, and no windows.  I
was setting on the edge of a bare mattress on an ornate but tarnished brass bed.
He left the tape over my mouth and untied my hands.  I watched the bulge in his
pants while He worked.  I wanted that in me more than I ever had before.  After
untying my hands He laid me on the bed and immediately tied my hands to the
headboard.  Then He shortened the chain so I could only lift my head about six
inches off the mattress before I started choking my self.  At this point I was
truly helpless, truly under his complete control, my very life depended on
keeping him happy.  He ran his hands over my body on top of my clothing.  When
He got to the wet crotch of my slacks He dug His fingers in deeply pushing the
material against my clit and cunt.  I moaned through my gag and moved my hips
pushing my aching cunt against His hand.
"God what a dirty little whore." He said as He turned and left the room.
Lying on the bed I had to squeeze my eyes shut because of the bright light.
Tears leaked down my temples and dripped off my ears onto the bare mattress. 
It's only a game He'd said.  I didn't want to play any more.  He walked back
into the room.  He had changed into a pair of sweat pants.  He pulled a wicked
looking bowie knife from behind his back.  My eyes must have bulged out like a
cartoon character.  Now I really didn't want to play any more.
I squealed and screamed and begged through the tape gag as that knife came
closer and closer to my face.  The point of the knife loomed only a half-inch
from my eyes.  Terror is the only word that comes to mind.  Terror and extreme
wetness like my cunt had become a fountain.  He put the point of the knife on my
skin, it was cold, I could feel its sharpness.  He slowly moved the point down
over my chin and down my neck.
"If I were you," He warned, "I'd lay perfectly still."  My body was
trembling all over, but I stayed as still as I could.  He moved the knife over
my clothes, not cutting, just dragging the tip.  Then in a lightening fast move
He slashed my blouse from just under my left breast all the way to the mattress. 
As He again moved the knifepoint over my clothes, I closed my eyes, I squeezed
them tight.  I thought I could stay still better if I didn't watch the knife
moving over my body.  I felt a stinging slap on my cheek, my head jerked to the
side.
"Open your eyes, bitch." He yelled at me.  Then He stuck a small pillow under
the back of my head to make it easier for me to watch the knife action.  I cried
and got angry as the knife slashed at my clothes.  I was wearing my brand new
blouse and slacks.  I had only worn them once before.  I had paid more for them
than I usually do to impress Him.  The pattern continued, He would play the
knifepoint over my clothes and skin then, with a sudden flick of his wrist lash
out and slash more of my clothing away.  It must have taken an hour before my
naked body was lying on top of the torn rags that used to be my clothes.
His sweat pants were tented out where His hard cock pressed against the soft
cottony inside.  He looked at me then placed the point of his knife on the front
of His sweat shorts and slashed downward.  Oh god no, I thought, I was afraid He
was going to cut His cock off and I desperately needed to be fucked.  The fabric
parted and His large hard cock slipped into view sticking out through the newly
created fly.  It looked beautiful, I would have licked my lips if they hadn't
been taped shut.
I wanted to beg Him to fuck me.  I could not remember ever being as scared as
I'd been when He was slashing my clothes, and I could not remember ever needing
to be fucked as much as I did right that moment.  With His hard cock sticking
out the front of His sweat pants He approached me with the knife again.  This
time He teased every inch of my skin with the point, edge and flat of the cold
steel knife.
When He reached my breasts He spiraled the knifepoint up the breast until it was
resting on my nipple.  He slowly increased the pressure while I held my breath
afraid to move.  Slowly the point sank into the crinkled skin of my erect
nipple.  He just barely pushed it into the skin, then pulled it out.  A drop of
red blood appeared on the nipple.  He leaned over and after licking the drop of
blood from my rock hard nipple, pulled my nipple into his warm wet mouth and
sucked on it like He was trying to get more blood.
I moaned deeply as He sucked on my nipple.  My breath was coming in ragged
gasps.  My body was covered with sweat from fear and from the temperature in the
room.  He released my nipple and moved the knife down over my heaving stomach. 
He twirled it in my belly button before moving it further down through my pubic
hair.  He stopped right at the top of my cunt, just above my clit.
"Lift your legs and spread them as wide as you can." He ordered.  I did as I
was told.  "Now, if you treasure your clit be perfectly still."  I froze, more
in terror than by my will.  I watched with horror filled eyes as He flicked the
point of His razor sharp knife back and forth over my clit.  After playing with
my clit He moved down lower and began to gently pry my sticky cunt lips apart
with the knifepoint.  Using the thumb and index finger of his other hand He held
my cunt lips open as He carefully moved the knifepoint over the inside walls of
my cunt opening.
My cunt was so wet His knife slipped over the walls with no resistance.  He
scooped a bunch of my juices up with the knife blade then, bringing the knife up
to his mouth, licked them off the blade while He stared into my eyes.  I felt
another gush of liquid oozing out of my cunt and running down toward my asshole. 
God I wanted this man to fuck me.  Wanted? No. I needed him to fuck me.  I
needed to be fucked hard, so hard it hurt.  I was trembling with fear but I was
afraid of my emotions and overpowering lust not the knife He was using to
stimulate my body.  I was afraid of my need to be fucked like a nasty whore and
then left waiting to be fucked again.
All my life, even when I was "fucking around' I had denied and tried to hide
this dark side of my soul.  Now I had no choice but to give into it, to let it
wash over me and take over my mind and body.  Please fuck me, I yelled through
the gag as I stared into His bright shinning eyes.  He gently laid his hand on
my trembling stomach.  With His other hand He grabbed the tape gagging my mouth
and ripped it off my face.
"OH GOD."  I screamed partially from pain and partially from mindless lust. 
"Please fuck me..."  My request was interrupted by another slap that snapped
my head over the other direction.  I was sure I now had red handprints on each
of my cheeks.
"Shut the fuck up."  He said with cold menace in his voice.  "No body gives a
fuck what a nasty little whore like you thinks or wants."  He ran his hands
over my naked breasts then down over my trembling stomach.  "You will not speak
again unless I ask you a question or give you permission."
"But..." He slipped his hand into my pubic bush, then grabbed a handful and
almost picked me up off the bed by my pubic hair.
"Are you that stupid?" He asked me.  He began to twist his handful of pubic
hair. "I ask you a question, slut."
"NO" I screamed in pain.
"Then why," He asked as He released His grip on my pubic hair then gently
rubbed my pubic bush like He was trying to erase the pain He had just caused,
"don't you follow the simple rules I lay out for you?"  He looked at me
quizzically, then began to tighten his grip on my pubic hair when I did not
answer quickly enough.
"I don't know." I sobbed.  To my own astonishment my cunt continued to beg
for a fucking through all of this pain and humiliation.  If anything my need
grew stronger with the pain and humiliation.
"Of course you don't." He said, once again soothing my pubic region with
gentle massage.  "We can't expect a slutty little cunt to know why she does
anything."  He moved His hand lower, curling one finger over my clit and into
my sopping wet cunt.  My pelvis spasmed and jerked my cunt up against the
invading finger.
"Oh, does my lil slut want to be fucked?"  He teased me as He sank a second
finger into me.
"Yessssss.' I hissed in utter desperation.  "Yesss, please fuck me." I
begged with no regard for how slutty I sounded.  Still fucking his fingers in
and out of my cunt He moved around and knelt on the bed beside my head.  Leaning
over, He pushed the head of his hard cock against my lips.
"You've got to suck me first." He announced, as He pulled His fingers from my
wet cunt and teased my clit with the tip of one finger.  I spread my lips and
sucked His cock into my hot wet mouth more eagerly than I had ever welcomed a
cock before.
With expert precision He flicked my clit and kept me right on the brink of
orgasm while I sucked His hard cock deeper and deeper into my mouth.  I had
never "deep throated' a man before.  I had always gagged and pulled back, so I
was completely surprised when my nose was tickled by His kinky pubic hair.  In
my lust and need to be fucked I had taken Him into my throat without gagging.
With His right hand He continued teasing my clit.  With His left hand supporting
Him self He began to pump his cock in and out of my open mouth.  I could feel
the head of his hard cock fucking in and out of my throat with each stroke. 
Having my mouth fucked like it was a cunt turned out to be not so difficult
after all.  I just relaxed and swirled my tongue over as much of His cock shaft
as I could reach.  That and sucking in a breath of air every time his cock head
was pulled out far enough to allow it.
Every time His finger flicked across my swollen clit I'd moan against His cock
in frustration.  I kept thinking that if He'd just flicked it a hundredth of a
second sooner I'd have cum.  As I moved my hips trying to push my clit harder
against His teasing finger I could feel a large wet spot already developing on
the bed under my ass.
He moaned a deep growly moan and pushed His cock as far down my throat as it
would go.  I felt it twitching deep in my throat as He pumped cum directly into
my stomach.  I began to panic, my air was cut off and He seemed to be in no
hurry to let His "lil slut' breath again.  My body began to buck against Him
in desperation.  Finally He slowly pulled His cock from deep in my throat and I
gasped for air.
I laid on the bed panting for a few minutes before I came to the conclusion that
He must be right.  I must be one of the world's biggest sluts.  I'd just had
my mouth raped and my need to be fucked was stronger and more urgent than ever. 
I didn't want to get slapped again (although as I thought back on it I realized
that each slap was accompanied by a renewed flow of lubricant in my cunt) so I
stayed quite and waited to see what He was going to do next.  I began to gyrate
my hips, with my legs spread, hoping to entice him with the sluttiness of my
display.  I felt both humiliated and excited by the slutty display I was putting
on trying to get Him to notice my aching need to be fucked.
I was encouraged by the fact that His cock stayed hard even after dumping a load
down my throat, but my hopes for an immediate fucking disappeared when He turned
and walked from the room.  I pulled on my wrist restraints, but they were tight
and I could not get my hands loose.  All I would have done if I could have
gotten a hand loose is to fuck my own cunt.  He walked back into the room.
"Oh God no." I screamed when I saw what He was carrying.  I crossed my legs to
hide my wet cunt and pulled my elbows in trying to cover my tits while I
attempted to turn my body away from him.  He held His Polaroid SX70 camera up
and grinned at me.
"No!" I yelled at him, "No, you're not going to take pictures of me like
this."  God, how could I allow pictures like this?  No telling what would be
done with them.  I'd just die if any of my family or friends saw them.  I could
just imagine the snickering and whispered name-calling I'd have to suffer
through if they got out at work.  My reputation would be ruined.  My parents
would have heart attacks if they saw them.  Never in my life, I told myself,
would I cooperate with this picture taking.
I waited, expecting a slap on the but, or for him to sit down on the bed and try
to talk me into letting him take the pictures.  Other men had tried to talk me
into it and I'd never allowed them to.  To my surprise He stepped over to the
foot of the bed and grabbed my left ankle (the one on top) and pulled my legs
apart as easily as I would have a wishbone.  Holding my leg up He pointed the
camera at my crotch and pushed the shutter button.  The flash went off directly
into my eyes since I had been looking directly into the camera without realizing
it.
I heard the whir of the camera's motor and the square undeveloped picture
popped out.  He took the picture from the camera and sat on the foot of the bed
with his back to me.  Realizing that He was going to take the pictures whether I
wanted him to or not, I began to cry softly.  I wanted to burrow my face into
the mattress, but I could not get turned over that far.
"Please," I begged him softly letting my sobs be heard hoping to soften his
heart.  "Please don't take pictures of me like this."  I waited a minute for
a response then continued.  "You said it was just a game...I don't want this
to be part of the game."
"Did I ask you a question?" He finally responded without turning around.
"No." I answered meekly.
"Then shut the fuck up." He barked at me. "I don't give a damn what you want
or don't want to be part of the game."  He turned and looked at me in a way
that actually scared me.  "I say what's in the game and what's not."  He
grabbed my ankle again and pulled me onto my back.  "You just do as your
fucking told."  He held the developed picture up where I could see it.  I was
amazed, the surprised look on my face was almost comical.  But what really
startled me was how clearly you could see the wetness shining on my cunt lips,
pubic hair, and even the tops of my inner thighs.  It was obvious that I was
incredibly turned on by what was being done to me.
"Now," He continued as He pinned the picture up on the wall where I could see
it but would not be able to reach it.  "I have a picture that proves what a
dirty little slut you are, so you might as well cooperate with the rest of
them."  He grinned at me.  "You know I'll take them anyway."  He was right,
I reasoned, what use was there in fighting it.
"Lift your legs and spread them just as far as you can." He ordered.  Even
though I had decided that cooperation was the best policy it took all of my will
power to force my legs up and apart.  I watched as He moved the camera in close,
about a foot from my cunt and snapped another picture.  Then He moved back and
took a picture looking up between my lifted and separated legs so my tits and
face could be seen framed by my cunt and my spread legs.
"Lick your lips and give the camera lens the sluttiest look you can manage." I
licked my lips and tried to look slutty for the camera.  To my amazement I was
beginning to ooze cunt juice again.  My nipples were rock hard and I was really
enjoying looking slutty for the camera.  I knew these pictures would give Him a
level of control over my life that no one else had ever had and, I suddenly
admitted to myself, I loved it.  Suddenly a feeling of freedom and liberation
flowed over my body.  I spread my legs even further, tried harder to look like a
whore and a slut for Him.
"Fifty dollars for a fuck?" I said playing out the part of the whore.  He
laughed at me.  I felt crushed and humiliated.
"Fifty dollars?" He asked sarcastically.  "You're a ten dollar whore."  I
felt like crying.  I didn't mind being a whore for Him, but I wanted to be at
least a fifty-dollar whore.  I thought of myself as a classy call girl type,
well dressed, seeing an exclusive clientele.  He pushed my legs even further
apart, then spread my cunt lips apart with his fingers so he could take a
picture looking right down into my still wet pussy.
"You my dear are a ten dollar whore.  A slut walking the streets willing to do
anything any man wants for ten dollars."  He turned and walked out of the room
leaving me leaking tears and staring at the bright light in the ceiling.  I
didn't want to be a ten-dollar whore, but what choice did I have?  As it stood
He could actually sell me for ten dollars and I couldn't stop Him.  A moment
later He came back into the room and pushed a folded up ten-dollar bill into my
wet cunt then took several pictures of it.  There was no question what those
pictures communicated.  They went up on the wall with the rest of the pictures
and He left the room again.  Leaving me with the ten-dollar bill still in my
cunt.
He came back moments later with a can of shaving cream and a couple of towels. 
After pulling the now wet ten-dollar bill from my pussy he squirted the cream on
my pubies and began to rub it in.  I had never had my pubic hair shaved before. 
I had always thought it was a really slutty thing to do.  I mean what good
decent girl would shave of her pubic hair and expose her cunt.  I tried to
picture what I was going to look like without my pubic hair.  I pictured a bare
"little girl' looking slit with my wet pouty cunt lips sticking out saying
"hi' to the world.
Once He had me "all lathered up' He produced that menacing looking bowie knife
from underneath the bed.  I started to pull away when it approached my crotch,
then decided I'd better lay still and let Him do what He wanted to.  The
process of having my pubic hair scraped off with that huge gleaming bowie knife
ignited my passion once again.  The pulling on the skin, His hands pulling my
pussy this way and that to get at my pubic hair soon had my cunt dripping more
than ever.  He finished the shave and after wiping off the remnants of the
shaving lotion with a towel, ran his hands over my crotch to test its
smoothness.
God, I never expected the wonderful feeling of his warm hands on my now bare
skin.  When he wasn't touching me I could feel every little air current that
wafted by my cunt.  My clit stuck out above my wet cunt lips and begged for
attention.  After taking several minutes to feel the smoothness of my freshly
shaved skin He ran his hand down over my cunt, curling one of his fingers into
my hot oh so wet pussy.   I moaned loudly with the pleasure of his hand on my
bare skin and his finger probing into me.
"Oh god please fuck me." I begged on the verge of crying from frustration.  He
moved his finger in and out of me a few more times then removed his hand from my
crotch.
"No," he said, "you're not ready yet."  I began to cry, I cried like a
little baby and begged Him to fuck me.  He watched me cry and smiled that wicked
smile that sends chills down my spine even today then turned and left the room
again.  I crossed my legs and rubbed my thighs together trying to bring myself
to orgasm.  He must have been watching me, He came back into the room just
before I started to cum.
"Stop that you dirty little whore." He bellowed so loud that it made me jump. 
I had closed my eyes both because of the bright light and to help with my
fantasy while I rubbed my legs together.  My fantasy had been simple He was
fucking me hard and fast instead of leaving me chained and frustrated while he
played with me and tortured me with pleasure.  He stormed across the room and
ordered me to spread my legs.
"If you close your legs you will really be sorry." He warned me I spread my
legs as ordered and watched as He produced a yard stick from behind His back and
in one motion slammed it down across my cunt.  I remember I screamed.  I also
remember I came, hard, harder than I ever had before in my life.  As He pulled
the yardstick back and prepared to slam it down on my cunt again I felt my clit
and my cunt lips throbbing.  The orgasmic wave subsided and it took all of my
will power to hold my legs apart while I waited for the second blow from the
yardstick.  I wanted to close my legs.  I wanted to protect my tender flesh from
the bite and sting of that cruel wood stick.
I don't remember how many times he brought that yardstick down on my clit and
pussy.  I only remember that each time it hurt worse than anything I'd ever
felt.  It hurt, but it also sent waves of orgasmic pleasure through my body. 
I'd heard about pain and pleasure mixing together but until that moment I had
never really believed that it was true.  Don't get me wrong it hurt like a
bitch, but that pain drove my orgasm to levels of intensity I never new existed. 
And to be truthful, the intensity of those orgasms scared me more than the pain
of the pussy spanking.
The intensity of the orgasms scared me because I new from the very first blow of
that yardstick on my freshly shaved cunt that I was addicted to those intense
orgasms and that I would do anything, and I mean anything, to have them again. 
I also knew beyond any doubt that if He could make me cum like that then I would
be his slave forever.
After the last blow he turned and walked out of the room leaving me writhing
naked on the bare mattress.  My cunt hurt from the blows and I was panting from
multiple orgasms but I still had an over whelming need to be fucked.  Even the
most intense cum does not satisfy my need to have a cock slamming into my cunt. 
Eventually I fell into an uneasy sleep and began to dream.
In my dream I was moaning loudly and desperately for a fuck.  He came into the
room and set up a table with a cash register on it.  Through the open door I
could see a line of men stretching out to the horizon.  He started calling in a
loud voice like a carnival barker.
"Step right up and ride the whore.  Only ten dollars per ride.  Step right up. 
Pay your Ten spot and ride the slut."  In my dream I as so desperate for a fuck
that I could hardly wait for the first man to climb onto me.  The dream
dissolved into a surrealistic montage of men climbing onto me to "ride the
whore', His voice urging them to pay their ten bucks for a slut ride, and Him
occasionally stopping the men to take a picture of my cunt.  After labeling each
picture with the number of men who had fucked me and the amount of money
collected, He would pin them up on the wall then go back to the cash register.
With all these men climbing on and off of me in the dream you'd think my need
to be fucked would get satisfied, but it only made it worse.  The feeling of
frustration kept building.  It seemed that the more the men in the dream fucked
me the more desperate I got for a real fuck.  Suddenly I snapped awake hearing
my own voice screaming at him to fuck me.
I laid on the bed, my hands and neck still chained to the headboard, and stared
at the bright light directly over me.  My breathing was hard and raspy.  I
squeezed my thighs together realizing that I needed to pee, desperately.  I was
going to have to call to him and tell him that.  I put it off as long as I
could.  Having to tell him that I needed to pee was just too humiliating.
You need to understand I've always had problems with going to the bathroom.  If
I think anyone will be able to hear the pee hitting the water I always turn on
the faucet and the exhaust fan if there is one.  At work I tell my co-workers
that I'm going to get a coke then stop by the bathroom on the way back.  Even
at home when He was there, even if we'd just fucked, I'd close the door and
turn on the water and the fan before I would pee.  I always thought men were
lucky, they could aim their pee at the porcelain above the water line so no one
would hear them.
Finally I had to call to him.  If I waited any longer I'd pee on the bed, and I
just knew that He'd make me lay in it all night.  I yelled out "Hey, I've got
to pee'.  It seemed like an hour passed, I was squeezing my legs together
trying not to dribble on the bed.  I was just about to yell again when He walked
into the room.  I could tell immediately that this was going to be embarrassing,
he was carrying a large metal pot and his camera.
He untied my hands then loosened the chain attached to my collar.  I was led to
the foot of the brass bed then told to squat with my back against the foot of
the bed.  He made me reach over my shoulders and hold on to the brass footboard. 
Then he pushed my elbows and my knees as far apart as he could get them.  I
could feel my face burning with embarrassment already.  He stood back and
snapped a couple of pictures of me kneeling with my legs spread.  All I could
think of was how humiliating this was going to be.  That, and how much I wanted
Him to fuck me.
He placed the metal pot under me, then produced a small recorder from the pocket
of His sweat pants and after starting it running placed it right beside the
metal pot.  Then he stood there looking at me.  Watching me and waiting. I could
see His cock growing inside his pants.  I looked up at His face and saw the
superior looking smirk on His mouth.  Despite the desperateness of my need to
pee, I couldn't relax and let it flow.  Every time I started to relax I would
think about the sound it was going to make hitting that empty metal put
underneath me, and I'd clamp down again.
He reached down and began to stroke himself through His sweat pants while He
watched me struggling with my humiliation and need to pee.  Finally the need to
pee overcame my humiliation and embarrassment and I relaxed.  The sound of my
pee hitting the bottom of the pot seemed to be louder than anything I'd ever
heard.  He immediately began to take pictures as fast as the camera would
operate.  Close ups of the pee squirting our of me and overall shots showing my
red face looking directly into the camera.
It seemed like the stream of pee splashing into the metal pot would go on
forever.  When it was finally over He dabbed me dry with a handkerchief, it felt
like a jolt of high voltage electricity surged through my body when he touched
me.  Then picked up the pot and recorder and walked out of the room.  He had not
given me permission to move so I stayed, kneeling against the foot of the bed
holding onto the brass railing over my shoulders with my legs and knees as far
open as I could hold them.
When He came back into the room, He walked over and stood in front of me I
looked up into his intense eyes.  I wanted to beg him to fuck me.  I momentarily
thought that he was going to pee on me and the thought sent an unexpected thrill
through me.  He pulled His hard cock out of his pants and pushed it up against
my lips.  I sucked him eagerly into my mouth.  I'd always loved sucking on his
cock, and I'd always loved the taste of his cum.  The only problem was that I
was aching to be fucked.  I felt it like a physical need, like hunger, like
thirst.  I don't know how to get across to you how much of this was a real
physical need, not just a desire.
I admit, I whimpered like a dog when he pulled his cock out of my mouth.  God, I
thought, if your not going to fuck me at least let me suck on it.  He pulled me
to my feet and after turning me around pushed me forward over the brass railing. 
My head, tits and stomach were lying on the bare mattress.  I spread my legs in
eager anticipation.  At last, I thought He's going to fuck me.  I felt the head
of his cock rubbing up and done my wet cunt lips.  Don't tease me, I thought, I
can't stand it.  I felt like I'd die if he didn't push His cock inside me.
"Does my little slut want to be fucked?" He asked me teasingly.
"Oh god yes," I answered, "please fuck me."
"What are you willing to do to get fucked?" His tone became much more serious.
"Anything," I whimpered, "god I'll do anything for you just fuck me." I
continued to beg.
"Tell me what," He demanded continuing to tease me with his cockhead, "and be
specific."
"Every thing I have," a sobbed, "you can have it all."
"Will you give your body to me?" he asked. "Forever?"
"Yes, it's yours." I answered without hesitation.
"Will you give me your soul?" he asked with total seriousness.
"Yes, it's yours."  I felt a sudden release inside me.  I realized that this
was what I'd wanted for years.  Total submission to a man.  "Yes, I'll gladly
trade my freedom and dignity for a fuck." I finished.  It must have pleased
Him, He sank His large hard cock into me in one powerful thrust.  I felt like I
was being taken more thoroughly than I had ever been taken before and I started
cuming before he was done with His first stroke.
The rest of that fuck is pretty much a blur in my memory.  I was cuming the
whole time.  I remember I screamed repeatedly for him to fuck me harder and
harder.  I remember promising over and over to be His slut, His whore, His
slave. I fucked myself back onto his cock with more enthusiasm than I'd shown
for a fuck in many years.  I screamed every dirty, filthy, slutty, whorish thing
I could think of while he pounded into me like a jackhammer.
I don't remember the fuck ending.  I just remember that sometime later I was
lying in His arms on the bed.  I was still chained by the neck to the brass rail
on the headboard, but I no longer cared.  He could keep me chained there as long
as He wanted.  I snuggled into His neck and kissed gently just below His ear.
Then I whispered "thank you Master'.  I didn't have to be instructed to call
Him "Master'.  I new down to my very core that He was my Master and that He
always would be.
----------------------------------
The other day upon the stair
I met a man who wasn't there
He wasn't there again today
I wish I wish he'd go away





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Norm DePloom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





