BDSM Library - The Longest Night




The Longest Night
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An arrogant male finds himself in the dungeon of three extremely creative dommes.
The Longest Night

The slave hung from his wrists, suspended a foot off the tiled floor of my
dungeon. I had personally put him there for the sole purpose of making his night
with me the horniest and most debasing he had ever experienced. His wrists were
encased in solid leather shackles chained to a spreader bar. Nipple clamps
furiously demanded his attention, and his thighs were spread nearly painfully
open, thanks to another bar. He looked rather docile already.

"Not feeling quite so confident?", I cooed, slowly walking around behind him. My
heels rang a stacatto beat on the hard floor. He mumbled something about
possesion. My riding crop whipped through the air, and connected with his left
asscheek. He jumped, but was going nowhere.

"Speak up!", I demanded.

"I'm under your control, Mistress," he answered breathily.

"That you are, my pet. So, let's get started! Susan! Leia! Get out here!"

My two beautiful slavegirl assistants appeared in the outfits I had decided
would best frustrate my poor slave. Susan walked in, breasts bouncing, in an
ultra-lowcut black silk catsuit that followed her curves like a second skin. In
contrast, Leia entered wearing high heels, a thong panty, a black garter with
stockings, high slave collar, and a pair of nipple rings connected by a thin
silver chain. While her appearence was that of a slave, her imagination ran to
other pleasures. I knew she'd have fun working this slave over.

"You both look wonderful, girls. Now, to business. It is now 9 PM, and this
slave is with us for 24 hours only. When he leaves, I want him a changed man. He
is to be given such treatment as to make him submissive to any and all women
from this day on. As you know, given a few weeks, such a task would be tediously
simple. Think we can do it in a day?" I asked, running my fingernails across his
chest.

They both smiled wickedly as he looked on, helplessly dangling from the ceiling.

Locking her eyes on his, Susan languidly approached the apprehensive male, and
bent over to examine his swollen cock. I saw his eyes fall to her bosom and
linger, which I'm sure Susan had planned. She crouched next to his genitals, and
blew softly across them, warming them with her breath, yet never touching. The
effect was delicious to watch. The slave's cock immediately jumped from the
stimulation, but Susan had anticipated this, and withdrew just enough to keep
her maddeningly warm breath on his frustrated manhood.

The slave twisted and turned in futile attempts to either come in contact with
Susan or to escape her devilish torture. Susan knew her game well, though, and
played with him for fully 5 minutes before stepping back. The poor boy hung limp
in his bonds, exhausted.

"Yes, I think I can handle this one," she quipped, smiling.

"My turn," hissed Leia. She walked straight up to him, and quickly grabbed his
cock tightly. She then walked away with a tight fist around his hard cock. Since
he was hung from a single eyebolt, slaveboy was pulled by his cock behind Leia.
She took him 15 feet or so away, by which point he was now three feet off the
floor and in some distress, judging by the whimpers coming from his direction.

I saw Leia remove a small jar from the shelf on the far wall, and open it with
one hand. After inserting a finger in the jar, she returned it to the shelf.
Looking the slave in the eyes, she silently applied the same finger to the head
of his cock. Slaveboy immediately began yelping and begging for mercy while
trying to thrust his hips. Leia held him tight for a moment more, then released
him. He swung from the far corner of the room to my direction, then back again,
all the time gasping and crying for Leia's mercy.

"You're currently enjoying a special concoction I made for slave wimps. The main
ingredient is Red Pepper Extract, though most of it is just olive oil," she
called to him as he swung back and forth, bucking and whimpering.

"I don't think he likes it," I said, laughing, enjoying the show.

"That's too bad," replied Leia. "Maybe I added a bit too much pepper... Oh
well."

"You're heartless, Leia," grinned Susan, grabbing the slave, and stopping his
swinging. "I think some pleasure is in order here," she said, reaching down to
his cock.

Susan began stroking him slowly, from the thick base to the reddened tip and
back down again. The male groaned loudly.

"Thank you Mistress Susan. Thank you!" he moaned. "That feels so good..."

"My pleasure," she replied, speeding up. As her hand worked his cock faster and
faster, he started bucking into her hand, moaning in long, low sounds of
ecstasy. Susan played with his nipple clamps, tugging them gently, kissing his
chest, his face. He was obviously very close.

"Yes! Don't stop! I'm going to come!!!" he cried.

Susan leaned close, and purred in his ear. "Slaveboy...?"

"Yes?! Yes Mistressss?" He was on the edge, ready to come like he never had
before.

"You're NOT coming." she whispered in his ear, and released his throbbing cock.

"NO! PLEASE MISTRESS I'LL DO ANYTHING. ANYTHING!!!" he cried out, but Susan
chuckled, and stepped back to look at him. He was in a miserable state of
desire. His cock still jerked spasmodically, yearning for contact, but found
only cold, empty air. His breath came in ragged gulps, and he hung there with
his head low, cock bobbing.

"You two are simply a delight to watch," I said. "Still, it will take much more
than that to break this proud male, won't it, slaveboy?" I sneered.

"No... no Mistress! I'm your slave! I want to please you and your- your
assistants. Please..."

"I see. And you will do anything I ask?"

"Yes. Yes! Anything..."

"Good," I replied. "I have a handsome young stud upstairs. You will now take his
cock. Anywhere I ask. Susan, bring Patrick down will you?"

"Yes Mistress!" she replied, turning to go upstairs.

"Cock? Another man? Mistress, please!!! Not that! Anything but that! Please..."
he whined pitifully.

"You don't want to be my little cocksucker? Very well. Obviously we have a long
night ahead of us. Leia, bring that brass box over here..."

Leia and Susan both laughed deeply, knowing full well what was in store for him.
Leia ran quickly, and brought the requested item to me. She lay the 3 X 2 foot
box at my feet, and knelt there smiling.

Being a Mistress has so many rewards.

"Wha-what's in the box?" stammered slaveboy. He seemed rather concerned.

"I don't really have a name for this treatment, but I'm sure you will later this
evening..." I answered.

The girls both asked if they could help, but I refused. There are some pleasures
I refuse to share.

The box contained several items. The first was a large container of a popular
facial-cleansing paste. Once applied, its original purpose was to deeply clean
the pores by contracting as it dried and thereby remove any oils, etc. But I'd
long since developed a better use for it.

I poured a generous amount into a small wooden bowl, and took out a number 7
brush. Pulling up a chair, I positioned myself directly in front of the curious
male. I dipped the brush into the pink paste, and leisurely rolled it around.
When I'd collected enough, I began painting his cock with it.Starting at the
base, I slathered coat over coat upon his disappearing manhood. I worked my way
up to the head, which was still red from Leia's ministrations.

By the time I'd finished, his cock was nothing more than a bulging pink
protuberance. He looked down at it with a mixture of apprehension and
appreciation.

"Thank you Mistress. It feels very nice," he said.

"Yes, I'm told it does. For the first 5 minutes," I replied.

"Wha-what happens after that?" he asked, wide-eyed.

"See you later, slave. Come, girls. Time for some refreshments. Breaking slaves
is such thirsty work," I called out.

We then left the dungeon, and I closed and locked the door behind me. We
actually did have some refreshment (a nice '78 Merlot), but I really just wanted
to watch the unfortunate slave through the video camera set in the dungeon
ceiling. And what a sight he was. Squirming and moaning inhis bonds, he was a
sweaty mass of desperation! The three of us greatly enjoyed viewing the hot
scene on the monitor. I wasn't surprised when I noticed Susan's hand snaking
down between her legs. Soon thereafter, Leia joined her, and low whimpers of
pleasure escaped their lips. What the hell, I thought, and joined the fun.

A sweaty hour later, we were recovering, and putting on our slave-breaking
outfits again. I checked the monitor. Slaveboy was long past that exquisite
agony phase, and well into pure hell. The paste I'd applied had been working
it's maddening itch on his cock for more than an hour. He now just hung there,
despondent, gently crying tears of unimaginable wretchedness. Should be damn
maliable by now, I thought.

We returned downstairs, and he called out for us as soon as he heard our
approaching footsteps. We all went to him, and ran our hands over his body,
teasing, pulling. Everywhere except where he needed it the most. He babbled
unintelligibly about servitude and the supremeness of the female, etc.

"Susan, bring a number four gag, please," I asked, bored.

"With pleasure, Mistress," she answered, bringing the item to me. A number four
simply meant a penis gag with a 4 inch extension. It does wonders for a
motormouth slave.

"Wrap your lips around this, cocksucker," I growled, forcing the phallus deep
into his mouth. I quickly pulled the straps tight, and buckled them behind his
head. The poor man had trouble with it at first, but soon learned to breath
through his nose slowly. He instinctively kept sucking the faux cock, eager to
be allowed any action whatsoever.

"Much improved," I noted. "And now for your backside. I think a good whipping is
in order. Leia, bring that 12 inch cat o' nine tails."

"Here you are Mistress," she said, handing me the whip. "That should really wear
him down."

"Thank you, Leia. I quite agree." I shook out the tails, and ran a few practice
swipes through the air. The slashing whir they made would strike fear into any
slave's heart. This one was no exception. He tried to get away, as they always
do, but he succeeded only in giving me a more challenging target.

The first five strokes were moderate, just to get his attention. I've had a lot
of experience with whips. To keep in practice, I've even wrapped bullwhips
around balloons without breaking them. I allowed the cat to curve around his
hips only.

The next five grew sterner by comparison. These I directed into the crack
between his buttocks and upper rear thighs. This is a rather sensitive area, and
he reacted as such. No matter.

I then gave him five strokes where it counts. These I let curve between his
cheeks, and strike the delicate skin there and just below the balls.
Occasionally, a tail would flick around, and kiss his balls with sharp fiery
lust. Oops.

The only sounds coming from him now were low gurgles from behind the large
phallus held tightly in his mouth. His ass slowly turned a rosy flushed pink,
and I decided his inside should be seen to, as well.

"Leia, Susan, bring our guest over to the Intruder, please," I instructed,
walking to another section of the dungeon to get ready. The girls pulled him by
his nipple clamps, and he had little choice but to be led to me and the four
foot tall pole coming up from the floor. The Intruder, as I called it, was a
dastardly effective dildo. Five inches wide at it's base, it narrowed to one
inch across at the top with a smooth curved tip upon it. I greased the top five
inches of the huge phallus, then had an inspiration.

"Slaveboy, since you're so enjoying my cock paste, why don't we give you some
more of it? Inside?" He didn't like this idea, and grunted incoherently. I
smiled, and applied copious amounts to the Intruder.

"There we go," I cheerfully exclaimed. "Girls, you know what to do."

Grinning, they pulled him over and above the waiting dildo. Leia and Susan
reached down and spread his asscheeks, positioning him perfectly overthe
menacing pole, then looked to me for the order.

"Lower him," I commanded. He was slowly lowered to the Intruder. As the tip
reached his asshole, he stiffened.

"Relax. It will only be harder on you," I told him.

Slowly, centimeter by centimeter, his own weight pulled him down upon the
unyielding dildo. Soon, the girls released him, and stood aside to watch his
growing predicament. As the pole impaled him deeper, his desent slowed, until
finally, he stopped with about five and 1/2 inches in him, according to the
graduated measurements inscribed on the pole.

"Not at all bad for a novice," I complimented him. "Of course, the paste
probably helped, but you'll soon feel the downside in that. In the meantime,
Leia will continue with the treatment. Leia?"

"Thank you Mistress. This is my favorite part," she replied happily. She went to
the brass box, and removed a brush and bowl like before, only larger. This
container held a gooey white mixture known as Plaster of Paris. It goes on
easily, but dries to a rock hard density, as anyone who's ever been in a cast
can verify.

The pink paste I had appied earlier had now dried and lost its effectiveness.
Leia quickly scrubbed it off, and we watched the flakes fall like pink snow
between his legs, leaving a naked, sensitive and bristling clean cock behind. My
slave moaned in pleasure at the attention his privates were receiving.

Leia looked up at him. "Enjoy it while you can. You won't be so happy soon."

Leia took the brush, and wasted no time in covering his manhood in the sticky
mixture. When a thick coat had been applied, she then took several strips of
white cloth from the box, and wrapped them around the man's cock.

"This is to give the cast more strength," she politely explained to the impaled
slave, who could barely pay much attention to what was being done to him down
there. With the cloth layer in place, she applied a second coat of plaster to
finish the job. With all that done, his cock looked about twice the size it had
when he had first arrived.

"There you go," she cooed, patting his cheek. "In about 30 minutes, your cock
will be encased in a rock hard shell that you won't be able to remove. By the
way, since I applied the first coat directly to your cock, without a protective
layer of cloth, the itching you've had for the past hour will grow unbearably
worse. Have fun!" Leia laughed, and turned away.

"Leia, how did you come to be such a bitch?" Susan asked with a smirk on her
lips.

"Just a natural talent, I suppose," she replied.

I heard long grunts from behind the slave's gag. I assumed those were pleas for
mercy, promises of total obedience, etc. I tightened the nipple clamps.

"We do seem to be hearing a lot from you, slaveboy. Maybe the gag isn't doing
the trick. Would you prefer the real thing?" I asked sweetly.

Suffice it to say that the slave wasn't quite done with his training yet.

"Fine. Then we'll finish up the pain segment, and start into humilation. Susan,
choose a toy from the wall. Nothing pleasant."

Susan glided to the wall, and took her time perusing my many instruments of
torture. Twice she chose something, then put it back. Finally, she returned with
a contraption of leather straps and steel rings.

"A delightful choice, Susan. Go ahead and introduce our guest to it," I
instructed.

She stepped over to the hanging, impaled, gagged slave and held the parachute up
for his view. She made quite a sight with the black silk catsuit tightly
containing her more than ample breasts and a diabolical sex toy in her hand.

"This is known as a parachute," she began. "It wraps around your balls, and then
serves as a convenient place to attach things. A leash, for example. Or weights,
perhaps. Would you like your balls stretched, slaveboy?" she challenged, leaning
in close.

"Hmmpphhh! Pllummmphh!" he replied, shaking his head no.

"No? Oh well, I'm going to anyway," she said, reaching for his sac.

Of course, he tried to move away, but the Intruder up his ass did much to
convince him not to try again. He could only watch helplessly as Susan grabbed
his sac, pulled it from him, and began buckling the straps around it. He jumped
a bit as she tightened them down.

Susan stepped back to admire her work. He was well strapped in, there was no
doubt of that. The straps looped just above the balls, and gave him maybe a
quarter inch through which his sac went. Susan could load on 50 pounds, and his
balls wouldn't fit through that! Three other straps joined at a large steel ring
about 3 inches below his poor balls. The ring swayed back and forth, inviting
something to be attached.

"There, that's not so bad, is it?" she asked. Susan then collected several
weights from the wall, ignoring his grunts.

"I'll start you off with one pound. Now be a good boy," she admonished, hooking
the lead sinker to the ring.

Other than a single groan, he took it very well. Susan watched the weight dangle
from the parachute, then took another sinker.

"Time for another pound," she smiled, adding to his discomfort.

The male was obviously in distress now, but Susan went ahead and added another,
then another weight to the now low hanging balls.

"Well done, Susan. Now we let him simmer a while. Let's see... it's now quarter
to midnight," I announced. I walked around my quarry slowly, examining his new
situation in life.

From behind him, I reached around to his cock. The plaster was still tacky, but
drying quickly. "Not much more time, slave, and your cock will be imprisoned. Do
you like the idea of that?" I asked.

His response was of course muted and unintelligable.

"That poor little cock won't be doing much soon, will it? Oh well, it's not as
if you'd have an opportunity to come anyway..." I purred in his ear. My hands
wandered down to the balls.

"And these are certainly in trouble. Goodness, I think they're stretching
already! That's nice. I like my male slaves to hang. Gives me more to work with
later. And speaking of working later, your ass is well on it's way, my helpless
little slave. You'll be taking things there you never imagined, though I'm sure
my Intruder fits into that category, doesn't it?" I asked.

I went to the wall, and returned with another pound weight, and attached it to
the nipple clamp chain. "There, that does it. Now you're set for the night. In
the morning, we move on to humiliation, though you might not even need it.
Goodnight, slave." I kissed him softly on the cheek as he pitifully tried to beg
me for mercy.

"Let's go, girls. Say goodnight to our little cocksucker-to-be," I said.

Leia went to him first, and twirled her finger around the chain between his
nipples.

"Have a nice evening, slaveboy," she said, pulling his nipples well away from
his chest. He looked down at his stretched nipples and moaned. She let the
weight drop, and left the Dungeon.

Susan approached him then, and lifted the weight Leia had just dropped. "Poor
baby. Leia can be very mean, can't she?" Susan asked breathily.

He simply shook his head 'yes' slowly.

"You know I can too, I just make you feel good first. It sets up an even worse
experience. When I'm attending to you, you feel good. Then very bad. I hope I'm
worth it..." she said, holding the weight at eye level.

She let the question hang. The male paused, then shook his head 'yes' again. He
must have known what was to come.

"Good. Goodnight," she said, gently lowering the weight. Susan started walking
away.

The slave looked as surprised as I did. Frankly, I expected a rougher goodbye
than that.

"Oops, I forgot your goodnight kiss," Susan said.

She ran back to the impaled slave, and leaned in front of him, giving him a
rather nice view.

"Are you ready?" she teased.

Slave quickly nodded 'yes'.

"Pucker up, slaveboy," she commanded as she moved to kiss his cheek. Then she
put her hands on his thighs to provide better balance, and I saw what she
planned. As she leaned over further for the kiss, her weight shifted to his
thighs. She was pushing him even more onto the Intruder!

As his ass was opened still wider, the slave groaned and tried to cry out, but
couldn't. Susan planted a soft lingering peck on his cheek, then pushed herself
away.

"'Night. slave!" she called back as she went upstairs.

He hung there, softly sobbing with those devilish devices all working their
irresistable magic on him. I checked the measurements on the phallus. Susan had
pushed another half-inch into him.

I lifted his head, and made him look me in the eyes. Neither of us made a sound.
We just looked at each other. He seemed to forget the pain, and earnestly looked
back at me. For those few moments, the sacred icon of The Mistress fell away and
he saw me beneath. It's the times like that, when traditional accoutrements of
domination seem redundant, that I absolutely relish. He was held in bondage,
outfitted with several devices of pain, and under my total control, but it
didn't matter. At that instant, we both knew he would be just as helpless in a
three-piece suit at his workplace as he would here. He was now mine. The
dungeon, the toys and costumes were all superfluous. When a slave has this
quality, I hang onto them.

I unbuckled the straps behind his head, and removed the penis gag. I kissed him
deeply, and dropped the gag to the floor.

As I pulled away, I wished him goodnight. I walked across the dungeon to the
door, and gave him one last look before turning off the lights.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Chris


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





