BDSM Library - Crystal




Crystal
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The high school cheerleader love being exhibited also sex and submission. many adventures in exhibited s/m.
Crystal by Allene

PART ONE

  I guess I could blame my principal for what happened to me, but now that I
think of it he did nothing out of the ordinary and I am not sure whether the
proper word is blame or thank.

  I was seventeen and head cheerleader of our Catholic high school on that
fateful friday.

  I had gone to the principals office that afternoon to bitch about our shabby
uniforms again and to get permission to leave early as my parents were in
Seattle and had sent airline tickets to join them for the weekend.In my usual
pushy way I barged into the principals office. Tomy surprise there was a
handsome man in his late forties talking to the principal as I barged in.

  "Crystal. I would like you to meet Mr Barnes. As I had told you the school
could not afford new uniforms. Mr Barnes just informed me he would pay for both
Cheerleader and team uniforms!"

  " I am sorry I barged in on you. Thank you so much for your offer Mr Barnes. I
was just coming in to see if there was any hope of getting new uniforms as ours
are so shabby."

  " You are very welcome, If the other cheer leaders look as good as you. No
thing is good enough."

  As he said this he looked admiringly at my 36,22,34, figure Then asked me to
turn around and raise my shirt so He could see my stomach.Without thinking I
quickly raised my shirt up just below my breasts to show off my flat stomach.

  The principal looked embarrassed but said nothing only nodding when Mr Barnes
said, " See Jim, there is nothing obscene about stomachs. I think we should move
into the nineties with the super mini skirts and baremidriff. What do you think,
Crystal?"

  This created a dilemma for me as I already felt naked out there with our
present full sweater and skirt just above the knee since both would jump up
during cheers to bare my thighsand stomach. I was not about to argue with our
benefactor so said " I don't think they will let me make the decision."

  " Yea you're right and I don't have time for a bunch of meetings to make a
decision. Come on down to Marina's Fashions with me and we will have them make
up a few styles we like and the school can pick one. ItsO.k for her to take the
rest of the afternoon off for that isn't it Jim?"

  " Well yes. I suppose we are running out of time to get them in time for
basketball. Will you be able to take her home?"

  " Sure. No problem."

  " Crystal, Just do whatever Mr. Barnes wants. I will call your folks and let
them know you may be a little late."

  I told them he needn't bother as my folks were in Seattle and I was
house sitting till school was out.

  At that he led me out to his Jaguar and to the store. I knew he must be very
rich and influential as he just breezed past the salesgirls and went back to the
owners office. There he said,

  " Sam we need to look at some cheerleader outfits. Short skirts or shorts and
bare midriff."

  " Sure Mr Barnes, here is our catalogue. Pick out a few close to what you want
and we can make alterations to get just what you want."

  Mr Barnes had me join him at a small couch to look over the book.There were
only three outfits with bare middles so Mr barnes told Sam to get them.

  "Sure." Sam said as he motioned for me to stand up. " Take off the shirt so I
can get your measurements."

  When I hesitated, Mr Barnes said " Do what he says We don't have much time."

  I told myself I was wearing a bra which showed no more than my bathing suit
and took off my shirt. I have to admit I was flattered when the men said I had a
beautiful body and I did not protest even though Sam touched my breasts in the
process of measuring more than any woman taking my measurements ever had. I
found I was getting a little excited over the attention and did not protest
even when Mr. Barnes went behind me and reached around to lift my breasts by
cupping them in each hand while saying, " She has lovely full breasts. Do you
think she will need an uplift bra?"

  Sam replied, " We will see when she has an outfit on and makes some moves.
Right now I need her to drop the skirt as the outfit skirt is a hiphugger and
this skirt is too thick where I need to measure."

  " Yea O.K." Mr. Barnes unhooked and unzipped my skirt at the back and let it
fall to the floor before I had a chance to protest.

  I was wearing white bikini panties that were nearly transparent so I
instinctively put my hands over my crotch as I blushed.

  " Don't be embarrassed Crystal. You are a lovely model and will have to get
used to this. I can't take measurements with your arms in the way."

  It made me proud for him to say I was lovely and I had to admit showing off
was exciting.

  When Mr Barnes said, " Put your hands on your head." I lifted them up there,
againwithout protest. Sam dropped to his knees to take the waist measurement and
I found I was facing a full length mirror.

  Mr. Barnes said, "Your body is even lovelier with your arms up." I thanked him
as I sucked my stomach in a little more. I was getting more excited as I showed
my body to this appreciative audience. I had worked hard to get my body looking
this good and this was the first time I was able to show it off since my mother
always picked out very conservative bathing suits. At this point Sam began
measuring from my crotch to my knees bumping his fingers next to my clitoris. My
breasts were going up and down as I started breathing harder. Then he put the
end of the tape just under my belly button fed it through my legs and told Mr.
Barnes to measurea couple of inches above the crack of my butt or at the dimples
if I had them. They must have had that tape buried between the lips of my pussy,
When they sawed it back and forth I was about to climax and when Mr. Barnes said
the bra straps would probably show I took it off without being asked.

  When Sam left to get the costumes Mr Barnes again began to lift and squeeze my
breasts as he complimented me on their size and firmness. I simply put my hands
back on the top of my head and pushed forward into his hands.

  When Sam got back he said he did not have the proper panties in stock but he
could fix mine. Then he pulled the back of my panties into the crack of my ass
and used a ribbon to tie the front together. He said, "How do you like that?"

  As I turned in front of the mirror I could see all of my ass and all but the
crack of my pussy. I said, "I might as well be naked!"

  "O.K. Then take them off."

  By this time I was open to all suggestions as I took them off and faced them.

  Mr. Barnes said, "Would you like us to get rid of some of that extra hair? It
will show around the new tights." By this time I was so excited I could only
nod my head.

  They had me lay down on the couch with one leg over the back while Sam
scissored off my pubic hair. When he started running his electric razor over my
pussy the vibrations made me freak and I began climaxing.When Mr. Barnes said, "
This seems to excite you. Would you like to be fucked?" I was much more excited
than I had ever been when my boyfriend fucked me and replied " Yes,oh God yes."

  He dropped his pants to reveal a dick much bigger than my boyfriend's. I
could feel my pussy begin to drool.

  His dick was wide causing a fullness and pressure on my clitoris to keep the
climaxes coming. When Sam took out his dick and put it next to my face I pulled
it into my mouth without hesitation. I enjoyed it all! When Sam came in my mouth
I found that cum did not taste bad andlicked everydrop from his slowly sagging
prick. I had never tasted cum as I had only licked my boyfriends dick until he
became so excited he could not wait to fuck me. This was unbelievedly better! I
had orgasms stronger than he could ever give me. When Mr Barnes pulled out and
shot on my stomach and breasts I loved the feel as he rubbed it into my skin.

  When they stepped back I got up to look at myself in the mirror while
massaging the remainder of Mr. Barnes cum into my breasts. I was shocked to find
they had shaved all the hair from my crotch and I had never felt so naked. Only
now being naked was a turnon for me and I found myself caressing and enjoying
the feel of my incredibly soft and smooth pussy.

  "My God. I haven't looked like this since I was eight years old!"

  Mr. Barnes replied, " That's fine. Everyone loves young girls."

  " I feel incredibly naked! especially with both of you fully clothed. May I put
on some clothes?"

  "Well yes I suppose we should get on with what we were doing. Here put this
on." Sam handed me the first outfit which consisted of a halfsweater and a tiny
skirt cut below my naveland just under the curve of my ass."

  Mr. Barnes said, "Get the polaroid so she can take pictures back for
approval."

  They then had me do some routines. I was naturally a bit of an exhibitionist
or I wouldnot have become a cheerleader. Now as my breasts and pussy flashed on
almost every move I became the epitome of exhibitionism. I tried to make most of
my moves in front of the mirror as I enjoyed the way I looked nearly as much as
my audience. Most of the pictures showed too much to take back but finally They
had one picture in each outfit suitable for family viewing. By this time I was
excited again and when I took off the third outfit to put on another Mr. Barnes
had to tell me there were no others and had me sit between them on the couch to
look at all the outtakes. Looking at my own body turned me on. Of course it
helped to have both of them caressing my body and when Sam said, " That hairless
pussy looks so sweet it needs to bekissed." I just closed my eyes while Mr.
Barnes let my shoulders down to the couch as Sam spread my legs.

  Noone had ever kissed my pussy before and as his tongue tickled my clitoris my
whole body began to vibrate. Mr. Barnes licking and nipping my nipples with his
teeth was the last straw and I began to beg. " Oh yes.Please more. More. do
everything!"

  At that Sam began to slide a finger into my pussy with his tongue with another
finger in my anus. When Mr. Barnes took out his dick and put it near my face I
could not get it into my mouth fast enough. I got so excited my gag reflex went
away. Even when the head of his dick started down my throat I just pushed
forward to get more in till my nose was against his belly. I don't know how many
times I came. Eventually I kind of passed out.

  When I became aware of where I was they were idly caressing my body as Mr.
Barnes said, " Get the tape." I thought they were going to measure something
else on my body but Sam came back into the room and gave Mr.Barnes a box which
he put in his briefcase. Mr. Barnes said, " We have to go. Stand up so we can
dress you." When he reached for my panties and bra I said, "Can I leave those
off. I like feeling naked now. With no panties or bra I can feel naked even with
my outer clothes on."

  Mr. Barnes seemed pleased as he said, " Of course you can. I like the idea of
you being naked under your clothes too."

  When we got to his car he told me to lift my skirt so my naked butt would be
on the leather upholstery. This sounds simple but as I warmed up the leather it
really felt sensual and Iloved the feeling. When he asked me where I lived I
told him I did not have to go home as my folks were in Seattle. I just had to
call them at seven to let them know I was alright.He said that in that case we
could go to his place and I could call from there as it was almost seven.

  He had a lovely large home in the center of a large pasture. The driveway must
have been a half mile long. There were barns housing horses which I loved to
ride.

  I felt very horny until I made the call. My mother's concern for me made me
feel terribly guilty and depressed.

  Mr. Barnes realized something was wrong when he came back in with a tray of
glasses and a bottle of champagne. " What's wrong Crystal, are your folks
alright?"

  "No it is not them it is me. I feel terribly guilty. You must think I am a 
dirty slut. I should tell someone what I did so I could be punished."

  "Crystal, you are not a terrible slut. You are a beautiful, sensuous girl who
just did not know how wonderful sex could be.As far as telling anyone I want to
show you this." He then put a tape in his vcr and I suddenly appeared nearly
life size in his big screen t.v." If you tell anyone I could be in trouble and I
would have to show this tape to the cops and your parents to prove this
experience came about through your free will."

  It was all there. My begging to be fucked, my reaching for dicks to suck. The
look of bliss on my face as Sam is pushing his fingers into my cunt and rectum
and I am pulling Mr. Barnes dick into my mouth. followed by my exhibitionism
where I am obvio usly going out of my way to show off my shaved cunt. The idea
that my parents might see this horrified me.

  " Oh my God, Mr. Barnes what am I going to do. If I am not punished to relieve
my guilt I might as well be dead and I can't tell anyone so I can be punished!"

  " Do you really think being punished would help?"

  " Oh yes, When dad or mom spanked me for being bad I could go to bed with a
clear conscience and sleep like a baby."

  " Do you think a spanking would be appropriate in this case?"

  " Well no. I guess I am too old for a spanking. In a book I read adulterers
were whipped. I don't know if I am brave enough for that."

  " We could compromise. There is a willow tree in the front yard. You could cut
some switches of different sizes and we could try it. If youcan't stand it I
will stop."

  As I thought about it I noticed that even though Mr. Barnes tried to appear
calm his voicewas shaking slightly and he had a huge bulge in the front of his
pants. This convinced me that it was most appropriate to be punished by the same
person who had excited me. This should cure me of any idea of repeating the
experience. I agreed and Mr. Barnes gave me a knife to cut theswitches while he
headed toward the barn.

  I cut switches from one fourth inch and two feet long up to 1 inch bases and
five feet long. I found myself getting excited at the prospect and had to remind
myself that this would be punishment and would be very painful. On the way back
I suddenly remembered the time Icouldn't sleep and started downstairs to ask my
folks if I could stay up and watch t.v. I stopped when I heard my Dad say it is
time for your spanking. My eyes widened as I saw my mother take off her robe and
lay across his lap nude.He hit her much harder and longer than he had ever
spanked me but she did not cry and carry on as I did. When he quit she just
kissed him and moaned as he carried her to the bedroom. As I came closer to my
fate I wondered if I would reactthe same way. If nothing else I resolved to take
my punishment as bravely as possible just as she had.

  When I came back to the living room I saw he had taken some sheepskinpadded
horse hobbles from the barn and tied them to a rope looped over an open beam. My
wrists were not as big as a horses ankles but he had anticipated this as I
noticed fresh holes for the buckles.

  I protested that I did not plan to be tied up as that was scary. He said, "
You don't thinkyou are brave enough to stand there quietly while being switched
do you?"

  I had to admit he was right and held out my hands for the hobbles. Hestopped
me to tell me to take off my clothes. When I was naked he put on the hobbles and
turned me so I was facing a large mirror. Then he pulled down on the rope till I
was pulled up on my toes and tied the rope to a bannister.

  By this time I was dying of anticipation and my imagination was going wild. I
pictured myself in colonial times while a large crowd stared at my naked body
while a hooded muscular man came toward me with a whip.

  Mr. Barnes teased me by testing each switch by swishing it through the air.
When he asked me if I was ready I said " Yes," quickly followed by "Yes please!"

  He started with the smallest switch. The first lash went cross both cheeks of
my ass and did not really hurt that much just a light sting and as he continued
to lay stripes down my ass it was apparent to both of us that this was not
punishment as I was getting turned on. When I panted "Bigger switch. Harder!"
he was already reaching for it. He teased me again by saying," You didn't say
please."

  "Oh yes. Please harder."

  Now the pain became worse while at the same time my butt seemed to swell and
littleshocks seemed to go right to my pussy while I got this terribly warm
feeling like a fever moving from my butt to my pussy and on up my stomach to my
breasts. As I looked in the mirror I saw asheen of sweat on my body as my
stomach muscles tensed with each lash and my breasts felt and looked as if they
were swelling. I don't know how many times he hit my butt I only knew I was
getting more and more excited by the minute. I was afraid to say "harder" but
knew I needed something more.Then he stopped!

  He just stood there watching me as I pumped my ass back and forth silently
begging for more. He said quietly, It isn't your ass that needs the punishment
is it, Crystal?"

  " No." I moaned. I knew what I needed but just couldn't tell him. He forced me
by saying,

  " What needs to be punished,Crystal."

  Tears fell from my eyes as I panted, " My pussy and my breasts sir.  Yes,
pussy, tits"

  He stepped to one side and hit me just above my pussy lips. This was
fantastic. I could see as well as hear the lashes. He seemed to know exactly how
long to wait between blows to let me turn the pain into pleasure. His next lash
to my tits was just above the nipples. They bounced and began to throb but not a
painful throbbing more of a pulse. He told me to push out my pussy which I did
with no hesitation. Then he hit just an inch lower where the lips of my pussy
were protecting my clitoris.This really hurt but the aftermath was even stronger
and as he brought the switch back I pushed out my tits for the lash I knew would
hit the nipples. This brought tears tomy eyes and a small scream. At the same
time my body began to pulsate as I spread my legs for the next. He brought the
switch down at an angle so the full force hit on the lips of my pussy withno
protection from my thighs. I saw the red line form at an angle across both lips
and began to chant " Yes, yes, yes," He took the hint and hit either my tits or
pussy with each " yes" I could now control the cadence and panted "yes" at the
apex of thrill until my tits and pussy were hit so many times it was hard to
see individual stripes. I was soon in full orgasm and he dropped to his knees to
put his tongue in my pussy till my orgasms brought on unconsciousness.




PART TWO

  When I came back to consciousness he was lying next to me naked,gently rubbing
some kind of salve on my red and throbbing breasts and pussy with his right hand
while rubbing his rockhard penis with his left.This is the first time I had seen
him naked. Before he had just dropped his pants. I loved the way he looke d. I
assumed because of his age hewould be flabby but he was very muscular with a
washboard stomach. I thought that he must do  a lot of exercise then remembered
that he had worked up a pretty good sweat switching me. He did not know I was
awake and was  startled when I said, "You have a great body. Did you get it from
switching girls?"

  He replied, " No, some of it came from spankings, and whipping. How do you
feel?"

  "Fine, I feel kind of dreamy. The stuff you are putting on me must work as I
have no pain, just a throbbing in my breasts and crotch which ismaking me horny
again."

  "Yeah well it works pretty well on my horses too."

  "You're kidding me aren't you?"

  " No really, I have a bad knee from skiing. One day when it bothered me a lot
I put it  on my knee and the pain went away. The vet said there is no problem
using it. He uses it himself. The human version is the same except you need a
prescription for it."

  " As far as I am concerned it is a miracle drug. I will be able to take most
any ki nd of pain as long as it goes away after I come."

  " Speaking of that, I guess the switching did not bring about what you ha d
expected."

  " Well in a way it did. It was so thrilling I just don't care if I am a slut
or not. In that way it relieved my guilt. If I feel guilty again I'll just have
you punish me again. My next project will be to buy or make things you can use
to  punish me."

  "Well lets see how slutty you can get. Climb up on the big fellah."

  He laid on his back as I slid his dick deep into my pussy and started pumping
up and down. I don't know if he needed the foreplay of hurting me or it was the
fact he was la ying relaxed on his back which made him delay coming. It seemed I
pumped forever until the sweat was running off my body yet w e could not come.
finally I begged him to hurt me and he started pinching and stretching my
nipples, this helped, and when he s panked m yass in time with the pumps I was
finally able to get off with him joining my orgasms shortly after.

  " I think I have created a monster. You really need pain to climax don't you?"

  " Yes and I don't understand it. I have always been a baby, crying to mommy at
the slightest scratch."

  " I am sure you still would if there was no sex involved. I want to check by
subjecti ng you to simply sensual things. No pain. Come along with me."

  We went out of the house to the barn stark naked. I was a little spooked until
he explained he had an electric gate and fence around the property and no-one
could get in without announcing themselves at the speaker box at the gate.

  He put bridles on two horses and helped me on. My horse had what they call a
roached mane. Essentially the stiff hair of the mane was given a crewcut. In the
first few steps I felt the stiff hair pricking and tickling my pussy. In a few
minutes I had spread my legs even wider and was rocking back and forth to get
the effect on the wh ole length of m ypussy lips inner and outer with occasional
pin pricks to my clitoris. In a few minutes I was in full orgasm a nd he had to
help me off the horse to recover.

  " Now you can feel better. You are simply a very sensual girl and can get off 
without pain."

  " That's true but it was hardly an everyday experience. Knowing you is sure
going to take all the fun out of masturbation."

  He laughed, " You are just going to have to get more creative in masturbation.
You are bright. You will think of something."

  The horse ride was not a fluke as I came again on the ride back to the house.
This time he kept on leading the horse as I climaxed till my pussy became so
sensitive it felt as if someone was jabbing pins into the most sensitive part of
my bo dy.

  When I calmed down he said, " You are way ahead of me on orgasms I am going to
give you a new experience to see how you react."

  He had me kneel in the horse shit in the barn while he tied my legs to two
posts and my arms to the railing. My legs were spread till the tendons were
pulled tight in my inner thighs and my arms pulled out and up as if I was
crucified. The pain s tarted immediately and I couldn't turn it to pleasure.
Then he just walked off! It seemed forever till he came back carrying a   beer.
My tears had soaked my breasts as the pain seemed to grow.

  " I don't expect or want you to enjoy this. I am going to enjoy your
helplessness and when ready I will use you." He leisurely drank his beer then
came over and told me to open my mouth. When he did he simply fucked my mouth.
This was no blow-job! He just jammed his dick in and out of my mouth until he
was read y to cum in my face. As the cum dripped down my face he said,

  " Say please whip my pussy ten times with my leather strap."

  " No please, I am hurting too much."

  " Well then you can just stay there till you are ready." and started to leave.

  " No please don't leave. Whip my pussy!"

  " Say it right!"

  " Oh please whip my pussy ten times with your leather strap!"

  "Fine. You can count them, say one."

  " One"  He brought the strap up from the floor and the pain was horrendous. To
make matters worse my muscles contracted as I screamed causing more pain to my
legs and shoulders. I just hung there panting till I realized he was standing
there patiently waiting for me to say two. It took all my will power as I said,
"Two" The first one must have deadened my pussy a little as I was able to
continue the count at a faster rate. To my amazement I went on to eleven so I
could come.

  He untied me and carried me into the house where he gently washed me in his
jacuzzi tub. I know it seems strange but I felt a great amount of love mixed
with confusion that the same man that had been treating me so brutally a few
moments before was now being  so kind. He said gently, " I was very mean to you
but I was curious to know how you would react. I know that experience was the
most painful thing that has ever happened to you. If you want to go home and
never see me again I will understand."

  " No I don't want to leave you. I love you. No-one could ever make me feel as
you do!"

  " I will be mean to you again, you know. It is important to me that you are
completely obedient. You will be a willing slave."

  " I want to be your slave. I'll do anything you want. Please don't make me
leave."

  " All right we will try it. If you ever disobey me however, we will part."
Then he lift ed me out of the tub and gently dried every inch of my body with a
huge soft towel and led me over to the couch in front of the t.v. and pushed
some buttons on the remote control. Suddenly there I was on the big screen being
whipped with the switches! I  realized there was  acamera behind his mirror at
home as there had been at Marina's. It was almost as good watching myself be ing
whipped as being whipped as I could relive each lash. I also felt proud that I
was brave enough to take the pain without b egging for release. I couldn't
resist saying, " Don't you think I was brave and strong?"

  " Yes Crystal, very brave. I am proud of you."

    " Wait here Mr. Barnes I want to show you how brave and obedient I can be."

  I then ran to the kitchen and got a big knife which I took out to the front
yard where I had seen a huge rose bush. I cut off a limb about three feet long
and cut  off the branches, the leaves, and the thorns off the thick end to make
a smooth handle. I took my time as the anticipation of  coming events was
terribly exciting. He was waiting impatiently when I re-entered the room. I
handed him the rose branch saying. " This is for you.To show you how brave I am
I want you to give me ten lashes across my breasts while I hold my hands on top
of my head. I will take the pain without moving or making a sound. I will do it
in front of the mirror so I can see the lashes hitting me. I want you to tape it
to give me more incentive to be brave."

  " Are you sure about this? Even though the thorns aren't too long there will
most likely be some blood."

  " Yes I am sure. I hope I do bleed it will help prove my courage."

  "In that case I had better make some preparations."

  He went into the kitchen and in a little while came out with a hand towel and
a  large kettle of water.

  " What is that for?"

  " This is salt water. If you are cut it will disinfect the cut and stop the
blee ding. Do you still want to do it."

  " Yes." By now I was shaking with anticipation."

  " How hard? Do you want to count?"

  " Very hard or it won't prove anything. You count. I want you to be in
complete control."

  I had been standing there looking at myself in the mirror. My hands on my head
lifted my breasts and made them tempting targets. I was shaking with
anticipation as the  first lash came across my breasts just above the nipples.
The branch buried itself in my breasts and small drops of blood form ed at each
thorn as tears formed in my eyes. The pain was horrible and I almost pulled my
hands down to protect my breasts. He just stood there until I realized I had
instinctively brought my elbows down to protect my tits. I slowly brought my
elbows back up. When he still waited I realized this was not good enough for
him.I took a deep breath and pushed my breasts up and out for him. The next lash
came across just above the last.I must have gone a little numb as it did not
seem as bad and it took me  less time to push them out again. The next was still
above the others and I found the pain was beginning to turn to thrill. On the
next he hit jus tbelow the nipples and I thought he was going to spare me the
pain of hitting my nipples. When he had covered the whole surface of my breasts
and they were covered with blood he gave me the last two right across the
nipples. I did n ot have to worry about screaming as the pain took m ybreath
away. I think we were both amazed when I pushed out my breasts and closed my
eyes for the last lash.

  He had me lay on my back on the floor for the rest of the ordeal.When he put
the salt water on my breasts it felt as if he had thrown burning gasoline on
them.  They were literally on fire! As he kept laying the salty  towel on them
the coolness finally overcame the burn of th esalt. I was a little disappointed
to see all the blood was gone and you could barely see the marks where the
thorns went in. Even the stripes were fading fast.

  " I did it for you Mr. Barnes. Was I brave enough? I know it does not look as
if I was hit hard even though it really did hurt. You can hit me some more if
you don't think so." " Crystal, you are the bravest person I know. I love you so
much for wanting to please me. Were you able to reach orgasm?"

  " No sir not this time. It just hurt too much. I was almost there when you
began on the nipples and the pain overcame my excitement."

  " Well I'll make it up to you." He then went down on me till I was panting and
thrashing around so much he could not keep his head in place.He finished me off
squeezing his fingers together to make a tube and jamming them in so h is thumb
was beating against my clitoris while his little finger was probing my anus. I
was so wet I could hear his handmaking   a squishing sound. Just when I thought
it was over he had me get onmy hands and knees while he mounted me from behind.
I thought he was going to fuck me dog-fashion but he just pumped his dick into
my pussy a couple of times to get it wet and then jamm ed what felt like a log
into my ass-hole. That pain turned to pleasure instantly and when he began to
knead,twist and pull on  my breasts I kept cumming till he fell off to one side.

By this time we were both exhausted and barely made it to the bed before
falling into a deep sleep.

  In the morning Mr. Barnes awoke before me and made breakfast which he brought
to my bed. I thought it was so strange that he could be both kind and cruel.
When he said that he wished I could stay with him instead of going  to school I
remembered I had to catch the plane to Seattle after school to spend the weekend
with my folks. My dad had bought  a concession at the Seattle Center. They had
moved to Seattle but let me stay here so I could finish my last year of high
school with my friends. Also I was house-sitting till the housing market got
better in the summer.

  When he agreed there was no convincing reason for me to stay he gave me the
polaroids of me in the new uniforms so the principal and schoolboard could make
a  choice. He also gave me two hundred dollar bills as he dropped me off at the
school and told me to buy myself something sexy w hile in Seattle.

  The concessions were open on the weekend so my folks had to work.They realized
I would be totally bored hanging around them and had no objection to my going
shopping. I shopped for hours but didn't seeanything especially sexy. When I 
told one of the sales girls I was looking for something especially sexy to
impress my boyfriend she suggested a store on first avenue that specialized in
sexy lingerie and costumes.

  I had never been to this section of town. It was a real revelation.Alo ng with
the lingerie store were other stores with all kinds of sex oriented goods.I
bought some sexy panties and bras in a couple of stores and since no-one seemed
shocked at my purchases got braver and got a battery operated dildo, some padded
handcuff s and some clamps with smal lchains for my nipples. I decided to take a
look at the peep-shows when my eyes were caught by a d isplay of whips. They
were thonged whips much like the picture I had seen of the cat o' nine tails. I
was fascinated and stare d at them for some time as I imagined being whipped by
them. My pussy was really starting to get wet when I was startled by the  voice
of the man who had sold me the nipple clamps.

  " Do you like them? They are on sale this week."

  "I am not sure. They look awfully painful."

  " Naw. They aren't that bad the leather is soft and they are specialized. The
big one is for your butt and legs, the middle one for your tits, and the little
one for your pussy. Would you like to try them out?"

  " You mean I could take them home to see if I liked them?"

  " No. They are too expensive to send off with a stranger. We have a room for
your test.  I would be glad to help you out."

  He certainly fit the part. He had black hair, black eyes a skintight black
t-shirt and black leather jeans and boots.

  " I guess it would be all right as long as you don't hit me too hard."

  " Naw. You'll let me know if it's too hard."

  He led me down a hall to a room with a brick wall on the north wall and a
curtain on the south. There was a four foot square of thick plywood raised a few
inches off the floor with padded cuffs on the outside edges and another set of 
cuffs hanging from a pulley in the ceiling. I took off my clothes and stepped up
on the platform. As he attached the cuffs to m y ankles he said,

   " Hey that's great I love a shaved pussy. You will be able to see every
little mark on it."

  I was already excited and his comments along with the stretch to my body as he
pulled down on the rope holding my wrists just added to it.W hen he had tied the
end of the rope to the wall he showed me a rubberball with thongs atached to
it.He said, "I am sure this wi ll turn you on and this place isn't soundproof. I
don't want a bunch of cops coming in here and I am sure you wouldn't either.If
you think you will scream tell me and I'll put on this gag."

  The thought of that with all the publicity really scared me and I said, "I am
brave. I won't need the gag."

  He said, "Good. If I hit too hard tell me before you have to scream."

  I felt terribly helpless but it was comforting to know I could stop this at
any time.

  He dangled the long whip in front of me saying, " Are you ready for this?" I
was speechless. I could only nod.

  He went over and opened the curtains behind me. I thought this was strange as
I assumed the curtains were for sound proofing. I resolved not to scream as the
walls were so thin I could hear the shuffle of feet and voices behind me.

  He brought the first lash across the center of both ass cheeks. I knew
instantly th at this was better than the switches as it spread the pain over a
larger area. He was very good with it. He could let the ends that concentrated
the pain land right on the cheek he wanted or past to hit on the side of my hip
or the outside or inside of my wide spread thighs. I found my inner thighs and
the crack of my ass were the most sensitive areas. He knew enough not to hit a
sensitive place twice in a row which may have slowed or stopped my journey to
blinding orgasm.

  I lost count of the lashes I only know I was very close to my wonderful
orgasmic relief when he suddenly stopped! I pushed out my butt and even waggled 
it but he ignored me and said, " I think you are ready for the front." Again all
I could do was nod and whimper.

  I discovered I was  standing on a turntable. He moved a lever then turned me
around and tightened the lever. I was looking down at him when I looked up I saw
a bunch of windows with men standing behind them. My first instinct was to get
away but as I pulled on the r opes it suddenly occurred to me that I was
experiencing a fantasy of having an audience. The idea of all these strange men
watching me getting whipped appealed to me. I told myself they would soon be
applauding my bravery and felt proud of the fact I ha d not screamed or
complained while my butt and legs were being whipped.

  A man came through a side door and said, " Okay guys. You know the rules.
Speak_up."

  I asked," What are the rules?"

  My whipper replied, " They pay a buck a lash or more for some other things."

  " What other things?"

  " You'll find out. I don't want to ruin your suspense. If you are lucky they
won't have  much money."

  I then saw money appear in slots under the windows with one word commands,
"Tits. Pussy, Belly-button, thighs, ass-hole."  In a few minutes no more money
appeared and the auctioneer said, " Okay. We have fifteen to the tits, ten to the
belly button, ten to the pussy and five to the ass_hole."

   Well if I wanted applause for bravery I certainly got it, but not for m y
bravery. When he started hitting my tits they began bouncing allover my chest,
turned instantly red and began to swell and throb. The lashes themselves did not
hurt as much as the willow switches but the way they stretched out of shape when
hit scared  me. My muffled screams throug hmy clenched lips only seemed to
encourage the audience and my whipper.When the fifteenth and l ast came across
my nipples I lifted myself off the floor in an attempt to get away.  He stopped
for a moment to let me get my b reath. When I looked down My breasts were beet
red and looked as if they had swollen from a "c" to a "d" cup. My whole body had 
a sheen of swea tand was pulsing uncontrollably.

  He let me settle down then asked, "Are you ready?"  My body betrayed me! I 
planned to plead for mercy but instead just nodded my head. The crowd whistled
and applauded as the first lashes came across my stomach.This was almost
pleasant after the torture to my tits and I began to get into it and push
forward to meet the lashes.  This encouraged the crowd to shout " Harder" but I
didn't care. The whipping of my stomach seemed to be over too soon.  When H e
picked up the smaller whip and started whipping down and at an angle to jerk at
my pussy lips it was pure thrill.

  My body began to writhe with orgasms before he was halfway through.But then he
started hitting upwards to let the thongs hit directly on my open gash to burn
the inner lips and my tender asshole.This hurt twice as much but it also brought
on even stronger orgasms. By the last lash I was so exhausted I could not hold
my head up. I heard someone in the audiencesay

   " Is she all through?"

  "Naw. She just needs a little rest. Go through the menu gents. See what
appeals to you while she takes a break."

  I must have gone to sleep for a few minutes. When I raised my head my
shoulders hurt from hanging by my arms.

  " She's ready gang. what's your pleasure?"

  " Five for the tit clamps!"

  "Ten for the pussy clamps!"

  " Ten tit switches!"

  " Ten pussy lashes!"

  " ten for the sandwich!"

  I did not know what the clamps were or a sandwich, but I was going to find
out.

  When no more bids were made they brought over a box from the sidewall. Each of
them took a nipple between their thumbs and finger and stretched it out to put
what I found out later was an alligator clamp at the base of my nipple. Then
they put on another pointing straight out on the tip. It felt like a tiny animal
with sharp teeth was biting them and the pain increased with time.

  Then they put three of them on each lip of my pussy that had strings on them.
They tied the string tightly together behind me. When I looked in the mirr or
below the windows I saw my pussy was gaping wide open and my clitoris was in
full view. I knew My clit was much too sensitive to be hit and frantically
moaned through my nose. While the pain kept increasing I was startled by a
terrible pain across both nipples. The pain was horrible as the  clamps jumped
under the impact. I jerked my head to the side to see the man holding  a big
willow switch. I had not agreed to this and moaned at him furiously only to have
it happen again from a man on my other side.Tears rolled from my eyes as I
fought my impulse to scream.  Then they played with me hitting one nipple at a
time sideways, up, and down. I was trying to tell them to stop but could not get
enough breath. Just as Ithought I might pass out they stop ped and he picked up
the little whip. Iactually looked forward to it. Nothing could be as bad as
hitting the nipple clamps. I   was wrong! He brought all ten lashes to my pussy
up from the floor to land directly on my gaping pussy with most of them hitting
my clit. Thank God he did them fast and since there were no more bids I was
waiting to be released. Then both of the guys dr opped their pants and I
remembered the sandwich. Without removing the clamps one jammed his dickin my
gaping pussy while the other stuck his in my ass. There was constant pain and
pleasure.  Every time the man behind jammed into me it would pull the strings to
the clamps on my pussy which pulled it even wider for the man in front.
Meanwhile both of them played with the clips on  my nipples.My senses were so
bombarded I could not think! I was just a rutting animal.  In spite of
everything I came and came and came till I passed out.

  When I came to I found they had removed the ropes and clamps and dressed me. I
was laying on the floor on my back. When I opened my eyes My whipper said, " 
You were a hit, baby! Too bad it wasn't pay day you could have made  a mint."

  " Are you crazy? I would have quit sooner if I could have caught mybreath."

  " You are lying baby. I have done this enough to know when to quit.You know
with a little rest you would have gone for more."

  " Maybe, but I don't think so. My pussy feels stuffed. Is it bruised that
bad?"

  He laughed, " No baby we just put your money in there for safekeeping."

  It felt as if I had a Christmas candle in me and I couldn't get it out. I
finally had to squat holding my lips open so he could pull it out. It looked as
if I was rich till I found most of the bills were ones. On later count I found
they cheated me but I was just  happy to get away. As a bonus he gave me the
three whips, the tit and pussy clamps and the menu the men had used to order
punishment. I just threw everything into the big sack he gave me and started for
the door. " You are welcome back anytime, babe."

  I just retorted. "No chance!" and headed for the nearest cab stand. I had to
go to the house to put the stuff in my suitcase as I knew my mother would want
to look in the sack. When I got back to the park the weather started getting bad
so my folks tol d me they had arranged for an earlier plane so I would not get
stuck on the ground and miss school. I was glad to leave early since it was all
I could do to walk normally with my sore pussy. I was not wearing a bra and my
normally soft blouse felt like sandpaper as my nipples moved against it.

  On my way home on the plane I counted my money and found I had five dollars
more than I left with. I had bought some sex books that contained mail order ads
that looked interesting. Now I had money to order some more toys.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





