BDSM Library - The Step Sister




The Step Sister
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Find out what happens when a young man meets his amazon stepsister for the first time.
THE STEP SISTER
by Thomas Whitfield.
find out what happens to joey when he meets his amazon stepsister.


Joey was the product of a real bad situation. his parents were killed 
while he was very young.  The only good part about all this is he was so 
young that he never remembered them at all.  for many years he was 
shuffled around from home to home but made a home for himself finally at 
the smith family home. the were a mom dad and very big sister.  She was 
quite the amazon as some would put it.  standing 6'5 inches tall and an 
impressive 230lbs and mind you not fat.  little extra here and thier but 
in very good shape, for that amount of wieght the biggest thing on her 
was her quite abundent ass.  it was like a morical of science really if 
you saw her.  her ass almost seemed as if it didn't fit her.  the extra 
poundage came on after her boyfriend left her for another man.  reason 
being she apparently swore him off of women after being with her.  no 
one was sure why.  but the reason had to be somthing givin the fact that 
he up and moved in the middle of the night.  her name is sam short for 
samantha.  well joey was new to this home only been their for about a 
week when finally meeting sam.  see she been away searching for her lost 
love to no avail.  she saw joey sitting on the coutch and she looked at 
his 5'4 110 lb frame and said me and you are going to get to know each 
other well.  she made him very uneasy saying that by the look in her 
eyes.  sorta devilish look like the kind that goes straight threw your 
soul.   well mom and dad were corperate professionals so they were 
rarely home it was step sister that was going to watch hiom most of the 
time.  not that a 15 year old needs much watching but she was going to 
be thier.  she was 23 and one of those rich girls who had a trust fund 
no life and not much to do.  and for a women her size that was pretty 
dangerious.  mom and dad anounced that joeys room was being redecorated 
and he was to stay in the guest room till it was finished.  well sam 
protested saying the room was very unsuitable and insisted joey would 
stay in with her.  he agreed not knowing her figuring she was being 
generous.  mom and dad after dinner set out for thier board meeting in 
paris witch usually took 2-4 weeks.  and after dinner they went.  soon 
after they went sam called and cancelled the decoators for sams room.  
why? rang in joeys head.  but was afraid to ask he was a trusting soul 
who just thought of everyone as trustworthy to start out with. she 
introduced him to her favorate show wwf raw  she got a kick out of the 
action.  as the show went on seeing bodyslams powerbolms and subissons 
she got real riled up.  she was on a love seat with joey. and stood up 
only to sit down on joeys lap. she sat all the way back smothering him 
in her brood back.  and then she started to bounce up and down on him. 
he grunted and mouwned but he could barely get out the words get off.  
after laving him under her far a few more moments she got up. she turned 
to him bending down looking into his now fearful eyes and put her hands 
on the cushens on either side of his head and asked.  How much do you 
wiegh.  she said 110 really she said that light.  well now this is gonna 
be fun i am more then double your weight.  was i crushing you when i sat 
on you. he gulped and replied yes.  well you better get used to it couse 
i love to get physical.  i love to wrestle and man handle little men 
like you.  you like wrestling.  you seem to like wwf well do ya.  still 
leaning over him he knew she already knew he did like wresting, so it 
was in his best interst not to lie so he siad i like to watch it.  well 
i like to watch and do it. somtimes  well he gulped again as she picked 
him up high into the air above her head and press slamed him onto the 
coutch.  it shocked the hell out of him more then hurt him couse he 
landed on the soft coutch.  then she jumped up with him lieing on his 
back and slamed her abundent ass on his chest.  all the air left his 
body at the thunderous quake of ass crashing on his chest.  she counted 
1 2 3 and jumped up proudly pransing around holding her hands up in 
victory.  right then he new he was in for it.  still unable to get much 
air back he lied thier gasping for air.  did i hurt you she asked in a 
teasing vioce. then she turned her back and intructed him to take a good 
look at her ass.  as he looked she said to him this ass and you will 
know eachother well. got me  if you fuck up around hear by not listiong 
to me my ass will sit on you till you learn.  and you will love my ass, 
you will smell my ass, and you will do everything i want you to do.  or 
you will be my ass slave.  now lets goto bed. he attemped to climb into 
his cot an the far side of the room. she said no no no.  come hear you 
will share my bed.  he reluctently climbed in. she just rolled over and 
said goodnight and kissed him softly on the lips with her full lips and 
said goodnight to him.  and after an hour he had fallen asleep only to 
be awakened by her huge ass hovering an inch above his nose 
bbrrrrrrrrrrrrrrpp is all he heard and as he tried desperately to focus 
his eyes the smell cought him first.  uuhhhhhh he bellowed at the smell.  
please oh god it stinks.  help he screamed again and again  no one could 
help him he was trapped under what he thought was the worlds biggest ass 
and had to smell it.  he tried despreately to get away but it was no 
use.  bbbuuuuurrrrrp  this one was so hot it felt like it burt the nose 
right off his face.  he wish it had when he got a wiff of it beggen her 
to have mercy on him he pleaded for her to stop. ass another unearthy 
fart engulfed his helpless face.  tears came down his face from the 
horried smell.  then she started wipeing her wet fart ridden ass in his 
face reaching back with one hand and grasping the back of his head.  
wiping the wetness all over his face.  she then covered his mouth with 
her snatch preventing him from setting any air and laid the slowest 
,hottest, longest, stinkiest fart of them all it was the fatal fouth.  
as he later called it.  it riveled all the septic tanks in the world the 
was almost heaving at the smell but couldn't while his mouth was 
enprisoned in her snatch.  he struggled and struggled this fart lasted a 
whole enire minute in lenghth and it ligured for ten minutes in which 
time he was never able to move.  all he could do is sit here and smell 
it.  his eyes glazed over from the smell he dismounted off of him.  and 
softly kissed him again goodnight with her big soft lips.  and said 
goodnight as she curled up to him and both fell asleep.  The next 
morning was worse then last night. but it wasn't farts as her weapon of 
chioce it was her morning breath.  he woke up to thows two big full lips 
he saw as the last thing from last night hovering above his nose.  He 
new this was trouble but he tried to scream but his mouth was taped 
shut.  joey she said sorta suductivly with a hint of sadisticness.  I 
always wanted to know somthing,  do I really have really bad morning 
breath like my ex said I did.  she started blowing her hot breath into 
his face. he struggled desperately not to inhale.  and manage to aviod 
it for about two minutes.  but then he just had to breath as he inhaled 
deeply out of despiration for air she blew her hot morning breath deep 
into his nose.  pain stuck his face she was happy. and smiling in a very 
sadistic way.  smell bad she feveriously shook his head yes hoping for 
once ounce of mercy.  she smiled  good she said as she lowered her her 
mouth to his nose once again.  the hot steamy breath fogged his face, 
now full of sweat and tears hoping against hope of mercy from her.  he 
breathed it in he no longer had the strenth not to.  do to holding his 
breath brfore and her weight lieing on him.  tears streamed down his 
face and he visabley gaging for fresh air.  she again and then yet again 
went down to his nose each time getting closer and closer to his nose 
with her hot stinky morning breath.  he truely thought a smell like that 
could only com from the depts of hell itself.  it smelt like hot 
steaming horse shit but ten times worse.  his insides were tuning inside 
out from this feverish attack.  she broke free looking down on his 
tourmented soul.  and said to him. i can't believe it smells that bad. i 
think your over agsagerating. only one way to find out.  she then grabed 
both sides of his face ensuring he couldn't move, and opened her mouth 
slightly then pauseing to say.  now its time to find out how bad it 
really is. your going in. he tried to sceam but only to be muffled by 
the tape on his mouth.  she opened her mouth realy wide and placed her 
full lips over his nose completely down to his face totaly sealing his 
nose in her mouth. he was so week against her he tried to raise his arms 
in a deasperate effort to free himself from her horried breath.  it was 
worse then when she was only inches away.  he desperatly tried to get 
away but she had him locked in.   the smell was worse then death he 
thought.  horse crap nothing this was just pure toxic.  she kept him in 
this position for twenty minutes. she every once in a while part her 
mouth from him to absorb the pain an his face and reval in his torture.  
then just sink right back down for more.he finally passed out. from lack 
of oxygen.  and that toxic vapor from her mouth.  he awoke an hour later 
free from the tape.  he walked out into the living room to see her 
eating a huge bowl of baked beans. and drinking the last cup of a pot of 
coffee.  she ordered him to come over to her.  so he did as he walked 
threw the livingroom to the couch she was sitting he noticed the beans 
already were working. she scowled at him. what did i do he asked in 
fear.  I told you to smell my breath you knew i wanted you to but at 
first you refused by not breathing for the first two minutes.  remember 
I told you what would happen if you didn't obey me?  now since the 
little demonstation in the middle of the night seemed not to sink in.  
your gonna have to pay.  she then stood up towering over him and riped 
her bra off and unearth these massive titanical tits that were eye level 
to him as she stood before him. tieng his hand at the wrist with one end 
of her bra she dragged him into the bathroom wear she tied him up to a 
raidiater in the bathroom.  she squated on the tiolet wear she began 
taking a very aroma fill crap.  she must have shit for five minutes 
before she was done.  she looked down at him and said time to pay the 
toll step child.  she stood up and walked over to him without wiping his 
eyes poped out she began to beg her saying he'd do anything if she 
wouldn't do this to him.she steped over him faceing away from him 
faceing towards his legs.  she squated ever slowly please i'm sorry he 
begged,  she said nothing just continued to lower onto him till her huge 
ass filled every millimeter of his vision, until she stop one inch from 
his face then she said lick it clean.   or i'll sit up and smother you 
in my shitty ass till you die.  he then without reluctency knowing she 
would proceeded to lick her shitty ass till all the shit was gone.  if 
that wasn't bad enough she put her snatch over his mouth afterwords, 
preventing him from breathing and farted again and agian for a half hour 
straight and instrucked him to lick her clean once more.  but the second 
time he went in her ass was like a suction cup swallowing his head in 
her enormous ass.  after a minute she noticed he was in serious trouble 
and jumped off him as if she cared.  the dismount made a popping niose 
when his face was released.  she checked him all over to make sure he 
was ok this really confused him.  after breakfast she anounced it was 
time to wrestle.  she got on the mat and instructed him to come forward.  
i want you to really wrestle me. give me all you got.  he stepped 
forward just to stand thier while she picked him up and powerbamed him 
on the matress she laid out.  move after move he offered no resistance.  
don't wanna fight hua she said barking at him. you didn't obey me again 
she said, then she vicously threw him down to the ground this time 
sitting on his chest.  he gasped for air barley finding enough to 
survive. then she slid down and stratled his cock sitting up but they 
were both fully clothed.  well lets see here maybe you need some 
modivation.  you seem to know my ass very well so i guess i have to 
change your modivation giving the fact your probaby used to it by now.  
so lets see i got it.  maybe i can piss you off.  she then held his 
hands to the matress and started licking his face.  slobbering all over 
his face he squirmed and try to free himself.  from this soggy 
onslaught.  oh baby you do have some fight in you then she proceeded to 
lick him some more.  then he finally gave up and she grew tired of 
licking him.  then she said what am I gonna have to do to you to get you 
to wrestle me.  he looked as if he was pissed but he just laid thier. 
did i make you mad? she asked as if talking to a baby.  did my big wet 
tounge hurt you.  i'll kiss it and make it all better.  she began 
kissing him all over his face he started pushing her away.  What joey? 
she said don't like being kissed then she stuck her toung out and 
wiggled at him. 
 he gringed and tried to get away.  then she grabbed the sides of his 
face like she she did this morning he thought the breath was comming but 
what he got was a mouth full of toung.  she kissed him with her toung 
and kept him locked in.  he mouned couse her weight was lieing on  him.  
he started pounding on her sides tring to get her to unlock her toung 
from him.  oh baby she said thats my man.  she said.  he really started 
growing very uncomfortable after that.  she then said if you wont fight 
me i'll rape you.  and make you my new sex toy.  and my lover.   oh shit 
noo! he screamed she then riped off her bra.  and shirt then pulled his 
clothes clean from his body he tried to run for the front door as she 
took her bottom half off leaving both of them.  nakedthe door wouldn't 
open it was padlocked he began to relise why her guy ran off like he did 
couse she now was in love with him. 
 and thats the way she shows it farts morning breath wrestling licking 
and god knows what other tortures he did not know about.  she started 
towards him he knew he had to act fast.  or be fucked by chiczilla.  As 
she came towars him he ducked underneath of her as she swiped at him.  
he drop kicked the back of her knees bucking them she fell back he tried 
to get out of the way of her human avalanch but got squashed under her.  
he growned in pain.  tring to claw away, but the force of her wieght 
crashing on him took all he had out of him.  she got up unscaved.  she 
walked slowly around hit quivering body. till she stopped at his head 
now for the pin and the win she said. she squated down right on his 
face. rubbing her pussy in his face reminding him of what was to com. 
then she counted one two three.  your mine she said.  now eat me. then 
she laid down over him to start sucking his cock her thieghs engulfed 
his head his face was filled with her pussy.  he tried deaspeatly to get 
away buy she more then doubled him in wieght and he started as she 
requested.  funny thing was he couldn't budge her off of him but she 
proped herself in a way not to crush him in this 69.  she suck him dry 
she licked and sucked so hard he thought his brain would come out of his 
penis. as he licked her and licked her she came to orgasm.  as did he 
simaltainiously.  she never let go took his hole load inside her mouth.  
devouing his every drop.  then dismounted off of him to spin around and 
get what she came for she put his swallen cock inside her.  and started 
thrusting back and forth she came down on top of him smotheing him in 
her huge 56fff chest.  he tried to free himself but he couldn't get air 
and she was no longer supporting her wieght it was all on him now.  he 
felt the ribs in his chest cracking pain took over his face as she 
panted and growned approaching orgasm.  she then soon after started 
screaming in exstacy as she came to orgasm. thrusting harder and harder.  
pounding harder and hader as she went into her 2nd, 3rd, and 4th orgasms 
back to back.  her body quivering she dismounted off of him he was 
lieing motionless on the matress she listioned to his chest he was still 
breathing and as she looked at his face it had a smile apon it.  and as 
she looked down at his hands she began to cry at the sight of his thumb 
his pointer finger and his pinky were raised.  while the other two 
fingers down.  it was a symbol of the old days of wrestling that ment I 
LOVE YOU!       

The End 




THE STEP SISTER PART 2, THE REVENGE
By Thomas Whitfield
Find out what happens when stepsister finds out that Joey was not really in love
with her.  This time its gonna hurt!


     By the time Joey grew conscience Sam was not in site just the sound
Of her singing an old love song from the 80's called "I Wanna Be With
You" .  This really started to make him wonder as he rose from the floor
To a sitting position.  He looked down at his left hand and saw the I
Love you sign made with his hand and shook his head and wondered why he
Did that.  Then   he remembered in order for him to survive her being on
Top of him he imagined superfly jimmy snuka from wrestling to kinda
Project himself out of the moment.  However, from the pain he passed out as
He imaging jimmy doing his patenent finishing maneuver, as he did his
Finished he always held up the I love you sign with both hands and pelted
Off the top rope.  And in reality that is what he was acting out to
Project himself from her onslaught.  When he heard her singing he
Wondered if she had thought that was meant for her.  Well he was about to
Find out cause now she is coming in the room.  She saw him in the
Sitting position and walked over to help him up in seconds his question
Was answered.  She grabbed him and kissed him deeply.  Some how he broke
Away from her kiss and started backpedaling away from her.  What's the
Matter sweetheart your smile and your hand told me you loved me.  Your
My new boyfriend now.  Oh god no he screamed You think I am In love
With you.  No it's from wrestling ya know jimmy snuka I had to think
About something else cause you were crushing me.  Her look turned from
Happy and loving to deadly and dangerous.  She came towards him.  He
Did what any smart individual would of done ran and ran for his life. 
He bolted up the stairs with her in hot pursuit.  The house was still
Locked up.  Therefore, he had to try to find away out fast.  He ran to the attic
Moreover, found a small window this was the first time he'd ever been up here
It was really dark and damp.  But not as bad as the dark and damp ass
Treatment he'd get from her.  So he flung open the window and went out on
The roof in hopes of finding away down.  However, she was quickly closing in
She walked up the attic steps from outside he heard her giant footsteps
Crashing opon each step drawing him closer to his doom.  He frantically
Looked for a way off the roof.  All he saw was a huge pool that was at
Least 20 ft deep but one problem it was 25 ft way from the house.  No
Way he could jump it with out killing himself.  Out of desperation he
Looked again for a way that wasn't there.  By this time she had relised
He was outside on the roof and was stepping out onto the roof.  Sam
Please he said in a desperate attempt to have mercy from her.  She just
Stared down at him.  You broke my heart now I am gonna break you.  He
Suddenly relised that love is not what she wanted now but pain his.  He
Tried to run but in his attempt slipped on the slanted roof right into
Her feet.  He quickly started kissing her feet hoping this sign from him
Would bring some mercy.  She then unceremoniously picked him up over
Her head and walked to the end of the roof.  In addition, she asked.  How much
do
You love your stepsister.  I love you I love you I want us to go out. 
I am not convinced she said you said you didn't now you just don't wanna
Pay.  I am gonna throw you off.  If you live I let you eat my ass to
Prove your love if you don't then I know no part of you ever loved me.
She then heaved his body off the roof he went fling towards the pool.  He
Was screaming while fling threw the air.  He landed in the pool thank
God he thought after his head popped out of the water.  It felt like he
Hit a brick wall but he was glad to have live threw it.  By the time he
Crawled out of the pool.  He looked at her massive legs standing before
Him.  She picked him up and carried him back in the house saying I am
Not convinced yet.  You have to earn the right to eat my ass again!  He
Knew by that statement he was in for it.  He did not know quiet what to
Do at this point.  He said that he loved her but that just got him
Thrown off the roof.  She dumped him on the floor and with a huge thud
Before he could react she jumped up and splashed down on his midsection.
With her belly crossing his every ounce of air left his body.  And Joey
Was unable to move.  Gasping for air and chocking was all he could do he
Couldn't even lift his arms as she just laid there for a moment
Thinking of what to do next.  Then she got an idea she got up and grabbed
The two of his feet and drug him back into the living room.  From there
She climbed on the entertainment center that stood at least 6 ft from the
Ground she then said to him.  Superfly hua that's what you were doing. 
Was his move like this she put both of her hands into the air and made?
The I love you sign.  And leaped off slashing down on his belly crossing
Over with hers as she did before.  His body started twitching and his
Eyes rolled back in his head.  He had his mouth wide open with nothing
Coming out.  Oh my god she thought I killed him.  She started giving
Him mouth-to-mouth and pushing on his chest.  He coughed violently and
Gagged up mucus.  She left him in a heap on the floor leaving the room
Announcing this isn't over yet don't you go dying on me cause I'll shoot
My self just to come and get you.  Just lie their I'll be back.  He
Couldn't move anyway.  Therefore, it really didn't matter much.  She returned in
About a half hour.  Match time she said to Joey.  Please no Sam I am
Begging you I'll be your boyfriend just don't hurt me.  I'll only accept
It and not hurt you when you mean it.  Know put em up.  Or I'll lay on
You and slowly fuck you till you die.  He knew she meant it too she was
Drooling when she said it.  And her nipples came out about a half an
Inch.  She even started rubbing her clit in hopes he wouldn't raise his
Hands this was it.  He gathered every ounce of strength he could muster.
And raised his hands.  She looked somewhat disappointed.  They circled
One another his face was filled with fear he knew she was out to put a
Hurting on him.  If only he could find away of falling in love with her.
However, not fighting wasn't going to be an option he first thought he could
Earn some respect.  By fighting her but she was 6'5 230 and he was 5 4
110 this was not and even contest.  She lunged at him he ducked under
Her punching her in the belly as he dodged around her and then put his
Foot up and kicked her in her enormous ass.  She spun around unaffected
By the moves he pulled off.  Think you fast hua we'll see.  Then
Something strange came over him and he for some reason said aloud what he
Was thinking?  I am a lot quicker then you fat ass.  Catch me if you
Can.  The only kink in her armor was her speed she wasn't fast like him. 
This is and his statement angered her.  Therefore, she reached out to grab him
He got out of the way.  What's the matter he said that titanic ass of
Yours can't move that fast.  She replied When I get a hold of you I am
Gonna shove you up my ass.  What did that little trip off the roof make
A man out of you or something.  Ya know honey he said  I love your tits
Take them out for me.  You mean my 56fff's you want them hear they are
Then she pulled off her top.  Then tore her bra right from her body
Exposing those huge melons. That damn near reached her belly button.
In addition, were 3 times the size of his head and the funny thing was she was
So tall he was eye to eye with the very bottom of them.  He wanted to
Go for them.  It was like he snapped here's w women who was gonna kill
Him and his dick were hard as a rock.  Lusting after her tits.  He figured
If he was gonna die he was gonna have one of those tits in his hands
When he did.  As he circled her more he noticed her beautiful green eyes
In addition, her long dirty blond curly hair with light blonde streaks threw it. 
He felt those eyes were inviting and felt all fuzzy inside.  He thought
My god could he love this Amazon damn she really is pretty.  He then
Started thinking of the way she was so genital when she thought he was
Hurt.  At this point he stopped moving far a moment just long enough for
Her to take hold of his arm the started spinning in a circle.  His feet
Left the ground.  And then without warning let go of him.  He flew
Across the room smashing down on the coffee table.  Bouncing off onto
The floor she quickly came up to him and grabbed him by the hair
Raising him up she scooped her hand under his leg having him
Horizontally across his chest.  Then walked back to  the mattress and
Jumped up and powerslamed him on the mat with her still on top.  He
Started gagging again he couldn't get out any words to save himself as
She squatted her ass over his nose and let the hottest wettest worst
Smelling fart go that ever was.  He desperately tried to get away but it
Was no use but he didn't give up.  He knew what would happen if he did. 
Then she let go of another toxic balm this one was even worse then the
Other one.  The smell from both farts still lingered as she let go with
Yet a third one.  He started creaming for help as he could take the
Smell any more or being pinned under that titanic ass.  HELP ME PLEASE
ANYONE HELP. He cried.  She fallowed with a fourth they just kept
Getting worse in smell.  He started to have the dry heaves there was
Nothing in his stomach so throwing up was out.  PLEASE HAVE MERCY ON ME
SAM PLEASE I'LL DO ANYTHING. He said crying from the smell.  She said did
You really think you could talk to me that way Joey.  hua what did you
think was gonna happen welcome back to earth.  Its lunchtime eat this.  
SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS was all he heard.  That was the deadliest sound he
Ever heard.  It smelt like pure rotted dead shit.  1000 times worse then
Any of them.  He started heaving wildly as he threw his arms and legs
Kicking and screaming.  She just rested back on his face crushing his
Mouth with the cunt potion of her body and let out an
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH THAT FELT GREAT I needed that.  Now that his
Mouth was covered he was doomed.  As that same noise let out again
SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS  she was in heaven that her belly was releasing the
Gas brung on by his shocking announcement this morning.  Mean while Joey
Was inhaling every ounce of the fart she just laid.  That right Joey eat
It.  Eat it all up.  Your my little bitch aren't you Joey.  ahua he
Mumbled threw her snatch.  That's a good boy.  Then she let another sizzler
Go.  Followed by another and yet another.  Each worse then the one
Before.  She kept him their with a deadly stream of farts for at least
2 hrs.  Maybe even 3 they both lost track he never lost consciences
Mostly out of fear of never waking again.  The smell was horrible and
Finally after about 3 hrs he stopped farting.  At that point Joey
Thought even Exxon didn't have that much gas.  She walked out of the
Room but he hadn't noticed his eyes weren't focused.  He focused them to
The sight of her taping his mouth shut.  Then came those huge lips after
His nose three hours of farts now this he thought.  My god just kills me. 
At this point he wanted to die rather then smelling her shit breath.  No
Such luck for him thou he watched in horror as that mouth closed in. 
Over his nose and breathed deeply into his nasals.  He swore to god
That her breath was worse then her ass.  Maybe just a degree of shit he
Wasn't used too.  He desperately tried to get away but as usual it was
No use.  He already learned never to talk to like that again she must
Have been real pissed cause her smell worsened with anger.  She
Sadistically blew her hot breath in his face that reminded him of a morning
Shit.  He could not believe just bad her breath was he was crying
Involuntarily from the smell.  She looked deep into his turreted eyes
And started explaining to him.  He was her little fuck toy whenever she
Wanted.  She also said.  I'm gonna   invite my cousin Cindy over to meet
You.  She has a little friend named LUKE   (for those of you who don't
Know who they are read A Little Boys Dream on this sight in the
Miscellaneous section.  One of the more recent ones.  Its in their between
3 and 6. Of the miscellaneous.)  By me Thomas Whitfield.  I think she
Would get a kick out of you.  She told me I could have Luke for a night
If I had someone to trade with.  However, what we really want is for both of
Us to do you.  At the same time  she's 6ft 190 now she put on five lbs. 
With me and her that's 420lbs.  She likes showing her morning breath off
Too.  Wonder what both of our breaths together would smell like.  He
Cringed at the thought.  Some how he knew that he one day would find out. 
She kept breathing her toxic breath into his face then started sliding
His pants off she already removed hers earlier.  As the foul stench grew
Near his cock raised looking at her eyes and hair and beautiful lips once
More.  He then free one of his hands and ripped the tape off his mouth. 
She let him more curious of why he did it then anything.  Sam I know I
Am not going any wear infact I don't want too I feel bad about what I
Said to you this morning.  His cock with her help at this time slide
Into her pussy.  I know I deserve what your doing now and more if you
Hurt me I won't blame you but this time I'll tell you myself looking at
You I know I love you.  Why I don't know.  I just do. We'll see if you
Can say that when I am done I'll  be very impressed. and I'll know if
You're sincere  by your eyes.  You hurt me I promise I wont hurt you but
You won't like the punishment.  I thought you were punishing me.  No I
Haven't gotten to that yet these things are me are what I do.  Why cause
If you breathe in the worst of a person you connect with their sole.  If
You except then nothing that happens afterwards change your mind.  That
You love them.  Take you not here I am fucking you and breathing my
Morning breath on you.  You're hard as a rock.  You weren't before I
Started. Were you?  You do love my ways.  In addition, my ass and breath just go
Along cause that's what's unique about me.  Some might think its gross or
Sick.  However, some think that its heaven.  What do you think baby.  She then
Continued to breath on him they both began moaning and panting he was
Still being forced to smell her god-awful breath but what she said in
Mind every time he thought of it and she thrusted apon him his cock
Throbbed harder.  He started to get it.  It was like she was saying take
My worst and make love to it.  Love me for the worst things and the best
Will mean so much more.  As weird as these fetishes were they made all
The since in the world if you were forced to receive them.  They both
Came to the most titanic orgasm of all time both at the same time.  God
They were in  awl of each other staring in each other's eyes.  She kept
Breathing into his nose as they climaxed he screamed out god I love you.
In addition, ya know what he meant it.  His punishment was to lick her ass and
Pussy every time she went  to the bathroom a job he didn't like. 
Especially since he acted a the toilet paper.  The next day they expected
Luke and Cindy to come over but unfortunately Luke was a little under
The weather from having to do the 69 with Cindy while he had just taken
A shit.  Then had to eat her out while she was on the rag.  But they
Said their might be a chance since Luke wanted to meet Joey the only
Other indivual that had a bigger problem then he did to love.  The end

What happens when 3 amazons go on a robbery spree and decide to use Sam?
In addition, Joeys house as a hide out and take the 2 of them prisoner.  Get
Ready cause tomorrow will be no picnic for Joey or Sam.  Will Sam be?
Able to fight off the 7ft lesbians.  Alternatively, will they change her
forever?
Find out in  THE STEP SISTER PART 3 THE TAKE OVER.                      




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tommyevil


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





