BDSM Library - The Thrill of the Chaste




The Thrill of the Chaste
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In a mood not only she bought herself a chastity belt but also signed for a five-year service contract. Soon she has to discover how strictly they secure her chastity.
The Thrill of the Chaste

Submitted by: Kevin Wood

Part 1
The Story Begins

At the age of twenty-one, Sandra had become interested in chastity belts. She'd read that 
you could get modern ones - light, but strong and not too cumbersome- and totally effec-
tive. Why the idea intrigued her she wasn't sure - it was a terribly humiliating thing for a girl 
to have to wear; so maybe she just wanted to humiliate herself by wearing one.

She fantasized about wearing a chastity belt so much, that eventually she took herself off 
to a shop she'd heard of that supplied them. Fortunately the fantasy shop was quiet; she 
took a quick look round then approached the girl at the counter.

"I'm interested in purchasing a chastity belt," she told her, thinking even as she said it that 
it was the weirdest thing she'd ever said to anyone.

"Certainly," the girl told her. "Is it for yourself?"

Sandra nodded. "Yes."

"Okay," the girl proceeded. "All our belts are custom made - we'll have to measure you up, 
and you can chose which type; but first I will need a few details."

The girl took out some paperwork, and began asking a few questions.

"Do you want just a straightforward purchase, or do would you prefer a leasing arrange-
ment with a duration contract?"

Sandra looked bemused. "Er, I'm not sure. How does the leasing thing work?"

The girl explained. "Well, the difference between the two options is this: if it's a straight-
forward purchase, you take the belt when it's ready, and you keep the keys. That way you 
can put it on and take it off as you wish. With the leasing contract it's much different. We 
put the belt on you, and we keep the keys. You stay in the belt for a pre-determined length 
of time."

Sandra was intrigued. "What's the idea behind that then?"

The girl shrugged. "Some people find the second option more...well, more 'fun'. More in-
teresting if you like. It gives a real commitment to the idea of chastity belts. After all, 
they're not supposed to be something you put on and take off yourself. For people who 
don't have a partner who can take charge of the keys, it gives much more reality to the 
idea of being locked up in a chastity belt."

Sandra had to agree it was quite a good idea. "I see, yes. It's an intriguing idea. I must say 
I hadn't thought about anything like that. I'm not sure I'm quite ready for that amount of 
commitment."

The girl nodded. "Well, you should give it some thought. It's a big step to sign up for sev-
eral years locked into a belt."

The girl showed Sandra a contract document. "Have a look through this if you like, then 
come back tomorrow maybe when you've had a think about it."

Sandra didn't want to do that - it was too far to travel.

"Couldn't you go through the main points of it with me, to help me decide?"

The girl agreed. "Okay. " she took the contract from her again and they looked at it to-
gether.

"It's called an Enforced Wearer contract," she explained. "You sign up for however long 
you want to be locked in the belt, and we see to it that you stay in it for that duration. 
There are three choices for the duration. You can choose from five years; ten years; or life 
- that's forever, basically."

Sandra was amazed. "Five years....Heavens, that's a long time to be in a chastity belt."

The girl shrugged. "Sure is. I know because I've done it. Well, nearly done it - I have an-
other year to do, then I'm out."

Sandra could hardly believe it. "You've been in a belt for four years. My God..why ?"

She shrugged again. "Why does anyone do it? I dunno - just fancied the idea. I have a 
partner now, and he knows about it. He might make me sign up for another five years 
when I'm out of this one."

Sandra was speechless.

"Five years is probably the one to go for, if you're interested. That's the most popular 
choice. We got lots of women on that one. Plus a few more on ten years. Even a couple of 
'lifers'. God they've got some commitment. Anyway, that's basically how it works. We 
check on you every month, to see if the belt's okay. If somehow you manage to get it off, 
we put you straight back into another one."

She paused to let Sandra take all this in.

"So," she began again, "what's it going to be?"




Part 2

Enforced Wearer Contract for Chastity Belts

Terms and Conditions

The contract is between Sandra Houlton and Fantasy Promotions Inc. The contract is le-
gal and binding, and cannot be cancelled without the agreement of both parties.

The purpose of the contract is to as effectively as possible deny access to the vagina by 
any person or persons other than the appointed staff of the company, by enforcing the 
wearing at all times of the female chastity belt, type 'Invincible', serial no. 7590345F, for 
the period of time as stated in the terms and conditions below.

Duration

Five calendar years

Conditions

1) The above mentioned Sandra Houlton, known as 'the wearer', shall have a chastity belt 
locked around her. The wearer shall continue to wear the belt continuously for the above 
period of time.

2) On no account shall the wearer have access to the keys of the belt. Keys remain at all 
times with Fantasy Promotions Inc.

3) The wearer shall make no violent attempt to free herself from the belt, which may result 
in damage to the belt. Any damage so incurred shall be repaired and charged to the lease 
account of the wearer.

4) A monthly inspection of the belt will be made by qualified staff of the company. Inspec-
tions may be made at the company's premises, or at the wearer's residence. Removal of 
the belt may not be always necessary.

5) If it is found necessary to remove the belt, temporary measures will be taken to prevent 
the wearer from gaining access to the unsecured vagina.

6) In the unlikely event of the wearer being found to have freed herself from the belt, a 
new belt will be installed, and any costs incurred added to the lease account. A penalty 
will also be incurred, adding one extra year to the duration period.

I agree to the above terms and conditions

.......................

Sandra looked at her signature on the contract. Her life in a chastity belt was about to be-
gin. Day one, she wrote in her diary:

Day One. I came home from the shop with a copy of the contract in my hand, and the belt 
locked around my loins. I am very conscious of the belt, but it is cleverly designed, custom 
made for me, and so far doesn't feel uncomfortable. It's difficult to say yet how I'll cope. 
Five years seems an awful long time; but it's a tremendously masochistic thrill to think 
somebody has done this to me.

Denied access to my own vagina. How desperately humiliating for a woman. The girl in 
the shop was right - it adds a whole new dimension to the idea of having a chastity belt. 
To get the right thrill out of it you need someone to make you wear it. The idea of some-
one forcing me to do this, although I have agreed to it, is thrilling.

-----------

Day Two. Waking up to the fresh realization of being forced to wear a chastity belt was so 
thrilling. I'm very turned on by the idea of the belt, and the actuality of it around me, but of 
course I can do little to get sexual satisfaction. Sex really would be completely impossible, 
even if I had anyone here to try it. Masturbation doesn't seem possible either; which is 
slightly disappointing, yet thrilling again that the belt is so effective.

On the practical side of things, I'm occasionally finding it a bit frightening that I can't get 
the belt off. Going to a gym, or swimming, sunbathing and things are out of the question. It 
does restrict me a bit for sporting activities, but what would be worse would be that others 
would see the belt on me. I couldn't possibly explain that away.

But being around people fully clad is no problem. They can't see it under my skirt; and I 
find it exciting to know I'm wearing this strange device in public. People would be abso-
lutely astonished if they found out.

Still on the practical side, some clothes are difficult too. The belt's not that obtrusive, but 
trousers are out really, unless they're really baggy, and that looks pretty uncool. Ordinary 
knickers are out too. I could wear big ones, over the belt; but largely I don't think I'll bother. 
The belt's my underwear now. Iron knickers, you could say.

But I'm still feeling very positive, and very good about being in a chastity belt. I know 
there'll be times when I'll hate it; but I'm sure I'll get through. Today I feel as if I could do 
ten years, never mind five.

-------------

And so it went on; with Sandra coping largely very well in the chastity belt. On day thirty 
she wrote:

Day Thirty. Inspection day. Part of me was dreading it; and yet it was quite exciting that 
someone was actually going to see me wearing this thing. As it turned out it was a a 
woman who came to do the inspection, so it was less embarrassing than anticipated.

I had to take my skirt off and she began examining the belt. All went well until she discov-
ered some scratch marks on the waistband. I knew what that was - I'd bumped into a wall 
on the landing one night. I told her that; but she was suspicious.

"Looks like somebody's had a go at this. Weren't trying to get it off, were you ?" she 
asked.

"No, no - definitely not," I told her. "I know they're practically impossible to get off any-
way..."

But she was still suspicious. "I'll have to report this you know. You know what might hap-
pen?"

I did. "Er yes, I'd get another year as a penalty."

She took out a camera and took some close-ups of the marks on the belt, and I put my 
skirt back on.

"Look," she said suddenly, "I have the keys to your belt...I could unlock you and give you a 
few minutes to yourself if you're desperate."

I was quite surprised actually. But I declined her offer.

"Suit yourself," she said. "But I will have to report the damage. Let me give you some ad-
vice - you're wasting your time trying to get that belt off with a kitchen knife. With a belt like 
you've got, there are really only two ways: the key, or dynamite."

With that she left, saying she'd be back next month.

--------------

A few days later Sandra received a letter from the company that had supplied the chastity 
belt. It read thus:

Dear Miss Houlton,

Following a routine visit from one of our inspectors, it was found that attempts had been 
made to free you from your chastity belt. This had apparently been unsuccessful, and 
there was some superficial damage to the belt.

May we remind you of clauses 4 and 5 in the contract, which forbid the wearer to use 
force to try to remove a belt. In this instance it appears you have not spent time outside of 
the belt, consequently we are not imposing any penalties.

However, we would ask you to refrain from any violent attempts to remove your belt; and 
as a matter of course we have made an appointment for you to use our counseling serv-
ice. Details are given below.

-----------

Sandra wrote back:

Dear Sirs,

Thank you for your letter. I did explain to your representative that the damage was acci-
dental, and not in fact an attempt to break free from the belt.

I am fine in the belt, and not experiencing any problems so far. However I will attend the 
appointment for counseling.

---------------------

So it seemed that the only problems Sandra had with her chastity belt were administrative, 
and not because of the physical side of the belt. A week later she was attending her coun-
seling session. Her counselor was a mature woman, probably in her late forties. Her name 
was Miss Baines.

"Hello Sandra," she greeted her. Sandra shook hands.

"Do you mind if I just check your belt before we begin?" Miss Baines asked.

"No, not at all," Sandra told her. "I'll take my skirt off."

Miss Baines examined the chastity belt locked around Sandra. "That seems fine, thank 
you. Put your skirt back on and sit down please."

Miss Baines looked through some notes, then began. "So, I understand that one of the 
reasons for your being here today is that you've been trying to get the chastity belt off?"

Sandra shook her head. "No, not at all. I explained to the representative that it was acci-
dental damage. I was drunk one night, and fell against a radiator at home."

Miss Baines looked a bit dubious. "I see...I hadn't been told that. It's just that, well we have 
to take attempts to break out very seriously. Also, as I'm sure you will understand, hardly 
anyone will ever admit to trying to get belts off. They think that we'll think they're sex mad 
or something, I'm sure."

Miss Baines smiled, waiting for Sandra's reaction.

"No," Sandra told her, "I definitely wasn't trying to get the belt off, I assure you."

"I see, okay," Miss Baines responded, sounding totally unconvinced. "Let me ask you, 
what were your initial reasons for wanting a chastity belt?"

Sandra paused for a moment. "Several reasons, I think. For some time now I've had a 
very strong desire to be humiliated, in a sexual way. The idea of chastity belts began to 
intrigue me, because it's such a humiliating thing to have to wear. That's the main reason, 
I'm sure. Plus the fact that straight sex, penetrative sex, doesn't really interest me, and I 
don't masturbate all that much."

Miss Baines nodded. "That's fine Sandra. And how are you coping now that you're locked 
up in the belt?"

"Fine," Sandra assured her, "absolutely fine."

Miss Baines nodded again. "So you've never had a time when you've been so frustrated 
that you would do anything to get the belt off?"

Sandra shook her head. "No, certainly not. It's very early days yet though. Maybe there 
will be times like that; but so far no problems. The only negative thing is that it's a bit re-
stricting for sport, and I daren't be seen scantily clad in public; so I can't go swimming and 
sunbathing. But I'm managing okay without that. All in all I would say I'm quite happy un-
der this arrangement."

Miss Baines nodded. "What about boyfriends?" she asked.

Sandra looked pensive. "Well, that would be a problem, yes. I don't have a boyfriend, or I 
wouldn't really have entered into this chastity thing. I intend to avoid relationships whilst I 
spend my time in the belt. I worked all that out before I got into all this."

Miss Baines seemed satisfied. But there was one more thing.

"Look," she said, "let me give you the address of a lady who has an interest in this sort of 
thing. She hosts a sort of 'open house' for girls like you, to get together and socialize with-
out fear of being seen in their chastity belts."

----------

The visit to Mrs Montfort's was wonderful for Sandra. She met other girls and women in 
chastity belts. They swam in the pool, exercised, or just sat around chatting.

Sarah was one of the first people Sandra met. They swam in the pool together and talked 
as they splashed about. Sarah was twenty-four and had been in her belt for six years.

"So are you doing the ten year contract?" Sandra asked her.

"Phew, no way. It was supposed to be the five year one. My mother talked me into it when 
I was eighteen. Daffiest thing I ever did. All my adult life I've been locked into the damned 
thing. I've been out of it twice though. You can get them off you know."

Sandra looked surprised. "Can you?"

"Oh yeah. You need a massive pair of bolt cutters, and it's not easy, 'specially by yourself. 
But you get there in the end. The first time I got out it was fabulous. Only lasted a week 
though, and they put me straight into another one. That's how I got the extra year. Then I 
did it again and got another extra year."

Sandra nodded. "So you've still got a year to do ?"

Sarah sighed. "Yep. I daren't try to break out of this one. If I can get through this year, 
then I'm out for good. Seven years in a chastity belt; Jesus. I've got some catching up to 
do I reckon."

They swam for a while, then sat dangling their legs in the pool.

"You can bring yourself off by rubbing your tits you know?"

Sandra giggled. "Really? I'll have to try that."

"Yeah, takes forever, but it can be done."

"Thanks, I'll remember that."

The girls were silent for a moment.

"What kind of a belt they got you in then?" Sarah asked.

"Er, I think its called 'Invincible'."

Sarah's eyes widened. "Phew, you have got it rough. That the top-of-the range one...wide 
front-plate, extra vulva-shield?"

"That's the one," Sandra confirmed. "I believe it's slightly heavier than the others; but 
when I buy something I like to get the best."

Sarah nodded. The girls were silent for a few moments.

"Who are the other women - over there on the patio?" Sandra asked.

"Just punters...belt wearers like you and me. 'Cept for Maxine, of course."

"Who's Maxine?"

"Her in the leather skirt," Sarah told her. "She's a dom - she gets off on this scene be-
cause most of the women here are subs..masochists. You have to be to get into these 
belts. Unless you're just plain stupid like me."

Sandra laughed, then she was serious. Maxine sounded interesting. "So she's not in a 
belt, this Maxine?"

Sarah made a face. "Doubt it. It's not a 'dom' thing, is it ? As I say, she just gets off on 
seeing these poor sods with their iron knickers on. One of them's her 'slave', I believe. The 
one sitting opposite Maxine. Monica's her name."

Sandra looked over at the girl. "The one with calipers on her legs? What's wrong with 
her?"

"Nothing," Sarah said flatly. "Maxine makes her wear those calipers. There's nothing actu-
ally wrong with her legs."

A frisson of intrigue ran through Sandra's body.

"Are you cold?" Sarah asked, "you're shivering.."

"No, I'm fine. I...are you serious about Maxine and that girl?"

"About the calipers? Yeah. I've seen her without them, she's fine - perfectly normal. Mostly 
though I've seen her with them. Maxine seems to be making her wear them all the time 
now, just to humiliate her."

Sandra was fascinated. "Jesus..that's really weird."

"Ha," Sarah scoffed, "you should talk - look at what you're wearing.."

Sandra laughed too. "Yeah, true. I guess we're all weird in one way or another."

They were silent again for a moment.

"That's really spooked you out, hasn't it?" Sarah asked her.

"Sort of," Sandra admitted.

"Want to go over and meet them? She'd probably tell you it was true if you asked Monica."

Sandra was mortified. "I wouldn't dare ask someone that. But yes, we could go over if you 
like."

The girls walked over and Sarah introduced Sandra to the others. Maxine was the first to 
speak, in a loud but cultured voice.

"So, another recruit to the wonderful world of chastity," she hailed Sandra.

"How long have you been incarcerated, my dear?"

"About six months now," Sandra told her.

"She's in the Invincible," Sarah added proudly.

"Really?" Maxine responded patronizingly. "You must have been a very naughty girl."

Sandra shrugged. "Not really. It was my choice. When I do something, I like to do it prop-
erly."

"Admirable sentiments my dear," Mrs Montfort complimented her. "Come, sit down and 
have some tea. You're among friends here."

There was a seat vacant next to Monica. Sandra made for it eagerly, so she could study 
Monica's calipers at close range. When she looked up again she caught Maxine staring at 
her interestedly.

"Quite eye-catching, aren't they?" Maxine challenged her.

"I'm sorry?" Sandra pretended not to know what she was referring to.

"The calipers, dear. The leg-irons...call you them what you will."

"Oh, er..yes," Sandra faltered. She turned to Monica and said, "I'm sorry - I didn't mean to 
stare.."

Maxine interrupted again. "Monica likes people to stare. It humiliates her; and that is what 
she likes. It's her..'thing', if you get my drift."

Sandra did get her drift. Ever since the subject had cropped up she'd had a desperate 
craving to be put into some calipers like that. It was almost inexplicable - just a natural 
reaction.

"Yes, I understand," she heard herself saying.

Mrs Montford patted her hand. "Of course you do my dear. Don't let Maxine bully you - it's 
just her way of speaking to people. But she understands what goes on in the minds of girls 
like yourself, I promise you."

Maxine spoke sharply to Monica. "Monica, stand up and show the pretty lady next to you 
your legs in those calipers." Monica stood up and lifted her summer dress right up. She 
was wearing a chastity belt, similar to Sandra's, and of course the calipers. They fastened 
round the tops of her thighs, and went right down to her ankles. They were ugly, unattrac-
tive, medical-type calipers - the sort any child would have hated to have to wear. But they 
drew your eyes to them and were striking, obtrusive and embarrassing for any wearer. 
Perfect, in fact, for the purpose of humiliating any human being; but particularly for a 
young girl, whose legs were often likely to be displayed and looked at on a daily basis.




Part 3:

Sandra hadn't been in the chastity belt for six months - she'd said that because she didn't 
want to appear to be too much of a 'beginner; especially with Sarah having been in her 
belt for six years.

Sarah could have been making it all up, of course. That had only occurred to Sandra now 
she'd had time to 'come down' from her exciting visit to Mrs. Montfort's. The place had 
been real, of course...but the people ? Very strange. And yet she was one of them, was 
she not ? One of the crowd now. Certainly she would be going back to Mrs Montfort's the 
following weekend. There was a long way to go with this time in a chastity belt, and San-
dra wanted to get through it as pleasantly as possible.

She'd now been in the chastity belt for almost two months. Another inspection was due 
today. Sandra wasn't worried about it - the belt was fine, and so was she. She had taken 
the day off work for the inspection, and as the time approached she had a long relaxing 
bath, then sat reading a magazine.

Presently there was a knock at the door. Sandra was surprised to see a young woman, 
about the same age as herself. Surely this was not the company's inspector.

The girl handed Sandra a business card. The card read:

Veronica Jay Fantasy Promotions C.B. Division

This was the engineer who had come to inspect Sandra today.

"Oh..right," she faltered, "you'd better come in."

"Thank you," the girl said.

When they were inside, the girl set about making the inspection.

"First things first," she said crisply, "let me introduce myself. Veronica Jay. You will ad-
dress me as 'Miss Jay'. Is that clear?"

Sandra was quite taken aback at this schoolmarm-ish approach.

"Er yes I suppose so."

"Good. I intend to make a very thorough inspection of the chastity belt, and of yourself, as 
per the terms and conditions of your contract. I always remove belts, for a thorough ex-
amination; consequently you will need to be restrained in the approved fashion, to prevent 
you from gaining access to your vagina. Have you had the belt removed before?"

"Er yes, once so far."

"I see. Well there are new procedures, which I will explain. A removal of the belt, however 
temporarily, leaves the vagina unsecured. To prevent the incumbent from some unau-
thorized attentions from herself she must be restrained."

Miss Jay reached into a large briefcase and produced the restraints.

"A neck-collar, and some cuffs. The cuffs are placed round the wrists, a chain is attached 
to the back of the collar, and the hands are secured high up the back. You follow?"

Sandra was stunned. "Er yes, yes I understand. It's not necessary, but..."

"Good," Miss Jay interrupted her. "I'd like you to get completely undressed now please. 
Everything off, if you don't mind."

Sandra began undressing. "Yes, of course."

"Could you try to remember to say, 'Miss Jay' when you address me please?" Miss Jay 
corrected her.

"Er yes, of course..sorry Miss Jay."

When Sandra was completely naked, Miss Jay began buckling the deep leather collar 
round her neck. As the various buckles were tightened, Sandra found her head being held 
high and more or less static. The collar was very deep, and stiff. Miss Jay continued to 
tighten the various buckles, and soon Sandra began to feel a little faint from the pressure 
on her neck and the base of her skull.

It was impossible to move her head or turn her neck at all now. But Miss Jay wasn't fin-
ished. There was a stay on the front of the collar, that forced Sandra's chin up, and as 
Miss Jay adjusted the stay, Sandra's head was gradually forced back, until she could only 
stare at the ceiling.

Sandra felt shocked and debilitated; almost isolated now. She stood naked; head trapped 
and forced upwards, almost choking in the tight, restricting collar, and staring silently up-
wards. Speech would be difficult, she felt sure, should it be needed.

Next she felt her wrists being drawn behind her, fastened into leather cuffs; and then the 
chain was attached from the cuffs to the back of the collar. Miss Jay began shortening the 
chain, and Sandra's wrists were dragged high up behind her back.

She was absolutely helpless.

"That's the restraints done," Miss Jay commented. "I'm going to remove the belt now; then 
you can sit down while I examine it."

It was a strange experience feeling the chastity belt being removed. It was so much a part 
of her now, it almost felt wrong to remove it, for whatever purpose.

Sandra couldn't see what was going on - she couldn't look down..couldn't see the belt be-
ing removed. She heard Miss Jay jangling some keys, then felt her fiddling around; then 
suddenly the waistband sprung free. She felt the front plate and vulva-shield fall away, 
and the entire belt being taken from her.

She felt the unfamiliar freedom of her vaginal area; the bareness of it; the coolness of the 
air to it, instead of the warm metal which had been jammed up against her there for so 
many weeks now.

Miss Jay sat Sandra down. From this elevation Sandra could see in her peripheral vision 
Miss Jay standing holding the belt. She couldn't see very clearly, because her head was 
still inclined toward the ceiling.

"This needs a good clean up," Miss Jay commented. Then she put the belt down and 
came over to where Sandra was sitting. "You could probably do with a good clean up too. 
Spread your legs for me, let's examine you."

Miss Jay poked around in between Sandra's legs. "Bit of hygiene work required here," she 
commented. "Nothing too drastic. When I've sorted the belt out I'll shave you off; give you 
a douche and a spray. Clean you up real well while I've got the belt off. Understand?"

Sandra's mind was reeling from the onslaught of this super-confident young woman.

"Er, yes," she managed to say. "Look...I'm sorry but it's ever so difficult to discuss things 
while I'm in this collar."

Miss Jay held up her hand. "That's okay - we'll have a discussion after I've got you sorted 
and the belt back on. There are a few points to discuss. The company's adopted some 
new policies. One of them being that all inspectors are now called Personal Mentors. I'm 
your Personal Mentor. More about that after I've done the work I need to do. I'm going to 
check and clean the belt first, then get you sorted out."

Miss Jay went into the kitchen to check and clean the belt. Then she shaved Sandra's va-
gina clean as a whistle; douched her; sprayed her, and put the chastity belt back on her. 
The belt had to be adjusted slightly, to get the front plate tightly into contact with the 
shaved vagina.

"Okay," Miss Jay declared at last, "you're all done. Locked up again, safer than Fort Knox. 
You can put your clothes on again after I untie you."

Next Miss Jay began writing her report. "You'll need to sign this when I've typed it on the 
laptop. Sandra watched what Miss Jay was typing...

Monthly check. Removed belt, checked, cleaned and adjusted belt and refitted.

Examined wearer thoroughly. Shaved, cleaned, douched and sprayed vagina and sur-
rounding area. Advice given on personal hygiene. Wearer fully restrained while belt was 
off.

Condition of belt, and findings.

Miss Jay turned to Sandra. "I need to discuss this with you before I write it up. Two 
things..well, possibly three actually. Firstly, there are signs of interference with the belt - 
some scratch marks. Have you been trying to free yourself from the belt?"

"No, no," Sandra began, "that was from before. I told the last inspector, and I've been in-
terviewed about it. It was accidental damage - I fell against the radiator."

Miss Jay looked dubious. "There's nothing in any previous report. I'll certainly have to put 
it in this report. And I'm giving you an official warning about it. I'm pretty sure you've not 
got out of the belt at any time, so I'm not giving you any penalties."

"The second thing is that from some of the deposits on the back of the vulva shield, you 
seem to be overheating a bit, down there. I'm not sure why that is. Do you wear under-
wear - or just the belt?"

"Just the belt, usually," Sandra told her. "Occasionally I'll wear some big pants, if I'm wor-
ried about the belt being noticeable."

Miss Jay nodded. "Okay. It could be the vulva-shield; plus you've got quite a wide front-
plate. I don't want to change any of the specifications though, or you might try to find a 
way of masturbating, and I don't want that. Actually you're quite a 'big' girl, and they tend 
to sweat more than others, so it could just be that. On the other hand it could be because 
you're getting sexually aroused. I notice you have a huge pair of breasts - have you been 
using them to pleasure yourself?"

Sandra remembered what Sarah had said about that. She blushed slightly. "Er no, I have-
n't done that."

Miss Jay didn't seem convinced. "Hmm, that's what they all say. We're well aware of the 
breast facility. I'm pretty sure at some stage you've brought yourself off lately, despite the 
belt. Well I've got some bad news for you lady - we're developing breast-shields. The boys 
at the factory call them - rather rudely...'titty-boxes'. Their official title is 'breast-blockers'.

Miss Jay paused to let the idea sink in. Sandra looked at her balefully.

"You're going to lock up my breasts too?"

"Possibly," Miss Jay told her. "Breasts like yours are a bit too pleasurable. I'll bring a pro-
totype of the breast-blocker with me next time. They're very lightweight - made of a special 
type of fiberglass, which is practically unbreakable. It's like a rather large brassiere, lock-
able of course. I would propose to lock that on you; removing it once a month for cleaning, 
when I make my visit."

Sandra nodded silently. Miss Jay certainly knew how to control a girl.

"Okay," she began again, "so where were we? Completing the report...

Condition of belt, and findings.

Some evidence of interference with belt, possibly attempted removal. Not thought to be 
successful. Wearer informed of findings and given warning. Wearer claims accidental 
damage. Damage is very superficial, no repair required.

Generally, belt found to be in good condition and performing well. Wearer appears to be 
overheating in vaginal area. Following reasons possible:

1) Vulva-shield too tight. Checked and adjusted.

2) Wide front-plate causing heat build-up. No action taken. Not thought advisable to alter 
spec. From other evidence (see below), wearer needs high-security specked belt and 
close monitoring.

3) Sexual Arousal. Wearer is almost definitely experiencing strong sexual arousal, on a 
frequent and recurring basis. Possibly simply as a result of the belt making her more 
aware of herself. More likely to be self-stimulation of ample breasts. Wearer denies this. 
Proposed installation of 'breast-blocker', when available. Wearer informed of proposal.

4) General body heat. Wearer is a female of ample proportions; very well endowed, and 
some 5'10" feet tall. On discussion, wearer confirms excessive perspiration occasionally, 
as often found in larger-framed individuals. Advised not to wear underwear, and wear 
loose skirts, not trousers. No other action taken.

Miss Jay continued to type her report..

General condition of wearer.

Miss Houlton is an attractive twenty-one year old female. She has been in her chastity belt 
for some two months now, and appears to be coping well, with only the occasional lapse 
into frustration or resentment at being denied access to her vagina. Miss Houlton appears 
to understand the terms and conditions of her contract, and generally speaking seems 
well committed to her five year internment.

She responds well to commands, and appears pleasant and polite. Her attitude to her belt 
seems in general fairly positive; though there are some early signs of resistance which will 
need careful monitoring. Sexual arousal is very prevalent in her day-to-day life, and we 
have discussed measures to limit this over and above the existing ones. The installation of 
a breast-blocker has been proposed, to obviate indiscretionary stimulation, and she ap-
pears to accept this as a renewed and valued commitment to the aims of her contract.

I feel Sandra would also benefit from further guidance and counseling, particularly over 
her approach to the true spirit and meaning of chastity. Together with the practical meas-
ures proposed and existing, I feel some improvement in her attitude is possible, and will 
endeavor to work with her in achieving that improvement.

Objectives.

Install breast-box at earliest opportunity.

Counseling/training to eradicate tendency to self-stimulation.

Improve personal hygiene.

Wet-shave entire vaginal area on each inspection/visit.

Maintain commitment to belt and avoid resentment.

Miss Jay finished typing. "Well, that's about it for this visit. Just a few more points though. 
As a mentor, my responsibilities extend much further now than simply checking your 
chastity belt. They cover a whole range of things; for instance your general health and 
wellbeing; your behavior; your appearance; your approach to chastity of course; and 
lastly, but most important - discipline."

Sandra flinched. It seemed so strange for this girl who was the same age as her to be 
talking about discipline.

"You've been well-behaved today," she began, "and largely we don't seem to be having a 
problem with discipline. However, I do have the power to discipline you, and believe me I 
won't hesitate to use it. Is that clear?"

"Well I don't know," Sandra faltered, "...err yes, I suppose so. When you say 'discipline' me 
- I'm not exactly sure what you mean.."

Miss Jay explained. "Simple," she told Sandra, "from now on, you do exactly as I tell you. 
If you don't, I'll punish you." Sandra was shocked. "Punish me? How...in what way.?"

"There are lots of ways," Miss Jay advised her, "lots of ways, as you'll find out at some 
stage, I'm sure. I can discipline you verbally - admonish you. I can give you tasks - written 
impositions..lines, essays and so on. I can add time to your contract in the belt, as you 
know. I can change the specification of your belt, or add things to it that I guarantee you'll 
find very uncomfortable. Are you getting the picture?"

Sandra's head was spinning. "I...yeah, I guess so.."

"Lastly," Miss Jay told her, "I can punish you physically. Beat you."

Sandra's eyes widened. "You wouldn't do that..surely ?"

"I would indeed," Miss Jay assured her, "if I feel it necessary. If I'm not satisfied with your 
behavior or attitude, I will punish you in whatever way I feel appropriate. Have you ever 
had the strap across the backs of you thighs?"

Sandra could hardly believe what she was hearing. "A... a strap? My thighs...no, never."

Miss Jay reached into her bag and pulled out a two tailed leather strap.

"This is a Scottish Tawse. They were originally used in schools to discipline children, girls 
included. I can assure you it's equally effective on grown up girls. I may choose to give 
you it on your legs, your hands, or your bottom. I'm sure you can imagine how much it 
hurts."

Sandra could well imagine. "I can, yes. I'm sure it would be dreadful. I hope it won't be 
necessary."

Miss Jay shrugged. "It depends entirely on you. If you behave, and do as you're told, then 
it won't be necessary...will it?"

Sandra shook her head.




Part 4

Sandra told Sarah about her encounter with Miss Jay, on her next visit to Miss Montfort's.

"What!" Sarah exclaimed, "lock your tits up?! Beat you with a strap! She's crazy - I'd get 
the police onto her."

"Shh! Keep your voice down; I don't want the others to know. So, you don't think she can 
do that to me..?"

Sarah was outraged. "What, are you stupid or something?" she hissed, "they can only do 
what's in the contract. I never saw anything about corporal punishment. Don't know about 
the tits thing, I suppose. She might have you on a technicality there, I don't know. But I 
never heard of anyone get their tits locked up."

Sandra was pensive. "No, well..until recently I never heard of anyone getting their vagina 
locked up either..but it's happened."

"Yeah, but you volunteered for that. Me too, idiot that I am. People can only do what you 
let them do to you. So she shaved you off too - I wouldn't have had that. They did that to 
me one time. Without nature's cushion that front-plate's jammed right up against your bare 
whatsit. Made me horny as hell. That was about the first time I broke out of my belt.."

Sandra was hardly listening. She was thinking of what Sarah had said earlier. "They can 
only do what you let them do to you."

And what had she let them do to her so far? Quite a lot actually. And now there was to be 
more, if Miss Jay was to be left in charge.

"You listening to me, apeshit?" Sarah joked.

"What..? Sorry, I was miles away."

"Uh-oh, masochist alert," Sarah joked. "I've seen that faraway look before."

"Shut up," Sandra hit her playfully. "I can't help my feelings."

"You're just scared of her," Sarah jibed.

"No, it's not that. Not physically anyway. She's much smaller than me - in stature at 
least..."

"Who isn't?" Sarah joked. Sandra ignored the banter. "It's just...she does something to me, 
mentally. She's very pretty. And she's so strict it's unbelievable."

Sarah yawned. "So you're gonna let her walk all over you?"

Sandra looked away guiltily. "She's, err...having another contract made up, I believe. It's 
up to me whether I sign it I suppose."

That wasn't strictly true. Miss Jay had set Sandra a writing task - an essay on how she 
thought she could improve her commitment and attitude to the chastity contract, and 
achieve the objectives set down on her last inspection. Sandra had decided she would set 
it out as a contract, get Miss Jay to approve it; then Sandra would sign it - giving Miss Jay 
written agreement for her to be in complete control of Sandra.

Sandra made an excuse and left Mrs. Montfort's early that weekend. She wanted some 
time to herself, to think, and to do Miss Jay's written imposition. She also wanted some 
time to appreciate her breasts, as she was soon to be denied access to them. But as it 
happened she resisted the temptation to stimulate herself; wondering if Miss Jay would 
somehow know at the next inspection.

Sandra wouldn't have long to wait before having all such temptations removed. The next 
day she received a letter from Fantasy Promotions. It read thus:

Dear Miss Houlton,

Re: Provision of Breast-Blocker

Following a visit by our representative, Miss Veronica Jay, it has been found necessary to 
increase security measures with regard to your chastity contract.

As discussed, it is perceived that you are gaining indirect stimulation of your genital area 
by methods not covered by your existing security arrangements. We propose to block off 
these other erogenous areas to make them unavailable for your personal use.

With this in mind we have manufactured for you a breast-blocking device, and have made 
an appointment for you to have this fitted at our workshops. We have endeavored to make 
the device as lightweight and as comfortable as possible, given the brief required and the 
aim of the device. The latter's purpose is to enclose the breasts completely, in a very 
strong but lightweight carbon-fiber shroud.

The shroud is lockable, and as with your chastity belt, once fitted cannot be removed 
without the key, which naturally will not be available to yourself. As with the chastity belt, 
the device will be removed briefly, on a monthly basis, for checking and cleaning.

The same provisions for these removals apply as with the belt. Again, as with the chastity 
belt, the device may be considered long term, permanent within the scheme and duration 
of the existing contract.

In considering the prospect of being placed into this device, we would ask you to show the 
same patience, tolerance and forbearance you have shown in choosing and wearing your 
chastity belt. Garments of this nature are always something of a compromise between the 
highest standard of security vis-a-vis wearer comfort.

We regret that this action has been necessary, but we feel it will go a long way towards 
eradicating the temptations you have been experiencing of late. It is not permissible under 
the conditions of your contract to gain stimulation of the genital area. We trust that the de-
vice will not cause you any undue distress; but if there are any problems then please dis-
cuss it with Miss Jay on her next visit.

As with the chastity belt, we urge you not to make any violent attempt to remove your 
breast blocker. It is highly unlikely that the average person could remove this type of de-
vice, but you may cause damage not only to the garment, but to yourself by the use of 
force or equipment. General pushing/pulling will cause no harm, and is to be expected 
given the frustration it may admittedly cause from time to time.

The breast-blocking shroud requires no particular maintenance by a wearer. The shroud's 
finished outside surface is similar in appearance to rigid, smooth plastic; and would re-
quire simply a wipe with a damp cloth should any household material or liquid be depos-
ited on it. Inside, it is lined with neoprene rubber, however that is for your information only, 
as it is expressly forbidden for a wearer to try to access the inside of the garment.

With regard to everyday use, the shroud is immensely strong, and will easily withstand the 
force of a fall or contact/impact as in most sporting activities. No special regard is needed 
by a wearer in this respect. It will also withstand temperatures way above and below usual 
body temperature, and no special care is needed with regard to outside climatic condi-
tions. We would point out, however, that an activity such as sunbathing in hot sunshine 
would quickly become very uncomfortable for the wearer, due to a build-up of heat inside 
the shroud.

Finally, some advice on what to wear on the day of the fitting. General day clothing is fine; 
the device is as unobtrusive as we can make it, but as with the chastity belt it will be no-
ticeable over tight or revealing clothing. Our business is security, combined with integrity 
and confidentiality, and we would not wish you to be embarrassed or exposed on your 
return journey home in the breast blocker; particularly if using public transport. We sug-
gest, therefore, a loose fitting blouse or jumper; plus perhaps a jacket or coat if you are 
particularly concerned over this issue. As you become accustomed to wearing your breast 
blocker you will be able to use your own discretion over what level of coverage is accept-
able to you.

Yours faithfully,

Sandra put the long letter down in a mild state of shock. Her breasts were to be locked up 
in a box. "That's basically what it says," she muttered aloud. "And presumably that's for 
another five years too, like the belt; Jesus. Unless I can somehow convince them I haven't 
been using my tits...illegally. Which of course I haven't anyway."

Sandra wondered just how 'unobtrusive' the breast blocker would be. She really didn't 
want to get into a situation where she couldn't be seen in public. That would be unthink-
able. No, it couldn't be that much of a box...just like thin, rigid plastic. Well, she'd find out 
soon. The appointment was for the following Saturday.

She phoned Sarah to tell her she wouldn't be at Mrs. Montfort's at the weekend, and why.

"A box - locked round your boobs," Sarah exclaimed. "Jesus - what sort of a box...a 
wooden one?"

Sandra laughed. "No, silly, plastic. Well, carbon fiber actually - but it's like strong rigid 
plastic. Can't break it or harm it, so they reckon."

"Plastic eh?" Sarah mused. "That's gonna be real sweaty ain't it ? It got holes for ventila-
tion or something?"

Sandra hadn't thought about that. "I don't know. I don't think it mentioned that in the letter. 
It said not to sunbathe or I'd get too hot."

"Phew, tell me about it. Your boobs would fry in a thing like that. Jesus, these bastards 
sure know how to make a girl suffer. Can't wait to see it though. When you gettin' it?"

"Sadist," Sandra reproached her. "On Saturday."

Sarah suggested Sandra called round for a drink at her house in the evening.

"Okay," Sandra agreed. "You're on. I'll be needing a drink. Make sure there's no-one else 
there though - I'm not very confident about this thing yet."

-----------

On Saturday Sandra made her way to the premises. She was to report to the workshop, 
not the retail outlet. She found the place, and went into the reception.

"My name's Sandra Houlton," she told the receptionist. "I have an appointment with one of 
the engineers at 2pm."

The receptionist looked at her notes. "Oh yes, we wrote to you earlier in the week. It's for 
a fitting isn't it?"

Sandra was glad she was discreet enough not to mention the breast blocker by name.

"Yeah, that's right."

"Okay, you can go into the workshop through that door there. Ask for Mr. James." Sandra 
went into the workshop. She was relieved to see there were only two men there, and not a 
great hoard of leering workers.

"Mr. James?" she asked one of them.

"No, not me love - that's him over there."

Mr James was a small, balding middle-aged man, with a beard and glasses. He looked 
clean and respectable, and wore a white coat, like a doctor. He seemed to be busy filing 
some metal object. Probably part of a chastity belt, Sandra thought to herself. He sud-
denly jerked round and looked first at Sandra then at the clock.

"Two o'clock already," he exclaimed, "you must be...let me think..Miss..."

"Houlton. Sandra Houlton," Sandra prompted him.

"Of course. Well we're nicely ready for you my dear. If you'd like to go into the fitting room 
over there - it's more private that way."

Sandra flushed slightly, barely able to believe what was about to happen to her. "Thank 
you," she said and almost scurried over to the fitting room.

He joined her presently and shut the door behind him. He was carrying an article made of 
what looked like white, rigid plastic. It looked basically like a large white brassiere that had 
been starched to make it keep its shape while it was not being worn.

Her stomach fluttered wildly. There was little doubt that the object in his hand was her 
breast blocker.

"This is what we've come up with for you my dear," he enthused and began showing her 
the device.

"A little larger and fuller in the strap and the back than a conventional brassiere. Higher at 
the front too. And of course different in one main aspect, in that I'm afraid you won't be 
taking this one off yourself for quite some time."

Sandra nodded. "I know."

Sandra stared at the device as he began to explain its workings. "It's made of carbon fiber. 
If that means little to you then I suppose you could say it's like glass fiber, or strong plastic 
- only much much stronger. If I were to give you a hammer you'd be unable to break it. But 
may I advise you not to try that."

Sandra managed a weak smile. "For fitting," he continued, "it splits into two halves, a back 
and a front. We have your err, 'profile' on our computer, so it should fit quite nicely."

He began separating the two halves ominously. "There are what we call male and female 
fittings, to join it together again and keep it locked. They slide into each other like this..."

He demonstrated and there was an ominous clicking sound. Sandra knew the next time 
she heard that click, the device would be on her; locked on her.

"Oh, perhaps you would like to examine the device. I'll open it up again. One key fits all 
the tiny locks.

"Not much good telling me that, unfortunately," Sandra said flatly.

He made a sympathetic face. "Er no. Quite. I take your point."

He handed the two halves of the breast blocker to Sandra so she could examine it.

"The side is lined with neoprene rubber. It's sprayed on, to keep the thickness of the fin-
ished article down to a minimum."

Sandra nodded. She examined the breast blocker. Inside the cups, at the end, each cone 
had a small hole through the rubber lining. "Why is that?" she asked.

"Err, a delicate matter, but a necessary one," he burbled. There is a cavity at the end of 
the cup. The, err, nipples go through the rubber, then reside in the cavity, so there is 
nothing pressing on them at the front to rub or chafe in them."

"Or stimulate them?" she remarked tartly.

He waved his hand. "Please... I cannot comment."

"I know, I know - it's not down to you," she conceded. "What about ventilation? We're 
looking at a layer of plastic here - or whatever you call it - plus a layer of rubber."

Again he waved his hand. "Not part of my brief, I regret."

Sandra sighed. "Great, no ventilation. Oh okay, let's get on with it. I've got the drift of how 
it works."

He nodded. "Yes indeed. It will of course be necessary for you to remove..." he gestured 
to her top half.

"Sure, I understand."

Sandra took off her navy blue blouse, and then her bra. "Goodbye bra," she commented 
and threw it in the bin.

Sandra sat naked from the waist up. For an observer of any age it was a stirring sight. But 
Mr James made no comment and was seemingly very professional about it all.

"If you will allow me.." he muttered, and began lining up the front of the device with San-
dra's ample, heaving breasts. She shuddered involuntarily as the cold rubbery inside of 
the device came into contact with her breasts. But the device was starting to look a good 
fit, and Sandra's breasts were virtually pouring into the cups.

"Amazing," she commented.

He grunted as he held the weight of the cups, which were full and heavy now. "If you could 
press forward a little," he suggested. "We need to ensure the nipples.."

"Yeah, I see your point. They need to pop through the holes into the cavity."

"Precisely."

Sandra pushed her chest forward. Mr. James grunted again and held fast.

"ooof," Sandra giggled. "The left one's just popped through.."

"oooh, and there goes the right one. I'm in."

"Excellent," he breathed, staring at the end of the cup as though he expected to come 
right through the carbon fiber. But nothing was visible. The breasts were fully covered now 
by the smooth hard shell of the strong material. No cleavage showed; the casing came 
quite high up her chest.

"The rest should be easy," he remarked, reaching around for the back half of the device. 
"Just got to get these sliders lined up and....there we go now."

There were several clicks, and a general tightening of the device round her. It was done. 
Sandra's breasts were locked up.

He stood back, admiring his handiwork. Sandra sat slightly stunned; hardly able to form an 
opinion yet. She stared down at her chest, lost in this white, rigid molded material. There 
was no discomfort apparent. The breasts were supported well, probably somewhat firmer 
than in a conventional brassiere.

She swiveled around a little. Moving wasn't as comfortable as an ordinary bra - the mate-
rial was rigid, although cushioned well by the rubber inside. She ran a hand over the rigid 
mound at her chest. Very little sensation was conveyed through the moldings; almost 
nothing in fact. The device would achieve its aim admirably. She couldn't pinch, feel or 
touch her nipples - they were in limbo, in their cavity inside the end of the cups. It was 
devastatingly effective.

"Congratulations," she said softly, "this is a bloody work of art."

She shook her head in amazement. "I can't feel my nipples, even if I jiggle around. In fact 
all I can say is that they feel slightly cold, if anything. My breasts feel almost completely 
de-sensitized."

Mr. James made no comment on this at first. Then he scratched his beard distractedly. "I 
must confess to a slight gilding of the lily, on that point. Not strictly necessary I suppose, 
but when one is a perfectionist.."

Sandra looked at him suspiciously. "Oh yes? And what might that be?"

He began to look like a naughty schoolboy. "In the nipple cavities.." he admitted, "anaes-
thetizing gel. That's the slightly cold feeling you refer to."

Sandra stared at him. She shook her head and smiled ruefully. "You've packed de-
sensitizing gel round my nipples inside this thing? You enterprising old sadist. How long 
will the gel last?"

He shrugged. "Approximately twenty-eight days. A month, if you like."

She smiled again. "By which time it'll be time for a check up, and the cavities can be 
packed with it again?"

He nodded. "I understand that will be the procedure, yes. The initial brief was to prevent 
stimulation of the breasts, by any means. I think we may say we have achieved that ob-
jective now."

Sandra got up to go. "We certainly have. Goodbye Mr. James."

He opened the door of the fitting room for her. "Goodbye, it's been a pleasure meeting you 
Miss Houlton."




Part 5 ~Second Thoughts~

Is this a real life,
or just fantasy?
Caught in a landslide,
to escape from reality.

Sandra felt the game had gone too far. The contract had been fun, but she really could not 
spend the next four and a half years being denied access to her own breasts and genitals. 
It was absurd.

"I need the keys," she told the female assistant in the Fantasy shop, in a rather hushed 
voice.

"Keys to what?" the girl asked.

Sandra looked around, anxious that no one could overhear.

"To a chastity belt I bought here, and another thing I'm wearing."

"I see," the girl replied, "what name is it please?"

"Invincible, I think - I don't know the model number offhand."

The girl smiled. "No sorry, I mean your name."

"Oh, it's Houlton - Sandra Houlton."

"Thank you - I'll get the file out," the girl told her.

"I think we might need something stronger than a file, I've tried that," Sandra told her. The 
girl looked blank. "Just a moment please...oh, here we are: Houlton, Sandra, Miss. That 
it?"

"Yes, that's me. Can you give me the keys now?"

The girl shook her head. "I'm afraid that's not possible."

Sandra frowned. "How do you mean - don't you keep keys here?"

"Only for keyholders, you're not the named keyholder on this file."

"Well that's ridiculous," Sandra tried to keep her voice down, "It's my chastity belt - I paid 
for it, or am paying for it under a lease contract - so the keys should also belong to me."

The girl was unmoved. "I'm sorry. You know you are under contract, surely - you remem-
ber signing?...look," she showed her the file, "this is your signature."

Sandra smiled. "Oh that. Well, yes, but that's just a bit of fun, to enhance things a bit. It's 
not meant to be taken seriously. I need these keys today. Please get them for me."

"I can't do that Miss, sorry. The contract has another four years and five months to run yet. 
The belt cannot be removed other than for maintenance arrangements which.."

Sandra laughed aloud. "Are you mad? No-one could possibly spend that amount of time in 
a chastity belt."

The girl shrugged. "We can't cancel contracts just because someone changes their mind. 
What would be the point in having a chastity belt anyway, if you could just let yourself in 
and out of it as you want?"

Sandra was irritated. "Look, I don't want a lecture from the likes of you. Yes, I know that 
was the idea of the contract, but its just fantasy stuff, not legal."

At that a middle-aged man in a suit came out of an adjoining office.

"Having problems Deborah?" he asked the girl.

Deborah nodded. "This lady's not quite sure about her contract, Mr. Blake. I told her about 
the contract but...

He waved his hand. "Okay Deborah, thank you. Perhaps the lady would like to come 
through to the office. Would you like to come this way?"

Sandra would have liked to come any way she could, but that was the problem.

"Please, sit down," Mr. Blake told Sandra. "How can we help you?"

Sandra blushed slightly. "It's a bit embarrassing - I'm in a chastity belt, and I want to get 
out of it."

"I see," he replied, "any particular reason?"

Sandra was surprised at his question. "What? Are you serious?"

"Perfectly. You would need a very good reason indeed. Medical grounds would be one. 
Pregnancy would be another. Frankly there aren't many others. None, in fact."

Sandra felt she was talking to a madman. "You can't keep me in this chastity belt against 
my will."

"Oh I'm afraid we can, Miss Houlton. We have your signature on the contract."

Sandra made a face. "Not that again. That was just a game...a fun thing. It was exciting for 
a while, but not legal...surely?"

She was beginning to doubt her own argument now.

"Perfectly legal, yes, I assure you. Of course you may wish to have your solicitor confirm 
that."

Sandra thought for a moment. "Oh...I get it - you think I would be too embarrassed to go to 
a solicitor, and call your bluff."

"And would you? Be too embarrassed, I mean?"

Sandra wasn't sure. "I might be. Then again four and half years is a long time to be in a 
chastity belt. I might just skip the solicitor and go to the police."

He smiled. "Your prerogative of course. Even more embarrassing, I should have thought."

It would be. "You're really saying this contract is legal?"

"And binding, if you'll forgive the pun. How's the breast-blocker performing, by the way?"

Sandra flushed crimson. "I want that off me too. There's nothing in your 'contract' about 
that."

He shrugged. "Depends on how you interpret the contract. The aim is to prevent sexual 
stimulation, of any kind. Your mentor thinks you are promiscuous, devious, and unwilling 
to embrace the true meaning of chastity."

--------------------

On her way out of the shop, a young man in a suit stopped her. "Sorry to interrupt," he 
said, "have you er..got a minute?"

Sandra looked wary. "Well, it depends how you mean. What's it about?"

He looked round before answering her. "Could we talk outside?"

Sandra looked at her watch. "Okay, I could do with a cigarette actually."

He led the way out of the shop. Sandra offered him a cigarette but he declined.

"I couldn't help overhearing in there," he began, "you see, I work for the company, so I 
know what goes on. The thing is, I might be able to help you.."

"You have access to keys?" Sandra interrupted.

He looked apologetic. "Well, I don't think we could go that far, to be honest..no, I just 
thought that it obviously must be difficult for a girl in your circumstances to have a boy-
friend. Please don't take that the wrong way. Look, let me ask you straight out - I won-
dered if you might have a drink with me one evening."

Before she could give any answer, he began again. "See, working for the company I know 
your little er, 'secret', consequently I understand the situation. It would be just on a friendly 
basis, I wouldn't want..."

"Sex?" Sandra smiled cynically.

"Well, I was going to say I wouldn't want to put any pressure on you ...about anything 
really. I mean, we're both adults, we understand the situation. Why should we let any 
technology stand in the way of..."

Sandra held up her hand. "Er, time out. Can I get a word in here please?"

"Sorry. I just meant.."

"Look, I'll have a drink with you. You don't need to do an impression of Hugh Grant in Four 
Weddings and a Funeral. Frankly we don't need either occasion just yet, as you pointed 
out. Although you do look a bit like the said actor."

He, Paul, was good-looking. She, Sandra, was interested.

The restaurant was quiet, it was early. So was Paul, and Sandra was glad he was already 
in situ, drink in hand, sitting on a high stool at the cocktail bar.

"Hi," he greeted her. "Thanks for coming."

"That's okay, I could do with a night out with anyone."

"Thanks. What can I get you?"

Sandra looked around distractedly. "Gin and tonic please."

The barman was attentive, heard the request and sprang into action.

Sandra glanced around again. "We can't sit here, on stools," she whispered to Paul.

He looked at her quizzically. "No law against it?"

The barman glanced over, and Sandra smiled mechanically. She whispered to Paul again. 
"I'm telling you I can't sit on a high stool - I can't wear trousers and I don't think this skirt is 
long enough."

He glanced down. "Looks quite a long skirt. Is there a slit in it?"

She dug him in the ribs, still smiling at the barman. "There'll be a slit in you shortly," she 
hissed, "if you don't take me to sit down somewhere else."

"Sure," he agreed, "Calm down. Could you bring our drinks over please?" he asked the 
barman.

"Sure, be right over."

Paul led Sandra over to a quiet table in the corner.

"That better?" he asked.

"Yeah, much better. Sorry, I get paranoid sometimes."

"About what?"

"About anyone knowing, you know. It's embarrassing, even talking to you about it."

"Your chastity belt, you mean?"

She nodded. The waiter set the drinks down and Paul gave him a tip. They were alone 
again.

Sandra sipped her drink.

"Are you okay?" he asked her, "you look a bit flushed."

"Yeah, I'm fine. As I said, it's just embarrassing, knowing that you know what I'm being 
forced to wear under my skirt. Having my intimate areas under lock and key. You must 
think I'm nuts or something."

"No, not at all. I think the whole idea's rather charming really."

"Really? You mean that? In what way?

Paul sipped his drink. "I dunno...it's like a return to really old-fashioned virtues, modesty, 
innocence, feminine charms being held back..that sort of thing. Intriguing really. Quite be-
guiling."

"It's a control thing, maybe that's what you like," Sandra replied.

"Possibly," he shrugged. "Maybe that's what you like too."

Sandra was still nervous. "You can't see anything?" she asked.

He looked round. "Not particularly. Should I?"

"On me, I mean."

He looked her over. "I haven't got x-ray eyes. You look fine on the outside."

"Good. Only, there's been a development."

"A development? Like what?"

Sandra drained her glass. "You don't know?"

He looked blank. "No, should I?"

"You work for the company - you know what they're doing to me?"

"Basically, yes. But I'm an accountant, not some creative sadist. I'm not privy to the latest 
creations. You mean about the breast-blocker? I heard about that."

She shook her head. "Look at me, what do you see?"

"I told you - you're an attractive young woman, out on a date, that's all."

"You can't see what's underneath?"

"Look, what is this? You know I know stuff about you. I can understand you're embar-
rassed, humiliated. I thought you liked that?"

She took his hand and placed it on her knee. "See my legs.." she told him. He looked 
down, the long skirt covered her legs but he could see the outline. "See my knees are 
about what, six, seven inches apart?"

"So?"

"Well they're locked like that. They locked my legs together, with metal straps and rods. I 
can't open my legs any further than this, nor can I close them."

Paul drained his glass. "I'll go get some more drinks. Doubles."

"Just bring the bottle." Sandra sat back. She was still stunned from the day's events. She'd 
had the letter for a week before they did it to her. Today, of all days it had to be; when she 
had a date, but was struggling to summon up the courage to go out in public.

Her mind went back to the letter from the company:

Dear Miss Houlton,

With regard to your chastity contract and in particular the security measures required to 
enforce it, we write to inform you of a new proposal to increase these measures.

Extensive research, over a number of years, has shown that some females find that by 
spreading their legs as far as possible, it may in some cases be possible to ease the pres-
sure on the front plate of even the most redoubtable chastity belt. Obviously this could 
lead to a temptation to explore or experiment further, and without recourse to intimate de-
tail, our company finds this possibility totally unacceptable.

Following a consultation with your mentor, Miss Jay, we propose to instigate measures to 
restrict the extent to which your thighs can be separated or 'spread', if you will allow the 
expression. These measures, described below, will we feel go a long way to obviate this 
temptation. In your case we have decided on a very strict limitation, allowing only sufficient 
stride as is necessary for day-to-day pedestrian activities.

Paul returned with the drinks. He sat down beside her and stared down at her skirt, still 
slightly baffled.

"You can't open your legs further than that?"

"Shhh," Sandra reproached him, "I don't want people to know that, do I?"

He frowned. "Er, no, I suppose not."

They started on their drinks again.

"And you can't close them either?"

Sandra lit a cigarette. "I thought you'd like that one. No, I can't. Well, not completely. Not 
when I'm sitting down. Well, not any other way either really. It's complicated, you'd have to 
see this arrangement to see how it works. I might show you later."

Paul shook his head. "Jesus, if anyone got close enough to hear this conversation..."

Sandra looked away. "If anyone could see under my skirt..."

Paul thought for a moment. "I'm amazed you can walk. Your legs are fastened together?"

"Not exactly. I've got steel bands round my thighs, they are linked to a rod, that keeps my 
thighs a set distance apart, and stops them opening too wide. The rest of my legs can 
stride - although it's a mincing walk."

"Aha, that explains it."

"What?"

"Well, I did notice the walk. I thought it was your high heels."

Sandra nodded. "Five inch heels. Yes, that does give me an excuse to walk like I'm on 
eggshells."

"You wouldn't normally wear them?"

"I wouldn't normally wear any of this, would I? Unless I was forced to."

"You signed up for it all?"

Sandra sighed. "Back to square one. To be honest I didn't realize your company was so 
efficient."

Sandra showed Paul the letter describing her thigh bands.

We propose to fit bands round the mid-thigh, these will be of a similar material to the 
chastity belt itself, i.e. stainless steel, neoprene lined. The bands will have a permanent 
fixing. These will be conjoined to the chastity belt, something like a suspender belt ar-
rangement, to hold the bands at the required height and keep them in place.

The two bands will then have a linkage arrangement, to hold the thighs a pre-determined 
distance apart, and prevent spread. The link shall be a short stainless steel rod, again with 
a permanent fixing to the bands, but with a swivel link where it fastens to each band. This 
will give the required latitude to aid walking, but will make it impossible for the thighs to 
spread apart.

The exact length of the linkage rod is to be be determined on site, in our workshop.

"Are you ready to order sir?" the waiter asked.

Paul pushed the letter into his pocket, flustered. "Order what?"

Sandra laughed. "We're in a restaurant, remember."

"Oh, yeah, sure. What do you recommend?"

"The chicken chassuer is very good tonight sir," the waiter advised.

"What - chicken in a chastity belt?" he joked.

Sandra went red, but she laughed.

"Two of that then."

They sat down to dine.

"Put your hand up my skirt," Sandra whispered to Paul.

"What?!"

"Go on, it's okay. Look, the truth is, I always get a terrible shock whenever they do some-
thing new to me. Then I get over it...get into it. I want to share it with someone now, 
someone I feel safe with. Please, reach under the table and grope me. No-one will know."

Paul glanced around. The other diners seemed unaware of anything.

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, quite sure."

He reached under the table, gathered Sandra's long skirt up slightly, and pushed his hand 
up past her knees.

"Jesus," he whispered as he encountered the thigh bands and the connecting link that 
held her thighs together.

Sandra stared at him triumphantly. "Told you. Sorry I can't open my legs any further for 
you, you can see why."

He withdrew his hand and looked round sheepishly. "No wonder you were a bit wound up 
before. If the people in here knew this.."

Sandra shrugged. "I've got the hang of it now, I think. The high heels were a good idea - 
the company's idea, of course."

Paul was still thinking about what was under Sandra's dress.

"That linkage rod is quite short, isn't it?"

"Oh yes. Three inches maybe? They messed about with it all afternoon, trying this, trying 
that...seeing if I could still walk, but making damn sure I can't open my legs that much. I'm 
their guinea pig I think. Mr. James reminds me of that inventor in 'The Dambusters' film, 
you know - sort of embarrassed about plotting to cause mayhem, but giving it all he's got 
just the same."

"It's a challenge, I suppose," Paul agreed.

"Oh sure, for him and me. It's funny really, we probably both have the same ethic - ie that 
if it's going to be done, then let's do the best possible job."

"Easy for him though."

"I suppose so. He's a nice man, I don't hold anything against him."

They ate their meal in silence for a few moments.

"In all the years you've worked for the company," Sandra asked Paul, "have you ever seen 
a girl in a chastity belt?"

"Nope, not a live one. I've always been fascinated by them though, on girls."

Sandra thought for a moment. "I've got an idea. Pretend you've dropped your knife, then 
dive under the tablecloth, put your hand right up under my dress and feel my belt. Do you 
want to?"

He did. "Yeah, I'd love to."

Paul practically threw his knife under the table, then went to retrieve it. He could see San-
dra's lovely legs and the high heels. He held up her dress with one hand and groped 
around between her legs with the other. The light wasn't good but he could see the thigh 
bands, then the front plate of the chastity belt. It was awesome.

He had to reach over the connecting rod to touch the front of her chastity belt. He tenta-
tively touched the front plate, marveling at it. Where there should be the gusset of her 
knickers, there was hard, shiny steel. How bizarre. Up top, Sandra shivered slightly as she 
felt his hand down there. The vulva shield transmitted little of the sensation it, as was its 
purpose, but it excited her nevertheless, just to know Paul was looking right in between 
her legs.

It was over in seconds.

"Is everything alright sir?" the attentive waiter asked.

"Er, yeah - I dropped my knife."

In his fascination, Paul had not even retrieved the knife.

"Allow me sir,"

Paul froze as the waiter dived under the table. Sandra instinctively tried to press her legs 
together, but she couldn't. Paul couldn't remember whether he'd flopped Sandra's dress 
back down again.

"That's it sir," the waiter handed Paul the knife.

"Enjoy your meal sir, and you Miss."

The waiter moved on and Paul let out a sigh of relief.

"Jesus, that was a close one."

Sandra laughed. "Who cares? Anyway, what did you think?"

Paul couldn't finish his meal. "Don't ask. You've got a fabulous pair of legs. I could have 
rented an apartment under that table and lived there for ever."

"Thanks, that's nice. Do the other things enhance them?"

"Like you wouldn't believe. I'm stunned. The chastity belt looks awesome. Isn't it uncom-
fortable?"

"Sometimes. I do get sick of it at times. Mostly though it's fine. In fact it's like that old joke - 
we could get rid of that hump. And Quasimodo says, what hump? I'm so used to it you 
see."

"Some hump. I need a brandy. Can I get you something?"

"I'll have the same, thanks. First I need the ladies' room."

Paul watched in fascination as Sandra minced off to the ladies' room. The things women 
could cope with, it put men to shame sometimes, he thought. High heels, corsets, bond-
age. There were other eyes watching her as she made her way past tables. Little did they 
know what made her walk in that sexy way.

Then he had the pleasure of watching her walk back. To him.

"Do I get to take you home then?" he asked.

"Sure, I couldn't possibly walk there."

"Not like that you couldn't."

She drank her brandy. "Tonight's been great, thanks. I wasn't confident about the new 
things they put on me."

"You're okay now though?"

"I think so. I'm glad I've got the weekend to acclimatize though. I never want anyone at 
work to find out about this."

"Think they will?"

"Not really. I've got away with it so far. I'm glad Mr. James used this linkage thing, instead 
of a chain to fasten my legs together. It would have rattled or chinked when I walked."

Paul paid the bill and they took a taxi. He was about to go home alone when Sandra in-
vited him in.

"You don't have to.." he told her.

She smiled. "That makes a change - someone telling me I don't have to do something."

"I'm not dominant, you should know that," he told her as she opened the door to her flat.

"That's okay, I get enough of that from other people. As long as you understand 
about...well, about my needs."

"Sure, it's fascinating."

Sandra made some coffee.

"You want to see me, in all my glory?" she was emboldened by wine and brandy.

"How'd you mean?"

"Well, with my clothes off, and all the devices they put on me."

"On a first date?" he queried. "It's not usually my style."

"I can tell that" she told him, "you're very nice. But I want to show you, please."

"If you must," he joked.

Sandra stood up. Before I do this, you know that these things are very effective, and that I 
can never have sex with you, even if I wanted to? Well, not for about four years."

"Yes, I understand that. I knew that from the start. I wouldn't have asked you out if I 
thought it would be a problem. Just be yourself, don't worry about me, I'm fine, I'm having 
a great time."

He was too. Sandra took her clothes off. Paul let out a low whistle.

"Jesus, what a body. Maybe the company's right, that should definitely be under control."

"Oh it's controlled alright," Sandra told him. She demonstrated. "This is to stop me, or 
anyone, touching my breasts. This.." she put her hand over the front of the chastity belt, 
"..is to stop me touching myself 'down there', or to stop anyone from having sex with me. 
And this, the latest addition..." she demonstrated the locking thigh-bands, "...stops me 
even from opening my legs."

"See?" she showed Paul, "I can't get my thighs apart any more than this. Legs make an 
apex, and the tops don't need to move as much to walk. That's the theory anyway."

It was the first time Paul had seen these amazing devices so clearly. It was almost 
shocking to think they had been out in public and behaved so normally.

"I love to go out with all this under my clothes," Sandra admitted.

She sat down, still naked, on the coffee table, facing Paul. Her knees were kept exactly six 
inches apart at all times. He stared, mesmerized, down the entrancing valley of her bare 
thighs, past the linkage rod and at the front plate of the chastity belt.

She reached out and lifted his head, to look into his eyes.

"Without the keys, there's nothing we can do, you know that?" she whispered, "I'm terribly 
sorry, it must be awful for you."

He nodded dumbly. "We could kiss?" he suggested.

Sandra leaned forward and pulled him toward her. They kissed, gently at first, then more 
passionately. Finally he pulled away, breathless.

"I don't want to excite you too much," he explained.

"You already did. Think we can handle this?"

She sat next to him on the sofa. "Now there's two of us in this madness," she told him. "I'll 
understand if you want to back out. I can't."

"No, it's fine. It's intriguing, and so are you. I thought you were sick of it though - after what 
I overheard in the shop earlier today."

Sandra smiled. "It seems to have moved into a higher gear, another league. I can't explain 
it. I was maybe looking too far ahead. I do need that commitment though. I'm practically 
shaking with pent-up desire right now, but maybe that desire, that thrill, wouldn't even be 
there if I wasn't being controlled like this. Can you understand that?"

"Just about. Maybe we ought to go to bed..separately I mean."

"No wait - there's something else you ought to know. As it is now, you're stuck with a 
woman who can't even open her legs, or let you feel her breasts; but even later, after the 
four years is up, I don't know if I'll be able to do sex."

"Course you will - nothing to stop you then."

"No, I'm serious. You don't know how they're working on me, mentally and physically. My 
sexuality's being tampered with, trained out of me, if you like. I'll be so inhibited I won't be 
able to do it, I just know. Another four years of this and they'll have achieved the aim of the 
contract."

Paul took some things from his pocket.

"What are you doing?"

"Making something to smoke. You need to chill out."

Sandra shook her head. "I don't do that stuff. You go ahead, I'll put some music on."

"That Carlos Santana?" he asked.

"Yeah, it's called Smooth."

Somewhere in the lyrics, there was a line, ..I could change my life, to better suit your 
mood...

Then, ....give me your heart, make it real, or else forget about it.

Sandra fell asleep on the sofa.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kevin Wood(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





