BDSM Library - The Evil Bet




The Evil Bet
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young wife agrees to a bizarre bet with her husband: If she stays absolutely chaste f? six weeks, she will receive a nice new car.
The Evil Bet

By: Joachim 


Preface

This story is mainly based on a series of fragments called "Chastity Bet" by
Correen  . The story was quite good, but one basic idea of the
plot didn't satisfy  me (if you know me and the original story, you know what I
mean). So I started to modify  and edit the story by some extent. Since the
original author isn't available anymore, I  couldn't ask him for acceptance. I
hope he doesn't mind if I post this.
_________________



The Evil Bet

I don't know what he's up to, but Steve, my lover, wants me to tell about our
bet. Why? I  don't know.

The bet started when we got into a discussion about sex. He claimed that I'm
constantly horny.  I disagreed. One word lead to another and the next thing I
know is that I had agreed to this stupid wager. Well, not all that stupid. If I
win, I get a new Mazda sports car. A $25,000 value and the key incentive for
going along with this.

The bet basically is ... if I stay pure and chaste (no cumming) for the next six
weeks, with- out crumbling, I get the car. Why exactly six weeks? On Wednesday
it would be six weeks  until my birthday. A fine occasion to give me the car -
if I win. But I'm sure I will win. I can  handle one and a half of a month. I'm
not a male, being always horny.

He claims he's got some kind of a chastity device(s) I will wear around the
apartment to  prevent any sort of cheating. To avoid any kind of irritation at
night the chastity belt will be  removed but he will tie me spread eagle to the
bed to insure that I don't let my hands start  roaming down towards the South
Pole. No chastity belt will be worn while I'm at work but I  will have to wear
rubber pants. On Sundays, I won't wear the device but will be tied up in  some
way to prevent any accidents. He gets all the sex he wants. He can fuck me any 
time he wants.

That's about it. If I last through to my birthday, I get the car.

Now I'm supposed to wait for him in the bedroom. He wants to see what I wrote
and he  will post this message to the internet. This is the part I don't get...

__________

Hello. This is Colleen's lover and part time master. She's waiting for me me in
the bed- room. I told her we would have one last fuck before I lock her up. She
thinks she's got a  couple of days to drain herself dry because the bet starts
on Wednesday but it really starts  tonight. By the time this is posted her
itching pussy will be all locked up. Her poor slit is  about five days empty now
and won't be getting any relief today or for the next several  weeks. I'm going
to make her post updates throughout his ordeal and would like anyone  who is
into tease torture to write her filthy dirty little messages to get her all hot
and both- ered. She's cocky, says she won't crumble. I say she won't last a
week. Some of this may  not make complete sense but more details will be
forthcoming. BYE.

__________

Okay. Steve has insisted I keep a running log of our bet and post it
occasionally to this  group. (His kink not mine.)

Anyways...here I was in the bedroom yesterday, stripped down to my white pants,
kneel- ing in front of Steve (my lover) with my hands up behind my head. A fine
sight, exposed as  I was to his pinching, spanking, groping and stroking. As I
had been on a sports meeting, I  hadn't quite done much of anything of a sexual
nature for the past five days and was  primed and ready for a big finale. He got
my pants off finally and started to fuck me.

He really fucked me: roughly and hard, without caring for my satisfaction. Very
unlike the  way we normally have sex. This was puzzling me. After he was done,
we cuddled a little  and while Steve was playing with my still erected tits I
asked him jokingly, if he had been  so starving for sex after only five days,
and who was the horny one of us. Instead of an  answer, he asked me if I wanted
to see the chastity belt I would wear during the course of  the bet. I naively
said sure.

He got it out and I tried it on. It has straps and panels and zippers and locks
and he got  me packaged up all nice and comfy. I told him it fit fine. I was
sure it was okay.

He asked if we had a bet then. I said "yeah sure" and we shook on it. That's
when he  started grinning. I was trying to open the belt so I could get a little
relief and asked for the  keys, reminding him I hadn't cum yet. The second I
said it I knew I had been had.

Steve laughed and said the bet had begun. The clock was ticking. I had let him
lock me up  and agreed to start the bet then and there. I assumed that the bet
started this coming  Wednesday, when it would be exactly six weeks until my
birthday. He had made such a  big deal about the six weeks coinciding with this.
Now I'm kneeling in front of a laughing  Steve, in a chastity belt, horny as
hell.

He gave me one more chance to back out but reminded me there would be NO car.
Even  though I was a drippin' big time in that belt, I affirmed that we had a
bet and I would have a  new car for Easter.

He pushed me down on the bed and started nibbling my neck which makes me go
crazy.  Eyes rolling to the top of my head. He firmly cupped the front panel of
my belt and whis- pered into my ear...

"I don't care about the fucking car. All I wanted was to get you were I wanted
you. You  want the car ... then I get to tease that cunt of yours for six whole
weeks. You cum, you  lose - slut."

He told me about some of the things he plans to do to me. If he does even half
the things  he says he will I'm in big trouble. What worries me is I may just
love it.

_________

P.S. from Steve

Ain't I a little stinker...but how often do you get to live out a fantasy. As I
type this and  having just read what she wrote, I've got her tied in a chair
beside me. Naked to the world,  her legs bound in such a way as to expose her
dripping, itching pussy to my agonizingly  slow stroking. I play with her
nipples and promise her an ass cropping before she goes  back into the chastity
belt for the night. She's got a gag in her mouth cause I didn't want to  hear
her complain. I know she doesn't want me to stop but I've been doing this for
about  thirty minutes and I better cease before she has an accident. That's the
last thing I want.  More later. BYE.

_________

Now it's the second week my pussy is held hostage. So far, so good. My pussy is
itching.  I'm a little uncomfortable but this perpetual level of horniness is
quite ... different?

Steve has already written about what he did to me last night. Being tied to the
chair with  my hands bound behind me, my legs open wide so he could play with my
helpless pussy  was wild. He kept licking my cunt very, very slowly. Telling me
he was in control. Telling  me how badly I must need to cum and then stopping,
demanding I beg for him to continue.

My mind went blank. Of course I wanted that tongue on my pussy, but knowing that
torture  would lead to more frustration or the loss of the bet prevented
anything but a sputter from  me. I kept saying over and over again..."I don't
know, I don't know..."

He abruptly pulled a ball gag out of his robe pocket and put it in my mouth.
"Here I'll de- cide for you," said Steve, "We'll continue for a while (his
fondling began again). Don't  worry I definitely will not let you cum (one hand
pinching my nipples). And when you are  done here I'll be taking you in to the
bedroom for a little cropping session on that asshole  of yours (a favorite turn
on of mine)."

After the tease torture, after the ass cropping, he had me lay with my throbbing
pussy and  freshly smacked buns beside him and demanded I give him a nice slow
jack off session.  While I wacked him off he told me to think about the cock I
was holding. How good it  would feel in my love hole and how it would be to make
it beat it off until his cum boiled up  and just shot all over my body. My hand
was going fast and furious on his meat by then  and he erupted all over my face
and chest.

I spent the night in the chastity belt again. Steve says it is temporary until
he can figure out  a safer means of tying me to the bed.

This morning was a hot little ordeal for me as he decided to tie my hands behind
my back  and give me a shower himself. My ass and pussy were throughly cleaned.
He put the rub- ber pants on me afterwards before he untied me and watched me
dress for work.

That's when he informed me that his brother would be picking me up for work. His
brother,  David, owns a software developing company and is my boss. Steve told
me that David  knows about the bet and has been assigned to keep an eye on me at
the office. I have to  be within David's line of vision at all times or I would
forfeit the bet. To cap it off, Steve  then informs me that my friend Sally, who
also works there with me, is being paid five  bucks a day to keep tabs on me
while I'm at work.

I told Steve this was getting a little humiliating. He said not to worry. His
brother is straight  but just thinks the bet is funny and a little stupid. He
doesn't really get it, but will definitely  keep track of my whereabouts. Sally
is lesbian, shares our sense of kink and promises to  make sure I stay on the
straight and narrow. She was going to make it her personal goal.

And that's where I'm at right now.

Been home from work for a couple of hours. Was put in the chastity belt and
waited for  some fun to begin. Nothing.

I'm in the living room with Steve, me naked to the world (except for the belt)
and he  watches "Mad About You." I slouch and spread my legs, exposing my
leather covered  crotch and he watches "Newsradio." "Frazer" came on. And I was
ignored. But that was  okay, the guy on it was real cute. Unfortunately he was
also the cause of a restricted har- don or two.

It's ten o'clock now. Steve abruptly got up and went to bed. He told me I would
be okay in  the belt but to wake him up if I had to pee. I had that "but play
with me" look on my face  and he just laughed, kissed me on the lips, said good
night and don't stay up too late.

I couldn't easily go to sleep, so I thought I would do this.

Man I am one horny girl.

_________

I'm typing this on a beautiful sunny Saturday afternoon. What ridicules set of
circum- stances would bring me to this point in my life where I would willing
let someone make me  wear a leather chastity belt and keep me from cumming for
over three weeks now. That  goddamn bet. Every day I read the email coming at
least twice. It's my only cheap thrill  when Steve chooses to ignore me.

I keep prolonging the posting of this entry to avoid the inevitable. After I
complete this I am  to be taking into our basement and bound - arms out and up,
legs spread wide. This chas- tity belt will be removed and I will receive my
very first whipping to my poor aching cunt.

The whole thing makes me very nervous even though my over excited cunt is nearly
rap- ping against the leather. I'm at a very high energy level of excitement.
Steve has me  trapped in one of my fantasies. He knows, now more than ever, that
I love this torment  and he's going to take it to another level. And I'm
willingly going to let him!

I'm allowing Steve to make my whole focus in life on my pussy. I feel like I'm
turning into a  slut. As much as I don't want to cum, I also cannot stand to
have it left alone. I want him to  constantly touch it, play with it. Steve goes
out of his way not to. The nightmare of being  forcibly withheld from an orgasm
has put me unto a sexual pain I find impossible to de- scribe. I'll let him do
almost anything as long as he doesn't ignore me. It's not about the  car
anymore. I'm on a rush I don't want to come off of.

He gets off watching me just sitting there in the chastity belt, trying to watch
TV, all the  while knowing I want him to do something with me. Anything. It's
hell.

And last night was the worst/best.

I spent last night on the spare bed. Steve has installed a new bondage set-up
for the bed  which gives me some moving room but no access to my cunt. I still
have to sleep on my  back which is no problem- it's my normal position. He can
cuff my wrist to keep my arms  up above my waist. My hands can't go any lower
than my tits. Steve knows I like to pinch  my nipples for stimulation and revels
in the fact I can torment myself if I want. My legs are  kept spread in a loose
fashion, allowing for enough movement to keep me comfortable.

I first saw the new bondage arrangement when we got home from the bar. Steve had
a bit  more to drink than I and was feeling no pain. I didn't have as much to
drink as Steve. He  warned me that he didn't want my bladder so full that he
would have to release me during  the night to pee.

He made me go to the john when we got home. When I came out of the bathroom he
just  kissed me, took my hand and walked me upstairs to the spare bedroom. He
turned off the  light and told me not to speak. I was slowly stripped and placed
on the bed. I felt his hands  on my ankles, spreading my legs.

He touched my thigh and said only, "I want to see it wet." I was well on my way
without his  encouragement.

The cuffs went on almost without notice. He was lightly touching my body while
he was  binding me. Never did he touch my aching clit! Never!

I was instructed to try my chains, try to get loose. Steve slowly ran one finger
along my  love lips. I tried to touch it but couldn't and told him so, shivering
in desperate ecstasy.

He barely grabbed my pussy and let go. "You are hoping for some play-time
tonight, don't  you?" I nodded yes. "No. I can't. There won't be any. You're too
wound up. You might pop  at any moment and I won't let you ruin...(his hands on
my nipple)...my fun."

He paused.

"Tomorrow you get that cunt of yours punished, don't you?"

I nodded yes once more.

"Well you deserve it. Image my disgust and dismay!" he said in a mock tone.
"Coming  downstairs to find my wife watching a video of some naked female types
tormenting some  poor blond straight boy. Whipping his cock yet! I come
downstairs and you close up your  legs to hide that wet pussy. I had to force
your legs open to see what was going on. You  were fighting me, weren't you?" He
pinched hard on my nips. "What was that about? I  thought at first you were
excited to watch the naked guys. You said no. Well then, I can  only assume it
was the whipping. You were turned on by the whipping. The spanking. You  want
that cunt punished! Don't you?" He's started gentling nibbling my neck.

I gasped. "Yes! Yes! Oh god, please let me..."

Steve's head went up. "What? Cum?"

I deparately said no about 350 times. When I calmed down he spoke again.

"You've gotten me so hot...(he rubs his cock on my side)...so hot. I want to
play with my  dick and cum all over you. But I won't. Know why? I want to be as
horny as hell when I  take your naked body down to the basement. I'm going to
have me some fun. And you ...  you're going to get some extra special treatment
for making me go to sleep with aching  balls."

He just stared at me. I noticed he was getting misty eyed. Steve can get very
emotional  with a couple of gin and tonics in him. He kissed me. Put his arms
around me and whis- pered in my ear. "Thank you for doing this, for letting me
do this."

A pause and then..."I love you," he said.

I almost blew my wad to the ceiling.

By the time I was in a condition to speak, Steve had fallen asleep and I was
left tied,  spread eagle on a bed with a sopping-wet pussy. Steve's left hand on
my body just out of  reach of my twitching cunt. His head laying on my chest. I
know it's stupid but I never felt  so sexy. After a long while I fell asleep.

That's it. I go now to meet my destiny, my fate. One hungry pussy coming up ...
and going  nowhere for three more weeks.

_________

Interlude

Steve here, in need of some advice.

So far everything has been a demented fantasty come true for me. I've always
wanted to  control a girl like this. Man, this is hot!

I think she's very much into it, too. She keeps staring intently at me, almost
posing for me  in the chastity belt. I know her horniness has put her between a
slut and a nun. The last  thing she should be dwelling on is sex and yet that is
probably all she can think about. She  knows she doesn't want to play with her
clit, but still, she needs me to do just that to take  her mind off of her
situation. She wants me to take her and tie her down, strip off her belt  and do
what I want with her. She's desparate for an erected cock and a hand to gently 
push her further into the erotic hell she can't leave for six weeks.

My problem is I can't leave my hand off her. I get hard just thinking about
doing this to her.  I'm afraid I might screw this up by causing an "accident",
if you know what I mean.

So I have a few questions.

Being a novice at this dominating stuff I don't know the limits one can go to
without caus- ing Colleen to orgasm involuntarily. Seeing as how I'm tormenting
a healthy 27 year girl I  am assuming that the further along we are into this
bet the less I should be playing with  her sex. Is there a point when a woman
could be so pent up that even the simplest stimu- lation will cause her to
orgasm? Can she have wet dreams?

Please let me know. Right now I'm resigning myself to the reality that my
participation in  her torment will swing from physical to mental. That is, no
touching. Lots of dirty talk...

I've already set up part of this mental torment fun by getting her addicted to
posting on the  newsgroup. She finds it very hot to get the email messages so
keep them a-cummin. She  wanted to go online tonight but I'm restricting her
access to the computer, just to add to  her frustration.

But ...

_______________________

I had to pause. Typing this has made me ... well ... it's put me in a devilish
mood ... and  made me feel guilty that I've have delibrately ignored Colleen's
posturing and stares for  the past two nights. I've been using the "keep her
wanting for more" policy.

So I went downstairs to make up.

She was on the couch watching TV, naked with belt on. I told her to stand up and
put her  hands behind her back. I cuffed her and forced her back down on the
sofa. Her ankles  were tied together. Her face got that horny glazed look when I
removed the belt. The clit  went hard.

I sat down next to her and said I was going to conduct a home emergency test.
For the  next sixty minutes she was going to watch a video. A special video. One
I found in the  closet. She looked a little nervous. I told her it definitely
was not mine and the subject  matter was something that no self respecting woman
should be showing.

With that I grabbed her tits and put this new string bra on her. I showed her
these shoe  strings I had. I tied one end of each to one of her fully erected
nipples, not caring for her  protests. Then I pulled her bound wrists up to the
other end of the strings. Her nipples  were connected to her wrists. I left her
enough slack as to do her no harm but she could  certainly tug on them if she
wants to.

I put on the video. It was her. She had hidden it.

Someone had dubed two videos together for her. Both movies involved the same
cute,  long haired blond girl, hands tied above his head. The other participates
were all attractive  men. The nude men took turns getting the girl hot only to
whip and spank her until she  was screaming.

I told her a true girl would not find this erousing. I was going upstairs but
would be back in  an hour. If she still had a wet pussy when I got back I was
going to schedule the same  whipping treatment on her this weekend. She just
closed her eyes tight but her breathing  betrayed her!

Well that's about it. Please can someone give me any info about wet dreams and
over  stimulating the horny female. It would be very much appreciated.

Now I think I'll go down and see if the poor girl still has that wet crotch.

_________

When he last left me I was headed for the basement to be bound and whipped. On
my  pussy, no less. My poor aching, haven't got no release in over two weeks.

My bet with Steve had evolved from orgasm deprivation to genital torture. I'd
gone from  horny to slut. I thought I could easily go six weeks without sex to
having it my sole reason  for being. Not for a second did I ever think that I
would willingly let someone tie me up in a  basement and let them do what they
wanted to me. But here I am.

And here's the play-by-play details of what happened next.

I was bound tight. Arms straight out. Both wrists locked in leather cuffs that
attached to  taunt ropes knotted to pipes on either end of the darkened
basement. I wore a loose fitting  pair of sweat pants instead of my chastity
belt.

Steve approached from behind me. He commanded I spread my legs apart. I placed
my  bare feet out to my sides as far as I could. Steve wrapped one arm around my
chest. His  other hand firmly grabbed hold of my unprotected crotch, squeezing
hard.

"Are you ready, girl?" His hand still on my pussy. "I've got the riding crop
down here with  me. That leather flap on the end should feel real nice on your
cunt. Shouldn't it?"

He pulled over an old chair from the corner of the room and plopped into it in
front of me.  Slouching somewhat in the chair, Steve began to undo his shirt and
play with the bulge  between his legs.

"Shit! I am so fucking horny! And looking at you tied up like that makes it even
worse." His  dick was out of his jeans. "Oh girl, look at you. You are one
fucking piece of meat. Tied up,  going nowhere. At my control...my control! Bet
you want to get out of the restraints. It's  been four or five hours hasn't it?
Let me have a look."

He put his hands on the back of my ass and slowly pulled down my sweats.
Collapsing  back into the chair, he pulled his jeans completely off and kicked
them out of the way. He  just played with this dick and stared at me. Pussy
slime was drooling out of me. I started  to twist and gyrate in front of him.
Thrusting my hips toward him, I hoped he'd let me go, at  least to have a good
fondling. But he was having a grand ol' time masturbating.

"You are a fucking tease. Letting me play with myself. Hoping I'd cum and lose
all interest  in whipping this...," his hand caught my pussy.

He stood up and went behind me. My sweats were taken from around my ankles. One
of  his hands felt my ass while the other held my crotch.

"Are you wondering what it would feel like to have your nice soft piece of meat
slapped  with the leather crop? Will it sting? Will the warm afterglow heat up
your cunt ... make it  tingle? ...Or do you just want to get a big cum? Not much
chance to get it while being re- strained, is there?"

I gave my head a feeble shake for "no".

Suddenly his hard cock was in between my ass cheeks, sliding up and down against
my  hole. His precum giving me one massive lube job. Jolts of sexual energy shot
throughout  my body. He stopped as fast as he started.

The heady feeling of desire disappeared as I felt Steve take my ankles and
attach them to  a set of cuffs, leaving me completely open and ready for his
pleasure and my torment.

"Pussy whipping raises the level in our kinky relationship, doesn't it? You want
me to do  this don't you?"

I nodded "yes". Even more than he knew.

He frowned. "And your nipples ... let's not forget those. They need to be
punished too,  don't they? Of course they do. You need your aching cunt and hard
nipples slapped silly. I  know you do."

With the whip in his hand, he went to my crotch. I braced myself for a rush of
pain. It never  came.

Steve looked at me and spoke. "I've got a dilemma. I really want nothing more
that to take  your cunt. Play with it, get it wet. Tease it. Bring you to the
brink, over and over. I've never  had anyone let me slap her helpless pussy
around, so you know I certainly want to do this.  My dilemma is this: I've read
some of the email we've gotten and it seems that any kind of  stimulation to
your clit at this time, in your hyper-horny condition... to give you, like say a 
pussy whipping ... would probably result in your losing your bet. And that just
wouldn't be  fair. I'm afraid you won't be whipped today."

He fondled my crotch while he nibbled on my neck. "Maybe at some later date, eh?
Would  you like that? I really hope you do."

I started to sputter. "No!" "Yes!" "Please, now!" "Please! Please!"

"Aww... you just want to be stimulated. Nobody's played with your cunt for a
while now  and you're so desperate you'd say anything. Now, no means no! I can
not run the chance  of you ruining things."

Steve abrupty went around to my backside. He inserted his dick into my ass and
slowly  humped away. Both hands went to my tits while he made deep, hard jabs
into my hole.  With every thrust into my ass he spoke.

"You...made...the...bet..! Live...with...it! ...It's...my...pleasure...not..
.yours!  ...You're...getting...nothing!"

He couldn't continue talking, he was too lost in fucking me. My ass burned from
the pres- sure. I was truly insane at that moment. The fucking stopped. I heard
a weird whimpering  noise. It was the sound of someone trying to stop a near
ejaculation. In one quick move- ment he pulled out of me. He came forward,
grabbed my face and glared at me.

"You almost made me cum, you fucker! Almost!" He sneered, his finger pointed in
my  face. And then...wham! He was suddenly smacking my butt!

"I'm in control...not you!" He kept spanking me, blistering up my buns and
driving me nuts.

It was at this point I crumbled - then and there. I was going to lose the bet
and I did not  give a shit. I begged, pleaded to be fucked, for him to put his
hands on my cunt and finger  me until I explode as I never had before. I was
hysterical. I was as desperate as I've ever  been.

I was...I had been...appealing to the wrong audience.

Steve was back in the chair in front of me. His legs were spread wide and he was
stroking  his dick. Laughing snidely. "Is this what you want to do? To play with
yourself? Huh? Bet it  would feel real good. Oh wait a moment, you already have
one bet going. I don't think you  could handle a second right now."

I'm arching my back forward, begging to be let out. I didn't want the car, just
relief.

"You don't really mean it," he said. "I'm doing you a favor not letting you
free. In the end  you'll thank me for forcing you to honor your bet. I am not
letting you get off."

I growled! Steve's stayed in the chair jacking off.

"Now calm down. Calm down. Just relax. Stop watching my cock. I've got the
hardon, not  you. Relax. Think about how good it will feel when you're driving
your prized car. I tell you  what. I'll suck your pussy for you while you
driving around some evening after you've won.  Doesn't that sound good?"

Accepting the fact I was not going to be released I started to maintain a grip.
Steve though  was still slowly pumping away on his cock.

"Okay now, listen to me. We've got to talk. Passion is way too high around here
for you to  survive the next weeks. And expectations are certainly going to get
way too high. You're  never going to win this bet. The minute I give you any
kind of stimulation, you are going to  pop. The bet'll be over and you won't get
a car."

I was hearing half of it. I was more focused on his jacking off in front of me.

"Colleen, listen to me. I'm offering you a compromise. I'll help you to get the
car. I never  cared about the car anyway. I just wanted to do this to you, to
someone, all my life. And  you've let me. As far as I'm concerned the car is
yours."

Oooh, really! Now this was gooo-ooood news to me! I instantly got real calm. I
didn't care  my clit had become a pin. I didn't care my hips had permanent
indents from the chastity  belt. I thought it was over. And then Steve had to go
and add an "if" to his last statement.  "If ... you agree to one compromise." Oh
no, I dreaded to hear about the compromise.

"I want you to put every fiber of your being into not cumming for the next three
weeks. I'll  help you with this. I won't do much of anything arousing to you.
I'll be just as satisfied  watching you suffer in frustration. You can jack me
off and you'll still be in the chastity belt.  You'll still sleep chained to the
bed but I'll leave you alone. No one will touch your cunt or  titties. All
you'll have to do is avoid having a wet dream and you're in the clear ..." He 
paused. I hate his pauses. I got very nervous.

"Well, do you agree?"

He was still in the chair, fondling his balls big time, whacking away on his
cock.

"Hurry up! If I shoot before you say yes the deal's off. No car. Trust me. I
mean it. You  know I mean it." Yes, I knew he did.

He was gasping, about to come when I shouted "yes".

"Good!" he spoke, suddenly sitting up. The bastard was faking his approaching
orgasm.  He may have been close but he had no intention of cumming just yet. He
started groping  my ass and flicking the head of my clit.

"I'm glad that's settled. Now why don't I sit back here and just jack off to a
big satisfying  cum. You (his hand was on the inside of my thigh) and I can have
a nice filthy, long con- versation. Let's talk about fantasies. Let's talk about
the possibilities if you stayed my  slave. The more you entertain me the longer
I'll torment you down here. Perhaps you want  another spanking? Perhaps you
don't want this to end!"

The things I said, the fantasies I told, kept him hard and very interested for a
long time.  We talked into the early evening before he came all over my bound
body.

_________

Another interlude...

Steve here, Colleen is preoccupied.

This bet on Colleen's chastity has consumed us both. Maintaining this level of
kink is  draining. I really don't think we would have survived for the original
six weeks without  having to go into a nursing home when it was over.

Lord only knows I've been a saint through all of this. What with having to tie
her up every  night and watch her get all the way more horny. Watching her twist
and turn, her legs  spread out, her crotch vulnerable. Tempting me to reach out
and touch her cunt, to slowly  stroke and play with it, to make her cry in
desperate frustration ...

It's been hard, pun intended.

I've deliberately gone without cumming myself since Sunday. A certain essence of
horni- ness on my part has motivated me to proceed with my plans for her
birthday. As I write  this I've have already set in motion what will be the
festivities for an afternoon of tease  torture Colleen will never, ever forget.
It was expensive and I probably violated any num- ber of city ordinances to do
it but I figure you only get this wild once in a lifetime. It's a stu- pid crazy
thing we are doing and I might as well do it first class stupid all the way.

Colleen has for the most part been left alone to suffer her sexual denial in her
chastity  belt. Her sleeping arrangements consist of nude, spread eagle bondage.
I spend some  time with her, making her look at her nudity while I talk in
variations on the theme of or- gasms long denied. When it's all I can do to
resist the urge to stroke her pussy I leave and  go to the master bedroom to
sleep. She spends her days at work closely supervised by  my brother and her
friend though I really feel it not all that necessary. Colleen says she 
wouldn't do anything to violate the agreement and I believe her.

Her friend Sally does what she can though to keep Colleen on edge at the shop.
Talking  dirt, bringing in porn. She even got her trapped in the john one day
and forced (I use the  term loosely) Colleen to watch as Sally dropped her pants
and a did a slow jack off dem- onstration for the poor horny gal to see. If my
brother found out he'd kill them both.

I don't touch her pussy. I want to in such an extreme way but I can't. I mean
her behaviour  is NERVOUS. Her nipples are hard, mean boulders. That clit of her
inflates and her slit  drools within seconds of being freed from the belt. It's
probably naive on my part to think  but I'm hoping that lessening the
stimulation to her hyper sensitive pussy may give her  enough stamina to survive
my absolutely evil plan for Friday evening, the final night of our 
re-negotiated bet. This Thursday's ordeal may drive her nearly mad but I'm
pretty sure she  won't be cumming. Friday on the other hand...

The early warning sign that I better leave her alone happened on Sunday. Colleen
wasn't  going to wear any genital apparatus as she had more than her fair share
with the number  of hours she spent in the chastity belt the day before.

I had work to do on the computer and Colleen thought she do some of the basic
house- work. Just so to keep the bet on the front of everyone's mind I commanded
Colleen to  wear only her chastity belt as she went about the house. I'd see her
walk by on occasion  during the day. Sometime's he was showing a boner,
sometimes not. Most of the time she  had enormously erected niples. Colleen in a
chastity belt with swollen tits was too much to  ignore after a while. I decided
she must be punished for distracting me from work.

She was dragged in the bedroom and forced to suck my dick while I slapped her
ass. She  was as hot as ever. You could practically feel the heat radiating from
her pussy. It pos- sessed me and I got evil.

I told her to stop with the sucking and kneel. I slid to the front of the bed,
sitting up against  the pillows and headboard. I spread my legs and jacked off
my hard cock for awhile,  looking at the poor baby in her chastity belt. Her
face ... well ... hungry.

After a while I told her to come lay on her back up between my legs, her bare
back resting  on my cock. She was told to put both her hands around behind me
and leave them there.  No matter what.

My cock was a drippin' and could easily glide up and down her back as I gazed at
the hot,  nude girl. Her exposed nipples met with a constant barrage of pinching
and smacking.  Colleen's crotch was gyrating almost involuntarily to all this
attention.

I was in heat and took my evil to another level. My feet suddenly sort of hooked
or  wrapped around Colleen's ankles and I forced her legs to spread as wide as I
could take  them. She was vulnerable and exposed to anything and I told her so.
I told her to look at  her cunt in this chastity belt, to look at the wet stain
on her thighs, and to know her aching  cunt was not going to get any relief
unless I say so.

Pinching her nipples, I asked her if she did like being treated this way, my
hands firmly on  her tits, her horny cunt wide opened, but unaccessible, my lips
moving slowly by her ears.  I got her admitting to being a slut, a fucking
whore. She confessed to loving this treatment,  to being controlled this way and
to desperately wanting to at least touch her own pussy for  the first time in
over three weeks.

It was at the point I told her she could. That it would be a fine bit of torture
for her to finger  herself for one brief second, but to beware that were she to
cum. When she did so the  consequences, the punishment would be terrible. When
she was less than an inch from  her throbbing, aching cunt, at the moment I told
her she'd be tied down and pussy  whipped were she to cum that she spasmed,
making an "oh ... oh" kind of sound. Her  pussy lips twitched for a split second
and every part of Colleen's body clenched.

She suddenly went kind of limp just as an amount of clear liquid oozed from her
pussy.  She kept saying "I'm sorry, I'm sorry". I guess she thought that she had
cum. I asked her if  it felt like she did. She said it did in a way but in
actuality her pussy ached even more.

I don't know what it was (maybe someone can tell me) but I decided since it
didn't look or  feel like a cumming then it wasn't. She leapt up, similtaneously
thanking then kissing me  passionately. She even had the audacity to grab my
cock and jack me off while she was  slipping her tongue down my throat. Man did
I shoot!

I know I'm such a noble human being for let all this slide but I have plans for
Colleen this  weekend and I was not going to let the bet end just yet.

_________

Finally, I had went through six weeks of enforced chastity. I can tell it was
hell. I will never again laugh about horny men. In this damn chastity belt, I
was permanently horny myself. Oh,  what I longed for a good fuck, even a simple,
quick masturbation during this time. I felt like  a watch spring, loaded and
loaded until the point of bursting. During work I very much  cared not to
involuntary touch my nipples in any way in order to avoid an embarrassing  moan
of myself.

Now, the end is in sight. I'm so happy for this. There had been two points, when
I nearly  had lost the battle. The first time had been after four weeks, when
Steve accidentally left  me alone for a few minutes without the chastity belt.
In the beginning, I had put all my  strength into avoiding to break the rules.
With trembling thighs I tried to keep my fingers  off the forbidden zone. But I
couldn't resist, and just in the moment I had started to finger  myself, Steve
returned to lock me back into the chastity belt. I didn't knew if I should have 
been happy about his return or not ...

The other moment had been in the office. There had been few to do (very
exceptional in  the computer business ...) and Sally had teased me all the day.
She told me about the hot  nights with her lover, rubbed her breasts in front of
me, touched and flicked my nipples,  and more of this kind. I grew to an unknown
level of horniness, and as she started to  masturbate openly in my office
cubicle, all dams in my mind broke. With trembling fingers I  dialed Steve's
number to announce my surrender. Nearly hysterical, I wanted to beg him  to come
over here and allow me release. I was willing to renounce of the car, I only 
wanted sex, sex, sex! But Steve wasn't there, and Sally had been occupied with a
real job,  so I had time to calm down.

Now it is time. I got it! Tomorrow's not only Saturday, but my birthday too, and
after this  day my plight would be over. I wonder what the surprise is that
Steve had told me about. I  kept asking him what was going on and he just smiled
and played with his dick. He said  something about if you are living your
ultimate dream you might as well go all the way.  What? Huh? I dread tomorrow.

_________

In the morning of my birthday, I woke up to find a strange, but very
good-looking man sit- ting in my bedroom. I shrieked, but he told me to calm
down, introducing himself as  Franco, hired by Steve as my special birthday
surprise.

I, being gagged and bound spreadeagle and all, couldn't give my dream man a
proper  hello. So I did the next best thing. I popped the mother of all boners.

"You know, your lover paid me to entertain you for a while this morning. But
don't worry  baby, nothing bad's going to happen to you. Well...at least nothing
you wouldn't want. But  from what your boyfriend tells me, some of the things
you may want...," he put his fingers  at my pussy, "...you ain't going to get."

Franco grinned. "And the way that tits of yours are waving hello I think your
asking for a  gift I don't think you're supposed to get."

As Franco talked, he paced around the perimeters of the bed to just look at me.
He  touched my right inner thigh and works his way down to my ankle. The ankle
had been left  unbound.

"Your boyfriend said I could only proceed with the festivities if you were to be
a willing par- ticipant. He told me to tell you that if you wanted to proceed
you were to voluntarily com- plete your own bondage." He looked down on my
unfettered ankle. "You're to give me this  leg, baby. I'm supposed to finish
tying you up. Come on...give me your ankle."

I didn't move, this was a little to freaky. I tried to spit out the ball gag but
didn't get any- where in the attempt.

"Come on, I'm waiting to get started. In fact I really just can't wait. I
mean...look at what  you are doing to me, honey." He stepped backed, undid his
belt, pulled down his fly and  exposed his white briefs and massive hardon!

"You know, when your lover hired me the other night, I thought this setup was a
little too  weird but ...what the hell...I'd do it for the money. But oooh baby,
looking at you laid out  like this for playtime has brought out the kinky side
in me. Now don't be a chicken shit.  Come on...I'm not going to hurt you..."

I started to move my leg towards his waiting hands.

"Come on, baby I ain't got all day now...come on, give me that leg...I saw how
you stared  at me when I dance for you. Well let me play with you now, honey. I
want to play with you.  Can't you see that bulge in my panties? Be a good slave
..."

By now my ankle found its way into his hands, hands that slowly stroked up my
leg before  returning to tie it off. I was now in complete bondage. His for
whatever was to happen. He  went for the towel laying beside my exposed pussy
and jokingly dabbed the lube off my  nether lips. Just as I thought I didn't
know nor care how much longer I could control my  sexual urges, my release ...
Franco spoke.

"Now don't you look like one hot little slavegirl." He was rubbing his own
crotch. "But be- fore you and I start, I'm supposed to go and get your
boyfriend. He wants to take care of  that poor cunt before you get it in
trouble. I'll be right back."

Franco left the room only to return with Steve, a big smile on his face. He came
over,  whispered for me not to worry -- it was okay. Have fun but not too much
fun.

Franco was at his side at this point holding a plastic bag. Steve spoke. "Well
Colleen, that  cunt of yours looks like it wants to lose the bet big time so I'm
going to do you a favor be- fore Franco starts to give you your birthday
present. He and I are going to cool you off a  little bit and place you into a
brand new little piece of lingerie I made just for you on this  special
occasion."

Steve growled in me ear, "I hope you like it, you slut!" and gestured Franco
over to my  exposed crotch. The next second brought my entire body to a
standstill as I felt what had  to be a bag full of watery ice placed on my mound
of venus.

Steve held up something to my clenched face. It looked like a small cloth bag. A
closer  look showed me that the bag was made from cutting the behind off pants
made of a rough  fabirc, leaving only a strip along the middle. A thick band had
been crudely sewn to it's  upper end and the edges had been reinforced with
thread so that they wouldn't tear.

I had a pretty good idea where it was going.

"Well, Colleen...how do you like your present? I made it myself just for you.
Here let me  show you how it works. Franco, are we ready?" I looked over Steve's
shoulder to see  Franco put his hand under the ice bag. I could feel very
little. He probably felt a lot less.

"I don't think the poor thing's going to get any cooler than it is now," said
Franco.

Steve went between my legs as Franco held the ice package. Taking my legs,
shoving  them into the too small panties and binding the hips' band with a
double knot, Steve suc- ceeded in creating a tight pack around my genitals,
stretched to its limits. He looked with  pride at what he had done.

"There, I don't think that pussy of yours will feel anything and get you in
trouble now!" said  Steve. And he was right. I felt like being in a deep freeze
between my legs.

To my surprise, Steve let my left hand free. Immediately I brought it down to my
crotch  only to discover it wasn't any feeling down there anymore. All my pussy
did was to throb  and sting in it's bag, creating a new torment for me. I
couldn't get inside the tightly bound  cover. The two of them grinned as I
squirmed in discomfort in front of them.

"OK Franco, I guess you can proceed with your birthday dance. I'll leave the two
of you  alone now. Have fun, Colleen!" Steve's hand cupped my imprisoned
genitals. He left the  room to leave me alone with my fantasy. Franco did a slow
wetting of his lips.

"Now baby, you know I'm supposed to be here to make you suffer some. Your
boyfriend  wants this nice cunt to suffer from neglect (he had his hand on my
tightly packaged sex) ...  I'm going to do a good job here to make you wish you
weren't tied to that bed and your  cunt was free to do whatever it wanted. I'm
planning on doing a real good job."

He pushed his open jeans past his trim hips and let them drop to the floor. He
got around  to the end of the bed and slithered snake-like up between my spread
legs. His tongue was  out as his head approached my groin, avoiding contact at
the last second. I've gone into a  lustful coma. He gracefully set his ass
gently down on my stomach to give me a perfect  view of his white briefs and
massive bulge. He stared at me and told me how hot I looked,  that he's not into
playing with a slavegirl but he definitely likes getting a taste for the other 
side of the coin. He abruptly took off his tee shirt and started to alternately
play with his  nipples as well as my own. He touched the gag in my mouth.

"Why don't you say something, cutie? Hmmm?" He lifted his ass off my stomach and 
cupped his crotch, getting close to my face. "You want to play with this ...
huh? You want  to taste my cock, maybe feel it?"

I was hesitant and scared but nodded yes.

He got off the bed and came up front on my right side, putting his crotch into
my free  hand. "Go ahead and play with it, feel my dick, baby. That's right you
got me hard, slut."  My pussy, trapped in a cocoon of ice and desire, must have
sent a message to my hand  to go into a frenzy. I wasn't going to ever stop
playing with his meat.

"Hey, hey ... lady, slow down. You going to make me soil my panties now if you
keep that  up!"

Franco pulled away, spread his legs and started to gyrate and thrust to music
only he was  hearing.

"Time for me to dance for you. Hope you don't mind but it's going to be a slow
dance... a  real slow dance."

He kneeled back up on the bed and proceeded to do twenty minutes of bumping and 
grinding and rubbing and thrusting and pawing and rolling -- all over my body.
He pre- tended he was fucking my ass, he put his groin almost to my lips and
abruptly took it  away. I prayed at any moment the ice around my cunt would melt
and he would take pity  on me and give me what was now long denied. He put on
quite a show and left me in a  state of total frenzy. Steve said he didn't know
if I would survive what he had planned and  I didn't. I was a pathetically horny
vegetable.

His dance came to a slow, sweaty stop. By the time I came back to complete
reality he  was at my head, his hand in my hair. "I hope you enjoyed that, hot
gal."

I couldn't talk, just nodded. Muttering a muffled "..ank...ooo...ank...ooo!"
Franco smiled,  looking in my eyes and said, "You're very welcome, cutie."

There was a pause. He took off my gag. I made jaw and lip movements to relieve
the  leftover discomfort from the gag. Franco looked lost in thought. It stayed
silent for a long  minute. He broke the silence by asking if I could call Steve
up to the room. I yelled, Steve  came running.

My thought was that Franco had finished and wanted to go but needed to get paid
first. I  had a great time but was very ready to get out of this weird bag. It
had also gotten very  wet in there and was starting to feel itchy.

Steve asked if it was fun and he certainly acted like he thought it was over and
was going  to show Franco out. Steve thanked Franco for showing up and picked up
his jeans and tee  shirt, handing them to him so he could get dressed. Franco
spoke to Steve.

"Um, look. I got an idea to bounce off you. I know we agreed to a half hour
visit. That's  fine. Cool. What I'm wondering is ... assuming I'm off the clock
... my own time ... uh ...  could I stay a little longer and ... you know ...
play with you some more. This 'master' stuff  is hotter than I thought. Man it's
made me nuts ... and I thought I could give your girl my  own little present."

Steve looked nervous. "I don't know about that ..."

Franco interrupted him. "Listen. Listen ..." he said and started whispering in
Steve's ear  and pointing at me. I should had been scared but for some horny
reason wasn't.

Steve was smiling now when he spoke up to say, "Okay Colleen, Franco convinced
me to  let him give you a little present. Don't go bug eyed, it'll be okay. He's
promised nothing  unsafe. If he were a psycho, I think we'd know by now. He just
wants to play with you  some more."

"And all I asked," said Franco,"was for your boyfriend to cooperate with me to
make you,  cutie, do my bidding." With his hand firmly cupping my bundled up
pussy he asked, "Is it  okay if I stay a while longer? I think you'll like it."
I sheepishly nodded in the affirmative.

Franco came over to me and whispered into my ear, Steve was now looking puzzled.
I  nodded a series of unspoken "yesses."

Franco turned to Steve, put his arm on his shoulder and said, "I'll need your
total coopera- tion in order to give this gal here her birthday present. Now
boyfriend, first off, before we  start. I think you'd be more comfortable if you
got these clothes off."

Steve just stared for a moment and then said he didn't think so.

"Well your slavegirl wants you stripped naked as part of her birthday present
I'm giving her  ... don't you slut?" I nodded yes. "You promised her, friend ...
don't renege on a promise ...  besides you're the one overdressed here ... and
like you say ... ain't nothing going to hap- pen that you don't want to happen."

I knew Steve's very, very modest and was really sure he wouldn't go along with
it. Sur- prisingly, possibly in the spirit of this strange adventure, he
suddenly shrugged, said "what  the hell," and off came his clothes except for
his boxers. Inhibitions only go so far with  Steve.

"That's a real nice body boyfriend...get up here with your slavegirl ... right
here ... kneel  over her stomach ..." Franco positioned Steve on the bed with
one knee on either side of  my belly. Steve looked and acted unsure of what was
next, his arms going up and down,  uncertain where to put them.

"OK boyfriend ... your gal said that what she wanted from me for her birthday
was a spe- cial birthday spanking. Isn't that right slavegirl?" I nodded.

"It's a different kind of birthday spanking, one I'm going to enjoy giving ...
how old are you,  cutie?"

"Twenty-seven," I replied.

"Put your hands on your head, boyfriend, so that she can see you really
good...make her  get her poor cunt all cramped up in that bag you put it in.
Leave your hands up there, don't  put them down until I tell you."

"Can I touch your boyfriend, slave?"

I nodded OK.

Franco got up on the bed, kneeling beside Steve. He put one hand on Steve's flat
stom- ach and used his other hand to start to feel up Steve's hard ass. "Now
boyfriend, you said  you'd cooperate with this birthday present, didn't you?"

"Yes" said Steve. He was nervous but his boxers still started to tent upwards in
the front.

"You sure ... you swear?" Steve gave a him an "I said yes" kind of facial
gesture.

"Well I'm glad you're going to cooperate ... here's how lassie wants this
birthday spanking.  She wants to watch and I'm going to give ..., " Franco
started to pull the back of Steve's  boxers down, "... and you are going to
receive!"

How much hotter was this going to get?

Steve looked shocked. He started to put his hands down and twisted around to
Franco to  say something. Franco in turn grabbed Steve's hands and got them up
on Steve's head  again, speaking to Steve before he could say anything. "This is
what cutie wants, isn't that  right slave?"

I give him an emphatic "hell-yes!" look. Steve gave me a "I'm going to get you"
look, half in  jest, half in earnest. Steve reluctantly said "OK" and I just
grinned and grinned. I was fi- nally getting some retribution for all this
misery he caused.

"Now boyfriend, I want you to be truthful ... I'm new at this S&M stuff ... so
I'm going to  start out gentle with the slaps ... you ready?"

I was smirking at Steve as Franco started in on the first smack. The hit brought
a forward  thrust from Steve causing his cock to plop out of the front opening
in his boxers. His partial  hard on went to full salute instantly. Franco went
in for the kill. And the rest of the after- noon became a blur of events for me.

Franco: "Well look it that. Master man likes getting his butt beat! ... I mean"
(Franco's hand  went to stroke Steve's cock) ... "he really likes it! Now
boyfriend, keep your hands up there  ... no one told you to put them down. Can I
touch your boyfriend, slave?" I gave my usual  affirmative. "That was number ONE
of twenty-seven hits on your ass ... wasn't too hard,  was it boyfriend? ... you
want harder? ... good ... Here's TWO ... feel better ... harder? ...  OK ...
THREE ... better start counting these slaps baby ... out loud ... I lose count
and we  start over ... FOUR ... say that louder boyfriend ... FIVE ... harder?
... SIX...look at your  dick boyfriend ... don't deny you don't like this ...
SEVEN ... you like getting spanked ...  EIGHT ... while your girl watches? ...
NINE ... huh? ... harder? ... TEN ... you should see  this poor girl 's bound up
cunt ... ELEVEN ... man it's going to burst ... TWELVE ... out of  the bag ...
THIRTEEN ... this bag is soaked ... man you are ... FOURTEEN ... one mean  ol'
master man ... FIFTEEN ... are you? tormenting her like this ... SIXTEEN ... hey
slave- girl ... SEVENTEEN ... you want to see your boyfriend's dick shoot? ...
EIGHTEEN ... I  know I do ... NINETEEN ... you do too? good ... TWENTY ... ok
boyfriend ... TWENTY- ONE ... start jacking off ... TWENTY-TWO ... better be
ready to cum on the count of  twenty-seven or else ... TWENTY-THREE ... or else
I may let this girl out ... TWENTY- FOUR...and let her jack off ... TWENTY-FIVE
... and restrain ... TWENTY-SIX ... you!  Franco stopped.

"OK boyfriend, keep jerkin' that thing off, get ready cause twenty-seven's gonna
be major  and you better be ready to shoot..." (Steve's sweating, grimacing,
ready and ...) pow ...  TWENTY-SEVEN ... cum spewing from his cock all over my
chest, face, eye ... wild ...  very, very wild!!!!!!! Steve collapses ... his
arms down to prop himself up over me ... he's  breathing heavily ... Franco's
down playing with my meanwhile uncooled pussy ... I'm in- sane!!!!!!!!!

"Get this fucking thing off me," I screamed. "You win! I don't want the car!
Please I want to  cum ... Pleaseepleaseplease ..."

Steve calms me down, Franco suddenly comes up to the front of the bed, stopping
to  whisper something to Steve who nodded yes. Franco pulled his briefs down and
plopped  his cock in my receptive hand and started to pump away.

"It's okay girl, your boyfriend said you could jack me off, I need some relief
too."

I was in a dangerous state where danger and playing safe are meaningless and
lust just  takes over. I didn't need to worry because as I jacked and jacked
that big thing for about a  minute, when Franco was ready he pulled away and
shot a load of cum on the sheet.

It took several minutes to bring me back from the lustful abyss I had gone to. I
was  vaguely aware of Steve talking me back to a less hysterical state. I was
more keenly  aware of the thing throbbing between my legs. Steve was soothing
and calming, telling me  I didn't really want to lose the bet. I wanted the car.
I could hold out one more day. As re- ality was more in focus and lust and
frustrations became less of a terminal condition I  could hear water running ...
the shower. Franco ... Steve says Franco was taking a  shower. Running in the
bathroom, must have been Steve ... Steve was laying beside me,  his hand on the
pouch. He had put his shirt back on, laying there ... in his boxers. I'm still 
asking to be let out of the bet. I wanted to lose. I needed to to cum. I was
convinced my  pussy had turned to fire. Must get it out. Get me off Steve
please. Please.

Believe it or not, I got calmer. Steve wasn't about to let me out. He's telling
me it's too  much fun to see the once cocky and impudent lady reduced to this.
He laughed and said  no, there would be no release from my predicament ... I was
his to do as he pleased for  one more day, just one more day. I begged. He said
no. If it were any comfort, he said, my  torment was almost over for the day.
One more little torment and he would stop for the  day. We'd have a nice quite
birthday dinner with his brother and sister at their house. Real  pleasant. But
first Franco wanted to say goodbye ... see if I was ok ... and ... Franco  comes
back into the room ... towel ... drying his beautiful body ... no shirt, briefs,
smiling.  Steve slowly takes the cursed pouch off me ... I feel blood rushing
into my pussy, which  instantly starts to burn like fire. Franco crawls up
between my legs ... starts singing ...  "Happy Birthday"? Just like Marilyn
Monroe to JFK ... and when he finishes he blows up  and down ... on my hard clit
... gives a light kiss to my pussy ... Franco leaves ... heaven ...  hell ... I
love Steve ... I really hate him.

After Franco had gone, Steve came back up and let me out of the bondage, but
locked me  back into the chastity belt. We cuddled for a while and he asked if I
was going to be okay.  He promised again there was to be no more for the day.
I'm telling him there can be no  more, the feelings ... it felt like gravity in
all its natural force was focused between my legs.  My pussy definitely hurt.
Steve said most of what I was going through would go away after  I settled down.
We continued to innocently lay in the bed. I on my side, he on his stomach. 
After some time I got more at ease. I looked at Steve and laughed, smugly
thinking that at  least Franco had taken away Steve's evil edge by making him
shoot his load when he  wanted to be primed and ready for whatever he had
planned for tomorrow.

I smugly told him so. He just laughed and rolled on his side to face me and
proudly display  his cock in a very hard, mean state. His evil edge wasn't gone.

But tomorrow I will have the car ... I hope I can stand this last night.

THE END (?)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Joachim


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





