BDSM Library - Mona




Mona
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The farm girl forced to move to city ghetto when father loses his job. Rough kids have brought corporal punishment back to the school. Things get a bit out of hand.
                            Mona
                         by Allene

  My life was pretty routine till Dad lost his job and had to take a
lower paying one forcing us to move to a poorer neighborhood just as I
entered junior high.
  The school was a little scary, and depressing. I was used to a pretty
brick school with lawns and landscaping. This school looked like a big
grey factory with bars on the windows surrounded by an asphalt parking
lot. Rather than our tennis courts there were just pipes coming out of
the asphalt with raggedy basketball hoops and even the football field was
just dirt. Most of the boys and girls dressed as punk rockers with the
girls wearing cut off T-shirts and short shorts or micro skirts to bare
their stomachs below their navels and show their legs almost to their
crotches. I was used to a dress code and was totally out of place in my
white blouse and skirt to my knees. They were also rowdy running down the
halls and yelling obscenities to each other. I was embarrassed to see
girls being kissed and fondled in the halls. The girls didn't seem to
mind when the boys lifted their skirts to squeeze butt cheeks when they
were hugged and kissed. I was shy and did not know what to do when a boy
said, "Hey. You must be a new girl." and casually patted my butt then
said, "Nice ass!"  except to blush and whimper.
  At the indoctrination I was told that since so many of the kid's were
delinquent the school had introduced corporal punishment.
  I told them I was a good girl and had never made trouble at my old
school but the principal seemed unconvinced. He said, "You are in puberty
now and there will be hormonal changes that may change your personality."
  I dreaded going to school but I knew it would not do any good to
complain to my folks since we could not afford to move back to our old
neighborhood.
  I didn't make any friends since I was so shy and the other girls just
teased me about my uncool clothes and since I tried to avoid them said
loudly to other girls, "That's the new girl. She thinks she is better
than us."   They thought I was a wimp and would just giggle when one of
the boys would pinch my butt to make me blush and whine to be let alone.
  It got worse at my first gym class. Unlike my old school that had
shower stalls this school just had shower nozzles coming out of the wall
in a large room with floor drains. I was embarrassed to be naked in front
of all those girls so I took a nozzle at the corner to be able to face
the wall and hide my front.
  To my surprise and embarassment a big girl stepped behind me to reach
around my sides and grab my boobies with both hands to turn me around and
said, "Check out these tits! The boys will love them!"
  I struggled blushing to my toes in disbeleif someone would treat me
this way further embarrassed by the feel of her wet breasts on my back
and her pubic hair pressing in to my butt. Struggling just brought harder
squeezes to my breasts so I stood there shaking in fear whimpering, "No!
Please leave me alone."
  The other girls just watched in amuzement with one saying, "Bitch. You
had better stay away from my man!"
  I whimpered, "I don't want any of your boys."
  She said, "Oh. You think you are too good for them."
  I was even more embarrassed when she turned me around to press her
breasts into mine and slapped my butt to make a sharp sting, saying
"Check out this big round ass. It just begs for spanking. The principal
is going to love it!"
  That was the last straw. I broke loose and ran to my locker crying and
dressing as fast as I could while they laughed. 
  They must have told their boyfriends what a wimp I was not to fight
more because it did not take long for the boys to find out I would just
blush and cry when they molested me. I began to dread class breaks and
lunch because they would huddle around me to fondle me while I cried
listening to their threats to fuck me or make me suck their dicks.
  If that wasn't bad enough I was sent to detention because one of the
girls copied off my test paper and I could not convince the teacher I had
not cooperated.
  I was hoping for just a bawling out or to have to stay after school but
this was not to be. 
  Gloria, the girl who looked on my paper, Myrna, whose crime I did not
know and I were led into a bare room behind the principal's office.
  I was really scared. I had never been spanked in my life but knew it
would hurt enough to make me struggle because there were ropes with
leather cuffs on the ends and other cuffs on the floor to hold the person
being spanked in position.
  The principal explained the procedure:
       "As some of you know you have the option of being spanked with
this," he held up a paddle about two feet long, six inches wide and an
inch thick, "Or you may be flogged with this." He held up a whip with six
leather thongs about an inch wide and over two feet long.
  The paddle will leave bruises since it is heavy and the same area is
hit over and over. However you will be able to maintain your dignity to
some extent since you will be clothed. The whip will just turn you red
since it can be spread over a larger area but it must be used on bare
skin to be effective.
  Myrna your offence was making a disturbance in the hall. Your
punishment will be twenty swats. How do you want them?"
  Myrna began to plead crying, "Please don't spank me. It was not my
fault. The boy's were teasing and tickling me. They are the ones who
should be punished!"
  "We are not here to argue! Several witnesses reported you had
encouraged the tickling."
  "But that was the boys and their friends! It isn't fair!"
  "Myrna! If you don't stop this I will make it thirty swats. Now how do
you want it?"
  "I can't get naked in front of a man! Use the paddle."
  I knew just how she felt. I thought I would die first and when Gloria
whispered, "Take the whip. I have tried both. The paddle makes you sore
for days, the whip stops hurting within an hour." I just ignored her.
  I found out the paddle did not leave a great deal of dignity either.
After Myrna's legs were tied about three feet apart to the legs of a
table and her wrists tied to the legs on the other side they lifted her
skirt up to her waist and held it in place with a belt to reveal her
white panties.
  I found out the spanking was a team effort. The principal stood by her
left side and his mannish looking secretary to her right and took turns
swatting her butt with frightening loud "Splat!" sounds. To my surprise
The principal did not hit as hard as his woman secretary who hit so hard
she grunted with every two handed stroke and smiled at Myrna's screams.
  I stood there in shock watching the paddle sink into Myrna's butt
cheeks over and over with loud "Splats!" until the skin got so red you
could see it darken through her panties.
  Finally it was over and they let her down. She was so weak from the
ordeal she sank to the floor in the corner sobbing and trying to soothe
her butt by stroking it with her hands.
  Now it was Gloria's turn. She was told that since it was her third
offence she would get thirty swats. She chose the whip. I could hardly
believe her lack of modesty. She kicked off her shoes then calmly slid
off her jeans, pulled off her sweater, showing a tiny bra and bikini
panties. Even that was not enough! She reached behind her back to take
off her bra to show round firm breasts with pink nipples then slid down
her panties to show the tight crack of her pussy under sparse blonde
hair.I blushed for her as the principal obviously enjoyed watching her
strip. She began to whimper while she spread her legs to slightly open
the lips of her pussy for them to be tied to the floor and held out her
hands for the cuffs with ropes to a hook in the ceiling.
  When she was tied in position they began whipping her back until she
was red from the middle of her thighs to her waist then moved to her
front and began at the front of her thighs working up to her navel.
Gloria just whimpered and moaned till they whipped the inside of her
thighs which must have been more sensitive because they brought out
little shrieks. They finished with six lashes to her breasts with him
hitting the right one to compress it and pull it toward her armpit while
she did the same to her left one.
  I could not even imagine what that would feel like and was amazed when
it was over that Gloria was able to put her clothes back on with just
little sobs.
  Now it was my turn. It was obvious the whip was better since Gloria had
almost calmed down while Myrna was still crying but I just could not
stand having the principal leering at my naked body as I writhed and
struggled under the whip. I decided the greater pain would be better than
exposing myself. I chose the paddle.
  The principal must have wanted to see me naked since he stared at my
breasts that I knew from the shower were bigger than the other girls. He
even offered to go easy if I chose the whip. I was tempted when he said
angrily at my refusal, "Okay. Remember you asked for it."
  It was a mistake! I did not escape the humiliation. After I was tied in
position she pulled my panties tight into the crack of my ass then came
around to my front and pulled my panties into the slit of my pussy then
folded the waist till it looked like a had a satin rope around my waist
and buried in my ass crack and pussy. It seemed even worse than having
them taken off. When the first loud "Crack!" signaled the first blow I
found the pain was not limited to the skin. The paddle caused a deep pain
throughout the flesh of my butt and upper thighs. To make it worse there
was a delay between spanks and his secretary would say the next number to
let me know I still had many to go. I screamed and cried at each terrible
blow until she said "Six"  and I begged ""No more! Please! Use the whip."
  His secretary gloated, "I thought you might get smart but it is too
late. We would have to start over."
  Even that could not be worse than fifteen more with the paddle. Gloria
had taken thirty with only sobs and gasps and it seemed a little less
embarrassing now that Mona and Gloria had left. I sobbed, "I don't care.
The paddle is too awful!"
  I hoped they would just pull down my panties and pull up my sweater and
bra to finish on my back so I could keep my front hidden by the table but
I was not allowed even that. They untied me and told me to take off my
clothes while facing them. To add to my embarrassment they commented on
my body as each article of clothing came off. When I pulled off my
sweater she said, "Look at that nice flat tummy." He agreed, "Yes very
nice. Do you exercise a lot?" I was too embarassed to answer and just
nodded.
  When I took off my skirt I looked down and saw how obscene my pussy
looked with the lips puffed out to hold the panties inside and hurried to
take them off. I blushed even more when she said, "Oh look how tight her
vagina is. It closes to a fine line." He said "That will be good for her.
The thongs from the whip won't go inside." That frightened me. it had not
occurred to me that I may be hit there.
  Finally I removed my bra to get another compliment when she said, "Oh
look. Her breasts are so firm they didn't sag when the bra came off."  He
frightened me again by saying, "Yes. They are so round and firm they look
like a nice round ass and can be whipped like one." 
  In embarressment I covered them with one arm while keeping my other
hand over my pussy. This made him angry and he yelled," Put your hands by
your sides. It is too late to hide yourself. You asked to be naked."
  I felt guilty. He was right. By asking for the whip I was also asking
to be naked. I was relieved when they took my arms to put on cuffs to
pull them to the ceiling before they opened my legs because I did not
have to feel guilty for not covering myself.
  When I was stretched they began complimenting me again touching each
place as they talked about my tiny waist, my firm breasts, my firm round
bottom and my tight pussy. It was embarrassing while at the same time I
could not help but feel proud that they were so impressed.
  Finally she squeezed my sore bottom and when I yelped, she said, "Oh it
must be sore. You are being a good girl would you rather not be hit on
your back?"
  I thought that was a giant favor and said, "Oh yes. Thank you." it did
not occur to me that I was asking for all twenty to be put on the front
of my body.
  She asked if I was ready and I took a deep breath and nodded my head.
  She said "One." and brought the whip across my tummy just above my
navel. I gasped and shuddered but was relieved to find the sharp sting
was not nearly as bad as the paddle.
  She handed the whip to him and he said "Two" and stung and reddened my
tummy at the navel. If anything his did not hurt as much as hers and I
was glad I chose the whip. They kept alternating while I watched my
stomach redden closer and closer to my boobs and crotch then as she said
"Seven" I realized that one would hit my boobs and braced myself for the
terrible pain but it was not much worse than my stomach. "Eight" across
the top of my thighs at my crotch seemed easy. "Nine" hit  my nipples and
it was terrible but even then was not as bad as the paddle. "Ten" lower
on my thighs felt almost good by comparison. "Eleven" above my nipples
seemed better as well.
  They stopped! I thought they had decided I had enough and moaned, "Oh
thank you."
  She sneered, "Don't thank us yet. We are just checking you for white
spots to make you a nice even red."
  She began moving my breasts around while he caressed my pussy.
Perversely this excited me.
  She said "three more to each side of your cleavage and the underside
should redden your boobs nicely and three more on your crotch will make
that area evenly red. You owe nine but if you are brave and say 'Please
hit my breasts and pussy' we will let you off with six."
  It seemed really perverse to ask to be hit on my sensitive boobs and
crotch but I had no guarantee they would not hit them nine more times. I
sobbed and murmured "Hit my boobs and crotch." That was not good enough.
She said, "Louder and don't forget please."
  I shuddered took a deep breath and said loudly, "Please hit my boobs
and crotch."
  She grinned and said, "Remember you asked for it."
  She stepped to my side and brought her whip up from the floor to make
my tits jump up and burn violently. Before I could get my breath she
stepped in front of me to forehand and back hand my cleavage to make my
boobs burn and jerk into my armpits.
  I was crying hysterically and he let me calm down then brought his whip
down from his shoulder and around like a softball pitcher to burn and
distort my pussy lips. surprisingly it did not seem as bad and I felt the
thrill I got from masturbation. The next two close together brought about
an orgasm.
  They turned me loose I fell to the floor like Mona sobbing my heart out
while they all left me not so much from the pain as the shame I felt from
getting excited from such an ordeal.
  I must have laid there for several minutes till I could get calm enough
to go home. 
  I waited impatiently for my folks to come home so I could beg them to
move me to another school.
  Dad had taken a job washing dishes at a restaurant, since he went to
work so early he was at home at four to eat and rest till his night job
as a janitor. Mom got home at five from her job at a convenience store.
  As soon as Dad walked in the door I told him I had been beaten at
school for no reason.I was ashamed to admit I had volunteered to get
naked to be whipped and just pulled my mother aside to lift my skirt and
pull my panties over to show her my red butt. She said, "Her butt is a
little red."
  I couldn't believe her statement. I assumed my butt would be badly
bruised and ran into their bedroom to pull down my panties and look at
it. I was amazed. In two hours it had recovered until it was barely red.
 He immediately called the principal. When he got off the phone he was
angry but at me not the school.
  "Mona, you said you were spanked for no reason! Cheating is a perfectly
good reason for a spanking. I know you hate the school but I am working
my ass off and so is your Mom so we can pay off our debts so we can move.
You should be ashamed of yourself for making trouble."
  I could not believe he would side with those monsters and ran to my
room crying.
  Some time later Mom came in. She was mad at me too and said, "I know
what is wrong with you. You are a little snob and now that you can't
hobnob with your rich friends you are willing to try anything to get out.
Come with me."
  I followed her back to our combination kitchen and living room where
she said,
  "Your father and I are killing ourselves to get out of this
neighborhood, We don't need a delinquent daughter to add to our troubles
so whenever you are spanked at school you will get another spanking at
home. You said you got twenty spanks at school so you will get twenty
more."
  She pulled me over the back of a chair and Dad took a piece of kindling
out of the wood box next to the stove we used for heating and cooking.
The wood had sharp edges and even though they spanked me on top of my
clothes it hurt awful. When she let me up I ran to my room and fell into
my bed sobbing. 
  The next morning she told me Dad had called my principal to let him
know that he approved of my spanking and knew how important it was to
keep everyone in line. That really scared me because now the principal
would have no reason to hold back. I resolved to do anything possible to
avoid being spanked at school but if I was I certainly would not tell my
parents.
  That day I was very quiet in class and waited till the last minute to
walk quickly to my next class.I managed to avoid contact with everyone
till noon.
  As I was walking to lunch one of the older boys grabbed my arm and his
friends gathered around me.
  "I understand Gloria caused you to get a spanking. How is your butt?"
  "It still hurts. Let me go please. I want to go to lunch."
  "I don't think so. My friends and I want to check out your butt."
  I began to pull away saying "No! No!" but he just held on saying, "Shh,
shh. You don't want to cause a commotion like Myrna do you?"
  That scared me terribly. I realized I would not be believed any more
than Myrna was and that the principal would probably hit harder now that
he had my parent's approval. I just stood there and sobbed shaking my
head.
  I closed my eyes unable to watch their smirking faces while they pulled
up my skirt then pulled down my panties which fell to the floor.
  One of them said, "Wow look at that! Her ass is solid black and blue."
  I blushed and felt I would die of embarrassment while they turned me
around so they could see and feel the welts on my ass which of course
also let them see my pussy. One of the boys picked up my panties and
stuck them in his pocket saying my butt would feel better without them.
  Finally a teacher started coming down the hall and they let me go on to
lunch. I was too excited to eat and was terribly aware that I was no
longer wearing panties as my skirt brushed against my bare cheeks. This
added to my fear as if I was spanked now I would be naked.
  After my last class two of the boys took my arms and led me to a door
that said, "Boiler room."
  They took me inside and I was relieved to see an older man I recognized
as the janitor. I thought he would keep them from doing anything to me.
That hope was crushed when the bigger boy said, "Hey Jake. Look what we
brought you. You have never seen an ass like this."
  I tried to jerk away and yelled but the bigger boy put his hand over my
mouth and said, "If you make another noise we will whip that purple ass
with a chain! Are you going to be good?"
  I nodded my head since his hand was covering my mouth and nose so I
couldn't breathe.
  They stepped back from me then Jake said, "Let's see your ass, Baby."
  I felt sick as I realized the adults in the school would not help me
and knew I could only avoid pain by cooperating.
  I began to sob then slowly pulled up my skirt at the back but this is
not what they wanted. "No. Just take it off. We want a good look."
  I moaned but unzipped it to slide it off then stepped out of it to
clutch it to my front to hide my pussy.
  The bigger boy said, "Drop the skirt."
  I clutched it even tighter, "No I won't. I can't!"
  He went over to a bench and picked up a metal chain and said, "This
will tear hell out of that purple ass."
  I yelled "No!" and threw the skirt to the floor and stood there sobbing
with my hands over my eyes. They came over to me and I felt hands
stroking my butt and pussy while I tried to keep my legs clenched
together. I felt hands on my breasts and then cool air as I realized they
were unbuttoning my blouse. I grabbed at my blouse to hold it together
but he said, "This chain can be used on your tits too if you don't get
that blouse and bra off now."
  I saw no way out. I finished unbuttoning it and handed it to him then
reached back to unhook the bra to hand it to him too.
  Then they began to feel my breasts and pull on the nipples while other
hands began stroking my butt and pussy. I guess my conscience was
relieved since I was being forced into this because to my shame it began
to feel good. When they pulled my legs apart to have greater access to my
pussy I didn't fight them. 
  Suddenly I was further humiliated when Jake said, "She is getting in to
this guys. She is really getting a wet pussy."
  I was embarrassed because I had played with my pussy and knew it got
wet when I became excited. I protested, "No I hate this. Please let me
go."
  "No chance, Baby, You like it or you wouldn't be wet and you will fuck
us whether you like it or not."
  The only furniture in the room was an old easy chair, a workbench, and
a stool. They bent me over the back of the easy chair, Jake and the big
boy held my arms while the smaller boy stuck his dick in my pussy from
the back.
    At first it was terrible and I struggled but then I realized my arms
had been released so they could fondle my breasts and stomach. To my
utter shame I did not use them to try to hide myself because it really
began to feel good. The bigger boy then replaced the smaller one and I
felt my excitement rise even higher as he plowed his big dick into me. I
got to an orgasm much stronger than I had ever been able to have by
playing with myself and when Jake sat in the chair for the boys to put me
on his lap facing him I just gave in to let my emotions take over as he
nibbled on my nipples and spanked my butt while I bounced up and down on
his dick.
  By the time they had all cum I was covered with sweat and exhausted by
my emotions. They wiped the sweat from my body with shop rags and pushed
a shop rag into my pussy to soak up their semen. They threw my bra and
panties into a garbage can then put my blouse and skirt back on me.
  The bigger boy, who they called Rod, told me that I was never to wear
my bra or panties again in school because they would just get in the way.
  By that time the lunch period was over so I walked dazedly to my next
class. I was not able to concentrate in class at all. My nipples and
pussy were so sensitive I could feel the slightest brush of the blouse on
my nipples and cool air on my pussy.
  When I went out in the hall Rod and some other boys were waiting for
me. They put me in the center of their huddle and lifted my skirt to
fondle my butt and pussy and squeeze my breasts till the warning bell
rang to go to the last class. I went to the class humiliated and excited
at the same time. But as I sat there with my pussy still tingling my
conscience returned. I knew that I had no choice but I should not have
enjoyed the experience and should have tried harder to hide from them.
  I was sure they would be waiting for me after class so I asked the
teacher if I could leave five minutes early to catch my bus to meet my
parents. He agreed so I ran out of the school to catch a bus three blocks
down to avoid seeing any of them.
  On the bus I noticed a man staring at my breasts. I looked down and
discovered my nipples were visible under the white blouse. That made me
blush  as I remembered the teacher in my last class had spent a lot of
time looking at my chest. I grabbed my book-bag and held it in front of my
breasts but it did not stop him from grinning at me so the rest of my
trip was spent with me feeling embarrassed.
  When I got home I felt horribly dirty so I spent a lot of time in a hot
shower then used Mom's douche syringe to wash out my pussy over and over
till I was sure it was totally clean.
  I just could not go through an experience like that again especially
with the guilt I felt for actually enjoying a portion of it. 
  Dad was late getting home and was mad because he had to fix a flat tire
on the freeway with cars and trucks going by inches away. I kept getting
more emotional as I listened to him and then burst into tears and told
him I had been raped in school. About that time Mom came in and he told
her to check me out while he called the school.
  Mom had me take off my skirt and panties to lie on my back then spread
the lips of my pussy to look at it and push in a cotton swab.
  "Honey, if you have been raped there should be some of the boys cum in
you. I can't find any."
  I explained I had washed it with her douche since I felt horribly
dirty.
  "Well that douche syringe is as big as any boy's penis and with it
totally clean you have destroyed any proof of rape the hospital could
find."
  She was most concerned about my bruised butt. "Did the boys beat your
butt too?"
  "No, That came from Daddy's spanking."
  Dad walked in and I jerked the bedspread over me to hide my pussy.
  Mom said, "She has given herself a douche which probably destroyed any
evidence of rape for a hospital check and I don't think we should take
her anyway."
  She told me to turn over and then pulled off the bedspread to show him
my butt while I moaned and blushed in embarrassment.
  "Look at this. This is a result of your spanking. If we go to the
hospital we might get in trouble for child abuse."
  Dad said, "It won't be necessary anyway. I called the principal and he
laughed at the charge. He said the janitor was a nice old man and that he
knew the story was impossible because the janitor is impotent. He said
the janitor asked him if their health plan would pay for a penile implant
so he could satisfy his wife. In addition to that her story sounded
familiar, Look at this."
  He handed her a Man's magazine opened to the letters section. She read
it then handed it to me. I could hardly believe the coincidence. A girl
had written a letter very close to my experience except it was a coach
and two football players and that she had thoroughly enjoyed the
experience.
  "Daddy! I didn't read this, and it isn't like my experience. She
enjoyed it! Why would I make this up?"
  "We all know why you would make it up. It isn't going to work and you
are lucky your butt is already black and blue because if it wasn't I
would make it that way."
  They walked out of my room slamming my door leaving me devastated. My
own parents didn't believe me and after some thought I realized the
police wouldn't either. I imagined a trial where the principal was
telling a jury that Jake was a sterling character while I had needed to
be punished and then all the boy's denying they had touched me and making
up stories about how desperately I wanted to get out of school. It had
happened with Myrna so it could happen to me. I even imagined newspaper
headlines saying, "DEPRAVED TEENAGER MAKES UP SEX STORY TO GET OUT OF
SCHOOL."
  I cried myself to sleep.
  I woke up the next morning and took a shower then automatically put on
my bra and panties. Suddenly I remembered Rod telling me I should not
wear them at school and reluctantly took them off. I decided to make
myself as un-sexy as possible by wearing a big baggy sweater and loose
jeans.
  I thought it had worked, during the morning class breaks the boys
grinned at me but they didn't try to surround me as I hurried to the next
class.
  At noon they were waiting for me. They led me to the boiler room but I
just quietly cried knowing it would not do any good to fight them. By the
time I got to the door I had convinced myself that I should not feel
guilty for anything that happened since I was being forced into it.
  When we got inside there were two other boys with Jake. As soon as I
saw them I began to sob.
  I was placed in the center of the room then they gathered in front of
me. Rod said, "Okay Baby, take off the clothes. Nice and slow."
  This brought back the guilt! If they had pulled them off I could still
maintain my innocence, by taking them off myself I seemed to be offering
myself.
  "No I won't!"
  Rod just grinned and said, "Okay I'll help."
  He stepped behind me and reached around to slowly slide my sweater up
my flat stomach and then lifted my breasts as he slid it over them and
then over my head and off my arms. Somehow it was better with him doing
it and my breathing became deep and my breasts began to raise and fall
while he slowly opened my jeans then pushed them down my legs to fall on
the floor.
  He took some metal handcuffs out of his pocket and locked my hands
behind my back. This seemed to help me because it was not my fault I
could not hide my breasts and pussy with my hands while they discussed my
beautiful boobies and nice tight pussy.
  They tired of talking about them and gathered around to feel my body
and nibble on my nipples. I didn't want to get excited but I just
couldn't help it. One of the boys held up a wet finger he had buried in
my pussy and told them I was ready.
  All five of them took turns fucking me in every position they could
think of. To my utter shame I had one orgasm after another and worst of
all they knew it. One of them said, "Hey! This bitch just keeps cumming
forever."
  When they had all had their turn Rod said, "You really get off on this
stuff, Mona. When are you going to stop pretending we are forcing you to
do it."
  Down deep I knew he was right but I couldn't admit it.
  "But you are forcing me! I would never do this if I had a choice." 
  "Yeah, right! If that fantasy makes you happy. Stick with it."
  That made me feel guilty again so tears rolled out of my eyes as they
watched me dress and walk out the door.
  My pussy was so sensitive I could feel the seam in the crotch rubbing
it with each step. In my next class I tilted my pelvis forward so I could
feel the seam in the slit. I suddenly felt a twinge of guilt about what I
was doing, and more when I remembered dressing in front of the boys and
Jake. I knew I could have put on the sweater first and my whole torso
would have been covered while I put on the pants but I had put the pants
on first slowly buttoning all the buttons to leave my breasts bare as
long as possible while the boys said nice things about them.
  By the last class I was really feeling guilty and came to the
conclusion I must be a terrible slut because no girl should get orgasms
from being raped. A kid came in the room and gave the teacher a note. He
read it then brought it over to me. It said to excuse me from class to
report to the principal's office.
  I did not know why I had to go but I was sure it was not good news.
  When I got to the office his secretary hustled me through his office
then the room beyond,
  The principal glared at me then said, "As you know, your father called
me to say you had told him Jake and the boy's had raped you. This school
has enough trouble without having bitches make accusations that could get
to the news media. When I had convinced your father you were lying he
said he would not blame me if I gave you another spanking. Actually you
will be spanked every day from now on till you convince me you can keep
your big mouth shut." He looked behind me, then continued, "Since you
could have gotten Jake in big trouble I decided he should see your
punishment."
  I looked behind me to see Jake sitting in a chair grinning at me and
stroking the bulge in his pants.
  I began to beg and plead, "Please don't spank me. My bottom is still
bruised. I won't say anything. I promise! You can't spank me. I don't
have any underclothes. I'll be naked!"
  "It is not our fault you aren't wearing underclothes. What will it be?
The whip or the paddle."
  Logically I knew I should choose the paddle. As mad as they were I was
sure they would bruise my ass horribly and maybe my parents would be
sympathetic but I just didn't have the courage to suffer that much.
  I said, "I'll take the whip. How many lashes do I have to take?"
  "I am not sure. Enough to make sure you are sorry for what you have
done."
  He led me under the ropes and stepped back looking at me until I
realized he was waiting for me to undress.
  I sobbed then unbuttoned the jeans to let them slide down my legs then
slipped off my shoes so I could step out of them. Then I leaned over to
pull off the sweater. I stood there still sobbing while they attached the
cuffs to spread my legs and pull up my arms till my heels were off the
floor.
  At that moment I noticed something new had been added. I was looking
into a full length mirror to see my naked body. That gave me mixed
feelings. It added to my embarrassment to see myself so totally naked as
they could see me but at the same time I was proud of the way I looked.
The stretch had made my boobs lift up proudly and my tummy had become so
flat you could see my ribs outlining it. I looked beautiful. As good as
the professional models in my Dad's men's magazines.
  Then to my astonishment and humiliation he reached from behind me to
grab both my breasts and squeezed them till his fingers were buried in
them. I watched blushing but fascinated as the skin bulged around his
fingers.
  Jake said, "She has great tits for a girl so young doesn't she Tom?"
  "Yes, They are big but firm. They should move nicely under the whip."
  My eyes widened in fear.I remembered that they had been the source of
greatest pain and that whipping was supposedly easy. This time they were
angry. "No! You couldn't hit them. That will hurt awful!"
  "Pain is the whole idea. It won't be as bad as you think. It is still
just skin. To make up for it we won't hit your sore butt."
  They stepped to my side and began hitting the tops of my thighs. I was
surprised. It was more scary than painful, there was just a sting and
heat not nearly as bad as the paddle. They took turns hitting me and I
watched in fascination, excitement, and pain as the lashes slowly climbed
up my body leaving redness behind them. They took their time making sure
every inch of skin was reddened. I braced myself when the lashes came
across just under my tits and then they were being hit! They compressed
and bounced with each lash and to my utter amazement I found that the
whole situation of being tied, naked, and lashed by people who were
obviously enjoying it was making me very excited. 
  They moved back down to begin hitting my inner thighs alternately
slowly moving up to my crotch. I knew they would hit my pussy but I was
just being excited by the pain and found I was pushing out my pussy for
them. The first slap on my pussy brought me to orgasm. I think the woman
knew it because she began to hit it harder but I didn't care, it was
suddenly very important to me it should be hurt.
  Suddenly they stopped, leaving me to pump my hips in and out to the old
cadence of lashes.
  Jake said, "I told you she could get off on anything."
  Tom said, "I think I will keep them coming."
  At that he stepped in front of me and dropped his pants to drive his
dick in my pussy while he jerked me forward and back by gripping the
cheeks of my ass. I went from one orgasm directly to a stronger one and
continued when Jake replaced him while the woman began to join Jake in
spanking my butt with their hands in time with his deep thrusts into my
body.
  I had never had such tremendous orgasms before. I was completely
exhausted and when they removed my bonds I just knelt on the floor wet
with sweat trying to get my breath.
  They just watched me until I got calmer and crawled over to get my
clothes. When I picked up my sweater Tom stopped me. "Leave that alone.
You have a great body. We like looking at it. Come over here."
  I stood up and walked over to him where he told me to kneel in front of
him where he sat with his shorts and pants around his ankles. He took my
hands and put one on his dick and the other on Jake's. They were wet and
sticky.
  Tom said, "You made a mess of our dicks. Clean them up."
  I began to rub them with my hands but that was not what he had in mind.
  "Not that way, stupid. Use your tongue."
  "Oh no! That is gross. I couldn't."
  "Would you rather take the same amount of spanks in the same places
with the paddle?"
  I cringed at the thought of that heavy paddle hitting my tits and pussy
and bent over for a tentative lick at his dick. I was relieved that it
didn't taste bad although it had the texture of snot. When he began to
get hard again I could lick all of it and at his direction put the head
in my mouth to take it as deep as I could till he told me it was Jakes
turn.
  Jake didn't let me go till I felt his cum spurt in my mouth for me to
swallow.
  My only satisfaction was that I thought I was finally through. I was
wrong.
  Tom said, "I think all your action has excited Miss Wilcox. Clean her
up too."
  I had forgotten she was there. I looked over to see her lying on the
floor with her panties wrapped around one ankle while she dug at her
pussy with her fingers.
  I decided they would have to kill me first and told them so.
  They dragged me over to her and she grabbed my arms while I stayed on
my hands and knees holding my face as far as I could from her pussy. They
put a board between my knees to spread my legs and tightened leather
straps at the ends to my knees.
  Tom said when you are ready, start licking her pussy."
  I felt a terrible pain right on my asshole! I looked around to see them
holding leather riding crops. The next lash went right into the crack of
my pussy with the end hitting my clit. It hurt so bad it took my breath
away and I stuck my tongue in her pussy. I don't know what she used to
douche with but it tasted sweet and I was sorry I had hesitated causing
the agony to my poor pussy.
  They made me lick her till she was obviously in orgasm as they laughed
and told me to stick my tongue in deeper and to lick her asshole.
  It seemed to last forever because they made no effort to touch me to
get me excited. Finally they let me dress and go home.
  By the time I got home I felt like pure scum and didn't care what
happened to me. The only good part was that the whipping had not left any
marks except for the bruise to my pussy caused by the crop. I just went
to bed and hid under the covers. Mom checked on me but evidentally
assumed I was asleep and let me alone.
  Actually I didn't go to sleep for a long time. My mind raced over my
recent ordeal and I tried to understand. I could see no way out of it
short of killing myself. My folks obviously would not let me drop out of
school and as long as I was in it I would be facing an ordeal every day.
Unfortunately there was no escaping the fact that it was not all ordeal.
When I thought about the fucking I would find I was stroking my nipples
and pussy and becoming excited. Then I would realize that I had heard Mom
making delighted little squeals and giggling through the thin walls when
they were doing it and decided it was normal to like sex but I also knew
it was not normal to do it so much with so many different people. I
rationalized that it was not my fault since I was being forced into it
and that I was lucky to be able to enjoy it. I could not understand why I
became sexually excited from the whipping the principal and Miss Wilcox
had given me. I suddenly realized that I was getting excited just
thinking about the whipping and gave in to the feeling to rub my clitoris
and nipples till I reached a small orgasm. I decided I must have
developed some sort of defense mechanism that let me convert pain to
excitement and again I was lucky to be able to do it since there was no
way to avoid the whipping. The one thing I couldn't rationalize was the
fact that I was only one of hundreds of girls in the school. Since I had
been so easy to trap, why weren't other girls going through the same
things I was?  That made me think of the differences between me and the
other girls. My main difference was that I was an outsider. The other
girls had lived in this neighborhood for years and had formed little
cliques of friends. I had made no friends. I had made a bad impression
right away with them with my expensive clothes from our better times and
when they had made initial advances I had complained about the ratty
school and neighborhood and had sneered at the greasy boys.
  I decided that there must be strength in numbers and would have to make
friends.
  The next morning I put on my baggy jeans and sweater but decided it was
a futile gesture. I remembered that all of the other girls in the school
wore short skirts or cut-off jeans and t-shirts or half-shirts. I had
thought they looked real slutty since I was used to a dress code in my
school but decided that if I was ever to get any friends I should look
more like them.
  Since I had gone to bed so early I was up early enough to hem up one of
my skirts to mid thigh and to cut off the bottom of a t-shirt to bare my
stomach. Now I looked more like them except for the fact their jeans and
skirts were hip huggers that bared the navel. I decided to go all the way
and cut off the waistband and hemmed it too. I did not think about the
fact the waistband was shorter than the skirt below it so when I put it
on it settled down till it was made tight by the extra width of my hips.
When I turned in front of the mirror the dimples just above my butt
showed and the top part of my crotch hair was barely hidden. I looked in
the mirror and decided if anything I might look even sluttier than the
other girls but at least now I shouldn't hear them referring to me as a
nerd.
  It didn't turn out as I expected. I never had a chance to talk to the
other girls. The boys loved my sexy clothes and they gathered around me
at every break. Not only that, the girls that walked by our huddle looked
at me with pure hate if one of their boy friends was in the huddle
feeling me up.
  At noon Rod was waiting for me. I walked through the boiler room door
without waiting for him to take my arm.
  This time it was different. When I got to the center of the room I saw
two new boys, Jake, and the Coach. I was really discouraged. I thought
the coach seemed to be a nice man and I had thought about going to him
for help. I decided if he was willing to join in my humiliation there was
no-one I could go to.
  Rod went over to the bench and picked up the chain to swing it back and
forth. I watched it in dread till he said, "Are you going to be a nice
obedient girl?"
  "Yes! Yes I will. What do you want me to do?"
  He told me to take off my clothes nice and slow for them. I did and
found I was getting used to being naked and even enjoyed their
compliments about my body. I didn't protest when they had me walk around
so they could see all of me or even when they told me to face them and
spread my legs.
  Then Jake said, "Her butt is all healed up. She gets turned on with a
little whipping. Maybe she would like you boys to warm her up a little
with your belts."
  I shuddered and hated Jake. The boys were so excited just by seeing me
naked I was sure they would have been satisfied just to fuck me which in
all honesty I was looking forward to excitedly.
  Rod started swinging the chain again and said, "You would like a little
belt whipping wouldn't you?"
  I definitely would prefer that to the chain and hung my head to mumble
"Yes."
  He startled me by hitting the chain on the bench really hard and said,
"Yes, what?"
  I jerked upright and said quickly, "Yes. I want them to spank me with
their belts."
  He grinned at my submission and said, "On your butt?"
  "Yes"
  "On your thighs?"
  "Yes."
  "On your tits?"
  "Oh God! Yes if you have to."
  "And on your pussy."
  The boys eyes widened at that and two of them grabbed their dicks as I
pleaded. "Please. Oh Please no."
  He ignored me, "On your pussy!"
  I sobbed and moaned, "Yes."
  One of the boys said," How do we decide who whips her first?"
  Rod said, "We can all do it at once. Each of us can take a place then
after a swat move on to another place."
  Jake handed Rod a rope he tied around my wrists then threw over a pipe
in the ceiling to pull me up tight. Thankfully they wrapped a shop towel
around my wrists first so the rope would not cut me.
  Once I was hung up they began feeling my body.It really felt good and I
became excited.I was again ashamed when one of the boys said, "God! Her
pussy is sopping wet!"
  Rod said, "That means she is ready for her whipping."
  Two stood by my sides, Rod stood in front of me and another one stood
behind me. Then there was a sharp sting at the crack of my butt from the
guy behind followed closely by a lash across my belly-button then across
my breasts and finally Rod brought his belt up from the floor to sting my
pussy.
  I have no idea how many times I was hit since I was getting them three
or four times at once making my butt, boobs, and even my pussy shuddering
under their belts but at least they weren't too hard and I began to pant
in excitement as thrills went through my body.
  Rod hit my pussy with a hard uppercut that seemed to go deep inside me
that made a loud "Splat" then said, "She is ready. My belt got wet."
  They must have planned this in advance because I was puzzled to see him
drop his pants to spread petroleum jelly on his dick. I was wet enough
not to need it.
  I understood when he stepped behind me and began pushing the head of
his dick against my puckered asshole. Just as it began to force it's way
in another boy stepped in front of me and slid his dick into my sopping
pussy.
  I could never have imagined an experience like that. I felt stuffed
inside as their dicks slid past each other in my body. I began to orgasm
right away and kept it up when they came, to be replaced by the coach in
my pussy and the other boy in my butt. The coach lasted a lot longer than
the boy in my butt so Jake replaced him as I pushed back and forth to get
them into me as deep as possible.
  When they had all cum they sat on the floor watching me still pushing
and pulsating as I came down from an impossible high with my sweat and
their cum dripping off me.
  I finally calmed down to see Jake passing out rags so they could wipe
off their dicks and then brought out a hose to wash me down with cold
water that made me squeal and become wide awake as I shivered from the
cold which seemed to increase when he pushed the nozzle into my pussy and
then my ass till my guts began to hurt and my stomach swelled. When he
took the nozzle out of my ass I was humiliated again when brown water
shot out of my ass while making farting noises that made the boys laugh.
  He washed the brown water off my legs then one of the boys came over
and said, "I want a souvenir of this." He pinched some of my pussy hair
and jerked it out to stuff it in his wallet. The others thought that was
a good idea so they came over to jerk out their own tufts. 
  Finally they let me down to dress. I felt better when they hugged and
kissed me till the warning bell rang because I thought they may have been
disgusted by the way I had to shit on myself after the enema.
  I ran to the next class to avoid another huddle. After class I went
into the bathroom and when alone lifted my shirt to be amazed to see
almost all the red was gone from the whipping in only an hour.
  I walked out of the bathroom right into a huddle of boys. This time I
just gave in to it and put my hands on their shoulders while they mauled
my breasts and pinched my nipples while they pushed their fingers into my
pussy. Evidentally one of the boys bragged about their souvenir because
fingers not in my pussy began to jerk out pussy hair while I went into
orgasm.
  I walked into the next class so dazed I could not concentrate on
anything. Fortunately the teacher did not ask me any questions. I became
alert again toward the end of the class to realize my next stop was the
principals office.
  I decided nothing worse could happen to me. I had been whipped,
sodomized, given a douche and enema, and several boys had felt me up and
ripped out all my pussy hair. What more could they do?
  When I walked in Jan, the principal's secretary gave me a big hug then
twirled me around while saying, "Look at how she is dressed Tom! I told
you she was a real slut at heart."
  I had made a big effort to convince myself I was not a slut. This
really hurt. I protested, "No I'm not! I dressed like this to be like the
other girls so they would like me."
  She grabbed me from behind and pulled up my shirt with one hand and my
skirt with the other saying, "I suppose none of the other girls wear
underwear."
  Tom joined in saying sarcastically, "Yeah sure! None of them wear
underwear and they shave their pussies to make sure nothing is hidden.
Right Mona?"
  "Rod told me I couldn't wear underwear, and the boys pulled out my hair
for souvenirs."
  "I see, but it was nothing you felt like complaining about to me or any
of the teachers was it?"
  I began to sob, "I was afraid if I made a fuss I would be punished like
Myrna."
  Jan joined in, "Good example. Myrna took the worst kind of punishment
rather than bare herself. On the other hand you made it very easy for the
boys to see your charms. Don't you think we know you stood quietly while
the boys felt you up during the breaks? Several girls have told us about
you including Myrna."
  I really began to cry. It was true. I knew at the time I might get
another spanking but the boys would have let me alone if I made a big
fuss since they had left Myrna alone after her fuss and spanking. I also
knew being felt up in the hall had excited me and that I had to be a slut
to enjoy having them all fuck me.
  I began to wail, "It's true. I am a slut! I loved having them look at
me and fuck me and even whip me. It made me crazy with excitement. What
is going to happen to me? I would like to run away but I have no money."
  Jan held me and patted my head. "There. There. It is alright. It is a
gift to be so sensual. It can make you rich in the oldest and most
enjoyable profession."
  I suddenly realized what she meant. "You think I should be a whore?"
  "No of course not. That is much too harsh a word. You should be a play
girl and we can help you with a little more training. You are pretty
enough to be a model in the men's magazines."
  I had seen the girls in Dad's magazines and was flattered she thought I
was that pretty and said "You mean they are all whores?"
  Jan said. "Damnit. Forget that word. Whores work the streets and will
do anything. They are playgirls and only make love to nice rich men."
  It seemed to make sense. They said they would protect me from the boys
at school and teach me how to become rich. They said they would keep my
money for me until I had graduated then tell my folks I had a job that
paid enough for me to have my own apartment.
  From then on I was told to tell my folks I had a job tutoring after
school that would pay ten dollars and I would be home at six.
  My folks were happy to have the extra money coming in.
  Every day after school they took me to the principal's home so I could
learn everything about making men or women excited. I was rewarded by
fantastic orgasms which seemed to be easier to get. I also learned not to
hide the excitement I received from spankings or whippings.
  In a few weeks they decided I was ready. I was given a note saying I
was going on a field trip to the capital and would be brought home by
nine.
  It turned out to be a great experience. The man they sent me to was
nice looking for an older man and just wanted to take nude photos of me.
  He kept telling me how pretty I was and fondling me as he moved me from
pose to pose until I admitted he was making me very excited and asked him
to fuck me. It was great. He put me on his lap facing him so I could move
to create the most excitement to my clit and I found older men could last
more than twice as long as boys to let me have satisfying orgasms.
  The next day Jan asked me how long I was at his place and what I had
done and wrote it in a little notebook. She explained the man would be
billed for my work and asked if he had made any other demands. I told her
that he was satisfied by the pictures and that I had convinced him to
fuck me.
  She said he may have wanted more if I had cuddled up to him after the
fuck and that I was being paid by the hour for modeling plus anything
else I did.
  Naturally I began to have more "Field trips," and other extra-
curricular work. My folks were delighted by the extra money I was
bringing home and the fact I had become more interested in my school.
  They had quite a list of clients. I ended up with another wardrobe at
school since most of the clients wanted me dressed and made up to look as
young as possible or other special costumes. I was having a ball! All the
men complimented me on my looks and some of them even went down on me to
guarantee my orgasm.
  My modeling work changed from just cameras to cam-corders so they could
capture my movements. At first there was little pain involved since they
mostly liked me to dance naked for them or just be tied in positions to
show off my body.
  Eventually I found I was not the only girl in the school doing this.
One afternoon when I went to the principal's office Gloria was there. 
  We were told that we were going to something special. They had us dress
in light blouses and skirts that would be easy to rip off and said we
were to act like we were mad at each other and wrestle around till we had
ripped off each other's clothes then I was to pull Gloria onto my lap and
spank her for awhile then she would get away and hit me with a belt till
I agreed to lick her pussy.
  It was really exciting! We were all sweaty by the time I got her on my
lap and spanked her butt till it was real red. She jumped up and began
hitting me all over with a little leather belt while I ran around in
small circles to stay in camera range. I let her whip me till I was
covered with little welts to get me near orgasm then yelled, "Don't hit
me anymore. I'll eat your pussy. I ate her till my face was covered with
her juices and she was yelping with pleasure. It must have got really
exciting for the photographer too because he left his camera to fuck me
doggy style while I ate her to let me have fabulous orgasms.
  The next day Jan said the man was really happy with us and had given us
a hundred dollar bonus. I had enjoyed the session so much I would have
done it for nothing.
  The next two appointments were almost boring since it was just modeling
with straight sex.
  The next appointment more than made up for it.
  When I went to the principal's office Gloria, Rod, and Buck, one of the
football players were there. We were told we had a major assignment the
next night and were given notes to take to our folks saying we had agreed
to help the decorating committee get the gym ready for a dance and that
the principal would bring us home. Gloria and I were to be wearing sexy
clothes and be in a set that looked like a girl's bedroom. Myrna would be
there and we were to try to convince her how great sex was. We were to
tell Myrna we had some boys coming up and she could find out how it felt
to suck cocks and get butt-fucked. Jan said, "Myrna hates both sucking
cock and sodomy so would refuse. You will act like you are mad at her for
being so uncooperative and hang her up to a fixture in the ceiling and
whip her till she begs you to let her suck cock. When she does, tie her
to a table so Rod can put his dick in her mouth while Buck butt-fucks
her."
  I said, "I am really surprised. I thought Myrna hated both sex and
whipping."
  "She does, that is the whole idea. You girls get off on spanking and
whipping. The client wants a girl that really hates it so it will look
more real. Myrna has a drug habit and will do anything for money to
support it. She knows she will be whipped but doesn't know about the sex.
This will be new for her since her other assignments have just been
spankings by her "Grandfather or a policeman."
  It was great! Gloria and I were getting to be good actresses. We were
dressed in micro-skirts and half-shirts while Myrna was in what looked
like a school uniform with a white blouse buttoned to the neck and a long
blue skirt with bobby-sox and sandals.
  We sat on the bed and told her how great sex was and that we had some
boys coming up to show her. She protested.
  "No I don't want to! I am a virgin. I just agreed to a spanking for
telling on you at school."
  Evidentally Jan had told her that was all that was going to happen.
  As planned we hooked some panty-hose over a big light fixture in the
ceiling and tied her wrists to the feet while she stood on a stool. When
we pulled out the stool her toes barely touched the floor.
  She realized there was going to be more involved than just a spanking
on her panties when Gloria went to a drawer and brought back a scissors
to begin cutting off her clothes. She began to yell, "No don't do that!
Just hold up my skirt and spank my panties."
  Gloria and I ignored her and when Gloria would cut through a seam I
would rip off her clothes till she hung there naked and sobbing.
  Her eyes widened and she began to cry when Gloria took a couple of
leather thonged whips out of the drawer and handed me one of them. "No.
No! I thought you were just going to spank me with your hands!" 
  Gloria said, "This is for your own good. A hand spanking might not be
enough for you to agree to what you need for a great orgasm."
  About then there was a knock on the door and Gloria said, "Oh good! The
boys are here."
  Myrna began to cry, "No! Don't let them in! I am naked!"
  I ignored her and opened the door to let them in. Rod and Buck came in
to go over to her to squeeze her breasts and stick their fingers in her
pussy while she howled.
  Gloria said, "Why don't you guys show her your fun tools to bring her
ecstasy."
  Myna stared at them sobbing and flinched when Rod's hard dick flipped
out of his shorts.
  Gloria said, "Wow look at that Myrna. Rod's dick will go down your
throat and Buck's up your ass."
  Myrna had kept her legs clenched together to hide her pussy but now she
forgot about modesty as she kicked and twisted in the effort to break
loose.
  The photographer turned off the camera to get us a big heavy pipe with
manacles on the ends to hold her legs apart. Then he turned the camera
back on while the boys held her legs apart so we could put on the
manacles which spread her legs widely apart and the weight stretched her
body to flatten her stomach and tighten her breasts.
  Gloria said, "You can make this easy or hard. We are going to whip you
till you beg Rod to let you suck his dick."
  Myrna cried "No! Never! You will have to kill me."
  We started out pretty easy but it was obvious that was not enough
because she just kept Moaning "No." over and over. We began hitting her
harder until her whole torso and especially her breasts, ass, and pussy
were crisscrossed with red lines. After about fifty lashes she passed out
still moaning, "No."
  Gloria said, "Now what are we going to do?"
  The photographer said, "I have a cure for that."
  He told us to take her down and tie the pipe to the ceiling to hang her
upside down as that would bring the blood back to her head. We did while
the camera ran then tied her hands behind her back and her elbows
together to push out her tits. The photographer said that would be better
since her tits could flop better when hit.
  She came to shortly after we had her tied in the new position. She was
devastated to find passing out would not end her ordeal. When Gloria
stood behind her to bring the lash down on her gaping pussy while I stood
at her side whipping her tits she finally gave up and began to scream,
"Stop! Stop! I'll do it. I'll suck his dick!"
  "Gloria came around to her front and said, "That isn't good enough. Say
Rod please let me suck your dick. I will drink all of your cum."
  Rod didn't help her when he said, "I have been saving up. I have a
bunch of cum for you to drink." 
  By now she was totally demoralized and whimpered, "Please let me suck
your dick. I will drink your cum. I promise!"
  Gloria reminded her, "Ask Buck to fuck your ass."
  She moaned then whimpered, "Yes Buck. Please fuck my ass."
  We let her down and then asked if she needed to be tied up to the table
or if she would cooperate. She begged us not to tie her and that she
would be good.
  She laid down on the coffee table face up and whimpered while Buck put
petroleum jelly on his dick then used his fingers to shove more of it in
her ass-hole. Buck began to inch his dick into her ass while holding her
legs open and forward then Rod pulled her head back by her hair to push
his dick in her mouth while saying. "If you bite me, bitch, I will knock
your teeth out."
  She shook her head with her mouth ovaled around his dick. You could see
her stomach jump as she gagged when his dick hit her throat but she was
finally able to swallow it which was obvious when her nose pressed into
his balls.
  All this got Gloria and I so excited we started a sixty nine on the rug
to go into fantastic orgasms.
  When we sat up the boys were sitting on the bed getting their breath
while watching Myrna still lying on the table with tremors going through
her body.
  Gloria said "You did good Myrna. You deserve a treat."
  She began licking Myrna's clitoris spreading her cunt lips wide and I
joined in to lick and nibble on her nipples.
  This got the boys excited again and just as Myrna began to go into
orgasms Rod pulled Gloria aside and began to fuck Myrna while Buck laid
on the floor so I could bury his dick in my pussy while Gloria settled
her pussy over his mouth.
  It turned out Myrna really had been a virgin. When Rod pulled out his
dick there was blood on it from her hymen being torn.
  When we had recovered and on the way home Myrna said, "Sex is
wonderful! My mother lied to me! She said it hurt awful and would make me
sick. I feel stupid for taking all those spankings instead of fucking.
Even the whipping is much better than spanking. I am not even sore.
Spankings left pain for days."
  From that point on Myrna was more than happy to indulge in any sort of
sex. It still worked out though because unlike Gloria and I she could
never get excited from pain although she was willing to accept it if the
money was right to support her "Crack" habit. At least she kept me away
from drugs. Gloria and I were getting rich while she always needed more
money for drugs. I knew I would never let myself get hooked when I saw
her get so desperate for money she agreed to be tied up for a photo
session in a way Gloria and I refused.
  They put fish hooks through the lips of her pussy then ran line from
them to tie her hands behind her back. Then they put two more fish hooks
in her nipples to tie to the ceiling pulling the lines so tight her
breasts were nearly touching her chin. She endured that for a half-hour
session crying all the time while Gloria and I spanked the sides of her
tits and her gaping pussy with heavy rubber straps.
  Gloria and I hardly ever got whipped anymore unless we whipped each
other. The clients always wanted someone young and innocent looking that
were good criers. Tom and Jan evidentally kept recruiting girls and boys.
A new girl or boy would show up at the sessions.
  One new girl named Patty was a real hit with the photographers. She was
fifteen but since she was skinny and had real little tits she looked
about ten by the time they had plucked most of the hair off her pussy
then shortened what was left. She was a real good little actress even
though she got off on pain it always looked like she was really
suffering. 
  One session got pretty rough for all of us since we had no advance
knowledge of what would happen.
  They had dressed her as a camp fire girl selling cookies. Gloria and I
just wore robes. When she knocked on the door we let her in then felt her
up and said she was cute and that we wanted to see her naked. She looked
bashful and scared when she refused. We told her she was naughty for not
obeying her elders and held her over a chair while we spanked her lace
trimmed panties until she agreed to take off her clothes.
  She was great! She managed to blush while she stood in front of us
quietly crying with her hands over her pussy while Gloria and I commented
on her skinny body. Then I told her we wanted to see more and told her to
put her hands on her butt and push her pussy out so we could see it.
  Naturally she looked frightened and shook her head so Gloria grabbed
her hands then turned around to pull Patty up on her back so I could whip
Patty with a willow switch until she agreed to obey.
  We had her pose in all kinds of revealing poses then had her lie on her
back with her legs spread to hold her pussy lips apart with her fingers. 
  Gloria walked over to her and stuck her big toe in Patty's pussy. Patty
brought her legs back down and flipped over on her stomach sobbing
loudly. Gloria sat on her legs and pulled her upright by her arms so I
could whip her little tits and pussy until she cried, "Don't hit me
anymore! I'll be good."
  We had her lie on her back again and then Gloria got a vibrating dildo
that she seemed to have to force into Patty's pussy. We tied a rope
around her waist then another through her crotch to hold the vibrating
dildo deep in her pussy with the rope chafing the lips of her pussy. Her
eyes were glazed as I led her around on her hands and knees with a leash
going to a dog collar around her throat.
  Then Gloria sat on the edge of the couch and told Patty to crawl over
to her and kiss her pussy. Patty sobbed but did it. She was just giving
baby kisses to it so Gloria told her to use her tongue and that I would
whip her butt till she did it right. I whipped her butt and the lips of
her pussy pouting around the rope until Gloria came.
  Suddenly the door crashed open and a huge man came in yelling, "What
the hell are you doing to my daughter! We'll see how you bitches like
it."
  Gloria and I were scared to death. For all we knew he really was her
father. I caught on when I noticed we were still being filmed.
  He grabbed me and Gloria then wrapped soft rope around our wrists and
pulled us up to the ceiling back to back. He took off his belt and
wrapped it around our waists and buckled it to flatten our butts
together. He stepped back through the door to bring back a long braided
whip to give to Patty. She whipped us with the dildo still stuck in her
pussy. When she hit Gloria's breasts the end came around to hit mine. We
were really striped and in a lot of pain and excitement when he gave us
an out. He said, "Are you girls ready to fuck me and suck my dick."
  Of course we were more than ready so readily agreed. 
  He took off his clothes while Patty let us loose. We stared at his dick
in total amazement. It was huge! The head was as big as my fist and it
was about ten inches long. I was lucky, he decided to fuck my pussy
rather than my ass and better yet laid on his back so I could take my
time to stuff that monster in me. I could feel myself stretch to
accommodate it and even though I was sopping wet I had to work it in inch
by inch. Once it was in he grabbed my tits to bounce me up and down on it
till he decided to have Patty sit on his mouth while he told Gloria to
lick his balls and ass.
  After he came he had Patty and I lick his dick until it was hard then
told Gloria to suck it. Poor Gloria could only get about a third of it in
her mouth and her stomach convulsed with her gagging as he jerked on her
head to get it in as deep as possible. I knew she was suffering so I slid
under her legs to eat her pussy so she could get some pleasure out of it.
I felt a tongue in my pussy and looked down to see Patty eating me while
she plunged the electric dildo in her pussy.
  The photographer was delighted with our performance and said we would
all get a bonus.
  I was having a great time and making gobs of money but I guess nothing
that good could last forever.
  The next day at school one of the gang girls called me a whore and I
called her a sleazy bitch. In moments we were in a fight with both of us
trying to rip each other's hair out.
  The principal broke it up to the chagrin of all the boys that had
gathered since we had torn each other's shirts to bare our boobs.
  He took us immediately to the punishment room which didn't bother me
since I knew I would just end with orgasms but the other girl, Jean,
seemed really scared. She tried to tell him the fight was my fault and
she was just trying to protect herself but he said a witness told him
Jean had started it.
  To my surprise he said that only Jean would be punished badly enough to
keep her from ever wanting to start a fight. It turned out that I had a
date with someone that night who wanted a girl with white unmarked skin
which was me.
  Jean was really pissed-off. She began screaming that it wasn't fair. If
she had to be punished I should be too. He just ignored her and gave her
no options. He made her strip then tied her hanging from the ceiling with
her legs spread so far you could see the stretched tendons in her thighs
and her pussy open enough to see the pink inner parts.
  She whimpered, "How many spanks will I get?"
  He said, "No spanks. You will get fifty lashes from each of us."
  She yelled, "No! No! That will kill me!"
  "No, you will just wish you were dead and you will never start another
fight."
  I began to feel sorry for her. Even I had never taken a hundred lashes
all at once.
       He got on one side of her and she got on the other. They started
at the top with him hitting across her shoulder blades causing her to
flinch forward just right to meet the lash to the top of her tits.
  They kept that rhythm right down to her thighs then paused for a drink
of water while we watched her sweating red body shuddering from her sobs.
  They hadn't really hit her hard and I began to think they were trying
to make her excited but it didn't seem to be working.
  She finally calmed enough to say. "That was awful. I am glad it is
over."
  He said, "Not even close. That was only forty."
  "Oh no! I can't take any more. My whole body is on fire!"
  I laughed and said, "You are such a wimp! They aren't even hitting
hard. I thought you were supposed to be a tough bitch. They hit me twice
that hard and I didn't carry on like you."
  She stared at me with hate that turned to fear when he said, "Mona is
right. We were going easy since we decreed so many but I think Mona
should give her the next twenty so she will know we were giving her a
break."
  I jumped at the chance. My head still hurt from her yanking my hair and
I had a tummy ache from one of her punches.
  I stood at her side and forehanded her front and back-handed her back.
Now it was different. No more moans, She screamed at each one that left
angry welts. The only good part was that I hit fast so it was all over in
less than a minute.
  They let her hang for a minute to calm again then she looked at me and
said, "I'll get you for this. You bitch!"
  The principal said "Jean, You are a slow learner. When we are done you
will swear you will never try to get even."
  They were brutal! He stood behind her while his secretary stood in
front. He brought up the whip to hit her crotch so hard one of the thongs
stuck briefly in her puss while she hit the side of her breast. From then
on they got into a routine with one hitting her pussy or tender inner
thighs while the other hit a breast.
  She screamed until she was hoarse then became so exhausted she would
just shudder at each lash.
  When they let her down she just collapsed to the floor.
  When I said, "Wow! You guys really hurt her. When she comes to she will
be hating me. Is it okay if I leave before she comes to?"
  "Maybe you should. We'll put salve on her and let her rest on the bed
the rest of the day."
  For the rest of the week Jean left me alone except for glares of hate.
  On thursday The principal gave me a letter to my folks saying I would
be going on a field trip for the weekend. He told me that he actually had
a client who wanted to use all of us and for me to meet them at the
school Saturday morning as they would be using a bus.
  The client who had wanted me unmarked had just given me a hand -
spanking and a short fuck that didn't give me an orgasm so I was anxious
for this group session and arrived early.
  In a little while three other girls showed up and we got in to the
mini-bus for the trip. The principal said that thanks to our good work we
were going to be in a major production. It was a movie called "The
Penitants," and was about a religeous cult who believed that people could
be saved from hell by accepting punishment on earth. He said the
punishments would be no worse than we had already experienced and that we
would be paid $2000.00. The money did not mean much to me since it just
went into a savings account I couldn't touch until I graduated and moved
away from home but it sounded exciting.
  Gloria became worried saying, "My father rents porno tapes. If he sees
me in a porno film he will kill me."
  The principal said, "There is no chance of that. This film will never
be in a rental place. Sadism is against the law in this state. It will be
only sold to people of discerning taste."
  Gloria and I were relieved even though my folks would never look at
porno I couldn't be sure their friends and relatives would feel that way.
  We went way up in the mountains then through a locked gate to go about
a mile to a huge log house.
  We were shown to our rooms and told to put on the clothes on the bed. I
was puzzled. There was a black dress that buttoned to the neck and
reached to my ankles black stockings with elastic tops that reached
nearly to my crotch and black cotton slip, panties, and bra. It seemed
strange to wear so many clothes for a porno movie but when I had them on
it reminded me of the outfits Amish women wear which fit with the
religeous scenario.
  We were taken downstairs to a bar room where I met my "Parents." I
recognized the man from a porno tape one of the boys rented on one of our
nights off. I was offered a drink and accepted the suggestion of a Harvey
Wallbanger. It tasted good and I felt really grown up drinking it with my
"Parents." My "Father" was real good looking and I remembered he had a
huge dick. I hoped the movie included incest so he would fuck me.
  The director came in and said that we had no lines in this segment and
our role would just to be shy and submissive. The man playing the cult
leader would give a sermon then our fathers would offer his wife and
daughter for salvation. They had stock footage of audiences which would
be spliced in for the scenes since they couldn't afford to hire that many
extras. We would be brought up on the stage and stripped then a loincloth
would be put on and we would be given thong whips.
  In the next segment we would be marched up a path while we whipped
ourselves and chanted "Forgive me,save me, or whatever. We should try to
hit hard enough to get our backs red. Whoever was hitting hardest would
get most of the camera time. I thought I could be a star and planned to
hit hard.
He said the third segment would be self-explanatory and we would need no
direction.
  We went into the main room that had a stage with a podium and benches
for us to sit on. A big man in a black robe went to the podium and
started the sermon. He was really good. He had a big booming voice and
reminded me of the hell-fire preachers Mom watched sometimes on TV.
  It soon became obvious that only women and girls neeeded punishment. He
lectured that feminism had ruined the world and was against the Bible
scriptures and marriage vows. At the end he yelled, "Are your women ready
to be saved?"
  My "Father." stood up and yelled with the other "Fathers," "Yes! They
must suffer to be saved." My "Mother yelled "Amen!" so I did too.
  My "Father" took his "Wifes" and my hand and led us up on the stage
with the other women and girls.
  When we were on the stage the leader boomed out, "Let you be as naked
as Eve the original corrupter."
  My "Mother" started unbuttoning her dress so I joined her. Now the
costume made sense. Even if we had hurried all the buttons and
underclothes forced a slow strip I knew would excite an audience.
  When we were finally naked men brought out our loincloths. I expected
the strips of cloth like the Indians wore but this was just a thick rope
he tied around my waist then brought the end through my legs to be jerked
into the crack of my butt and into the slit of my pussy. Finally he
pulled my pussy lips open and tucked in the rope. I gasped at the feel of
the rough braid against my clit. He handed me a whip and I followed the
others down the aisle to the door. Every step stimulated my clit and I
was sure if I walked long enough I would cum. 
  As soon as the last girl went through the door the director yelled,
"Cut" and explained he wanted the next segment to start at dawn and we
should get to bed early.
  I was disappointed. I was very excited and was sure the rope combined
with the whip would soon have me in orgasm.
  We took off the ropes and just put on the dress to go to the bar before
dinner. I stuck with my "Mother" and told her I was really excited to be
in a real movie since I had only been in videotaped amateur ones. She
said, "You are starting out in a rough one. Have you been whipped?"
  "Oh yes. Several times. At first it was terrible but now I find it is
so exciting the pain doesn't matter."
  "You may be ahead of me. I started out at fifteen in soft-porn nudist
and beach movies but I found out the rougher the picture the more it paid
and was more exciting. Last year I was in a horror movie about the witch
hunts in Salem and was stripped to be hung from a tree and whipped. I was
really dreading it but couldn't resist the money. To my surprise the
experience was really exciting and I asked my agent to find more roles
like it."
  "Oh I know what you mean. Just straight sex doesn't make me orgasm
anymore. I need the pain and it seems the worse the pain the stronger the
orgasms."
  I hope you are right. My agent told me that in this film my skin would
not just turn red but would be welted. He gave me a chance to back out
but I just have to know if a real whipping will be even more exciting
than the little ones that almost got me to orgasm."
  "It is! I keep getting stronger and stronger orgasms that make me push
out my pussy and breasts to feel the sting of the whip."
  She looked shocked. "Oh God! They hit your pussy and breasts? That must
hurt awfully. I have only been whipped on my back, butt and thighs. This
may be too much for me."
  "No it won't. Think about it. It isn't exciting to have your back
kissed or fondled and even your butt if it isn't close to your pussy. It
is the same with a whip. All your sexy nerves are around your nipples and
pussy. If you almost came from lashes to your butt I can guarantee you
will when your front is hit as long as they start out fairly easy so your
excitement can cancel the pain."
  "Oh yes. I understand. I remember now that the most exciting pain was
at the base of my butt close to my pussy."
  We went into dinner and my "Mother" must have been a star because the
director and producer sat at our table.
  I asked the director why we would be hitting ourselves on the path. If
he wanted red backs and butts it would be better to have us hit the girl
in front of us. 
  He explained the story was based on fact. There really was people in
Italy that flogged themselves on the way to being crucified to mimic
Christ's suffering. They even wore crowns of thorns but they had decided
to leave off that detail since it would cut the foreheads.
  I agreed that would just be painful but that I had noticed that all the
girls had large breasts and a large rose garden. It might be real sexy to
have a branch coiled around our breasts and since the thorns were little
it wouldn't cause much damage.
  He loved the idea and stood up to tell everyone about my idea and
offered a hundred dollar bonus if we agreed to it. The girls from my
school had been picked because pain excited them and agreed with a cheer.
The mothers reluctantly agreed.
  The next morning men in black robes put on our rope loincloths. I was
not the only one to ask that it be pulled tighter. 
  We were lined up in the same order as we were when we walked out of the
"Church."
  The men in Black robes which included our "Fathers" had a new line.
They told us to stick out our chests and take a deep breath.
  The man in front of me had two rose branches. He wrapped each around
each breast tight enough to indent the skin and swell the outer part of
my breast to hold it in place then tied it together with a piece of
string. I felt every little thorn puncture the skin as they were wrapped
around and even more as he pulled on the branch to slide the string under
to tie it. I was fully excited and could barely concentrate on our
instructions to take steps in time to a drum and with each step bring our
whips over our shoulders to hit our backs.
  It was a slow walk. The drum was hit about every two seconds and then
the sound of slaps as our whips hit our backs.
  The whips were just two soft leather thongs coming out of a handle. It
didn't hurt much and I found I was reaching back as far as I could to let
the ends snap into my ass crack which caused my tits to jump and move the
thorns to make new pain. 
  I got so excited it was hard to only hit at the sound of the drum.
  I noticed Gloria who was in front of me raised her left arm in the air
and began bringing the whip around her side to let the ends of the thongs
snap against her stomach. I tried it and it was much more exciting
especially when I hit my right breast to make the thorns bite or between
my legs to hit tender inner thighs or on my pussy. 
  I became so excited I didn't hear the director yell "Cut" and almost
ran into Gloria.
  When I calmed down a bit I looked at the crest of the hill in front of
us. I expected to see large crosses but instead there were eight big "Xs"
made of four by fours and set into cement. There were leather straps
bolted to the ends of the "X." My "Mother behind me whimpered, "Oh I was
hoping there would be crosses so I could keep my legs together. They must
plan to hit our pussies."
  I said excitedly, "Yes! You'll see. These soft whips will just get you
terribly excited. You'll cum and cum some more."
  The director said, "Okay. Here is the scene. You will be fastened face
out to the  audience and then the cult leader will make his speech ending
with the statement that the whole group should punish you. Eight guys
will go up to you and whip you from the sides so they will not block our
view. When your guy has given you five lashes he will move to the girl on
your right and a new guy will start. We only have ten guys so the end guy
will go out of camera range to be fitted with a new beard and wig then
start over. I am hoping each girl can take at least a hundred lashes
before fainting or faking a faint. All the girls that can take a hundred
will get a $500.00 bonus. 
  "I said, "Oh God. I have never taken a hundred. What if I only get to
ninety-nine?"
  "Sorry about that. A hundred is the minimum. This is the high point of
the movie. After this you supposedly have learned your lesson and will
just agree to suck or fuck anyone who wants it without protest."
  He wanted close-ups of each being stretched on the "X" so we had to
wait our turn since they just had two cameras.
  When we were all hung up now in the hot sun the cameras moved back for
a long shot of us moaning and whimpering in our bondage.
  Then he said, "Now is when you can show your acting skills. The girls
who appear to be suffering the most will get more of the close-ups. You
can also have lines. If you can take it harder you can yell, Harder! I
need to be punished. Or Harder, Help me be saved. I have to warn you that
if you ask for harder you will get it."
  The men began whipping us and it really stung but it was just exciting
me. Then I noticed the cameras were concentrating on screaming girls and
it seemed stupid to be whipped and not be seen. I began screaming too and
when a camera was pointed at me I yelled, "Harder. Let me be saved!" The
man hit much harder which just increased my excitement and now my screams
were from the need to get to orgasm. When the next man hit me across my
breasts and immediately after to my pussy. I screamed "Yes! They should
be punished!" From then on everyone hit my breasts and pussy as I finally
got over the edge into orgasm.
  I couldn't cum forever and finally I became so exhausted I honestly
fainted.
  It turned out that no-one took a hundred but the director said that I
had been fabulous and would still get the bonus.
  The rest of the movie was kind of blah. We just had to fuck or suck
anyone who could get it up and even fake fucking guys that couldn't get
hard. I never got to cum because we would be stopped to change positions
or wait until a camera was moved. It was easy to see why some guys
couldn't maintain hard-ons. 
  I never got to fuck my "Father" who had the biggest dick which he could
keep hard forever. I relly wanted to fuck him so I suggested a scene to
the director.
  "I have an idea that may be exciting. Why don't you have my "Father"
tell me to suck his dick. I will say, "Never! You can't make me do it.
That is incest." Then men will grab me and hang me from the ceiling with
my legs pulled apart and I can be whipped until I agree to it."
  I was disappointed when he said, "I don't think we need it. We have
gobs of whipping and they will be flashbacked throughout the movie when a
girl hesitates."
  "Yeah but those whippings just turned our skin red. This could really
be severe. If he used a big willow switch it would cause welts and your
audience will know I am really being hurt."
  "I don't know. We are running short on film and I am over budget so I
couldn't pay you any more. Besides it wouldn't last long. You passed out
from the easy whip and it would take time to set up."
  "I don't want any more money. It is enough to have a major scene. If I
am hung upside down I can't faint and you can hit me as long as you want.
Even if I agree to suck his dick he can say I have not suffered enough
and say I have to take more. The only thing I ask is that I get twenty or
so on my stomach and thighs to work up enough excitement to be able to
take the terrible ones on my breasts and pussy."
  "God. I can imagine a switch burying itself in your breasts and pussy.
You have a deal!"
  I began to have second thoughts when I saw them putting hooks way apart
in the ceiling that would hold my legs wide open and when a man came in
stripping leaves off a willow limb about six feet long but I had come up
with the idea and couldn't back out. I was so nervous though it took six
takes to get my lines right and look angry.
  Men took me over to the ropes and I struggled as I had been told. When
leather cuffs were on my ankles men pulled down on the ropes to pull me
into the air. There was a strain on my hips and tendons in my thighs were
pulled tight to create a lot of pain even before being whipped then my
arms were tied behind my back to push out my breasts.  
  He started whipping my butt while yelling "You will learn to obey." It
really hurt. Too much to create excitement. The pain went deep and my
butt was on fire when he started on my stomach to create a terrible
stinging and burning.
  He hit my breasts! The pain was indescribable made worse because it was
happening right in front of my eyes. I let out a blood curdling scream
and then yelled "No! No!" but he ignored me and kept hitting them to make
them burn and throb. They began to swell from the terrible punishment
just as he brought it down on my left pussy lip with the tip digging into
the tender inner side of my right butt cheek. I suddenly rembered my line
and screamed, "No more! I'll suck your dick!"  I was devastated when he
only paused long enough to say the lines I had suggested. "You will get
twenty more to make sure you have learned your lesson."
  Thankfully after ten my pussy got numb and I watched it swell through
my breasts with only gasps and moans.
  When he was finished He said, "Will you obey?
  I forgot it was a movie I cried, "Yes anything. Anything!"
  They took me down and carried me to a mat on the floor. They let me
rest a few minutes then the director said, "Are you up to being fucked. I
would really like some close-ups of his dick going into your pussy before
the swelling goes down. I looked down at my poor pussy. Even with my legs
open it had swollen so much there was just a tight slit while normally it
would be open. I whimpered. "Yes it may take my mind off the pain."
  My "Father" had me crawl over to where he was sitting and I sucked his
dick until it could not get harder then he had me lean forward to fuck me
doggy style while the camers looked between his legs to see his huge dick
force open my swollen, welted pussy. It hurt but it was a good hurt and I
managed to cum twice before his dick softened and slid out.
  The director yelled "Cut. Thats a wrap." He said we were all great but
especially me. He told us that when the film was put together he would
throw a cast party and we could watch it.
  About a month later we were taken back up to the house and got drunk
and watched the movie. It was amazing. It looked even more painful than
it was and I was a "Star!" We kept drinking and it turned out to be an
orgy. I got to fuck my "Father" again but it was not as exciting as it
had been when my pussy was sore and swollen.
  When we went back to school I could not resist bragging. Jean was mad.
"They should have asked me. I would have been great!"
  I don't know why I wanted to be cruel. I remembered her small droopy
tits and said, "Maybe next time if you get tit surgery."
  She was really pissed and yelled, "I'll get you. You bitch!"
  I ignored her thinking only of our next "field trip" the next weekend
where the principal promised I would only be hurt enough to cum.
  I didn't get the trip. Jean and her gang was there playing basketball
and when I bragged that I was going up to the mountains for the weekend
she got mad and yelled at her friends to grab me because they could use
me all weekend.
  They tied and gagged me then threw me into a car to take me to an
abandoned building where they had cleaned up the basement to use as a
clubhouse.
  When we got there Jean took off my gag and said I could scream all I
wanted because the whole neighbor hood was deserted and no-one would hear
me. She told me they used the place to work-over kids who tried to move
into their drug territory.
  It was really scary. It was just lit with kerosene lamps that left dark
shadows and the ceiling and walls had ropes or chains hanging from them.
  They hung me from the ceiling and cut off my clothes with sharp knives
then took turns beating me with the heavy western belts they used on
their Levi's. It was terrible! There was much too much pain to excite me
especially when they began hitting me with the big buckles on their belts
that cut my skin until I was bleeding from several places. Mercifully
after I had gone hoarse from screaming I passed out.
  When I woke up I was hanging up-side down with my legs spread. I begged
them not to hurt me anymore and that I would do anything they wanted.
  Jean just laughed and said, "I know you will but you must be a little
numb. I think we will make your tits and pussy more sensitive so you will
really feel the fucking."
  She lit a cigarette and used it to burn my nipples and pussy. I had
never been burned before, it was awful and seemed endless. She would
press the cigarette in a line all around the edges of my pussy lips and
rectum pausing to relight it then covered my nipples with blisters.The
pain continued even after the cigarette was taken away at the end I was
crying hysterically but even that wasn't enough. She had the boys pull my
cunt wide open and put out her cigarette on my clit to cause the most
horrendous pain I ever felt.
  They laid me on the ground then she said, "We need to cool her off.
Piss on her."
  Four of them held my arms and legs while others pissed on me. The piss
caused the burns to catch on fire again and I passed out.
  When I came to a big black guy said, "Enough torture for awhile. This
has made me horny. Let's fuck her for awhile."
  They grabbed my arms and legs again then he pushed his big dick into my
poor burned pussy. It was just pure torture. His huge dick stretching my
pussy lips and scraping on the burns while he pinched my nipples to burst
blisters hurt so much  I just screamed and shuddered with none of the
pleasure I normally got from fucking. He yelled at me, "Move your ass!
You honky bitch!" but I was just too exhausted to move much.
  When he came he got up and said, "I guess she is only good for torture.
It is like fucking a dead broad."
  I was alarmed and begged, "No. Please! Just let me rest awhile. I'll do
better. I promise."
  Jean said, "Maybe we should. I think she is too exhausted to really
feel pain."
  They agreed and  threw a blanket over me I went to sleep almost
instantly.
  I was awakened by a slap on my tits. Jean said, "You have been sleeping
for hours. Do you think you can be a good fuck now?"
  I promised I would and she led me around with a rope around my neck on
my hands and knees. There would be no pleasure from it. They just led me
to boys and girls for me to suck their dicks or lick their pussies until
I had swallowed so much cum I got sick and threw up.
  Jean said, "She must think we are disgusting to get sick like that.
Let's work her over some more until she gives us some respect."
  I begged, "No! Please! I am sorry I got sick. I'll get used to it."
  The black guy said, "Let's give her a break. If she will present
herself with whipping with this without being tied or trying to avoid the
lash we won't tie her and use the buckles."
  He was holding a thonged whip which I knew would be better than the
belts. "Begged, "Please let me do it. I promise I won't try to get away."
  He handed me the whip and told me to go to each person and say "Please
whip me. Anywhere you want."
       The first one said he wanted to give me an old fashioned spanking
and had me bend over for twenty lashes on my butt. It was not that bad in
comparison to the belts and I was glad they let me have that option.
  The next one had me kneel with my hands on my head while she whipped my
breasts. It was really hard to stand still for the pain on my burned
nipples but I managed it. 
  The next one had me stand with my legs spread while he whipped my inner
thighs. It took all my willpower to keep them open for him. It kind of
made up for it when he fucked me when he was done because the burning had
subsided and my clitoris was now super sensitive. Everyone yelled at me
to move faster to plunge his dick in to me. I was glad to do it since it
was so much better than torture.
  From then on that was the routine. I would be whipped in any position
they wanted then either fucked or if a girl I would eat her pussy.
  I actually became excited from the light whipping and sex. Jean must
have noticed because when it was her turn she said, "Enough of that wimpy
whip. You just get excited from it. Lay on your back and hold your legs
open I am going to whip your pussy with this."
  She held up a pool cue stick about six feet long. It looked terrible
and I whimpered, "Please don't hit me very hard." as I got into position.
  She stood behind my head and said, "Say please whip my pussy until it
is bloody."
  I moaned, "Please whip my pussy until it is bloody."
  The guys were amazed and had her wait while they placed bets on how
many lashes I could take until I closed my legs.
  The one with the least lashes won. The first went on my left pussy lip
that burned terribly since the tip was going so fast it was a blur but I
managed to keep them open for another to the right lip but then she
brought one right to the center that hit my ass-hole and burned clit. I
screamed in anguish snapping my legs shut and holding my hands over my
poor pussy to protect it.
  She told me to get my legs open but I moaned, "No! I can't. I can't
take anymore. Just kill me and get it over with quick."
  Jean said, "We will kill you alright but not quickly. There is no way
we can turn you loose. We would all go to jail."
  They hung me up again then Jean said, " Let's have a contest. Get the
darts out of the dart-board. Whoever hits a nipple or her clit gets to
whip her until she passes out."
  They were not good at it. They threw them over and over at my breasts
and pussy but couldn't hit the nipple. It was not bad when they hit my
breasts or the loose skin of my pussy but the ones that stuck into my rib
bones or pubic bone were terrible.
  Suddenly we heard sirens. Evidentally a security guard had heard my
screams and looked through the basement window to see what they were
doing to me and called the police.
  I told them everything. All the people at the school went to jail
unfortunately the kids were juveniles so they got off easy. My folks are
sueing the school which has already offered to pay a million dollars to
stay out of court.
  I am going to a psychologist but I don't need her. That session cured
me forever for being excited by pain. Now I cry if I just get a paper cut
and wake up crying from nightmares where I am hurt.
  Mom said we will be rich and I can go to a private school. They are
sorry they didn't believe me.
  I am writing this as a book publisher has offered to publish it since
there was so much publicity. The only problem is the editor wants every
detail of my suffering and I cry a lot at the memories.

                                The End.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





