BDSM Library - Ana and her Father




Ana and her Father
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: After her mother passed away, Ana was sent to live with his father, whom she had never seen before. Soon she found out all the rumors about his father's extreme sexual life were true.
Ana and her Father
Author: Ms. Which 
(nc, inc, torture, beast, heavy D/s)

If you're not allowed to read this, then don't, for cripes' sake!
Comments are appreciated:  please send to mswhich@hotmail.com.
-----------

Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all rights 
reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




Parts I

	Ana stretched her limbs for the first time in several hours.  The drive from 
the airport had been long and tedious, and there had been no stops. As she 
worked the cramps from her tired body, she looked up at what must be her 
new home. She blinked, and glanced at her welfare officers, themselves just 
emerging from the car, for affirmation.  Mrs. Johnson smiled at her.
	"That's the one, dear." It wasn't a house. It was a mansion, complete with 
gables and turrets and a wrought-iron gate. Ana thought privately that it 
looked somewhat like a fortress. She sighed. This had not exactly been what 
she'd expected.
	Ana Jameson had, until now, lived with her mother in Chicago. When her 
mother had died two weeks before, of a rapidly encroaching cancer the doctors 
were powerless to stop, the welfare officials had searched desperately for any 
living family member. Her mother had been an only child, and her 
grandparents were long gone. The only lead the welfare agency had to go by 
was the name of her father, written on her birth certificate. Ana had never had 
contact with her father, even to the extent of knowing his name. Her mother 
had never said a word about him; who he was, where they'd met, or where he 
was now. Assuming she had even known, that is.
	Upon contacting him, the welfare officials were not surprised to find that 
he had previously been unaware he had a daughter at all. They were more 
surprised, however, to hear him agree to take her in. And so for Ana it was a 
long drive with the ever-somber Miss Johnson and Mr. Davis to southern 
Kentucky.
	She hadn't expected to find a luxuriant mansion of this sort located in 
Kentucky, but here it was before her, large as life. She half-expected there to 
be a moat or a lonely princess locked in a turret. She shook her head; there was 
even a cold draft blowing down off the hill. It was all a little too Gothic. 
Pulling her sweater tighter around her with one arm, she bent to pick up her 
suitcase. Miss Johnson and Mr. Davis shared a glance, and then smiled 
brightly at Ana.
	"Well, here we are. Ready, sweetie?" Ana grimaced. On top of her 
mother's recent death and her being shipped off to the boondocks to live with a 
man she'd never seen before in her life, she had to contend with her social 
welfare officers, who did not appear to be interested so much in her social 
welfare as getting her off their hands as quickly as possible. But, she 
supposed, at least her father seemed to be wealthy enough.  Perhaps things 
wouldn't be so bad. The shivering 16-year-old strode ahead of her guardians 
and walked purposefully toward the front door of the mansion. Miss Johnson 
and Mr. Davis shared another glance, this time a bit more worried.
	"Do you think we should tell her?"
	"What, about the rumors? They're rumors. Unsubstantiated rumors. And 
besides, he's the girl's father. What else could we do?"
	"Well, I know.. it's just that the stories we've heard from the locals.."
	"A lonely recluse, wealthy, with a bit of a taste for the extreme in his 
sexual life. So what? It's a free country, he's not hurting anybody, the last time 
anybody saw him in town _anyway_ was over a year ago, and she's his 
daughter, so at any rate they won't be having sex. Happy?"
	"I suppose." In the meantime, Ana had rung the doorbell, with some 
trepidation. Half a minute later, the door opened, causing her to involuntarily 
gasp in surprise. Embarrassed, she smiled at the man standing in the doorway 
and introduced herself.
	"Hello, sir..  I'm Ana Jameson." Paul Andrews stared at the girl on his 
doorstep. His gaze was imperious, and he turned its full weight to bear on 
Ana.
	"You're to live with me, I suppose. Come in, then." Ana turned to her 
welfare workers for support, but they only shook her hand, each in turn, told 
her they wished her the best of luck, and headed back to the car. Ana watched 
their car drive away, feeling lost and alone, and slowly followed her father 
indoors. Once inside, her father led her through the house to her room. He 
pointed out the kitchen and bathrooms along the way, as well as his wing of 
the house and the living rooms and such. All of this was done in a 
commanding voice, bearing no interruption or comment. Ana had a sinking 
feeling in her stomach.
	Finally, after what seemed a mile, Paul opened the door to Ana's new 
room. It was simple compared with the rest of the house, with only a bed, a 
dresser, and a desk. She set her suitcase on the floor and turned to face her 
father. For a long moment, each sized the other up. Paul saw a young, fairly 
attractive girl, with long straight hair, bearing a vague resemblance to himself. 
He noted that she was tallish, and had strong legs. Ana, on the other hand, saw 
a black-clad, dark-haired man, wearing wire-rim glasses, also tall, and well-
built, with a stern face.
	"Come with me." Ana followed the abrupt command, trailing her father 
down the stairs into a living room. He indicated to her to sit down opposite 
him, in one of the high-backed chairs. "Your name is Ana. Mine is Paul, 
although I will expect you to address me differently. We'll get to that in a 
moment. First, let me make something perfectly clear to you. I bore no 
sentiment for your mother. She was a mistake that I made almost 17 years ago, 
and I'd nearly forgotten about her." Ana blinked hard. Her mother's death was 
still fresh in her mind, and she missed her terribly. She had to hold back tears 
at these harsh words. Paul, appearing not to notice, continued.
	"I have certain expectations about how my house will be run. When I am 
working in my study, you will not disturb me. Nor will you speak to me unless 
you are either addressed, or have a specific question to ask me. You will keep 
your room clean, and you will achieve good marks in school. Those are my 
basic expectations." Ana felt sick. But Paul was not finished yet.
	"You also may have heard rumors in the town about me. They say I'm 
some kind of sexual deviant, and that I have no morals to speak of." Paul 
gazed down at Ana, who was struck speechless. "I can't speak as to my morals, 
but I am indeed a sexual deviant. There's a name for men like me, and that 
name is 'sadist'. Now, I have not indulged my particular pleasures for quite 
some time. However, unfortunately for you, and very fortunately for me, it 
appears that I have a new toy." Ana realized that he was referring to _her_ as 
his "toy". She stood up in shock and began to speak, only to be silenced by her 
father's voice.
	"Sit down! I told you that you _will not_ speak unless spoken to. You 
have nowhere to go. My doors lock from the inside as well as the outside. 
And, even if you could get out, there's nowhere you could go for help. I 
control this town financially, and no matter how sympathetic they might be to 
you, they'll return you to me. I furthermore suggest that you keep your mouth 
shut about what goes on here, if you want any semblance of a normal life 
outside these walls." Ana was trembling now, in utter disbelief.
	"Now. You will address me only as "Father" or "Master". You will wear 
only the clothing I choose for you. And you are subject to my demands, at all 
times. If you disobey any of my orders, you will be punished. Do you 
understand?" Ana finally found her voice.
	"No, I don't understand! What do you mean.." That was as far as she got 
with her protest. Her father had rapidly crossed the distance to her chair, 
grabbed her wrists behind her back, and marched her, crying out her protest 
and struggling to get free, to a room on the next floor down. Once she'd 
stopped struggling, Ana found herself chained to a wall by her wrists, hanging 
from manacles which were set high on the wall. Paul ripped her blouse from 
her body in a business-like fashion, doing the same to her bra. He slid the skirt 
down past her hips, and then her panties, ignoring his daughter's protests and 
feeble kicks. He smiled to himself; it was difficult to kick well when one's 
arms were pulled straight above one's head.




Part II

	He was now looking at a squirming young girl, the muscles in her legs 
straining, and her high fine breasts bouncing as she wriggled back and forth, 
chained to a wall in his basement. He sighed in pleasure. Fatherhood was 
going to be good to him. Ana was crying out, begging to be released, begging 
to be sent back home, twisting and straining against her chains.
	"This is the beginning of your punishment, slave. Eventually you'll learn 
to stifle your disagreement with my decisions." Paul chose a fine, many-tailed 
whip, with a long handle. He began prodding Ana's inner thighs with the whip 
handle, forcing her legs further and further apart until she could barely remain 
standing.
	"What are you doing? Please, let me go, I'll do anything, please just let me 
go.." He smiled again. Indeed, she would do anything and everything for him, 
but he would not be letting her go anytime soon. He began to stroke higher 
and higher on her thighs with the whip handle, causing her legs to jerk and 
flinch. He noted her ticklishness for future reference.
	"Ana, are you a virgin?"
	"WHAT? What kind of a.." Paul grabbed her long, fine hair and pulled it 
harshly. Ana screamed.
	"Are you a virgin, Ana?"
	"YES!"  Paul released her hair.
	"Not for long." Paul believed firmly in increasing the sensitivity of a 
woman's body before he gave her a good lashing. For this, her legs would have 
to be chained in place. He cuffed her ankles in manacles and chained them to 
the wall, spreading her legs far apart in the process. Then he began the slow 
process of her torture. Ana felt her father begin to kiss her calves, his lips and 
tongue caressing her legs gently and lovingly. She moaned and squirmed, but 
there was no escape from her bonds of iron. Paul continued upward, planting 
gentle kisses on her smooth white flesh, all the way up her thighs, until she 
was gasping. Then he very slowly slid his finger along her pussy lips, allowing 
his thumb to rest on her clit, rotating very slowly. He slid his tongue along her 
pussy, kissing and licking it as he had her calves and thighs.
	Ana, her body in a state of great confusion, moaned helplessly and rocked 
in her chains. Her father's warm wet tongue was probing an area of her she'd 
rarely even touched herself. Her thighs were tensed, and she wriggled and 
squirmed, but there was no escape from his gentle invasive licking and 
sucking.
	"Please, please let me go please, mmm god what are you doing? Please 
don't whip me, I'll be good. I swear, mmmm please please.." Paul ceased his 
ministrations for a moment and stood, finding a decent-sized ball gag.
	"My dear, you are becoming monotonous." He forced her mouth open, 
shoving the bright rubber ball well in past her teeth, and strapped it in. He 
liked this particular design. It allowed her to moan, but not to articulate, and it 
was quite painful in the degree it forced her jaw open. He knelt between her 
legs again and continued his gentle exploration of his daughter's innermost 
folds, which were considerably moister than they had been when he'd begun.
	As Ana's moans turned into gasps, higher- and higher-pitched, she 
stopped struggling. Ana closed her eyes and was swaying back and forth, the 
sensations emanating from her clitoris becoming unbearably pleasurable. She 
bit her lip and began to submit to the waves of pleasure sweeping through her 
body. At this point, Paul finally stopped, causing a desperate whimper from 
behind the gag.
	"Liked that, did you, dear?" Paul smiled amusedly as Ana's eyes opened 
and she realized what she'd almost done, shaking her head violently back and 
forth. Paul took the whip again and this time slowly caressed her back and 
belly and thighs with the tails, observing with pleasure his daughter's ticklish 
jerks and panicked giggles. He indulged himself for a few moments more with 
this, and then stood well back from her, watching her trembling soft body.
	Oh, it was going to be a good year. That soft white skin, so young and 
firm, so cool to the touch.. *WHACK* Ana screamed, her body twisting and 
jerking. Several bright red stripes began to appear on her ass. *WHACK*  
*WHACK*  *WHACK* Three rapid strokes of the whip on her back. Ana 
sounded as though she were nearly hyperventilating. Paul didn't worry. If she 
fainted, his whip would bring her to in short order. Tears were flowing freely 
down her cheeks now. Now he wanted to show his trembling little girl what 
pain really was. He lashed her mercilessly, using all his strength behind the 
blows of the whip.
	*WHACK* Her breasts. *WHACK* Her inner thighs, so soft and white 
before. *WHACK* Her calves. Paul liked it when her legs buckled for a 
second and she hung from the wrist manacles. He struck her there again. 
*WHACK* Ana was screaming now, her wrists burning nearly as much as the 
rest of her body. Her breasts were on fire, her back was in agony, and her ass 
was .. Paul frowned.
	*WHACK*  *WHACK*  *WHACK*  And her ass was bleeding. Paul 
passed his hands across Ana's cheeks, and then rubbed her salty tears into her 
back, causing her screams to reach a new pitch. He decided that it was now 
time for Ana to have a little break. He placed the whip down on the floor and 
knelt down beneath his shaking, sobbing daughter.
	Ana began to wail as she felt his soft tongue probing between her legs 
again. The pleasure, after so much pain, was nearly overwhelming, and she 
broke down and began to sob helplessly as he licked at her clit, occasionally 
probing into her vagina with his tongue. She tried in vain to bring her thighs 
together, but of course her iron manacles held tight. The mere effort caused 
her pain, as he'd paid special attention to her thighs with the whip, which 
caused her to break into renewed tears. Paul caressed his daughter until her clit 
was large and swollen again. Then he stood, quietly watching the sobbing girl, 
her body reddened and welted, for several long minutes. He admired the long 
red and purple streaks criss-crossing her body.
	"Ana, darling, you're a work of art." He could release her now, or he could 
add one final dimension, completing her pain. Well, he'd always been a 
perfectionist. He picked up the whip again. *WHACK* Paul watched Ana's 
reaction with great satisfaction. The whip had landed just where he'd aimed it, 
directly between her legs. Her whole body was jerking back and forth as she 
tried to alleviate the horrendous pain.
	*WHACK* Now Paul was just amusing himself. He wanted to see just 
how badly he could make the young girl hurt. He was also a little curious just 
how loudly she could scream behind her tight-fitting gag. *WHACK* The 
leather fingers of the whip had landed directly on Ana's clitoris. Her screams 
were piercing, and she was hanging limply from her wrist manacles, unable to 
support her weight on her legs any longer. Paul couldn't wait any longer. He 
released the limp body of his daughter from her manacles, and laid her on a 
mattress he had waiting on the floor.
	"Hurts quite a bit, doesn't it?" Ana nodded, insensate with pain, tears 
streaming down her cheeks. "Well, this might hurt a bit too. But you'll learn to 
like it."




Part III

	Ana's eyes opened wide. Paul had begun stripping his clothes off, and 
soon stood over her naked, his erection large and stiff between his legs. She 
tried to get away, but her limbs failed her, too badly abused to move just yet. 
Paul laid down, resting his weight on Ana, gazing down into her terrified face. 
He did so love the look of a woman in panic. He was thinking how nice it was 
to have a girl so young and firm and so utterly his.. and then he thrust his cock 
inside her. It went in smoothly, the only catch being her hymen, which he was 
through in an instant.
	Once his cock was all the way inside her (and he was not a small man in 
that department), he let it rest, feeling her vaginal muscles trying to push him 
out, sending waves of pleasure through his cock. He moved it from side to side 
every so often, watching her eyes roll back in her head and listening to her 
moan.
	"How's it feel to be raped by your own father, Ana? Cat got your tongue? 
Well, silence implies assent, sweetheart." Paul began thrusting inside her, 
ramming harder and harder inside her already bruised and welted body. He 
panted between thrusts, still teasing her, "Bet you wish you'd kept your mouth 
shut, hm, Ana? Well you won't keep it shut for long around here.. I'm going to 
feel those lips wrapped around my cock, Ana.. you're going to be my slut, little 
girl. I hope you like cock, because you're going to get a lot of it.. I can tell 
right now you're going to need a LOT of punishment... can't seem to follow 
the rules, can you, Ana?"
	Ana stared up at her father helplessly, her body ravaged first by his whip 
and now by his cock. The pain had made her nearly hallucinatory, and now the 
thorough fucking she was receiving was having a side-effect that she hadn't 
expected. Paul felt Ana's hips thrust up to meet him. Surprised, he looked 
down and saw her half-lidded eyes, and her slightly parted lips.
	"Oh, you little whore.. you little cock sucking whore.. you love it, don't 
you? Oh, you love my cock, you little slut. You're MY slut, and I am going to 
teach you so well you will never forget, Ana." Ana began to feel waves of 
pleasure emanating from between her legs as Paul's cock slid in and out of her 
pussy. She groaned and tried to twist away, but she was firmly impaled by her 
father. With every thrust, he rubbed against her clit, again, and again, and 
again, until Ana felt as though she were going crazy. If he'd just give her a 
second to rest, to concentrate.. but his cock was incessant, pounding into her, 
as her father's breathing grew faster and harder, and he rammed into her with 
an ever-increasing rhythm. Ana couldn't help it any longer. With a loud moan 
and a convulsive shudder, she had her very first orgasm.
	Paul reached behind her head and undid the gag, pulling it out of her 
aching jaw to be immediately replaced by his own mouth. His tongue probed 
deep into her mouth, as he began to groan, she felt it more than heard it. Paul's 
cock was now bottoming out in her cervix as he thrust into her hard and fast, 
groaning into his daughter's mouth. Suddenly, at the end of one of his invasive 
thrusts, he froze in place, deep inside her, and Ana felt her father's cock 
pulsing and jerking as his deep blue eyes pierced into her and his cum spurted 
into her body. Paul lowered his weight down onto his trembling daughter, 
resting his head on her shoulder and keeping her pinned beneath him, as he 
recovered from his orgasm.
	He kissed her neck and then murmured into her ear, "That was lesson one, 
slave." After several minutes spent resting inside Ana's soft warmth, Paul 
sighed contentedly and withdrew from her. She didn't know it yet, but his 
slave's punishment was far from over. He got up from the floor and walked 
over to a wooden chair he'd installed in the basement. Later, Ana would come 
to dread this chair. For now, Paul merely sat in it.
	"Ana, dear, it's time for you to clean my cock." Ana, having thought her 
punishment was ended, groaned miserably and began to rise to her feet. "No, 
slave. Crawl to me." Paul noted with satisfaction that two of her whip marks 
were still bleeding, as she hesitatingly got up onto all fours and began to crawl 
towards him. When she'd finally finished her painful journey across the hard 
concrete floor and was at the legs of his chair, she stopped and looked up at 
him, waiting.
	"I hope you enjoyed that orgasm. It's the last you'll have for awhile. Now, 
get up on your knees. You're going to clean my cock with your mouth, slut." 
Ana did as she was told and rose to her knees, looking unhappily at her father's 
cock, coated with his cum and her juices. She whimpered and opened her 
mouth to plead for mercy, but before any sound could emerge, Paul grabbed 
the back of her head and pulled it toward his cock, causing her to gasp. 
Realizing that there would be no reprieve, Ana, slowly extended her tongue 
and began to tentatively lick at her father's soft cock. She wanted badly to cry - 
she'd never imagined doing anything this degrading in her entire life.
	"You'll be down there until it's clean, slut, so you'd best pick up the pace a 
little." Ana tasted her own juices on Paul's cock, as well as the salty taste of 
his own cum. She gagged a little, but with her father's hand wound tightly 
through her hair, she had no choice but to continue. Her tongue slid along his 
cock, cleaning it thoroughly, base to tip. She licked at his balls as well, kissing 
away the remnants of her own cum that were left there. When Paul's cock 
seemed reasonably clean she stopped and looked up at him expectantly.
	"Not good enough, slave. Do it again and this time dry it with your hair." 
Ana couldn't hold back her tears any longer. Her tears dripped onto her breasts 
as she lowered her mouth again, to complete this hateful task again. She 
swirled her tongue around her father's balls one more time, tracing a path from 
there to the tip, then back again. At Paul's urging, she reluctantly sucked the 
last droplets of cum from his tip, and thoroughly licked the underside of his 
cock.
	For his part, Paul leaned back and watched his beautiful daughter at work 
between his legs, enjoying the soft velvety sensations of her tongue working at 
his cock. He felt it twitch and begin to harden again. He smiled down at his 
sobbing daughter; the evening was yet young.




Part IV

	Ana was horrified as she felt her father's cock begin to harden underneath 
the ministrations of her tongue. She finished cleaning him for the second time. 
This time, not wanting to be ordered to do it yet again, she took her long, fine 
hair and dried his cock with it. The sensation of her hair caressing this most 
sensitive part of his body seemed only to make his cock even longer and 
harder. She watched it miserably, knowing that her father's arousal would only 
mean more torture for her.
	Paul gazed down at Ana appraisingly for a long moment as she knelt 
before him, fear apparent in her face. She had a beautiful mouth; nice, full lips 
with a Cupid's-bow shape. Yes. He wanted her to taste his cock. Paul smiled 
slightly to himself; none of the women he'd had before seemed to enjoy giving 
him blow jobs. He liked it that way.
	"Ana, you're going to suck my cock now." Ana moaned.
	"Please, haven't I had enough? I just want to sleep, sir... please." Paul 
smiled down at her.
	"You'll sleep eventually. Now, I told you to keep your mouth shut. Since 
you can't seem to do that, you can wear a little jewelry for me while you suck 
my cock." Ana winced at the explicit term. Fear knotted the pit of her 
stomach; she had no doubts that the "jewelry" would be more than decorative. 
Paul reached into a compartment built into the seat of the chair and fished out 
two little alligator clamps, attached by a silver chain. He also brought out a 
pair of handcuffs, which he dangled in front of Ana's face briefly before 
cuffing her wrists together behind her back, causing her to wobble a little on 
her knees.
	He stroked her nipples for a while, circling his thumbs around them and 
pinching them just a little. When they stood out nearly half an inch from her 
breasts, he attached one alligator clamp to each. Ana's eyes opened wide, and 
she gasped and winced in pain. She wriggled experimentally, to see if jiggling 
her breasts would improve the positioning of the wretched clamps, but it only 
made things worse. Paul grinned and tugged a little at the chain, causing Ana 
to cry out.
	"They're on nice and tight, slave. Don't worry; they won't fall off." Paul 
was fully erect again. He motioned to Ana to bring her head closer to his cock. 
"You're going to suck it, Ana. And you're going to deep-throat it. You 
probably won't enjoy it, but that's why you're the slave. Now. Start licking it, 
just like you would a Popsicle or an ice cream cone. And do it well, or you'll 
get even more punishment tomorrow. I want to see enthusiasm." Ana gazed at 
her father's waiting 9-inch erection dubiously.
	"Afraid you can't get it all into your mouth, cock sucker? We can always 
abandon this idea and go back to the whip, if you'd like..." Ana, hampered by 
the fact that her hands were immobilized behind her, began slowly bobbing 
her head up and down, licking her father's cock from base to tip and back 
down again, as he'd instructed. "Front AND back, slut. And faster." He yanked 
at her hair, bringing bright tears of pain to her eyes. "Faster, slut. I want to see 
that pretty little head WORK."
	Ana worked at his cock for at least half an hour, trying to cover his entire 
length with her rapid licking. Every time she slowed, Paul tugged at her nipple 
clamps, causing her to lick with renewed frenzy. Eventually he would pierce 
those nipples, but for now clamps would suffice.
	"Now take it into your mouth. All the way in. When you swallow, I want 
to feel your throat muscles, slut." Ana only got as far as the head of Paul's 
cock before her lips began to stretch. His cock really was very large, and she 
had a lot of trouble getting it into her mouth. Her father aided her by pushing 
his cock in further, causing Ana to gag and choke a little. "Better get used to it, 
slave."
	Paul grabbed Ana's head and forced it further on his cock. He could feel 
the head sliding all the way into the back of her mouth, down her throat about 
two inches. He was completely blocking her windpipe now. Ana, unable to 
breathe and beginning to panic, began to writhe and thrash, attempting to free 
herself from her father's grasp. Paul, who had the twin advantages of both 
strength and leverage, looked down with amusement as Ana's face began to 
turn red. He shoved his cock a little further in and tightened his grip on her 
head, enjoying the sensations that the spasming of her throat was producing on 
his erect penis.
	Just as Ana's vision began to contract down to a small red dot, her father 
abruptly pulled his cock out of her throat. She gasped for air, her entire body 
heaving and shaking. Paul, still gripping her head tightly, counted slowly to 
five. At the end of his count, when Ana was still gagging and gasping for air, 
he rammed his cock into her throat again. She looked up at him in wild panic, 
thrashing with renewed frenzy. Paul merely closed his eyes and smiled. He 
loved this; the vibrations of her muffled attempts to scream..  the frantic 
spasms of her throat muscles.. he slid his cock in a little deeper. Ana's lips 
were now brushing against his balls. The entire length of his cock was inside 
her mouth. He could actually see the head, in sharp relief against her throat.
	"Ana, dear, you're not sucking." When she was near to fainting from lack 
of oxygen, Paul again pulled his cock out of her throat, watching her explosive 
gasps for air. "Think of it this way, Ana. After tonight, your gag reflex is 
going to be non-existent. Think what a hit you'll be with all my friends." Ana 
glared at him with murderous eyes. The expression didn't last long, as two 
seconds later she had her father's full length inside her throat again. This time 
Paul teased her as she struggled for air.
	"How are the living arrangements so far, Ana? Think the social workers 
would approve?  You've got such a caring father.. I really do care about your 
welfare, Ana. I wouldn't want *anything* to happen to my precious little girl. I 
appreciate your talents far too much. You can forget college, Ana.. you're 
going to be here a very long time." He yanked his cock out again, and the 
cycle began anew.




Part V

	Two hours later, Ana was curled up on the floor sobbing weakly as Paul 
savored the afterglow of his orgasm. He imagined her throat was raw and red 
right now, after having been brutally fucked for over two hours and then 
having cum shot down it. He sighed in satisfaction. It was the best orgasm he'd 
had for quite some time.
	He glanced down at his daughter. Clearly, she was in no condition to 
walk. He'd normally force her to crawl, but tonight he was tired and wanted to 
get to bed. She'd worn him out. And so Paul Andrews unhandcuffed his 
daughter's limp body, gently removed the nipple clamps (he had no desire to 
permanently damage her nipples by ripping the clamps off), and picked her up 
to carry her to her bedroom. Her arms went automatically around his neck as 
he straightened and stood. Ana put up only a few softly whimpered protests as 
Paul chained her to
her bed.
	"Just a safety precaution, my dear. Can't have my new toy jumping out the 
window." He turned off the lights and closed the door. All things considered, it 
had been a successful evening.
~~~~~~~~~~

	Paul grinned at his daughter sardonically.
	"Good morning, Ana." Ana glared at him from her chains. "It's your first 
day at your new school, Ana. Shouldn't be so glum. Here, I've even got new 
clothes for you." Paul unlocked Ana from her chains and watched as she 
groaned, working out the muscle cramps that had set in overnight. Sleeping 
chained to a bed wasn't exactly recommended orthopedic procedure. After a 
few minutes of stretching and working out tired muscles, Ana finally saw the 
clothing waiting for her at the foot of the bed.
	"I can't wear those. They aren't my size." Paul smiled at his daughter.
	"They are now. Best put them on, slut, unless you'd like more 
punishment." Ana turned white.
	"No..  I'll put them on, sir. I'm sure they'll fit fine."
	"Good girl." He observed as Ana pulled the stretchy white T-shirt over 
her torso, noting with satisfaction that it was, indeed, approximately two sizes 
too small for her. Her breasts were so high and fine, straining against the filmy 
cotton. Paul mentally congratulated himself on the selection.
	"No panties?" Paul shook his head. Ana sighed miserably and squirmed 
into the skin-tight cotton skirt. The hem reached slightly below the curve of 
her buttocks.
	"Your teachers are going to just love it, Ana. Now sit down. I've got the 
finishing touch." Ana did as she'd been told and sat on the bed, fidgeting 
uncomfortably with the hem of her now-obscenely-short skirt. Paul reached 
between her legs and roughly shoved her thighs apart, causing Ana to gasp. 
However, remembering her lesson of the night before, she put up no 
resistance. She was now splayed out on the bed, her legs wide apart and her 
skirt shoved up to her hips, staring murderously at her father. Paul opened a 
drawer in the nightstand and extracted a dildo, to Ana's great dismay.
	"Keep those legs apart, slut." Paul began working the 8-inch dildo into his 
daughter's pussy. Ana grunted a few times, but after about five minutes, it was 
fully inside her. Paul could see that she was going to have some trouble 
walking. He smiled to himself and began to idly play with her clit as he gave 
her a last set of instructions before school.
	"Now, Ana. You're going to become wet today, most likely, and in so 
doing you're going to lubricate that nice fat dildo in your cunt. And you're 
going to be walking, and wriggling, and squirming. That dildo is nice and 
shiny and smooth, and it's going to want to slide right out of your wet little 
pussy. Wouldn't that be embarrassing?" Ana merely moaned, her father's 
ministrations on her clit taking an effect.
	"So your job is to keep that dildo in there nice and snug today. Your 
teachers have all been instructed not to allow you to enter the restroom, so you 
won't be able to take it out. You'll just have to hold it in with your cunt 
muscles." Ana, through her mounting haze of pleasure, had still managed to 
gasp slightly at the news that her father had such influence at the school.
	"Yes, Ana. Your teachers will take orders from me if I so choose to give 
them. Everybody in this entire town will. I promise. So you'd better be good, 
understand?" Ana nodded frantically. She was now squirming on the bed, 
moaning and thrusting her hips forward rapidly as her father's finger brought 
her to the brink of orgasm.
	"Good." Paul withdrew his finger, causing Ana to desperately whimper. 
"Did you forget, Ana? You're my toy. And I get to decide when you cum, 
which won't be for quite some time. Now, you've got ten minutes before you 
have to leave. Come here and suck my cock, slut." Ana shakily sat up, her 
eyes widening for a moment as the motion drove the dildo farther inside her, 
and began to unzip her father.  His cock was soft, and she looked at him 
questioningly.
	"Suck, you little slut." She wrapped her lips around it and dutifully began 
to suck at Paul's limp penis. Paul grinned and pulled her head tight to him. She 
was about to be surprised. As the soft, gentle sucking sensations continued on 
Paul's cock, he decided to wait no longer. He let a flood of urine stream into 
Ana's mouth. She immediately recoiled and tried to pull her mouth away, but 
his firm grip on her head would not allow her escape.
	"Swallow it, Ana, or it's another thirty lashes! Swallow it! Oh, Ana, I'd 
better not see any dripping down your chin.. don't gag, slut, swallow every 
drop. And keep sucking, you little whore." Ana kept swallowing as her father's 
urine sprayed into her mouth. She tried desperately to repress her gag reflex, 
but a few times she failed, gagging as the urine trickled down her throat. Tears 
of disgust came to her eyes. This was the most revolting thing she'd ever done. 
Paul sighed, relieved, as his teary-eyed daughter finished sucking the last 
drops of urine from him.
	"That's one of your jobs from now on, Ana. I like the feeling of a woman's 
mouth around my cock when I piss. And I like not having to get up from my 
chair when nature calls. So you get to be my urinal. You should feel honored." 
Ana's stomach was heaving as she tried desperately not to throw up. She 
doubled up onto all fours on the floor and gasped for air, frantic to fight off the 
overwhelming nausea.
	"Ana?" She looked up at Paul with wide, teary eyes. "Remember, you're 
not permitted to use the bathrooms at school. So it's going to be a very long 
day. Now, you'd better get moving. School is about a mile's walk from here."




Part VI

Ana felt sick and lost as the door closed firmly behind her. She wanted nothing
more than to just walk away and never come back. She knew this to be a futile
wish, however. Even if she ran away, her father would find her and have her
returned to him. Hot tears came to her eyes as she realized she was as trapped
as an animal in a cage. She really was nothing more than a toy for her father.
If he desired her to go to school, she would. If he desired her to stay home,
she would. She had no free will anymore. She'd thought of calling the social
workers back, but they hadn't wanted anything to do with her in the first place,
and besides, her father would simply contradict anything she might tell them.

The dildo inside her suddenly made its presence known by sliding ever so
slightly out of her vagina. She was still wet from Paul's manipulations, and the
action of walking was forcing it out of her. Ana grit her teeth and squeezed her
cunt muscles tightly, although the motion cost her a bit of mobility. She wished
she could just slide it out of her, right now when nobody was looking, but she
had no purse or bag to carry it in, and her father would beat her severely if
she came home without it.

Ana continued on the rest of the fifteen-minute walk to the schoolyard, stopping
every few feet to wriggle her hips, forcing the dildo back inside her, and also
to pull the hem of her skirt down again. When she walked, the skirt rode up
until the curve of her buttocks was visible. As she approached the school, she
realized that she was the object of much attention.

Every eye on the grounds was focused on this vision walking towards them. Her
long straight hair, her curvaceous body displayed so well by her tight clothing,
her fine lovely legs, supported by three-inch heels.. the boys were gaping and
the girls were narrowing their eyes. Ana blushed bright red and wished
desperately that she were somewhere else.

"You must be Ana Jameson." Ana hadn't noticed the tall man striding purposefully
toward her until he was standing right next to her. He took hold of her elbow
and began marching her towards the school. "Young lady, this .. outfit.. is
highly inappropriate, and you are quite in violation of our dress code. I'm the
principal of this school. You may address me as Mr. Taylor. Come on, to the
office with you."

Ana had trouble keeping up with his long strides, especially with the dildo
threatening to slide out of her at any moment. She was horrified with
embarrassment, being dragged through the hallways of the school in front of
dozens of gaping students, her breasts bouncing under her tight blouse with the
effort to keep up, and her skirt riding high on her ass.

Finally they reached Mr. Taylor's office. He shoved Ana into it ahead of him,
and locked the door behind him once they had both entered. Ana blinked upon
seeing the interior. It was more like a top executive's office than a high
school principal's. The rug was richly carpeted, there were couches and an
enormous desk, and it seemed as large as a football field. Ana didn't have much
time to notice the niceties of Mr. Taylor's office, however. Her eye had just
come to rest on an odd piece of furniture in the middle of the room, resembling
a sawhorse, but with a wide, padded crosspiece instead of the usual 2x4. Before
she had time to wonder what it could be for, Mr. Taylor had grabbed her firmly
by the elbow and frog-marched her over to it. He shoved her forward, causing her
to fall against the piece of furniture, and rapidly tied her hands and feet to
the four legs of the thing. Ana was now bent completely in two, her head at the
level of her feet, gasping for air. Mr. Taylor yanked the dildo out of her
abruptly, causing her to yelp. "Well, Ana, I'm sure you didn't think your father
was sending you here for actual schooling." The principal smiled as Ana glared
up at him. "Yes, actually I did. And believe me, I'm going to tell him all about
this when he--" Ana shrieked as her principal's belt cracked down across her
back, leaving a reddish welt.

"Ana, darling. Don't be dense. You're a bright girl, I'm sure." CRACK! "I'm an
associate of your father's. He knows all about my plans for you." CRACK! With
each additional lash from the belt, Ana shrieked and twisted, trying in vain to
escape the horrific pain being inflicted on her back and bottom. It was no good;
her bonds were too tight.

"I provide certain favors for him in the business world. In return, he provides
certain favors for me of a ... somewhat different nature." CRACK! "Understand,
Ana?" Ana refused to answer, tears of pain dripping down her cheeks. She wanted
badly to be able to cover her bruised and welted bottom with her hands, but they
were strapped down far too well. CRACK! CRACK! "I can't hear you, Ana. You're
his property, but during school hours, you're my toy. Say it." CRACK! "Say it,
Ana." Ana was shaking her head furiously, clinging desperately to her dignity.
She would not admit to being this monster's plaything. She couldn't believe her
father, perverse as he was, would want her to. Mr. Sadist Taylor could whip her
until she fainted. She wouldn't tell him what he wanted to hear.

"I've got all afternoon, Ana." CRACK! Ana's welts were beginning to deepen into
a reddish-purple. Charles admired his handiwork. He was careful not to beat her
too many times in the same spot, this early in the day. He wanted her entire
backside, including her thighs and calves, to turn the same shade of purplish
red by the end of the day. She'd get a few breaks, of course. He didn't want her
to pass out from the pain. That would ruin his fun. CRACK!

"Who's my toy, Ana? Tell me." CRACK! Ana whipped her head back and forth as a
high-pitched wail came from her throat. The pain was unbearable; she was jerking
and twisting in her bondage as much as the ropes would allow. It wasn't enough
to afford her any relief. CRACK!

She heard Mr. Taylor press his intercom button. Before she realized that she had
a chance to cry for help, he'd already given his message to his secretary to
"hold my calls for the rest of the afternoon, please." Ana slumped in defeated
frustration. Mr. Taylor smiled at her brightly.

"Let's see if I can make your breasts match your backside, shall we, Ana?" Ana
screamed and the whipping continued.

~~~~~~~~~~

An hour later, Mr. Taylor decided to give Ana a rest. He laid down his belt and
knelt on one knee next to Ana, gazing into her tear-streaked face. He brushed
her matted hair away from her eyes, stroking it a little. "Ready for a break,
Ana?" Ana still refused to answer any of his questions, but he thought he
detected a glimmer of hope in her eyes. He stood and took something from his
desk. "This kind of candle is called a 'taper candle', Ana. I rather like them."
She stared at her principal dully, not knowing what he meant to do with the
candle in his hand and too weak to struggle anymore. Charles Taylor lit the
taper and smiled sadistically at Ana. "Don't worry, slut. I'm just adding a
little more color to my artwork." Ana felt a drop of hot wax hit her back. Her
eyes widened and her exhausted body jerked away from the pain. "I'm going to
cover every welt with wax, Ana. You'll be so lovely." Ana finally found her
voice.

"NOOOOO!" As each welt was fully covered with the wax, he'd move on to the next,
allowing the first to harden on her back. Ana was shrieking wildly, the bright
stinging pain from her back nearly unbearable.

"PLEASE please I'll tell you anything, anything I'll say it ok, I'm your toy,
I'm your TOY, PLEASE it HURTS, don't you hear me, I said I'm your toy, you're
KILLING me, stop it please!"

Charles murmured distractedly, "It's a little late now, Ana. I'm in the middle
of coloring in your back. It's quite lovely.. too bad you can't see it." For the
next half hour, Charles continued his slow, careful dripping. Each of Ana's
welts, from her calves to her neck, was completely covered in candle wax. Ana
herself was sobbing, her throat worn raw from screaming.

The principal stood back to admire his handiwork. She was beautiful. Simply
outstanding. Her full breasts were jiggling with each heave of her chest, and
her shapely calves were trembling. Charles gazed upon her welted, bruised body
for a few moments longer. He decided that it was time to give his neglected
erection some attention.

"Oh, Ana.. you're so beautiful. I wish you could see yourself." Ana groaned and
managed to gasp out, "I hope you die, you sick bastard." Mr. Taylor only smiled.

"Ana, you'll learn to control your outbursts. I was contemplating allowing you
an orgasm today, but now I think it will have to wait. Tell me, though - have
you ever been fucked in the ass?"

"No, you son of a bitch."

"Darling Ana, you're just not helping your case any." Ana heard her principal
unzip his pants and step out of them. She groaned miserably. The pain was
diminishing, now that the candle wax had dried, but her back still throbbed
horribly, and she thought she probably needed some kind of disinfectant soon.
She wished Mr. Taylor would at least untie her from the sawhorse thing. She
couldn't see anything that was going on, tied as she was, so each blow from his
belt was unexpected. It made it difficult to breathe, as well, although at the
moment that was the least of her worries.

"Ohhhhhhh my God, what are you doing?" Mr. Taylor had knelt and parted her
buttocks with his hands. He was now probing around her asshole with his tongue,
licking and sucking at the soft flesh there.

"Lubricating you, Ana dear. Don't complain." Ana groaned. Mr. Taylor slid one
long finger inside her pussy, and began to circle his thumb over her clitoris,
while he licked slowly at her asshole. Against her will, she began to moan a
little as the now-familiar frustrating pleasure began to tingle between her
legs. "Your body doesn't seem to think I'm such a sick bastard, Ana." "I hate
you."

"Shh.." His finger probed and stroked inside her, as he stimulated her clitoris
more and more. Ana was unconsciously rocking back and forth on the sawhorse in
rhythm with his stroking, her groans and sighs becoming louder and longer.
"Still hate me, Ana?"

"I... I ha.. hate you... I dooo... st.. stop it.. god... ohhh god.. st..stop..
jeeesus.... ohhhhh god.. ohhhhhh...." Charles withdrew his hand and stood,
bracing his hands on Ana's abused back. "Nono don't stop please, don't.." She
broke off as she realized what she was saying and blushed bright red. "Ready,
Ana?" Charles pushed the head of his cock past the tight opening of her asshole.
He could feel her trying to push him out, but that only had the opposite effect
of making it easier for him to push in.

"God you bastard not there, please just not... OH JESUS IT HURTS!" Charles,
unable to contain himself, rammed the full length of his cock into Ana's ass.
Her entire body jerked, and she was trying to kick with her legs. He could feel
her thigh muscles straining against him. It was quite nice, really. "How do you
feel, Ana?" Ana moaned bitterly, flexing her buttocks in a vain effort to push
the rude intruder from her asshole. Charles closed his eyes and savored the
sensations. When she wriggled and squirmed like that, it produced thrilling
vibrations all along his cock. He sighed and rested his weight against her. "Oh
sweet Ana, such fun we'll have together. Just think, there's three hours until
the final bell - today isn't even over yet and already you've pleased me so
much. Does that make you happy?" Ana gasped, Charles' weight and her
uncomfortable position making it very difficult for her to breathe, much less
talk.

She gasped out in a choked whisper, "Please.. I can't breathe.. it hurts oh it
hurts.. "

"Having trouble, Ana? Here, I'll help you." Charles reached over and grabbed the
dildo from his desktop where he'd laid it. He began to work it into Ana's pussy,
ignoring her frantic gasping pleas. When it was fully inside her, he wedged its
base between the crosspiece of the sawhorse and her clit, so that as she
wriggled, it would rub against her clitoris. Ana was panting hard now, gasping
for air as this new assault on her pussy put even more pressure on her chest and
lungs.

"..can't.. breathe... please..."

"Make me cum, Ana." Charles had his cock fully inside Ana's stretched anus. He
was resting his full weight against her, and was not thrusting. He merely rocked
back and forth a little, to torment her even further. "..please.."

"Make me cum, you little whore. I'm not going to move. You have three hours."

"..can't... please... let me breathe..." Charles shifted his weight, resting his
body even more firmly on the young girl's straining and tormented body. He felt
giddy, knowing that he was in complete possession of the lovely young woman, and
that her struggles and pleas were solely his handiwork. His cock twitched at the
thought.

"I'm not even close to cumming, slut. Work that ass or you'll be late going
home, and Daddy won't like that much."

".. noooo...oh god.." Charles grinned and groaned in satisfaction as Ana, even
bound as she was by her predicament, began to twitch and flex her buttocks. She
had a very limited range of movement, and was confined mostly to squirming her
ass back and forth about half an inch, and flexing her sphincter back and forth.
She performed both those tasks on Charles now, his hard erection buried inside
her reddened ass.

"You're so beautiful, Ana. That feels so good to me.. does it feel good to you?"
Charles giggled a little, and Ana groaned miserably, her legs tiring already.
Adding to her discomfort was the fact that her repeated grinding against the
sawhorse was causing the dildo to become slick and slide back and forth within
her, rubbing the base against her clit. Every time she lost herself in pleasure,
sliding against the dildo, she'd lose her rhythm with Charles' cock in her ass,
and feel him deflate a little. Then she would let out a frustrated sob and begin
again.

"Getting tired, dear? Well, I'm not. I could go for another four, five hours at
least. God this feels good.. and I don't even have to do any work." Ana grunted
wildly and began wriggling her hips faster, trying desperately to increase
Charles' pleasure so that he would cum, granting her blessed release. The rapid
squirming, of course, only served to stimulate her engorged clit even more,
causing Ana's eyes to glaze and her rubbing to become erratic as she tried
desperately to reach orgasm. Without the steady rhythm of Ana's ass, Charles'
erection deflated once again.

A tear slid down Ana's cheek. She wanted badly to be released from her bonds,
and to cum, in that order. She grit her teeth and made a resolution to
concentrate harder this time. And her bucking and squirming on Charles' cock
began anew. For his part, Charles was restraining himself from orgasm. He'd come
close a few times in the past hour, but each time had held off until Ana lost
her rhythm. He smiled. He could continue this way for hours. He groaned quietly
and closed his eyes as she began to wriggle again.

"Good, Ana. Holding me off like that.. admirable restraint in one so young. And
you must feel so _full_. Do you, Ana? Would you like me to pull my cock out of
your ass?" Ana nodded her head wildly in frantic assent. *SMACK*

"Bad girl, Ana. You must always tell men you love their cocks. Now I'm going to
have to punish you even more." Charles now alternated spanking her right and
left buttocks in rhythm with her thrusts. Each ripple of her curvaceous ass sent
another thrill of pleasure through him. He decided to continue spanking her
until he came. She probably wouldn't be able to sit down for weeks.

*SMACK* *SMACK* "God stop... please.. jesus.." *SMACK* *SMACK*

"Faster, Ana.. feels pretty good. I may cum soon." *SMACK* *SMACK*

"You bastard.. jesusjesus I'm gonna cum gonna cum now.. ohh.. NO don't get
soft!" *SMACK* *SMACK*

"I was close that time, Ana.. poor girl, just can't control your impulses."
*SMACK* *SMACK*

"PLEASE! It hurts! noo.. stop.. please no not again not again!" *SMACK* *SMACK*
"STOP IT! PLEASE GOD STOP!" *SMACK* *SMACK*

"Work my cock, Ana. Do it, you little slut child." *SMACK* *SMACK*

"I can't .. THINK when.." *SMACK* *SMACK* "..you're hitting me!.. please!"
*SMACK* *SMACK*

"Look at that beautiful ass, Ana.. so bruised and welted, and you so close to
cumming but denied, and my god look how your hair is sticking to your face,
Jesus Christ Ana, and gasping for air like that, you're just a vision of
loveliness, and you're MINE, every DAY, and by god I am going to use you, little
whore child, that body is going to please my cock just like it is right now
right now oh jesus jesus feels so good you little slut, oh ANA, oh MY Ana, oh
CHRIST, you fucking SLUT, your body is MINE FOREVER!"

As Charles moaned into her heaving back, he finally released his cum into her
tormented body, spurting jet after jet as his body jerked and throbbed in waves
of overwhelming ecstasy. After his cock finished spurting, he immediately yanked
out her dildo, thus preventing Ana from reaching her own orgasm and eliciting a
sobbing moan of despair from deep within her. He then laid his weight down on
her back and listened to her rasping sobs as his heart rate returned to normal.

After several minutes, Charles finally withdrew his cock from her sweet young
body, and looked at the vision of loveliness before him. Ana was stretched
tautly over the wooden frame, her body coated with a sheen of sweat, her hair
falling over her face, and her back and ass bruised and red with welts. He
noticed rope burns around her ankles and wrists where she'd tried desperately to
free herself.

"There's still half an hour before the bell, Ana. Up for some frustration?"
Charles grinned as he knelt behind her and began probing her swollen, wet pussy
with his tongue. He began to swirl it lightly around her lips, penetrating her
hole gingerly every so often. He then slid his tongue slowly up to her
protruding clitoris and began to suck at it softly and gently. Ana immediately
began to groan and rock her hips back and forth as much as she could. Charles
withdrew his tongue, waiting until Ana's hips had ceased to move and she was
still again. He began again. Slow probing around her lips, gentle licking at her
pussy, and then sucking at her clitoris until she moaned eagerly and began to
thrust her hips back and forth, moaning and sobbing like an animal in heat. He
withdrew his tongue again.

"God no please let me cum I need to cum I NEED it, you don't understand.."

"I understand, Ana. That's what's so beautiful." He waited until her tormented
pleas had subsided, and once again, her body was still, trembling only slightly.
Then he began again. Ana started to cry.




Part VII

	As the door to the principal's office closed firmly behind her, Ana walked 
slowly and hesitatingly toward the hallway, humiliated and crying. Her nipple 
clamps were biting firmly into her soft nipple flesh, reminding her of the fact 
that she had nothing else with which to cover her bare breasts. And the dildo 
was even worse than it had been this morning; her pussy was very wet and 
lubricated now, and the dildo threatened to slip out with every step. Ana could 
do nothing about it this time, nor could she adjust the hem of her skirt, which 
was riding up to mid-thigh. Her hands were handcuffed behind her back.
	As soon as she exited the recently-deserted hallway of the school, she 
realized to her horror that while it seemed most of the girls had gone home, 
most of the male population of the student body remained in the schoolyard. 
All conversation stopped as she emerged on shaking legs, her eyes downcast. 
As she made her agonizingly slow way across the school grounds, the only 
sound that could be heard was the clicking of her heels against the pavement.
	Ana realized that she would have to walk right past several staring groups 
of students in order to exit the schoolyard. They refused to get out of her way, 
simply ogling her as she stumbled and swayed toward them. As she 
approached the first group of boys, none made a sound. But one furtively 
reached out to toy with her nipple clamps briefly, snatching his hand back 
immediately as though he'd been burned.
	Ana yelped at the sudden pain. Just as soon as the first boy's hand had left 
her, though, another flicked at the chain, setting it to swinging again.  Then a 
third boy reached up to tug at the chain, and soon it was set to swinging 
violently back and forth by a series of furtive hands. The pain brought Ana to 
her knees. Now she felt someone come up behind her and start biting her neck 
and shoulders. Ana began to struggle, but with her hands cuffed behind her, 
there was little she could do to protect herself.
	She felt strong hands forcing her to the ground as she kicked and moaned. 
Two boys each grabbed her legs, taking the opportunity to stroke and fondle 
them even as they pinned her down in a spread-eagle position. From the 
corners of her eyes, Ana saw dozens more boys crowding around, and her 
heart sank. She put up one last desperate struggle, but the grinning teenagers 
kept her pinned down easily. Four boys had her legs, her head was propped up 
on someone's lap, and three or four boys were busily toying with her nipple 
clamps, causing bright pain to shoot through her breasts. They were all still 
eerily silent, nobody having spoken a word.
	The boys not occupied holding her were engaged in stripping off their 
jeans and underwear. Ana was soon surrounded by twelve to fifteen leering 
teenaged boys, their cocks erect and throbbing. She wailed, but her cry was 
soon cut off by a tall, black-haired boy who knelt over her head and gently slid 
his cock into her mouth. She tried to pull away, but he took hold of her head 
and held it there, pushing his cock far back into her throat, thrusting slowly.
	After having been ravaged by her father's cock the night before, Ana was 
able to take him into her throat without much gagging, but he shoved his cock 
so far back into her throat that it cut off her breathing passage again. She 
struggled wildly, whipping her head back and forth, but the black-haired boy 
only wrapped his fingers through her hair and pulled tightly, forcing her 
mouth even further down onto his erection. Ana, in a wild panic, didn't even 
resist when she was violated further. Another boy, shorter, but muscular and 
blond, now laid his weight upon Ana and thrust his cock into her. Still nobody 
had said a word, and Ana felt as though she were in some sort of surreal 
dream. She searched the eyes of the other boys for anyone who would help 
her, but she only found
pleasure and delight in her predicament in their faces. She couldn't even 
whimper; her air was cut off completely.
	As her father had, the black-haired boy waited until she was nearly 
fainting from lack of oxygen before he allowed her to breathe. Then he settled 
into a more normal rhythm, thrusting his cock into her mouth slowly and 
steadily. Ana was desperate to get him out of her mouth, and so she did her 
best to make him cum as quick as possible, licking and sucking as his cock 
slid in and out of her throat. It was becoming more difficult for her to 
concentrate; the thorough fucking her pussy was receiving was having a 
familiar effect. Ana's clit began to respond yet again, throbbing and pulsing. 
She tried to thrust her hips against the boy who was fucking her, to grind her 
clit against his balls, but the boys pinning her down allowed her no freedom of 
movement. She tried to tell them, to explain, that she wouldn't scream or yell 
if they only allowed her to cum, please to cum, that's all she wanted, but her 
pleas came out only as muffled whimpers against the steady thrusting of the 
cock in her mouth.
	When the black-haired boy finally spurted into her throat, another cock 
immediately replaced his. Ana was frantic to cum now, desperate to be able to 
explain, but she was only held down tighter, her cries interpreted as pleas for 
escape. This boy, too, silenced her cries by choking her with his cock. Ana 
realized in horror that she would have to undergo this ordeal with every single 
boy there. The second boy was in her aching pussy now, and she knew that if 
she could only rub against him she could cum, if she just didn't have to 
struggle against the cock rammed down her throat, she was so close already, 
ah god.. but their hateful hands pinned her tightly to the ground.
	After the second boy finished moaning and spurting inside her, a thin, 
wiry red-head took her, and... oh, thank God, he was rubbing his balls against 
her clit! Ana groaned in pleasure, tingles beginning to sweep over her entire 
body, but just as the orgasm was about to sweep over her, he pulled his cock 
away, smiling. He knew! This one knew exactly what he was doing! He slid 
his long cock into her again, tormenting this sweet tortured body even more. 
He ground and rubbed his balls against her until he saw her eyes come 
unfocused and her breathing increase to a feverish gasping pace.. and then 
pulled out again.
	Ana was near to hyperventilating. She pleaded with him with her eyes, 
imploring, moaning and sighing desperately, but her tormentor only smirked 
and brought her slowly to orgasm again... then denied it. Ana started to cry. 
She needed to cum so badly, and this bastard KNEW what he was doing to 
her. If only the idiot inside her mouth would let go of her head.. but they all 
held her head tight to their cocks, half-choking her and allowing no sounds to 
escape her save gasping whimpers.
	The red-head lasted the longest, thrusting inside her for at least twenty 
minutes. Finally he gasped and moaned loudly, cumming and cumming inside 
her. Ana was nearly out of her mind, tears streaming down her cheeks. Most 
of the boys there thought she was crying at the humiliation of being raped. But 
Ana only wanted to cum, more than anything in the world. The red-head 
would have her twice more that day, tormenting her the same way both times. 
Eleven other boys fucked her a total of twenty-six times that afternoon, as she 
lay there on the ground sucking them and taking them in her cunt until she was 
sore and bruised. When they were finished, still without speaking a single 
word, they left her, trembling and crying, lying in the dirt.
	Ana sobbed miserably. Twelve boys and twenty-six fucks and she still 
hadn't been able to cum. Her pussy was on fire, aching and throbbing. If she 
could only stroke it.. just for a few minutes.. she tried miserably to rub it 
against the ground, but to no avail.  One thought burned in her brain:  Master. 
I have to get home to Master. Master will take care of me. Incoherently, she 
struggled weakly to her feet and stumbled homeward.




Part VIII

	Paul smiled distantly. Ana's struggles had ceased, for the most part. 
Earlier, she'd managed to splash half the water out of the tub, but now her 
efforts were concentrated solely on breathing. As they should be, he thought to 
himself.
	Ana's hands were chained behind her back, her ankles were chained 
together, and another chain encircled her neck. A fourth chain was pulled taut, 
connecting the ones at her ankles and neck, forcing her to arch her back and 
not permitting any freedom of motion. She was lying on her back this way in 
the bathtub, which presently was filled with water to above the level of her 
head. Her earlier splashes had been a futile attempt to raise her head above the 
water. Paul was holding his hand over the opening to a tube that ran to her 
mouth. He counted slowly to fifteen, then released, watching Ana's chest 
expand and contract violently under the water.
	They'd been doing this for about an hour. Ana's force of will was strong, 
but Paul thought she would give in soon. The next time he covered the tube, it 
would be for twenty seconds. Ana wouldn't enjoy that. And if she still didn't 
give in, he'd increase the time to thirty seconds. He smiled. Ana was strong, 
but not that strong. She'd give in.
	He glanced at the clock. It had been half an hour since he last brought her 
up out of the water. Paul pulled the tube out of her mouth and dragged her
head up. Ana immediately began to cough and gag, spitting out water. She 
groaned, but said nothing - she'd learned that lesson the last time he'd let her 
up for air.
	"Ana, are you ready to tell me what I want to hear?" She looked at him 
miserably, rivulets of water coursing down her face, mingling with tears, her 
eyes red-rimmed and watery. "Ana, did you hear me? I want you to answer 
me. Are you ready?" She moaned, a low, desperate, mournful sound, but said 
nothing. Paul shrugged nonchalantly. "All right, have it your way."
	He pushed her head back below the water and inserted the tube in her 
mouth again. After a minute or so, he held his hand over the top for twenty 
seconds. It wasn't so much, really, what he was asking of her. He just wanted a 
simple admission of love, that's all. That shouldn't be so hard for a daughter to 
admit to her father.
	She'd come home from school, bedraggled, scratched and bruised, with 
cum dripping down her thighs. Paul's cock twitched just looking at her, 
knowing what she'd been put through, enjoying the sight of his own daughter 
defiled that way. He'd drawn her into his arms, felt her body shake with sobs. 
He'd also slid a finger under her skirt, between her thighs, and felt her hot, 
swollen clitoris, eliciting a desperate moan from the girl. Good, he thought to 
himself. She hadn't managed to have an orgasm. He'd expected she wouldn't.
	He'd put her into the bath, then -- not chained, as she was presently, just a 
regular bath. He'd cleansed her, while she cried and cried, spilling out the long 
sordid story of her day (of course, he'd already known the details, having 
arranged it, but he listened nonetheless). He soaped her up and rinsed her off, 
then drained the water and filled the bath again.
	"Ana," he'd said, "you must know that I love you. I wouldn't keep you 
here otherwise." It wasn't completely untrue, but Ana's eyes betrayed her 
feelings of outrage at the sentiment. Her father continued on. "I love you, Ana 
my dear. Do you love me? Do you? I want to hear you say you do." Her eyes 
darkened, and a crease drew together in her forehead. Paul's cock twitched 
again. He hoped she would refuse him. To his delight, she shook her head 
slightly, her lips pinched tightly together. "Ana, I want to hear you say that 
you love me. I'm your father, and I think I deserve at least that much."
	Ana stared back mutely. She would not admit to loving this monster of a 
man, who had torn her from her home and put her into bondage, torturing her, 
putting her through the most deviant and disgusting rituals. She would not tell 
him she loved him. She despised every inch of his person. She tried to forget 
how badly she'd wanted to come home to him after the boys in the schoolyard 
had taken her. That wasn't love, that was desperation. She hated him. Paul was 
staring at her, his features suddenly cold and harsh.
	"Ana, darling, I'm starting to think you enjoy punishment." It was then 
that he'd chained her and pushed her down below the water, allowing her to 
breathe only through a slender tube. Ana was panicked by that already, even 
before he began blocking the air supply for long seconds at a time. Now, after 
an hour, she was starting to think he meant to kill her this time.
	Paul looked up at the clock again. She'd been down this time for only 
about twenty minutes, but he felt that the repeated oxygen denial was wearing 
down her defenses. Besides, he'd developed a raging erection and wanted to do 
something about it. He yanked Ana up out of the water again, giving her a 
minute to stop gagging and coughing up water.
	"Ana? You know what I want you to say. I can keep you here all night 
like this. I can hold off your air for longer and longer. Would you like that, 
Ana? Do you want that?" Ana tried to stare at him defiantly, but the quivering 
of her lower lip betrayed her. She couldn't go back under the water. She'd die. 
Soon, the rest of her face crumpled, and she let out a long, heart wrenching 
sob.
	"I love you! I love you! I love you, please, I love you, please just don't 
make me go underwater again, I love you, I love you, I swear it!" As she 
sobbed, unable to look at him, Paul smiled at her tightly.
	"Good girl. I don't want you to forget this moment." He glanced over her 
taut, slick body, chained into immobility, and smiled again. "Ana, as a reward 
for being a good girl, I'm going to allow you an orgasm." Hope burned anew 
in her eyes, although she tried to mask the emotion that swept over her. She 
wanted - needed - an orgasm, desperately. Paul smiled to himself. She'd have 
an orgasm before the night was over, but somehow he doubted that she'd enjoy 
it.




Ana and her Father, Part IX

Paul led Ana, still naked and dripping, her hands chained in front of her, 
into a room she hadn't seen before.  It was bare of furniture except for two 
thick wooden chairs,  facing each other in the center.  Ana gazed on this 
dumbly, not understanding what was to happen.  Softly, almost afraid to 
speak, she whispered, "Is this where I'm going to get to come?"

Paul smiled down at her.  In a few short days she'd changed from a willful 
teenager innocent of sexual knowledge, into this creature so desperate for 
an orgasm that she'd ask this humiliating question of the man who tortured 
her.

He giggled, a high-pitched, out-of-control sound that frightened her. "Yes, 
darling, you'll come.  Don't worry about that."

He forced her down into one of the chairs and bound her arms and legs to it. 
  It was a wide, large chair, so her legs were spread apart quite a bit.  
She sat there, trembling, watching Paul with fear and hope in her eyes -- 
fear that he would hurt her more, and hope that she would finally be allowed 
an orgasm.

Paul left the room briefly.  After a few moments, Ana heard the sound of 
voices approaching down the hallway.  She moaned, wondering who the extra 
person was, what she would be subjected to next.  When she saw the boy who 
entered the room, leading a German shepherd on a leash, she gasped in 
horror.  She recognized him.  It was the wiry red-head who'd taken such 
delight in tormenting her earlier.  He grinned widely as he saw the look on 
her face.

"This is your brother, Ana," Paul announced.  Ana stared at him in shock, 
and he smiled back at her.  "I understand you've met already."

Ana felt tears trickling down her cheeks.  She wanted to escape this horror, 
but there was nowhere to go, nobody to turn to.  Her father and brother had 
hungry looks in their eyes, and she knew that it was going to be a long, 
long night.  She hated them.

Paul continued, "We're going to play a little game, Ana.  Would you like to 
play a game?"

Ana whispered, "No," her eyes downcast.  Paul nodded toward the red-headed 
boy and said, "Jacob?"

Jacob grinned widely and slapped Ana viciously across the face.  She 
screamed in pain and surprise and jerked against the chair, instinctively 
trying to escape.

Her father asked again, "Would you like to play a game?"

Ana said nothing this time, still unable to meet his gaze, tears falling 
from her face onto the hard wood of the chair.

Paul nodded again, and again Jacob slapped her hard across the face.  Ana 
jerked, this time rocking the chair slightly.  She heard her father giggle 
again, that same high-pitched sound that had frightened her earlier.

"Would you like to play a game, Ana?"

This time she said yes, in a soft voice, nearly inaudible.  She tasted blood 
in her mouth and thought that she'd cut her lip during the last slap.  She 
didn't want any part of this game, but she wanted to be slapped again by her 
brother even less.  She raised her head for a moment and looked at him, 
trying to see a resemblance to herself.  They had the same hazel-green eyes, 
the same freckling around the nose, the same thin lips.  She stifled a sob.

"Here's the game, Ana.  We're both going to try to cum.  If I cum first, 
I'll allow you a month of freedom from punishment.  A full month during 
which I won't beat you or otherwise punish you in any way."

Ana's heart leapt.

"If you cum first, I will punish you severely.  I won't tell you exactly 
how, but it will be extremely painful, I can promise you that.  Does this 
sound like a fun game?  All you have to do is not cum.  It'll be easy, won't 
it, darling?"

Ana let out a sob.  She'd been teased to the brink of orgasm and then denied 
so many times already that she was almost ready to cum just from rubbing her 
thighs together.  She wanted to win this game, wanted to claim the reward of 
a month free of beatings, wanted it so badly she could taste it,  but her 
father would never let her win.  She resolved to try anyway.

"Jacob, will you do the honors?"  Paul laughed as Jacob fished a small jar 
out of his jacket pocket.  He knelt in front of Ana and began smearing the 
thick, sticky substance between Ana's thighs, coating her clitoris and vulva 
with it liberally.

Ana tensed, as even this slight stimulation was causing her body to respond. 
  She stared at her father questioningly, and he laughed again, saying, 
"It's honey, Ana.  Sweet, delicious honey."
For a moment, Ana didn't understand, but then her head snapped sideways to 
look at the dog that Jacob had brought in.  A long wail escaped her throat.  
"Noooooo.... please!"

Jacob led the dog to Ana's chair, allowed it to sniff between her legs, and 
then watched for a short time as it pushed its nose between her legs and 
began to lap at the honey there.  Her body stiffened and her thighs flexed 
and contracted as she tried to push the dog away, but the dog was too 
attracted by the scent of the honey and wouldn't be dissuaded.  She groaned 
and tried to think of something, anything else, anything besides the soft 
wet tongue lapping between her legs.

Her father sat down in the chair facing her.  He'd stripped his clothes off 
while she was preoccupied with the dog, and his erect cock now bobbed 
obscenely in the air.  Jacob, her brother, knelt before him and began to 
suck and lick at it.  Ana watched with glazed eyes as her
father's cock disappeared into Jacob's mouth, as the red-headed boy made 
soft gagging noises, as his head moved back and forth.  The dog's tongue was 
making it very hard for her to concentrate.  It was so filthy and awful, she 
was so revolted, but its tongue was soft and wet
and insistent and kept lapping at her clitoris, which was already swollen 
and engorged even before this, and it felt so gooood...

Paul watched as Ana squirmed, trying to move away from the animal's probing 
tongue, but only making it worse, as her squirming caused the dog to lick 
even more furiously.  Jacob's mouth felt good on his cock, but he was 
long-practiced at holding off orgasm, and could do it for
hours if necessary.

Ana was trying desperately to hold off the waves of pleasure that mounted 
within her, trying to squirm away from the dog, trying to remember how 
revolting this was rather than think about how
good it felt.  The German shepherd was lapping at her clit, though, and she 
couldn't focus, couldn't concentrate, couldn't think about anything except 
the pleasure, and she didn't want to cum, didn't want to have an orgasm, not 
like this..

She began unconsciously moaning underneath her breath, saying, "No, God no, 
no, I don't want to, I don't want to, please just let me rest for a second, 
please no, God no, no, please no, pleeeeeeeeease no, I don't want to cum, 
please not like this, please...." over and over again. A few minutes later, 
she arched her back and let out a loud, piercing sob, bucking her hips 
forward five times in rapid succession, and then relaxing back into the 
chair.

Paul smiled at her.  "Are you excited about your punishment, Ana?"

She couldn't even look at him.  She panted, her body coated in a light sheen 
of sweat, physically exhausted.

"Let's play another game.  If you manage to cum again before I do, I'll add 
two hours onto your punishment, which I've already planned to last two 
hours.  If I cum first, I'll take an hour off.  How about that?"

On cue, Jacob allowed his father's cock to pop wetly from his mouth, and 
returned to smear more honey onto Ana's cunt.  He paid careful attention to 
her clitoris, rubbing and stroking it with honey for a good minute and a 
half, until Ana's breathing quickened and she started to moan. She started 
crying when the dog pushed its nose back into her crotch, and began writhing 
fiercely, trying fruitlessly to escape the bonds holding her to the chair.

Jacob knelt on the floor and took Paul's cock into his mouth again.  Paul 
smiled at her.  "You know, Ana, I could do this all night long."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ms. Which


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





