BDSM Library - The Compleat Serial Killer




The Compleat Serial Killer
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Serial killer find some other interesting things to do besides killing. Story involves severe action even to snuff but has a happy ending.
                     The Compleat Serial killer
                              by Allene

 The first murder was an accident. Honest! When you know more
about me and the circumstances you will understand.
 I was fifty when my life kind of came to a head. My job as an
insurance adjuster was ninety percent boring and ten percent
interesting. The interesting part was the arsonists and con
artists who were successful in ripping off insurance companies. I
had always been interested in perfect crimes. Since I was in
contact with police agencies a lot in my business their stories
of people who they knew had committed crimes but couldn't be
convicted fascinated me.
 That year two things happened that changed my life. My wife
was killed in an accident with an eighteen wheeler when the
driver fell asleep at the wheel.  Thanks to my expertise I
collected a bundle from their insurance company. Then some land I
had invested in became very valuable when Seattle expanded out to
envelope it.
 I had been flying for years but could never afford to have my
own plane. I bought a Cessna 182 that had been owned by a
parachute club that had gone broke. I decided that it would be
good to have the plane handy so I sold the big house we had in
town, bought some land in the boonies, quit my shit job and
rented a bulldozer to make an airstrip and put up a pre-fab
house.The place just had a dirt road for fifteen miles to get to
the place put in by logging companies who had abandoned it after
the forest was logged out. After a windstorm the road was
impassible because of fallen trees.It didn't bother me since I
just left my car at the airport in town and commuted back and
forth in my plane for supplies. 
 For a year I stayed interested in the place while I built a
hangar for the plane and installed runway and approach lights for
the strip I could activate from my plane by clicking the
microphone on a certain frequency. Now I could arrive home after
dark. I put large x's at both ends of the strip to let other
pilots know it was a closed strip to keep other planes off while
I was away on trips.
 I figured I had enough money to spend about sixty thousand
per year till I was seventy five. By that time I would be too
fucking old to need money.
 For another year I just travelled around which had been my
dream for years but I found I lost interest in it once I had been
to every place I wanted to go. 
 I could only stay home for a few weeks before I got bored and
lonely so I began to fly to Seattle, Portland Oregon or Vancouver
B.C. to get a good meal at a great restaurant. 
 One night while looking for something to do I happened on a
place that advertised AMATEUR NUDE DANCING CONTEST. I went in
because the idea of seeing a girl get naked in front of a bunch
of men for the first time turned me on. Of course for the most
part there were no real amateurs. The amateurs were the ones that
didn't look bored. They had boy friends with them. I was jealous
that they would do that to please their boyfriends. I never gave
up hope though and would go to different towns on the nights of
the scheduled contests to see if I could meet a real amateur.
 One night a particularly pretty girl talked me into letting
her give me a couch dance for ten dollars. It wasn't that big a
deal. She just straddled my legs while I sat on a couch while she
squirmed around. Under the house rules I couldn't touch her with
my hands so it was more embarrassing than sexy especially since I
imagined the men watching us were thinking how hard up I must be
to pay good money just to be close to a girl.
 She got my interest after the dance when she fed me some
bullshit about how she was broke and needed rent money. She
offered to go to my motel room and do anything I wanted for an
hour for a hundred dollars. 
 I hadn't been laid for a long time. The hundred was no
problem and I decided if she gave me AIDS it wouldn't really
matter since I wouldn't even know it till I was sixty. By this
time I was pretty well convinced I would be dead of boredom by
sixty anyway. I gave her my motel key and she was to be there at
two AM when she got off work.
 I decided to go on back to my room and take a nap so I would
be fresh for it. I set the alarm on my wrist watch for one forty
five and went to sleep. When the alarm went off I got up and
watched TV till two thirty. When she still hadn't shown up I
assumed it was just a con to get motel keys so they could rob the
rooms and went back to sleep.
 At about three I was awakened by insistent knocking on my
door. I opened it and let her in to hear her demand the hundred.
I gave it to her and went back to the bed. I was really zonked
and was trying to wake up when I looked up and saw her standing
there saying, "Well, You obviously aren't up to it. I will see
you next time."
 She started toward the door with my hundred which pissed me
off and I jumped up and grabbed the hand that held my bill. She
tried to knee me in the nuts which pissed me off more and I meant
to punch her in the mouth. Unfortunately she jerked her head back
and I hit her right in the throat. I must have crushed something
in her throat because she began to gurgle and then dropped to the
floor. In a minute or two she was dead.
 At first I panicked. I was sure if I called the cops the
least I would get was a manslaughter charge. I finally calmed
down a little. I had given the motel a false name and a phoney
license plate number. I went through her purse. She had three
drivers licenses under different names and she must have had a
good night since there were several tens and twenties in the
purse along with a couple of hundreds she must have ripped off
from sleepy men using the method she had tried on me. There was a
set of car keys in the purse. She must have needed some
mechanical work on it because there was a tag attached to the
keys saying "82 Honda HEK768"
 I got dressed and found the car in the parking lot and drove
it a few blocks west in a residential area where it would not be
impounded for a few days. 
 I walked back and loaded her into the trunk of one of the
junker cars I had bought to leave at the small airports I used
often to avoid the hassle of renting cars.
 The airport was abandoned at that time in the morning so I
drove up to my plane, loaded her in the right seat and put on her
seat and shoulder belt to hold her in position. Then I removed
the quick release right door that had been installed to
facilitate the parachute drops and put it in the back seat. I
parked my car in it's usual spot then took off.
 I flew a couple of miles out over the ocean then took her
belts loose, banked the plane on it's side so she would fall out.
I never saw her hit the water.
 I almost froze my ass off flying all the way home with the
door off but I was afraid to land anywhere to put it back on.
 I was scared to death! There was no way I would get off with
manslaughter now. I would sit in my house imagining my trial
listening to the prosecuting attorney explaining how I had
murdered her and then in cold blood dropped her in the ocean.
 I flew to town every day to buy the Seattle times and the
Seattle P.I. to read every word looking for anything about
finding her body or that she was missing under any of the three
names she had on the drivers licenses.
 After two weeks with no mention at all I decided she must
have been a freelance whore with no-one that missed her and began
to relax.
 When I began to calm down I began to realize that the
adrenaline brought on by the fear and excitement had made me feel
more alive than I had ever been in my whole life.
 I began to rationalize that I had done the world a favor by
getting rid of that bitch. She was nothing but a prick-teaser
that preyed on men. I even began to feel sorry for the men she
had robbed that couldn't afford it. Before long I had her
stealing food from hungry childrens mouths.
 The more I thought about it the more I realized that for the
first time in my life I had a mission!
 I knew that I had been very lucky the first time. If her pimp
or a cab driver had been waiting for her I would have been in a
world of shit. I planned carefully to avoid being connected to
the disappearance of anyone else.
 First of all I decided to buy a gun to protect myself in the
event I did run into a girl that knew karate or had a burly
boyfriend. This was really easy. I saw an ad in the paper for a
38 Colt Cobra pistol. The man that sold it to me didn't even ask
my name. With a little research I learned how to make a silencer
for it out of hardware parts. It worked great. When I fired it
there was just a "wuft" sound no louder than a sneeze.
 I decided to take the easy way for my next victim.
 I rented another motel room under a phoney name asking to be
at the back of the motel as far away from the street and office
as possible. Then I went into town and picked up a street hooker.
As soon as we were in the room I pulled out the gun and had her
put her hands behind her back so I could handcuff them. She
begged, "Please mister. Don't rob me. My boyfriend will kill me
if I tell him I have been robbed again!" I ignored her and put a
ball gag in her mouth I had found at one of the sex shops. I then
checked to see no-one was around and led her back to my car. 
 At that point my nightmare happened. I heard a voice behind
the car saying, "Where in fuck do you think you are going with my
bitch." Thanks to hours of practice at the ranch I just pulled
the gun from my shoulder holster and shot him between the eyes.
He dropped like a stone. She began to thrash around trying to get
out of the car so I bopped her on the head with the gun. I loaded
him into the trunk then pushed her down on the floor and threw a
blanket over her then went on to the air strip. Their office
closed at six pm so no-one was around while I searched him before
loading him into the plane. I took her purse and loaded her. 
 I must have bopped her harder than I thought. She was still
unconscious when I dropped her out of the plane. I put the plane
on auto-pilot while I wrestled him into position to be dropped.
 On the way home I was again very frightened and berated
myself for not noticing her pimp had followed us to the motel.
 At home I went through the things I had found. They both had
keys to the same motel room so they must not have had a regular
home. There was also no car keys. I had seen the taxi pull into
the motel behind me but had thought nothing about it. Evidentally
that was how the pimp had followed. They had about eight hundred
dollars in cash and a couple of small plastic envelopes
containing white powder I assumed was cocaine. To my amazement
his drivers licence put his age at only two years younger than
me. I had always assumed pimps would be young. He also had a Visa
card which I assumed was billed to the address on his drivers
license at Vancouver Washington.
 Again I read the papers from Seattle and also Vancouver. No
mention was made of them for two weeks so I again began to relax.
I decided to de-laminate his drivers license and insert my
picture where his had been. Now I could use his ID to rent cars.
I would never actually charge the car to the card I would just
use it for ID then pay cash. I even called his bank and paid the
hundred and thirty dollars owed on the card so the bank would not
cancel and had them change the mailing address to a post office
box in Seattle I had rented in his name.
 I happened on a real find in a hock shop. It was a gold
plated detectives badge which must have been hocked by a police
widow. I went to a police supply store and bought the flip out ID
folder to hold the badge.
 Now it was really easy to get girls in my car. I would just
hang out till I was solicited then arrest them. I must have got
more hookers off the street in the next four months than the vice
squad. The fish must have loved hearing my plane go over head.
 It became a simple routine. Too simple and routine! As time
went on I began to get a little kinky. I would make them strip
naked then tie their hands and elbows together at their backs so
they could not grab anything then have them give me a blow job on
the way to the ocean. After I came I would bring the engine down
to idle and dump them out fully conscious so I could listen to
them scream on the way down.
 Finally I decided I might as well have some fun with them so
I took them back to the ranch with me and made them perform every
kind of sex act I could think of. Eventually it occurred to me
that this was not a big deal to them. The only novelty was the
fact I was not paying for it. It was also kind of a pain because
they would try to escape and I had to worry about them killing me
in my sleep if they got loose from their bonds. 
 The last whore gave me trouble all the time she was at the
ranch. I had to punch her out a couple of times when she kicked
or bit me. Even then when she regained consciousness she would
swear at me and say she would cut my nuts off if she had to die
to do it.
 As soon as I had her tied securely and belted in the plane I
told her exactly what I was going to do. She wouldn't believe me
and just kept screaming over the noise of the slipstream and
engine, "You fucking wuss. You don't have the guts to kill me.
When you cut me loose My boyfriend and I will find you and I am
going to cut off your nuts with a hacksaw!"
 That sounded super painful so I dropped her from eight
thousand feet to give her more time to scream before her body
splattered against the water.
 The next girl was pure accident. I went into the Bon Marche
to pick up a few pairs of socks. On my way out I passed the
perfume counter and happened to see a pretty blonde about twenty
years old casually scoop a bottle of perfume into her open purse.
She was really smooth. If I hadn't been admiring her nice breasts
just above her purse I would have missed it. I stalled around
until she finally walked out to the street.
 I grabbed her elbow and flashed my badge while saying,
 "Miss. I would like to talk to you about the perfume in your
purse."
 She began to blubber. "Oh please don't arrest me. The judge
said if I was ever arrested again I would go to jail."
 I just ignored her and led her over to my car then handcuffed
her wrists and put her into the back seat where I had removed the
handles to the windows and doors. I had rented a plain Jane Chevy
like the cars the detectives drove but in this case it would not
have mattered if I had loaded her into a pick-up truck. She was
shook up so much and crying so hard she did not even notice I was
on Interstate 5 going north till we turned off on the exit to the
airstrip.
 "Where are we going? Why aren't you taking me to the police
station?"
 " There are so damn many shoplifters like you working now we
set up a special office to process them. Don't worry once you are
booked you can call a lawyer. You will probably be back on the
street in a couple of hours. Do you have a job so you can get
bail?"
 "Nnno. That is why I wanted the perfume. I have a job
interview tomorrow. I need the job real bad. I couldn't pay my
apartment rent so I am just staying in a cruddy hotel on a day to
day basis."
 "In that case you may be interested in an alternative. The
state has set up a work camp to get the park ready. If you agree
to donate five days labor the offense won't go on your record and
the state will re-imburse the store for the perfume."
 I was amazed at myself for coming up with this bullshit idea
on such short notice. She didn't look too bright and if she
bought this story I would not have to kill three hours with her
till the office closed at the strip.
 It was all I could do to hide my glee when she answered with
relief.
 "Really! I think I have heard about that. I will be glad to
do it! The first time I was arrested it was just a misdemeanor
but the judge said if I was arrested again it would be a felony
and I would have a record forever. If I have a felony record I
may never get a job."
 "You have made a good choice. Since you are being so
cooperative when we get to the airstrip I will take off your
handcuffs. That way you won't be embarrassed since the people
there will not know you are under arrest. The airplane has no
police markings so they will just think you are taking a trip."
 "Oh thank you. Being arrested is horribly embarrassing. Oh,
shouldn't we go to my hotel so I can get my clothes?"
 "No you won't need them. They will issue work clothes and
shoes."
 "Oh yes of course, but the hotel said they would impound my
stuff if I didn't pay my rent."
 "That is no problem. They give them back to you when the rent
is paid. You won't owe more than one night."
 At the airstrip I parked at my usual spot about a hundred
feet from the office near a gate in the fence by my plane. I kept
her back to the office and loaded her into the front seat where
she sat patiently while I took off the tie-downs and did the pre-
flight inspection. I taxied to the end of the strip, went over
the check-list, looked for other traffic and took off. She was
thrilled.
 "Oh this is fun. I have never been in an airplane before.
Everything is so pretty from up here."
 I agreed with her. One of the main reasons I liked to fly was
because everything looked better from the air. In forty minutes I
began the let down to landing. It was still daylight so I did not
have to activate the lights.
 The cyclone fence I had installed around the property
evidentally helped convince her it was a state facility.
 "Oh except for the fence it would just look like a farm. It
is really beautiful and the air smells so good. I came from a
farm, I really miss the fresh air."
 Just for the fun of it I decided to see how long I could
carry off this farce. I took her through the door that led into
my office with the computer, desk and maps on the wall."
 "Where is everybody?"
 "Oh they are out on work details. When we are done here I
will take you over to the barracks where you will be assigned a
bed and work clothes then you will go to the mess hall for
dinner."
 I sat down at the computer and typed the following:
 "The undersigned Margaret Kilmer agrees to voluntary duty
 for the Washington State Forestry department in lieu of
 probable prosecution and imprisonment for the offense of
 shoplifting.

      Signature.____________________________________
      
      Witness. _____________________________________ "

 She read it quickly, signed it then passed it back to me to
be witnessed.
 I was anxious to see what promised to be a very nice body so
I tested her further.
 "Naturally you will have to be searched to make sure you do
not have any weapons or lock picks. Would you remove your
clothing please."
 "Yes I know. At least it won't be as embarrassing as last
time. They took me to an office in the store and I had to get
nude while the store manager and two security police searched me.
When I got to the police station a woman searched me again and
she was really rough and mean."
 I sat back in my chair and enjoyed the view as she took off
her clothes piece by piece and put them neatly on a chair. When
she was totally naked I had her turn around slowly to give me a
complete view.
 She ended up facing me with her arm covering part of her
breasts and her other hand over her pussy. I had her put her arms
over her head then lifted and pulled on each breast supposedly
looking for lock-picks glued into the folds. I spent a lot of
time reaming her pussy and was gratified when she began to
breathe irregularly and my fingers became wet.  
 I decided to see if she was as gullible as I thought.
 "We have a problem with body lice here. To avoid the problem
I will remove your body hair with this." I pulled out the dog
clippers I had used on my dog till it had got into a fight with a
coyote and was killed.
 "Oh yes. When I was in the city jail a girl told me not to
sit on the toilet seats because of the crabs."
 I had her lie back on my desk. I took my time shaving her.
She became even more excited when I pulled the labia around to
get every hair and rested the vibrating clipper against her clit.
 "You must be a very naughty girl to become sexually excited
by a strip-search and shave. We spank naughty girls."
 "Oh yes I know. The guard at the police station said he would
spank me if I was not good. I was very good so he didn't do it. I
guess I am not very nice. I just couldn't help getting excited.
It was very thrilling."
 I reached into the large drawer of my desk and pulled out a
leather paddle and a whip with five leather thongs about sixteen
inches long.
 "I find it is best that prisoners know right up front that
they will be punished if necessary. Since it is your first time
you can choose. Do you want your spanking with the paddle or the
whip?"
 I gave them to her one at a time and she felt them and made
little swings with them then said, "The whip doesn't seem so
heavy. I don't want to be bruised so I think I would rather you
use the whip."
 This was really getting to be fun so I thought I would
experiment further.
 "Fine. You need forty points. Spanks to your butt count one
point, spanks to your breasts count two points and spanks to your
crotch are worth three points. Where would you like them?"
 "Gee, I don't know. I have only been spanked on my bottom."
 She thought for a moment and then said, "Could you give me
one on each place first so I can make up my mind?"
 "Yes I guess that would be alright. Stretch your arms up over
your head."
 As soon as her arms were up I gave her one across the cheeks
of her butt, then one across the tops of her breasts and then
after having her open her legs one directed down so the thongs
covered both lips and the tips hit the inner cheeks of her butt.
 Her only reaction was a flinch at each lash and a sharp
intake of breath. When I finished the last one she was trembling
slightly and beginning to pant.
 She took a deep breath and let it out slowly then said,
 "Give me ten on my breasts and seven on my puss. I mean
crotch."
 I didn't mention that she was asking for forty one points
when she only owed forty and had taken no credit for the six
points she earned with the experiment.
 She stretched her arms back up and spread her legs even
further.
 This was turning out much better than I had hoped. It had
never occurred to me that a woman would get excited at the
prospect of a whipping and my original plan of just enjoying the
feeling of great power over her began to change to sexual
stimulation. My dick was hard as a rock when I brought back the
whip. 
 I never planned to really hurt her and started easy but to my
surprise her only reaction was small moans at each lash
alternately at her breasts and crotch and I began hitting harder
to make her tits jump and her pussy lips squirm. Now she made
little yips and shrank back only to push herself back out to meet
the lash.
 She never got out of position even though her breasts jumped
violently at each lash and the lips of her pussy squirmed and
contracted.
 When I finished she was sweating like crazy and gasping,
between gasps she moaned, "Fuck me! Please fuck me! I need it."
 I was more than ready and dropped my pants and shorts to
follow her to the floor. She bucked like crazy and it was great!
I thought I would have a heart attack when I came."
 While I laid on the floor trying to get my breath she got up
and started putting on her clothes. When she had her pants and
bra on she turned to say,
 "I've got you sucker! I am not sure about the whipping but I
know you aren't allowed to fuck the prisoners. If you don't get
me back to Seattle before the others get here I am going to say
that you whipped and raped me. 
 She tore up the paper she had signed and then said nastily,
"Come on! Lets get out of here. I have a dinner date at nine
o'clock and I am starved."
 She thought I had screwed up! If the dumb bitch had kept her
mouth shut for a minute I had planned to tell her that I had
decided to let her off and take her back in greatitude for the
best sex I had for years. Now I was pissed off!
 I pulled out my gun and took her into the big room where I
tied her arms to the hooks in the ceiling while I berated her.
 "Jesus, Margaret I thought you were a really nice girl that
just made a slip in a weak moment. I was going to take you back
to Seattle and turn you loose. But no! You decide to be a bitch
from Hell and try to blackmail me. I can't tell you how naughty I
think you are and you know what happens to naughty girls. I guess
I will just wait till the ten other guys get here. I know they
will want to help me punish you. Let's see that will be five
hundred points. Start thinking about where you want them. I am
going for a walk."
 I started walking slowly to the door while she wailed behind
me. "Don't go! I didn't mean it! I wouldn't have said anything!   
I'll do anything for you! Don't go!" When I opened the door she
began to cry in anguish.
 Of course there weren't ten more guys and I suppose if I had
really been a cop her blackmail scheme might have worked. I just
let her hang there by her arms to ponder her fate. I smiled as I
thought she must have come to the realization that all cops were
bastards and now she had eleven mad at her instead of one. I
chuckled as I imagined her thinking of huge black guys with long
evil looking whips.
 As long as I had some time to kill while her terror reached
maximum I decided to go out to the hangar shop. I welded some
cable in a circle to lag bolts I could screw into the floor to
hold her legs apart. I spotted a wooden chair in the corner which
gave me an inspiration. I glued thumbtacks all over the bottom of
it. While the glue dried I carefully lettered the following:

                               NOTICE
 TO ALL PERSONNEL; 
      The work camp will be closed for the next thirty 
      days while the Prosecuting Attorneys Office determines
      The constitutionality of holding suspects without
      trial. Even with their consent. If you have arrived
      with a prisoner, return them to the city where they
      were arrested for standard booking and trial

 BY ORDER OF CHIEF MURPHY.

 I had no idea who the police chief was but they are all Irish
aren't they?
 The glue was still not dry so I went on with another project
I had in progress. I had picked up a book at the library which
pictured or described all kinds of whips used on man and animals
throughout the ages. I decided to make all of them. I already had
a large leather paddle with holes drilled in it to cut wind
resistance, Several willow switches of varying thickness which I
kept soaking in a barrel of water to keep them flexible, a riding
crop, a buggy whip, a thong whip with four leather thongs a half
inch wide coming out of a handle, a whip the Japanese had used
consisting of split bamboo, and a bull whip. I was just finishing
up braiding a cat of nine tails. I was anxious to use each one so
I could get her reactions to see which whips caused the most
pain. I decided that I would not use the bamboo whip unless I
really got mad or she became expendable since the description of
the whip said it would strip the skin off the one being whipped.
It sounded pretty gross and I was not sure I would want to see
that much blood.
 I finished the "Cat" and put it in a large canvas bag that
had held a camp tent along with a four foot long willow switch, a
riding crop, the paddle and the thong whip.
 When I opened the door and came in  she raised her head and
began to plead. "Please don't let those men have me. I'll do
anything!"
 I held the "Notice" I had made up so she could read it. "Read
this. There is no-one here but you and me."
 "Oh. Let me down and I will get dressed so you can take me
back. I won't tell anyone you made love to me. You can do it
again if you want to."
 " No I don't think so. It just so happens that I had just
started my three week vacation when you interrupted it. I can't
trust you after the way you acted. I think I will keep you around
for awhile and see if I can make some improvements on your
personality.
 All the time I was screwing the rings in the floor to spread
her legs her mouth kept going.
 "You can't do this! My boyfriend will worry when I don't show
up for dinner and will check on me."
 "Knowing you I am sure you have stood him up before. He will
just think you got a better offer."
 "No. It won't matter! When I stood him up before he came to
see me in the morning."
 "Yeah right! I'll bet he told you if you ever stood him up
again he would never talk to you again."
 I must have hit the nail right on the head because she just
began crying. While I was spreading her legs far enough to make
the tendons in her inner thighs show and make her pussy lips
gape. she mumbled,
 "He didn't mean it. He will look for me."
 "Lots of luck! You don't even know where you are. Neither
does anyone else." 
 "Oooh God! What are you going to do to me?"
 "Do you see my five little spanking implements?" Her eyes
widened and she nodded with another burst of sobbing. "I am going
to lay them out in what I think is in the order of their
severity. As we go along you can see if you agree with my
choices. I have placed the large clock on the wall in front of
you so you can know the next session which will be at the start
of the hour. You have ten minutes till the first session of
thirty spanks."
      I laid out the paddle, the thonged whip, the riding crop, the
cat, and finally the switch that I knew would cut the skin.
 She became increasingly agitated as the minute hand
approached the hour and began to scream at me. 
 "This is kidnapping! You can't keep me forever. You will be
in jail your whole life!"
 The minute hand worked up to the hour and I began the session
by hitting her ass with the paddle. The cheeks flattened and
instantly turned red which deepened in shade by the tenth. Then I
started on her tits. They flattened level with her chest wall
with each blow and turned fiery red. Her screams became more
guttural till she passed out from the pain. I was expecting this
so I threw a couple of buckets of cold water on her till I was
satisfied she was fully conscious. The paddle was too wide to
cover her pussy so I was satisfied by hitting her inner thighs
and lower stomach. She had great stomach muscles the paddle did
not sink in to knock the wind out of her or make her sick.
 I let her hang by her arms with her head down moaning and
sobbing for a half hour then hit her with another bucket of cold
water and gave her a drink of water laced with some "Speed" from
the friendly neighborhood drug dealer to keep her alert.
 At ten to the hour she began to plead, "Please don't hit me
anymore. I'll be good! I'll do anything for you."
 "Oh really. What for instance?"
 "I'll suck on your dick, or you can fuck me again. You liked
that."
 "No I don't think so. I have already done that. Besides, I
want to see which of these instruments really impresses you."
 She continued to plead until I used the thonged whip. I tried
to have just the ends of it hit the inner cheeks of her ass, her
asshole, her nipples, and the lips of her cunt. She screamed till
she was hoarse but this time she did not pass out. I assume the
amphetamines helped.
 She hung there moaning again till she saw the minute hand
close to the hour. Evidentally she gave up on pleading. Her eyes
just got wide and she howled when I picked up the crop.
 I could be a lot more accurate with the crop and could
concentrate on her asshole, her nipples, and the center of her
cunt.
 She passed out again so I threw more water on her and when
she was breathing nearly normally I gave her another drink of
"Speed" laced water.
 Just before the minute hand got to the hour I began to
experiment by swinging the "Cat" She screamed and fought the
ropes when I hit it up against the wall.
 "No! No! Don't hit me with that. You will kill me! I'll do
anything!"
 "Alright would you like a little break? I can loosen your
ropes and you can sit down for awhile."
 "Oh would you! My arms and legs are all cramped."
 "Sure you can sit here until you want to go on."
 I held up the chair with the tacks so she could have a good
look.
 "You are a fucking animal. You aren't satisfied just by
hurting me. Now you want me to hurt myself."
 Suddenly she got an idea.
 "That is what you have wanted all along isn't it? If I ask
you to whip me while I sit in the chair will you be satisfied and
end this?"
 "Yes if you can show some willpower. If you sit on the chair
and put your hands on your head and ask for ten lashes on the
front of your body I will be satisfied."
 She shuddered then took a deep breath and said, "Alright I
will do it. Please loosen the ropes."
 I loosened the ropes then unhooked the ones to her wrists.
She stood there shakily while I continued,
 "Of course if you take your hands off your head or get up off
the chair I will just have to start over again."
 "Oh no! I promise I will do it."
 "Okay sit down."
 She slowly and gingerly let herself down on the tacks. When
she was fully seated I had her put her legs behind her so just
her toes were touching the floor so I could be sure all her
weight was on the tacks.
 Then she put her hands on her head and said whimperingly,
 "Please give me ten lashes on the front of my body."
 I gave them to her slowly about five seconds apart. She
managed to keep her hands on her head but could not help
squirming in the chair as the cat left deep red stripes from the
top of her pussy to the top of her breasts.
 When I was through I said, "You did very well. I am proud of
you."
 She actually thanked me. 
 "Oh thank you. I know I deserved being punished. I won't do
anything again to make you punish me."
 "Good then I will give you a reward. I will lay on my back
and you can fuck me."
 "Oh my pussy is too sore!" Then she looked frightened and
continued, "But that is all right. I want to fuck you. Thank you
for your reward."
 I laid on my back with my now throbbing hard-on. She climbed
on gingerly but in a moment she began to overcome the pain and
began to pump in earnest. To my amazement she appeared to go into
orgasm.
 For the next week she couldn't do enough to please me. She
didn't complain about being naked all the time and when I noticed
some hair was beginning to appear on her pussy she ran to get the
razor and laid back over the arm of the couch so I could shave it
again.
 Naturally having her around naked all the time was no longer
a turn on for me. One day she was fondling my dick and there was
no reaction. She tried licking and sucking on it and when I still
just appeared bored she said,
 "You need to hurt me to get really excited, don't you? I
don't mind. My boyfriend spanks me. As long as it isn't too hard
it makes me excited.You didn't get to use the switch on me. Would
you like to whip me with it? I will get into any position you
like."
 It was a good move on her part. I had made up my mind to hang
her upside down so she would not lose consciousness so easily and
stripe her entire body with the cat and the switch.
 She leaned over the back of the couch pushing her butt up in
the air.
 "Is this alright for you to do my bottom and thighs?"
 She was taking all the fun out of whipping her by being so
agreeable.I thought that if she was getting off on being whipped
the whole thing was counter-productive. 
 I tested her by giving her ten hard ones that left very
satisfactory stripes from the middle of her thighs to the top of
her cheeks.
 She screamed at each one but when I quit she seemed very
excited and panted, "Would you fuck me? Please?"
 In answer I simply spread her legs and fucked her from behind
while she leaned over the back of the couch while I used her tits
to pull her striped ass into my loins.
 She went into orgasms long before I did and when I pulled out
she got on her knees to clean my dick with her tongue. 
 Then she said, "I didn't know I would react this way from
being your slave. I am going to be sorry when we have to go back
to Seattle."
 I decided that the time was not right to tell her that the
three week story was a lie. I didn't know what to do with her
now. I didn't want a lover and yet I couldn't think of an excuse
to kill her and move on since she was being so cooperative.
 I decided to ease up on her till I decided what to do. I took
off her handcuffs and leg shackles and gave her the run of the
place. She was really grateful and willing to do anything till
she got on my nerves. I told her to go outside and get a tan.
That night she licked and sucked on my dick till she had it hard
and then just about fucked me into a coma.
 About two in the morning I was awakened from a deep sleep by
an alarm and all the yard lights coming on. I realized instantly
that someone was trying to get through the fence. When the bed
beside me was empty I knew who it was.
 I unlocked the drawer that held my gun and ran out toward the
gate. She was sitting on the ground crying after discovering the
hard way that the fence was electrified and touching it had set
off the alarm. When I got to her I was practically screaming.
 "You rotten bitch! The minute I decide to go easy you fucking
try to escape. I should blow your ass away."
 "Go ahead You rotten motherfucker! I would rather die than
put up with any more of your sick shit. I am not moving! Just
shoot me!"
 "No chance of that! You are going to find out you have had it
very easy so far."
 I handcuffed her hands behind her back and then ran a rope
from the cuffs to between her legs to pull her back to the house.
Every time I jerked on the rope it would disappear into her cunt.
 By the time we got back to the house she was sobbing and
howling. I tied her ankles to ropes to the ceiling and pulled up
her legs till her ass was off the floor. Then I put a gag in her
mouth and went back to bed to get some rest and decide what I was
going to do. It took me quite awhile to get back to sleep as I
was really pissed off at myself for letting her con me and giving
her so much freedom. I realized how lucky I was that she decided
to try to escape rather than killing me.
 When I awoke I went over to her and took off her gag. The
first thing she said was, "Would you let me down please? I have
to pee really bad."
 I didn't bother to answer I just tied her handcuffs to the
floor and pulled up her legs till her arms were nearly dislocated
at the shoulders. Then I put a large pan under her head and said,
 "Go ahead and pee anytime you want. I am going to make some
coffee."
 After I got my coffee I went back to her and noticed the pan
was still dry.
 "I thought you had to pee."
 "I can't, you bastard. I am in too much pain. My joints are
killing me. Let me down!"
 "No I don't think pain has anything to do with it. Let's find
out."
 I knew from basic anatomy that the bladder was in the
vicinity of the pubic bone so I proceeded to hit that area with
the paddle. After a few blows piss started dribbling down her
stomach then ran faster wetting down her whole front running
between her breasts and onto her neck and hair to fall into the
pan.
 "See. Your bladder just needed a little stimulation."
 "You bastard! I should have killed you in your sleep. The
next time I will!"
 If I had not been convinced before that I would have to kill
her that certainly did it. 
 "I believe you. There won't be a next time. I want to test a
couple of things. I have a theory that you won't lose
consciousness from pain if your head is down and I have a new
whip I know you will be interested in."
 I went out to the shop to get the bamboo whip while her
curses faded behind me.
 She was just hanging there sobbing when I returned.
 "Look at this. I made it myself from descriptions and photos
in the library. I understand it will literally flay the skin from
your body."
 "No! For God's sake don't hit me with that! I'll do anything
you want! I won't try to escape again. I promise!"
 "Unfortunately you lied to me before. I believe it is more
likely that you will try to kill me as you promised."
 She evidentally gave up trying to convince me because she
just began to cry and to plead, "Please Don't. Please no!"
 I began at her lower back and worked up to the back of her
thighs. The whip worked just as advertised. Every blow left cuts
across the skin that immediately began to bleed. Her screams
became weaker by the time I had cut up her tits and quit
completely before I cut her cunt to shreds. My theory about being
unable to become unconscious obviously was not true. I couldn't
be completely sure about that because when I finished with her
cunt and checked on her she was dead. I learned something very
important from this experience. Even though it was very exciting
to kill her this way it was also very messy.There must have been
a quart or more of blood on the floor and some walls were
splattered. I decided if I did it again I would do it outside so
I would not have such a big clean up chore. 
 I let her hang there till all the blood stopped running.
 When the sun went down I wrapped her in a standard sheet you
could buy at any department store and loaded her in the plane for
her burial at sea.
 By this time I was convinced that all women were liars,
cheats and potential murderers that would do anything for their
personal gain.
 I decided that I may want to become a little more secretive
in my search for my next victims so I visited a store that sold
wigs, costumes and make-up for college plays and other
productions. They were very helpful so I bought some wigs,
moustaches, eyebrows and lift shoes to increase my height. I knew
that people are notoriously poor eye witnesses unless they are
with you for several hours.
 I had decided I needed younger more athletic girls so I did a
little research. I went to the law library and picked up a
standard modeling contract. Then I used my computer to put a
Sports Illustrated letterhead at the top of the first page. The
contract offered seven hundred dollars per hour with a five hour
minimum with the offer of ten thousand dollars if the model was
featured in a fall issue. I could have made it a million but I
wanted it to be realistic.  I used my computer to make a business
card using the name of one of the photographers credited in the
magazine. I kept the magazine to show the type of work my
character did. There was a large layout of girls in track events.
Then I researched the college yearbooks to pick out my potential
victim. I found two girls at Seattle University that looked good
so I decided I would give them a shot as either would do. I had
their addresses so stopped by their sorority on a friday
afternoon. 
 One potential victim, Kathy Robinson, was there and as we
were talking the other girl, Kelly Barton, walked in and was
called over to us by Kathy. I had explained that Sports
Illustrated was making test shoots of the cheer leaders of the
western schools and would pick the most photogenic of each school
for a major spread which would pay ten thousand and most likely
lead to other modelling assignments.
 I looked very distinguished in a snow white wig and moustache
with aviator glasses and a thousand dollar suit. Kelly was
suspicious but Kathy sold her.
 "Of course it is legit, Kelly. Look at this contract. I have
modelled before and this is a legitimate contract although it
pays a lot better than the assignment I had for an ad agency.
Look at it! With this money we can go skiing at Vail! You know we
would both like to be models. Look at the pictures he took for
the magazine. They are beautiful!"
 "Well maybe. The money would really come in handy. There
won't be any nudity will there. I will not pose nude."
 I answered with a hurt expression, "Kelly! Haven't you ever
read our magazine? We have never had any nudes. The closest thing
to it would be our swimsuit issue."
 "Oh yes, I am sorry. I do read it every month. How long would
we have to wait to be paid?"
 "It is in the contract. You will be paid a minimum of five
hours after our 'shoot' tomorrow. If you are picked for the
feature you will get the ten thousand when picked. 
 As you must realize I am rushed for time. I have five more
schools to get before our deadline. I must have your answer now.
If you agree, pack your uniform and an overnight case so I can
fly you to the dude ranch in the mountains for the shoot.
Washington girls will be shot in the mountains, California girls
at the beach. Can you ride a horse?"
 They said in chorus, "Oh yes. We love horses."
 I had them sign the contract and I witnessed their signatures
and then waited while they ran upstairs to pack. I told them I
would wait for them in the Cadillac outside. 
 In a few moments they came out lugging suitcases which I put
in the trunk.
 In the car Kelly said, "I forgot to ask you exactly where we
are going. I want to call my boy friend and let him know."
 "No problem you can call him from the airport and then call
him again at the dude ranch to let him know you arrived safely."
 I gave them another phoney business card giving the address
and phone number of a legitimate dude ranch in western Oregon.
Kelly recognized the name of the place so when the office at the
airstrip was closed she said, "Oh well, I'll just call him from
the ranch."
 I put their luggage in the plane and helped them buckle up in
the back seat so they could talk. Kelly spent so much time
telling Kathy how great the ranch was that neither of them
noticed we were not flying south. 
 When I got near my airstrip I actuated the runway and
approach lights by clicking my microphone. Kelly said, "We're
here! I recognize the airport."
 When we landed and were unloading Kelly became suspicious.
 "Everything is different. Where are the horse corrals and the
big barn?"
 I decided there was no reason to carry the farce any further
so I just pulled out my gun and gave them the bad news.
 "The reason it looks different is because this is my home and
you are my guests. If you are cooperative you may find this to be
an exciting experience. If you are uncooperative you may find it
quite painful."
 Kelly said angrily, "You can't do this you creep! We told
everybody who you were and where we were going. If we aren't back
Sunday they will start looking for us."
 "Let's think about that. You told everyone I was with Sports
Illustrated. I am not. You may have even showed them or left my
business card. It is phony and so is the name. You told them we
were going to 'Red's Horse Ranch' which is about three hundred
and fifty miles south east of us. When they call the ranch they
will find that we had reservations but never showed up.
 Kathy said, "I think he has us, Kelly. Cooperate with him I
don't want to get shot."
 "Get real! If this bastard is so hard up he has to kidnap
girls for house guests he doesn't have the nerve to shoot
anyone."She looked at me with pure hate. "Isn't that right? You
pussy."
 She pissed me off so much I almost shot her on the spot. At
the last second I got control and decided I would be letting her
off easy by shooting her. I settled with slapping her face as
hard as I could and then told Kathy to cuff her hands behind her
back.
 When Kelly was cuffed I had Kathy turn her back to me so I
could cuff her. While I was doing this Kelly ran off into the
darkness. 
 I took Kathy into the house and tied one of the ceiling ropes
to her cuffs. By the time I had her secure I heard the alarm go
off. I got onto my four wheeler ATV and went out to look for her.
Evidentally she could run like a deer. I finally found her about
a half mile away trying to hide under some sage brush. She had
brought her arms around under her ass to get her hands in front
of her. She tried to run again but froze when I began firing the
gun close to her feet. I tied a rope to her cuffs and started
dragging her back to the house. Naturally she stumbled and fell
in the dark so I dragged her back the rest of her way on her
stomach. She was wearing jeans and a jacket so her skin would not
be cut but I knew she was picking up a lot of bruises while she
was bouncing over the rocks and brush.
 At the house she just laid there sobbing and gasping for
breath till I pulled her to her feet and took her into the house
where I tied her hands behind her back and to the rope in the
ceiling. When her legs were tied spread apart she was bent over
with her arms pulled out of the way to make pefect targets of her
ass and tits.
 I was a little breathless myself from the chase so I decided
to leave her there to get her breath while I had a drink. I
thought I might piss her off even more so I asked Kathy if she
would like to join me in a drink.
 "Oh God yes! I think I can say for the first time honestly,
that I really need one."
 I untied her and moved her handcuffs to the front and sat her
on the couch to watch Kelly regain her breath.
 "Would Crown Royal on the rocks be alright?"
 "Yes I like that. It is really smooth whiskey."
 I made our drinks and sat next to her on the couch while I
took off the wig and the rest of my makeup.
 Kathy said, "Jesus, the girl's description of you is going to
be worthless."
 "Thank you. I am glad I looked authentic."
 "Well I thought the wig was fake but I thought you were
wearing it because you were bald. You just got twenty years
younger."
 We just sat there sipping our drinks while Kelly began to
calm down and began to glare at us.
 Kathy asked, "How did she get so dirty?"
 "Well part of it was when she hid under the sagebrush. The
rest came when I dragged her back here across the ground at about
twenty miles an hour."
 "Jesus! That must have hurt."
 "Gee, I didn't think to ask her. Did that hurt, Kelly?"
 "Of course it hurt, you asshole. I must be covered with
bruises."
 "Well let's find out. You should be fairly graceful. Why
don't I put on some music so you can do a strip-tease for us?"
 "No fucking way! Let Kathy do it. She got drunk and stripped
for the whole fucking fraternity. The slut loved it!"
 Kathy was pissed off! "You set me up for that you bitch! You
got me drunk and said we would have a contest to see who could
get the most applause. After I stripped you finked out! To make
it worse you told everybody about it."
 I said, "I think she has hurt both of our feelings. That is
naughty and we spank naughty girls. Kathy, why don't you pull
down her jeans and give her twenty spanks with this." I handed
her the long switch then took off her handcuffs.
 Kelly eyes widened in shock as Kathy approached her swinging
the long supple switch menacingly.
 "Kathy! You couldn't! We have been friends for years!"
 "Yeah. Right! I am not as dumb as you. If I don't do as I am
told it will be me getting whipped. Considering how selfish and
pushy you have been I know you will appreciate my conclusion that
if one of us is going to be whipped. Better you than me."
 Ignoring the protests she unzipped and pulled down Kelly's
jeans. Before I had a chance to suggest it she also jerked down
her panties. then stepped back so Kelly could not see the glee
and excitement on her face as she put stripe after stripe from
the back of her thighs to the dimples on the top of her ass.
 My belief in the treachery of women was bolstered when Kathy
hugged Kelly after the brutal spanking and said, "I am so sorry
Kelly. You know I wouldn't have spanked you if I could help it.
If I hadn't he would have whipped us both much harder."
 Interestingly I had considered that threat but it was obvious
I did not need it. I had to smile at her duplicity to move all
the blame to me for something she obviously enjoyed.
 "I know but I just can't let this bastard humiliate me. I
hope he always lets you do the whipping. I know you will go as
easy as you can."  Kelly said this jerkily between sobs.
 I went to get a drink to hide my laughter caused by Kelly's
gullibility. When I got back Kathy had pulled up her jeans and
panties and was still consoling her.
 I said, "It is a little late to be covering her up. I have
already seen her pussy gaping and convulsing while she jumped
about while being spanked."
 Kelly blushed at that and clenched her striped ass cheeks to
hide her pussy.
 "Maybe she won't be so uptight about nudity if we are naked.
Kathy, why don't you show her how to do a strip-tease while I get
my clothes off."
 She did a hell of a job giving me a throbbing hard-on. When
she was naked I sat her on my dick where she fucked me violently
till we both convulsed in orgasm. When we laid on the couch to
recover Kathy whispered in my ear. "Oh that was wonderful. I had
heard it was better with older men because they could last longer
but I had no idea! Thank you for having me switch her. That bitch
has made my life hell but I have always had to be nice to her
because she has so much influence at school."
 I hugged her whispering, "I am glad you feel that way because
I enjoy watching you whip her. She is the kind of bitch from hell
anyone would like to see crying for mercy. If you have any
fantasies on ways to punish her let me know."
 Before she could answer Kelly began to yell over the music
that was still coming from the stereo. "You people are fucking
animals. Kathy, I knew you were a slut but I didn't know how
much. You didn't even argue with him. I know you came when he
fucked you! Don't even try to deny it! When we are rescued I am
going to tell everyone about you!"
 "Kathy, it doesn't look like she learned anything from the
spanking. Why don't you make us another drink while I decide what
needs to be done so I can get a little respect from her."
 "You shit! You can kill me but you can never make me respect
you. I was not raised to be a wimp."
 When Kathy got back with the drinks I gave her a pair of
scissors and said, "She won't need clothes any longer, cut them
off of her."
 Kathy made that a slow strip for me as she first cut off the
pants and panties that could only be pulled down to mid-thigh
because of her widely stretched legs then cut off the blouse and
bra to reveal large perfectly formed breasts with pink nipples I
planned to turn maroon because of her next statement.
 When she was naked she said, "Are you happy pervert? I have
proved my point! You couldn't get me to take them off willingly
like Kathy."
   I moved the cuffs to the front and pulled her arms up to the
ceiling until they were tight and her stomach had flattened her
waist shrunk and her ribs began to show under the tightly
stretched skin.
 She whimpered as Kathy said, "Oh God, Kelly. You should see
yourself! You are beautiful! I have never seen your waist so
tiny. It makes your boobs and butt look even bigger."
 Kelly screamed, "Are you fucking crazy! I don't want to look
good for this pervert. He might want to fuck me!"
 I thought that might be a good idea so I lugged in my three
way mirror from my bedroom and set it up in front of her.
 I figured she would not be a cheerleader if she didn't want
to show off and I was right. She stared at herself then said,
"Jesus, I do look great. Maybe I will diet some more so I can
look like this all the time."
 It was obvious she was getting used to being naked so I
thought I would bring back her blush by saying, "She isn't really
naked, you know. That hairy bush at her crotch hides as much as a
bathing suit."
 I got my dog clippers and as soon as she saw them she
whimpered, "No. Please don't shave it. Only sluts and strippers
shave their crotches."
 That made Kathy mad, "That isn't true! You know I shave mine
so no hair will show around my tights since that looks gross!"
 Kathy said, "Bullshit. You could just trim around the edges.
I know you shave completely bald just as an excuse to play with
your pussy."
 That hit home and Kathy just blushed.
 I shaved as close as I could with the clippers then got out
my old-fashined shaving mug to put on hot lather and shaved it
ignoring her whimpers and protests that I would cut her until not
one hair was left and it felt perfectly smooth.
 Out of curiosity I spread her lips and stuck in my finger to
bring it out sopping wet. I dried it on her breasts as I grinned
at her and said, "So I am a pervert! What kind of pervert are you
to get excited by a complete stranger shaving your cunt!"
 "She whimpered, "I hated it. I couldn't help getting wet my
body betrayed me."
 This bitch was really getting on my nerves and obviously
pissing off Kathy. I brought out the thong whip and the "Cat" to
add to the switch for our arsenal.
 "Kathy. Whipping is like any other sport. It takes technique.
I'll show you. This thong whip is quite versatile you can bring
it horizontally like this." I swung the whip to connect with both
nipples of her tits to bring an agonized scream, "Or you can use
it vertically." I swung it up from the floor to make her pussy
lips twist and the center thong to enter her gash. Kelly was
screaming and cursing so I put a ball-gag in her mouth so Kathy
could hear my instructions.
 "Here. Why don't you try it?"
 Her lash across the tits was not hard enough so I told her to
bring the whip back further and to follow through as if she was
hitting a tennis ball. That was much better. Her tits flattened
to her chest wall and tears flowed from her eyes.When she whipped
her cunt she just brought it up from the floor so I told her to
do it as if she was a softball pitcher. That was better. the lips
sqirmed under the lash and Kelly screamed through her nose. Then
I had her try it a few more times to develop accuracy. After four
or five more she could get the tips of the whip to land on a
nipple, ass-hole, or clitoris. Each brought screams and
struggling.
 It obviously excited Kathy. When she finished she had a wild
look in her eyes and fondled her cunt while she panted and her
body convulsed.
 I let Kelly hang there with tears flowing from her eyes and
moaning through her nostrils while I sent Kathy for another
drink.
 When she got back we sat on the couch and sipped our drinks
while we watched Kelly slowly get under control. 
 When Kelly was breathing normally I picked up the "Cat" and
explained that this was handled much like the thong whip except
it was heavier and needed finesse to hit hard enough to get
satisfactory welts without breaking the skin. I had Kathy
practice on Kelly's tender inner thighs. She hit a little harder
with each lash till the last one that just caught the lower lip
on the left side of her pussy caused a little blood to ooze out
of the welts. I had her give her one more between her belly-
button and the top of her pussy to see if she had the force
right. It was just about perfect leaving nasty welts but no blood
so I complimented her.
 "That was perfect. You have a real flair for this. Does it
bother you to cause pain?"
 "Oh God no! It is fantastically exciting! It is better when
she is gagged. Her screams make me feel guilty."
 "You shouldn't feel guilty. Remember she asked for this. She
would not have been hurt if she had cooperated like you."
That was a lie, of course. I planned to whip them whether they
cooperated or not.
 I gave Kathy the switch and explained its attribute was the
lack of air resistance to achieve great speed and the fact you
can develop pin point accuracy with the tip to hit the most
sensitive areas. The disadvantage was the fact that it could cut
easily. She soon learned to control the speed and was able to put
the tip exactly on the centers of the nipples.
 Suddenly she stopped whipping and yelled, "Christ this is
fantastic. Fuck me! Please I need it!"
 This was no problem for me I had a raging hardon. I just slid
forward on the couch to let her slip her tight wet pussy over my
dick to pump while I spanked her butt with my hands.


                              PART TWO

  Kathy was out of breath from the exertion and excitement of
whipping Kelly so I had her get us a drink which we sipped while
she fondled my dick and I played with her wet pussy.She kissed me
and said, "You are great! It made it even better when you spanked
my butt while I fucked you."
 We watched Kelly till her sobs changed to occasional
hiccoughs then I said,
 "Shall we take off her gag and see if she has become a little
more cooperative?"
 "Yes I am anxious to find out if she is as tough as she made
out."
 I took off the gag to ask, "Well Kelly do you still want to
be nasty?"
 She whined, "No. I'll be good. I'll do anything you want.
Just don't hurt me anymore."
 "Oh really. Anything? Why don't you ask me to give you four
more lashes on your breasts with this light thong whip before we
let you loose."
 "No! Don't hurt me anymore! I'll do anything else. You can
fuck me."
 "You are really a slow learner. Since you don't want me to
give you four more on your tits I will just have to give you ten
on your pussy."
 I gave her ten quick hard ones to blend her welts to make the
entire face of her pussy beet red. I waited patiently for her to
ask for the four to her tits. Then I went to a drawer and got a
handful of clothes pins. 
 "Your pussy should be pretty tender by now. These will help
keep the pain alive to remind you to obey me."
 I had six of them pinched on her pussy before the dumb bitch
figured out what she would have to do to stop me.
 "No. No more. Please whip me on my tits four times."
 "Fine. Since you are being cooperative I will hit areas that
are not sore. Kathy. Get behind her and get a grip on her nipples
so you can pull them out to her armpits so I can hit the places
hidden by the cleavage. I had Kathy pull on them till almost half
her tits were in her armpits and while she whimpered from the
pain of her stretched nipples I gave two hard ones which drove
her tits even further apart. Then I had Kathy pull up on the
nipples till they were touching Kelly's chin and hit the
underside.       
 We untied her arms and she promptly went to the floor in a
foetal position to caress her tortured tits and take the clothes
pins off her pussy. By this time I had another hard-on so I had
Kathy lean over the back of the couch so I could butt-fuck her
while we watched Kelly nursing her tits and crotch.
 After we came Kathy got us a drink. After awhile my dick felt
sticky so I went over to kelly and pulled her up on her knees and
told her to lick my dick clean. She began to protest then thought
better of it and hesitantly licked it off. 
 Kathy watched avidly as her tongue curled around my dick then
said excitedly, "God, I never noticed how long her tongue is.
That must feel wonderful!"
 "It does. Would you like to try it?"
 Before Kathy could answer Kelly said plaintively, "No. No!
Please don't make me lick her. I am not queer! It will make me
sick."
 "You only have to lick her until she cums. Would you rather
be punished?"
 "Oh no! God knows what you may do to me."
 I had Kathy sit in my easy chair with her legs on the
armrests then pulled her forward until her gaping pussy was just
past the edge of the seat then had Kelly kneel in front of her
warning her to do a good job.
 She started out just licking the outer lips so I told her to
get her tongue inside. When she didn't comply instantly I brought
the switch up between her asscheeks to bury the tip in her pussy.
she screamed and lunged forward and from then on kept her tongue
in Kathy's drooling snatch only pulling it out far enough to let
it flutter on Kathy's clitoris.
 It was fun to watch. Kathy became so excited she just moaned,
"Good. Oh that feels so good!" as her tummy pulsated and she
crushed her tits with her hands and pinched her nipples until she
moaned, "Enough! I can't cum anymore."
 For the next couple of days we used her as a total slave. She
cooked, cleaned, made drinks and ate out Kathy or sucked my dick
whenever we felt like it. The slightest protest would bring on
punishment.
 By this time it was Tuesday so I thought I should go to town
to see what news there was about the girls. There was no question
they would be missed. I just wanted to see how the search was
going.
 Kathy really seemed to be enjoying the sex and being a
sadistic mistress of Kelly but I still did not completely trust
her. Before I left I tied both girls to the ceiling with enough
slack to sit on a chamber pot if they needed it and turned on my
tape recorder with a voice actuated microphone to see what they
said to each other while I was gone.
 I went to the library so I could go over Sunday, Monday and
Tuesday papers. It was really interesting. The sorority mother
had checked with Sports Illustrated and found they knew nothing
about a project to photo cheerleaders. They said there was a
possibility the photographer was doing it on his own because he
was on vacation and they had no way to contact him. There was
also a report that a man with white or light blonde hair had left
Thun field near Puyallup with two girls. Since this field has no
tower they had no idea of the plane number. They also had checked
with Red's Horse Ranch and found the reservations under the
photographers name but they were no shows. Finally there was a
report that the weather was quite bad south of Olympia to
Portland oregon and west so they had started an air search for
the Green and white piper cherokee that had left Thun field.
 There was nothing for me to worry about. All descriptions
were far from my actual appearance and all searches were far
south of me and for a completely wrong airplane.
 I picked up some groceries and booze then took off for home.
 When I got there I turned them loose and gave them their
shoes so they could jog down the airstrip naked in the sun to
loosen their cramped muscles while I listened to the tape.
 It was really interesting. With the roar of my airplane
taking off I heard Kelly say, 
 "How can you cooperate with that monster. Don't you have any
pride at all."
 "I can't believe how stupid you are. You are cooperating now
that all your pain killed your pride. Don't you see we have to
cooperate. We have to more than cooperate we have to convince
this bastard we like him or at least are sexually satisfied. It
is the only way we can get him to drop his guard so we can kill
him."
 "Kathy! We can't kill him. We would feel guilty as long as we
lived. They would put us in jail! Rape is not enough of an excuse
to kill someone."
 "Jesus Kelly, wake up! No-one has any idea where we are.
Hell, we don't know ourselves. This guy is a real loner. We can't
count on anybody accidentally dropping in.
 Don't you realize he is guilty of kidnapping! This carries
the same penalty as murder. He can't ever let us go. He will
probably kill us as soon as he gets bored with us."
 "I don't care I couldn't kill anyone. If we aren't rescued it
must be God's will."
 "Oh don't try to feed me that shit. If God cared we wouldn't
be here in the first place. I don't want to argue about it I will
 kill him as soon as we can get a suitable weapon. You are going
to have to convince him to fuck you to distract his attention so
I can kill him. This isn't going to be easy since you have been
so hostile. Have you noticed you are always tied when he fucks
me. He doesn't trust you but I think I have convinced him that I
am excited by whipping you and fucking him so he may let me be
free when he fucks you."
 "Even if we kill him how will we get out of here. I have not
seen a car and we have no idea which way to go. We may just get
lost in the woods and starve."
 "That is the least of our problems. My brother taught me how
to fly his Cessna 210 which is a lot more complicated than this
bastards Cessna 182. His plane does not even have retractable
gear. As soon as we get into the air I can find an airport with
radio navigation even if there are no maps in the plane."
 "Then we don't have to kill him! We can just tie him up while
we get away."
 "You haven't fucked this guy yet. He is strong as an ox.
Whipping girls must be good exercise. I am sure he can beat off
both of us unless we at least knock him unconscious. That is our
best bet. He keeps the knives locked up but there are whiskey
bottles that will knock him out. Maybe even kill him."
 "I guess you are right but the idea of fucking this animal is
really revolting. I think I would just about prefer being
whipped. Especially the thong whip. It really isn't too bad."
 "Really? Maybe that is our way out. He loves to see you
whipped and it is important to him that you lose your pride.
Remember how he made you ask him to whip your tits? Maybe if you
told him that you didn't want to fight him anymore and asked him
to give you about ten lashes and fuck you he might go for it."
 "You mean you want me to ask him to whip and fuck me. That is
sick!"
 "Hey! Sick is better than dead. You just said the thong whip
wasn't bad. Ask him to use it. I think you must get some kind of
perverse thrill out of being whipped anyway. You are smart enough
to know you have asked for them by not cooperating."
 "No its not that. It is just that I can't stand the guilt of
doing something bad without being punished for it. Even pleasure
involved pain. Like I love being able to do the splits and back
bends but it involved a lot of pain learning to do it. I Loved
being hugged and kissed by my mom and dad but it seemed like the
only time they did it with a lot of love was after they had
spanked me. Even sex. I never really enjoyed it with my boyfriend
till he spanked me with his belt for being a prickteaser."
 "Well you have been punished enough by now to have sex with
him with no problem."
 "No you don't understand. When he fucked you and you so
obviously enjoyed it I got terrifically horny. I don't know if I
can be punished enough to make up for that."
 "No problem. Ask him to whip you till you don't feel guilty."
 "It is not that easy. If he uses the cat or the switch I may
be scarred. If he uses the thong whip I may get turned on by it
which will just make me feel more guilty."
 "For Chissakes Kelly. Just blame me for everything. I got you
into this. Let me be guilty."
 "Yes. That may work. I do blame you. I am a little
disappointed he never asked me to whip you. After all you really
hurt me bad sometimes and worse you seemed to enjoy doing it."
 "That was just acting. Shit I should get an academy award for
the performance I have put on to convince both of you I enjoyed
hurting you. As far as you whipping me that isn't going to
happen. I hate pain. I am not going to do anything to piss him
off. He has already fucked my ass. That was suffering enough."
 She was lying her ass off! Her pussy had become sopping wet
from the excitement of whipping Kelly and I was sure she had cum
from the ass fucking.
 "You are right. Just remember you will be killing him. I
couldn't live with that. I'll ask him to give me ten lashes. No
that isn't enough, I'll ask for thirty to give you time to get
the bottle."
 "I will have the bottle, Don't ask for them till he has me
make drinks. I will bring the bottle in with the drinks."
 The rest of the tapes was just small talk and a discussion on
where to hit me on my head to make sure I was made unconscious or
dead. I turned off the tape to see where they were. I thought it
was very interesting that the one that hated me the most on the
surface was the least likely to kill me. Kathy's duplicity simply
justified any action I would take against her.
 I went outside and saw them jogging slowly back to the
house.They really looked sexy with their boobs bobbing on their
chests I thought I might have them do aerobics while I watched
them really bounce. I waved them in and sat them down at the
kitchen table. I made them strong drinks and filled them in on
the status of their disappearance with embellishments.
 "It seems that you are both quite popular. They have missed
you and are searching for you. The whole state is on the lookout.
They are searching by airplane and the state police and FBI are
involved. Your school, Your parents, and the general public are
getting money together to offer as a reward or a ransom. If the
ransom is enough I think I can safely take you back since you
have no idea where you are or who I am. I will keep you a little
longer till I can figure out a safe way to get the ransom."
 Kelly was ecstatic but Kathy seemed dubious. Kelly said,
 "I don't mind staying longer now that I know we are going
home. Kathy, forget what we talked about. We are going home!"
 Kathy just looked at her increduously.
 "Oh yes Kelly. I have had some time to think. I was very
angry with you but I have decided it was not fair to punish you
so severely for your moral convictions. Since Kathy actually
punished you more than I did I think you should have a chance to
get even. Just so you won't feel bad about hitting your friend
keep in mind you will be doing it under my orders."
 Kathy immediately objected. "That is not fair! I haven't done
anything you did not tell me to do. I have been very
cooperative."
 "That is not entirely true. Have you forgotten you thanked me
for letting you whip Kelly."
 "Kathy! Is that true? Of course it is. I know you have always
been jealous of me."
 "Kelly, I just said that so I could make it easier for both
of us. You know I wanted him to be happy with me."
 "You got happy too. You admitted you had an orgasm."
 "I faked it you bitch!"
 I broke in to the argument. "Kathy it seems you have not been
honest with either of us. Now come along."
 I pulled her over to the ropes while she screamed, "Kelly
don't let him do this. Hit him."
 Kelly just hung her head and said, "I can't do that. You know
I can't. Especially now that we are going home."
 When I had her secure I told her that I did not really know
what she deserved so she could pick a card out of the deck. If
she picked a face card she would get the thong whip and lashes
twice the value of the card. A jack would equal twenty two lashes
with the thong whip. Ten through six would be the cat. A six
would get twelve lashes with the cat. Five or below would be the
switch. The best would be drawing a deuce which would be just
four lashes with the switch. I explained I was doing this so Fate
would decide and Kelly need not feel guilty.
 "If you are religeous you can assume God decided what you
have coming."
 Kathy said, "I should have Kelly pick the card she is the
Jesus freak."
 "No I don't want to be responsible. You pick it."
 Actually she did not have that many choices. I was using a
pinochle deck with the lowest card being a nine.
 I pointed at each card laying on the coffee table with the
end of the switch. She finally decided on one and I turned it
over. It was a King."
 "Well I guess God decided you should have a lot of lashes
with a light whip, twenty six with the thongs."
 I handed the thong whip to Kelly and said, "Lets go easy on
her. Six to her butt to warm her up and ten to her breasts and
pussy. If you do not hit her hard enough I will give her another
twenty-six on top of yours."
 "Could you put the gag in her mouth? I can't stand hearing
her scream."
 "Sure, No problem."
 I went over to Kathy with the gag while she whimpered, "How
can you do this to me. I did everything you wanted. I even made
love to you. You fucked my ass!"
 "Fair is fair. You know you owe some punishment and you
picked out the amount."
 I gave the whip to Kelly and she gave her a lash to her butt
that made a loud "Whap!"
 "Is that hard enough?"
 I looked at the deep pink lines on her ass and said, "I don't
think that one should count. Kathy turned your skin red. This is
just pink."
 Kathy began to complain with grunts through her nose and
struggled against the ropes but I just told Kelly to continue.
 By the time she finished Kathy's skin was quite red and the
screams through her nose had changed to sporadic deep breaths
accompanied by copious tears falling on her breasts.
 "Nice job Kelly. You have given me a raging hard-on. Should I
fuck you or should I fuck Kathy in her ass while you whip her
tits and pussy to make her hips move?"
 Kathy began to complain through her nose and jerk on the
ropes."
 Kelly said, "I don't know what to do. I promised myself I
would not have sex with you but I can't bear hurting Kathy
anymore."
 Remembering their conversation I said, "I guess I had better
punish you until you ask me to fuck you. Lie down across the bed
on your back."
 I pulled her hips out to the edge of the bed and spread her
legs. I began to spank her pussy very lightly. Just enough to
make the lips move with the occasional thong going between the
lips. I didn't keep count. It was obvious from her ragged
breathing and the wetness coming fom her pussy that she was
getting turned on. After twenty or so she said, "No more. I can't
stand it! Fuck me!"
 She was in multiple orgasm by the time I finally reached
climax. I went to the kitchen to get us drinks. When I returned
she was sitting on the edge of the bed crying her eyes out.
 "Oh God! I am a terrible pervert! You didn't punish me. I
liked it! I got excited by it! What am I going to do? I know I am
going to go to hell."
 Hell, I thought, What am I going to do. No-one had ever liked
being punished before. This changed everything and I didn't know
how to handle it. Then I decided this might be the start of
Kathy's plan but I couldn't be sure. For the time being I decided
to console her in spite of the fact that it may destroy my tough
guy character.
 "No you aren't any kind of pervert. You are just a healthy,
sensuous girl who has had sensations put to all your sexual
parts. It is quite natural for you to become aroused."
 "No you don't understand! I hate sex! I hate nudity! It is
revolting. I became excited from pain! The more it hurt the more
excited I became. I am sure the ultimate ecstacy will come when I
die of pain!"
 I just looked at her in shock and increduality. Kathy
screamed from her bondage.
 "Kelly! Snap out of it. You can't like pain! No-one can. You
are talking crazy! Come on! I need you!"
 "No Kathy. I know I need it. I deserve all the pain in the
world. Don't you see! It is the only way I can be saved!"
 Now I really didn't know what to think. What she was saying
now did not jibe with their plan and Kathy was obviously
distressed. If they were acting they both deserved Academy
Awards. I decided I would make a test.
 "Kelly. Knock off the bullshit. My dick is sticky. Get over
here and lick it clean."
 "No! You can't make me do it. Pain does not scare me anymore.
Here! Try it if you don't believe me."
 She handed me the "Cat" then went over to put her hands
around Kathy's neck. "Kathy we are saved. He can't really hurt me
anymore."
 I considered this a challenge and began whipping the back of
her thighs then moved slowly up to her shoulders leaving sripes
oozing blood all the way up. She screamed but made no effort to
avoid being hit. I stopped when I got to her shoulders and she
screamed, "No don't stop! Whip me till I die!"
 I ignored her and in a moment or two her exhaustion from
absorbing the pain forced her to slide down Kath's body to slump
on the floor sobbing her heart out.
 Even though she was exhausted I handcuffed her arms and legs
together to immobilize her while I got a drink and thought about
the situation.
 The more I thought about it the more I came to believe that I
was in a very dangerous situation. Kelly was not afraid to die so
she could attack me with impunity. Meanwhile Kathy definitely
would try to avoid pain but was most devious and probably most
dangerous.
 My original idea of making them completely subservient seemed
to be out of the question. Kelly couldn't be made submissive in
her present state of mind and Kathy would just fake
submissiveness until she had a chance to attack me. I thought I
was safe as long as I was awake and alert. My dick was still
sticky and beginning to itch so I released Kathy and told her to
clean it up with her tongue. She did it without protest and when
it got hard she did her best to get it down her throat till I
came again. She smiled up at me and said, "I like being your love
slave. I can be just as slutty as I want and I don't have to feel
even a little guilty about it. Do you like me as a slave."
 Naturally I agreed. She had no idea how much I wanted to
believe her but of course I couldn't if I wanted to stay alive.
 I decided the best course was to set up a test. After they
were handcuffed to their beds and given time to drop off to sleep
I went to work.
 I hooked up a switch then hid it under a shingle on the wall
of the shed that doubled the electrical power to the fence. I
sanded off the on-off sign on the switch and reversed them. Now
when anyone turned the switch to off it would kill instead of
stun anyone who touched the fence.
 The next morning Kathy was totally suservient. She made my
breakfast then knelt by my legs to look at me adoringly saying,
 "If I am reallly good will you let me suck on your penis
later on? If you want to whip me to get it hard I won't mind."
 Maybe later but now there is something I want to show you. On
the way to the shed I said, "I love you very much and I have
decided that if you decide later on that you don't love me and
want to leave you should have the chance. If you leave me I won't
care if the police catch me because I will be ready to die."
 After my speech I showed her how to pull the shingle out to
reveal the switch while saying, "All you have to do is turn off
the switch and walk out the gate. The town is about two miles
away down the road. I am going to try my best to keep you happy
and in orgasms but if in a few years you get tired of me I will
understand if you leave."
 "Gee, I am really impressed by how smart you are. We would
never have found the switch. I love you all the more for trusting
me but I will never leave you. You make all other men pure wimps
any one but you would bore me to death."
 God I hoped she was telling the truth. "I am so glad you feel
that way. I have been looking for a woman like you all my life. I
am going to fly to town to get some champagne and prime steaks
for a celebration. Is there anything special I can get for you?"
 " Oh that sounds wonderful. I have been dying for chocolate.
Anything! Pie, cake, candy, I would take a lash on my pussy for
each small bite of chocolate."
 "No problem Darling, I will go to all the stores and get you
anything I find made of chocolate. I should be back in two or
three hours. Why don't you put some salve on Kelley while you are
waiting?"
 I was gone nearly three hours. I had chocolate from candy to
mousse, Dom Perignon champagne and the best steaks I could find.
I really hoped Kathy would be there to meet me.    
 I buzzed the field before landing but no-one was outside.
After I landed I left the plane on the strip across from the
house to give me a clear view.
 It was a good thing! Kelly came out of hiding by the hangar
running toward me swinging a branch from a tree screaming
hysterically.
 You dirty bastard! You lied about the switch and killed
Kathy. Now I am going to kill you."
 Not really. I simply shot her in the thigh then when she fell
shot her in the arm which effectively stopped the running and the
swinging.
 It was then a simple procedure to cuff her weists then loop a
rope under her armpits and drag her into the house while she
rolled from side to side to spread the pain of her ass and legs
dragging over the gravel.
 She had passed out on the way in so I took the opportunity to
bandage her gunshot wounds. They weren't serious. One bullet had
gone through her bicep the other had lodged in her thigh. I was
able to stop the bleeding with a tight bandage. Then I hung her
up to the ceiling by her arms and drank a cup of coffee while I
watched her stretched body with her gaping pussy from her
outstretched legs.
 In a few minutes her body began to twitch and I knew she was
coming to. Finally her eyes opened and her head raised up
 Would you believe the bitch came to, all pissed off! 
 "You dirty bastard! Let me down, my arm and leg is killing
me! You killed Kathy and for no reason. The dumb bitch was going
to stay with you. She just helped me to escape because she
thought you would kill me and she believed me when I said I would
not go to the cops."
 If she thought her outburst would make me feel guilty she was
dead wrong. All it did was make me hate her for talking Kathy
into helping her and killing the first woman willing to be my
total slave.
 I decided to see if it was possible to whip someone to death
without cutting them bad enough to bleed to death.
 I made it last as long as I could. I would whip her until she
passed out and then let her hang till she came to so I could
start over again. Her only breaks came when my arms got too tired
or I needed to eat or sleep. I gave her plenty of water and force
fed her vitamins and diet shakes with a hose stuck down her
throat. By the second day she was begging me to kill her. I was
not just about to give her that release. I realized nerves would
go dead if I concentrated on one spot too long so I covered every
inch of her body in a regular pattern. When she stopped screaming
or gurgling I knew it was time to move to another area.
 When I got bored with whipping her I would use her for a dart
board since the darts would never cause much blood loss. 
 You would think that darts in sensitive areas like her clit
and nipples would cause the most pain. Actually the ones that
elicited the most piteous screams were the ones that stuck in her
rib or pubic bones. I was throwing the darts very hard and she
yelled again when they were pulled out of the bones. I then began
to amuse myself by whipping her with the darts stuck into her. I
must have pushed too many darts into essential areas because one
morning seven days later when I checked her after breakfast she
was dead.  
 I had buried Kathy but I didn't want a lot of bodies on the
place so I experimented with Kelly by dropping her about three
thousand feet onto the solid rock of the mountains west of
Wenatchee. When I made a low pass to check her out I could see
her body had literally exploded when it hit the rocks.
 That had me toying with the idea of dropping further victims
on the freeway just to freak out the cops but I thought better of
it with the realization the freeway was never totally deserted
and someone might see the body falling through the air which
would bring their investigation to pilots.
 I had been so spoiled by all the sex I was in a hurry to find
another girl to solve my incredible horniness. This time I wanted
someone totally innocent. In this day and age that is not easy. I
was not interested in a ten year old and any girl older probably
would have some experience with sex. I thought about it for quite
awhile and was about to go with the ten year old. Then I thought
that young girls were used to taking orders from older people so
they probably would not resist enough. Finally  the answer came
to me! Who better than a young nun. After all they were supposed
to be virgins. The only drawback I could see was the fact that
they also were probably used to taking orders.
 I began my quest.
 You would not believe how hard it is to find a young
attractive nun! I spent weeks in my search and was about to give
up on the premise that only plain girls went into the order.
 I finally found her teaching grade school in a Catholic
school. I spent more weeks stalking her. The bitch never seemed
to be alone. When she was not teaching she was with a group of
other nuns or else in her dormitory.
 Finally late one night I saw her come out the door and walk
briskly down the street. It was a residential area and deserted
so I just pulled into a parking spot a half block in front of her
and when she caught up with me I simply pulled out my gun and
told her to get into the car.
 She got into the car without protest but as soon as I started
moving she began to beg me to let her out. I became tired of her
whining so at the next stop light I handcuffed her hands behind
her back and slipped a ball gag in her mouth. I then pushed her
down on the floor. It amused me that she kept looking out the
window trying to keep track of where we were going. As if I
cared. I decided to tease her by giving her a running commentary
on our location. I could tell she was trying to memorize all the
street names I was reading off on the way to the airport. As
usual the airport was deserted but now she was beginning to panic
and I had quite a struggle loading her in the plane and getting
on the seat belt and shoulder harness. She cried and continued to
try to plead through her gag all the way to my place.
 She was totally uncooperative. No matter what I threatened
her with she refused to take off her clothes. I finally had to
tie her and cut them off since it would have been a waste of time
to whip her with all the padding the layers of clothing gave her.
 When I had her naked I was happy to see she had a good body
and looked forward to seeing her gyrating on my dick while I
whipped her tits.
 This was not to be. She would never agree to fuck me
willingly. I always had to rape her while she was tied. Her pussy
stayed so dry I had to use vaseline to get my dick into her tight
pussy and then she would pray loudly all the time I was fucking
her.
 I whipped her with every thing I had for several days but she
would never agree to fuck me and when I told her I was going to
fuck her mouth she screamed she would bite off my penis.
 She kept saying she belonged to Jesus and would die rather
than cooperate with me. I finally had to agree that rape was a
pure act of violence and had nothing to do with sex. It would
have been more satisfying from the sex point just to jerk off.
 She kept saying she was a martyr for Jesus so I decided to do
it right. I put up a cross and crucified her. It took three days
of hot sun and hundreds of lashes to kill her but she finally
died and joined the fish.
 As you can imagine I really missed the great fucks from Kathy
and Kelly and was horny as a goat. I needed to pick someone this
time I was sure had a great body and would give in easier. I flew
into Seattle for a few days to think about it. I had tired of
hookers and the nude dancers all had boy friends. One day I was
browsing in a sex store and leafed through a book that told how
this guy married a divorcee and ended up fucking her and her
daughter. The idea appealed to me and I concocted a scheme.
 I rented a nice suite in a good hotel. Then I shopped for
matching girl and women bikini bathing suits, It wassn't easy but
I found a few in varying sizes.
 I put an ad in both papers.
 Looking for Mother- daughter models for bathing suit 
 catalogues. Must be pretty, good figures, and definite
 family resemblence. Ages 12 to 40. Call 467-7788 for
 interview $250.00 per hour plus bonuses.
 I had no idea there were so many stage mothers in town. I
made over twenty appointments after weeding out Mothers with more
than one girl and married women. At the interviews I weeded out
others because I didn't find them attractive and more because
they were not free to travel. I finally weeded them down to four
sets. I asked them to fill out an application and then took test
shots against a blue backdrop made of stands borrowed from the
hotel and a king size sheet. I had both mother and daughters to
pose in positions normal mothers would have objected to.
 Now I had to choose. They were all so pretty I had a hardon
during all the shoots. Since all were acceptable I began to
eliminate those who were all well known or had a lot of contacts.
 I finally chose a mother and daughter who had never modeled
before, were desperate for money and had no husband or close
relatives.
 I called them and told them they were hired and I would pick
them up in front of their apartment the next day at eleven.
Bonnie the mother was ecstatic and yelled, "Tammy! We got the
job. We are going to be models!"  She was still thanking me when
I hung up.
 I decided to play with them and see just how far they would
go just for the money. I bought some string bikinis in the size
they had put in the application then some lingerie and then
really sexy stuff from a sex shop.
 I was driving a loaner from an executive flight service, It
was a few years old but I liked it because I could drop off the
key with no fuss when I got to the airport and the clerk would
never know I had passengers since I would send them to my plane
through the pilot's gate.
 They were impressed by the cadillac and thrilled to be in an
airplane for the first time. About half-way home Bonnie asked me
about how much time it would take to get the pictures. When I
told her we could finish the bathing suit pictures that afternoon
since it would only take a few minutes. She was very disappointed
till I said they would be paid from the time we left Seattle
until we got back. Both of them looked at their watches to see
how much they had made so far. They were even happier when I said
I had six different assignments including the bathing suits. I
told them the suits they had posed in were for Sears, there were
string bikinis for Vogue, lingerie for newspaper ads, Lingerie
for Fredericks of Hollywood, Nudes for a man's magazine and
stills for a war movie. "You girls are so beautiful I could use
you in all of them but if you are bashful I will just bring you
back and get other girls."
 Bonnie was smarter than I thought, "We coudn't do the sexy
things, girls have to be eighteen for them. Tammy is only
thirteen."
 Of course I knew that but I looked surprized and replied,
"Really! With some make-up she could be nineteen. I thought we
would pass you off as sisters for the sexier stuff."
 Bonnie giggled and said, "That isn't likely. Tammy barely has
pubic hair."
 Tammy blushed saying, "Oh Mom you are embarressing me."
 I said smoothly, "That wouldn't make any difference. All the
models shave the pubic hair anyway."
 This time it was Bonnie that blushed, "I don't think so."
 Tammy spoke up from the rear, "He is right Mom. I watched the
girls change before us. They were both shaved. I am not bashful.
Your boyfriends were always peeking at me when I took showers. We
could have a lot of money to get clothes for interviews and we
would have professional photos for our portfolio."
 "Tammy! I am ashamed of you for talking so slutty. You are
getting a spanking tonight."
 "Please don't! The last time you spanked me I was too sore to
wear clothes."
 "We'll see. For the time being we will play the modelling by
ear, Anything except nudes should be okay."
 When we landed at my ranch. I saw them checking their watches
again while I showed them their room and where to put the few
clothes they brought with them.     
 I brought in matching suits and told them to put them on and
meet me at the pond I had made by dredging out the creek with my
back-hoe. I had plenty of time and enjoyed having beautiful girls
again so I planned to take my time and see just how far I could
go without force.
 They came out shortly later. Bonnie looked a little self-
conscious but Tammy was obviously enjoying herself. She said the
suit was really cute and asked if she could buy it later.
 Bonnie huffed, "That is just cause you are such a show-off.
You always have been."
 Naturally I had seen hundreds of bathing suit ads so started
with the standard shots. Eventually they both began enjoying
themselves thanks to my constant compliments.
 I had bought six sets of the standard bikinis. After I
photographed the first I dug a second set out and told them to
change into them. Bonnie started to go to the house but I told
her we didn't have time for that and to change behind a bush. On
the first change they both went behind thick bushes. I began to
take a few liberties in using my hands to move them into the
"Perfect" pose and with no objections I began to adjust their
suits.
 On the next change Tammy went behind a short sparse boughed
bush to give me glimpses of her nude body. She was grinning
broadly when she came out. I grinned back to let her know I knew
what she was doing.
 On the last change Instead of just unsnapping the top Tammy
lifted it up over her head stretching high enough to show off her
cute firm tits with their erect nipples. This time she watched my
face all the time she was doing it and seemed delighted at my
avid interest.
 The last suit was satin. Neither protested when I smmothed
the materal over their crotches and pulled the materal tight over
their breasts to bring their nipples out in bold relief but
Bonnie blushed.
 By now the sun was getting low so we started back to the
house. Tammy noticed the horse I had bought to keep the weeds low
on the property.
 "Oh a horse! Can I ride it? Please. Pretty please."
 Bonnie sneered, "Silly. You can't ride a horse!"
 "Sure I can. Daddy let me ride the ponies at the fair every
year."
 I told them the horse was gentle so Bonnie said, "I don't
care. I just want to get to the house and get on some clothes.
This suit is the same as wearing panties."
 I went to the shed and got the bridle. Then got the horse to
come with us by shaking some corn in a coffee can. Tammy was just
delighted hugging the horses neck while I put on the bridle. I
explained the horse was trained to neck rein so she would just
pull both reins in the direction she wanted to go to turn it and
to pull the reins back to stop it.
 I told her to put her foot in my hands and I would help her
on. She protested, "Where is the saddle? What do I hold on to?"
 "You don't hold onto anything you just grip its sides with
your legs. If you will feel better about it just take a handful
of the horses mane."
 She looked doubtful but got on. She started out just going at
a walk in a circle around me but then she gained confidence and
started off down the runway saying she would be back in a little
while. I pointed out a large iron ring I had used to tie girls to
and said that was the dinner gong and would hit it with a hammer
when dinner was ready. I watched her till she began to speed the
horse up to a trot by kicking it in the sides with her heels. She
seemed okay so I went into the house to see Bonnie back in her
dress and sitting at the table. 
 I asked her if she would like a drink and was told she liked
whisky with a coke back. I gave her a glass of whisky and the
coke. I had barely put the steaks on the grille and spuds in the
micro-wave when she asked for another. When dinner was about five
minutes away I went out and beat on the wheel.
 When I went back in she was pouring herself a third drink and
said, slurring her words, "I decided that since I have no
relatives to complain and since my friends treat me like shit
anyway we may as well take naked pictures. But I am not just
about to shave my pussy. That is too much."
 I just said we still had time to think about it. Then I heard
the horse galloping toward the house. I ran out afraid Tammy had
fallen off and the horse had run away. I needn't have worried,
she was beating the horses ass with the end of the reins with a
huge grin on her face. She brought it to a sliding stop at the
house and slid off laughing. "Oh Mr. Barnes that was wonderful.
Thank you! Can I ride it everyday?"
 By now the sun was going down as I watched her cute little
butt shiver as she skipped into the house.
 She burst through the door saying excitedly, "Wow Mom! That
was fun. You should try it."
 Bonnie just slurred "Yeah, yeah. Just sit down and eat."
 Tammy looked disgusted when she realized her mother was
drunk. She ate with gusto and after dinner asked me if she could
help. I told her to clear the table and put the dishes in the
dishwasher. I watched her cute butt wiggle till I remembered her
mothers threat of spanking her. I thought I would add impetus.
 I said, "I am glad you liked riding the horse because it will
cost you. I can't take any more pictures of you like that. Your
thighs are all red."
 That brought Bonnie alive.
 "You little bitch. You deserved a spanking anyway. Now you
have cost us money and it will be worse. Mr. Barnes, can I use
your belt?"
 Of course I was glad to oblige. Tammy whimpered but obeyed
her mother's demand to lie across the back of my overstuffed
chair. That was when I discovered Bonnie's modesty only applied
to herself. When she was satisfied Tammy's butt was as high and
tight as possible she jerked the pants down to her knees and
stepped back to get a full swing with the belt. Then I got a
bonus. I had tightened Tammy's bra to the tightest snap. When the
first lash hit Tammy screamed and lifted her head and shoulders
pushing out her breasts which caused the top to pop off to land
on the floor. Neither of them seemed to notice. It was wild. My
eyes swung back and forth from the strap hitting her ass to her
tits jumping as she jerked under the lash.
 Then Bonnie said loudly, "Spread those cheeks."
 Evidentally Tammy had gone through this before. She
absolutely howled but she put her hands behind her and spread the
cheeks of her ass apart so Bonnie could give her ten more lashes
vertically to the tender inner cheeks.
 She watched Tammy sob and caress her red butt cheeks then
grinned at me as she looked at the lump in my pants and said,"You
are like all men. It excites you to see a girl spanked. If we are
around awhile you may see it again since Tammy never seems to
learn to be good. She told Tammy to go to bed then weaving in her
drunkeness told me it had been a long day and went to bed
herself.
 I was so horny the door had barely closed when I began to
jerk off to relieve my throbbing dick. After I came and cleaned
up I sat down to think about this unexpected situation. Bonnie
was obviously so greedy she would do anything to make big money.
Believe it or not I began to feel sorry for Tammy and began
thinking of ways I could help Tammy get even.
 A little later she came out wearing the short robe I had
given them saying, "Oh you are still up. I couldn't sleep. Mom is
snoring." Then she added disgustedly, "She always snores when she
gets drunk. She also gets mean."
 I asked, "How is your bottom?"
 "I don't know. I haven't seen it. What do you think?" 
 Just as she said that she turned her back to me and lifted
the robe to her waist to show her dark red butt."
I said, "It is really red, does it hurt a lot?"
 "No. It doesn't hurt that much when she does it either. I
have just learned that if I don't scream she will hit harder."
 "I have some salve that may help get rid of the red."
 I had her lie across my lap while I sat on the couch and
began caressing her ass with the salve. She just took deep
breaths while I rubbed for several minutes and didn't protest
when I spread her cheeks to add salve to the crack then her anus
and the bottom part of her pussy.
 She finally rolled over and said, That feels nice. Would you
put some on my thighs?"
 I covered her thighs closer and closer to her pussy. She
began to moan, "Oh, oh, oh, oh," and if I had any doubt over what
she wanted pulled her robe apart to reveal her pussy and widened
her legs. She was able to get off in a short time squeezing her
breasts while I worked three fingers into her pussy.
 She finally made a deep sigh then let her hand slip off her
breasts.
 She recovered very quickly then rubbed her butt on my steel
hard dick and said, "Oh you are all hard. I am sorry I teased
you. Can I kiss it and make it well? Men seem to love that."
 Naturally I agreed, She got off me so I could drop my pants
then knelt between my legs. I had never been with any girl that
loved to suck dicks as much as she did. She never took her eyes
off my face and giggled at the face I made when she hit a
particularly sensitive place with her tongue.
 When I came she kept my dick in her mouth swallowing till I
went completely soft.
 I sighed and told her she was wonderful and asked. "Where did
you learn to do that."
 "Well I got boobies when I was about eleven and I guess I was
proud of them. One night Mom was drinking with her boyfriend and
began to bitch at me so I thought I would get away from her by
taking a shower. I still don't know if I left the bathroom door
open a little on purpose or not but I have to admit when I
noticed him watching me I didn't run over and close it.  all of a
sudden Mom slammed the door open and said, "Alright you little
slut! You made him hard and you can take care of it!"
 "She dragged me in front of him naked and made me get on my
knees then pinched my cheeks against my teeth to make me open my
mouth then pushed his dick in my mouth. It was horrible at first
because mom spanked my butt while she screamed. 'Suck it!' over
and over with each spank. But then he reached down and began to
finger my pussy till I began to like it and got this great
feeling like when you put the salve on me. From then on anytime
she wanted her boyfriends to get her whisky she had me suck them.
Now I like to do it. When I watch their faces it seems like I
have power over them. Do you understand?"
 "Yes I can see where a man could need you very badly. I know
I hate the thought of losing you."
 "Me too but I know Mom won't be able to stand being away from
the city very long. She said if we weren't making so much money
she would ask you to hurry up so she could get home."
 About that time we heard a moan from their bedroom and Tammy
said she had to get to bed before her Mom missed her. "She
doesn't want me close to a man unless she is there too."
 I was up most of the night. This was not working out as I had
expected at all. I had not planned to love anyone. Now I had to
figure out some way to kill Bonnie without ruining the
relationship with Tammy.
 Bonnie woke up hungover and bitchy. I had to threaten to fire
her several times to get her to hold any kind of strenuous pose.
At noon while Tammy and I had lunch she drank whiskey which
helped mellow her out to be more coopertive in the afternoon
while they wore the string bikinis. That night she drank herself
to sleep and we had to carry her to bed.
 As soon as we got back to the living room Tammy asked if I
was hard. I was actually feeling repulsed by Bonnie so said I
wasn't.
 Tammy said, "Mom's boyfriends always get hard when I am
spanked. Would you like to spank me?"
 "Wouldn't that hurt you?"
 "Yes but it makes me excited too and it will get you hard so
I can suck you."
 Before I could say anything more she bent over the chair and
spread her legs saying, "You can use your belt if you want. Mom
won't hear. As drunk as she is she would sleep through an
earhquake."
 "Yes but I don't want you red for the nude shots tomorrow. so
I'l just spank you easy."
 I began spanking across her butt just hard enough to make it
red but without welts. Her only reaction was little moans and
shudders. If there was any doubt she was becoming excited she
ended it by gasping, "Do my thighs!" and spread her legs even
further.I stepped behind her and began forehanding and
backhanding her inner thighs slowly working up to her pussy. Just
as I was a fraction of an inch below her pussy she gasped and
shuddered and grabbed the cheeks of her red butt to spread the, I
took the hint and began bringing the belt up between her legs to
snap against her pussy as she moaned, "Yes. Yes!" at each lash
until she began to convulse and slipped off the chair to turn to
me and began unzipping my pantswhile saying,"Oh gosh, you are
wonderful. there was no pain at alljust stings and tingles that
got me more and more excited until I exploded!" I stopped her to
say, "I want to fuck you instead."
 She looked frightened, "I can't. Mom said I was too young to
fuck. My insides would get torn up."
 "That isn't true. So you can be sure of that I will sit on
the couch and you can let yourself down on my dick slowly and if
it hurts you can get off. I will make sure you are really slick
inside."
 I had her lie over the armrest of the couch and ate her pussy
till she was going, "Oh, oh, oh," again and her tummy was
pulsating then I sat down and had her straddle me while I just
put the head of my dick into her sopping pussy. She very slowly
let herself down with her leg muscles tense to be ready to lift
herself up at the slightest pain. When my dick was in as far as
it would go she got a dreamy look on her face and began to lift
up and down and then back and forth and rotating. In no time she
was going, "Oh, oh, oh," again and began going faster and faster
till her whole torso was soaked in sweat. I tried to hold off as
long as I could but I finally came. Fortunately my dick stayed
hard till she leaned forward and began kissing me while holding
me so tight against her her breasts were mashed flat.
 Eventually she calmed down enough to speak.
 "She lied to me! That was just wonderful.She was just afraid
I would fuck her boyfriend and he would like me better. She beat
me so they would get hard to fuck her. I hate her! I wish she was
dead! I don't want to go home so she can whip me to get her
boyfriends hard! She is getting meaner all the time."
 I suggested that she run away but she looked frightened and
said, "I tried that. She sicked the cops on me and when they
brought me home she tied me upside down to the ceiling and
whipped me every day for a week. See, I still have scars.
 She lifted her breasts to show white lines on the underside
and spread the hair by her pubic bone to show more.
 That definitely made it mandatory to kill Bonnie.
 I said, "Would you like to get even with your Mom by whipping
her?"
 "Really? I would love that but there is no way she would let
me. She only likes to whip."
 "Let me see what I can do."
 The next day Bonnie was bitchy all day. She said that there
was no way she would shave her pussy and kept her legs tightly
together in spite of my threats to fire her. She just told me
that it was alright with her since she had all the money she
needed. 
 I decided to try another scheme to see how far she would go
if she only had to subject her daughter to nudity and pain. 
 I said, I have an assignment that pays twice as much. I
planned to hire more experienced models but Tammy told me leather
straps don't hurt much. I explained that this was a movie about
the KGB interrogating women prisoners. A girl would be hung up
from the limbs of the trees and a woman interrogator would whip
her till she talked. I explained the whipping would be real
light. Just enough to make pink lines and that they would both be
masked so no-one would know who they were. It would also give
them a chance to go into acting since it was a major motion
picture.
 "I like it. I have been trying to get an agent to get us into
pictures but they all say we must have picture credits. It is a
catch 22. We can't get into a movie without an agent and we can't
get an agent until we have been in a movie. Tell me about it."
I gave her the standard spy movie plot mentioning the names of
some big stars that would be in it.
 Tammy helped by saying, "It doesn't hurt bad at all with
leather." 
Naturally Bonnie assumed she would be doing the whipping saying,
 "Tammy is past due for a whipping anyway. Since leather
doesn't hurt as much I can really hit hard. Do we have to be
masked? I think I would be great as a tough bitch and there are a
lot of those roles."
 "Sure. The writer left that as an option in case the
actresses wanted to stay anonymous and just do it for the money.
The five hundred per hour is just for the screen test we will do
here with a cam-corder. Naturally, If you get the part you will
go to Hollywood. I am sorry but Tammy will have to do the
whipping. The interrogator has to wear a tight leather jumpsuit
and it is too small for you."
 She was convinced when I  told her it was a trick whip that
wouldn't hurt much. To prove it I hit my leg with the five foot
long blacksnake whip. It took all my willpower not to flinch. It
really hurt even through my pants.
 That convinced her but with the provision that she wouldn't
be shaved and that she could keep her legs together tightly to
hide her sex.
 I agreed and sent Tammy to the house to put on the jumpsuit
While I tied up Bonnie. Even after I had her hanging with just
her toes touching the ground she made threats.
 "You better not let Tammy hurt me! If I am hurt I will sue
your ass off."
 I got sick of her mouth and jammed a ballgag in her mouth.
Tammy came up to her in the jumpsuit and hood that made her look
evil. Bonnie tried to threaten her through the gag but of course
it was unintelligable.
 Tammy started out pretty easy but the memories of her
whippings must have come back. When I told her that she had to
hit harder to make it look convincing she got an evil look on her
face and moved closer to let the whip leave a deep red line from
her back to the front with the tip digging into her pubic hair.I
told her that was great as Bonnie struggled and screamed through
her nose. Bonnie soon forgot to keep her legs closed when the tip
began digging into her inner thighs, pussy and breasts. I got
some great shots of her tits and pussy being ripped into
grotesque shapes. Tammy give her about fifty lashes before blood
started to run and I stopped her. 
 When Tammy came around to see Bonnies head hanging down
nearly unconscious with several lines weeping blood she looked
terribly frightened. 
 I took off the ballgag and Bonnie said weakly but with venom,
"You nasty bitch! When I get down from here I am going to whip
you till you fucking die!"
 Tammy began to cry so I took her aside and told her to hide
in the trees by the end of the landing strip while I gave Bonnie
some whiskey and calmed her down. I told her I would give Bonnie
some extra money and when it was safe I would ring the dinner
gong.
 When I got back to Bonnie she had recovered enough to really
get abusive. "Cut me down you limp-pricked ass-hole. You have got
your moneys worth. I want to fly home today. I can hardly wait to
get that bitch home."
 That just pissed me off. I jammed the ball gag back in her
mouth and began to whip her pussy some more till she passed out.
Then I went back to the house and got a bucket and my cattle
prod.
 I tied her legs apart so far she looked like she was doing
the splits then threw buckets of cold water from the creek on her
till I was sure she was fully conscious. She tried to curse me
through the gag until I began touching her nipples and clitoris
with the cattle prod. I kept it up till she passed out again then
revived her with the water and smelling salts.
 I waited till she was awake enough to show hate in her eyes
then dried her pussy with towels till there was no moisture and
began putting out cigarettes on her clit. Finally  the water
would not revive her anymore so I went back to the house and got
her clothes. 
 I cut her down and dressed her in jeans and a t-shirt then
picked up a big rock and hit her temple as hard as I could. I
felt the bone crush then checked her pulse to confirm she was
dead.
 I carried her up to the yard behind the hangar that had a lot
of rocks in the ground and laid her down carefully with her
temple resting on the bloody side of the rock.
 I beat on the iron and in a little while saw Tammy trudging
toward the house on the runway.
 When she was fairly close I ran to her and said there had
been an accident. "Bonnie ran away from me to look for you. She
jumped on the horse to run you down and fell off hitting her head
on a rock. I think she is dead."
 "Oh god. I know it is awful to feel this way about your
mother but I am glad she is dead. Even if you had calmed her down
I know she would have killed me someday."
 I offered to take Bonnie back to Seattle for burial but she
said, Why bother, No-one would come except me. Her last boy
friend left her when she got drunk and hit him with a bottle.
Can't we just bury her here?"
 That was fine with me. I knew we couldn't have a legitimate
burial without a police investigation and the probability she
would be taken from me and put into a foster home.
 I nailed together a casket made out of plywood and used the
back-hoe to dig a deep grave in the rocky ground. Then I read a
passage out of the bible that seemed appropriate and sent Tammy
in the house while I covered Bonnie up.
 Later Tammy piled up Some rocks to make a headstone.
 That night she said, "I know I killed her. If I hadn't
whipped her so hard she would never have gotten on the horse. She
hated horses."
 It has been a year now since I killed Bonnie. My life has
been terrific. Tammy still loves to suck my dick and fuck but is
satisfied to use a dildo if I am too tired. She actually asks me
to spank or whip her since she knows it gets me hard and whenever
she feels guilty over Bonnie she has me whip her with the
blacksnake whip till she loses consciousness. I make sure I don't
hit hard enough to cut her because I don't want to scar her now
fully grown perfect body.
 I can't do enough for her. I bought another horse so we could
ride together. She always rides naked without a saddle because
her pussy rubbing against the bone in the horses neck always gets
her excited. We fly to Seattle or Portland two or three times a
week for a movie and dinner in the best restaurants. I bought her
clothes till she told me to stop because she wanted to be naked
except when we went to a city.
 She encouraged me to send off for all kinds of pornography so
we could try anything we read or saw in videos that might be
exciting. 
 I would never have believed I could be so happy. My only
problem is a nagging flashback to the movie "Lolita."
 
                               The end




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





