BDSM Library - Return of The Vile Gamer




Return of The Vile Gamer
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Heather's online pal promised to return. See Heather's new experiences of terror.
Return of The Vile Gamer Ch. 1
by DEDHeather94

	It must have been six months or so after that night that I 
finally saw American Psycho, the movie I had intended to see, well... 
that night.  I'd never made it inside the theater.  My plans were 
rudely changed when I was abducted from the parking lot at 
knifepoint.  
	Thanks to my flirting, teasing and overall stupidity I spent 
the evening being brutally raped, abused and tormented by a real 
psycho....one I'd mistaken for a friend.  I'm sure you remember 
Chuck.  I know I can never forget him, no matter how hard I've tried.
	Chuck.  Former online friend...fellow 
writer...handsome.....sadistic...lousy bastard!  I hated him still.  
Sure he could have hurt me a lot worse, but who cares?  He hurt me 
enough.  He hurt me plenty.
	He was forced to give up his online pursuit of me after I 
blocked him from sending me any more email or instant messages.  
Poof...no more Chuck and his demented ravings about that night and 
how he knew I loved it.  No more threats to come back either....those 
threats had totally terrified and unnerved me while sending my 
private parts into an aching, throbbing mess. And don't forget....I 
hated him.   So you see, I couldn't talk to him anymore.  It was all 
too confusing.
	I was still hit with flashbacks on occasion, though not 
nearly as bad as before, when it was all still fresh...before my 
bruises and cuts healed.  To my everlasting shame,  I would not only 
remember the terror and violence of that night, but the stunning 
force of the orgasms he'd forced from me--mind shattering eruptions 
that came from God only knew what dark part of myself.  But that's 
not the worst of it....I might as well confess further....It wasn't 
just the memory of the orgasms that would send  my nether regions 
into a frenzy and set my whole body afire with lust.  I wish I could 
say it was just that...then maybe I would've felt halfway 
normal....maybe.  What bothered me the most was how the memory of the 
terror, helplessness and pain would bring on the same reaction.
	How could the horrible memory of how the knife felt against 
my throat while being forced to swallow his cock make me throb??  How 
crazy was I to be able to bring myself to a crashing orgasm while 
remembering the rope around my neck, cutting off my air...re-living 
how it felt to face certain death while being painfully sodomized??  
I'm no closer to understanding these things than I was when it 
happened, during those terribly strange days after the attack when I 
was forced by my own shame and guilt to stay silent and pretend it 
never happened.  I was hoping that over time I could even believe my 
own charade. 
 
*******

	I had gotten to a point in my life when I no longer thought 
about Chuck and what happened that night every second of the day.  
I'd pushed the whole incident into the deepest part of my secret 
self.  It seemed the best way to make it all go away.  I still hadn't 
told anyone, although I wrote several more rape stories that had 
gained something of a dubious popularity on the net.  My readers were 
impressed with the realistic edge my tales of peril seemed to have.  
I just smiled and kept writing.  At least it gave me an outlet 
without having to confront all these conflicted feelings of rage and 
arousal.
	The day I discovered American Psycho had come out on video 
something shifted inside me and that night came back to me.  At first 
I passed it by, unable to even look at the picture or writing on the 
box.  Then I was annoyed with myself for my cowardice and rented it 
after all.  I reasoned that I'd been wanting to see the damn movie, 
and he hadn't let me, so why should I let him stop me from seeing it 
now?  
	Good attitude....Bad idea.
	I was shocked and thought I must be losing my mind when the 
first close-up of the actor playing the title role revealed a 
startling resemblance to my rapist. Why the hell did he have to look 
like him??  Surely I was only seeing things because of the connection 
between that movie and that night, but I still saw Chuck when I 
looked at him.  Several times I resisted the impulse to just turn it 
off, but I sat thru it all with grim determination.  The dude playing 
Patrick Bateman was NOT Chuck, dammit!  He was a handsome, very 
talented actor named Christian Bale, and I was just being 
ridiculous!  
	That night I had terrible nightmares about being chased down 
a hallway by a crazed naked man who was covered in blood and weilding 
a chainsaw.  That happened to be a scene from the movie, but in my 
dream it wasn't Patrick Bateman that chased me.  Do I really need to 
say who it was?  I haven't had nightmares over a stupid movie since I 
was a kid!  
	The anger I'd never really dealt with took even deeper root 
after that.  For a time after the nightmare, I would feel pure anger 
and nothing else when I remembered that night.  Those pesky sexual 
stirrings even went away....to my relief.  The anger felt good and I 
latched onto it.
	I'd been blaming myself for so long, and still did to a 
certain extent, but in my mind at least, Chuck finally began to share 
in the blame.  Ok, so I'd teased him.  Ok, so I'd been tricked into 
giving him too much information.  Ok, so I'd roleplayed the part of 
his victim perfectly during our computer chats.  Did any of that give 
him the right to make me his victim for real??  Some of you may say  
no, of course not.  Some would probably say Hell YES.  To those I 
would say this-- there's assholes everywhere, so who cares what you 
think?
	Soon I became angry with myself for hiding from Chuck 
online.  Why should I hide?  He couldn't hurt me over the computer. 
My anger was growing more every day and I decided it was time to face 
him again.  Vague ideas of seeking some sort of revenge were trying 
to form, although I had no clue what I could possibly do to him...but 
the thought of making him pay somehow was too seductive to ignore 
once it entered my head.  I unblocked him, and waited.
	I didn't have long to wait before the messages began again.  
Our first conversation was something like this;
		Chuck:  Where have you been?
		Heather:  Nowhere.  I've had you blocked.
		Chuck:  I see.  So why did you unblock me?
		Heather:  I was hoping maybe you'd dropped dead.  No 
such luck.
		Chuck:  How have you been?
		Heather:  None of your business.
	Our exchanges were like that for a while.  My nastiness never 
seemed to bother him much.  He was almost sickeningly nice despite my 
hostility.  He started being weird again before long, telling me he 
wanted me again, quite desperately, and that he just knew I wanted 
him too. I told him to get bent, eat shit, go fuck himself, and a 
host of other charming sentiments when he would say those things, but 
nothing I said would make him mad enough to leave me alone.  I was 
getting flustered and beginning to wonder why the hell I'd unblocked 
him.  My idea of revenge was going nowhere.
	Then one night it hit me....a real plan.  It would be 
dangerous, maybe even deadly if I messed it up.  Oh, but if it 
worked!  Oh yes...The Vile Gamer would learn something about 
helplessness, pain and humiliation.  It would be a lesson  he 
wouldn't soon forget either.  
	The cautious part of me, the side of myself that worked so 
hard to pretend that night had never happened and move on with my 
life was horrified to say the least.  Sometimes I was nearly 
overwhelmed with the madness of what I was planning, and tried to 
make myself stop.  But there was a part of me that couldn't pretend 
anymore.  It was angry all the time and punished my rational mind 
with flashbacks and nightmares whenever I thought of backing down.  
Finally it came down to either doing this thing or going mad.  
	 While I was busy gathering things I would need and working 
out the details in my mind, I gradually became more friendly with 
Chuck.  I admitted to him how part of me still became aroused when I 
remembered what happened, although it galled me to tell him this.  I 
refused to agree to another "meeting" at first, pretending fear and 
guilt over my conflicted feelings (and let's face it, pretending such 
a thing wasn't that much of a stretch).  Eventually, I pretended to 
let him talk me into it.  It wasn't hard to make him believe I wanted 
another encounter as much as he did, since his ego was already 
convinced of it.
	I told him I would get the room this time.  I told him that 
one of my hottest fantasies was to be awakened, then taken in my bed 
by an "intruder".  Since my own bed was out of the question, another 
hotel bed would have to do.  I told him I'd leave him a key at the 
front desk.  Chuck was nearly ecstatic over the idea.
	"I knew you'd come around!", he wrote, adding  "I think I 
might even bring a surprise for you this time".
	"That would be nice", I replied, but didn't think about it 
any further.  I cared nothing for his surprise, because he was the 
one who had a surprise waiting.  Maybe I should have thought about it.

* * * *
	
	The night of my carefully planned revenge on the Vile Gamer 
finally came.  It had taken over a month to get ready for it...both 
the details and my nerve. I was very nervous and more than a little 
scared, but his day of reckoning was here and I was determined to go 
thru with it. 
	I could barely hold the key to the room, my fingers were 
trembling so badly.  A duplicate was waiting at the front desk, as 
I'd promised, for a "Mr. Black" to claim it.  I eventually managed to 
keep my own key steady enough to unlock the door, and quickly ducked 
into the room I'd reserved earlier that week.
	Once again it was a Saturday night, and I told my husband 
that I was going to the movies.  I'm sure he was glad I was out of 
the house since I'd been very much on edge all that week.  I blamed 
it on my job.  My poor darling....I felt terribly guilty to be lying 
to him this way;  but it wasn't like I was planning to cheat on him 
or anything.  I  was getting revenge for him too, even if he didn't 
know it.
	He told me he thought a movie night would do me good since it 
had been so long since my last one.  He had no idea it was stark 
terror, rather than disinterest which kept me away from the theater.  
Just the thought of sitting in that parking lot again made me shudder 
and nearly cry.  The relaxing and innocent fun of my movie nights was 
ruined forever for me now--something else Chuck was going to pay 
for.  I hoped.
	Now here I was, not in the dreaded theater parking lot where 
the bastard could possibly show up again, but in a room where he most 
definitely would show up (of that I had no doubt), with a key to get 
in waiting for him.  The irony was a bit much.
	I set the shopping bag I'd brought with me on the bed and 
quickly began to prepare.  He would be here very soon and I didn't 
have much time.  When my other preparations were in place I stripped 
off my sweater, jeans, bra and panties, then donned a silky black 
teddy I'd bought just for this occasion.  I turned off all the lights 
except for a corner lamp, which I covered with a sheer black nylon 
scarf.  Doing this cast the room into semi-darkness with only a 
softly muted glow to see by.  For what I was planning I needed as 
much darkness as possible, but still be able to see.
	I pulled back the covers of the bed and slipped between the 
cool sheets, positioning myself to look as if I were sleeping.  This 
was how he expected to find me so we could play out my "fantasy".
	As I lay there on my side, one hand under my pillow, I 
touched the object I had hidden there and wondered for the zillionth 
time if I could really go through with this crazy scheme.  I'd never 
done anything this dangerous in my entire life.  I felt very 
vulnerable despite my careful plans. I was terrified, but at this 
point in the game it didn't matter.  He would be here any moment and 
I had no choice anymore...there was no turning back.  The only way 
out (besides trying to run, then and there) would be to hide my 
hidden object somewhere else and go thru with what Chuck thought we 
were going to do, which was spend the next several hours being used 
and abused by him again.  I ignored the damn lying tingle this 
thought caused and was more determined than ever to go thru with MY 
plan, not his.  
	On and on my mind raced and pondered while I waited for him, 
and I was so wound up that I had to clench my teeth to keep from 
screaming when I heard his key in the lock.  I forced myself to take 
a few deep breaths when I heard the door slowly open.  Since I was 
supposed to be pretending sleep, I screwed my eyes tightly shut as I 
heard him approach, but they flew open again when I heard his voice.
	"Heatherrrr...", he half-whispered.  
	I jumped, startled despite knowing he was there, and looked 
up at him.  He was cloaked in shadows, yet I recognized him 
immediately.  Seeing his face again nearly froze my blood and I 
feared I wouldn't have the nerve after all.  
	A kalaidescope of terrifying images flashed thru my mind's 
eye....his switchblade at my open car window....his mocking sneers 
and laughter....his handsome features contorted in rage at my 
attempted escape....the sight of my own face in the mirror when it 
was over-- the bruises, the swollen lips, the rope burns and smeared 
blood.  I didn't expect this paralyzing parade of 
flashbacks.....Ohgod, I COULDN'T just freeze like this!!
	He laughed somewhat nervously it sounded like, then spoke 
again.
	"Just making double sure I have the right room.  Wow...do I 
ever!  look at you..."
	Without further preamble he sat on the bed beside me and 
began touching me....my face....my neck...my hair.  Then his hands 
boldly moved down to my breasts, fondling and squeezing till my 
nipples sprang to attention under the thin silky material that 
covered them.  I gazed up at him, my heart pounding.  I was nearly 
sick with nerves and fright now that the moment was at hand.
	"Lookin good, Babe...",
	His voice was roughened with lust.  His breathing became 
heavy with excitement as he continued to explore my body.
	My traitorous bitch of a cunt was suddenly alive and wet.  
How easy it would have been to just submit to his expert 
handling....to surrender to the dark longings his touches awakened in 
me....to let go and be his victim one more time....after all it would 
have been way less dangerous than what I was planning...I was 
appalled to hear my own excited gasps and moans.....ooohhhhh...  
NO!!!  I snapped out of the hypnotic pull of my own arousal...I knew 
I must NOT let this happen!!!  How could I allow myself to consider 
it even for a moment??  How could I possibly allow myself to be 
seduced by the man I hated most in the world?  
	I stiffened and jerked away from him...and from his evil 
seductive power over me.  I shoved him hard as I squirmed away from 
his touches.  He was laughing quietly at my sudden struggle, 
believing the game was about to start in earnest. 
	"So....my little bitch wants to play rough again...fine with 
me".  He smiled and pulled his shirt over his head.  It was now or 
never.
	As Chuck was removing his shirt, and before I could weaken 
again, I quickly shoved my hand back under the pillow and groped for 
the thing I had hidden there.  It was a stun-gun...advertised to send 
enough volts thru an attacker to render him unconscious, but cause no 
real or lasting harm.  I'd found it on the internet, and had set this 
date with Chuck only after it was delivered.  With no time to further 
ponder the matter of could I do it, I drove it into his side while 
his shirt was over his head and squeezed the trigger.  He never saw 
it coming.
	There was a horrifying split second when I was sure it hadn't 
worked.  He had been poised over my body, ready to grab at me again, 
when he suddenly stiffened, making no noise except for a strangled 
grunt, then fell onto me...pinning me to the bed with his dead weight.
	He lay across me, silent and motionless.  I began to feel 
panic as I squirmed and struggled to get out from beneath him.  I 
didn't know how long his paralysis would last, but for those frantic 
moments I was sure he'd come out of it before I could free myself.  
That would be just my luck, after all.
	Gathering all my strength, I finally managed to scoot out 
from under him, and promptly fell to the floor on my behind.  While 
down there, I quickly rolled onto my stomach and reached for the 
closest restraint.  
	Earlier I'd tied four seperate lengths of strong rope tightly 
to each of the bed's legs, hiding the loose ends under the bed itself 
so nothing would be visible in the darkness.  Now I seized one of the 
ends that would restrain one of Chuck's wrists--the wrists, of course 
would have to be tied first so he couldn't grab me if he came out of 
it before I was finished.  Scrambling to my feet with the free end of 
the rope clutched in my fist, I was instantly dismayed to realize I 
would have to roll him over and do quite a bit of shoving to get him 
positioned right.  Oh Great!! , I thought.  He's going to come out of 
it for sure now.  Why the hell hadn't I thought of that before??  
	I was still grimly determined to finish what I'd set in 
motion, so with many a grunt and curse I somehow managed to get him 
turned onto his back and more or less in the middle of the bed.  
Despite my growing panic I forced myself to tie the knots good on 
each wrist, making sure they were where he couldn't reach them with 
his fingers.  I heaved a sigh of relief when I was satisfied that 
both wrists were tightly restrained, then moved to the foot of the 
bed where I fished out the ends that would tie his ankles.
	I was halfway finished restraining his second ankle when 
Chuck began to stir.  I nearly panicked but fought the urge to stun 
him again.  Instead, I threw my leg over his and sat on it while I 
finished tying the last knot.
	He was groaning when I stepped off the bed, but not quite 
aware yet of what had happened.  I stood there, absently rubbing my 
sore bottom where I'd landed on it earlier, and observed with 
trepidation my captive's return to consciousness.

*****

To be Continued.... 




Return of The Vile Gamer Ch. 2
by DEDHeather94

	  Chuck saw me standing there and looked puzzled for a 
moment.  He made a move as if to get up and his eyes widened in shock 
as he realized he couldn't move his arms or legs.  He looked wildly 
about, seeing for the first time the predicament he was in.  I 
couldn't help but flinch when he began to violently struggle against 
his bonds.  I was praying fervently that I'd tied them tightly 
enough.  Apparently I had, because his struggles soon stopped and he 
stared at me with a mixture of astonishment, fear and rage.  I was 
trembling in the face of that rage and had to remind myself that he 
couldn't get at me.  He did, however, begin to curse me soundly.
	"You fucking BITCH!!!", he screamed, making me flinch 
again, "What the FUCK did you DO TO ME??"
	Again he pulled and strained against the rope with all his 
strength it seemed, cursing and yelling the whole time. I felt stupid 
standing there trembling when he was the one that was helpless, so I 
finally found my voice and some of my courage, despite the way his 
muscles were straining.  Could he actually break the damn rope?  For 
my sake I was hoping against hope that he couldn't.  
	"Shut UP!", I said loudly, "or....or you get this again!"  I 
wielded the stun-gun at him in a threatening manner.  I tried to keep 
my hands from shaking while doing so, but I don't think I did a good 
job of it.
	The astonishment returned to his face briefly, then the rage 
again--more so than ever.
	"So that's what you did!  Oh...you bitch!  Ohhhh...just wait 
you little CUNT!!  I'll fucking KILL you!!"
	"I don't think so you bastard", I said quietly. "Haven't you 
noticed who's tied up this time?" 
	I wasn't gloating or laughing or anything I'd imagined myself 
doing when I daydreamed this moment.  In truth, I was still too 
amazed that I'd actually done this; that it had really worked.  
	There was also something else that kept me from doing any 
victory jigs ....Chuck still frightened me, even though it didn't 
appear he could escape.  But remembering the pain and terror he'd 
inflicted on me before....the rage he'd pounded into me with...God 
help me if the rope or my knots didn't hold him.  He probably would 
kill me if he could get free.  
	Dammit it wasn't fair that I should still be afraid of him!  
He was the helpless one now...just as I'd wanted.  I was hoping this 
unreasonable fear of my captive would pass soon.  I wanted him to be 
afraid, not still scaring me! 
	"Oh I see", he sneered, "So it's payback time, huh little 
Heather?  This is why you suddenly started talking to me again?"
	Something was wrong.  Why wasn't he more scared?  Maybe he 
knew I had no sadist in me.  The idea of hurting someone badly made 
me sick, but there was no way he could know that, at least not for 
sure.  So despite my discomfort in my new role, I threw my shoulders 
back and tried to put on a front.
	"Yeah Chuck....you got it.  Payback's a bitch", I said with 
what I hoped was a tough voice.
	"YOU'RE a bitch!!!....So what are you gonna do now?  Huh??  
You gonna rape me Heather?"  Some of his rage rubbed off on me when 
he started to laugh.
	"Shut up", I said again.  Great comeback, I know.
	Truthfully I hadn't really decided what I was going to do 
with him.  No way was I going to "rape" him or have sex of any kind 
with him.  Most of my planning involved getting him tied and 
helpless.  The only clear plan beyond that was how to let him loose 
without getting killed.  I'd already decided that whenever I was 
done...doing whatever I was going to do, I would stun him again and 
untie one wrist.  By the time he was free I'd be long gone.  Thank 
God he didn't know where I lived.  
	Great, I thought--I'd planned the capture and the release, 
but had no clue what to do in between, besides maybe tease him to 
unbearable frustration.  Now I didn't even feel like doing that.  
	"Hey, I really wouldn't mind", he continued in a mocking 
seductive voice, "you look really good baby.  Won'tcha come on over 
here....attack me.  You know you want to".
	I suddenly saw red...he was just such an asshole!!   I was 
suddenly at his side, breathing hard.  How dare he mock me??  How 
dare he even be angry in the first place after what he did to me??
	"FUCK YOU!!!", I screamed.
	Still grinning, he stuck out his tongue and waggled it 
suggestively at me.
	"Yeaaahh baby....that's what I'm talkin about!"
	He was laughing again and I wanted to kill him....even his 
frightening rage was better than this!  Without thinking, I reacted 
with instinctive violence. The loud noise of my hand connecting with 
his grinning face cut his laughter short.  In my rage I'd hit him 
really hard...harder than I'd ever hit anybody (and truthfully I 
couldn't remember ever hitting anybody that way before).  My palm 
stung with the force of it, and a tattoo of my handprint stood out on 
his face, which was no longer smiling.
	"You'll pay for that you cunt", he snarled through gritted 
teeth.
	The slap had startled me as well.  I was biting back the 
automatic "I'm sorry" that wanted to pop out over long habit of 
civilized behavior.  Instead I tried to play it off like inflicting 
pain was the most natural thing in the world to me.  I doubt he was 
fooled.
	"I've paid enough, Chuck", I said with bravado, "Tonight it's 
your turn to pay".
	"We'll see, bitch".  I didn't like how he was smiling 
again...like he knew something I didn't.
	I stood there a moment (biting my lip like a stupid girl) 
trying to decide if I should even attempt to stay and keep up this 
charade that I really had no stomach for.  I was thinking maybe I 
should just zap him again and get the hell out of there.  That was 
sounding like the better plan, because I didn't want to be here 
anymore. The vibes were all wrong.  Instead of triumph all I felt was 
the panic of impending doom.  But then where was Chuck's punishment 
in that?.  I should have realized that being outsmarted by a woman 
was probably the worst punishment I could inflict on a guy like him 
then followed my instincts...and run like hell.  
	 I nearly jumped out of my skin when a sharp knock sounded on 
the door.  What the hell??  Calm down, I thought.  Somebody obviously 
has the wrong room.  Then the knock was repeated, this time 
accompanied by a male voice.
	"Open up....Police"
	I gasped with surprise and some shock...Police??  What were 
the police doing here??  Of course....Chuck's yells must have annoyed 
one of the other guests enough to call them.  Shit!!  I felt vaguely 
resentful that no police showed up the last time I was in a room with 
this guy.  I'd screamed...at least before the threat of his knife 
silenced me...then later a gag had muted the loudest, most agonized 
ones...
	"Aren't you going to answer that?"
	I looked at Chuck then...torn from my reverie and 
indecision...and was flustered by the look of smug triumph on his 
face.  Quickly I ran to the bathroom and came back with a washcloth 
which I promptly stuffed in his mouth, ignoring the look of pure hate 
in his eyes.
	I was halfway to the door when I realized that all I had on 
was the silky black teddy I'd put on earlier to entice my "guest".  I 
was frantically searching for my clothes when the cop knocked 
again...louder this time.
	"Just a minute!" I trilled, as is everything was fine and 
dandy while tugging my jeans on over the teddy.  I couldn't spot my 
sweater anywhere, but said to hell with it and finally went to the 
door.
	Mindful of the sight of Chuck behind me, spread out and bound 
to the bed as he was, I only opened the door a little.  Sure enough, 
there was a policeman on the other side of it looking at me 
quizzically.  In fact he was outright staring, and actually looked 
more astounded than quizical.  I really didn't understand his 
surprise...was it my attire?  Surely he'd seen women answer his 
knocks wearing less.  The top of my teddy wasn't even all that 
revealing.  
	"Yes officer?", I inquired politely (and calmly I hoped).
	He was rather handsome...maybe not as conventionally so as 
Chuck, but he had what looked like a friendly face, nice mild blue 
eyes, and blonde curling hair under his police cap.  He stared at me 
for a few moments and appeared to be at a loss for words, as if he 
had expected somebody else....anybody else to open the door.  Maybe 
he had the wrong room after all.
	"Is there a problem?", I asked tentatively.  
	"Uhh...well.....um....", He looked terribly distracted and I 
was becoming every bit as puzzled as he seemed to be.  Finally he 
spoke.
	"There were some complaints of noises coming from this room", 
he said uncertainly, "Is everything all right?".  
	He was trying to look over my head and behind me, trying to 
see inside.  I was trying the best I could to block him from seeing 
anything, and babbling an apology for the noise when Chuck suddenly 
let loose with a godawful shout behind his gag.  Holy Christ!!  What 
can he be thinking I wondered with real surprise.  Pissed off he may 
be, but why would he want the cops in on this??  This was between us, 
just like the first time...and I didn't go to the cops on him!  I 
felt indignation and more than a little disgust at what I considered 
to be his cowardice.  Was he really scared of me after all?  
	The cop looked at me, his eyes suddenly wide, and I'm sure I 
looked guilty as hell, but I wasn't prepared to be shoved backwards 
by the door as Officer Friendly forced his way into the room,  nearly 
making me fall on my ass for the second time that night.
	"Hey!!", I yelled, both frightened and outraged, "You can't 
DO that!!"
	Ignoring my protests, the cop charged into the room, and the 
first sight to greet him was Chuck, bound and gagged and thrashing 
for all he was worth.  He was clearly wanting help from the cop.  No, 
that's not quite right--actually he seemed to be demanding his help!  
Fucking tattletale wuss, I thought with contempt.
	The policeman seemed genuinely shocked at the sight--what was 
the matter with him??  Had he never heard of sex games?  That's what 
the scene would have looked like to an outsider, just a fun game of 
bondage between lovers.  Of course Chuck's obvious fury was the only 
thing making it look more serious...but still, the look of shock on 
the cop's face didn't seem to fit the situation.  His jaw had 
literally dropped!
	I tried to salvage the situation by offering the obvious 
explanation...if only Chuck would shut up!
	"That's just my boyfriend!  We were just....you 
know....playing..."
	Then I was the one astonished when the cop's initial shock 
gave way to laughter.  I don't mean a few snickers either....great 
gales of hearty laughter shook his body till he had to bend over.  He 
was laughing so hard that tears were squirting from his eyes and he 
had to swipe at them.  He was laughing as if it weren't a bound and 
furious man on the bed he was seeing, but Jim Carrey or somebody 
doing a comedy routine in front of him.
	I glanced at Chuck, who was glaring at the cop furiously.  I 
was simply dumbstruck.  What the hell was so funny??
	"Well well...", snorted the cop when he could finally 
speak, "what have we here?"  He was visibly trying to stifle the wild 
laughter that wanted to erupt again, but having difficulty.  
	Thinking back...Oh God, if I'd only had the sense to realize 
something was rotton here, perhaps I could have bolted out the door 
while Officer Zany was having his laughing fit, but I was so amazed I 
was rooted to the spot.
	"I told you...he's my boyfriend, officer....we were 
just...um....you know..." I mumbled.
	"Playing!....Riiight!", he exclaimed with the same high 
humor.  "Well, let's see what your boyfriend says about it, shall we?"
	He strode over then and pulled the rag from Chuck's mouth.  
Once ungagged, Chuck wasted no time.
	"GET THAT BITCH!!" he screamed.
	"Oh yeah...good idea my man", and while still chortling 
laughter he suddenly whirled around and grabbed me by the arms.  
Before I could do more than gasp with surprise at this new 
development he'd swiftly cuffed my hands behind my back.
	"NO!!  WAIT!!", I protested.  I couldn't believe this shit!
	He was still laughing as he forced me to sit in one of the 
chairs.
	"The DOOR Stupid!!" from Chuck.
	"Oh, yeah"  the cop giggled foolishly then shut and locked 
the door he'd just charged thru, then returned to me. To my horror 
and utter confusion, he pulled a length of rope from somewhere in his 
uniform and started tying my ankles together.  I'd never heard of the 
police doing that!  
	"God you're great!  I think I love you already!  But really, 
I can't let you get away with doing that to my friend, Heather"
	My eyes widened as I started to feel really scared for the 
first time. How in the hell did he know to call me Heather?  And what 
did he mean "his friend"??
	Turning to the prisoner on the bed, he addressed him for the 
first time.
	"Hey, how did this happen anyway Chuck?  I figured you'd have 
her good and tied by now!  What did she do??"
	My jaw was the one that dropped then.  Chuck?  He'd 
said "CHUCK"!  He knew him!  Realization dawned on me with a 
sickening thud.  Despite my careful planning I'd been set up!  So 
this was Chuck's "little surprise"!  A fucking goddamn PARTNER!  No 
wonder he'd looked so smug!  No wonder the "cop" had looked so 
surprised to see me open the door...and no wonder Chuck had made so 
much noise!  He didn't want his pal to think he had the wrong room 
and leave him.
	I realized their plan then without having to be told.  Chuck 
had probably planned to be very rough, very frightening with me, 
despite his almost warm greeting upon finding me.  Then at some point 
his pal, dressed like a cop, was going to show up, and just when I 
thought I'd been rescued he was going to suddenly join the 
festivities.  Oh DAMN Chuck!!  Triple goddamn him!!
	I started to shriek then...screaming for help.  Unfortunately 
this new guy was fast and quickly shoved the same washcloth, still in 
his hand, into my mouth.
	"Shut that fucking bitch up!!"  Chuck was still bound, but 
his mouth was working fine.
	"Now now....sssshhhh",  my new captor soothed me 
mockingly, "we can't have all that noise can we?  Somebody might call 
the cops or something!"  He burst into new laughter at his own wit.
	"Goddamn it, untie me Eric!!", Chuck commanded, but Eric was 
in no hurry.  He was still enjoying Chuck's predicament too much.  
Too much for Chuck's taste anyway.
	"Come ON!!" the embarrassed prisoner yelled impatiently.
	"Wait man, you gotta tell me how she did that!"  He was still 
laughing in spurts, which infuriated his bound buddy.
	"A fucking stun gun, OK??  Now untie me dammit!!  Let me at 
her!  I'll shove the goddamn thing up her ASS!", he turned his 
hateful glare on me then, "You hear me whore?"
	I sure did, and I was beginning to cry now with real terror.  
Oh god...he was going to kill me when he got loose!  I was sure of 
it.  Not only had I outsmarted him--to an extent anyway--but I'd 
humiliated him to his friend...someone he'd obviously bragged to 
about raping me.  Now that friend was laughing at him as if this were 
the funniest thing he'd ever seen.  My goose was cooked worse than 
ever now and I knew it.
	"A stun gun huh?  Clever!"  Eric turned to me with what 
looked like genuine admiration.  "I like your style baby."
	He moved over close to where I sat helpless and shaking.  
	"Your tits aren't bad either!"
	I squirmed and tried to evade him as he treated himself to a 
nice feel of them thru the sheer material of the teddy.
	"Mind if I get a better look?", asked Eric jovially.
	Using both hands he pulled the thin straps over my shoulders, 
then pulled down the rest of the front, exposing my breasts to his 
view.
	Eyes widening, his expression of admiration deepened as he 
whistled, exclaimed "Niiiiice", then smiled at me as though we were 
good friends.  Somewhere in the back of my mind I felt humiliation 
and outrage, but I was too terrified of Chuck's immenent release and 
vengeance to worry much about his friend's lecherous attentions.
	"HEY!!  Untie me you stupid motherfucker!"  Chuck was getting 
more pissed by the second.
	"Oh yeah!", Eric laughed again, apparently having the time of 
his life so far.  	"Sorry, pal, I got distracted there for a 
minute.  You weren't bullshitting about this chick.  She is prettier 
than her pictures!"
	"Fucking bitch won't be pretty when I'm done with her!", 
	Chuck was speaking to Eric, but was looking at me.  
	"Aw, come on!  Don't be like that...you gotta admit she's 
pretty cool!  Fooled your ass good!"  
	Eric was moving toward Chuck to finally untie him.  OH GOD HE 
COULDN'T!! I tried to get his attention.  I was shaking my head 
desperately...pleading incoherently behind the gag....trying to 
convey my panic over him freeing Chuck, but I knew it was useless.  
It was only a matter of time.  Maybe I was hoping he'd pity me (or 
even fear for me) since he seemed to like me, and let me go before 
untying him.  No such luck.
	"I'll be right back, Sweetness", he winked at me, then bent 
to work on the knots that were keeping the furious madman safely away 
from me.
	Eric suddenly stood up before making much progress, as if a 
new idea had hit him.  He had the look of a mischievious kid.
	"Hey Chuck!  Too bad I'm not half a fag; me and Supergirl 
here could have some fun with you!"
	That cracked him up and he was off again with the wild 
laughter.  Chuck wasn't amused at all.  He shouted "You 
MOTHERFUCKER!!", and I swear his face turned purple as he renewed his 
thrashing struggles.
	Eric was definitely the only one appreciative of his humor.  
Maybe if I weren't in such deep shit I would have been amused too, 
but I was wishing like hell he would stop with the jokes.  Chuck was 
seriously pissed as it was and I knew the more Eric laughed at him 
the more I would have to pay for it.  
	"Tough room!", declared Officer Wiseass while looking from 
Chuck to me.  Chuck's eyes blazed fierce hatred, while my own could 
only show stark terror. There was really nothing funny about any of 
this.
	"Aw, c'mon Chuckster!  You know I'm just fuckin with ya!  
Supergirl's the one I want".  
	Winking at me again, he bent to untie his friend--for real 
this time. 
	"Wow....this chick ties some hard knots!....hang on 
now....hold still dude!"
	While Eric was working on the knots Chuck never took his eyes 
off me, and as the old saying goes, if looks could kill...well, you 
know. 
	When both his hands were free, Chuck shoved his rescuer away 
and furiously untied his own ankles, muttering and cursing the whole 
time.  I heard myself whimpering uncontrollably the closer he got to 
freedom.
	The whimpers dissolved into terrified sobs when he was 
completely untethered...inside as well as physically, I feared.  He 
turned his hate-filled gaze to me again, but this time there was dark 
triumph there as well.  He nearly fell off the bed like I'd done 
earlier in his mad scramble to get at me.  He was nearly growling 
during the few seconds it took him to reach my side.  
	He snatched the gag from my mouth, then hauled off and 
slapped me hard.  I gasped at the explosion of pain on my face as my 
head snapped violently in the other direction.
	"BITCH!" he spat, then slapped the other side of my face just 
as hard before I'd had time to recover from the first one.
	The slaps continued for what seemed forever.  Chuck abandoned 
the back and forth pattern he'd started with and delivered each blow 
to the left side of my face, chanting "BITCH" every time a blow 
landed. I was shrieking hysterically at this point.   The last time 
Chuck had slapped me like this had been hard enough to bruise my face 
and split my lip, yet those had been loving caresses compared to this.
	Through my cries of pain, hysterical sobs and Chuck's curses, 
I could dimly hear Eric's voice raised in weak protest.
	"Oh hey!.....Dude!!  Calm down....quit it!  Don't fuck up her 
face!"
	Eric finally physically intervened by charging forward and 
grabbing Chuck's arm while it was upraised to deliver yet another 
blow.  Who knows how long he would have gone on slapping me?  Or how 
long before his open palm turned into a fist?
	I was blearily grateful at first, but unfortunately, Eric's 
intervention only managed to divert Chuck's unspent fury to another 
idea....something way darker than slaps.
	The two men stood staring at each other a moment, Chuck 
panting with his anger and exertion, then his eyes landed on the butt 
of the gun on Eric's hip.  I hadn't even noticed it yet.  Before Eric 
could react, Chuck seized the revolver from Eric's holster and in a 
flash had it pointed at my head.
	"Chuck!!  NO!!  What the fuck are you DOING??", Eric sounded 
frightened now.  I, however, was beyond frightened.  If you've never 
had a gun pointed at you, there's no way to understand the pure 
horror...the sick awareness that you're only one jerk of a finger 
away from death.
	Ignoring Eric's frantic protests, Chuck began speaking to me 
in a low, deceptively soft voice which did nothing to conceal the 
menace.
	"Did you know Eric here is a real cop?  Did you know that 
Heather?....Oh, of course not.  How could you know that?  Well he is. 
One of New York's Finest...aren't you Eric?"
	I felt some surprise at the information.  When Eric was 
revealed to be Chuck's friend and rape-partner, I'd assumed the cop 
outfit was fake..all part of my surprise.    	So Chuck had made 
friends with a real cop with a rape fantasy over the internet, and 
had used his considerable writing skills to tell him all about me, 
his real life victim, then in a burst of friendship and generosity 
invited him along on his next adventure with me.  What a guy.  It was 
all very interesting, but at the moment I had much more to worry 
about.
	"Shut up Chuck!"  By Eric's uncomfortable reaction to Chuck's 
revelation, it appeared to be true.
	"Oh don't worry!  She's not gonna tell anybody....are you 
little Heather?"
	Fearing he planned to silence me forever as it was, I shook 
my head slightly...terrified of making a wrong move.
	"Anyway....that means this is a real gun...believe me?"  I 
nodded yes, crying harder.
	"Tell me why I shouldn't I blow you to Hell right now you 
cunt!"
	He seemed to want an answer, so I attempted to speak, but my 
words were barely audible in my extreme fright.
	"I'm....I....I'm s-s-sorry....Ohgod ...oh please..."  was 
about all I could manage.
	"Oh...are you now?"  
	"yesss-s-s"
	"Not as sorry as you're going to be, slut"
	Eric was wide-eyed and fidgeting uncomfortably during this 
exchange.  This was obviously not going the way he'd been expecting.  
I knew the feeling.
	"Ah God....Chuck...pal...come on man!  Don't do something 
stupid....it's not worth it!"
	"She's not worth it!",  Chuck sneered, then turned his 
sarcasm onto his partner.  "Whatcha gonna do if I blow this bitch 
away huh?  Arrest me??"  Now that things were going his way again, 
Chuck was the one laughing. 
	"Kind of off your beat aren't you officer?  Coming all this 
way to help me rape some slut....you're up to your neck in this,.. 
partner!"
	While taunting Eric, Chuck had been moving the barrel of the 
gun over my face. I was scared to even breathe....now he softly 
caresed my trembling lips with the cold steel, caressing them as 
gently as a lover's fingertip would.  Suddenly his other hand gripped 
a handful of my hair and pulled my head back, simultaneously pushing 
the gun at my lips harder...hurting them.
	"Suck on this you whore" 
	Omigod....I couldn't believe he expected me to open my mouth 
so he could stick a gun in there!  How could I?  
	I fixed my eyes on his...trying to plead with him to not do 
this to me, but the only noise I could make was a soft high-pitched 
wail.  More tears filled my eyes when I saw not a hint of mercy in 
his.  I glanced at Eric quickly, but saw no help there...he looked 
uneasy, but despite his nicer-guy role in this sick game of good-
rapist/ bad -rapist, I saw something in his eyes that frightened me 
almost as much as the hatred in Chuck's....fascination, and 
excitement.  He wanted to see this!  He was perhaps scared too, in a 
way, but he wanted to see me suck his gun barrel.  For him, this was 
a fantasy, and I was nothing to him...not a person at all in that 
context.  Even if Chuck indeed killed me...maybe he would hate that 
to happen (especially before he could get more than a squeeze of my 
breast), but ultimately he knew Chuck was right....there'd be nothing 
he could do about it without bringing trouble on himself.
	"P-p-please...I can't"...I whispered.
	"Do it Bitch", ...I heard a click as he cocked the gun, "or I 
decorate the fuckin walls with your useless brains!"
	That did it.  With a gasping sob, I parted my lips somehow 
and felt the cold hard steel of the weapon being pushed into my 
mouth. The metallic oily taste was like death itself to me.  Chuck's 
grip on my hair tightened as he started moving the gun in and out; 
pushing it harder and further inside each time, building speed.  My 
mind couldn't let go of the knowledge that the gun was cocked, and 
any wrong move on his part or mine would be the end of me...I was so 
sure it would go off, I didn't bother praying that it wouldn't....I 
only prayed that I wouldn't feel it.
	"Mmmm....Do a good job and maybe I'll fuck you with it 
later," he crooned.
	"Ohhhh....Oh..god", Eric moaned almost reverently.  My eyes, 
wild with fright flew to him briefly.  I was dismayed, but not really 
surprised to see his hand almost absently stroking the noticeable 
bulge in his uniform pants.
	"That's it whore..suck it...", Chuck's voice was tense, "How 
do you like it?  How does it feel to suck Death's dick?"
	All I could do was hold still, keep my mouth open, and pray 
he would tire of this deadly game soon.
	Noticing Eric's obvious excitement, he snickered a bit.
	"Ok...I guess Death can wait a little while. Looks like my 
friend here wants to take his place."  With that he pulled the gun 
from my mouth to my shuddery sigh of relief.  Keeping his grip on my 
hair, he pulled me forward out of the chair, till I fell on the floor 
to my knees.
	"Go ahead pal...she's all yours".
	Eric wasted no time.  Unzipping as he approached me, his 
large erection was soon free and he immediately put it to my lips.  
Chuck was behind me, one fist still full of my hair, his other hand 
put the gun to my temple.
	"Suck him good, you bitch...like your fucking life depends on 
it."
	Eric was pushing himself into my mouth...filling it.  I was 
sucking hard, making my tongue flutter along the underside of his 
cock, causing him to moan and gasp.
	"Ohhh...baby...aaahh yeaaah", his hands were caressing my 
face while he pumped in and out at a controlled, but increasing pace 
while Chuck held me firmly in place by the hair, the gun still to my 
head.
	Suddenly pulling out, Eric addressed his new partner in a 
voice choked with lust.
	"Chuck...let's get her on the bed," he was panting, his tone 
urgent, "Man, I'm dying to fuck her."
	Chuck released my hair by flinging me aside, causing me to 
land on my side painfully.  Since my wrists were still cuffed behind 
me and my ankles still tied together, I had no balance and no way to 
stop myself from falling.
	"No," he said to Eric, "Pull your pants back up.  I have a 
better idea".
	"Huh?"
	Chuck handed Eric's gun back to him when he was zipped 
again.  I lay on the floor, wondering what fresh hell Chuck had in 
store for me now.
	"You mind telling me why I've pulled my pants back up?"
	"We're taking this bitch for a little ride",  Chuck 
relplied, "I'll drive".  
	He'd picked something up off the table and was now 
approaching me with it, his expression grim, "...but first.."
	"Oh NOOOO!!", I wailed when I saw that he'd found the stun 
gun and was coming toward me with it.
	"Oh yeah...let's see how you like it!"
	I was instinctively trying to scoot away from his approach, 
but of course I knew it was hopeless.  Before being hit with a jolt 
of pain that tore thru my body and sent me into unconsciousness, my 
last coherent thought about being zapped with my own stun gun was 
that perhaps I had that one coming....

*****

To Be Continued...




Return of The Vile Gamer Ch. 3
by DEDHeather94

	When consciousness returned to me I found myself face-down in 
a small dark place, unable to move my arms or legs.  I could hear the 
hum of a car motor, and had a sense of being sped along.  After a few 
moments of disoriented confusion, I soon realized the handcuffs had 
been exchanged for ropes, and that I was hog-tied.  The next thing to 
register was that I was gagged--something silky (probably my panties) 
was stuffed into my mouth and lengths of electrical or duct tape was 
holding them in place. I figured out the dark place I was in was the 
trunk of a car.
	I was being sped to some new torment and all I could do was 
lay there feeling the vibrations of the motor, and praying I'd live 
thru whatever was about to happen.  I could hear the distant voices 
of my captors, talking and occasionally laughing from the front of 
the car. It was so strange...while in this tiny speeding prison, 
gagged and tied the way I was, I had the most powerful feeling of 
deja-vu....as if I'd been here before.

* * * * *

	"Ok, here's the rules", Chuck was saying to Eric, whose 
initial protests had been quieted by his raging hard-on over what was 
happening to me now.
	"We can do whatever we want to her, whatever hurts,  just no 
pushing.  Whoever makes her fall wins".
	"What if she doesn't fall?  Do we just play till she does?"
	"Oh she will...eventually.  But just in case she doesn't, 
whoever makes her scream the loudest thru her gag wins".
	I listened in horror as I stood there shivering in the autumn 
breeze, my jeans having been removed from me while unconscious.  All 
I had on now was the black teddy, the front still shoved down, my 
breasts still exposed.
	We were deep in some woods. I have no idea where, but it 
appeared we were isolated. The small campfire burning nearby and a 
few lanterns were the only lights.  Other than that, total darkness 
surrounded us. I mention being chilly, but that was the least of my 
worries, nor was it the cause of most of my shivering.  Did I say I 
was standing?  That's not quite accurate.  What I was really doing 
was balancing precariously on top of one of those stepladders that 
unfold and have only a few rungs.  It wasn't very steady on the 
uneven ground.  Those things tend to be shaky anyway, and this one 
was doubly so. Balancing on the jittering ladder was made even harder 
by the fact that I was forced to stand on tiptoes.  Hard as it was to 
keep steady, I somehow managed, for you see, my very life was in the 
balance because of the noose tightly knotted around my neck.  The 
other end was thrown over a sturdy limb above me twice, then tied 
securely to a lower limb close to the bottom of the tree we all stood 
under.
	The men who had brought me here were standing maybe three 
feet below me, discussing the rules of Chuck's new game--a game where 
the object was making me fall from my ladder.  I was sure it wouldn't 
take much, and my terror was extreme.
	Upon releasing me from the trunk, they had freed my feet and 
pulled me toward the tree they had already prepared.  My wrists were 
still bound tightly behind me. My screams of terror, although gagged, 
had risen to an impressive level while they dragged me to the tree, 
where I saw the ladder and the noose.  The end had been thrown over 
the branch only once at that point, and the entire rope dangled 
loosely, waiting for me.  
	The sight of the noose filled me with so much terror I 
hysterically refused to climb the ladder and struggled with every bit 
of strength I could muster.  It took both of them to even get me near 
it.  My frantic struggles only made them have to work harder, but  
they got me there.  Both of them combined were way stronger than me, 
even if I hadn't been bound.  Chuck threw the noose around my neck 
while Eric held me; a task I didn't make easy for him because of my 
kicking and thrashing.  However, once the rope was tightened around 
my throat, and Chuck started pulling the other end, it was either 
climb the damn ladder or choke then and there.  Eric guided me up the 
few rungs, then held me steady at the top till Chuck was able to 
throw the end over the branch once more and pull out the slack.  He 
pulled till I was forced to stand on my tiptoes--I suppose he thought 
being able to stand on the bottoms of my feet would be too easy for 
me.  I was also forced to stop fighting and screaming, to stay calm 
and  concentrate all my will on keeping my balance.
	So here I stood...on top of that rickety, shaking stepladder, 
half naked, shivering with cold and absolute terror...my wrists tied 
behind me, still gagged...my heels unable to touch the shaking, 
uneven structure that was the only thing keeping me alive.  And they 
were talking about making me scream....making me fall.
	I now understood the extent of Chuck's fury at having been 
outsmarted by me initially.  I saw he meant it when he'd shouted that 
he would kill me.  And Eric, the cop from New York who'd foiled my 
revenge had also sealed my fate.  He had nothing against me 
personally--in fact he seemed to like me.  But he had a rape fantasy 
he'd come to fulfill, and thanks to Chuck, he was discovering an even 
darker side to himself.  Seeing me at the edge of death, helpless, 
bound, scared beyond comprehension, was exciting him more than he 
probably would have admitted, even to himself.  To Chuck it was 
personal, and I was a bitch who was going to pay.  To Eric it was a 
fantasy, and I was merely a body--a non-person.  
	This meant of course, that I was going to hang.  I knew when 
I lost my precarious footing on this ladder there wouldn't be much of 
a fall, so I would strangle slowly.  But first I was going to be the 
object of some terrible game that could have come straight from a 
macabre carnival in Hell....I could almost hear a demonic barker 
shouting "HURT THE BITCH AND MAKE HER FALL....MAKE HER HANG AND WIN 
IT ALL!!!"
	I was going to hang...ohgod, oh yes indeed....but first I was 
going to suffer...
	I watched helplessly as they cut small branches from nearby 
trees;  some with leaves still clinging to them, some without.  As 
kids, most of us called these switches...used by parents before 
everybody got all PC to swat us with when we misbehaved.  I'd never 
felt more afraid of a switch than I did at that moment.
	Chuck approached me first with his switch, and was taunting 
me with it....trailing it down my body gently and speaking to me with 
soft menace.
	"Ready Bitch?  Stay focused, now..."
	His arm raised, and it was a great effort to not flinch 
away.  I bit into the gag and tried to prepare for the pain, but when 
the blow landed across my thighs it was all I could do to remain 
still.  The fiery sting whipped thru my nerves--making me jerk 
despite the necessity to remain as still as possible.  I couldn't 
help crying out.
	When Eric stepped up for his turn I looked him in the eye, 
but he looked away from my gaze and chose to land his blow across my 
butt, made bare after he pulled my teddy down further.  Again I cried 
out and shuddered violently, but again I managed somehow to keep my 
footing.  The noose, so tight around my neck was a constant reminder 
that I had to keep still, no matter what they did to me.
	"Asshole, you hit like a girl!", Chuck was laughing.  He then 
whipped his switch across my bare breasts.  That hurt so bad I wanted 
to curl up into a wailing, wounded little ball, but of course all I 
could do was make my feet stay steady, move as little as possible, 
and howl my pain into the gag.
	This went on for what seemed like forever, and very little of 
my flesh was spared.  When they tired of the switches, they removed 
their belts and hit me with those.  Many times I very nearly 
overtuned the shaky ladder, my feet scrambling madly to keep it from 
toppling.  One of those times was because of a terrible cramp in my 
right calf.  As if I wasn't enduring enough pain, my own body added 
to it.  Having to stay on tiptoes was straining my calf muscles to 
the limit, so a cramp was inevitable.  Hoping my left leg wouldn't 
cramp up at the same time, I was forced to shift my weight entirely 
to the ball of my left foot while I flexed my right foot upwards in a 
desperate attempt to make the clenching muscles loosen up.  Luckily 
it was Eric's turn when the cramp hit, and he waited till it looked 
like I had the agony in my leg under control before he delivered his 
blow.  To his credit, and Chuck's scorn, he didn't hit me as hard 
that time.  To make up for that, Chuck hit me extra hard when his 
turn came around.
	My whole body felt on fire from the constant beating, and 
every muscle felt strained to the limit with my efforts to keep from 
falling.  I knew I couldn't last much longer, and once I even 
considered cheating them by simply stepping off the ladder and ending 
the unbearable suffering.  The only thing stopping me was my will to 
live.  I didn't want to die that way.  I didn't want to die at all.  
Still, there was only so much pain I could stand and still keep 
myself from writhing enough to fall from my unsteady perch.
	"Chuck, I don't think she's gonna fall", said Eric after 
they'd lashed every part of me that was already stinging from the 
switches, "why don't we quit, ok?  I'm about to burst here".
	Chuck was lighting a cigarette as Eric was speaking, and he 
moved close to me again.  Looking up at me with an evil grin, he blew 
smoke at me and replied.
	"Yeah, ok.  We'll stop.  But first I want to try one more 
thing..."
	With that, he lifted the cigarette to one of my exposed and 
welted breasts, but slowly...making me flinch back despite the 
danger.  I shook my head frantically, wailing and trying to plead 
with him wordlessly not to do it.  When the smoldering end of the 
butt finally touched the side of my right breast the explosion of 
pain was too intense to stay still.
	Shrieking madly, my body reacted to the pain of fire by 
instinctively twisting violently to escape it, despite the frantic 
warning from what remained of my rational mind.  My agony was finally 
stronger than my body's ability to endure it and remain still.  I'm 
only human.
	My screams rose in panic when I felt the ladder finally tip 
beyond the reach of my feet to retrieve it.  Then all cries were cut 
off cleanly when my tumble was stopped short by the rope snapping 
around my neck.
	I was only dimly aware of my body turning at the end of the 
rope....of my feet kicking frantically to find some purchase, and of 
Eric shouting "SHIT!!!" in a high, frightened voice.  Mostly what I 
was aware of was the enourmous pressure in my head, like it would 
explode, and the horrible pain in my throat and neck from supporting 
my whole body.  It was amazing how swiftly both my screams and breath 
were cut off.  My kicking was only tightening the rope more, but I 
couldn't stop.  
	These things happened in only a few split seconds I suppose.  
Before my body had turned in a complete circle, the pressure from my 
neck and head lifted somewhat when I felt strong arms about my waist 
lifting me quickly.  I could hear my rescuer shouting but his voice 
sounded very far away because of the dull roaring in my ears as the 
blood trapped there tried to flow again.
	"Chuck HELP me Goddammit!!  Give me your knife!"
	Eric was holding me aloft awkwardly, shouting for Chuck to 
help after he'd tried unsuccessfully to loosen the noose with one 
panicky hand.  His other arm was around me to keep me from hanging 
again.  The noose had become terribly tight when I'd briefly swung 
from it.  The worst of the pressure was off my neck, but I still felt 
like I was strangling.
	I could hear Chuck laughing....the bastard.
	"Hey check it out....I won".
	"CHUCK!", Eric sounded desperate.
	"Why don't you just let her hang?  It would be less trouble"
	Fuck you, I thought.  God how I hated him.  I was wishing I'd 
just killed him while I had the chance.  But despite his cruel jokes 
he responded quickly enough, cutting the rope himself while Eric was 
still frantically reaching for the knife and trying to keep me aloft 
with one arm.
	Because of Eric's awkward hold on me, when the rope was 
suddenly cut I fell to the ground, my sudden plummet causing him to 
lose his grip on me.
	"Ohgod!  Oh shit!!...Oh Heather, I'm sorry....oh MAN!!"
	Eric was babbling with the fervor of an unbeliever who 
suddenly bursts into prayer when faced with danger as he knelt beside 
me and removed the gag. I barely felt the pain of the tape being 
pulled from my face with panicky swiftness.  He yanked at the noose 
still around my neck until the knots finally began to give. I was 
gasping precious air as deeply as I could, though it hurt my throat, 
then coughing which hurt it even worse.  I had turned onto my side, 
coughing painfully and sobbing with a mixture of lingering terror 
from my brush with death, and relief that I was still alive. The fact 
that every bit of my body felt afire with pain from the many welts 
and recent burn didn't slow my tears down either.
	Eric untied my wrists, still babbling apologies.  Despite his 
excitement at my peril, he'd obviously been scared badly.  Not quite 
as much as me, but I suppose it's a good thing he was.  I didn't 
doubt that Chuck would have just let me hang till my frantic kicking 
and all other motion stopped.  I couldn't see Chuck from where I was 
laying at the moment, and couldn't hear him either.  But I could feel 
him silently watching, and I could still feel his malevolence toward 
me, only somewhat quelled by my torture so far.
	While I was still on the ground, Eric suddenly gripped me and 
turned me onto my back.  His hands moved further down and pulled my 
skimpy garment the rest of the way off me.  He was breathing heavily 
and moaning, and incredibly, still saying he was sorry over and over 
even as he was undoing his pants.
	Although I was no longer tied, I didn't try to fight or even 
offer a token resistance when his hands pulled my knees apart.  When 
his body lowered onto mine, and his hardness plunged into me, I only 
kept sobbing...no less than before, but no more either.  I had almost 
died, and was still reeling from that.  So being violated on the cold 
and dirty ground, although rude, wasn't the worst thing to have 
happened this night.  At least I was alive.
	Chuck dropped to his knees beside my head then and growled at 
Eric to "move back some, motherfucker".  Eric complied by grasping 
each of my legs on either side of him and pulling my lower body up as 
he sat up on his knees, leaving me with my shoulders and head on the 
ground.  This new position allowed deeper penetration, and he resumed 
pumping into me with even more enthusiasm.
	Before I could barely adjust, Chuck picked up my head, 
sliding one knee under my neck and began shoving his hard, hateful 
cock between my lips, still parted by my steady sobbing.  
	I started to resist then--to fight.  I knew it wouldn't do 
any good, but I had to try. I couldn't stop thinking that he would 
have killed me--after all, he made me fall.  His determination to 
fuck my mouth, to me, meant only that he was going to finish the job 
by choking me to death with his cock instead of hanging me.
	My head twisted violently away from him.  I was screaming 
then, my unbound arms and hands lashing out to slap, scratch, 
pinch....anything to keep him from doing that to me.  Chuck put down 
the rebellion quickly--he was much stronger and my position wasn't a 
very good one for fighting anyway.  After a volley of fresh slaps and 
curses, he held my arms easily even as he held my head in place and 
filled my mouth with his hardness as I knew he would eventually.  
Soon, both men were pumping into me at both ends with urgent abandon.
	Eric came first--the speed of his eager plunges building to a 
frantic pace till I felt him throbbing inside me and the unmistakable 
sticky wetness as his ejaculate filled me.  Chuck had been thrusting 
cruelly into my already aching throat, and I was praying he would 
finish soon.  Since Eric was making no secret of his orgasm, with his 
loud groans and shouts of "Oh Christ I'm cumming", I figured surely 
Chuck wouldn't be far behind.  They were both wildly excited by my 
earlier torture and peril.
	Eric withdrew and collapsed on the ground next to me, 
panting.  Chuck pulled out of my mouth some and and asked,
	"What's wrong bitch?  Your throat hurt?"
	I managed a small nod, although I didn't expect he'd show me 
any mercy--I knew he'd probably just laugh before plunging in even 
deeper.  He surprised me by pulling out completely.
	"Ok!  I won't fuck it anymore....for now."
	I gasped then with horror when he turned me over roughly, 
cackling wildly.  I cried out in horror when I felt his still swollen 
cock shoving against my ass.
	"NOOOO!!!  OHGOD NOT THERE!!"
	"Eric just fucked your pussy, slut.  I don't want sloppy 
seconds!"
	With that, he shoved forward with a beastly grunt, forcing 
himself into my ass brutally, and forcing the loudest and longest 
scream from me yet.  The pain was so sudden and so huge that after 
that first agonized scream I couldn't even draw in enough breath to 
breathe or even scream again for what felt like an eternity.  
	He began fucking me then, increasing his brutal stabs as I 
shrieked in wrenching agony, clawed at the ground and begged him to 
stop.  
	Through a haze of pain and shock I was dimly aware of Eric's 
face close to mine.  He lay next to me, his eyes darting from Chuck's 
brutal performance to the contortions of suffering on my face.  He 
was getting excited again and started kissing me, muffling my screams 
with his mouth.
	It didn't take Chuck that long to finish with me, although it 
felt like forever.   I felt my insides flooded with his foul jism a 
few moments before he finally pulled out of me.  As I lay sobbing 
with pain and relief that it was over, I was horrified when Eric took 
his place behind me.
	"NO!!!  Oh NO!!! DON'T!!!  OH PLEASE NO MORE!!!", I screamed 
hysterically.  But Eric, who apparently didn't mind sloppy seconds at 
all, quickly forced his own still-hard cock into my stretched and 
wounded rectum.
	Although not quite as brutal as Chuck had been, his arousal 
at having just witnessed my last anal rape made him quite deaf to my 
pleas.  Soon he was carried away and fucking my ass with painful 
pounding strokes as my sobs and screams rang out into the dark 
night.  My face scraped back and forth across the ground...my tears 
were turning the dirt there to mud.
	I could hear Chuck laughing and making encouraging remarks to 
his pal as he doused the small fire and walked back and forth, 
gathering up the lanterns, ladder and rope and putting them in the 
car.
	It took Eric much longer to cum this time, and his thrusts 
were picking up a speed every bit as brutal as Chuck's had been.  
Somewhere along the way, carried away by his lust and fulfillment of 
what was likely a lifetime of a forbidden wish to rape a woman, Eric 
had dropped whatever concern he'd had for me at first, and now seemed 
bent on making every second of this rare opportunity count.  I was 
sure I would die of the pain before he was finally finished with me.  
	Finally he did finish, and withdrew from me silently.  He 
left me there still sobbing, and walked back to the car, where I 
heard him get inside and close the door, still without saying a 
word.  Chuck walked back over to where I lay, still shell-shocked, 
dropped my clothes on the ground next to me, and told me to get 
dressed.  He'd even found my missing sweater.
	I was cold and shivering, but couldn't move.  I just kept 
crying.  Chuck squatted next to me and I winced, fully expecting a 
new torrent of abuse, but he just sighed and said, "Oh, Heather...."  
in an odd voice that sounded like a mixture of exasperation, pity and 
maybe even a touch of remorse, but I doubt it.  He hauled me into a 
sitting position and helped me into my clothes almost tenderly, as if 
I were a doll or a small child, and  I winced and cried out in fresh 
pain when the material touched my many welts.
	Nobody said much on the ride back into town.  Instead of the 
trunk, they put me in the back seat where I lay silent and still as 
if dead.  As much as I hadn't wanted to die when the noose had been 
around my neck, I wished for death now.  Actually, I just wanted out 
of my own abused body...being inside it was hurting too much.  Every 
part of me hurt.
	Back at the hotel, I was hoping against hope that they would 
just let me out and leave, but that wasn't to be.  Incredibly, the 
bastards still weren't done with me, and the night was about to get 
much longer.

*****

To Be Concluded...




Return of The Vile Gamer Ch. 4
by DEDHeather94

	They've finally gone now.  I've barely moved from the same 
spot I awoke in. I need to go home, but the thought of moving right 
now feels as impossible as  disappearing into thin air...which is 
what I'd like to do more than anything.
	Everything hurts...more so now than in the woods. Hard as it 
is to believe, everything that happened in the woods was only a warm-
up.  Every goddamn part of me that hadn't been  beaten with sticks or 
belts, rope burned or nearly strangled (and some parts of me that 
was) was fucked--brutally and without mercy.  Every part of me that 
counts as an entrance into, or even out of my body was plundered and 
abused beyond anything I've ever endured.  
	I can't move.....I can't go home, not like this.  I want to 
die.  I want to kill.  That's pretty funny since I can't even bring 
myself to walk a few feet to the bathroom.

	* * * * *

	The drive back to the hotel must have revived them to new 
heights of sadistic lust.  I'd thought surely they had done enough to 
me in the woods....but every time one of them did something to me it 
seemed to excite the other one all over again, and it was monkey-see 
monkey-do back and forth for a long time.
	They stripped me again once we were behind the locked door  
(eagerly pulling their own clothes off again as well), and pulled me 
into the shower.  I'd gotten quite dirty while being raped on the 
forest floor, not to mention scummy inside and out with their filthy 
cum.
	A shower probably would have made me feel somewhat better if 
Eric hadn't been holding me while Chuck roughly soaped me down.  That 
done, they both pushed me to my knees on the hard wet porcelain, and 
Eric continued to hold me while Chuck promptly forced his cock down 
my throat while the water continued to cascade over us.  
	I had to endure the pain of his vicious thrusts into a throat 
already hurting from my brief hanging and the screams that had 
followed while being brutally sodomized in the dark woods.  I did 
endure....it was all I could do.  I couldn't stop what was happening 
to me.  Wishing it away wasn't working, so I somehow lived thru each 
of Chuck's merciless jabs into my wounded throat. all the while 
feeling Eric's hardening cock rubbing against my face, and hearing 
both of their panting and moans and disgusting grunts behind the 
steady hissing noise of the shower.  
	When Chuck forced me to swallow his cum, I had barely stopped 
coughing and retching when Eric stepped up and forced me to do the 
same for him.  Between what I was forced to swallow and the water 
that kept streaming down my face and getting into my nose, I wondered 
more than once if I would drown.

	They tied me to the bed while I was still naked and mostly 
still wet from the shower.  My wrists were tied together, the rope 
binding them tied to the bed so my arms were above my head.  My legs 
were splayed apart and my ankles tied to each end of the bed, keeping 
me helpless and unable to move except for some useless thrashing.   
Chuck shoved my panties into my mouth and taped them inside again so 
they could, as he said "have a little more fun with this bitch" and 
not have to worry about any annoying sounds from me that might bring 
help.
	They amused themselves then by tormenting me with various 
painful tortures, getting excited again as they watched me squirm and 
thrash and summon more screams just when I thought I couldn't 
possibly scream any more.
	It was Eric who produced the clothespins.  They both laughed 
when he clipped one to each of my nipples, watching in fascination as 
my back arched and my arms strained at the rope while I wailed 
piteously.  They started to decorate the rest of my breast flesh with 
them till there was barely an inch not pinched by one.  Both breasts 
were nothing but two mounds of pain on my chest...the cigarette burn 
on my right one hurting even worse than before.  They pinched more of 
them onto the lips of my vagina, and one of them even ended up 
attached to my clitoris.  That was the worst of all....I nearly 
passed out from the pain of that.  
	I thought I would go insane with the overload of pain, but 
just when I thought it could get no worse, they removed the 
clothespins.  That may sound strange, but when they were removed, 
especially from my nipples and clitoris I actually thought they were 
being tightened instead because of the rush of blood back into them.  
Unbelievably they hurt worse coming off than they did going on.  If 
not for the gag, my screams would have not only roused most of the 
hotel guests, but their dead relatives as well.  
	There were a few more mean and frightening things they did to 
me before they raped me some more.  Chuck terrified me by lighting a 
tapered red candle and waving it slowly close to my wide panicked 
eyes, then moving it slower still over my helpless body only inches 
above my flesh, letting the hot wax leave hardening trails on me as 
he continued to move it down.  When he got to the area between my 
spread-apart legs, he left it there till the heat became unbearable, 
then inquired in a mockingly polite voice if I would like him to fuck 
me with it.  My cries became almost demented with hysteria in the 
extremity of my terror and constant pain.  The lousy fuckers laughed 
but at least spared me the torture of becoming a human candle 
snuffer.  
	After peeling bits of red wax from my body, making me jump 
although the pain of that was mostly just annoying, they both stood 
on either side of the bed and discussed how best to position me for 
what they called the "finale' "  They were both eager to rape me 
again-- my enormous suffering had brought their well-used cocks back 
to raging life.  
	They were both smoking cigarettes during the conversation, 
and both of them casually flicked their ashes onto various parts of 
my body instead of bothering to look for an ashtray. I jerked and 
twisted, but that wasn't as bad as seeing the butts burn ever closer 
to the end and wondering where they were planning to put them out.  
	I don't even want to talk about that....the unimaginable 
agony that seemed to pierce my very soul.....or think about 
it....ever ever again.
	The last thing I remember before passing out completely and 
waking up finally alone was the finale'.  They began by untying me 
from the bed, removing my gag, retying my arms behind my back, then 
maneuvering me onto Eric's cock, which was fully erect again from his 
enjoyment of my torture.  He was sitting on the bed, one hand on the 
mattress to support his slightly leaning back position, the other arm 
firmly circling my waist, guiding my lower body onto him as Chuck 
held onto me and pushed me from behind till every inch filled my 
pussy, which was surprisingly wet; a fact they both had a triumphant 
chuckle over.
	Chuck was kneeling behind me, holding me firmly while Eric 
thrust his hips upward into my impaled groin, his face showing his 
pleasure.  I couldn't help but gasp with surprise...despite all the 
terror and abuse I'd suffered, the steady jabs deep inside me were 
igniting tiny sparks of pleasure that I could already tell would 
slowly build to an intense explosion if continued.  I felt my cunt 
muscles tighten convulsively onto the pistoning invader, and was 
dismayed to hear my own moans matching Eric's in the tones of their 
urgency.
	Chuck muttered "ok", which was obviously some signal between 
them, because Eric's steady thrusts reluctantly stopped after a few 
more quicker ones.  Chuck lifted me up enough for Eric's still rock-
hard cock to slip out of me, then replaced it with his own new 
hardness.  Holding me by my hips, he fucked me this way briskly for a 
few minutes as my upper body fell forward onto Eric, my head dropping 
onto his shoulder.  Since my arms were tied behind me I had no way to 
support myself, and was forced to stay in this awkward position while 
Chuck pounded into me.  Eric's hand that had been holding my waist 
earlier was now in my hair, clenching a handful of it while he began 
kissing me, forcing his tongue inside.  
	Meanwhile, Chuck had suddenly withdrew from me and pushed me 
back onto Eric's cock which was harder than ever.  Instead of 
resuming his thrusts, Eric's grip on my hair tightened as he held my 
head against him harder, almost bruising my lips, which were still 
being smashed against his in a rough kiss.  I soon learned the 
purpose of that when I felt Chuck's hands spreading my asscheeks and 
his cock pushing at my already-abused hole, demanding entrance.  My 
panicked cry of protest was smothered effectively by Eric's mouth on 
mine, his tongue further blocking my rising hysteria from voicing 
itself too loudly.
	As Chuck steadily forced himself into my ass, both men's 
grips tightened on me considerably, both correctly anticipating my 
violent jerks and thrashes as my body instinctively tried to escape 
the mounting pain and unreal panic of both holes being filled at the 
same time. Chuck gripped my hips painfully while Eric held my lips so 
hard against his that I was sure they would bleed.  When my cries 
became too loud for Eric's mouth to keep them in effectively, his 
hand released the grip on my hair and snaked around my face where his 
palm soon found and covered my mouth tightly.  When Chuck's cock was 
far enough inside me where any further struggling would only increase 
the pain, their grips relaxed a little, and my screams dwindled to 
pained mewlings and more sobs.  
	When both cocks were buried inside me at both ends, they held 
still for awhile, then Chuck began to move...slowly but with rising 
intensity he reamed my impaled ass while Eric's hand held in my cries 
of pain.  After a few moments, Eric began his upward thrusts again, 
Chuck's strokes pushing me against him, his cock going even deeper in 
my pussy than before.  
	After an initial awkwardness they soon had a steady rhythm 
going...one would shove into me as the other was pulling back, then 
the one pulling back would shove forward as the other pulled back.  
Back and forth, in and out and in and in and in....there wasn't one 
second where one of my holes wasn't filled....and reamed ....and 
fucked... harder and harder....
	"Stop....ohhh ohplease ohgod stop STOP STOP!!", I begged and 
pleaded in a voice steadily rising with panic.  It wasn't the pain so 
much that I was begging them to end, although there was plenty, as it 
was the ever-mounting sensations arising from this double assault on 
the most secret, sensitive places inside of me.  I felt 
too ...full....too...unnatural...over-stimulated.  I feared the 
steadily building pressure of both sensations, seperate yet melding 
together.  
	Their fiendish rhythm inside me was conjuring a force from 
the deepest pit of untapped sexual energy in my very core, and I felt 
that force rising within me like an angry beast that had been caged 
and starved too long.  It was rising rapidly to the surface of all 
those mysterious internal sparks within the body that control orgasms 
and battering them....tearing thru them....It was too big...too big 
for my body to hold and I was sure that the sheer untamed intensity 
of it would tear me apart.   
	So on and on I begged even as I gasped and moaned, and my 
pleading only served to make the demons conjuring this beast to 
increase their pace....speeding the beast's escape and my own doom.  
Their increasingly brutal pounding into my double-impaled body just 
wouldn't let up. 
	Finally my useless pleas were replaced with a high keening 
wail that I was only half-aware of amid the steady slapping and 
scuffling noises of all this flesh pounding together at once, my 
helpless body buffeted between the two madly fucking demons like a 
rag doll.  The noises we all made sped us closer to the conclusion of 
this finale' ....the harsh brutish panting, groans, grunts and curses 
of my tormentors....my own  wail that rose higher and higher as the 
beast demanded release.  In a blinding bolt of insane intensity, the 
beast finally tore thru my overloaded senses, stiffening every limb 
as the explosions began, stealing my breath completely as the last 
scream ripped through my throat and the world turned first a 
flashbulb-bright white....then black.   The last sound I remember 
hearing before waking up here alone was the combined triumphant 
shouts and roars of the two demons as my body thrashed and 
contorted....and as they rode the waves of their own explosions.....

***************

	So here I lay....untied.....mercifully alone...in the middle 
of this damp and hopelessly messed up bed.  Indeed it does look as if 
an explosion occured here.  
	I need to get up.....I need to go home....try to fix all this 
somehow, like last time. I feel a derisive laugh bubbling up and 
escaping from me.  The sound of it frightens me....it's too loud and 
too harsh and there's neither humor nor sanity in it. The godawful 
shrieking laughter soon dissolves into sobs....more tears are 
falling, just when I thought I'd surely spent them all.  My body is 
racked with them, and I can't stop.....can't get up....won't get up.  
	I know suddenly where my new home is going to be....well 
maybe not the exact location, but I'm sure of what the interiors will 
be like.. A room with lots of beds, another room with lots of 
people...most with haunted eyes that see beyond the walls.  Lots of 
people wearing white maybe.  I'll probably spend most of my time in 
one single white room with soft cushy walls.....where my screams 
won't upset the others so badly....
	Something has broken inside me. I can feel it, and I almost 
welcome the sensation.    	I start singing some Marilyn Manson 
song in a dull shaky monotone....Disposable Teens maybe...I dunno.  
Yeah, something definitely broke in my attic....but fuck it, they're 
going to have to come get me.  I WON'T MOVE!!  I can almost feel the 
comfort of the drugs, and when the drugs won't work the soft walls 
will prevent me from beating my own brains out...
	It feels so real....the ache...ohGOD the ache in my shoulders 
driving me mad....well, madder.  I can almost feel a scratchy canvas 
material I can't escape from as I shriek out my rage and protest of 
being helpless again...my arms crossed in front of me and pulled 
around me as they're tied yet again, only this time.......

*****

....... with this fucking straitjacket instead of rope.   I can 
almost....Oh wait.....OH SHIT!! OH JESUS!!!!  Have I gotten confused 
again?  I must have because I'm in this lousy room again, in this 
lousy coat again....Goddammit, my FUCKING SHOULDERS HURRRT!!!  Won't 
anybody GET ME OUT OF HERE???
	My throat feels really raw this time.  How long have I been 
screaming?  It doesn't matter really, because I can't stop.  I must 
have been thinking of that night again.  The night that just goes on 
forever....
	I'm not always like this.  I'm NOT!!  
	Most times I'm just quiet.  I don't like to talk to anyone 
and I don't want them talking to me.  I'm trying to figure out how to 
make them or myself invisible at will.  Sometimes I think I've almost 
got it.
	Sometimes I'm just sad and cry a lot--for my lost and wasted 
life...for the family and friends that I miss...for a time that I 
didn't always feel this pain.
	Then sometimes....well, sometimes I get....confused.  For 
instance, I think somebody told me that the men who hurt me are 
locked up now....that they can't hurt me anymore...I'm pretty sure 
somebody told me these things....but who?   I dunno, maybe I dreamed 
it.  Sometimes I have trouble telling the difference.  If it's true I 
hope they're both getting a nice ass fuck every night....and I hope 
they're thinking of me while it happens.  
	Sometimes my confusion just dissolves into terror.  Then I'm 
sure they were not caught!  I'm sure they're both waiting for me...or 
even worse, on their way to see me here.  Sometimes I really do see 
them in here with me....but nobody believes me.  I never seem to 
remember much after one of my....anxiety attacks....but I know I've 
screamed some crazy shit.  I scream about the Vile Gamer...about 
Officer Friendly... and sometimes I get really confused and scream 
about Patrick Bateman.  
	SHUT UP!!!  IT'S NOT FUNNY!!!
	I get so scared....then I get FUCKING PISSED OFF and try to 
destroy anybody who comes near me....especially the fuckers in the 
white coats and the asshole orderlies who rush to restrain me when I 
can't stop screaming.  They don't understand that I CAN'T be 
restrained!!!  I can't stand that!!!  It always makes me worse!  Like 
now....DAMMIT LET ME OUT OF HERE!!!
	I'm startled from my screams and useless kamikazee attacks on 
the walls when the door opens...one of the asshole orderlies I 
mentioned comes in and I'm wondering why he's alone as I pant from my 
exertions and try to catch my breath.  I'm almost proud to remember 
that there's times when four or five were needed to bring me down, 
many of them walking away with scratches, bruises or wiping spit from 
their eyes for their trouble.  I don't think I've ever been tended to 
by just one before....not while I was in this room anyway.  
	I recognize this one...and I hate him the most.  He's a fat 
slob with a perpetual leer on his ugly face who always manages to get 
a quick squeeze of my ass or one of my breasts while he helps 
restrain me.
	"GET OUT OF HERE!!!", I scream as he locks the door he just 
came thru.
	He grins at me and says, "So little Heather is having the 
screaming mimis again I see."
	"FUCK YOU ASSHOLE!!"  I fling the curse without really 
wondering why he called me Heather.  Like I say, I get confused a lot 
and sometimes believe that's my real name after all.
	He's walking toward me with a wide grin to match the leer on 
his face.
	"I knew I recognized you....I remember your pictures from the 
web.  You're DedHeather!  DedHeather94, wasn't it?  Damn I loved your 
stories!  I have every one of them.  I still read 'em too."
	His leer deepens as he shortens the distance between us..I 
feel frozen....I've backed as far into this corner as I can, and 
still he gets closer...
	"GO AWAY!!!"
	"You're making way too much noise in here....gotta quiet you 
down, girl"
	With absolute horror I see him unzip his pants and pull out a 
dick as ugly as he is.  I'm squatting on the floor in this 
corner...unable to move my fucking arms...unable to scramble away 
from him because he's only inches away now...what the hell is going 
ON???
	"I got something to keep you quiet for a while Bitch..."
	In one swift move, this disgusting pig snatches a handful of 
my hair, yanking me from my crouching position to my knees.  
	
	When I begin screaming again, nobody comes to my rescue or 
even pays attention.....

- The End - 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Heather


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





