BDSM Library - The Taking of Heather




The Taking of Heather
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman home alone is terrorized then attacked by an intruder.
Story: The Taking of "Heather" 
Date: 02/24/2000
DEDHeather94

I was alone that night....a rare occasion. My husband and 
daughter had left earlier that day...they were going out of town for 
an in-law get-together that I got out of by pleading my job. Well, I 
DID have to work a few hours that morning, but the rest of my weekend 
would be FREE!! I was going to have the house all to myself!! I 
couldn't believe my incredible luck. After taking a long hot shower 
and smoking a fine phat one, I'd settled in to watch one of my 
favorite movies....The Blair Witch Project. Just to add to the 
effect and creep myself out a little further, I turned off all the 
lights (except my red lava lamp) and lit a few candles
I was really into it....that's a helluva creepy kewl movie to 
watch while high...all that raw fear...it always gave me a thrill I 
could never pinpoint or understand. That night, however, it seemed to 
be causing a paranoia it never caused before....I seemed to hear 
things outside the window, and even from the kitchen, but when I'd 
get up to look I would see nothing. I decided that it was totally 
normal for me to feel a little paranoid. It was the first night I'd 
spent totally alone in 6 years at least! Add to that the fact that I 
was high...and watching a movie in which paranoia very nearly had a 
starring role! Eventually I ignored the noises. 
I'd just gotten to the part where Heather decides to open 
the "package" containing poor Josh's remains, when the phone 
rang....damn near causing me to jump off the couch! RRRIIINNNNGGG
I stared at it for a second...suddenly annoyed. Wouldn't you 
know it? Oh well, I WAS getting creeped out...talking to somebody 
may help. With my eyes still on the screen, I reach over to 
answer it. While Heather's trembling fingers begin to untie the 
grisly package, I hear a rasping male voice 
say..."Heeeeaaaaaatttthhhhherrrr...." after a beat of utter 
confusion on my part...watching Heather on the screen and all, the 
voice deepens....turns ugly....scary... 
"How ya doin Heather?....you BITCH!!" 
A shock ran thru me....making me unable to say anything for a 
few moments. The first shock was that I just got called a bitch on 
the phone...that was kind of unexpected. Second shock....and the 
most disturbing, was that my caller had used my online 
name...HeatherBWP to be exact..based on the Heather from the movie I 
was watching...too weird said the stoned part of my brain. 
Before I could find my voice, he says, "Did you have a nice 
shower?"
"...who..???" I tried to say, but it only came out in a 
squeak. 
Onscreen, Heather was screaming and hyperventillating after 
making her horrible discovery. Unnerved I grab the remote to pause 
it. I noticed my hands were shaking uncontrollably. 
"Who is this??"....I manage to say. This time it comes out 
quite loud. 
I hear him laughing softly.."Aw Heather....have you forgotten 
me already? Guess I'll just have to make sure you never forget me 
again.....right Bitch?" 
Only one online "friend" I could think of called me Bitch 
with any regularity...and then only while "playing", but he'd 
disappeared online a few weeks ago. I really missed him, but that's 
how online friendships often go. They can disappear with a few 
keystrokes. 
"Dark One?...", I asked--only knowing his online name "is 
that you??" --almost relieved. Despite some rough (but VERY hot) 
online roleplays between us, he seemed like a basically nice guy. I 
was always teasing and tormenting him into a frenzy...till he 
would "rape" me--sometimes quite brutally--online. But it was all in 
fun. I was quite sure. I mean he was actually nice! But how in the 
world had he gotten my number? And why was he messing with me? 
"Guess where I'm at slut?", he says next, not bothering to 
acknowledge whether or not I'd correctly guessed his identity. 
Before I had a chance to respond, his voice dropped to another raspy 
whisper, but I heard what he said....and terror gripped me hard......

"I'm gonna fuck you reeeal gooood....in every damn hole I can 
find....I'm soooo close to you Bitch...By the way...you shouldn't 
smoke that shit..." 
Shocked, not only by the threats, but also by how he'd 
described my evening so far, I slammed the phone down as a small cry 
escaped me. I jumped up and began pacing around frantically. He 
was right...I shouldn't have smoked that shit...I was like a deer in 
the headlights, looking all around me at once. I jumped as the VCR 
automatically stopped the movie and the channel the TV was on blared 
into life. An audience was laughing uproariously at my situation it 
seemed. I turned it down.....
FUCK!!! I heard something again!! Suddenly I wondered if 
I'd remembered to lock the back door. I don't always think to. 
OMIGOD.... I realized with a dull shock that I probably didn't.... I 
remembered putting the wet mop outside earlier...but I just knew I 
didn't lock it! You know how you just KNOW you forgot 
something?...something important? The slow dawning horror?....well 
multiply that by a LOT....that's how scared I was becoming. 
I heard my breath tearing itself in and out frantically thru 
a throat closed with absolute fear as I ran down the hall and to the 
kitchen...RRRRIIIIINNNNGGGG ...My heart nearly stopped! I screamed 
when the phone in the kitchen rang just as I got in there....as 
though it were waiting for me. Fearfully, I picked it up, held it 
to my ear, but didn't say anything. 
"Damn BITCH!!! You'll be sorry for hanging up on 
me...".....as he speaks I'm frozen to the spot...my eyes never 
leaving the back door...which was not only unlocked but standing open 
at least 6 inches. 
"Nooo....ohhh no! Oh please god no...." I heard myself 
faintly moan....the fear had turned my blood cold by now. Because 
even though I was fairly sure I'd forgotten to lock the door, I was 
very sure I'd at least closed it all the way....I knew it because the 
door sticks sometimes and I remembered having to slam it a few times 
to get it to close good. But here it was....standing open....as 
though someone had just come thru it. 
"Where are you?", I whimpered into the phone...slowly 
advancing toward the open door. Thinking maybe I should run right 
thru it as hard and fast as I can....but maybe he's out 
there....waiting for me to do just that? 
"Hey...good question", he chuckled approvingly..."You must 
want me to come in huh?....ooohhh I'm gonna have so much fun with 
you..." 
With a panicked shriek I just dropped the phone and ran to 
the door....deciding he must be out there and I would slam it and 
lock it in a hurry....when before I could reach the door, or even 
turn around, I heard running footsteps behind me--he must have been 
hiding in the bedroom--and a body slamming itself into me...driving 
me against the door......which slammed. 
Before I could even scream I felt something being shoved 
roughly into my mouth...it felt like one of my socks. His other arm 
was holding me tightly around the waist. When he'd stuffed as much 
of the sock into my mouth as he could, I saw his hand reach down and 
lock the door....I kicked and struggled and made as much noise as 
would escape my sudden crude gag....and all the while he was 
laughing...pressed against me, pinning me to the door...tying a scarf 
or something over my eyes. Then one hand was holding my face while 
the other moved down to grab me between the legs....fingers squeezing 
and rubbing,...then he began to grind against me...obscenely shoving 
his hardness insistently against my ass...and I was only wearing a t-
shirt and panties! 
"Mmmmmmmmm....", The voice from the phone was suddenly in my 
ear....."I've been watching you for days now...just waiting for this 
chance. And I'm gonna be hard for some time babe....I already 
dropped a load while watching you tonight...couldn't help it...ohhh 
yeah,.. I got off sooo hard just thinking about what all I was gonna 
do to you.. "
When he said that I totally panicked and summoned all the 
strength I could get in a last ditch effort to get away....but my 
strength was, of course, no match for his. When he got tired of my 
struggles he suddenly spun me around and slapped me....hard enough 
that I fell down. He swooped down on me then and seemed suddenly 
tender....with my blindfold on he was as faceless as he ever was 
online..., but I didn't need to see him to know he was 
big...strong!! 
I felt his lips gently kiss the part of my face he'd just 
slapped, as gently as a lover almost, and while carressing my hair 
he asked sweetly.. 
"Did that hurt baby? If you're a good girl, maybe I won't 
have to do that again ok? Can you be a good girl for me?"
Sobbing in terror, I nodded my head... 
"That's good"....suddenly the hand carressing my hair roughly 
grabbed a handful of it and I was yanked to my feet quickly.., 
"Then come on Bitch!", he says jovially as he pulled me 
across the kitchen..."Let's get this party going!" 

As I was being pulled by my hair into my bedroom, my face 
still stinging, my heart pounding so hard I felt it would burst thru 
my chest in terror, I wondered how I'd gotten into this 
situation...besides forgetting to lock the back door! But even if I 
had've locked it....would that have really stopped him? To have 
planned this so carefully, a locked door probably wouldn't have given 
him much pause at all. I knew this had all started because 
of my online audacity. I had teased this man to death and responded 
to his roleplaying with descriptive enthusiasm....my face burned when 
I remembered all the things I'd written, and how hot it had made 
me. ....but I'd been safe!! Or so I thought. How naive could I 
have been?? After all what did I really know about this guy? About 
anyone I talked to for that matter? He could be a serial killer for 
all I knew. And here he was.....taking total control in my own 
home...laughing at my terror, planning God only knew what. 
I was flung onto my bed. Before I could try to jump off or 
even get my bearings he was on me....holding me down....pulling a 
length of rope from somewhere and tying my wrists together in front 
of me tightly, then tying the end of the rope to a post on the 
headboard. 
Grabbing more rope he tied each of my ankles to each post at 
the foot of the bed. He worked very quickly. Soon I was 
helpless....more helpless than I'd ever been in my life.....on my 
back with my legs spread out and my wrists together and over my 
head......still blindfolded and still gagged. Not being able to 
see anything was making me even more scared. He had gotten quiet and 
I had no idea where he was, what he was doing, or what he was going 
to do next.
I felt my body jerk and drew in a startled gasp as the edge 
of what must have been a large and very sharp blade touched the side 
of my face. 
"Eeeaasy now Bitch...." I heard him croon, "You don't want 
to make any sudden moves now do you?", he asked me in a 
conversational tone. I carefully shook my head no. Omigod....I 
thought....I got a horrifying vision of my family coming home to find 
my bound and butchered body. I had to live thru this somehow.
"Gooood girl", he said as he continued to lightly run the 
blade down my face, across my throat...then down to the neck of my t-
shirt. I felt the shirt being pulled away from my body, and a slight 
pressure as he cut thru it....then pulled the blade down till it was 
cut open. My breasts and stomach were now exposed.....I nearly 
fainted with fear when I felt the blade lightly flick at first one 
nipple, then the other. I dared not move a muscle as I felt the 
blade continue its bizarre caress all around both breasts, then down 
my stomach. The blade went under the waistband of my panties and 
they were quickly cut away as well. 
Now I was totally exposed.....every private part of me laid 
bare to this man who knew me as Heather.....hot little Heather.....Oh 
God, what had I done???
I could barely hear the running commentary he made about my 
body as he stripped each barrier to him from it over the sound of my 
own heart hammering in my ears....but I could hear things 
like...."oh yeah....nice tits..." and "let's see what we have under 
here". All the while sounding like he was having a wonderful time. 
"mmmm....what a beautiful p...HEYYYY what have we HERE?", he 
exclaimed, sounding surprised and delighted. "You're already wet!! 
I knew you'd love this you whore!!" 
I'd been so scared I hadn't noticed, but with horror I 
realized it was true.....a steady wetness had begun inside me and was 
beginning to seep out. How could this BE??? I DIDN'T want this!!! 
But why was I so wet? And why was I tingling so down there? Was it 
a fear reaction? A self-defense mechanism of a body that knew it 
was about to be invaded? .....or was he right? Was some deep 
strange part of me turned on by this danger? It always turned me on 
while spinning our roleplays online, but this was REAL!! I wasn't 
safely sitting at my computer, typing and reading dirty words and 
seeing how much I could turn someone on miles and miles away from 
me.....I was captured....bound and helpless while my captor was 
amusing himself running a blade over my exposed flesh. I shuddered 
and cursed my slut body for responding to this danger in such a way.
I heard the distinct sound of a zipper and of clothes being 
removed, and felt myself panic again... I heard muffled whimpers and 
mewling sounds seeming to come from far away. In my extreme terror I 
was barely aware that they were coming from me. One thought kept 
reverberating in my head.... there would be no rescue and no escape. 
This man was going to do whatever he wanted to me and there was 
nothing I could do to stop him.
The bed creaked as he crawled over me and straddled my 
chest. I felt his incredibly hard and large cock between my heaving 
breasts . Then he roughly grabbed both breasts and squeezed them 
together around it and began to move back and forth. I could feel 
his pre-cum between my tits and on my chin as he drove hard between 
them. When he tired of that, I once again felt the blade against 
my throat...with more pressure than before.
"Ok doll", he said. "I'm gonna have to pull out your 
gag.....I need that pretty mouth of yours. And you're not going to 
make a sound are you?"
Knowing what was next, I could feel the tears starting 
again,....but I shook my head no. 
I felt the gag being pulled from my mouth....then I felt the 
head of his cock at my lips. I knew what he wanted, but couldn't 
quite bring myself to open my mouth for him. I then gasped as I felt 
it slapping at my face....
"Come on Bitch!!"...I heard him growl..."open up...you're 
gonna suck this dick!!". When I felt the blade again my paralysis 
was broken and I opened up for him.
"Ohhh yeah...." he chuckled, as he slid it between my lips 
and over my tongue, "suck it slut.....mmmm....gonna fuck that pretty 
face"
Desperately I tried to please him....wanting this to be 
over. As his hardness filled my mouth I began to suck....and run my 
tongue over, around and under it.
"Ooohhhh hell yeah...."....he began stroking in and out of my 
mouth. As his excitement grew he pushed it in faster....harder and 
deeper. I felt panic nipping at me again as I felt it pushing 
against my throat.....then to my horror he began pushing even harder 
till I was quite literally swallowing his throbbing cock! I could 
feel my throat muscles helplessly convulse around this 
invasion....gagging as they tried to either pull it down all the way 
or expel it. This was driving him into a frenzy....he shoved into my 
throat till my nose was in his pubic hair and his balls were resting 
against my chin. He stayed this way for what seemed an eternity....I 
nearly blacked out because I couldn't breathe.....then he began 
fucking my throat in earnest.....in and out....on and on it 
went.....he was fucking my mouth hard and fast.....groaning and 
obviously not caring if I suffocated. Suddenly I felt his prick 
begin to jerk and with a roar and a mighty thrust he began 
cumming....I felt his huge load shooting down my throat as he 
continued pumping. I choked and sputtered as he finally pulled out 
and I felt the remaining drops dotting my face and neck. I coughed 
and took in huge gulps of air.....hoping against hope that maybe he 
would leave now. But of course that wasn't to be.
"AAAwwwww ....SHIT!!!", I heard him exclaim. "what a hot 
mouth you got...."...then he laughed again..."Oh wow...I'm still 
hard!" I groaned then...knowing he was far from finished with me, 
but I could never have predicted what he did next.
He then moved down my body till his face was next to my 
spread open legs. "yeah, just like I thought....wetter than ever!". 
Suddenly both his hands were on my breasts, twisting my nipples 
painfully. I drew in my breath sharply at the sudden pain....then 
moaned as the pain seemed to turn into an electric jolt of 
pleasure...starting at my clit and shooting thru my legs. I then 
gasped and began to thrash as I felt his tongue flicking my clit,, 
then licking my opening....and finally his tongue was thrusting 
inside me. Unexpected waves of pleasure coursed all thru me. There 
was no denying that what he was doing felt good.....I flinched when I 
felt one of his fingers shove itself into my ass....he moved it 
around and around, then in and out while he kept licking and tongue 
fucking me. 
What pain there was was lost in the incredible pleasure. I 
felt my hips moving on their own...moving in time to his tongue and 
finger thrusts. Even when he added a second finger to stretch my 
anus even more I moaned louder, but continued to writhe under this 
added sensation. I still knew I was in danger, but this diabolical 
dude with the talented tongue was making my whole body feel as if it 
were on fire with raw lust.
Withdrawing from me, he rose and I could feel my ankles being 
untied. Placing them firmly on his shoulders I felt his prick at the 
entrance to my very hot, nearly aching pussy....with shame I knew I 
wanted it in there....as deep as it could go. He didn't disappoint. 
With a grunt he thrust up into me hard and fast...till I could feel 
the entire length. 
Our moans mingled as he began fucking me....steadily pounding 
me harder with each stroke. My wrists were being pulled painfully 
against the rope as his thrusts became more and more frenzied. 
Somehow this made me even more excited.....my hips meeting his 
pounding thrusts.....the whimpers turning to cries of passion.
Without warning the waves of pleasure became so intense I 
felt as if every nerve in my body were exploding.....With a throaty 
growl, I stiffened and thrust my body up further while I spasmed in 
the throes of a powerful orgasm.
"OOhhhhh yeaaahhh baby.....cum all over my cock....that's 
it....awww ....DAMN!!"
I knew he hadn't cum again yet, and while I was panting for 
breath I heard him say with devilish glee, 
"You slut....you loved it didn't you? ....Well let's see how 
you love THIS!!"
With that he withdrew from me, grabbed my legs and suddenly 
flipped me over. The way my hands were tied made this easy. I was 
suddenly on my stomach and the head of his cock was pushing against 
my quivering anus!
In a panic I remembered how he described doing this to me 
online....and forgetting the threat of his nearby knife, I began to 
shriek and plead with him....
"NO OH PLEASE NO!!! NOT THERE!!! OH PLLLEEEEAASE DON'T DO 
THAT TO ME!!! I CAN'T TAKE IT THERE!!!....." on and on I pleaded 
uselessly. 
This seemed to amuse him greatly.
"Yeah, it might hurt you some alright", I heard him sigh 
with mock regret, "but.....oh MAN is it gonna feel good to ME!!"
All hope was lost when I felt the gag being pushed into my 
mouth again...even further than before....this time he added 
something that felt like my cut-up t-shirt ...it was being pulled 
tightly over my mouth and tied behind my head to keep the gag in 
place.
"I guess I can't expect you to be quiet while I'm fucking 
that tight little ass....so make all the noise you want bitch", he 
said generously as he finished tying the gag in place painfully tight.
I was thrashing and whimpering in complete terror as I felt 
his cock pushing relentlessly between my ass cheeks.....spreading and 
stretching the tiny hole painfully. I knew my panic was making it 
worse....making my ass tighter than normal. I had the dim hope that 
he wouldn't be able to get in if I was tensed enough....he was 
definitely having trouble....jabbing at and sliding past his 
target.....pushing harder with each attempt. Then with a determined 
shove, he broke thru the tight resistance of my sphincter muscles and 
with a long loud groan slowly but steadily sank the rest of the way 
into me.
Scream after agonized scream erupted from my straining 
throat....but I was gagged so completely nobody but him could hear 
me. My whole body was convulsing and writhing in such pain as I 
never thought possible. I was yanking at the rope that held my bound 
wrists to the bed with all my strength in an insane and desperate 
impulse to escape the intense pain.
Meanwhile my attacker had lowered his body onto 
mine....laying still inside my impaled ass until my useless struggles 
slowed down. The pain was still horrible....but when I finally 
surrendered to my total helplessness, my impossibly stretched muscles 
began to relax some as they became used to this monstrous invasion. 
It still hurt but if he would just stay still, maybe I could bear 
it. Of course that wasn't to be either. 
"God....DAMN!!!" I heard him say in awe as he began to move 
inside me...."you're even tighter than I imagined you'd 
be!!.....OOohhhh ...ohhh fuckk yeeeaahh"
As he pushed and pulled in and out of my ass, I began to 
scream again....it hurrrt so bad!! My seemingly inaccessable hole 
was completely stretched and filled with this insatiable cock....I 
doubt a hot poker in there could have hurt any worse. I felt as if 
I were being torn apart.
My muffled (but still loud) screams seemed to delight him.
"Aw yeah Bitch.....scream for me baby!!! I love it!!"...as 
if to prove this he began to pump into me harder....as hard as he 
could push into my small and tortured anus....causing me to scream 
even harder. 
The torture went on and on....was he never going to cum?? 
His hand reached under me at one point and began to stroke and tickle 
my clit....causing unexpected waves of pleasure to mix with the 
pain. Without quite realizing it, I'd begun to move with him....my 
screams of agony turning to moans of pleasure/pain. This spurred him 
to fuck me even harder and faster till the headboard was whacking the 
wall....
Suddenly it became too much....his groans...his frenzied 
pace....the noise of the headboard.....his fingers teasing my 
clit...the complete dirtiness of the act...maybe even the utter 
helplessness, I don't know....but suddenly the pain seemed to 
disappear altogether as I felt myself overcome with the hardest 
orgasm yet! I mindlessly pushed my ass back to meet each hard 
thrust....noises I'd never heard nor made before were escaping from 
the gag...screaming once again as my body bore down and stiffened as 
if a thousand volts of electricity were running thru me. With some 
degree of satisfaction I could hear him gasp then roar as my tight 
hole suddenly clamped down on his still rampaging cock....forcing his 
punishing thrusts to stop for a moment as it became painfully tight 
on him. Once again he stopped and laid still till my thrashing 
passed and I slumped helplessly flat on my stomach again....panting 
for breath. 
Pulling his knees under him without removing his cock from my 
still-throbbing ass, he rose up and gripped my hips 
tightly....pulling me against him roughly, he picked up his frantic 
pace again....hurting me again....I could hear him mutter and 
curse....and incredibly this was causing yet another orgasm to build 
within me despite the pain...
"OOhhhhhhhhhh yyeeeaahhhh"....he was getting louder as he 
drove into me with everything he had...."gonna cum in that tight 
fucking ass! oooooOOOHHHHHH...FUUUUUCCCKK"
In and out.....harder....faster....deeper. His hands were 
now on the back of my head.....holding my face firmly against the 
mattress as he pumped out what had to be his final thrusts....His 
cock was swelling and jerking. "AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" he 
shouted as I felt hot spurts of his cum shooting inside me with 
surprising force. This drove me over the edge once again .....but 
this time my muffled cries were drowned out by his triumphant howls. 
He collapsed on top of me as my body continued to spasm and 
my asshole clutched and milked his cock which was finally beginning 
to go down some. He withdrew from me and laid there for what seemed 
like a very long time....I'm sure he was exhausted. 
Later he stumbled to the bathroom. I could hear water 
running and he came back with a wet warm rag and began to clean me. 
Removing my gag he held a glass of water to my parched lips. I drank 
greedily then whispered, 
"thank you...". 
Sounding stunned and dazed from what happened, he mumbled, 
"yeah......ok.....sure...".
He fell on the bed beside me and pulled me to him....kissing 
me long and tenderly.....his hands roaming absently over my entire 
body....eventually, we both slept....for a while.
I woke up several times that long long night with his hands 
urgently parting my legs.....I would moan as he entered me and cry 
out as he rode me to ecstacy. I lost count how many more times he 
took me that night. He couldn't seem to get enough.....and neither 
could I. 
Although when this began it was a total nightmare, at that 
point it would be hard to call what was happening a rape....although 
he never removed the blindfold and would only untie me for short 
periods of time. We were both in the grip of an erotic mania that 
wouldn't sate itself no matter how many times or how hard we fucked. 
On and on we fucked each other....in every way imaginable...once I 
even rode him, hard and fast till we both exploded in delirium 
again....we only stopped when exhaustion overcame us....very little 
was said....words became unnecessary. 
The final time I opened my eyes I could see daylight 
breaking.....I could SEE because he'd removed my blindfold while I 
slept and also untied me. I knew he was gone. Made his escape 
before I awoke. The whole thing felt so unreal. The terror, giving 
way to the most incredible passion I'd ever experienced....only my 
sore body letting me know it hadn't been a crazy dream......until I 
went into the kitchen.
Trying to feel normal, I started the coffee and sat in front 
of my computer as it was my normal, daily morning routine to check my 
mail. I went in under HeatherBWP....the damn minx that started this 
all, and incredibly I saw mail from HIM....DarkOne666...at least I 
think it was him...he never did admit who he was. But this was the 
first piece of mail I'd gotten from Dark One in weeks. With an 
unsteady finger, I clicked Read and this message appeared:

You were incredible!! I don't know what else to say...

That makes 2 of us I thought.....then I saw there was more 
and scrolled down....

One day soon...I'll be back for you...again...

The End....




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Heather


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





