BDSM Library - Behind The Barn




Behind The Barn
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This couple moved from big city to a small farmland. The change of life made them go to find their own sexual pleasure. But finally, they may just have the same fantasies in their minds.
                         (MF, mc, nc, anal, canine, FF)

                                Behind the Barn
                                   Chapter 1

      "Just what did you mean by that?" Mike Peters turned slowly around and
faced his wife. He had already opened the door, intending to stalk out, but now
he slammed it shut again, and Sandra recoiled from the look of cold anger he
was leveling at her. But she continued to stare back at him, fury flashing in
her green eyes. Tossing her sleek, raven-crowned head, she fought the
beginnings of fear which were trying to root deep inside her.

      "Just what I said!" she retorted bitterly. "You've got some plan in mind
for that little vixen... I saw the way you were looking at her!"

      "For Christ's sake, Sandy, try and be reasonable!" Mike snapped,
resisting the temptation to go over and shake his wife until her teeth
chattered. He felt extremely uncomfortable and just a little bit guilty. A guy
can't help looking, he told himself, when a broad as well-built as Eve Slater
comes into view, and as the girl was going to be working for him, he had to be
friendly to her, hadn't he?

      "Are you sure she's from the Agricultural College, and not just some
little number you've..."

      "I'm sick and tired of listening to your accusations," Mike interrupted,
"and I haven't got all day to stand here and argue with you. Miss Slater," he
went on quietly, "is a student from the college, and perfectly qualified for
the project. She is majoring in Dairying, and will be with us for three months.
Anything else?"

      "You can't tell me she knows anything about farming," Sandra persisted,
feeling her anger and jealousy combine and stick in her craw, choking the hot
bitter words out of her. As she continued to rail at her husband, a suffocating
feeling of futility and frustration swept over her. I didn't mean to nag him
like this, she told herself hopelessly. I can't help it... but she's so young
and attractive, and the way he was looking at her...

      "I have to go now," Mike said tonelessly, "it's almost milking time."

      "That's right," Sandra hurled, "go back to your damn cows... and your
girlfriend!" Great gulping sobs convulsed her, and tears ran down her face as
she stared at the departing figure of her husband. God, why does she have to
cry like that? Mike shrugged as he slammed the door behind him. As always, he
was moved by the sight and sound of her tears, and felt the guilt inside him
strengthening with insidious speed. He would have liked to take her in his
arms, caress and soothe her, stroke away her fears, in spite of her nagging and
accusations, but somehow, he couldn't. He knew he was afraid that she'd reject
his offering of peace, and felt that he couldn't stand the humiliation. If she
wants to be like that, why should I be the one to give in? he reasoned angrily,
as he hurried over to the barn.

                                 *     *     *

      Sandra crumpled like a rag doll onto the leather couch. Her sobs
resounded in the small room, and the fading daylight cloaked everything in the
office with ominous ambiguity. She felt small and alone and unprotected and
totally incapable of drawing the strings of her life together. The woman who
had screamed at and harangued her husband over a trivial incident was not the
real Sandra Peters. The real Sandra was a loving, warm woman who stood by and
encouraged her husband in all ventures. But who was that whining domineering
shrew? I can't help it! she told herself again, burying her tear-stained face
in her hands.

      The vitriolic, stinging memory of her discovery of her husband's
infidelity of over a year ago came rushing back with painful clarity - the
humiliation, the feeling of complete insecurity, the anguish of it all was as
fresh as if it had just happened. Even though they had made up, and she had
sworn to forgive and forget, and Mike had tried, and was in fact a model
husband since then, she couldn't purge herself of the bitter memory. She knew
that she had taken every opportunity to get back at him, remind him of his
indiscretion, to throw it up in his face on occasions when it was most wounding
to him. She knew that the misery, the unhappiness of their
coexistence-existence, because it couldn't be called a marriage in the usual
sense of the word, was mostly her doing, and yet, nothing would erase the
jarring, searing memory of that dreadful time last year. She hadn't waited to
verify her discovery, find out how long his involvement had been going on, or
how serious it was. She had confronted him immediately, threatened divorce,
court action, instant ignominy, and had relented only after weeks of ceaseless
apologies, declarations of future fidelity and sworn avowals of love by her
distraught husband. In a way, she had to admit to herself, she had enjoyed his
obvious distress at her threat to leave, and had basked in his repeated
statements that "he couldn't live without her." But the satisfaction she gained
from the knowledge that he couldn't do without her was short-lived, and her ego
had suffered too bruising a blow for her to maintain for long her role of
sweet, forgiving but slightly-martyred wife. So her veiled recrimination had
begun, and had gradually become more open and venomous, culminating in her
accusations of today.

      But she couldn't fool herself into thinking which she knew in her heart
were unjustified, that her misery and discontent sprang completely from her
husband's behavior. Even in her present misery, she was forced to admit that
her unhappiness was accentuated by underlying discontent with her whole life.
She had never dreamed when she had got engaged to the up and coming junior
executive in the largest New England textile firm, that they would end up in
the heart of New Hampshire farmland. She and Mike had such a good time in
Boston, their first apartment, actually a tiny terraced house, their fast
little sports car, their young, happy-go-lucky friends. She had enjoyed so much
being a working girl and wife, and her job as assistant buyer of Sportswear for
a large department store was flexible enough so that she could take that bit of
extra effort which made her dinner parties such a success. All her clothes were
of the very latest fashion, and even though she got a discount on them, Mike's
salary and hers combined had been generous enough to allow her to afford the
extras, like that pale pink silk full length dress and matching coat which she
had got for the opening of the Opera season. Everything was going their way,
and Sandra actually enjoyed the weekends they spent in the White Mountains,
away from everybody, in that fishing cabin Mike rented.

      At that time, she thought rural life was romantic - sitting before a
roaring fire in the big stone fireplace, lighting the kerosene lamps at night,
cooking the fish Mike had caught. After their hectic weekday round of
activities, it was great being alone together, and when they got back to
Boston, all their friends used to exclaim enviously over their rustic
experiences.

      It was just after their second wedding anniversary when the blow fell.
Mike's company was moving South, and Mike decided to resign. Sandra was glad
about that, shuddering at the thought of moving to a small town in South
Carolina, and had naturally assumed that Mike would take up another position
with a similar company. But her husband had other ideas. His uncle had willed
his rundown old farm in New Hampshire to Mike, and he had always had a strong
urge to try his hand at farming. He had looked upon his company's removal from
Boston as an act of Fate, and had felt that he had enough saved to enable them
to give farming a try. Dividends would keep them going for a while and the
capital would be sunk into the renovation and working of the farm.

      Even now, six years later, Sandra still shuddered at the memory of that
appalling first year on the farm. The cold drafty house, the constant presence
of the builders, with their clouds of cement dust, ceaseless hammering and
banging, cooking and washing and existing in the most primitive conditions -
Sandra thought that she would never survive. All her clothes got torn and muddy
and she had ceased to care about her appearance that first year. But the
greatest change had been in Mike. He was obsessed with the farm - every spare
minute was spent on it; it occupied his mind completely; nothing seemed to
matter to him but the farm. Sandra had nurtured the secret hope that the whole
project would collapse and they could go back to the relative civilization of
Boston. But nothing seemed to deter Mike - not even the loss of their small
herd at the end of the first year through foot and mouth disease. He had become
strangely stoical, and shrugged off his loss, and grimly went about restocking
his farm with more of the huge, ponderous black and white animals of which
Sandra was deathly afraid. Mike used to tease her at first, saying that the
languid Friesians wouldn't touch a fly, but he had gradually become more and
more impatient with her when she refused to share his enthusiasm over them. As
time went on, she lost her fear of them, and even developed sympathy for them,
and she was unable to bear the mournful lowing that rent the air when the tiny
furry calves were taken from their mothers so soon after birth.

      Resentment had built up in her over the years as Mike became more and
more immersed in farm life, and his often stated feeling that he was glad he
had made the step from the City irked her considerably. Gradually, their
friends from Boston stopped coming to see them, rapidly losing their idealized
notions of rural life when they saw the day to day reality, and now Sandra had
lost touch with them completely. Her life was empty, pointless, she felt, and
her husband's involvement with the agricultural instructor last year was the
last straw for his demoralized wife. Life was no longer worth living, she
thought - nothing would ever change; things would go on just as they were, with
herself and Mike completely estranged.

      She felt like crying again, but no tears would come. In fact, she felt
devoid of all emotion, and the emptiness inside her at least eased the pain.
Her mind was a blank as she got up from the couch, and wearily stretched
herself. She felt old and tired - and beaten. I'm not old - why should I give
up living? she asked herself, catching a glimpse of herself in the full length
mirror that hung behind the door of the office, which was once a small bedroom.
She knew her figure was still good, and she ran her eye critically over her
reflection, noting the firm, braless upsweep of her full breasts through the
raspberry colored angora dress she was wearing, the womanly curve of her
graceful slender hips, the long expanse of her creamy legs. I'm not over the
hill yet, she told herself, running a hand through her silky black hair which
fell to just below her jawline where it swung into a guiche on either side of
her oval face. Luxuriant dark lashes framed her vivid green eyes which even in
her weariness sparkled back at her. What's the use? she mumbled to herself,
turning away from her reflection. Who's going to see me here, vegetating in the
wilderness? She conquered the fresh wave of bitterness rising inside her and
with a sigh, sat down on Mike's swivel chair, in front of his untidy, littered
desk. It was already the first week of the month, and she hadn't done the
accounts for the previous one. Idly, she swept together the crumpled,
disorganized sheaf of papers which was a jumbled mass of invoices, receipts and
canceled checks. Glad of something to take her mind off her troubles, she
plunged into the task of sorting everything out and was soon immersed in her
work. When she had made everything into three separate piles, she pulled open a
drawer in the desk, and began to rummage about, looking for the ledger to make
entries for the month. Why the hell doesn't he keep his desk tidier! she
muttered to herself as she eased a long, hardbound book out of the drawer. As
she removed it, her eye fell on a bulging manila envelope which had been wedged
between another book and the one she had withdrawn.

      "Now what's this doing here?" she muttered to herself, irked at the
disorder in the files she had arranged only recently. Frowning slightly to
herself, she fumbled with the envelope and discovered that it was full of
photographs.

      Puzzled, she eased one out of the envelope.

      "Oh my God!" she gasped aloud, unable to contain herself. The blood
rushed to her face, crimsoning it a deep red. Tumultuous feelings of horror,
disgust, anger manifested themselves in a single sensation of overwhelming
nausea. A numbed haze blinded her for an instant, and then she began to stare
with bulging, disbelieving eyes at the colored print she was holding in her
hand. Every detail was startlingly portrayed and the two figures in the
photograph seemed amazingly alive. For a moment, Sandra couldn't believe that
she was seeing right, but there was no doubt about it - it was actually a
photograph of a nude man and woman, sprawled out together, the woman's blonde
head dipped between the man's widespread thighs, his grossly inflated penis
clamped tightly between her ovaled red lips. The man's head was turned away,
but there was no mistaking the expression on the rapt woman's face. She was
enjoying taking that man's hardness in her mouth - her lustful desire was
etched clearly on her eager face.

      Sandra felt her heart thudding painfully in her ribcage. She had heard,
of course, that people did that sort of thing, but had always somehow felt that
such an act did not belong in a normal marriage. The lascivious scene seemed to
come to pulsating life under her hypnotized stare, and the huge blood-filled
penis seemed to throb with lewd tenseness as it lay cradled between the full,
ripe lips that were clasping it so tenaciously. The woman's half-closed eyes
seemed glazed with passion, and Sandra felt a shudder of unknown sensation
ripple through her. She couldn't seem to draw her eyes away from the obscene
photograph. Her fingers seemed to be soldered to the glossy print, and somehow
she felt that if she looked away from the perverted sight, she would tear
herself away from a tenuous reality which her moribund emotions so badly
needed, and go berserk with disgust and horror. How could he keep such filthy,
lewd pictures? her mind began to question. Does he look at them often? Where
did he get them?

      Her curiosity broke the spell the obscene photograph had on her
conscientiousness, and hurriedly, she drew out another of the colored prints.
Her eyes flew immediately to the scene, and a sudden, strangled moan of horror
broke from her lips.

      "Oh no! It can't be!" she groaned as she stared fixedly at the second
photograph. This time, the shot was taken from a distance, but near enough to
display in detail the pink moist delineations of a widespread vagina, the
glistening lips gently swollen around a dark star-shaped opening. A man's face
was juxtaposed over the splayed mouth, the tip of his long tongue poised at the
entrance to the delicate roseate furrow. And there was no mistaking that face,
so wreathed in anticipatory lust. It was Mike! For a moment, Sandra couldn't
believe that it was actually her husband who was portrayed in that disgusting
snapshot, the wavy fair hair, his deep blue eyes, his fleshy sensuous lips.
Numbed shock rushed in a roaring torrent to her head, threatening to explode,
and she had to hold onto the arm of the swivel chair to steady herself. Mike!
How could he do this to another woman? How could he let himself be photographed
like that? She wanted to scream, to beat her fists against the wall, to turn
back the clock and forget that she had ever seen the lewd pictures. Through the
dim of her hurt and disgust, another thought nagged at her brain. This
lascivious blonde in the photograph, who had splayed her legs so unreservedly
for her husband, was not the same woman that Mike was having an affair with
last year. So there had been others! New thundering anger swelled inside the
distraught wife at the thought that she had been deceived, and furiously, she
snatched the remaining photographs up and scanned them. Each one, seemingly
more lewd than the previous one, leaped up at her horrified eyes as if to taunt
her with the spectacle of her husband engaged in all different positions, with
different women, and sometimes with more than one!

      "That bastard! That dirty bastard!" Sandra gasped, and in a fury of
temper, began to splash out at the contents of the desk, scattering papers,
letter trays, pens; everything went flying in all directions and fell to create
untold chaos on the floor. Her anger unleashed beyond control, she yanked at
the file drawers, pulling them completely away from their moorings, and dumped
the files she had so carefully put in order, in a disheveled heap on the floor.

      As suddenly as it came, her demonic flash of temper deserted her, and she
sank back in hopeless bewilderment on the swivel chair. All around her, the
records of the past eight years lay in disarray on the floor, and a dreadful
sense of futility convulsed her.

      "Oh God," she sobbed, "what did I do to deserve this?" She buried her
face in her hands and her shoulders shook with the racking sobs which enveloped
her. How many more were there? she asked herself piteously, torturing herself
with images of various women that both she and Mike had known. Had he had an
affair with all their friends? she wondered bitterly. In her jealous humiliated
anger, new images began to inject themselves into her consciousness - glimpses
she had caught of various naked bodies with full voluptuous breasts and creamy
sinewy thighs, stretched out in opulent sensuality, seemingly oblivious to the
unknown photographers who were busy snapping away as her husband caressed and
stroked and kissed those velvety bodies. Her mind seemed unable to banish the
lewd images, and fresh ones began to superimpose themselves in her fervid
imagination. Mike kissing and slavering an open, exposed vagina, lewdly
displayed and eagerly offered to him... Mike sinking his wildly excited penis
into a greedy, grasping vaginal orifice, strong supple thighs egging him on...
Mike lying back as luscious red lips encircled his bloated penis... The obscene
snatches from the vile cache of photographs she had unwittingly uncovered
played relentlessly in her mind, mocking her with their leering evidence of her
husband's infidelities.

      She felt broken in mind and spirit. The actuality which those photographs
seemed to point to was too shocking for her to bear. Under the thin veneer of
city sophistication she had acquired, Sandra was still basically a conventional
American wife, strict enough in her own way to the code of morality to which
her family and all before her had subscribed. She had looked upon marriage as
sacred, even in this day and age of quickie divorce and pre-marital and
extra-marital sex, and had automatically assumed that any philandering on the
part of her husband would stop after marriage. And she was sure it had! That
was the hard part. She had been so snug and secure, even in the dark days of
their early times on the farm, feeling cocooned in the sanctity of the wedded
state, and that accounted for the tremendous shock she experienced when she had
discovered her husband's affair last year. And now! She had uncovered
devastating evidence that pointed to a whole series of adulterous infidelities!
Involuntarily, she reached for the pile of photographs which had fallen to the
ground amid the shambles of the office.

      Almost disinterestedly, she scanned them over again. Yes, there was no
doubt about it! There were three or four different girls involved in the
debacle, and the pictures showed Mike involved with each and every one.

      She studied a particularly lurid one, showing him and a tall lithe
brunette stretched out, touching at only two places. His mouth was firmly
planted in the nest of her dark pubic curls, and her mouth was tightly clasped
around the red thick length of his penis. The girl's eyes were half-closed and
her thick luxuriant hair fell in tendrils around her face, giving her an almost
angelic look as she exalted in the feel and taste of Sandra's husband's penis
in her mouth. Sandra continued to stare at the lewd shot. What did it feel
like, having a man's male hardness locked tightly in your mouth? she wondered,
amazed at the look of almost reverent ecstasy on the girl's face. Mike had
tried once or twice, she remembered, pushing her head down under the blanket,
and she had, of course, refused to do anything like that. She had always
thought it perverted, somehow, and yet, this girl seemed to be thoroughly
aroused by it. And that blonde in the first picture, she mused in horrified
fascination, flicking back to it, seems in ecstasy, too. Her attention was
caught by one she hadn't scrutinized before. It showed a well-built redhead,
her breasts full and vibrant, spread-eagled beneath Mike, whose engorged prick
was sunk halfway into the soft, hair-fringed tunnel of her vagina. The girl's
legs were wrapped around her husband's lower back and her spine was arched up
off the bed as she strove to open her depths wider and deeper to him. Sandra
stared in lewd fascination at the minutely detailed photographs of sexual
intercourse. Even her animosity to her husband seemed to retreat as she studied
abstractly the obviously impassioned couple. The redhead's head was thrown
back, and her mouth was open. Her hands were dug into his shoulders, and her
whole body seemed afire. Mike's hands were clutching at her firm, upswept
breasts, and Sandra could see the reddened tips of her fully turgid nipples
slipping out through his fingers. There was a look of pure animal desire on her
husband's face, a look she hadn't seen in a long, long time! Despite herself,
Sandra felt a little tug of jealousy. She remembered how she used to arouse
that complete passionate frenzy in her husband, how he used to be almost aflame
with desire for her, and her alone, she was sure, and now, this redheaded hussy
was the one who was making him act like that...

      Sudden tears surprised her as they swam in her eyes. It isn't fair... she
murmured to herself. It was so long since she had seen Mike crazed with desire,
so long since he had even made love to her... She felt a sudden emptiness
inside her, a feeling which she recognized as vague desire. It began to gnaw at
her, worming its way insidiously into her depths, gaining a foothold in her
numb body. He never tries to kiss me there anymore... the thought leapt into
her head. It was years since he had tried to persuade her to allow him to put
his head down between her thighs and kiss her pussy, but she had so vehemently
and absolutely refused him when he had made the attempt. It can't be so bad,
she muttered to herself, her eyes glued to another shot, this time of Mike with
his face buried in the copper fleece of the redhead's openly throbbing cunt.
Sandra could see the moist flanges of the girl's vagina rimming Mike's wetly
glistening nose and mouth, and her thighs were clamped and straining eagerly
around his steaming face. The girl's eyes were closed and it was obvious that
she was in the throes of complete abandon. Then, in spite of the shock and
revulsion of seeing her husband locked in lewd, naked embrace with another
woman, Sandra felt a tingle beginning between her own legs, a ripple that
seemed to grow as her eyes continued to focus on the spectacle of her husband's
groveling between another woman's widespread thighs. How did it feel, to have a
man's tongue licking and sucking and blowing his hot, passionate breath into
that secret place, have his mouth warm and caressing around your clitoris, feel
his kiss on your nakedly exposed pubic mound?

      Her feverish mind threw the questions at herself, and suddenly, she felt
hot all over, covered with a cloying clamminess that made her feel like tearing
her dress from her body. She was dimly aware that she was unconsciously
clenching her heated thighs together and imperceptibly grinding her buttocks
into the leather of the swivel chair. The tingling in her loins grew and the
gnawing inside her burst into a devouring flame and she wondered vaguely what
was happening. Her eyes flickered aimlessly to another picture, and a startled
gasp eluded her as she stared in disbelief at what she saw. Sandra thought that
the photographs she had already examined had prepared her to a point where she
was beyond surprise, but she was wrong. She gaped in astonishment at the candid
snapshot, unable and unwilling to believe that it was her husband who was
actually inserting his huge, lust-hardened penis in the blonde's tiny puckered
anus! But there was no doubt about it - the photograph showed in unerring
detail the enormous girth of Mike's blood-inflated prick encircled by the brown
crinkled little rectal mouth, stretched cruelly around the massive
circumference. This lasciviously depicted anal entry was too much for Sandra.
Revulsion swept through her - disgust at the knowledge that the man she had
married could and did indulge in such an animalistic, carnal act, a thing she,
a grown woman, had only heard about in whispers. It was too shameful to even
think about; it was disgusting! And yet, Sandra noticed in amazement, the
blonde didn't seem to mind it. In fact, she seemed to like it, judging by the
lewd look of delight on her passion-contorted face. Oh God, what was going on?
Her world seemed to have gone topsy-turvy, and all the opinions she had held on
such matters seemed to have been refuted by the pictorial evidence she held in
her hand. These girls weren't being abused, subjected to a man's whim or desire
- they were actually enjoying it! They seemed to love all the obscene things
Mike was doing to them... they were reveling in what to her would be the lowest
kind of debasement.

      Bewilderment crowded in on Sandra, and she felt completely out of control
of the situation. Her hands rose slowly to her breasts, and she gasped as she
felt the electrifying effect her own touch had on the now sensuously throbbing
mounds. But she couldn't take her hands away - somehow she felt that she had
only herself to turn to in order to help her get over this terrible discovery.
She felt strangely lucid, as if her perusal of the lewd pornographic pictures
had touched off a streak of insanity in her, and she could no longer control
her stampeding libido. Her mind was fermenting with images of the various
positions she had seen in the photographs, and lurid thrills were beginning to
shoot up and down her body. Involuntarily, she pressed her palms down her
sides, along her hips, and then dipped them between her nylon-encased thighs.
Immediately, she felt as if her vaginal mound was straining to reach the
comfort of her own hands, and she felt a rush of inner moisture proclaim the
intensity of the weird sensations. She could feel that the crotch-band of her
panties was slightly moistened and her fingers inched forward, like individual
bloodhounds on the scent of a relentless target.

      Moments of rationality broke intermittently through the clouds of her
frenzy, and taunted her with unanswerable questions. What had turned her into a
roiling mass of feverish desire? Was it because Mike hadn't made love to her
for so long? Or were the dirty pictures having an illicit prurient effect on
her?

      Her fingers kneaded at the burning lips of her moistened pussy through
the flimsy panties and Sandra winced from the delicious contact. Why should I
be denied pleasure? her mind argued dimly. All those girls were enjoying
themselves; Mike was pleasing them... it's not fair that I should be left
out...

      As though they had received assent, her fingers burrowed hurriedly under
the leg band of her panties and teased over to the tingling flesh of her
swollen pussy lips, and Sandra felt the fleshy folds pulsate under her
sensitive fingertips. She sighed from the exquisite sensation, feeling relief
flow through her. This is wrong... YOU SHOULDN'T DO THIS! Veiled threats echoed
through her mind, hidden warnings from schoolgirl-filled corridors... dark
messages about evil masturbation...

      But Sandra was too intoxicated with the rush of pleasure to pay any heed
to her own somber warnings, and her fingers continued to plunge into the warm
deep recesses of her desire-drenched pussy. Nothing mattered to her now - the
whys and wherefores were unimportant - all that she was concerned with was
quenching the raging fires that had sprung up unattended in her loins, and
which required heavenly fuel to feed its lascivious hunger before it allowed
itself to be put out.

      Suddenly irritated by the impediment of her panties, her hands began to
tear impatiently at them, and she raised her hips from the swivel chair, and
eased them down over her thighs, leaving them dangling at her knees. But she
didn't care about that - her hands were rolling up her soft angora dress and
bunching it about her hips, and she reveled in the freedom of exposing her
passion-enflamed loins to the cool evening air which was rushing in from the
half-opened office window. Her fingers dug impatiently again at her burning
furrow, and convulsively probed at the trembling hole of her clasping cunt.

      "Aaaaaahhhhhhhh..." she couldn't suppress a sigh as her hand cupped onto
the now moistly pulsating orifice and she felt the heated walls close in like a
vise on her sunken middle finger.

      The passion inside her was goaded on to greater fever by the lurid
thoughts which had taken possession of her head and would not yield. Obscene
thoughts framed by the disgusting photographs she had seen, images of desire
and lust instigated by many actions and acted out in many forms. She was almost
convinced that a large heated penis was ramming into her eager, open pussy,
that she was one of those girls whose head was thrown back in complete abandon,
whose mouth was open and from which a stream of sighs was rushing, whose hips
were churning under the delicious onslaught of a heavy, passion-bloated cock
which was plunging deeper and deeper and harder into her...

      Waves of heat were washing over her now as she ground her buttocks down
into the leather of the seat and revolved her saturated fingers around inside
the velvety interior of her febrile vaginal sheath. A feeling of dizziness was
taking control of her, coupled with a wonderful sensation of relief, and now
she knew she was cumming, because she felt so good all over, and her hips were
jerking uncontrollably, and a mist of hot, feminine orgasmic fluid washed down
over her churning fingers, and she felt the office revolve around her and her
head was torpedoed by a kaleidoscope of collaged nude figures, male and female,
all fucking and sucking and licking in total frenzy, and she was at the center
of it all, and she was loving it, every minute of it...

      Sandra slunk back against the chair, drained of all energy, curiously
devoid of all feeling but a satiated stupor which controlled her and made it
impossible for her to do anything, not even pull her dress down over her naked
thighs. Her legs were splayed, her panties hanging uselessly at her knees, and
in the dim of the mortification which was beginning to manifest itself inside
her, she reassured herself icily... "he'll pay for this... I'll make him pay
for this..."

                                 *     *     *

      Sam Maguire eased himself down from the ledge under the office window,
and with a furtive glance around, slunk off into the foliage that surrounded
the Peters' house. He was still trembling with excitement, and could hardly
believe what he had seen. Later, when he got to his quarters, he would go over
it all again in his mind, dwelling on every single detail of what he had seen.
He couldn't quite believe that he had been so lucky. He thanked his lucky stars
that he had decided to have a peek when he saw the window open in the office,
and heard muffled sounds from inside. Of course, it was fairly dim inside, but
still, he could see what was going on.

      I seen her! I seen her fingerfucking her own pussy! he chuckled to
himself, treasuring the memory of the faint glimmer of hair-lined pink he had
glimpsed between her open thighs as he eavesdropped on the demented woman. He
had seen her flimsy white little panties dangling at her knees, too. Who'd have
thought that he, a mere farm hand, would have got a front row seat, and seen
with his own eyes the beautiful wife of his boss, playing with herself? All the
nights he'd dreamed about the lovely, haughty Mrs. Peters, all the times he'd
imagined what she'd be like with her dignity lost and stripped bare-ass
naked... now he'd seen her, half-naked anyway. She didn't see him, didn't know
he'd been watching, but he had been, and God, he wouldn't have missed it for
anything.




Chapter 2

     Mike hurried over to the dairy and went straight to the milking 
parlour.  He spotted Eve right away, standing to the right of the long row 
of cows already chained in the milking passage.  She had put on a white 
coat, and her blonde hair was piled high on her head, and capped with a 
small band of white.  Even with her fair, creamy skin, she did not look 
washed-out, and Mike thought to himself how attractive she looked in the 
white dairy coat.  Her ample curves were cleverly accentuated by the 
tightly belted garment and Mike could not resist running his eyes over her 
proud, full breasts jutting out like snow-capped peaks, the slight sway of 
her molded hips, the long arch of her shapely legs.  She was talking to 
Sam Maguire, and turned when she heard Mike come in.
     "Good Evening, Miss Slater.  I hope I haven't kept you waiting too 
long."
     "Oh no, Mr. Peters.  Sam here has been showing me the ropes and 
making me feel at home. And do call me Eve, please."
     "All right, Eve," Mike laughed.  "We don't stand on formality here, 
so you might as well call me Mike."
     Mike felt more at ease when Sam had ambled off to attend to the 
animals already milked.  He felt a warm friendliness exuding silently from 
Eve, and it comforted him somehow, as he was still stinging from Sandra's 
verbal blows.  He felt that her accusations had been unjust; he had bent 
over backwards over the past year to make up for the affair she had found 
out about, and yet nothing seemed to please her.  She had changed so much 
over the past few years, he mused sadly to himself; she wasn't the same 
woman he'd married, laughing, full of fun, ready for anything.  She had 
turned into a nagging, whining shrew and didn't seem to care whether he 
was there or not.  It was that feeling of not being wanted that had made 
him seek refuge in other women.  Of course, he felt guilty about it, 
feeling like a rat as he slunk off to his clandestine meetings, but he had 
to do something, or he'd go mad.  Still, it was unfair of her to accuse 
him of being interested that way in Eve.  He'd be mad to try anything with 
her, right under Sandra's nose.  Not that he'd mind -
     "A penny for them!" Eve's light-hearted voice chimed in on his 
rambling thoughts, and her interruption caused him to blush to the roots 
of his hair.
     "I'm sorry, Miss ... Eve, I mean ... I've been so rude; I was 
completely carried away ..." he stammered, conscious of her twinkling gray 
eyes fixed on him.  He felt awkward, like a schoolboy.  Her searching 
graze was so intent, he felt sure for a brief instant that she must have 
read his thoughts, but knew that was ridiculous.
     "Well," he began lamely, "do you think you'll enjoy working here?"
     "Oh yes," she exclaimed, smiling widely.  "Everything's so up-to-
date, and you've got a fine herd.  Sam showed me around everywhere, and I 
even saw your donkey herd.  That broken-colored stallion is magnificent!"
     "Yes, he's a fine fellow, isn't he?  Imported from England from one 
of the champions over there.  I hope to have some good progeny from him 
next year."
     "How is he working out as a sire?" Eve asked interestedly.  Mike 
started, her question disturbing him.  What did she mean?  She knew he had 
only just got the stallion, that there wouldn't be any foals till next 
year.
     "Eh, what do you mean?" he asked guardedly.
     "I mean, does he do the job properly?  He looked pretty young to me!"
     Mike found himself coloring again.  What was the matter with the 
girl, asking questions like that?
     "He's able to manage," Mike faltered, and immediately turned his 
attention to placing the clusters on the first cow's teats.  Normally, the 
dairy girl and Sam did the actual milking, but as Eve was new, and the 
machine might be unfamiliar to her, Mike had decided to help her, in case 
she needed any instructions or had any problems.
     "I love the feel of a cow's teat in my hand," Eve mused to him, 
moving on to the next animal.  "It feels so soft, so sensuous," she went 
on dreamily, "and it almost comes to life as the milk flows through it, 
and the thick frothy cream spurts out of it ..." Mike was glad he was 
hidden from her sight, and that she couldn't see the flushed look of 
astonishment on his face.  Her voice was so hazy, her tone so sultry, and 
Mike could see out of the corner of his eye that she was caressing one of 
the pink-tinged teats as tenderly and lovingly as if ... He felt stunned 
by the impact of his own lewd thought.  As if it were a man's cock!  That 
was the thought that leaped into his head and drummed persistently at his 
consciousness.
     "Mike, could you help me please!" she called out suddenly, and he 
found himself rushing over to her, glad of the chance to be near her 
again.  She was hunched over one of the milk tube clusters which was lying 
on the ground, and Mike's eyes were drawn, as if by a magnet, to the 
exciting split between the tops of her creamy white breasts.  He was 
mesmerized by the enticing glimpse of her deep cleft and had to drag his 
eyes away when she looked anxiously up at him.
     I seem to have lost one of the tops," she said worriedly, and Mike 
got down on his knees beside her, and scanned the straw for the dark-
rimmed cap.
     "Here it is!" he said suddenly, picking it out of a golden sheaf, and 
he began to screw it back into the tube.
     "Oh thank goodness you found it," Eve breathed, laying one of her 
small white hands on his thigh, "I was so worried."  Her touch was like a 
firebrand on his flesh and when he looked at her, she was smiling at him.
     "Well, we'd better get on with the milking," he said weakly, and 
reluctantly, it seemed to him, she removed her hand from his thigh.  He 
suddenly felt bereft, as if a part of him was missing.  Pull yourself 
together, he chided himself, you're acting like a teenager, imagining all 
sort of ridiculous things.
     They worked silently, preparing all the cows for milking, and Mike's 
thoughts were swirling around in his head.  He couldn't shake loose the 
memory of her touch on his thigh.  Did she mean to do that, or was it just 
an accident?  And what did she mean by all that stuff about the teat?
     Finally, Mike switched on the milking machine, and the barn was 
filled with the vibratory sounds of the pulsator.
     "Mmm, it's hot in here!" Eve said suddenly, and began to unbutton her 
dairy coat.
     "D'you mind if I take this off?" she queried Mike, and when he 
replied, "of course not," she removed it, and Mike saw that she was 
wearing a red see-through blouse and a tight black mini-skirt.  He could 
see that she was wearing a matching red bra, really only a strip of lace, 
and his eyes were riveted on the generous mounds of her ivory breasts 
which were visible through the red nylon.
     "Do you like them?" Eve's voice broke in on his distraction, and he 
could only stare open-mouthed at her.  Had he heard her right?  His heart 
began to thud uncomfortably in his chest and he was at a loss as to what 
to do.
     "Would you like to see them?" Again her gay, mocking voice startled 
him.
     "Wha ..." he could only stammer.
     "Would you like to see my breasts, Mike?" she asked again with 
exaggerated slowness, walking a step closer to him.
     "Are you out of your mind?" Mike snapped, afraid that his mind was 
playing tricks on him. "This is no time for games!"
     "I'm not playing any games!" Eve said silkily, and Mike watched in 
boggling disbelief as her fingers fumbled with the buttons on her sheer 
blouse.  Gaping, he saw the edges fall away and reveal the exquisite form 
of her perfectly molded breasts, made all the more provocative by the 
dainty confines of her lacy bra.  He could see the alabaster flesh heaving 
slightly and was hypnotized by the rhythmic rise and fall of the luscious 
orbs.
     Incredibly, he saw Eve's hand slip around to the back, and in a 
moment, she was shrugging the thin satin straps from her smooth, pearly 
shoulders.
     "Christ, they're beautiful!" He couldn't resist gasping as the full 
glory of her exquisitely sculpted breasts came into his astonished view. 
Craning his neck, his eyes bulged as he stared at the creamy expanse of 
the silky mounds, surmounted by delicate pink nipples, semi-erect from the 
rustling of her bra.  Her hands crept up and cupped the full rounded young 
spheres, thrusting them out, pointing the hardening little buds at her 
disbelieving employer.
     "God, Eve, I ..." he murmured, unable to tear his eyes away from the 
half-naked girl.  His head was swirling - things were happening too fast 
for him.  He could feel the protuberance of his cock growing, and it was 
beginning to swell against the confines of his pants.  His hands fidgeted 
by his sides - they itched to reach out and clasp those glorious globes of 
young college-girl tit flesh, to knead and pummel them.  His mouth longed 
to take the tiny budding nipples between his lips, coax them into 
turgidity with his tongue, nip on their sweetness with his teeth.  God, 
she was driving him mad, standing there half-dressed, like some youthfully 
naked Venus.  She moved closer to him, so close that her naked breasts 
brushed against the blue denim of his workshirt, and the delicious contact 
sent eddies of almost intolerable pleasure soaring through him.  
Sinuously, she rubbed the hardened tips against his chest, purring like a 
cat, her arm resting casually on his thigh again.  He wanted to pull away, 
order his errant young employee to get dressed, get on with the milking, 
but he couldn't.  What he really wanted to do was take her in his arms, 
crush his mouth down on hers, knock the breath out of her with his kiss, 
caress those ripe boobies of hers, and then fuck her, yes, fuck her to 
within an inch of her life.  Instead, he managed to inch backward a 
little.
     "Eve ... we shouldn't ..." he faltered, his eyes dropping again to 
the sensuous grace of her unadorned breasts.
     "We shouldn't ... what?" she queried boldly.
     "We ... you shouldn't ... tease a man like that!" he gasped, feeling 
his face flush.  Yes, that's what she was doing, teasing him with her 
naked tits, her sulky voice, her veiled hints. Well, she'd better watch 
her step, or she'd get more than she bargained for!
     "I'm-not-teasing!" she enunciated, her hand slowly reaching for the 
side zip of her brief black skirt.  With a horrified stare, he watched as 
she eased the skirt down over her full hips, slipping it down her thighs, 
and kicking it aside as it reached her ankles, leaving her nude except for 
a tiny pair of bikini briefs the same startling red as her bra.
     "For God's sake, Eve, anyone could come in ..." Mike gasped, his eyes 
riveted on the golden triangle of pubic curls squashed beneath the sheer 
fabric of her panties.
     "So what?" Eve laughed.  "You're a man, and I'm a woman.  What we do 
is our business ... isn't it?"
     "You're crazy!" Mike rasped.  "You'd better get dressed before ... 
before I ..."
     "Before you go out of your mind?" she taunted, moving in a little 
circle around the demented man.
     "That's right, you teasing little bitch!" Mike rasped, his control 
snapping like a straw inside him.  "You can't expect to go prancing around 
in front of a man, naked like that, and not affect him.  You should know 
what this could lead to, the temptation you're putting my way.  I'm only 
flesh and blood, and this is more than any man can take!"  He railed on, 
his mouth dry and his voice hoarse, fighting to control the demons of lust 
which were mutinying inside him.  She continued to look at him with her 
mocking eyes.
     "Poor Mike!" she clucked, her hand dropping down and cradling the 
considerable bulge of his swollen prick in her palm.  "What are you 
getting so uptight about?" she crooned as she began to massage the growing 
organ, feeling it pulse hotly in her hand.
     Perspiration broke out on Mike's face.  What the hell did she think 
she was doing?  Poor Mike indeed!  She thought she could twist him around 
her little finger.  Well, he'd show her he wasn't the Milquetoast she 
thought he was!
     "Now listen, Eve," he began, but her hand was already drawing down 
the zipper of his pants, and his demented cock, rejoicing in its sudden 
freedom, leaped up, cleaving the air, the red bulbous head grotesque in 
its palpitating arousal.  His mouth hinged open as he stared down at the 
apparition of his own blood-engorged prick, and he moaned from the 
tremendous contact between her cool fingers and his heated, throbbing 
flesh.  Her hands stroked and kneaded the elongated rod, drawing it out 
into an even greater length and Mike felt powerless to do anything but 
stand there and allow his new employee to stroke his ever hardening cock 
in her masterful, exciting way.
     "Mmmm, what a nice big cock you've got, Mike!" Eve hummed, continuing 
her rhythmic pummelling of his pulsating organ, "I just know I'm going to 
enjoy working for you ..."
     Her hand reached in and cupped the squirming sac of his testicles in 
her palm, and Mike felt rising shivers of ecstasy course through him, 
emanating from the sensitive balls.  Mike leaned back against the edge of 
the stall, lost in the sensual reverie that Eve was weaving around him.  
God, her hand felt so good on his cock, stroking and kneading like that 
... it was a long time since he'd felt a hot hand on his prick ... too 
long, in fact ... Sandra never touched him there ... SANDRA!  The memory 
of his wife jarred him back to reality.  She could easily walk in here, 
find him like this, being stroked and caressed by this young voluptuous 
agricultural student!  It would mean the end of everything, their 
marriage, all they had worked for!  She'd never forgive him!
     With a tortured groan, he wrenched back from Eve and backed out of 
the stall.  His face burning, he stuffed his long suffering penis back 
into his pants, and hurried over and turned off the milking motor.
     I don't know what came over me ..." he mumbled.  I must've been crazy 
... anybody could have come in ...!"  Unable to meet her gaze, Mike 
hurried over to the cows, and began to undo the clusters frenziedly, his 
fingers shaking.
     "Mike!" Eve's soft voice was directly behind him.  Squatting to 
remove the clusters from the cow's teats, he half-turned and saw Eve 
standing directly behind him.
     "My God!" he gasped, the milk-clusters falling from his hands.  She 
was stark naked!  She was standing with her legs slightly apart, and he 
could just barely see the faint pink sheen of her pussy lips peeping out 
from under the soft resilient thatch of golden curls.  His throat felt 
arid, and his voice failed him.  He could only stare.  She was like a 
creature from another world.  A strange, exotic female who towered over 
him, and was omnipotent.  She held the power to transmit incredible 
sensual ecstasy to him, and he was her slave.
     "Eve ..." he managed to croak feebly.
     And then she was beside him, kneeling on the soft straw, pushing him 
gently back.  He was unresisting, borne along on the wind of her 
tremendous sexuality.  He was completely in her power, and yielded as she 
once more freed the heated protuberance of his bulging cock.  He sighed an 
uncontrollable moan as it sprang up from the forest of his pubic hair and 
gasped again as her fingers once more encircled it, pulling on it gently.  
Her fingers were easing off his pants, and were playing titillatingly 
along his thighs, sending chills of pleasure rippling up and down and 
along his skin, and kindling great flames of heat deep in the pit of his 
stomach.  Like a robot, his hands reached up eagerly for the target they 
yearned, and grabbed the full soft mounds of her tender breasts, and 
clutched at the delicate flesh with his talon-like fingers, making her 
wince from the sudden pain, and leaving little red welts on the smooth 
white skin.  His fingers drubbed the hard little beads of her nipples, 
rubbing them mercilessly, tugging on them until they were rigid little 
spears.  Beside him, the cow fidgeted nervously, anxious over the 
unaccustomed disturbance at her feet, and Mike felt a moment's paralyzing 
fear lest her hooves lash out at his prostrate body.  But all practical 
consideration fled from his brain as he felt his young milk maid settle 
herself over him, her long smooth thighs straddling his naked hips and 
Mike could feel the graze of her soft curling pubic hair as it brushed 
against his naked stomach.  Still grasping his distended cock in her hand, 
she began to guide it towards the warm grasping furrow of her cunt, and 
Mike sighed with pleasure as he felt the hard rubbery head caress the soft 
delicate tissue already moist with expectation.
     She began to sweep the bulging head of his inflated prick along the 
length of her pulsating cuntal split, and the fluted edges of her moistly 
glistening inner lips clung tenaciously to his hard masculine flesh, and 
the bulbous head became lubricated with her free-flowing vaginal juices.  
His head was swirling and a wave of pleasure, such as he had not 
experienced in a long time, was washing over him again and again, and with 
each cleansing wave, he was laved of any doubts and fears he might have 
had.  Gone was all worry about his wife or anyone else finding him 
stretched out with his naked young female employee; gone completely was 
any fear of discovery.  All that mattered was the unbelievable thrill of 
ecstasy he was feeling and which he knew would mount up to an incredible 
crescendo of hedonistic delight.
     "Mmmmm ..." Eve sighed, "your cock feels so good against my pussy 
..."
     The lewd words coming from the young, innocent faced girl's lips 
excited Mike even more and he felt lust mushrooming inside him and 
threatening to turn him into a raving beast.  His hands flew down and 
grasped the girl's slim tapering hips, and held her in a vise-like grip. 
Hungrily, he began to rotate her entire pelvis until she was revolving 
over the spongy cap of his burgeoning penis still grasped firmly in her 
hand.  Gingerly, she began to position herself over the jutting 
instrument, easing herself down slowly, until she had managed to insert 
the huge distended head up inside the tender inner folds of her cunt 
mouth.
     "Aaaaahhhhhhh ..." she sighed, accustoming herself to the hard 
feeling of a heavy, pounding prick inside her.  But the initial contact 
unleashed the fury of Mike's lust, and with a savage snarl, he crashed the 
helpless girl's pelvis downward, driving his thick rod upwards with flesh-
splitting cruelty.
     "AAAARRRRGHHHHHHHH ..." Eve screamed out and struggled in a vain 
attempt to dislodge the terrible instrument from her unsuspecting depths.  
But she was completely skewered, and the fleshy hair-lined outer lips of 
her pulsing vagina were resting on the tickling nest of Mike's blond pubic 
forest.  Beside them, the cow snorted, frightened by the ear-piercing 
scream, and began to paw the ground ominously.
     Mike's fingers clawed at the soft resilient flesh of Eve's smooth 
rounded buttocks as he raised her loins upward, feeling her sensitive 
inner membrane cling to his hard fleshy rod as her heated vaginal sheath 
slid upwards.  He held her poised above him, leaving just the hard 
burgeoning head still buried inside her, and then he crashed her down 
again, feeling the spongy global mounds of her buttocks flatten down 
against his pubic area as his tunnelling prick plunged far up inside her, 
cleaving her unaccustomed flesh with cruel obstinacy. He could feel the 
pliant entrance of her cringing womb yield before his unabated onslaught 
and a gasp of mingled shock and excitement escaped her as she felt the 
unexpected pressure so deep up inside her impaled belly.
     Eve's eager vagina had accustomed itself to the ponderous girth of 
Mike's trammelling penis, and she began to move up and down freely, 
establishing a yo-yo like rhythm.  Mike's palpitating cock seemed to 
expand even more inside her and she responded with a gentle tentative 
flexing of her practised inner muscle which seemed to excite him to even 
greater lust.  His hands shot up eagerly and enfolded the enticing orbs of 
her breasts in his palms, and they rubbed and caressed her throbbing 
flesh, sending chill after chill curdling through her blood, making 
passion pulse hotly through her veins.
     "Oh God, Mike ..." she gasped, her hands clutching at his tensely 
corded thighs, "your hands feel good on my titties ... as good as your 
cock feels inside me ..."
     Tremors of passion were spasming through Mike.  Eve's lewd words of 
praise sent lurid shivers running up and down his spine and doubled the 
already incredible pleasure he was feeling.  He could hardly believe what 
was happening!  Only this morning, this girl was a complete stranger, 
newly arrived from Agricultural School, and now, after a turn of events 
which had left him breathless, they were fucking, or rather, she was 
fucking him!  Yes, she was the one who had seduced him, and who was now 
riding him like a savage Indian girl on a half-wild mustang, her thighs 
clenching his hips viciously, and the soft inner hole up between her legs 
milking furiously on his rampaging cock. He had never experienced anything 
like this before - stretching out on the soft golden straw, being screwed 
by a real woman - because that's what Eve was, there was no doubt about 
that. Beside him, the cow lowed deeply, finally accepting the strange, 
nakedly writhing couple beside her, and Mike felt her breath, warm and 
sweet scented, wafting gently over his perspiring face.
     Mike glanced up and saw that Eve's face was coated with perspiration, 
her mouth was half open and her head was flung back.  Her luxuriant coils 
of curls had become undone and her silky flaxen hair was streaming down 
like a silver stream over her bare creamy shoulders.  He had released his 
savage hold on her breasts and now the full ripe spheres were bobbing from 
her exertion, the reddish-brown nipples jutting out like berries, and the 
brown aureolas were crinkled in their contracted excitement.  His lust-
glazed eyes travelled down the length of her magnificent body, coated with 
moisture, revelling in the soft yet supple milkiness of it, the 
provocative curve of her womanly hips, the lemon-colored fleece of pubic 
down which meshed so indistinguishably with his own.  Her long slender 
thighs were like alabaster columns and Mike could see that the inner 
tendons stood out like whipcord against the ivory inner skin.  She 
continued to grind wildly up and down on his jerking prick, making a 
little teasing rotatory movement as she rose up.  Her fingers slipped 
around behind her squirming buttocks and stroked the squirming sac of his 
testicles in a sudden swift movement which sent his roiling sperm into a 
frenzy of churning liquid deep inside the darkness of his balls.
     "Christ, Eve," he panted through the breathlessness of his mounting 
passion, "you're ... you're incredible! ... oh God, keep tickling my balls 
like that ..."
     Mike felt a rush of heat that started in the pit of his stomach rise 
up in an overpowering curtain and steam through him, and at the same time, 
his cock began to jerk uncontrollably and the ache in his writhing balls 
had become unbearable.
     "AAAAAGGGHHHHHHH ... keep fucking ... keep fucking ... I'm cumming!  
I'm CUUUMMMMIIINNNGGGGG ... ! ! !"
     And then his body was caught up in a gigantic whirlwind, and he 
thought he would lose consciousness because a blackness appeared in front 
of his eyes, and he felt he was drifting away, but his faltering 
rationality was arrested by Eve's own hoarse screams.
     "Oh God Mike, I'm cumming too.  I'm ... AAAHHHHHHH ... !!"  And she 
was cumming too, her pelvis pounding against his like gigantic waves 
against storm-tossed rocks.  Her fingers were like razor-sharp spears 
cutting into the flesh of his hips, and the interior muscle of her vaginal 
sheath was an insatiable entity of its own.  It was sucking, demanding, 
and getting, its life-giving quencher of his thick store of semen, which 
suddenly began to spurt along the pulsating tube of his spasming penis and 
hose hotly up into the heated cavern of her pussy.  Almost immediately it 
seemed, the frothy liquid trickled back down around his pumping prick and 
seeped into the matted pubic curls, already moistened with the shower of 
her orgasmic release.  The cow was blowing hot puffs of breath down onto 
Mike's steaming face, her big liquid brown eyes staring in boggled 
amazement at her two temporary stall companions.  Her big, wet white nose 
just touched Mike's face as the last heave convulsed his dying prick and 
he emptied the final drop of his boiling semen into Eve's still hungrily 
twitching pussy.  At last, the exhausted girl collapsed onto his panting 
body, and his now limp prick slipped easily from her wet, cock-stretched 
passage.
     "That ... that was the best fuck I've ever had!" Mike acknowledged 
gratefully.  And it was.  There was something about the spontaneity of the 
act which impassioned him to fever pitch, and the girl's own total 
sexuality, and lack of restraint, unleashed a similar characteristic in 
him.  "You're quite a girl, Eve," he added admiringly.
     "You're a real man yourself, Boss," Eve praised, smiling down at him.  
"You sure know how to please a girl!"
     She lay her face down on his chest so he couldn't see her widening 
grin.  Things are working out just great, she thought happily. She had 
been thrilled when she had met her new boss, captivated right away by his 
virile good looks, and now she had discovered that he had above average 
talent in other respects, too. Yes, she murmured to herself, I think I'm 
going to enjoy myself very much on this job!




Chapter 3

     Sandra threw her corduroy jacket over her shoulders and stepped out 
into the yard.  There was a slight breeze which alleviated some of the 
premature heat of early May, and she began to amble towards the barns.  
She was glad the house was a short distance away from them - she didn't 
think she could stand it if the animals were milling about directly 
outside the front door.  There was nobody about and Sandra was grateful 
for that.  She didn't feel like talking to anyone this morning, and 
particularly not to Eve, who turned out to be a very talkative type, 
always anxious to engage herself or anyone else in conversation.  Sandra 
had seen her several times talking to Sam in the yard, and she had caught 
several glimpses of Mike and Eve laughing intimately together.
     Mike himself had been very incommunicative when she brought up the 
subject of the new dairy help and how she was working out. Of course, she 
reflected, after that dreadful fight they'd had, she couldn't expect him 
to confide in her.  She wished now that she hadn't been so hasty in 
accusing him of being interested in Eve, that she had kept her suspicions 
to herself, but the damage was done, and now she couldn't help thinking 
that there was something going on between them.  It was several days now 
since they'd had that fight and Mike usually tried to make up with her 
right away after such an argument, regardless of whose fault it was, but 
this time, he just didn't seem to care. That was the part that hurt, he 
didn't seem to care anymore what she thought or felt.  She felt it was a 
stroke of luck that he'd gone into town early this morning and wouldn't be 
back until tomorrow.  It would give her time to think, and maybe even plan 
some strategy for getting back in his good books.  But if he is really 
interested in that girl, I don't know what I'll do, she worried, afraid 
she might have gone too far.  She hated to admit it to herself, but there 
was no denying that Eve was really attractive, and she had a slow, sensual 
way about her that Sandra knew was exciting to men.  She felt a twinge of 
jealousy stab at her, and tried to banish from her mind the nagging 
suggestion, almost a certainty, she feared, that Mike had become involved 
with the new dairy maid.  No matter what happened, she didn't want to lose 
Mike. But should I just sit back and let him play around with that little 
blonde right under my nose? she argued.  Almost painfully, she thought 
again of the cache of pornographic pictures she'd discovered, lewd filthy 
photographs of Mike in disgusting positions with different women.  The 
shock of finding them still affected her, and her subsequent action of 
getting aroused by them shamed her through and through.  She didn't even 
allow herself to think of that evening, when she had shamelessly fingered 
her own vagina and actually reached a climax, all from the sensations, 
evil, wicked sensations, aroused in her by the vile snapshots. Every time 
the thought came into her mind, when the memory tried to torment her, she 
had brushed them back into oblivion, waiting for time to erase the sharp-
honed edge of her humiliation.
     "Good morning, Mrs. Peters," a voice sang out suddenly behind her.  
It was Sam Maguire, and Sandra, turning around, saw that he was leading 
Jacob, the donkey stallion.
     "Good morning, Sam," she replied, feigning cheerfulness, and 
immediately turning her attention to the animal.  She hated having 
anything to do with the hired hand.  She never knew what to say to him, 
always being afraid of sounding too familiar, or worse still, acting very 
haughty with him.  She began to stroke the donkey's strong arched neck.
     "Jacob seems to be in fine shape," she mused, running her eyes 
admiringly over the animal's sleek black and white body.
     "All the exercise he gets keeps him trim," Sam smirked, and Sandra 
turned to look at him.
     "I thought he's kept inside for the season ..." Sandra puzzled.  The 
donkeys were the only animals she was really interested in on the farm, 
and it was she who had encouraged Mike to keep them in the first place.  
They were becoming very popular everywhere, and top quality foals could 
fetch very high prices.  They had ten mares, and just this one stallion.
     "That's what I mean," Sam leered.  "His mares keep him busy, and he 
sure knows how to rise that big rod of his.  Yes sir," he went on, staring 
intently at her, "them she-donkeys sure seem to love that long prick of 
his shoved far up in their -"
     "How-how dare you!" Sandra gasped, her face scarlet, mortified with 
embarrassment at the farmhand's lewd words.  Who did he think she was, 
that he could talk to her like that, use such filthy language in her 
presence?  Anger seethed inside her like bubbling oil, threatening to
overflow and scald everything within distance.  But she managed to control 
her feelings and said in a low, even voice:
     "Please watch your language, Sam.  Mr. Peters does not tolerate 
obscenities, and I would hate to have to report your despicable behavior 
to him."  Even to her own ears, her words sounded dictatorial and stuffy, 
but her shock was still electrically alive inside her, and she was 
incensed at the liberty the worker had taken with her.  She had a good 
mind to tell Mike, and perhaps even have Sam fired for his insolence.
     Sam looked the picture of the abject servant. He held his old cap in 
his hand, and his reddish-gray hair glinted in the morning sun.  His head 
was slightly bent and Sandra saw with satisfaction that his face was 
suitably blanched with fear and consternation.  Jacob stood by calmly, 
seemingly totally unaware of the minor drama his presence had caused.
     Without another word, Sandra stalked away, leaving Sam glaring after 
her.  Fucking bitch, he spat.  Can't even take a joke.  Well, she'll get 
her come-uppance one of these days; I'll see to that!  In fact, tonight 
just might not be a bad time!
     Sandra felt irked by the sound of the back doorbell.  She had just 
settled down to watch T.V., and was looking forward to relaxing for a few 
hours.  She had spent most of the day in the garden, digging and 
transplanting the seedlings she had sown in the spring, and she felt tired 
and wind burned when she finally came into the house and fixed a cold 
supper for herself. The heavy physical work of gardening had taken her 
mind off her worries, and now she had been hoping that the television 
would do the same, and that she would feel sleepy after watching a few 
shows, as she usually did, and that she would then drop off easily to 
sleep.
     With a sigh, she got up and went through the kitchen and opened the 
door.  She experienced a flicker of distaste that coupled with her 
annoyance when she saw who was there.
     "Good Evening, Sam," she said tonelessly, not bothering to hide her 
irritation.
     Sorry to bother you, ma'am," Sam muttered, fidgeting with his cap, 
his eyes downcast.  "But the fuses went in the barn an' I can't see to do 
my work."
     "Well, I think I've got some in the kitchen," Sandra said curiously 
relieved that he had a legitimate reason for calling on her so late in the 
evening.  She found, somewhat to her surprise, that she had a new fear of 
the farm worker, a fear born from his distasteful remarks to her that 
morning.  She sensed that there was an underlying hostility or arrogance 
in his attitude to her, and that his disrespect was a form of that 
aggression.
     She noticed with displeasure that he had followed her into the 
kitchen, and willing herself to take no notice of him, began to look for 
the fuses.  She wasn't quite sure where they were and rummaged around in 
the kitchen drawer. They weren't there and she knew that they must be on 
the top shelf of the kitchen cabinet, where she kept the electric light 
bulbs.
     "I'll get them, ma'am," Sam suggested when she told him, but she 
declined.  She couldn't stand the thought of his dirty, and she supposed, 
clumsy hands on her clean kitchen cupboard, and unable to suppress a sigh, 
pulled the kitchen steps over in position.  Mounted on the third step, she 
noticed that Sam had moved even closer to her so that he was almost 
directly under her.  Thank goodness I'm wearing slacks she thought as she 
groped around for the fuses. Relieved to find them easily, she began to 
descend, thinking maybe now he'll go away and leave me alone.
     Suddenly, she stiffened.  The blood pulsed wildly in her veins and a 
sudden wave of heat engulfed her and threatened to overcome her. She just 
couldn't believe what was happening. His hands were on her buttocks, 
feeling them, squeezing them - he was actually caressing her back there!
     She didn't know what to do.  Fear washed over her, followed quickly 
by revulsion, disgust, anger.  She hesitated for a split second on the 
steps.  Should she order him to stop, or should she just ignore it?  If 
she got angry, perhaps she might intimidate him, but on the other hand, he 
was brazen enough to touch her like that, and he might get violent.  But 
conversely, if she just ignored him, might he not interpret that as an 
invitation to continue?  Oh God, what should I do, she wondered wildly.  
His work-coarsened hands continued their lewd manipulation of her softly 
yielding ass cheeks, kneading and clutching, and it seemed to the agonized 
woman that an eternity passed in those few seconds.
     Then, she could stand it no longer.
     "Take your hands off me, you disgusting old man!" she shrieked, 
almost falling from the steps in her sudden angry horror.  Relieved, she 
found herself on the ground once more, and gave vent to her feelings.
     "How dare you?  How dare you lay your hands on me?  I'll see you're 
fired for this.  Your impertinence today was enough, but you've gone too 
far this time!"  She stood glaring at him, panting from her exasperated 
speech, her green eyes flashing like sparkling emeralds.
     "No need for you to get on your high horse with me, lady," Sam 
leered, an arrogant sneer on his weather-beaten face, "'cause I know what 
you're really like!"
     Sandra was thrown off balance by his unexpected retort.  She had 
anticipated apologies, sullenness, even a denial, but she had not expected 
him to be so completely defiant.
     "What do you mean?" she asked, striving to keep a condescending tone 
in her voice.  Her eyes swept contemptuously over his stocky, over-alled 
figure, and she imagined she saw him cringe under her proud stare.
     "H'mm, guess not even your husband knows what you get up to when he's 
not around ..." he said contemplatively, and Sandra's heart missed a beat.  
Just what did he mean?  He was acting so strangely, not at all 
intimidated.  She was beginning to feel worried.  There was something 
menacing about this sudden change in their hired hand, and her pulse 
quickened in fear.  She thought about screaming, but knew it was futile, 
because the other workers were in their quarters on the far side of the 
barns, and besides, the television in the lounge was blaring, and likely 
to drown out any cries for help she might make.  Sam moved closer to her 
again, and she drew back suddenly from his insidiously searching hand 
which reached out and touched her hip.
     "Get-get away from me!" she gasped, her terror mounting.
     "C'mon now, honey, I happen to know you need a little lovin'!" Sam 
rasped, his eyes roaming freely over her trembling figure.
     "I-I don't know what you mean!" she stammered.  What was he hinting 
about?
     "Don't play dumb with me, baby, 'cause ol' Sam knows more about you 
than you think!" There was a new ominous sound in his voice, an ugly, 
threatening note.
     Sandra's heart raced with fear.  He seemed to have something on his 
mind, something he was trying to threaten her with.
     "I don't know what you're talking about!" she said defiantly, hoping 
to inject her voice with courage.
     "Let's put it this way!" he taunted, rubbing his hands together.  
"You had a real nice time cleaning out the office the other day, didn't 
ya?"
     Sandra blanched, and suddenly her throat felt dry.  She could only 
stare in horrified amazement at the triumphantly grinning figure of the 
workman.  She just couldn't believe that she had heard him correctly, yet 
the enormity of the implication of his remark was slowly etching itself on 
her disbelieving brain.
     "No ... no!" she gasped, unable to stop herself.
     "Oh yes!" Sam laughed, delighted at the effect of his bombshell on 
her.  He was glad he'd waited to drop it on her, strung her out a little 
first, got her ready for the big one.  "Yessirree," he went on, unable to 
relinquish his stunning victory over her, "cleanin' out the office was a 
real pleasure for you that day."
     Sandra continued to stare in numbed silence at him.  Did he know - 
had he seen her?  Was that what he was hinting at, that he'd seen her 
looking at those pornographic pictures, seen her pushing her own panties 
down to her knees and fingering herself, seen her reach orgasm?
     "What I do is my own business," she said flatly.  She felt devoid of 
all strength, completely stripped of the will to put in his place this 
lewd uncouth worker who was bent on tormenting her.
     "It sure is," he conceded, "but I'd say them glossy pictures are 
Mike's business, too."
     Did he know about the pictures, too? she thought wildly, suddenly 
desperate to get away from this vile man.
     "Will you please leave?" she said in a tone of quiet command, but Sam 
only edged forward, and then suddenly, grabbed her by the wrist, pulling 
her close to him.  His other arm closed tightly around her, and he peered 
with lewd suggestion down at her.
     "I could tell you really liked them colored pictures ... you got real 
hotted up when you looked at them, didn't ya?"
     Sandra was paralyzed with fear.  She was afraid to struggle, afraid 
to waken his real anger, which she sensed was lurking near to the surface 
of his demented personality.  She decided that if she ignored him, he 
might get tired of his little game.
     "That one where they were sixty-nining is a real winner, ain't it?" 
Sam taunted.  "That's your husband in the photograph, and did ya see the 
size of his cock jammed into the broad's mouth?" Sandra felt a rush of 
nausea, and fought to keep herself from retching.  He's insane, her mind 
screamed, you're not safe with him ... Oh God help me ...
     "... and did ya see her pussy, all red and juicy and ready?  I bet 
Mr. Peters really liked getting his tongue in that little hole!"
     "Oh stop it!  Stop it!" Sandra screamed suddenly, beginning to 
struggle wildly, unable to take any more of her captor's leering 
obscenities.
     "What'samatter, honey?" he leered, his hand tightening roughly around 
her breast, crushing it painfully through her cashmere sweater. "Don'cha 
wanna talk about them pictures?"
     "No, No, please leave me alone!" she whimpered, her reason deserting 
her and leaving her a cringing mass of fear and bewilderment.
     "How did ya like the one where Mr. Peters was giving it to the blonde 
in the ass?" Sam taunted again, and Sandra felt a fresh shudder of 
revulsion convulse her.  As if by magic, a startling clear reproduction of 
that vile photograph leaped into the terrified woman's mind, and she could 
see the lewd scene finely etched on her brain - the straining white mounds 
of the girl's buttocks, the tiny dark ring of her anus nestled between the 
creamy spheres; Mike's hugely distended penis already inserted in the tiny 
puckered entrance.  She couldn't banish the lurid apparition from her 
mind, and she felt suddenly that she was going mad.  She wanted to scream, 
to shriek and wail, do anything to shatter the terrifying reality which 
encircled her, a reality of disgusting perversity, peopled by such 
lascivious monsters as Sam Maguire and her own husband, Mike.  Part of the 
revolting present was the hired hand's tight convulsive clasp on her 
breast, and even as awareness sunk once more into her brain, she felt that 
same hand slip down along the curve of her waist and once more cup her 
buttock, squeezing it intimately in a lustful gesture.  Sandra felt 
totally devoid of control over her own body and mind.  Something had 
snapped in her when she had finally realized that this lowly farm worker 
had witnessed her surrender to her own lewd response to the filthy 
pictures, and now she realized his domination over her was complete when 
he had revealed an intimate knowledge of those same dirty photographs. Had 
Mike shown them to his employee?  How many other people had he shown them 
to? New, more frightening thoughts alarmed the despondent woman.  How long 
had Sam been aware of Mike's infidelities?  Had Sam felt pity for her, 
Mike's wife, every time he saw her, knowing of Mike's secret life?
     Sandra was barely aware of Sam's hand insinuating itself into the 
waistband of her slacks, flicking open the button, pulling down the 
zipper.  Her racing, panic stricken mind occupied all her attention.  The 
wife is always the last to know.  The hackneyed statement jumped into her 
mind, and taunted her.  Yes, she thought bitterly, I was the last one to 
know - even the farm hand knew before I did!
     Her heart somersaulted inside her as she felt Sam's wandering hand 
press against the softness of her belly and move downwards toward the 
panty-clad mound of her pubic triangle.  Oh God, what is happening? she 
thought wildly, really aware for the first time that the farm worker's 
hand was actually inside her slacks and was edging down towards her now 
trembling vagina!
     "Oh God, stop it!  STOP IT! !" she shrieked, struggling wildly.  She 
couldn't let this happen - no matter what, she had to stop his lewd 
advances before they got any further.  Her startling thoughts had thrown 
her off balance, putting her off guard, and now, this revolting man was 
trying to fondle her down there!
     "Hold still, baby," Sam rasped hoarsely, "and let ol' Sam give ya 
li'l pussy what your two-timin' husband has been neglectin'."
     Sandra stood stock still.  Did he know that Mike hadn't made love to 
her in weeks?  Had Mike told him?  Oh God, it was too much to bear!  Sam 
took advantage of her immobility and eased his hand inside the flimsy 
nylon protection of her panties and slipped down to the soft, hair-covered 
pelt of her vagina.  The fingers hesitated there for a moment before 
slipping upwards and teasing slowly into the warm moist furrow of her 
pussy.
     A shudder coursed through Sandra as she felt his hard insistent 
fingers down between her thighs on her naked genitals.  She felt powerless 
to move.  There was something irrevocable about his intrusion there - as 
if there was nothing to fight any more.  He had forced his hand inside her 
panties - she had allowed things to get this far - and now, there was 
nothing she could do about it!  She felt broken, a victim of events 
initiated by her husband when he had first started being unfaithful to 
her.  His illicit actions had started the ball rolling for her subsequent 
acquiescence to the farm worker's lewd manual play.  It was Mike's fault!
     Sam's fingers probed and searched in the softly yielding cuntal 
folds, exploring the smooth, slightly pulsating lips, teasing about with 
confident insistence.  Sandra was surprised at her own reaction to another 
man's hand between her legs.  She knew it was partly because of her 
disembodiment from physical feeling, but couldn't deny that the strange 
fingers didn't feel bad down there.
     "How d'ya like it, honey?" Sam hissed lewdly, "better than 
fingerfucking yourself, isn't it?" Unwillingly, Sandra admitted the memory 
of her own frantic fingering of her excited vagina, her scurrilous search 
for release.  Shame flooded through her at the thought of how she had 
writhed under her own probing fingers, how she had squirmed her naked 
buttocks around lewdly in orgasm as she plunged her fingers deeper and 
deeper inside her.  What was happening to her?  First, she had enjoyed her 
own lewd masturbation, and now she was beginning to like the hired hand's 
fingers working deeper now up inside her gradually moistening pussy!
     No, it can't be!  Her mind screamed, it can't be happening to me!  
But there was no doubt now about it - she couldn't deny it.  She was 
beginning to ENJOY Sam's fingers in her pussy, and in spite of her mind's 
horror, her traitorous body was beginning to undulate gently in time to 
the farm worker's insistent fingers between her thighs.
     Sam felt a surge of triumph on sensing her submission to him.  There 
was no denying that she was beginning to like it - he could feel a tiny, 
but sensuous flexing beginning inside her trembling vagina, and her whole 
body was beginning to shiver in anticipatory pleasure.  He had won, he, 
the lowly farm worker, had succeeded in taming this heretofore haughty 
wife of his boss, who had so often looked down her nose at him!  He could 
hardly believe his luck in catching her playing with herself in front of 
those dirty pictures of her husband in the study that afternoon.
     Tiny mewls of pleasure began to spew from Sandra's lips and she 
leaned back against Sam and began to writhe, her loins churning in 
simulation of copulatory rhythm.  She was being subjugated by the betrayal 
in her body, her will to resist curbed by the greater mastery of desire.  
Awareness of the reality of the situation was fading; consciousness of the 
growing tingle in her vagina was taking its place.
     "How does that feel now, Mrs. Peters?" Sam breathed.  "How do my 
fingers feel touching your pussy?  His other hand was working at her firm 
rounded breast, squeezing and tweaking the hard turgid nipple through her 
sweater. Then, with a sudden upward movement between her legs, he ground 
his fingers hard into the wetly throbbing opening of her cuntal passage 
and wormed their stubby tips far up inside her.
     "Ooohhhhhhhhhh ..." Sandra moaned, jolted by the searing entry, 
tormented by the grating of his nails against her sensitive inner 
membrane.  His fingers continued their wild rotatory plundering inside 
her, and Sandra felt weird new sensations cavort through her body.  Oh God 
... This is better than when I did it ... she thought helplessly in the 
daze of her passion, as she pressed her now hungrily pulsating clitoral 
bud down on the relieving hardness of Sam's hand.
     "You really love it now, don't you, babe?" he gloated, hardly daring 
to believe that this was really happening to him, that his own boss' proud 
little wife was really squirming under his manipulation.
     "Oh yes," she hissed through passion-clenched teeth, "Oh yes, it 
feels so good ... Mmmmmmmmm ... ! ! !"
     Sandra's entire crotch was a throbbing mass of aroused nerve endings, 
and she felt as if an uncontrollable fire had been kindled there.  Her 
clitoris felt round and hard and was pulsing strongly with the heated 
blood of desire, and the swollen fleshy outer lips of her hair-lined split 
were moist with passion.  Chills rippled through her spine which 
contrasted with the heat which was rising from her groin, rising up to 
cover her face and neck in a hot, rosy flush.
     She was moaning uncontrollably now, unconscious of everything but the 
delicious pleasure which was seeping into every crack and crevice in her 
weary body and infusing her with a joy she hadn't experienced for a long 
time.  She felt as if she was soaring on the wings of some magical 
mythical bird which was flying high and taking her to a warm heavenly 
place where he could deposit her in a comfortable nest where nothing or no 
one would ever harm her again.
     And suddenly, she was there, in that unreachable nest, gliding down 
into a feathersoft resting place.
     "Oooohhhhhhhhh ..." she chanted, "I'm there ... oh it's so good ..."  
Her hips were jerking in a heathen rhythm, and she was mashing her vagina 
down onto Sam Maguire's tiring hand in ceaseless motion, and her hotly 
seeping pussy juices simmered down onto his fingers and lubricated them 
completely as they continued to instigate new and exciting pleasure inside 
her.  Then, finally, when the heated sensations of passion had subsided 
and her body was reduced to convulsive twitching, a blanketing peace came 
over her and suddenly he left her alone to slumber in her long sought 
magic nest.

*     *     *

     Sandra didn't know how long she was asleep, and it was dark when she 
woke.  Blindly, she groped her way into the bedroom, and threw herself 
down on the bed, not bothering to remove her slacks or sweater.  Her 
slacks were slipping down around her hips, but she was too tired to care.  
All the feeling of pleasure had deserted her body, leaving her an empty 
shell of misery and guilt.  She could hardly allow her mind to dwell on 
the disgusting event from which she was just recovering, and her brain, 
almost jeeringly, refused to even reconsider the delight her body had 
experienced, but insisted in emphasizing the lewd aspect of her abhorrent 
submission to the farm hand's lewd handling of her naked vagina.
     Feelings of self-loathing rose up in her and filled her with contempt 
for her own weakness. Kaleidoscopic pictures of her husband in different 
pictures with different girls, performing different prurient acts of self-
gratification tripped through her mind, lascivious embroidery on the 
photographs she had actually seen, and they tormented her into a state of 
humiliated frenzy, until finally she dropped off into a fitful, disturbed 
sleep, her mind insisting in a last crippling blow, you're as bad as he is 
...




Chapter 4

     "For God's sake, Sandra, will you stop shouting?  Do you want 
everyone on the farm to hear you?"  Mike was getting exasperated.  Ever 
since he'd come back to the house for dinner, she'd been nagging at him, 
and it was getting to be more than he could take.  It had been like this 
for several days now.  It seemed to him that his wife was forever harping 
on at him, like a harridan, about one thing or another, and nothing he did 
pleased her.  She seemed to be particularly distressed ever since he came 
back from town, and he wondered worriedly if she had found out about him 
and Eve.  He felt a lightening of his worry when he thought of his blond 
dairy helper - if it weren't for her, and the comfort she gave him over 
the last week or so, he'd have gone out of his mind.
     "You mean you don't want your little blonde girlfriend to hear, isn't 
that it?" Sandra shrieked bitterly.  She knew that she was acting like a 
fishwife, but she didn't care.  The last few days had been hell for her.  
Tormented with guilt over the episode with their hired man when she had 
joyfully reached orgasm from his manipulation, she had taken out her 
feelings on her unsuspecting husband.  The fact that he was rather furtive 
and silent with her didn't help matters, and although she longed for some 
sign of warmth from him, her nagging and complaining prohibited any show 
of tenderness.  Consumed with guilt over her own infidelity, she had no 
trouble in imagining her husband to be engaged in similar action, and she 
was haunted in particular by the photographs she had uncovered.  She felt 
she couldn't trust him - he had concealed a period of stealth and deceit 
from her, a period when he had had numerous adulterous affairs, and she 
had no reason now to think he was not continuing his old ways.
     "You think I don't notice," she went on relentlessly, "but I saw you 
with your arm around that hussy yesterday!  Where were you taking her?  
Into the cow-stall to screw her?"
     Mike flinched under her verbal assault.  He hadn't realized that 
she'd noticed his friendliness with Eve, and hoped that she was only 
guessing wildly about what was going on.
     "Don't be ridiculous!" Mike retorted, feigning nonchalance, his heart 
thudding at the memory of how he had in fact lead Eve towards the hay 
barn.  He tingled even now at the memory of the passionate fire of their 
fucking, how her creamy, resilient body had fused with his as they writhed 
nakedly together on the hay, how she had welcomed him inside her with all 
the certainty of true womanhood.  He shivered as he remembered how her 
tight, eager young pussy had felt as it had contracted like warm, 
throbbing liver around his pumping organ, how her pliant fleshy breasts 
felt under his caressing hands, how her full ripe lips felt as they 
returned his ardent kiss.
     "Hah, you're thinking about her now, aren't you?" Sandra taunted, 
glaring with blazing eyes at him.  "Have you forgotten about all the 
others?"  She felt a stab of triumph when she noticed his sudden 
crimsoning, his quick look of worried fear.
     "You didn't think I knew, did you?" she jeered, enjoying the look of 
perplexity that masked his face.  She hadn't meant to throw it up to him 
about the other women in his life, but somehow, the expression of rapt 
pleasure he assumed when she knew he was thinking about HER, unleashed the 
green-eyed monster in her, and she couldn't hold back.
     "W-what do you mean?" Mike said lamely.  A worried knot of agitation 
was churning in his stomach, and he had an ominous premonition that Sandra 
had found out about his affairs.
     "This is what I mean, you cheating bastard!" Sandra snapped, holding 
aloft a bundle of photographs, which Mike recognized with a sinking heart.  
She had found them!
     "Have you forgotten about this blonde," Sandra jeered, waving a 
snapshot, "the one you're screwing in the ass?"
     Mike blanched under his wife's taunting obscenities.
     "That's enough," he said, his voice icy cold.
     "What about that cute redhead, the one whose pussy you were licking 
and sucking? Have you forgotten her already?" Sandra went on hysterically.
     "Give me those photographs, Sandra," Mike commanded calmly, although 
he was a turmoil of emotion inside.  He had dreaded Sandra ever finding 
those lewd incriminations, and told himself that he should have destroyed 
them. Now he was paying for his procrastination.  He had no idea how he 
was going to extricate himself from the results of his indiscretions, but 
he would worry about that later.  All that mattered now was recovering the 
snapshots.
     "Give-me-the-photographs," he enunciated again, and Sandra felt a 
quiver of fear.  But she was determined not to give in.
     "Like hell I will!" she taunted, and Mike, aggravated by her 
obstinacy, made a grab for them.  Laughing shrilly, she held them up in 
the air, and began to dodge around the sitting room, laughing and 
tittering at her husband's attempts to retrieve the snapshots.
     "Catch me if you can!" she yelled wildly, ducking behind the sofa.  
Mike, snarling with rage, threw himself at the settee, but his agile wife 
slipped out from behind it and once more prancing around the room.
     "Stop that, you little bitch!" Mike spat, incensed at his wife's 
mockery of him.  He made another lunge at her, and this time, managed to 
grab her wrist, holding her immobile.
     "Now give them to me!" he ordered, his breath coming in pants from 
the unaccustomed exertion.
     "Never!" Sandra gasped, looking wildly around the room and struggling 
vainly to escape.
     "I'm afraid you've no choice," Mike jeered, give them to me, or I'll 
take them."  Sandra was desperate.  Somehow withholding the coveted 
snapshots from him was a symbol of some kind of victory over him, and she 
wasn't about to relinquish that so easily.
     "I'm waiting, Sandra," Mike intoned, his fingers digging into her 
wrist.
     "Then wait, you son of a bitch!" Sandra snapped, and with a defiant 
look of triumph, threw the bundle of lewd photographs onto the burning 
fire!
     "You bitch!  You goddamn little bitch!" Mike spat.  She had burned 
his photographs!
     His fingers tightened cruelly around her wrist as he stared at the 
burning photos.  His raging anger had finally mastered his embarrassed 
self-reproach, and her spiteful sarcastic taunts echoed in his mind as the 
pictures burned, the glossy sheen curling and distorting the naked forms.  
As flames engulfed the mass of photographs, he pulled one away from the 
burning heap.
     With unseeing eyes, he stared at the half-burned snapshot, the two 
naked figures on it barely recognizable.  Shame and indignation boiled 
over together in the cauldron of his emotions, and with a growl, he threw 
Sandra down against the large ottoman at the foot of the sofa.
     "I'll make you pay for that, you fucking little bitch!" he screamed, 
clutching wildly at her cardigan and tearing it open, sending several 
buttons flying, and ripping away her bra, revealing her full sensual 
breasts jutting out timidly.  The sight of their naked glory only seemed 
to inflame him further, and he stared at the smooth ivory orbs, his face 
blushing beet red, and the cords of his neck stood out like rawhide.
     "What do you think of that, eh?" he snarled, thrusting the half-
burned picture in front of his terrified wife's eyes.  "Is that what made 
you so disgusted?"
     Sandra tried to turn away from him, but his hand suddenly dipped into 
her shiny black hair and wrenched her head around to face the wretched 
remnant of snapshot, and as her eyes swam with tears, she could barely 
make out the entwining forms on the photo.  The figures were distorted and 
crumpled, but she could see clearly a thick, blood-expanded penis imbedded 
in a small dark anal ring, surrounded by soft white cheeks of deeply 
impaled buttocks!
     Shudders of terror convulsed the cringing woman.  She was deathly 
afraid of the mountain of anger she had moved in her husband, and was 
fearful lest he lose complete control.
     "Well, how did you like that?" he shrieked, pointing at the 
disgusting photograph.
     "Please Mike, I'm sorry, let's ..."
     "It's too late now to be sorry.  You're gonna have to pay for this, 
you little bitch.  I'm sick and tired of listening to you nag and 
complain. I've had all a man can take, you goddamn spoiled bitch!"  His 
teeth were grinding in fury and his face wore an expression of bestial 
sadism.  With a sudden movement, he grabbed her thin skirt, and yanked it 
hard, making the zipper give, so that he was able to rip it from her body.  
She lay there cowering beneath her furious husband, clad only in a thin 
pair of white lacy panties.
     "Oh Mike, please don't!" Sandra whimpered, cringing against the 
ottoman, her arms clasped protectively around her breasts, her legs drawn 
up to protect the fulcrum of her body.
     Mike stood over, a curious lust-satisfied look on his contorted face.
     "Now let's see how brave you are!" he taunted, grabbing her again by 
the wrist, and throwing her face downward on the leather-covered hassock.  
Cruelly, he forced her face down onto the hard leather, his fingers 
locking in her hair. He could hear her blubbering into the ottoman, but 
her terrified fear only incensed him.  His eyes travelled down the milky 
whiteness of her body, resting on the graceful flare of her panty-covered 
hips.  He could see the twin orbs of her silky smooth ass clenched 
together beneath the flimsy material, and as he stared, a jeering memory 
of all the nights of cold, unsatisfying sex he had experienced with his 
complaining wife, came back to haunt him, and something boiled over inside 
him when he realized that she had been able to make him ashamed of his own 
natural masculine instincts.  But even as he stared at the shivering 
figure of the helpless Sandra, he felt a familiar twinge that began in the 
pit of his loins, and rapidly spread to send his pulsating prick climbing 
into hard turgidity. He could feel his hardening rod pressuring against 
the fabric of his pants, and it was hot and throbbing against his inner 
thigh.  The realization that she could still excite him, after what she 
had put him through, angered him to boiling point.
     Angrily, he pulled down the last vestige of decency down over his 
wife's curvaceously rounded bips, and discarded the sheer panties on the 
floor.  Her delicate ass cheeks stood out unprotected, vulnerable, the 
flicker pattern of the hearth fire shining over her soft polished flesh.  
Barely discernable between her quivering legs was the soft dark fleece of 
her pubic hair, and beneath it the faint sheen of her trembling little 
vaginal split.
     Breathing hard, Mike placed his hands on the quivering spheres of 
alabaster flesh, and slowly drew the palpitating mounds apart.
     Staring for a moment at the crinkled brown ring of her little rectum, 
Mike reached forward and probed experimentally at it with his finger.  
"Oooohhhhhh ... ! !" Sandra jerked forward as though she had been prodded
by a hot coal. The high sprawling ottoman blocked her effort to draw away, 
and there was nothing she could do but submit.  Mike's fingers were 
worming mercilessly up between the tender globes, holding her painfully in 
place.  Sandra felt resistance drain from her.  Her body was helpless, to 
be used as he desired - the responsibility was out of her control.
     Mike ran his hands slowly up her smooth inner thigh all the way to 
the hair-lined lips of her moistened cunt.
     "Mmmmm ..." he slavered, his balls tingling with renewed excitement.  
There was something luridly arousing about the submissively kneeling 
posture of his wife, and he felt a soaring feeling of power as he sensed 
her terrified acquiescence.  His palms spread over the smooth glossy ass-
cheeks, cupping them firmly and slowly pulling them even further apart.  
The skin around her anus was straining outward as he pulled tighter and 
his fingers probed sharply at the puckered little ring like punishing 
electric needles.
     "C'mon," he rasped bitterly, "spread 'em wide, real wide!"  Sandra 
moaned under her husband's crude demand.  She tried weakly to flare her 
buttocks, to do what he asked her, ever fearful of arousing his violent 
temper.
     Mike continued to tease at the puckered little circle with his 
finger, relishing her agonized cringe against the unnatural contact, while 
his other hand kneaded without mercy at the soft buttock mounds.  Bending 
his reddened face downward, he lashed out with his long moist tongue, and 
swept it along the length of the quivering crevice, leaving a shimmering 
wet salival path between her trembling globes.  Sandra couldn't control a 
shudder of revulsion on feeling his tongue there, and she could barely 
suppress a gasp as he suddenly bit viciously into her pliant buttocks, 
covering the soft sensitive flesh with sharp little bites.  Then his 
pointed tongue was probing at the tiny exposed anal mouth, testing and 
teasing, trying to stretch the tightly-clenched, unyielding ring of her 
asshole.
     "Oh my God, my God," Sandra sobbed, why is he doing that to me?  Is 
this really my own husband torturing me like this?
     Mike was jubilant when he heard her fresh sobs.  That'll teach the 
little bitch to play games with me, he thought venomously, suddenly 
ripping down the zipper of his pants, and releasing the long swollen 
length of his lust-hardened cock.  He sighed with relief from the feeling 
of freedom as the hotly throbbing rod jutted up proudly in the air.  
Stretching the straining white buttocks even more, he lay the full length 
of the palpitating member between her open ass-globes, resting the smooth 
bloated head against the tight little opening of her anus. Gleefully, he 
began to slide his heavy protuberance up and down the exposed brownish 
valley, a drop of premature semen lubricating the hungrily searching tip.
     He placed the swollen head of his blood-engorged penis against the 
small hairless opening, and aided by his insistent fingers, the giant rod 
began to push and buffet against her nakedly defenseless rectum.
     Although she tried to suppress the nauseating thought, Sandra was 
struck by the realization of what her husband had in mind for her. He was 
going to try to sink his huge hardened penis into her rectum!  IT WOULD 
KILL HER!  How could she take it?  It would tear her in half - the pain 
would drive her out of her mind.  And worst of all was the realization 
that her husband was really capable of this depraved act!
     Her dazed thoughts ran back to those horrible photographs.  Etched on 
her mind irrevocably was the image of his animalistic penetration anally 
of that lewd blonde - the look of debased pleasure on her face.  Sandra 
shivered in revulsion and as she did, her tiny puckered sphincter brushed 
against her husband's rock-hard prick, electrifying her with the insistent 
reality of her own shamefully kneeling position.
     Tears ran from her eyes and streamed down her cheeks.  She began to 
sob, low whining sounds, and struggled weakly to release her behind from 
her husband's sadistic grip.
     "Shut up and hold still!" Mike snarled, and Sandra forced a stop to 
the convulsive quivering of her body.  With a sudden, vicious lunge, Mike 
tried to shove his hot, throbbing prick through the tight rubbery opening.  
But it wouldn't go!  It was too big!  It pushed harshly against the 
unyielding membrane and Mike cursed softly at his momentary defeat.  
Sandra was shaking; she couldn't expect any escape from the depraved act 
that was to be performed on her.  She only clenched shut her eyes, trying 
not to think, hoping that whatever was going to happen to her, would 
happen fast and be over with.  For the very first time in her married 
life, she was desperately, deathly afraid of her husband, and she quaked 
under her terrifying fear.
     Her face was numb from being pressed down into the leather and her 
whole body ached from the cramped awkwardness of her position.  For a 
moment, a split second, she had been relieved that his huge penis had 
failed to pierce her anal passage, and had nurtured the faint hope that he 
would give up his disgusting intention.  But he was trying again!
     "AAAAARRRGGGHHHHHHHH ...! !  Oh God, stop it!"  A blinding, tearing 
pain shot up her back bone.  She felt a slight popping sensation at her 
anus and ... OH GOD, HE WAS IN!  Her own husband was raping her rectum! 
The startling pain took away her breath.  The stretching, groping in her 
back passage was unbearable - as if someone were trying to plug her up 
back there with a huge barrel cork.
     Mike was surprised at the virginal tightness of her anal passage.  He 
hadn't expected so much resistance and his anger had steadily mounted as 
his patience drained away.  His hard insistent cock was demanding 
satisfaction, and now he had finally inserted it just inside the tight 
rubbery circle.
     The lust-maddened husband lurched forward again, sinking more of the 
enormous shaft into his wife's tiny tortured rectum.
     "UUUGGGHhhhhhhhnnnnnnnn ... oh no! NOOOOooooooo ..."
     Sandra's pelvis bucked and jerked against her husband's maniacal 
impalement, the barbaric pain giving her new strength.  Futilely, she 
twisted and gyrated, trying to shake off the brutal skewering of her 
flesh, but Mike only grinned lasciviously and inserted his massive cock 
farther into her inflamed back passage, drilling mercilessly up the 
virginal channel.
     Violent, shattering pain racked Sandra's body and choked sobs caught 
raspingly in her throat. She was hopelessly caught on his merciless rod. 
Mike pulled at her hips in a relentless, inflexible grip, flexing his 
loins as he inched even deeper into her tightly resisting sheath.  She 
squirmed desperately, tugging her severed asscheeks away from his granite-
hard member, but her struggles only helped to bury the devastation of the 
advancing cock further into her agonized rectal canal.  The stiff 
circumference of her husband's cock stretched the tender ring of her ass 
until it seemed to clutch in helpless desperation at the huge pole and 
suck it even deeper into its violated interior.
     "Oh Mike, please stop! please stop ... I can't stand it!" she sobbed 
piteously.
     But Mike only gritted his teeth, and with a final savage grunt, 
ground the full length of his monstrous shaft into her tortured passage.  
He had buried the full length of the elongated rod in her soft, brutalized 
flesh!
     Mike hesitated for a second, enjoying the tight, inflamed throbbing 
of his wife's sensitively throbbing rectum around his deeply imbedded 
prick.  Then he began a slow, abrasive pulling out of the extended shaft.  
His withdrawal along the stolen path brought fresh moans of new pain from 
his tormented wife, pulling it out until just the swollen bulbous head 
alone remained engulfed by the clinging flesh of her ass.  Then, closing 
his eyes in lustful pleasure, he once again rammed its merciless bulk into 
her now forever stretched anal channel, feeling the smooth buttery cheeks 
of her whitely rounded buttocks settle quiveringly around his hardening 
balls, as he once more sunk every inch of it in her tortured depths.  He 
began a slow sawing motion in and out of her, the movement becoming easier 
as her distended rectum relaxed a little and allowed his rummaging cock to 
pursue its bestial rape.
     Sandra moaned and whimpered as he sodomized her, her body lost in a 
labyrinth of pain. She had never felt so totally abased and humiliated in 
her life.  Not even Sam, the hired hand's, lustful fingerfucking of her 
naked vagina compared to the ignominy of this horrible anal rape by her 
own husband.  She wished that the ground would swallow her up, because she 
didn't think she could ever hold her head up again.
     Mike continued his illicit fucking, his pile-driving pelvis pounding 
against her upturned backside, his leaden penis churning deeper and deeper 
into the softness of her violated interior, slapping his loins against her 
wet buttocks, his mind lost in the abandoned perversity of the vicious 
anal fucking he was giving her.
     His breath stiffened and he began to gasp in short rasping snorts.  
His cock ached beyond belief and seemed to inflate even more as the sperm, 
boiling in his steaming, writhing balls, clamored for release.
     The massive rod began to slice faster and faster in and out of the 
wide stretched rectum, and Sandra tried to ease the cramped muscles of her 
buttocks, to lessen if she could the excruciating pain.  She felt her 
husband's hands clutch even more convulsively into her now slightly 
bruised buttocks, roaming over her hips.  His pelvic thrusts pounded 
wildly against her numbed and flattened ass cheeks hard against her hip 
bones as he began to shout strange growling sounds, mingled with threats 
and lewd obscenities.
     His body stiffened, swivelled only at the hips, his toes dug against 
the floor.
     "Hump back, bitch ... move your fucking goodie, goodie ass ..."  He 
shrieked insanely through tightly clenched teeth.  "Oh God, I'm cumming 
now, I'm cuummmiiinnnggg in your asshole ...!!!  AAAGGGHHHHHHH ...!!"
     He buffeted against her, a final breathtaking clap of flesh against 
flesh, his lust-stiffened rod knifing into unfathomed depths of her 
agonized rectum.  A scalding white-hot stream of liquid shot into her 
hotly clenching anus, searing the mercilessly ravaged membrane.  He jerked 
against her like a rag doll shook by an angry child, her thighs and 
buttocks crushed by the violence of his final assault, as he emptied the 
full measure of his thick burning semen into her forever-stretched anal 
passage.
     Then he fell forward, flattening the lovely curves of his wife's body 
under his distended bulk.
     She lay there, dry sobs convulsing her as his softening penis slid 
out of her wet, sperm-flooded anus, feeling soiled, dirtied forever by her 
husband's vengeful attack on her helpless anus, her bowels gurgling 
slightly from the heated pool of it he had hosed up into her.




Chapter 5

     Sandra lavishly applied the black eyeliner, rimming her clear green 
eyes heavily.  Coupled with the woody brown eye shadow she had smoothed 
onto her eyelids, she had achieved a stunning effect, and her eyes had a 
hazy, smouldering look.  Several coats of black mascara on her long dark 
lashes completed her eye make-up, and she decided to have another cup of 
coffee before putting on her lipstick.
     She poured herself a cup from the still-simmering coffee pot, and 
added a liberal dash of brandy.  She liked the combination, and felt 
herself beginning to relax as she leaned back against her chair, relishing 
the steaming aromatic brew.  It was her third such cup already this 
morning, and she was glad that she had decided to add brandy, because its 
tranquilizing effect was salve to her troubled soul.  She knew she was 
also feeling a little better because Mike would be out for the day, 
supervising the laying down of a new electric fence at the boundary of 
their property.  The last few days had been hell for Sandra.  Mike had 
tried several times to make up with her, apologizing for his dreadful 
behavior, but somehow, Sandra felt she had passed the point of no return.  
She felt a shudder of revulsion every time she looked at her husband, and 
the memory of the bestial anal assault he had perpetrated on her seared 
her brain like a branding iron, giving no respite to her jumbled thoughts 
of revenge and hate.  She had retreated into herself since that terrible 
evening, refusing to listen to his feeble explanations, her hurt and 
disgust feeding and strengthening the anger that was germinating inside 
her, a slow, seething anger that wouldn't be appeased quickly.  This 
morning again, just before he left for the day, Mike had lost his temper 
with her once more.
     "All right, have it your way!" he'd yelled, "If you want to sulk like 
a child, go ahead.  But don't expect me to get down on my hands and knees 
to you."
     "And don't forget, you're not exactly a model wife yourself!" he'd 
hurled at her as he slammed the door.  His last rebuke had stung most of 
all.  Her husband had bit nearer the truth than he'd imagined.  Her record 
wasn't exactly spotless, she thought bitterly, remembering her 
unadulterated ecstasy as Sam Maguire had fingered her freely in the secret 
confines of her eager vagina.  A shudder ran through her now as she 
involuntarily relived the scraping, titillating feel of his coarsened 
fingers as they slid up the tight, contracting sheath of her cuntal 
passage, how his hard hand felt as it squeezed mercilessly on her breasts, 
evoking a strange sort of pleasure through the unbearable pain.  Many 
times during the past week, Sandra had puzzled over her mind and body's 
acquiescence to his lewd handling, wondering, in the clear light of 
following days, how she could have let herself give in to him.  She 
realized that he had thrown her completely off balance by his disclosure 
that he had watched her through the office window as she had made herself 
experience orgasmic release with her own fingers, and also the fact that 
he seemed to be intimately familiar with those pornographic pictures had 
stunned her.  But she forced herself to admit that in addition, he had 
overpowered her by his self-assurance, and his crude masculine way of 
dominating her.  Again she felt a tingle chill her spine as she recalled 
his roughness with her, his complete disregard for her expressed feelings.  
There was something perversely exciting to her, she acknowledged now as 
she finished her coffee, in the way he had treated her, even abused her.  
There was little pinpricks of fire niggling between her legs and she 
realized that she had been grinding her pubic region down unconsciously 
against the upholstery of the chair in a lewd rhythmic motion.  She stood 
up, swaying a little and had to steady herself against the table.  Her 
head felt pleasantly afloat, and her body felt warm and light.  She made 
her way back to the bedroom, and hurriedly applied a vivid splash of 
lipstick and ran her brush through her gleaming hair. She had no clear 
idea of what she was going to do, but the thought foremost in her mind was 
a desire for revenge.  She had to retaliate on Mike for the unforgiveable 
thing he had done to her! There was something else, too, a gnawing aching 
emptiness deep inside her, like a worm eating away at her.  Her body felt 
restless and taut, and she knew it was because she had not made love for 
several weeks.  She had become accustomed to regular sexual intercourse 
during the years of her marriage and her body was reacting to this 
neglect.  Mike wasn't interested in her anymore, that was obvious.  But 
Sam was! There was no denying that the farm worker was definitely 
interested in her and her flagging ego in its desperation found the 
thought not unattractive.  She suddenly longed for masculine attention, a 
little appreciation of her as a woman, even a little flirting!
     Almost without realizing it, she wandered out of the house and found 
herself in the yard. The brightness of the sun seared her eyes and made 
her feel a trifle dizzy, but she became accustomed to it after a few 
moments and began to feel better.  She was wearing a light cotton knit 
dress which she knew was too short for her, really, falling as it did to 
just the top of her thighs.  The light material stretched tightly across 
her full, unconfined breasts, and she knew that the horizontal stripe 
pattern added to the general provocativeness of the dress.
     She found, to her mingled dismay and surprise, that she was almost 
desperately looking for Sam, her eyes darting back and forth among the 
scattered outbuildings, trying to catch a glimpse of his burly figure.  He 
was no where in sight, and feeling a pang of disappointment, Sandra began 
to head back for the house.  What do I care if I see him or not?  I'm not 
interested in a mere farm worker, she told herself, walking slowly in the 
direction of the house.
     Then she heard his voice, calling the dog, coming from the direction 
of the barn where the recently calved cows were housed.  Her heart began 
to pound in her ribcage, and she had to stop herself from running over to 
the shed.  What's come over me? she asked herself, acting like a lovesick 
teenager!
     She stood in the doorway, and peered around in the dim interior.
     "Morning, Mrs. Peters!" Sam's gruff voice rang out, and the dog 
suddenly rushed up to her, sniffing excitedly at her ankles, his big 
shaggy tail wagging furiously.
     "Down, King, Sam ordered, and the friendly collie crept away 
unhappily, and lay down by Sam's feet.
     "Hello, Sam," Sandra replied, her voice stiff and unnatural.  Her 
hands felt clammy, and she was sure there were beads of perspiration on 
her face.  I shouldn't have come here!  She fought to control a wave of 
fear which was swelling inside her, the man's quietness, the still, dusky 
interior of the barn, frightening her unreasonably.
     "That's some dress you're wearing, Ma'am," Sam praised, and Sandra 
found herself flushing.
     "T-thank you, Sam," she floundered, not knowing what to say.
     "Well, what can I do for you this morning?" Sam drawled, an arrogant 
note in his voice. Sandra could only see the glowing tip of his cigarette 
- the rest of him was lost in the murkiness of the barn.  It irritated her 
that he could see her clearly, silhouetted against the doorway, and 
exasperated, she stepped inside.
     She almost stumbled, her feet unaccustomed to the deceptive softness 
of the straw, and she had to put a hand out on the rough wall to steady 
herself.
     "Are you all right?" Sam asked, and Sandra froze when she realized 
that his voice was closer, much closer.  Her eyes were dazzled by the 
brilliant sunshine and she just couldn't see a thing!
     "W-where are you?" she asked in a small voice, fear suddenly taking 
hold of her again.
     "AAAGGGHHHHHHH ... ! ! !" Sandra screamed as she felt strong hard 
arms around her, clasping her tightly, and then tobacco-scented breath hot 
on her face.
     "Stop it!  Let me go!" she hissed, struggling desperately to escape 
as her courage to go through with her plan faded in her mind.
     Then his mouth was on hers, his lips bruising against hers in a 
sweltering unrelenting kiss, his tongue, wet and hard pressing against her 
teeth, forcing entry, coupling lewdly with her own mutinous tongue.  
Sandra was fighting for breath as just as suddenly as she had begun, she 
ceased to struggle under the farm worker's illicit embrace.  All fight 
went from her body, and as her fear diminished, she realized that she was 
beginning to enjoy being grasped roughly in her husband's employee's arms, 
to enjoy his hard grinding kiss on her tender lips. His tongue swirled 
around in her velvety mouth, and he was crushing her breasts against his 
chest, and Sandra could feel the hem of her tight dress riding up on her 
hips.  She gasped as she felt Sam's knee pry apart her thighs, and then 
moaned involuntarily as she felt the bony kneecap rub unremittingly 
against the burning zone of her vagina.  His crude caress awoke the sparks 
that had kindled in her sensitive pussy earlier that morning and she found 
herself grinding her throbbingly warm flesh against the hardness of his 
knee.  It seemed to her as if the kiss lasted an eternity, and then, 
abruptly, he threw her down on a bed of straw, and Sandra fell clumsily, 
her legs sprawling uncontrollably.
     Sam smiled to himself as he stared for a moment at the spreadeagled 
woman.  He caught an enticing gleam of white panties up between her legs 
as she fell, and a shiver of anticipation coursed through him.  His eyes 
were riveted on the expanse of smooth milky thigh which be could see 
clearly, accustomed as he was to the dim light, and his prick gave an 
excited spasm. His mouth was on fire from the passion of their kiss, and 
it was all he could do to restrain himself from pouncing on her and taking 
her right then and there.  But he had other plans for his boss' hot pants 
little wife.  He knew right away what was on her mind when he had seen her 
standing in the doorway, barely covered in that scrap of a dress, her face 
painted like some street slut.  She wants cock, that's what she wants, 
even if she's fightin' it, and ol' Sam is only too ready to oblige the 
boss' wife!
     Sandra lay panting on the ground, her dress still askew, hardly 
daring to move.  She felt helpless.  His kiss had overwhelmed her, and 
although she wanted to get up and run from this dreadful place, she just 
couldn't.  She quivered as she felt his hands on her again, feeling, 
squeezing, caressing, running down the length of her flattened body, 
sending coarse shivers of pleasure rippling through her awakening flesh. 
She sucked in her breath as she felt the roughness of his palm on her 
naked thigh, felt it slither up the smooth creamy skin, realized that his 
fingers were tugging at the soft flimsy material of her panties.  Her head 
was spinning, the brandy she had gulped down taking a loosening carefree 
effect on her.  She found her hips arching, to help him ease off the thin 
nylon panties, and in a daze, she felt them sliding down over her hips and 
thighs to her ankles, where they were discarded in a useless little heap 
on the hay.
     "Mmmmmmmm ..." she sighed as she felt his thick fingers graze against 
the softness of her palpitating pussy lips, felt their tips dip against 
the growing moistness of her velvet soft folds.  She felt his hot breath 
as he peered down at her, and then he plunged his middle finger into the 
wet, viscous hole of her trembling cunt, and she jackknifed against him, 
her legs shooting out on either side, to allow his invading fingers deeper 
and easier access to the mounting furnace of her tight hot pussy.  His 
fingers grovelled around in the slippery channel of her cunt, drubbed the 
hardened knob of her blood-filled clitoris, searched and probed among the 
secret wet crevices and creases of her nubile young vagina.  Her entire 
body felt aflame, and she was lost in lust, oblivious of the fact of how 
lewdly she was sprawled on the straw, how obscenely she spread her legs to 
allow the workman to allow.  It was what she wanted, the feel of male 
hands on her body, to feel the rising beat in every pore of her flesh 
which signalled the coming of the climax for which her love-starved body 
craved.  She didn't really care whose hands were manipulating her crotch, 
whose fingers were whirling around inside her buttery-soft cuntal sheath.  
She didn't care what happened!  All she wanted was the joyous ecstasy of 
release, and oh God, she was going to get it!
     Sam smirked down at the twitching, writhing body spread out below 
him.  God, the high and mighty little bitch is really getting hot, she's 
really ready for it now!  Let's see what she thinks of the surprise Uncle 
Sammy has for her ...
     He withdrew his fingers from the excitedly pulsating lips of her 
pussy and he heard her gasp with disappointment.
     "Oh please, don't stop now ... I'm nearly there ..." the passion-
wracked woman sighed piteously.
     Sam gave a laughing leer, and then snapped out: "Here, King!"
     Sandra, in the throes of her thwarted orgasm, heard uncomprehendingly 
Sam's command, and felt near to tears from her so nearly won climax.  Oh, 
if only he hadn't stopped ...
     Then, it started again!  Only this time, it was a thick wet tongue, 
warm and curling, that was slavering along the quivering folds of her 
passion-inflated pussy, sending eddies of new pleasure drifting through 
her.  She felt a momentary stab of horror at the thought of a tongue 
licking so intimately up between her open legs, but it was lost in the 
wave of pleasure which engulfed her, and eagerly, she thrust her pelvis 
upward, grinding her bare bottom against the straw, bumping in crude tempo 
with the frantic licking of the demonic tongue.
     "Oh God Sam, it feels so good, so good she sighed, unable to control 
the spasms of ecstasy convulsing her.  She had to have more of it, she had 
to have that tongue deeper inside her, had to feel it in every tiny nerve 
end of her excitedly flooding pussy ...
     Savagely, her hands reached down to force his face further and harder 
down on the burning fulcrum of her body ...
     Instead of Sam's wiry red hair, her hands met with soft silky fur, 
long, satin-haired ears ...
     "OH GOD NOOOOOOOOO ..."  Her scream shattered the silence of the barn 
as it reverberated throughout the high-ceilinged shed.  Realization 
dawned, followed by an immediate retching nausea, on the lust-demented 
woman. Too late she remembered Sam's command, "Here, King!"  Suffocated 
with repulsion, she realized the truth.  The dog was crouching down 
between her thighs licking her vagina!
     Sam was delighted with the progress of his plan.  He derived a 
perverse thrill from watching the golden shape crouched between his proud 
screaming boss' wife's legs, watching the shivers of ecstasy which still 
lingered, despite her almost insane revulsion at the act being performed 
on her.
     "Attaboy, King!" Sam praised, proud of the trick he had taught the 
willing dog.
     "For God's sake, Sam, make him stop ... please ..." the desperate 
woman wailed, but even as she did so, new spasms of unbelievable sensation 
were twisting her into incredible knots of sensual fervour.  She couldn't 
help it!  It was too late for the revulsion and horror in her mind to 
register with the rebellion in her body. It was too late!
     "OOOOOhhhhhhhh, keep sucking ... keep succckkkiiinngg!!"
     Her hands dashed down again and entangled themselves in the golden 
fur on the dog's head, pressing his nose and swirling tongue further into 
the wet, tangled flesh of her throbbing pussy.  She felt the cold wet nose 
press against the maddened bulb of her clitoris, felt his hairy shoulders 
rub against her sensitive inner thighs. The dog was licking her pussy, and 
she was loving it, and she was going to cum!
     "AAAAAAZHHHHHHHHHH ... Ohmygod, I'm there ... I'm ... 
cuummmmiiinnnggggg ..."  Her shrieks rang out, and desperately she ground 
her pussy down against the wet, lubricant soaked snout of the laboring 
animal, her thighs closing in his head like a scissors, her buttocks 
mashing uncontrollably against the hay, as wave after hot flushing wave of 
tremendous pleasure washed over her, bringing her back again and again to 
the shore of calmness, only to toss her once more in a raging sea of her 
unleashed desire.
     Finally, the cumming was over, and the dog slunk away from the 
widespread legs of the exhausted woman, and padded over to Sam, who gave 
him a perfunctory pat on his moistened head.
     "Good boy, King," Sam beamed, his own prick a hardened lump of lust-
inflated flesh.  His teeth bared in a sadistic leer, he headed over to 
where the dazed woman was panting, trying to get her breathing back to 
normal.
     "Are you ready for me now, babe?" be rasped, hovering over her.
     "Get away from me!" Sandra screamed with vitriolic suddenness, her 
hands reaching up for Sam's face.  He tried to slip to one side, but her 
nails caught his cheek, raking it savagely, leaving four red weals of 
crimson blood in their wake.
     "You little bitch!" Sam spat, "Now, I'm really gonna teach you a 
lesson ..."
     But fear made Sandra agile, and she leaped nimbly to her feet, 
heedless of her discarded shoes and panties, forgetting to pull down her 
dress, and dashed towards the doorway, anxious only to escape this lewd 
monster who had subjected her to such a debasing ordeal.
     But the farm hand, too, was quick, and before she reached the safety 
of the doorway, she felt his hand close viciously over her wrist.
     "Oh, leave me alone ..." she sobbed helplessly, "let me go ..."  She 
tried to struggle, but it was useless.  Sam was much the stronger of the 
two, and he pinned her cruelly against the wall.
     "Now, my haughty beauty," he snarled, "you'll have to make up to me 
for this," his hand pointing towards his painful scratches.
     "Take your filthy hands off me!" she screamed, revulsion shuddering 
through her.
     "WAAAGGGHHHHHHH ..." she screamed suddenly as she felt the full 
weight of his open palm against her face.  Tears sprung to her eyes and 
cascaded down her face, stinging her smarting cheek.
     "I'm sorry, Sam," she sobbed desperately, "please let me go."
     "Don't forget it's my turn now!  King had his chance," he snickered, 
"now it's mine!"
     "Oh please Sam, I couldn't take any more ..."
     Sam's only answer was to wrench her dress higher still, and run his 
hands down the quivering curve of her hips.  She trembled under his rough 
touch and tried to cringe against the cold cement of the wall, her soft 
ovoid buttocks squashing against the hard surface.  Terrified, she heard 
the whirr of his zipper and then she heard Sam grunt.
     "Look at what I've got for you, bitch!" he spat, and involuntarily, 
Sandra's eyes dropped. In the semi-darkness she could just make out the 
herculean erection of his bulging prick, and she couldn't suppress a gasp.
     "Like it, eh?" he snarled, pressing closer, and then, Sandra felt the 
slightly moistened head rub against her thigh, hard and rubbery and 
relentless.  Oh God, help me ... she sobbed inwardly, shrinking helplessly 
against the wall.
     She felt his hot breath coating her face and then his knee was 
forcing itself between her clamped-together thighs, prying them apart. She 
tried to hold them together, but couldn't. She moaned aloud as she felt 
the hard rubbery head of his bulbous cock jut against her quivering 
vaginal flesh, still moist and tingling from her so recent ecstatic 
release.  Lewdly, he teased the tip around the fleshy, blood-swollen outer 
lips, nudging her tender membrane unbearably, parting the softly curling 
pubic hair and guiding the monstrous erection inexorably towards the 
small, trembling opening to her quaking body.
     Sam held his aching prick poised against her sensitive little cuntal 
hole, his eyes bulging at the sight of the frightened, shaking woman in 
his power.  He loved the feeling of mastery which he had, the knowledge 
that he held in his hand the instrument which would he was sure, subjugate 
her completely to his will.  He couldn't believe it was really happening 
at last, that his proud mistress was forced to bend to his wish.  Now, 
he'd pay her back for her nose-in-the-air attitude, show her that he was a 
man, after all, and not just an automaton working on the farm.  Yes, he'd 
show her ... and with a brutal snarl, he lurched forward.
     "AAAARRRRRGGGGHHHHHHHH ... Oh stop it, please stop it, it hurts, it 
hurtttsss ..."
     Sandra's hips thrashed wildly, trying to dislodge the huge, hardened 
rod of driving male flesh which had succeeded in penetrating her, the hard
lipped head lodged just up inside the softness of her vaginal passage.  
The pain of his sudden, splitting entrance blinded her, and her buttocks 
were sore and raw from being forced back against the wall.  Desperate, she 
grasped the stocky shoulders of the hired hand and tried to force him 
back, to give her some release from the shattering pain, but it was no 
use.  He didn't move, just surged forward again.
     "UGGGHHHnnnnnnnnn ..." Sandra sobbed again under the force of another 
thick inch being sunk up inside her tortured cunt.  Sam was beside himself 
with self-congratulation as he listened to the half impaled wife of his 
boss' desperately pleading cries, and encouraged by her pain, continued to 
press forward into the tender, widely stretching walls of her naked pussy.
     "NOOOOOoooooooo ..." Sandra wailed again as with a bestial lunge, he 
succeeded in sinking every widely-expanded inch of his pounding prick in 
her wetly clasping glove-like interior.
     He left his mammoth cock imbedded there for a moment, the rubbery 
head tipping against the soft yielding membrane of her cervix, and then 
began to withdraw it, looking gleefully at the tendrils of soft pink skin 
and moistened pubic hairs which clung to the hardened pole. Then he 
viciously rammed forward again, impaling the suffering woman as completely 
as before, feeling the contracting interior of her vaginal wall throb 
softly around his palpitating prick.
     He began to fuck in and out of her, trying to establish a rhythm, 
each forward thrust lifting the horrified girl completely off her feet, 
crushing her tender ass-cheeks mercilessly against the rough wall, his 
balls slapping like a wet towel against her moistened inner thighs.
     Sandra felt mortified beyond imagination. Never had she felt so 
debased in her whole life, not even when her husband had assaulted her 
anally.  Yet, she was fully aware that she had willingly come here, and 
had submitted to his fingering, being aroused to the point where she no 
longer had the will to fight when the dog had started licking her.  She 
had actually reached release from the animal's frantic licking!  And now, 
she was being fucked, yes, fucked, liked some two-bit whore, stood up 
against the wall, her dress bunched lewdly around her hips, while this 
lowly farm hand, her husband's employee, was pumping like a jack hammer 
into her helplessly exposed vagina.  God, she couldn't bear it!
     "Hump back, baby.  Put some life into that hot little pussy ..." Sam 
panted as he swung his pelvis rhythmically, crashing into her like some 
giant pendulum, "move that pussy of yours, you little bitch ... "
     Sandra was revulsed by his crude words.  Her body seemed to have 
become immune to his coarse assault, and she no longer cared what happened 
to her.  She was lost, lost!  Mike didn't care what happened to her, and 
now Sam, their own employee, was using her as a receptacle for his own 
debased desire.
     As the impassioned workman continued to pound into her, Sandra again 
began to feel the stirrings of change deep within her.  At first, she 
couldn't believe it was happening, but then, after a while, it was 
undeniable.  Needlepoints of lewdly kindled pleasure were beginning to 
pinch her, sending little ripples of delight coursing through her.  She 
was beginning to enjoy it!  Her rational mind was aghast at the lewd 
rebellion in her body, and she tried to quell it, but it was no use.  Her 
body was reacting in an age-old way, over which she had no control.  She 
was a woman, and her womanly flesh was responding to a man's lustfully 
driving cock inside her, the way it had from the beginning of time.  Her 
body and consequently her reactions were out of her control!
     She began to mewl with pleasure through tightly clenched teeth, 
unwilling to let her adversary know of his victory, but he had already 
sensed her submission and was jubilant.  Her body was more yielding, 
fighting less and less against his intrusion, until finally it was swaying 
in pagan rhythm with his own fucking, her hips grinding forward to welcome 
his massive shaft deeply up inside her belly, her softly quivering 
buttocks pressing hard back against the wall, to draw out the pleasure of 
his slow, teasing withdrawals.  Oh Christ, he thought dazedly, this is 
better than I thought it would be ... the bitch really knows how to fuck 
...
     Sandra was moaning now with the intensity of her desire.  Every 
particle of her body was crying out for satiation, and her pores seemed to 
open in welcome to the force of Sam's feverish screwing.  Every nerve 
ending was trembling with passion, and the ache in her loins grew with 
each long, clean stroke of the hired hand's gigantic prick.  She felt 
aroused as she never had before.  Mike had never been able to awake her to 
this degree, and she had thought that she must forever forget true sexual 
arousal as she felt sure it would be.  But this crude, rough and ready 
farm worker, by the very lewdness of his actions, had unlocked the key to 
her responses, and was illiciting unknown reactions in her.  She was 
desperate for release, yet she hoped the wonderful sensations inside her 
would never cease.
     "Mmmmmmmm ... Sam, oh it's so nice, sooo nice ..." she gasped, her 
hands shooting down and clasping his hips, pulling him closer to her. She 
felt she couldn't have enough of him, and her pussy was sucking 
desperately at his cock in an attempt to engulf more and more of his 
delicious penis up inside it.
     Sam was perspiring, his short frame hot and cold in turn as he fucked 
wildly into the hungrily squirming woman.  He knew that he couldn't hold 
out any longer, and he wanted to, because this was definitely the best 
fuck of his life.  He wanted to make it last but ...
     "Oh God woman, grind that ass of yours ... I'm ... going ... to ... 
CUUUMMMMM ... !!!  AHHHHHHHHH ... !"
     Sam was gyrating like a whiplash, his pelvis crashing and battering 
Sandra with renewed strength as he felt the rumble of his hot boiling 
sperm deep in the darkness of his balls and then he felt the headlong rush 
of the fomenting seed as it gushed along the pipe of his bulging prick and 
rushed out in a frothy waterfall into the desperately sucking cavern of 
Sandra's wildly writhing cunt.  From the deep daze of his cumming, he 
heard Sandra cry out in an agonized, delighted tone.
     "UUUUUUMMmmmmmmmmm ... I'm cumming!  I'm cumming!  I'm ... 
AAAAGGGHHHHHHHHH ..."  And her body, too, was tossing like a gyroscope, a 
bottle adrift at sea, the only lifeline being the relentless pole of Sam's 
battering prick which continued to shoot incredible spurts of creamy 
hotness into her hungrily contracting pussy.  She continued to moan as the 
rising tide of her orgasm swept over her like a tidal wave and finally 
engulfed her, only it wasn't fearsome as she supposed, only sweet and 
heavenly and gentle, bobbing her along on its crest like a complacent 
gull, and she was riding the beautiful white surf, pleased and relaxed in 
her new found proficiency, forgetting the reality of being fucked up 
against the wall, remembering only the unbelievable sheets of pleasure 
which billowed over her, bathing her with an ecstasy she had never 
experienced before.  It was Sam, the hired man, who had initiated her into 
the wonderful realm of sun-drencbed pleasure, and as she felt his limp, 
spent penis slip exhausted from her, and felt at last the quieting of her 
own internal earthquakes, she slithered down onto the softness of the hay, 
allowing herself, legs still spread wide, to drift off into a blissful 
euphoria, into which Sam, and only Sam, had given her a ticket of 
admission.




Chapter 6

     "Yes, I have to admit I belong to the 'Ban DDT' camp," Jeff McLean 
drawled as he sipped the Scotch and soda Sandra had fixed for him.  He 
leaned back comfortably in the wing chair, and Sandra found herself 
thinking how attractive the veterinarian looked, his handsome face boyish 
under his mop of dark brown hair.
     "I admit it has its drawbacks," Sandra replied thoughtfully, "but 
surely its usefulness outweighs any disadvantages."
     She felt curiously elated, a girlish thrill surging through her as 
she talked with McLean.  He had lingered in the kitchen after attending to 
the cows, giving them their annual Tuberculosis test, and had accepted 
with alacrity her offer of a drink.  She felt like a new woman as she 
talked with him, his comparative urbanity infusing her with liveliness, 
and his intelligent conversation starting the wheels of her own brain 
turning slowly.
     "Its usefulness!" McLean laughed sardonically, getting his drink 
down.  "Do you call polluting the land and sea useful?  Not only does DDT 
destroy fish life, it is also beginning to poison the phytoplankton in the 
ocean.  Do you realize what that means?"
     "Not exactly," Sandra had to admit, secretly enjoying his 
indignation.
     "It's from phytoplankton that we get almost 50 per cent of oxygen 
replenishment," he explained.  "We are on our way to suffocating ourselves 
with that damn DDT!"
     Sandra took another sip on her drink.
     "But what about the wonders DDT has worked with malaria in Ceylon, 
for example," she suggested, remembering an article she had read recently.
     "Modern technology is one of the casual factors of the world's 
troubles.  The universe is a hard task master and only the fittest should 
survive.  Merely keeping millions alive so they can live another day with 
a pain in their bellies from hunger is doing them no favor!"
     "But almost a billion people have been saved from malaria over the 
last twenty-five years or so," Sandra exclaimed.  "Should they have been 
left to die or waste away, for the sake of a few fish and water plants?"
     "Of course not," McLean answered indignantly, "but a little foresight 
should have been used.  Merely spraying the Anopheles mosquito isn't the 
answer; provision in the way of family planning, agricultural instruction 
and so on should have been made to take care of the extra millions.  
Instead we are bent on ruining what we have!"  He finished his drink in a 
long swallow.  "You can see that the subject is really one of my beefs!" 
he laughed.
     "People should care!" Sandra said carefully. "Living in the 
countryside, we tend to forget the problems of the world because we are so 
insulated and free from them all."
     "Besides," McLean interrupted, "a beautiful woman like you shouldn't 
have to worry about such things!"
     Sandra flushed pink with pleasure under his frank compliment.  She 
did look very attractive, she knew, and was pleased that the veterinarian 
had noticed it.  She felt a rush of gratitude to him for being interested 
in her mind, also, and felt that even her thoughts and opinions were 
beginning to reflect the freedom and lucidity she was experiencing through 
her body. Ever since that morning last week, when Sam had taken her so 
harshly in the stable, her life had undergone a change.  The rough workman 
had unleashed a torrent of sensual desire in her, which could only be 
dammed by his urgent, passionate lovemaking.  She had adapted herself 
thoroughly to a new regime of wild, unusual sex out in the barn with Sam, 
tinged always with a sense of urgency and illicitness, and she could 
hardly remember what it was like before. Her body never seemed to get 
enough of him, and he always succeeded in arousing her to fever pitch, 
making her more frenzied, more demanding, more willing each time.  Yes, 
I'm really a new woman now, she mused as she rose to fix new drinks.  Her 
hips had a new provocative swing to them, she knew and she was aware of 
the vet's eyes on her enticing buttocks. She was revitalized by Sam's 
attentions, his body, his hands, and she had begun to take a new interest 
in herself, discarding her country casuals, and wearing new slinky type 
dresses, low cut blouses, curve clinging pants outfits. She had even begun 
to pin her hair up occasionally, even though it wasn't really long enough, 
and letting little tendrils fall down becomingly over her smooth cheeks.  
She had someone who cared how she looked now, she reasoned, feeling 
younger, more attractive, more wanted than she had for years.  Mike didn't 
seem to notice the change in her, or if he did, he didn't say anything.  
In fact, he didn't seem to say much at all lately, and Sandra had felt 
pronounced relief when he said curtly that he'd be away for a few days, 
buying new stock for the farm.  That was two days ago, and she had enjoyed 
hours in her husband's bed of unworried abandon in Sam's arms.  Already 
her brow darkened at the thought that her husband would be back the 
following day.
     But her smile brightened again when she brought the drinks in and 
handed one to McLean.
     "You've certainly changed since I saw you last!" Jeff smiled, running 
his eyes admiringly over her pale pink silk dress, which she had artlessly 
left unopened to reveal the tops of her translucent ivory breasts.  His 
last visit was three months ago, and Sandra remembered how dowdy and 
unhappy she'd been.
     "For better, or worse?" she quipped brightly.
     "Better, of course, much better!" Jeff laughed, "Mike must be really 
taking care of you!"
     Sandra blushed, and to hide her confusion, enjoined:
     "Country air must be good for me!"
     "Yep," McLean agreed, "a spell in the country works wonders for 
anyone!  People change their views on a lot of things after a rural 
sojourn."
     Sandra took a long swallow on her drink, hoping Jeff wouldn't notice 
her discomfiture. Guilt about her liaison with the farm worker came so 
suddenly and abruptly to the fore that she was sure he must suspect 
something.
     "But you're still a city girl at heart, aren't you, Sandra?" McLean 
said, a new note in his voice.  Before Sandra realized, he was leaning 
over her, her forearms grabbed tightly in his hands.  His breath was warm 
on her face and his mouth was looming closer.
     "No, stop!" she gasped, struggling to escape his over-powering grip.
     "Hey, what's the matter?  I thought you might like a little city 
loving after all that pastoral stuff!"
     Sandra's mind was reeling.  What had come over him?
     "Let me go, Jeff!" she said, her voice quietly authoritative.  Anger 
stirred in McLean's taut body.
     "Now wait a minute!" he snapped.  "Don't give me any of that innocent 
crap!  I know you're hot for me - why not admit it!"
     Sandra's heart pounded wildly in her chest. She had found him 
attractive, it was true, but that was as far as it went ... wasn't it?
     "Please Jeff ..." she began.
     "You're not so standoffish with Maguire, are you?" he demanded, rage 
boiling hot inside him.
     Sandra gasped, her face crimsoning.  Did he know?  Could he have 
found out?
     "W-what do you ... mean?" she whispered, frightened and tremulous.
     "You know what I mean, honey," he rasped, squeezing her tighter, "and 
you can give me a little of that pussy of yours too!"
     "H-how dare you?" she stammered, unable to suppress her irritation.  
He knew, that was obvious!
     "Listen, baby," he snapped, "I get a taste of that hot little cunt of 
yours, or Mike will suddenly find out all about your little game with 
Maguire.  What would he say to that?"
     Sandra shivered at the change in the man's voice.  It seemed cruder, 
more ominous.  All the polished suavity was gone from it, and now it was 
edged with lust.  Mike would kill her if he found out!  The thought stood 
stolidly in her mind.  What can I do?
     Suddenly, his mouth bore down on hers, he was pushing her down on the 
couch and kissing her in a hard, bruising oral embrace which reddened her 
lips and trapped her breath.  Everything vanished from her mind, fled from 
the overwhelming power of his kiss, and her arms reached up and encircled 
his neck while her lips strained against his, clinging desperately to 
them.  Her nipples stiffened under the thin dress, jutting against his 
chest, and his hands slipped down and ran expertly over her back, her 
hips, her thighs.  Her lips parted to admit his swirling tongue into her 
hot orfice, and she quivered under the force of the passion he was 
beginning to arouse in her.  She felt resistance fall away from her body, 
and she felt a mild protest forming in her brain.
     "No, this is wrong," she murmured, feebly trying to free herself from 
McLean's unrelenting embrace.  "I can't let another man do it to me!"
     "Come on now, honey," he whispered in her ear, "you're a little more 
generous with Sam ... Mike wouldn't like you to be stingy with me ..."
     Mike!  He'd tell Mike if she didn't comply ... As she hesitated, she 
was aware of his hands fumbling at the buttons of her dress, opening them 
all the way down ... his hands suddenly on the eager orbs of her throbbing 
breasts ... her nipples burgeoning hungrily into his palms ...  Her eyes 
dropped involuntarily to the growing bulge between his legs.  She could 
almost see the protuberance of his pulsating organ growing before her 
eyes, and a stab of longing coursed through her.  Her eyes drank in the 
sight of his broad, strong shoulders, his firm sensual torso, his cruel 
exciting lips ... and then dropped again to the fleshy promontory between 
his thighs.  Her body began to ache with sudden intensity - every nerve 
ending seemed to tremble with suppressed desire.  Oh God, it was no use 
... her body was too strong for her ... she wanted this man ... she wanted 
this strong, virile male, just like he wanted her!
     Jeff sensed her acquiescense, his half-closed eyes mesmerized by the 
enticing sight of her half naked body, its shimmering whiteness like fine 
marble against the Giorgone-like sheen of her silk dress.  His prick was 
pulsating fervently against his leg, branding his flesh with its hot 
passion.  He exulted in his victory over her, her obvious desire for him.  
Sam's right, he mused, she's a hot little bitch!  He had been skeptical 
when Sam, barely suppressing his excitement, had blurted out to him the 
details of his incredible affair with the young farm wife.  He had 
imagined that it might be wishful thinking on his part, but Sandra had 
seemed to be upset by his references to the farm worker, and now, she was 
mewling with excited desire!  A change certainly had come over her, he 
thought, remembering the uncooperative disinterested wife he'd first met 
six months ago, and on his subsequent visit three months later, her 
shabby, gone-to-seed appearance.  Nevertheless, he'd been interested in 
what lay beneath that dowdy exterior, but of course, had never dreamed of 
finding out, not until today, of course!  And now, he certainly was going 
to find out ...
     Sandra sighed as she felt his mouth close over the crest of one 
trembling upright breast, his soft firm lips enveloping the tender 
throbbing flesh of her turgid nipple.  She became vibrantly alive under 
his touch, excited and aroused as she felt the nearness of his heated 
masculine body.  She could feel the bloated strength of his still-encased 
penis as it pulsed against her thigh and her loins began a tentative 
churning in time to the internal palpitations that were caressing her 
desire-ridden flesh.  His mouth was trailing down her body, licking and 
kissing her warm, pliant flesh, glorying in her naked offering to him.  
His eyes fell lustily over the dark ebony fleece of her slightly raised 
pubic mound, and he felt an impatient tremor spasm through him.  Christ, 
this is going to be good ... he murmured passionately, his hand fiddling 
with the fly of his pants.
     Sam gripped the edge of the window sill, his eyes bulging, his 
nostrils dilated with anger.  He had to stifle a bellow of rage as he 
stared in disbelief at what was transpiring in the Peters' livingroom.
     Sandra's eyes jumped to the huge, fleshy rod of the veterinarian's 
cock as he eased it out of the confines of his pants.  The excitedly 
hardened head gleamed a bluish-purple and the lengthy red base seemed to 
pulse with hot, angry blood.  She felt a quiver of anticipatory fear 
mingled with masochistic pleasure as she continued to stare mesmerized at 
the lewd instrument, which McLean was obscenely encouraging to even 
greater proportions with crude caresses of his powerful hands.  
Unconsciously, she spread her legs a little wider, arching her pussy up in 
a primitive invitation to his waiting cock.
     Christ, the fucking little bitch really wants it, Sam thought 
viciously, his own prick throbbing inside his workpants as he pressed 
against the outside wall, his face riveted to the glass of the sittingroom 
window.
     Jeff's gaze was riveted on the entrancing sight of Sandra's flexed 
pussy mound, barely concealing an enticing gleam of moist pink flesh 
between the swollen fleshy outer vaginal lips.  He could see the red, 
lust-angered knob of her clitoris nestling beneath the crown of darkly 
resilient curls, and a faint pulsing drew his hypnotized gaze to the 
small, clasping little hole of her cuntal mouth.
     "Oh, Christ, Sandra," he rasped hoarsely, "I'm going to fuck you now 
..."
     Sandra's blood quickened on hearing his lewd, lust-inflamed words, 
and her own yearning magnified on realizing the extent of his animalistic 
passion.
     She felt him settle between the insides of her widespread, welcoming 
thighs, felt the nudge of his rubbery hard pole against her sensitive 
inner skin, felt the first jarring contact of his rigid, impermeable shaft 
against the delicate folds of her waiting cunt.
     McLean slowly guided the solid rod of flesh towards the small, star-
shaped cuntal mouth, and poised it there for a moment, the knobby 
distended head pressing lightly against the fragile membrane.  Then he 
rammed forward with all his might, and sunk his petrified weapon with a 
single lurch in the depths of the flabbergasted woman.
     "Oh no, it's too big ... it hurts ... !" Sandra sobbed, feeling her 
interior vaginal wall stretch with painful intensity from the huge mass of 
granite hard flesh imbedded inside her.
     Sam stared dumbfounded at the spectacle of the skewered woman, his 
eyes welded on the sunken shaft barely protruding from Sandra's ovally 
stretched vaginal hole.
     McLean continued to plow forward, his massive prick tunnelling 
effortlessly through her widening channel until the huge head came to rest 
at the mouth of her cervix.  His hands dipped down and grasped the fleshy 
spheres of her satiny buttocks, revelling in their resilient softness, and 
then pulled her crotch even further down on his sunken cock, swivelling 
her pelvis around on his hardened shaft, grazing the sensitive entrance to 
her womb against his rock hard penis.  Sandra drew in her breath at the 
novel sensation, dizzy from the new feelings soaring through her, and then 
her busy interior muscles began to contract and squeeze on the entrapped 
masculinity within her, wringing gasps of unexpected pleasure from McLean.
     He began to fuck in and out of her, with long, practiced strokes, 
sinking his driving prick to the hilt in her willing cavern, withdrawing 
it almost entirely out of her now warmly contracting pussy, matching 
thrust for thrust as they bucked and slapped against each other, their 
dark curling pubic hairs brushing together and entwining.  Sandra's hair 
flung out around her face as she tossed her head from side to side, and 
tiny mewls of ecstatic pleasure forced themselves from between her 
grinding teeth. McLean was arousing new sensations in her and her body was 
responding with a hedonistic answer of its own.  It was heavenly, writhing 
about in pagan delight under the passion-demented body of a man - a man 
who was depraved with desire for her!  The idea that she had aroused him 
to such a fever pitch thrilled her.  Her body had incensed him like this, 
enflamed him with uncontrollable lust.  Her flesh tingled with the wanton 
abandon of it all, being fucked, and fucking back, for all she was worth. 
Gone were any lingering thoughts of husband, of Sam ... her body was the 
master now, its desire her only duty to satisfy.
     Outside the window, Sam felt that he was going to explode, so intense 
was the crackling ache in his balls and the urgent call in his cock. His 
anger had faded to excitement as he continued to watch his mistress going 
crazy from the fucking the veterinarian, McLean, was giving her.  The lewd 
sight excited him unnaturally; his fury with McLean for tricking him 
giving way to jealousy as he observed the other man's pumping body, his 
ecstatic look of pleasure that coated his face, the willing, responsive 
body of Sandra beneath him.  It was all too much for him ... he couldn't 
take it any more ...
     Sandra was riding the waves of an indescribable joy.  Her body was 
completely in tune with McLean's; they were as one, sliding and twisting 
and rocking together on the star-studded way to the acme of their desires.  
Her body was reaching, striving to achieve the unrebukable climax which 
was building up in her, and which wouldn't be long in coming.
     From the back of her mind, Sandra heard a sound which turned her 
blood to ice.  The door was opening, and someone was coming into the room!
     Terror flooded through her, paralyzing her responses momentarily, and 
the icy fingers of fear clutched grotesquely at her heart.  Turning her 
head slightly, she could just see through a chink in the tangle of her and 
Jeff's bodies, the lower torso of a naked man!
     Her eyes widened at the sight of the huge, obese penis which jutted 
out obscenely from its base, and there was something slightly familiar 
about it.  The stranger was standing stock still, and Sandra blinked her 
eyes, wondering for a moment, if it wasn't all just a lewd mirage.
     When she focused again, she had to bite back a blood-curdling scream.  
The torso was coming, coming, towards her, the elongated shaft bobbing 
obscenely.  Nightmarish terror threatened to send her hurling into 
unconsciousness.
     Then she felt herself being turned over, to the side, McLean's arms 
still grasping her tightly, his tireless cock still slicing ceaselessly in 
and out.  Oh, God, she sobbed silently, what is happening.  Who is it?
     The pounding of bare feet came nearer, and then a coarse, lust-crazed 
voice rang out:
     "For Christ's sake, McLean, wait for me!"
     It was Sam!  Her throat was arid and she wanted to jump up and flee 
from this ultimate degradation but she was a prisoner of her own body, 
still responding heedlessly to McLean's insistent hammering.  Agonized, 
she felt the trim smooth ovals of her buttocks being spread apart, heard 
Sam's excited gasp as the dark little ring of her anus came into view, and 
then she sobbed aloud as she felt the hard, stubby head of his dancing 
prick come into direct contact with the tight little hole.  What was he 
going to do to her? her mind pleaded in silence, suddenly terrified by the 
confrontation with her ]over.
     The sight of Sandra's round firm buttocks jerking backward enticingly 
under McLean's frontal thrusts egged Sam on to a new plateau of desire, 
and with an excited grunt, he pressed his thick forefinger against the 
crinkled little sphincter, worming it into the tightly resisting little 
passage until he had intruded as far as the first knuckle.
     "... nnnnggghhhhhh ..." Sandra groaned as she felt the maddening pain 
begin in her back passage, and she began to struggle wildly, twisting her 
ass around in wild staccato attempts to dislodge his firmly imbedded 
finger. Her feverish flailing seemed to incite McLean to boiling point, as 
he continued to fuck heedlessly into her ravished vagina.
     "That's it ... move that ass ..." he groaned, seemingly oblivious to 
the farm hand's entrance.
     Sam rotated his finger around inside the tight little rectum, sinking 
it deeper inside her, until he suddenly pulled it out abruptly with a loud 
plop! which gave Sandra a momentary feeling of relief.
     But it was shortlived, as she felt again the hard, excruciating 
pressure of Sam's rock-hard prick head against the cringing little anal 
mouth, and as he continued to jab and pressure the tiny hole, paralyzing 
realization of what was going to happen washed over her with tumultuous 
force.
     "Oh God, please don't, Sam ..." she shrieked at the same time as he 
lunged forward in a snarling, brutal surge, and forced the vainly 
resisting muscle to yield under his greater strength.
     "AAAAARRRGGHHHHHHHHH ... No! No! Please stop!" she sobbed as she felt 
the splitting pain of his brutal anal entry.
     "PLEASE STOP, SAM ... PLEEASSSSEEEEE ..." she continued to wail as he 
began to inch forward, forcing open the tender internal membrane with his 
merciless onslaught.
     "Oh God, it hurts!  It hurts too much!" the demented woman implored 
her ]over, but to no avail.  By dint of pure strength, Sam managed to 
slide forward until the full length of his lust-driven cock was imbedded 
in her back passage. Her whole backside was a sheet of raw fiery pain 
which pushed unmercifully up the length of her spinal column, culminating 
in a shattering pain in her brain, which was actually the force of the 
knowledge of the utter degradation the two men were subjecting her to.  
She was like helpless chattel between the two of them, a mindless being 
existing only for their pleasure, as they double fucked her, one in front 
and one in back and filled the air with their animalistic groans of 
pleasure.
     Sam began to screw slowly in and out of her throbbing rectum, and she 
shamefully remembered the similar assault by her husband, which had been 
fading into a bitter memory, and was now recalled with new venom.  Then, 
slowly but surely, the soft rubbery walls of her back passage were 
beginning to widen, thus mercifully lessening the incredible pain.  When 
the agonizing pain had finally cleared, Sandra was sorry it did, because 
it revealed something which added more shame and humiliation to her 
debased ego.  She was beginning to enjoy it, enjoy the lewd anal screwing 
her lover was giving her while McLean continued to fuck her in front.  No!  
No! her mind screamed as she lay sandwiched between the two sweating male 
bodies, trying to will the rising tide of pleasure to ebb.  But she 
failed.
     "Oooohhhhhhhhh ..." a low pitched wail of animal-like pleasure rang 
out ... she couldn't resist the primordial call of her body any longer.  
SHE LIKED IT.  She liked being buffeted like a scrap of paper in the wind, 
mercilessly battered between the two heaving bodies.  Masochistic ripples 
of pleasure eddied along her spine as she began to revel in her complete 
subjugation to the two men.  She began to glory in the power they had over 
her, not only physical power but their potency which invoked such 
responsive delight in her.  They were like wild stallions, luring her, the 
domestic mare, out to the bitter-sweet freedom of the plains, and she had 
responded, throwing aside the security of suppressed sensual excitement 
for the excrutiating sweet agony of a completely freed libido.
     "Mmmmmmmmm ... oooohhh it's good ..." she moaned, arching her back 
and flaring her buttocks to receive Sam's jack-hammer thrusts in back and 
then flicking forward to welcome Jeff's pile-driver shaft in front.
     "Oooohhh that's it ... hurt me!  Fuck me harder!" her voice rang out, 
raucous in its obscenities, and Sandra could hardly recognize it as her 
own.  She was in another world, piloted there by the unbelievable spasms 
of pleasure she was receiving in her dual passages, as the two hard, 
plunging pricks dove in unison and surfaced as one, leaving her breathless 
with excitement.  It was incredible, being fucked like this by two men at 
once ... far far better than anything she had ever experienced before.  
She wanted it to go on forever!
     But her body had climbed to the topmost peak of sensual ecstasy, and
there was nothing left for her but to tumble down.
     Her piercing wail rent the air, and then her body was spasming 
uncontrollably, slippery as an eel between the sandwich of human flesh.
     "AAAAARRRRRRRNNNNnnnnnngggggg ... I'm cumming!  Oh God, do it harder! 
Harder!  I'm THERE ... ! ! ! ! !"
     The two men were driven by the whiplash of her lust-hoarsened voice 
and they pounded against her, their driven cocks tormented beyond belief 
by the dynamic contractions of her pussy and rectum, until they, too, 
could hold out no longer.
     Their deep masculine voices sounded out, distorted with passion, as 
the floodgates of their lust were loosened, and the torrents of their 
bubbling white liquid scorched from the vats of their testicles along the 
pipes of their plunging pricks and poured with spasmodic ejaculations into 
the writhing, squirming twin passages, where they commingled in an 
effervescent pool of frothy male sperm in Sandra's womb.  They continued 
to flood her insides, their reservoir of semen apparently never-ending, 
until finally, their exhausted cocks finally acknowledged defeat, and 
began to slip like spent worms from her widely dilated passages.  Gurgling 
with pleasure, Sandra slipped to the floor, her body floating on a sea of 
happiness, shielded on both sides by her two lovers.




Chapter 7

     Sandra was applying nail-polish to her long tapering nails, when she 
heard Mike's car pull into the driveway.  She gave a little start, 
surprised at his early homecoming.  She hadn't really been expecting him 
until the morning, and already her mind had been wandering ahead to the 
long evening of pleasure she would experince with Sam.  Her body still 
tingled from the incredible fucking she had received from Sam and the 
veterinarian simultaneously, just the previous evening, and the wild 
three-way act had honed the edge of her sexual appetite to such a pitch 
that she thought Sam would never finish with his chores, and come to her.  
Damn him, why did he have to come home early? she complained silently, 
putting aside her cosmetics and heading for the kitchen.  Still, maybe 
Mike ... It was weeks since Mike had made love to her, and she felt a 
sudden, urgent longing to feel his body near hers again, experience him 
through the body of the new woman she had become.  Her face brightened as 
her husband hurried into the kitchen.
     "Hello, Sandra," he called, "any coffee ready?"  Sandra looked at him 
uneasily.  He was slumping tiredly in a chair, his eyes roaming aimlessly 
around the room.  He didn't even seem to see her!
     She handed him a steaming cup, and without even acknowledging it, he 
picked up the Vet's report which was lying on the table.
     "That's one good thing anyway!" he muttered, his eyes roaming over 
the report.
     "What's that?" Sandra asked, puzzled.
     "The Vet's report - the cows all passed the TB test - or did you ever 
bother to read it?" There was an ominous coldness in his voice which made 
Sandra shiver.
     Draining his coffee cup, he rose and headed for the door.
     "W-would you care for some dinner?  I've got ..."
     "Later!" he interrupted, "I'd better check on things in the dairy!"  
And before Sandra had a chance to reply, he was gone.
     Sandra stood stockstill.  She didn't really know what kind of 
greeting she had expected from her husband, but she certainly hadn't 
anticipated his coldness, indifference.  He didn't care what she was 
thinking or what she felt about his return.  He just didn't care!  Fear 
clutched relentlessly at Sandra's pulsing heart. Was she in danger of 
losing Mike?  Was her marriage actually dissolving in front of her? 
Numbly, she tried to reassure herself.  She knew in her heart that the 
intoxication of her new found sensual freedom was a paltry return for the 
security she had taken for granted, and which was in imminent danger of 
toppling!  Did Mike suspect what she had been up to?  Anxiety gnawed at 
her viscera like a dog at a bone.  She sunk down into a chair, her lovely 
young body shaking with convulsive tremors, as she fought a rising wave of 
panic.
     The minutes ticked by, but Sandra's uneasiness had not abated.  She 
felt worse than ever, with only herself to blame.  For the first time, she 
began to realize the seriousness of her actions, and to wonder about their 
consequences. In the back of her mind, she had assumed that Mike would not 
find out.  She also believed that nothing that she did would make him turn 
against her!  Had she been wrong?  Was Mike sick and tired of her, her 
bitchy, demanding ways, her lack of consideration for him?  But I love 
him, I still do! her mind protested.  She had to tell him, tell him now, 
ask for his forgiveness, get his reassurance that everything was all 
right.  At the back of her mind was the paralyzing fear that Sam, unable 
to restrain himself, would brag about his conquest ...
     She knew Mike didn't like her to disturb him at work in the sheds, 
but she couldn't wait until he came back.  It might be too late ...
     Sandra ran lightly across the yard, and headed straight for the 
dairy, relieved to find a light there.  She let herself quietly in by the 
back way, anxious not to disturb him, and stealthily made her way towards 
the far end where the machinery was.  She could hear muffled voices, and 
silently prayed that Mike wouldn't be angry at her for disturbing him.
     Suddenly, Sandra froze, her blood running cold.  She had to stifle a 
scream as her husband's voice wafted across to her.
     "Oooohhh Eve darling, I've missed you so much ..."
     God what were they doing?  She had to find out ...
     Her blood racing, she slipped inside the next to last stall, and 
peering between the slats of the wood partition, her eyes darted 
restlessly, trying to find her husband.
     Then she saw him!
     Her eyes bulged as they focused on a blurred tangle of naked arms and 
legs.  Mike, her husband and Eve were sprawled, stark nude, on several 
sacks of animal feed, their bodies locked together in a tight, passionate 
embrace.
     Sandra felt a blood-curdling scream rise in her throat and she had to 
cram her knuckles into her mouth to suppress it, as she saw the young 
blonde, Eve's, strong white hands wrapped tightly around Mike's neck, and 
as she glimpsed her husband's hungry wet tongue slipping into the shapely 
blonde's receptive mouth.  Their twisting, writhing bodies lay only a few 
feet from Sandra's horrified gaze, and she could see that Eve's large gray 
eyes were beginning to dilate and an unmistakable smoky haze of passion 
drifted across them as Mike slowly caressed her ripe golden body.
     Sandra watched, paralyzed with shock. Every nuance on their faces was 
distinct to her view; she stood there breathless, unable to turn her eyes 
away from the lewd display of flesh and passion.
     She watched as Mike's mouth tore away from the glistening fullness of 
Eve's lips and began to trail hot, wet kisses down her vibrant swan-like 
neck, sucking ardently at the tender flesh, leaving a path of raw, red 
little patches in his wake.  The blonde's hands were digging desperately 
into his shoulders and from her gaping, half-open mouth, it was obvious 
that she was already deeply entangled in passionate sensual excitement.
     Sandra was hypnotized by the sight of the eager couple wallowing in 
unabashed lust.  Her heart felt crushed by the evidence of her husband's 
infidelity, but still, she couldn't tear herself away from the incredible 
spectacle.  She wanted to run in and separate the adulterous couple, yet 
she was immobilized by the scene. She had never in her life seen anything 
so mesmerizing, so compelling.  It was strangely, perversely exciting, and 
every nerve, every sense in her body seemed sharpened to extraordinary 
intensity.
     Sandra watched, her eyes bulging, as Eve, her blonde hair flowing 
like a sheath of golden hay, stretch free of the tangle of arms and legs 
and slowly spread her perfectly sculptured thighs, revealing the honey-
colored muff of her pubic triangle.  Her arms hung languidly by her sides 
and her firm full breasts rose up and down with her frenzied breathing.  
Sandra could see the nipples spring to attention, the dark pink buds 
jutting up erectly from the crinkled brown aureoles.
     She gasped, stung with unbearable jealousy, as Mike squeezed the ripe 
flesh as he kissed first one and then the other buttery globe.  He rolled 
the thickening nipples between his thumb and forefinger, wringing little 
mewls of pleasure from Eve.  Then he raised his head and Sandra could see 
the livid pink stretch of his tongue darting out as it flicked down the 
smooth soft plane of her lithe body, stopping to poke at the tight, deeply 
imbedded little navel, licking it lovingly, as his hand continued to 
massage the smooth plane of her belly.
     Sandra's dimming eyes were riveted on the tall tanned body of her 
husband as it hovered over the prostrate girl, and her eyes dropped to the 
huge, fleshy protuberance of his cock as it dangled out obscenely from the 
blonde pubic thatch.  It prodded lewdly at Eve's parted thighs, and Sandra 
could see the girl's hips churning in unmistakable invitation.
     "Oh darling, please fuck me now ... I want to feel your beautiful 
hard cock inside me ..." Eve's passion distorted voice pleaded.  Her 
fingernails were digging into his muscular back, and Sandra winced at the 
girl's lascivious desire.
     Sandra had never seen Mike so aroused, so lust-crazed as he was as he 
hovered over the pleading girl.  A new wave of jealously swept over her - 
she had never been able to arouse him to that extent!
     Suddenly, he leaned forward and grasped Eve's quivering legs and 
lifted them high up, till they dangled over his shoulders.  He looked down 
at the lewd spectacle of her naked open vagina, lust gleaming in his eyes, 
and Sandra herself could see the moist, pink furrow throbbing with 
excitement.  She could see the eager clasping hole of her vagina, opening 
and closing, trying to suck in something to fill her desperate void.  The 
outer lips were swollen with passion and the red bulbous tip of her 
clitoris quivered and pulsed through the soft blond pubic fuzz.
     Mike grasped his long, thick penis in his hand and guided it towards 
the enticing pink split, running the thick burgeoning head deftly along 
the moistened crevice, lubricating it in Eve's already flowing vaginal 
juices, while she mewled piteously.
     "Ob please Mike, do it to me now ... please do it to me now ... ! !"
     Her lewd words seemed to galvanize Mike into action, and he suddenly 
rammed forward and with an explosive groan, thrust the hard bulbous head 
into the tiny, hair-fringed hole between her legs.
     "AAAAhhhhhhmmmmmmm ..." Eve sighed, and Sandra felt the first 
stirrings of anger on hearing the girl's sibilant moans of pleasure. Her 
lewd fascination with the incredible scene had suppressed any anger she 
might have felt, but now a slow burning resentment was seething inside the 
bewildered wife.  It's just like I thought, she fumed inwardly, he was 
interested in that little slut right from the beginning!  Her own deviance 
from the marital path was forgotten as rage simmered inside her as she 
watched her husband in his joyful rendezvous with the young blonde 
milkmaid.  No wonder he wasn't interested in me, she bridled, and to think 
I was rushing out to apologize to him, the lousy cheating bastard ...
     She watched, rage boiling like a furnace within her, as Mike 
continued to plow forward, sinking his elongated shaft all the way into 
Eve's upraised pelvis.
     "... hhhhnnnngggghhhhh ...!"  she moaned as Mike's desire hardened 
cock reached the back of her womb, and his hairy pendulous balls slammed 
hard against the soft silky cushions of her upturned buttocks.
     Sandra craned her neck, eager suddenly not to miss a second of her 
husband's frenzied fucking of another woman.
     Her rage was receding again, and jealousy was once more taking its 
place ... envy, and a vicarious sort of excitement.  There was something 
hypnotic about her husband's smooth, long instrokes and his short, sharp 
outstrokes which evoked a responsive rhythm in her own loins.  Her initial 
state of shock was wearing off, and she felt horribly rejected, she was 
left out of the paradise which the two lovers were enjoying, and she was 
overcome by a feeling of loneliness and rejection.  The obscene magnetism 
of the violently fucking couple - her husband and, his mistress - was 
drawing her into its lewd spell, and she wanted to run and leave the scene 
of adultery, but she couldn't.
     She was caught in the web of the lurid act transpiring a few feet 
away, and she had to wait to the end, had to see all of this incredible 
copulation between her husband and the young girl.
     Suddenly, she froze in her bending forward position, her heart 
thumping with terror.  Someone was behind her!  She wanted to turn around, 
discover the intruder, even scream, but she couldn't!  She couldn't let 
Mike know that she'd seen him, that she'd been spying on him! Her flesh 
crawled as she felt hands behind her, strong, calloused hands on her 
thighs, easing up her short flared skirt, caressing her naked skin. The 
hands were tugging on her flimsy white panties, peeling them down over her 
full rounded hips ... the fingers were probing at her now nakedly exposed 
vagina ... OH GOD, SHE COULDN'T STAND IT!  She had to turn, stop whoever 
it was ...
     "Ssshhh, it's only me ..."
     It was Sam!  Relief flooded through the terrified wife.  But what was 
he doing?  Sandra wanted to ask him, wanted him to go away, let her 
witness alone her husband's infidelity ...
     "Aaaaahhhhhhhh ..." Sandra was unable to stop herself moaning as she 
felt the searing, unexpected contact of Sam's mouth on her naked pussy!  
He had ducked under her skirt, and his face was buried between her thighs!
     Oh God, Sandra thought desperately, what's happening?  She had to 
stop him, stop his disgusting assault on her genitals, had to pull away 
...
     "Oh Mike, you know how to fuck me ... your cock feels so great in me 
... Mmmmmmm ..."
     Sandra's attention was once more crudely arrested by her rival's 
lust-enflamed sighs, and she felt her skin tingle from the girl's obscene 
words.  Her eyes flew to the bucking, writhing bodies as they slapped 
wetly against each other, coated with perspiration.
     Dimly, she realized that she was yielding to Sam's pressure on her 
thighs, easing them apart.  In the daze of her confusion, she could hear 
him rasping:
     "I'm gonna lick your pussy, suck it and bite that little clit of 
yours ... make you cum that way while you watch your husband fuck that 
li'l blonde ..."  His lewd cantation sent excited shivers coursing through 
her.  Did he think she would allow him to touch her there, where he had 
ordered the dog to?  Her mind shrank again from the memory of the oral 
licking she had received from Sam's dog, and how she had enjoyed it ...
     "No, Sam, no ..." she whispered feebly, terrified Mike would hear.  
But her pleas were lost in the slavering sound of his tongue as it swept 
and lapped against her trembling cuntal split, brushed electrically 
against the hard button of her clitoris, prodded the soft velvety folds of 
her pussy.  Against her will, Sandra felt the excitement, arousal, 
enjoyment, building inside her.  She couldn't help it ... the hired man's 
tongue felt good against her quivering cunt ... His wet mouth continued to 
stroke the full length of the moistened pink furrow, his taut voracious 
tongue inching its way deeper and deeper into her eager young pussy.  
Prickly shoots of pleasure stabbed up into Sandra's belly, radiating a 
vivid halo of sexual excitement from her glowing womb as his crude, direct 
sensuality seemed to snap her whole being into lustful attention.
     She had to bite her lips to suppress the sighs of intense pleasure 
which were trying to force them into sound, and she gripped the wooden top 
of the stall, as she felt his tongue dip and tease the hot, fiery opening 
to her cuntal passage.
     Oh God, what's wrong with me, her mind questioned suddenly as her 
eyes focused again on the wild pagan bucking of the grunting couple in 
front of her.  Their lewd scene had become part of her own blazing, 
uncontrollable lust, and her own obscene witnessing of her husband's 
adultery was as arousing as the burning, tingling touch of the man's 
tongue beneath her skirt.  She had transversed an unfathomable boundary in 
the short time since she had worried and fretted alone in the kitchen when 
her husband had hurried out.  The last half-hour was a real milestone in 
her life, and she knew that she could not retrace her steps across that 
boundary.  She was watching her husband fucking another woman while her 
own cunt was being sucked by the hired man, and her mode of life till 
then, was a thing of the past. She knew, as she continued to gaze raptly 
at the panting, jerking figures of her husband and his mistress, that all 
her concepts on what life was all about were disintegrating ... life as 
she knew it was disintegrating!  The future was indescribable, but she had 
charted her own course, and she knew she would follow it, for better or 
worse ...
     Involuntarily, Sandra found her thighs closing in around Sam's head, 
trapping his sweating face in the heat of her hungrily dripping pussy, his 
fiery red hair tickling her throbbing cuntal flesh.  His tongue was like a 
dynamo, washing and slashing and slavering, teasing the throbbing knob of 
her clitoris, sucking the tendrils of her inner pussy lips, plunging 
stiffly into the burning hot orifice of her vaginal sheath.  Her hot 
steaming cunt walls enveloped his intruding organ as it plunged, 
contracting, twitching, the engorged lips glistening from the dribbles of 
her secretions.
     Sam dug his rough fingers into her madly thrashing ass-cheeks, his 
tongue working like a jackhammer, probing, searching, driving into the 
soft luscious folds, possessed of a mind of its own.
     Mindless, uncontrolled lust shook Sandra and her upper body was 
pressed hard and roughly against the wall of the stall, and she ground her 
pelvis down on his imprisoned face.  His tongue and lips and hands became 
a feverish stampede of lustful, frantic action, licking, biting, sucking 
as he grovelled greedily in her desperately writhing cunt, all striving in 
unison to uncap the earth-shaking eruption from her passion tormented 
body.  Her hands tangled in his hair, smashing his blood-flushed face into 
the boiling cauldron of her pussy.  Sandra's mind was a wandering panorama 
of obscene pictures, in the forefront of which was the image of her 
husband and his mistress welded together in a carnal union of breathtaking 
passion.
     Sandra's glazed eyes swung over to the steaming, twisting couple.  
They were careening into a flailing collision of lust-driven fury ... now 
accelerating ... now finally far beyond any human control as their passion 
finally crested ...
     They were cumming!
     Their lewd, hoarse shrieks of release were shatteringly near, and 
then began to fade, as Sandra's brain slipped at last utterly away.  She 
was dissolved in a screaming rocket of head-long desire as shudder after 
shudder convulsed her.  She felt the power of her approaching climax 
building, expanding deep within her womb.
     And then, a tremendous hot flash drove through her.
     "Unnnnnggghhh ..." she grunted out loud, her mind dissolving in the 
intense radiation of pure lust.  She bucked forward, her pelvis engulfing 
Sam's exhausted, moist face.  Another blinding wave of heat exploded 
within her, travelling with gathering speed up the thrashing length of her 
spine.
     Her head fell back, her mouth hung open.
     "OH MY GOD!  SAM!  SAM!" she shrieked mindlessly, as another wave 
struck, and another, until the mounting shockwaves seemed to gather into a 
continuous thunderclap, converging on her lewdly tumbling body.  She 
opened her mouth again, screaming wildly, oblivious of everything but the 
insatiable monster of her lust.
     "I'm cumming!  I'm cumming!  AAARRRGGGhhhhhhhh ..."
     Her screams seemed to go on forever, echoing throughout the huge 
building, rising and falling, dying and rising from the embers of her 
hoarseness again like a phoenix, the full throated release of her passion 
buoyantly hurling her about in the momentum of her orgasm like a 
matchstick bobbing in the wind of a hurricane.
     Blissful peacefulness was beginning to descend on her, wiping 
everything away but the glowing aftermath of her unbelievable release.
     Reality intruded with crude brutality as fingers dug into her 
shoulder.
     "Mmm, oh please don't ..." she murmured, her eyes fluttering open.
     Mike was standing over her, still stark naked!
     Her eyes widened in terror, her voice tried to call out, but no sound 
came.
     "You bitch!" he spat, "You fucking little adulterous slut!"




Chapter 8

     Sandra wished the ground would open up and swallow her.  Shame and 
mortification flooded through her, crimsoning her downcast face.  She was 
paralyzed with fear, too terrorized even to pull her skirt down over her 
still lewdly splayed thighs.  She was painfully, desperately aware of her 
husband standing over her, his eyes travelling over the naked plane of her 
vagina, over her white nylon panties so casually discarded, over Sam's 
cowering, abject figure.
     Unable to stand it any longer, Sandra hid her face in her hands, and 
started to sob helplessly, her body shaking with the force of her weeping.  
This was the end of everything!  Mike had discovered her with Sam, spying 
on him.  Sam would tell him everything, about the dog, about the 
veterinarian, McLean ... Fresh sobs convulsed her as she thought of his 
rage, his fury. He'd kill her!
     There was an ominous silence, broken only by her stifled sobs.  Why 
doesn't Mike say something, do something? her mind wondered, anything to 
make this terrible moment pass.  It seemed an eternity since he had called 
her those names.  Now at least, anger, abuse would be natural!  This 
silence wasn't.
     "Well, Maguire, what are you waiting for?" Mike's voice, cold and 
toneless with rage and hatred rang out.  "You're not going to stop now, 
are you?"
     New terror gripped the frightened wife. What did Mike mean?
     "I ... uh ... I ..." Sam mumbled, his face beet red.
     "Get on with it!" Mike snapped, and Sandra recoiled from the edge in 
his voice.
     "W-with what?" Sam mumbled dully.
     "You can't leave the little lady lying there waiting, can you?"  Mike 
sneered, a sarcastic pitch sharpening his voice.
     A new flood of embarrassment washed over Sandra.  Oh God, what 
punishment was he planning for her?
     "No," Sam answered fatuously, his eyes turning to Sandra's sprawled 
figure.
     "Okay then, let's see what it is that she can't do without!" Mike 
jeered.
     Sandra couldn't help herself.
     "No Mike, please ..."
     "Shut up, you little whore!" he snapped, his eyes blazing.
     Sandra cringed back against the wall, trying to stand up straight, 
but only succeeding in falling against the bales of straw in the corner.
     "What do I have to do?" Sam asked, relieved to find Peters' anger 
directed towards his wife.
     "I'll tell you what to do!" Mike snarled, "but first let me get the 
little lady, sorry, the whore, ready!"
     Sandra cowered piteously as Mike approached her, and shielded her 
face with her her arm.  He grabbed her roughly by the shoulder, and pulled 
her to her feet.  With one swift pull, he tore away her skirt, leaving her 
hips and thighs stark naked.  And with a further exertion, he ripped the 
buttons of her blouse, tearing it from her shoulders.  Last of all, he 
snatched away her blouse, leaving her totally naked.
     "Oh God, please don't ..." she sobbed, trying to cling to her 
husband's arm, trying to elicit some warmth in him.  His only response was 
to fling her roughly onto the hay covered floor, where she fell in a 
disorderly heap, skinning her elbow against the stall, her body bruised 
from the unyielding surface.  She wanted to cry, but couldn't.  She could 
only lie there, a victim of her husband's mounting fury.
     "Eve!" he called imperiously, "come and watch the show!"  Sandra was 
aware of the young blonde milkmaid, slinking out of a corner where she had 
taken refuge.  She was still naked and she looked very young and 
frightened, and she flattened herself against the wall, terrified of what 
was going on.
     "All right, we can begin the show," Mike sneered, "and by Christ, the 
leading lady had better give a good performance!"
     Sandra lay prostrate on the floor, unable to feel anything, conscious 
only of a desire for the whole perverted thing to be over with.
     "Okay, Maguire, we're waiting for you!  Get ready!"
     Sam numbly began to undress, lifelessly discarding his clothes, until 
he, too, was stark naked, his prick banging semi-erect, jutting out half-
heartedly from a tuft of reddish hair.
     "Now let's think of a name for our show." Mike continued to jeer, 
"What about 'Wife turned Whore', or let me see.  What about 'What Happens 
to a Cheating Wife'."
     There was silence all around.
     Unperturbed, Mike snapped:
     "There's your cue, Maguire!  You're on stage!"
     Sandra stared at her husband in disbelief. Was he really expecting 
them to go through with this travesty?  Had he gone insane?
     Incredulously, Sandra saw Sam shuffling towards her.  He couldn't, he 
wouldn't touch her in front of Mike!
     "Okay, Maguire," Mike's voice rang out again, "spread the lady's legs 
wide, real wide!"
     Sandra shrank back down into the hay as Sam ambled nearer, and then 
she had to stifle a scream as his hands rested on her ankles.
     "No!  No!" she screamed, trying to keep her legs together.  But he 
was too strong for her, and slowly, he forced her thighs apart, revealing 
the deep pink cleft of her trembling pussy. Shame crept like a smothering 
blanket over her as she felt the evening air rush in on her moist pussy.  
Oh God, I wish I were dead, her mind sobbed.
     "Well, well, look at that!" Mike jeered, his voice dripping with 
scorn.  "A nice juicy cunt, all wet and ready!  You did a good job 
earlier, Maguire.  Let's hope you can keep up the good work!"
     Sandra wanted to put her hand down to cover her nakedness, but she 
was afraid of what Mike might do!  She knew it would be fatal to cross him 
now, the mood he was in.
     "Now, bitch," her husband spat, "it's your turn!  Take that nice big 
cock that you're so fond of, and make it nice and hard, 'cause you don't 
want a limp prick in that cunt of yours, now do you?"  Sandra felt a retch 
of nausea cramp her stomach.  She couldn't believe that this was the man 
she had married, her husband!
     "I'm waiting, slut!" he snapped, edging closer.
     Sandra's heart thudded painfully.  She was afraid to appeal to him 
again.  That only seemed to incense him.  But she couldn't, she just 
couldn't do as he said!  But she had no choice. She trembled at the 
thought of what he would do to her if she refused.  He'd kill her!  Mike 
edged even closer, and Sandra made up her mind.  She had to comply!  There 
was no way out!
     Her hand was shaking as she reached up and tentatively slipped her 
fingers around Sam's awakening prick.  The lewd words seemed to have an 
exciting effect on the workman, and his member was already bobbing out, 
cleaving the air like a snake, the surface glistening with the blood of 
passion.  Sandra could feel it throbbing under her touch, and she sensed 
that it was growing in dimension as she held it.
     "Put more life into it!" her husband commanded, his voice perilously 
near, and Sandra began to move her fingers slightly, hoping to satisfy his 
demand.
     "Tickle his balls, bitch!" Mike ordered, his voice shrill, "tickle 
your lover's balls!"
     Numbed with mortification and fear, Sandra obediently cupped Sam's 
hairy pendulous balls in her palm and massaged them gently, feeling the 
roiling of his sperm as they gathered in the darkness of his testicles.  
Her body ached from soreness and the hard floor, and she thought she'd 
pass out before much longer.  Faintly, she hoped for a miracle, that her 
husband would grow tired of his game.
     "Now, we're ready for the big one!  Now, leading lady, look at what 
your lover has got for you!"
     Sandra forced herself to open her eyes, and they dropped to the 
bulging red protuberance a scant foot away.  It was huge and thick and 
long-much bigger than she'd ever seen it!
     "Is it big enough for you?  Is it?  Is it?" Mike shrieked, his face 
reddening in his excitement and fury.
     "Yes, it is ..."  Sandra mumbled wearily, sinking back against the 
floor.  If only it was all over ...
     "Kneel down in front of your mistress, Maguire!"  Mike's thickened 
voice rang out again, and the wretched hired man, torn between fear and 
mounting desire, obediently settled himself between Sandra's quivering 
legs.
     "Now slut, this is what you've been waiting for!  Take hold of his 
prick and lead it towards that starving little pussy of yours!"
     Sandra blanched when she heard her husband's latest demands.  It was 
too much - she had suffered enough.  She couldn't do it, couldn't degrade 
herself further, and in front of Eve, too ... Oh, God, what was she to do?
     "You heard what I said!"  Mike's voice was livid with rage.  It was 
no use!  She had to do it ...
     Fighting back her tears, Sandra reached down once more and grasped 
the rock-hard cock in her hand, and slowly, began to guide it towards the 
tiny cringing hole of her pussy.  She rested the hard, bulbous head 
against the delicate petal-shaped opening, her breath quickening in fear.
     "All right, Maguire, get ready.  I'll tell you when to go!"
     All feeling left Sandra.  She was suffering the ultimate degradation.  
And she didn't care.  She was beyond any normal emotion.  Her body was 
left to take the punishment, while her mind sought refuge in numbness.
     "Get ready, get set!" Mike's voice, quivering with excitement, called 
out.  "One, two, three ... GOOOOOO ... ! !"
     Sam sprang forward on his boss' order, oblivious to everything but 
his rising passion and his desire to appease his employer.  He surged 
forward with brutal strength, crashing through the soft, unresisting 
barrier of her outer cunt lips, slicing through the tender vaginal sheath 
like a knife through melted butter.
     "WAAARRRGGGHHHHHHHH ..." she sobbed helplessly, her hips thrashing 
wildly to escape the skewering pain.
     "Oh please stop, it hurts ... it hurts meee ..."
     Her screams were drowned out by Mike's hysterical laughter.
     "That's it, Maguire!  Give the bitch a good fucking!"
     Sam's grossly inflated penis was like a cast-iron cudgel splitting 
her insides, sending shooting pains ricocheting through her.  The hard, 
smooth head rubbed irritatingly against the delicate flesh of her cervix, 
and she felt that the fragile membrane at the entrance to her body would 
tear from the unnatural stretching.  At last, he began to withdraw his 
lust hardened cock, grating the inner sheath with its veinous underside, 
sending painful shudders rippling through Sandra's body.  The pain 
obliterated any other feeling, and dominated her whole being.
     "OOOOOOOOhhhhhhhhhhhh ..." she wailed again as Sam drove forward with 
even greater force, raising her pelvis a few inches from the ground as he 
bore into her with flesh-splitting strength.  He began to establish an 
arduous rhythm, forcing her strained vaginal passage to give a little as 
he began to plow into her.
     "Fuck back, you little whore!" Mike screamed, his eyes dancing with 
lewd perverted excitement.  His eyes were riveted on the enormous shaft as
it plunged in and out of his wife's aching pussy, and he was enjoying the 
spectacle of her debasing pain.  His own cock was standing out like a 
flagpole, goaded into erection by the incredible luridness of the act he 
had instigated.
     He was mesmerized by the straining whiteness of his wife's subjugated 
body, by the palpitating milkiness of her breasts, the trembling strength 
of her thighs.
     Sandra was relieved when the pain finally subsided and Sam's actions 
took on a regular rhythm.  Her body responded in kind, recognizing the 
familiar action, and she felt some of her degrading feelings easing.  It 
would soon be over ...
     She couldn't believe it when she felt the first tingle of excitement 
- a familiar pinprick of pleasure deep inside her.
     She wanted to quell it, stamp it out, but knew she couldn't.  Her 
body was responding as it did on the other occasions when she had been 
debased and humiliated ... it was responding to a man's penis inside it, 
and nothing else!
     "Ooooohhhhhhh ..." she sighed involuntarily as her hips almost 
unconsciously took on a deep sensual churning, a passionate grind of its 
own, a direct answer to Sam's insistent demands. Flushes of heat were 
rising up her body, blushing her face, making her mewl with excitement, 
causing little beads of perspiration to break out on her upper lip.  Her 
hips began to grind upward as Sam plunged downward, and then pressed back 
against the softness of the hay as he began to withdraw, her interior 
vaginal sinews milking his blood-filled prick with tight, possessive 
little contractions.
     Mike ran an excited tongue over his dry lips when he noticed his 
wife's excitement, her acquiescence to Sam's pile-driving cock.  She was 
enjoying the fucking her lover was giving her, right in front of him, her 
own husband!  The lewd thought excited him even more.  His eyes were glued 
on the increasing tempo of the fucking pair, darting here and there to 
catch a glimpse of a bobbing breast, a dipping cock, fleshy cunt lips!  He 
had forgotten completely about Eve, cringing still in the dark corner, 
fearful to show herself.  He had forgotten everything but the presence of 
his wife and her lover who were becoming oblivious to him, and the 
mounting pressure in his own balls as they sent urgent messages to his 
throbbing prick.
     Suddenly, he couldn't take it any longer.  His cruel, sadistic trick 
had backfired - he had engendered an excitement in the two which was 
getting the better of him also ... he no longer wished to be just a 
director ...
     Sandra was carried away in the wind of her own undeniable excitement.  
She was being fucked by their hired man again, who had elicited so many 
wonderful responses in her before, who had initiated her into incredible 
realms of ecstasy, and this time was no exception.  She had momentarily 
forgotten about her husband's initial part in the act, and was aware only 
of Sam's body buffeting against her, his thick, lust-hardened prick 
slamming into her pelvis, his hard rough hands kneading the flesh of her 
hips.  Then, suddenly, the rhythm which was carrying her along on the road 
to climax was shattered.  A hand was grappling with her hair, making her 
squirm with excruciating pain. Her eyes flew open ... and she saw a cock, 
a long, red, throbbing cock a scant inch away from her face!
     Her eyes riveted on the burgeoning instrument, jutting out proudly 
from a forest of blond curls ... it was Mike!
     "Open your mouth!" he commanded, his voice laden with depraved 
passion.  She continued to stare, mesmerized by the lewd instrument, until 
it leaped forward and slipped past her lips in a swift abrupt movement.  
Surprised, she found the fleshy hardness of it in her mouth ... a 
strangely agreeable sensation!  Timorously, her tongue began to swipe the 
rod of flesh in her mouth, tasting for the first time the masculine 
piquancy of her husband's prick.  Shivers of strange pleasure rippled her 
skin.  She began to suck gently on the palpitating organ, caressing it 
with her lips, nibbling at it with her teeth. Her tongue darted into the 
tiny slit at the top, stretching it mischievously, and then slipped down 
to coat the heavy webbed underside with saliva.  She was beginning to like 
sucking her husband's cock ... while her lover fucked her!
     Her hand reached up and cupped the squirming sac of his scrotum, 
kneading the fermenting balls, cradling them in her warm palm. Mike's 
hands tightened in her hair, forcing her mouth further down on his 
throbbing prick, till the smooth spongy head was pressing against her 
larynx, making her cough slightly from the unaccustomed contact.
     Mike was driven to frenzy by his wife's hungry sucking on his cock.  
He couldn't tear his eyes away from her full ovalled lips circling his 
rock-hard member, and his hands released their frenetic grip on her hair 
and dropped to knead savagely at the smooth orbs of her breasts.
     Sam continued to pump furiously into the gyrating woman, feeling her 
body jackknifing against him with each demonic stroke of his blood-hard 
prick.  His hands were like eagle's claws on her hips, and his body was 
straining every muscle taut as whipcord as he pounded mercilessly into 
her.
     Sandra was a fiery furnace of excitement and passion.  She had never 
felt like this before.  She loved being fucked by Sam while she was 
sucking her own husband's cock ... loved the feeling of Mike's prick 
plunging far back into her throat while Sam's rod plundered her pussy. She 
was being buffeted by two men, fucked by both at once, and she revelled in 
the lewd tbree-way act.
     She began to suck furiously as she sensed her husband's imminent 
release.  She could feel his body tense, and then she felt the rumble of 
his white-hot sperm along the tube of his cock, before it spurted in a 
boiling stream of frothy white nectar into the sanctuary of her throat. 
She swallowed and gulped as it continued to flow in a thick jet down her 
burning gullet, and her cheeks hollowed and filled as she strove to keep 
up with the never-ending shower, her lips tightly convoluted around the 
pumping cock, so as not to lose a precious drop of it.
     "Keep sucking... keep suckingggg..." Mike to drain every last drop 
into his wife's eager gulping throat.
     Sam stiffened like a bowstring just then, and his hoarse guttural 
cries sounded out as he began to batter against her like a bulldozer, his 
heavy pelvis slamming cruelly against her upraised crotch, squirting jet 
after jet of hot white semen into her hungrily churning belly in a 
constant river of his pent-up passion.
     A feeling of disappointment flickered through her as her husband's 
penis, at last spent and limp, slipped from her mouth, but just then, her 
own release was triggered by Sam's frantic pounding into her, and she felt 
herself lifted up in the arms of a giant whirlwind, and spun round and 
round, until she was flying by herself in a never-never land of complete 
euphoria.
     "I'm cumming!  I'm cumming!  I'm cumming!" she chanted, her body 
tossing and gyrating like a spinning top, flailing about under Sam's deep 
hard thrusts into her.
     Shriek after shriek flew past her sperm glistening lips as she was 
caught in the throes of spasm after delicious spasm of indescribable 
delight, each of which carried her far beyond the wildest bounds of what 
she had experienced before.
     At last, she was still, her body still twitching a little, as her 
nerve endings surrendered the last vestiges of their pleasure, and she lay 
back on the softness of the sweet smelling hay, beside the panting body of 
her husband and the satiated grunting figure of her lover.




Chapter 9

     Sandra's feelings of complete satiation was marred only by a nagging 
feeling of animosity ... towards Mike.  Even though things had turned out 
all right in the end, she couldn't rid herself of the desire for revenge.  
She couldn't forget how penitent she'd been when he had first come home, 
how she'd followed him out to the dairy, expressly for apologizing, how 
she'd discovered him making love to Eve, and worst of all, how he'd forced 
her and Sam into the debasing debacle.  She knew she'd always hold a 
grudge against him until she'd laid that ghost to rest.  Her body was 
aching with a pleasant sort of weariness, and groggily she staggered to 
her feet, peering around in the semi-darkness. Both Sam and Mike were 
still half-sprawled on the floor, and Sandra could just make out the 
whiteness of Eve's body as she stood in the corner against the wall.  The 
thought that her husband's mistress had witnessed her degradation added to 
her indignation, and a plan was forming in her lust-depraved mind.  Yes, 
I'll pay that bastard back ... making her way over to where Eve was 
standing silently.

*     *     *

     Mike was afraid to look at Sandra.  Afraid, and ashamed, too.  His 
anger had gotten the better of him, and had faded with his arousal; now he 
felt nothing but regret.  He knew he'd gone too far when he'd forced his 
own hired hand and his wife to perform in front of him. He'd no right to 
do it, he knew now, especially when he himself had just been fucking Eve. 
Who was he to throw stones?  For all he knew, catching him and Eve in the 
act might have set the ball rolling for his wife and Maguire.  I shouldn't 
have been so hasty ...
     Apprehensively, he watched Sandra get up. Where was she going, he 
puzzled, and then drew in his breath sharply when he saw her heading over 
to where Eve was still cringing against the wall.
     What was she going to do to the girl? he wondered, tempted to call 
out and warn Eve. His wife was probably angry enough for anything, maybe 
even for attacking the girl!
     "Sandy ..." he called softly, but she didn't seem to hear.  Afraid, 
Mike got to his feet, and hurried over to where the two women were 
standing.
     Sandra was looking intently at Eve, taking in every inch of her soft 
golden curves, feeling a stab of jealousy on seeing the girl's youthful 
perfection.
     There was a look of abject fear on her face, and her pale hair, seen 
in the dim light, made her look ghostly, a sad apparition.
     "Please, it's not my fault!" she whimpered, suddenly terrified of her 
employer's wife who was standing beside her.  With relief, Eve saw Mike 
coming towards them.  He'd protect her, save her from that madwoman ...
     "Sandra, leave Eve out of this!  Mike said authoritatively, and 
Sandra threw him a haughty glance.
     "No fear!" she scoffed, throwing her head back, "I'm going to find 
out just what it is you've been so interested in!"
     Sandra reached out her hand and rested it on the girl's shoulder, and 
then began to caress the soft flesh, dropping lower still until her hand 
was covering one of Eve's soft round breasts.
     "Sandra, for God's sake ..." Mike broke in.
     "Mmmm, not bad ..." Sandra noted, her hand moving to cup the other 
full white orb in her hand.  Eve's brown berry-like nipples leaped into 
erection at Sandra's touch and jutted out provocatively against her palm.  
Now Sandra was embracing the astonished girl, gathering her in her arms, 
pulling her toward her breasts, and then, Sandra lowered her mouth onto 
the girl's quivering lips, and planted them with soft, passionate kisses.  
Sandra could hear Mike's sharp intake of breath and felt a thrill of 
pleasure when she realized that her plan was working.  I'll make him sorry 
yet ... she promised, as she continued to shower hot little kisses on the 
surprised girl's lips, neck, throat.  Sandra was actually surprised by how 
pleasant it was to hold the other woman in her arms, and was glad that she 
was so pretty and soft and appealing.  She realized she felt a sort of 
sympathy for the girl, a mild desire to comfort her for what she had to go 
through.
     Mike stared dumbfounded at the two women, their arms entwined around 
each other. He couldn't believe it.  He had been sure they were going to 
come to blows, instead they were lovingly caressing and kissing each 
other.  Eve had suddenly come to life under his wife's attentions and was 
reciprocating with passionate leech-like kisses.  Her mouth was closing in 
on one of Sandra's pink little nipples, enclosing the hard little knob 
between her full ripe lips, sucking on it deliriously.  Sandra was 
emitting little moans of pleasure as she clung to the blonde, and Mike had 
to rub his eyes to make sure he wasn't seeing things.  Sam, too, had 
joined him, his mouth agape at the incredible sight.
     "Well, I'll be hornswoggled ..." he murmured, his eyes widening as he 
watched his mistress and the dairymaid melting together in passionate 
embrace.  He looked awkwardly at his boss, wondering what to say, but Mike 
was looking away embarrassedly, ashamed to look his employee in the eye.  
So they both turned their attention back to the girls ...
     They had slipped to the floor, golden body fused against creamy white 
one, and the two men watched in disbelief as Sandra began to slide along 
the ground, trailing kisses down the length of Eve's body, coming to rest 
on the golden triangle between her long slim legs.
     Sandra poised above the yellow thatch of pubic curls for a moment, 
and then dipped still lower, and slowly drew apart the girl's buttery 
thighs.  Her eyes gazed raptly at the enticing pink slit which appeared 
before her, crowned by a golden fleece.  She could see the thin hair-
feather outer lips throb slightly and placing a thumb and forefinger on 
each soft, tender flange, gently drew apart the fleshy folds, revealing 
the moist pink glory of her delicious young pussy.  The tiny pink tip of 
her clitoris peeped out from beneath the flaxen curls, and just below it, 
the small rosebud-like opening of her vagina glistened wetly.  Sandra had 
never seen a woman so close before.  It was all new and strange to her, 
yet she was driven by she didn't know what instinct.  She had forgotten 
her initial desire for revenge; she was enraptured by the sculptured 
wonder of the girl's soft, yielding body, and she was borne along by an 
inclination which was getting more clamorous as minutes ticked by.
     Slowly, she lowered her face towards the golden gateway, and drawing 
out her tongue, ran it along the full length of the narrow pink aperture.
     She felt the young girl draw back from the strange sensation, but she 
continued to touch the girl's tender young flesh with her tongue, 
tentatively licking and swiping with her own sensitive organ.  Her long 
slim fingers were pressing against the tender flesh of the girl's smooth 
thighs, and she began to grow more familiar with the other woman's 
perfumed young cunt, sweeping her tongue in long, caressing strokes along 
its velvety folds, dipping and probing and drawing out the ambrosia of her 
femininity.  She enclosed the turgid little button of her clitoris in her 
mouth, fastening it between her teeth, and titillating it with her tongue, 
making Eve squirm and moan with ecstatic pleasure.  Sandra's tongue 
searched and explored the secret creases and indentations of Eve's pussy, 
sending chills of pleasure rippling up and down her spine, making her 
grind the golden peak of her body down on the other woman's feverishly 
licking mouth.  She was beginning to mewl incessantly, her whole frame 
wracked with tiny spasms of pleasure.
     Mike just couldn't believe it.  The two women were twisting around on 
the floor like fish out of water, and Eve was moaning and sighing under 
his wife's oral love-making.  He could feel his own prick beginning to 
rise again, a new, piercing ache throbbing through it.  He was overcome 
with desire for his wife, and for his mistress, and experienced an acute 
agony which stemmed from the knowledge that he was excluded.  They didn't 
need him ... they were sensually aroused without him ...
     He continued to watch astonished as Eve suddenly began to swivel 
around, until her head was reaching down for Sandra's loins. Sandra, 
realizing what was happening, languidly spread her thighs, and Mike gasped 
as he saw Eve lower her pale oval face between the creamy columns of his 
wife's legs.  Eve was going to suck his wife's pussy!
     Sandra moaned into Eve's steaming crotch as she felt the first touch 
of the girl's cool tongue on her burning vaginal lips.  It felt so soft, 
so soothing and she sighed, stretching out her legs as Eve continued to 
tease her twirling little tongue along the length of her hot pussy, 
soaking up her free-flowing juices, nibbling the little bud of her rigid 
clitoris, jabbing experimentally at the clasping hole of her cunt.
     Sandra never knew that kissing and licking a woman's pussy, and being 
kissed and sucked by a woman in return, could be so exciting, and yet so 
relaxing.  Safe, somehow.  She felt instinctively that the girl wasn't 
going to do her any harm, and she, in turn, wished to give Eve pleasure, 
nice, soothing pleasure.
     Their bodies were fused together, dark hair against soft blonde pubic 
curls, blonde head against soft dark pubic curls, the gold and the white 
blending in a delicious sinewy streak of smoothly naked feminine flesh.  
They licked and sucked and slavered in each other's pussies, oblivious of 
the hard breathing, and unabashed gaping of the two men, completely 
nonplussed in their sudden, unexpected exclusion.
     The tempo of the rhythmic churning increased, and the bobbing heads 
became more frantic in their movements, and then the men saw that the two 
bodies became as taut as plumb-lines, before collapsing in a series of 
head-to-toe spasms, which culminated in muffled sighs and moans, drowned 
in the steaming softness of the two twitching cunts.
     Sandra felt her body rise and fall like a feather floating in a 
gentle breeze, as Eve's tongue whipped her into achieving a climax unlike 
any she had before.  She could feel Eve's cuntal walls contract tightly 
around her nose and mouth, almost smothering her, and tugging painfully on 
her slashing tongue, before ejecting a warm mist of softly-scented 
moisture which bathed her face and signalled the girl's simultaneous 
climax.  The mistress and wife clung tremulously to each other, their 
mutual embraces helping to still the last quivering vestiges of their 
orgasms.
     Sandra felt as if she were floating on Cloud Nine.  Everything was 
working out.  She had got her revenge on Mike, while at the same time 
discovering a new dimension in sensual excitement which she hadn't 
suspected existed.  Her latest experience had acted as a salve for her 
preceding ordeal, its gentle feminine satiation the perfect counterpart 
for the animalistic satisfaction of the other.
     But her peaceful reverie was brought abruptly to an end as she felt 
hands once more curving around her buttocks.
     "W-wha ..." was all she managed to stammer, before she found herself 
being pulled up on all fours.  The hands were kneading the soft pliant 
flesh of her bottom, caressing and pummelling it in turns.  She winced as 
she felt the unmistakable burning shaft of an engorged penis prodding at 
her, the hard, mushrooming head probing obscenely at the tender folds of 
her pussy half concealed by the flesh of her thighs.
     Casting around in the semi-darkness, she could make out Sam standing 
near her, his huge, sturdy penis held aloft in his hand like some barbaric 
weapon, his eyes glinting eerily in the half-light.  It was Mike then, who 
was positioning himself behind her!
     A weird shudder ran through her at the thought that it was her 
husband who was prodding her with his giant weapon, her husband who was 
poising the rock-hard head of his prick at the quivering entrance to her 
still tingling vagina.  He's going to take me from behind, her mind 
realized, and then...
     "AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH ..." she called out, unable to stop the shriek 
from sounding as she felt the first nudging of his pounding cock as it 
insinuated itself inside her hotly trembling cuntal sheath.
     "NNNnnnngggghhhhhhhh ..." she continued to moan, as it plowed 
inexorably on its way, separating the yielding membrane of her vaginal 
passage as it advanced into her depths. With a smack, she felt the 
dangling weight of his balls slap against the flattened arcs of her 
backside, and then felt the niggling tickle of the hard round head as it 
probed the sensitive zone of her womb.  Her husband's hands dug into the 
soft fleshy cheeks of her ass, and pulled them even further back, 
skewering her even more on his pistoning rod, making her knees rise up 
from the ground, burying every single inch of his weapon in his wife's 
heated interior.
     He held her there in position for a moment, flexing his prick 
slightly inside, feeling her internal muscle throb in joyful answer, 
before slipping out again, almost all the way, until just the glossy 
hardness of the bulbous head was still imbedded in her tight passage.  
Then he rammed forward once more, shaking her body violently with the 
force of his entry, making her breasts jiggle as they hung down from the 
whiteness of their moorings.
     "Aaaaaaahhhhhhhh ... mmmmmm ... it's good ..." she began to sigh as 
he commenced to screw in and out of her with long, hard, smooth 
experienced strokes.  He was amazed at the expert, new response in his 
wife's body, and tried not to think of who had been her teacher, just 
willed himself to enjoy the incredible pleasure that she had to give.
     Sandra continued to screw her backside back on her husband's oncoming 
pole of hardened flesh, feeling the spheres of her ass flaring around the 
wiry tangle of his pubic thatch, feeling the hardness of his pelvis as she 
swung back against him.  For the first time, she was enjoying, really 
enjoying, fucking and being fucked by her husband, relishing his masculine 
body more than she had ever done.
     Through half-closed eyes, she saw Sam suddenly pounce on the still 
prostrate body of Eve, and roughly spread her legs wide.  Sandra felt a 
sympathetic wince as she noticed the girl's eyes open wide in initial 
alarm at the size of the huge male cock prodding at the quivering flesh of 
her tiny pink vaginal slit.  Sam's eyes were bulging with obscene pleasure 
as he gazed down at the supine body beneath him, not being able to believe 
that she was lying unprotesting under him.  He held his huge palpitating 
cock there between the splayed thighs for a moment, and then with a 
bestial grunt, charged forward, and sunk it right to the hilt, in one 
savage movement, in the astonished young girl's pussy.
     "UUURRRGGGHHHHhhhhhhhhh ..." she gasped from the harshness of the 
farm worker's entrance into her soft body.  He hesitated just a moment 
before withdrawing it again almost completely, and immediately he began to 
fuck in and out of her with fast, hungry strokes.  Impatiently, he grasped 
the girl's slender ankles, and forced each one back up over his shoulder, 
revealing the whole naked plane of her trembling little cunt, unprotected 
before his onslaught.
     Sandra, enjoying the easy rhythm of her husband's thrusts into her 
from behind, leaned forward, eager to soothe the troubled girl, whose face 
wore a distinct look of pain as she bore the savage rapidity of the 
workman's instrokes.  She began to kiss the agonized girl, finding her 
young lips warm and tender against hers, slipping her tongue past the 
guardian teeth, encouraging Eve's dormant tongue into a lewd ecstatic 
dance of joy, whipping up a froth of frenzy as they lashed and swirled and 
fenced with each other.  Her hands reached down and clasped a golden 
sphere in each, titillating the enticing little buds into erect little 
knobs which jutted up erectly from the crinkled brown aureoles.
     Sandra continued to kiss and caress her husband's mistress, while her 
own lover screwed brutally into her, and while she herself was being 
fucked canine-fashion by her own husband!
     Sandra was thrilled by the lewd implications of the wild four-way act 
she was involved in. This was even more incredible than she'd ever 
imagined ... she had certainly run the gamut of sexual experiences today.  
Already her mind was jumping ahead to even more exciting adventures, more 
perverse, more lurid ... more pleasurable.
     But right now, her body was afire with unbelievable flames of 
passion.  Her husband's pelvic thrusts grew more and more frantic and her 
own churning was more frenetic as her wet asscheeks slapped against her 
husband's pelvis and his hot pounding prick tore into her with the energy 
of an electric drill.  And the soft touch of Eve's lips under hers and the 
delicious feel of her breasts in her hands added a hundredfold to her 
pleasure, as all four raced each other in a wild free-for-all for the 
biggest prize of all.
     And Sandra herself won!  She was the first to cum, and her body 
twisted and jerked out of control, throwing her into the hands of an 
earth-shattering climax which shook her like a volcano, sending molten 
lava flying over her flesh, electrifying her into new, incredible spasms 
of wild, passionate pleasure.
     "OH GOD ... I'm there ..." she sobbed out, as she tossed and writhed 
like a captured snake, desperately trying to milk her husband of his life-
giving nectar for which her tortured sheath cried out.  And she succeeded.
     "Oh Christ Sandy, fuck back ... fuck back, because I'm ... I'm ... 
AAAGGGHHHHHHH ..."  And he was battering against her like a mad bull, his 
huge enraged prick ejaculating with the strength of a fire extinguisher, 
scalding her raw passage with jets of hot fluid which shot far up into her 
voraciously accepting womb.  Her thirsting passage greedily drank in all 
of the warm offering, begging for more, trying to squeeze every last drop 
from his exhausted prick.  From the back of her mind, she was aware of Eve 
and Sam cumming simultaneously, their cries hoarse and untamed as they 
slapped and pounded against each other in a mutual demand for release.
     All four collapsed together in a wanton, abandoned heap, arms and 
legs all akimbo. Sandra was utterly exhausted, feeling certain she would 
never again have the strength to make love again, but Sam and Eve and her 
husband all united and proved how wrong she was, right into the early 
hours of the morning, when finally Sandra dropped off into a satiated 
trance, her mouth curved into a Mona Lisa smile. "Mmmmm, what a day this 
has been..."




Chapter 10

     Sandra absently shuffled the application forms around the crowded 
desk, pushing aside the big leather bound Farm Accounts book. Yesterday 
had been a hectic day for her, and she was glad to be taking it easy 
today.  Five interviews she had conducted, starting early in the morning.  
Their farm was expanding so they needed another farm worker, and Sandra 
was in charge of selecting an applicant.  Not that she minded that job.  
It was all part of the new arrangement she and Mike had come to about the 
running of the farm, several months ago.  It seemed like years ago now 
since that day, which was a turning point in her life, when she and her 
husband and the two hired workers had entwined in an incredible foursome 
in the dairy.  But that day had been the start of a whole new way of life 
for her, and for Mike, too, Sandra thought, feeling a little twinge of 
jealousy as she remembered Sheila, the new redhead who had taken Eve's 
place.  Although part of the agreement they had reached was that her 
husband could have a free hand with the new student, Sandra couldn't help 
feeling a stab of envy at times.
     Still, she was well compensated for having to share her husband with 
another woman.
     Yes, she thought, stretching her long sinuous legs out under the 
desk, I've nothing to complain about!  Mike had agreed to her continuing 
her relationship with Sam, but she found that he alone couldn't satisfy 
her completely and she found herself looking further afield for satiation.  
And of course, her neighbors were only too glad to oblige.  The 
veterinarian's visit was due next week, and Sandra felt a tingle of 
appreciation tickle her groin as she recalled her last incredible bout 
with the Vet, when he had taken her in front and Sam had fucked her 
anally.  It seemed to her as if this was the way her life had always been, 
and she couldn't remember what it was like before.  Her body was the boss 
- her desire, her passion governed her completely.
     She enjoyed her husband's body more and more, too, and didn't mind 
that their relationship had evolved into one of convenient mutual sexual 
satisfaction - and nothing else.  Still, it meant she could go on savoring 
the offerings of all her neighbors and friends.
     She ran her eyes over the resumes of the applicants she had 
interviewed yesterday.  Two in particular stood out in her mind, and she 
knew that the choice lay between them.
     "Mmmm", she murmured, tapping her teeth with her pencil, "Pablo seems 
to know a lot about the job, and is certainly very handsome, but on the 
other hand, Bill looks as if he were hung like one of our breeding bulls 
..."



The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





