BDSM Library - Submission




Submission
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young man who binds himself for an on line acquaintence finds imself in everyone's worst nitemare.
Submission
by Sub Dan

My god was I scared. Why did I agree to this?

I met her on-line and quickly became her on-line slave, or whore, as she liked
to call me. In fact I was captivated by the relationship and her from the get
go. I set up my own yahoo account specifically for her and called her Mistress
Jen, as per her command. We chatted during the nights and got to know each
other. We exchanged pictures and I found she was indeed very beautiful.

As we got to know each other I revealed things to her I would have never told
anyone. She used these things to train me on-line and I loved every minute of
it. But now I was terribly nervous in my current position. We had never met in
person. That was to happen today.

As per her request I was to prepare myself for her. How so? It seems she wanted
complete and total control, starting before we met.

My apartment was to be left unlocked. She wanted to find me naked. She wanted me
bound. I was to gag and blindfold myself as well. That wouldn't have been such a
big deal since I've practiced self-bondage on myself a number of times and
enjoyed it tremendously. But she commanded me to do it without a release
mechanism. It goes without saying just how vulnerable I would be. But she
commanded it, and I had to follow through.

I began by unlocking my apartment. I walked into the bedroom and undressed
quickly. I had prepared much before hand so I wouldn't lose my nerve. I did have
a key to the cuffs, and I even considered having it handy, but didn't want to
displease my Mistress. I laid down on the bed and secured my legs to the far
corners of the bedposts using one rope so I could make it as tight as possible.
My hands were now shaking. I grabbed the ball gag and tied it tightly around my
head. She knew I could work it out when I really tried to (since I told her
this) so she commanded me to add a few passes of duct tape to hold it in place.

My god was I nervous. What if she couldn't make it? What if she got in an
accident on the way over? Why am I doing this myself? I sighed and exhaled
through my nose. No time to turn around now. I acted quickly so that I wouldn't
lose my nerve. I picked up the clips and attached them to my nipples. Mmmmmm, I
could tell they would be sore, and soon. Working fast I slipped the hood over my
head and secured it. I stretched it my left arm out, found the slipknot and
pulled it tight around my arm. No turning back now. I stretched my right arm
out, found the cuff, and after a final moment of sanity, clicked it shut.
Instantly, panic overcame me and I struggled mightily for about 5 minutes.

Then I settled down and accepted the fact that I was completely and totally
helpless, depending on a woman I had never met to free me. God, why did I do
this to myself?

My cock was incredibly hard by this point, and the clips were working as well. I
rolled around a little (ok a lot!) trying to find someway to relive the tension
in my cock by getting myself off. No luck. It was driving me nuts but I was
stuck. I was helpless, very aroused, and very nervous. I was probably so
engrossed in these thoughts, coupled with the fact that the hood cut off much of
me hearing, that I didn't hear her let herself in. At least I hoped it was her.

Without warning, the clip on my nipple was being jerked. I panicked. I struggled
for a moment before remembering that there was nothing I could do. God I hoped
this was her. Please, be her. I laid there very still and waited for something
else. Nothing came. I began trying to make some noise but the gag was doing its
job very well.

Finally, after what seemed like an hour, I felt my bed sink as someone got on it
with me roped and cuffed very securely to it. God, I hoped this was her and not
someone, anyone else. As I felt the mystery person lean on me I realized how
hard my cock was. I could feel the pre-cum oozing out of me long before I felt
the fingers give my cock a teasing stroke. I think she felt it pump once and
realized just how excited I was. Instantly I breathed in though my nose as hard
as I could out of sheer excitement. After another pause, I felt a tongue begin
dancing on my nipples through the clips.

Instantly I began squirming and breathing very hard. Mistress Jen knew from our
on-line play that my nipples are very sensitive. I squirmed and made inaudible
noises from behind the gag, God this was driving me nuts. But she didn't stop!
If only I could rub my cock on something. Anything! She was killing me, she knew
it, and I knew she was loving it.

I guess I was so engrossed in this that I didn't feel her hand snake up and grab
the tape reinforcing the ball gag I had used. In an instant it was torn off.
Quickly I forced the ball gag out of my mouth and called out her name mixed with
a slur of "Oh gods."

Instantly a hand grabbed my balls and squeezed hard. I figured this meant for me
to not speak. I remained quiet, though I was still panting heavily. I felt her
shift on the bed and she slid herself on top of me, carefully avoiding my
manhood. I could feel her breath on my nose and lips. Her body, which seemed to
be covered in something made of soft leather or PVC and my cock throbbed
involuntarily at the thought. Her tits were pressing the clips into my chest
tormented my already throbbing nipples.

I could tell that she was testing me. It took every once of self-control to not
try and lean forward for a kiss. I waited nervously. When she finally leaned
down and kissed me I was in heaven. She knew I had a thing for slick, sticky -
glossy lips. Our tongues met as she smeared her lips against mine. I could feel
the stuff covering my lips and my hips pressed forward looking for something to
rub against. She withdrew from the kiss and sat up on my chest. Her fingers
began diddling my nipples and she spoke. This was the first time I knew it was
her.

"Slave, I am pleased with you. You have followed my orders and I have rewarded
you with some of your favorite things. Do you agree with me?"

 "Yes Mistress. You have treated me better than I deserve."

 "A good answer slave. I enjoy seeing you like this. I have taken several
pictures already with my digital camera. You will now be at my disposal whenever
I wish, or I will do some terribly embarrassing things with these pictures. Is
this clear to you whore?"

 "Yes Mistress."

"Whore, you know your Mistress gets pleasure from controlling you. I like to see
you helpless. I like to feel my control of you. I am a kind Mistress, but I also
get a tremendous amount of pleasure from hurting you. And I love humiliating
you. Slave, when I masturbate, I think of doing things to you that will make you
blush, squirm, beg, and sometimes scream. But you know this, don't you whore?"

"Yes Mistress. I am yours to use," I said nervously. It was one thing to agree
to these things with an anonymous woman while chatting on the Internet. It was
quite another to have this woman sitting on your chest while you are completely
and totally helpless.

"If you can please me my whore, then we will meet like this often - and we will
both have many of our fantasies fulfilled. At least I know I will. So, you've
been tied like this for about 2 hours, yes?" I shook my head and said, "Yes
Mistress," to my unseen tormentor.

"Good. Today I don't think I'm going to hurt you. That will come later. Tonight,
I wish to humiliate you and make you do things that will make you feel ashamed.
That is what I plan for you today. Does that excite you my whore?"

 "Yes Mistress," came out in a gasp.

"Good," she said with a long pause, "Today, you will eat your own come. Would
you like to do that for me my whore?"

 I swallowed hard and sighed. Although this was a scenario we played out a
number of times on-line, it was quite another to agree to it in person.

"Yes, Mistress," I said with a feeling of dread.

 "Now slave," She said grasping the sore clips that were digging into my now
tender nipples, "I want you to beg me to do that to you," and she tugged hard on
the clips.

"Please Mistress," I gasped in pain, "Please Mistress let me eat my own come."

I heard her chuckle and say, "As you wish my whore." With that she crawled off
me, I assume to remove her panties, which went over my face. I felt her climb on
me and press the tip of my cock against the sopping wet entrance to her cunt.
Her face was very close to mine and she whispered "I want you to come twice for
me slave," and with that, she impaled herself on my manhood.

My first orgasm must have taken five strokes. I dreaded it, but I must have
pumped a half a pint of come into her. She didn't stop, and continued riding me
through at least three of her own orgasms before I came again.

She settled down and pulled her panties over my head leaving them hanging 
around my neck. With my cock still inside her, she whispered, "OK whore, it's
time for you to taste your own come. I want you to get it all. If I sense for a
second you are holding back, even a little, not only will I send the pictures to
everyone I got from your computer when I first got here, but I'll walk out of
here leaving you in a less than envious position. Do I make myself clear whore?"

"Yes Mistress," I said with as much enthusiasm as a bound man about to be forced
to eat his own come can.

 "Good, I think I'm going to like using you," she whispered before giving me
another kiss from her still glossy lips. And with that she pulled herself off me
and settled on my face. God it was humiliating, but I did my best, realizing
that this was the most exciting and fulfilling experience of my life. With my
face smeared with her juices (and my own come) she got off me.

Before I could react, the ball gag was forced back in my mouth and two pieces of
duct tape were added. Instantly I began to sense something was wrong.

I heard her heels hit the floor as she walked towards the door. Before she left
I heard her say, "Good luck getting free whore. I know it would be terribly
embarrassing to have someone find you bound and gagged with your own come
smeared all over your face. Don't worry though, I'm leaving a rope tied to the
bedpost out into the main hallway of the apartment building with a note on the
other end telling whoever finds it to "follow it for a big surprise." And yes,
your door will be left wide open



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sub Dan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





