BDSM Library - The morning after




The morning after
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Elaine and Julie are further humiliated because of last night's poker game. (Sequel to A Night Out)
The morning after


(Continued from "A Night Out")
"Was it all a dream?" Mark wondered to himself as he lay in bed and thought
about the events of the previous night. The sight of his stepmother and Elaine
naked bound and gagged with their hair cut short was something he was not going
to forget in a long time. As he lay there he listened for several minutes but
there was not a sound coming from anywhere else in the house.
"The other two must still be asleep," he decided, "after all they did have a
hard night." Then he remembered that Elaine was still trussed up in the lounge
and in a flash he was out of bed and hurriedly getting dressed.
"Somebody ought to check she is alright," he told himself as he buttoned his
shirt, but really he just wanted to get another look at his neighbour's naked
body, especially her magnificent breasts..... As he pulled on his shoes he
recalled that Julie had decreed that Elaine be left tied for the night.
"I'll get some sleep and deal with her in the morning" were her exact words and
Mark knew that today was going to turn out to be very interesting. In fact it
was going to turn out far more interesting than he could ever have imagined.
Mark crept down the stairs and quietly opened the lounge door. He put his head
round the door to see that Elaine was fast asleep on the sofa, still naked and
still bound although he was rather disappointed to see that her back was facing
towards him to him . He toyed with the idea of waking her but then heard
movement from upstairs, Julie was obviously awake, and he decided that it would
definitely be more fun to let his stepmother rouse their sleeping neighbour. So
he slipped out of the room and went into the kitchen with Julie appearing about
5 minutes later just as Mark had finished making some coffee.
"Is she still asleep?" Julie immediately asked
"Yep," Mark replied trying to sound casual.
"Good, I'm going to make sure she really regrets last night," Julie added.
Mark was excited, "This is going to be fun," he thought to himself, knowing that
his stepmother could be a devious bitch when she put her mind to it.
Julie poured herself a coffee and sat down at the kitchen table opposite Mark to
drink it.
"Err, what are you going to do about your hair?" Mark asked her, looking at the
remains of her hairstyle.
"I'll sort that later," Julie replied, "but right now I intend to sort that
stupid cow in the lounge, she really dropped me in it last night." And with that
she downed the last of her coffee, slammed the mug on the table and marched
through to the lounge. Mark made sure he was not far behind her and entered the
room just in time to see his stepmother tip the still sleeping Elaine off the
sofa. She awoke with a muffled cry as she hit the floor and this was closely
followed by a rather higher pitched scream, although still stifled by the tape
across her mouth, as Julie gave her neighbour a sharp kick in the back. Elaine
was coming to her senses as Julie said, "Let me help you up," and with that
hauled Elaine to her feet by her hair, causing her to emit yet another muffled
cry. Still holding the bound woman's hair Julie brought her face close to
Elaine's, Mark could see that there was a certain amount of fear in her eyes,
and said, "Now listen to me very carefully. Last night you caused me to lose all
my clothes , have my hair cut off and then be bound and gagged before being left
to walk across town completely naked. Not only that but we were nearly caught by
the police and when we finally got home I had to expose myself to my stepson,
and it is all your fault!"
Elaine tried to say something but it was completely unintelligible through the
tape.
"What did you say?" Julie asked in an angry voice as she grabbed a corner of the
tape and ripped it from Elaine's mouth in one vicious pull.
This time Elaine's cry was not muffled and when she had recovered from the shock
of having the tape suddenly removed she repeated in a small whisper, "I'm so
sorry I really am, what can I do to make it up to you?"
"Well I don't know," Julie replied, stringing the nervous woman along. "What do
you think Mark?"
Mark who had been thoroughly enjoying the unfolding spectacle was suddenly
rather taken aback at being included in it.
"I.. er.. I don't really know" he stammered thinking rapidly. "How about if she
cleans my bedroom for me," he finished lamely, not really sure how far he could
go.
"That's a bit tame," his stepmother retorted, "but if you like she can clean
your room for the next month. She'll also be doing it naked starting as of
tomorrow."
Elaine didn't dare argue
"But right now, I have something a little more daring for you, Mark get the
scissors from the kitchen, she'll need her hands for this."
Reluctantly Mark complied as he wanted to hear what his stepmother had planned,
and he had just got the scissors from the kitchen drawer when he heard Elaine
utter a pleading "NO!. Please don't make me do that."
Mark hastily headed back to the lounge only to collide in the doorway with a
naked Elaine being manhandled out of the room by Julie. He could resist a quick
feel of her breasts as he pushed up against her, they felt so good.
"Cut her arms free," Julie told him and he did as he was told easily cutting
through the tape and then pulling it off of Elaine's wrists. Mark didn't have
chance to ask what was happening before Julie frog-marched the stark naked woman
through the kitchen and literally threw her out of the door locking it behind
her. He watched in amazement as Elaine pounded on the door and begged to be let
in . Julie stood with arms folded for a minute with an amused smirk on her face
before telling her, "I'll let you back in when you've done what I've told you to
do," and then she turned on her heel and walked past Mark back into the lounge.
Curiosity finally overcame him and he rushed after Julie.
"What does she have to do?" he blurted out as soon as he entered the room.
Julie, who was just settling down on the sofa, looked up at him and grinned.
"Oh, nothing that difficult. I just want my car washed."
Mark was stunned for a moment and then laughed. "Lucky for her it's parked on
the drive beside the house and not on the road at the front," he joked.
"Shit," Julie replied, "I wish I'd thought of that and I'd have moved it"
"Christ!" Mark thought to himself she probably would have as well!
"Well," Julie said suddenly standing up, "are we going to stay here or are we
going to watch the entertainment outside." There was no need for Mark to reply,
he just smiled at his stepmother. Julie decided that they would get a good view
from her bedroom window and led the way upstairs, Mark's heart was pounding as
he followed her, this was better than he could have ever expected. Once in the
bedroom they went straight over to the window and looked down .Julie was right,
Mark decided almost immediately, there was a good view from this window, they
would be able to see all that happened from their vantage point. The car was
there and so was an uncoiled hose, but at first Mark could not see Elaine. Then
he spotted her peeking round the end of the garage, a few seconds later she
scurried out from her cover, clutching a bucket of soapy water, and went over to
the car. It was clear that she had realized that the only way to get back inside
was to wash the car as quickly as possible and she was sponging the soap on as
fast as she could, pausing only occasionally to glance up the drive to see if
anybody was watching her from the road. She wasn't aware that Mark and Julie
were watching her, although that wouldn't have bothered her, she was far more
concerned about being spotted by a passer by, or worse still somebody she knew.
This last thought spurred her on to wash the car even faster and in no time she
was turning the hose on to rinse off the suds, washing a car stark naked in
broad daylight was not her idea of fun, but she knew Julie was mad at her and
most likely had even worse in store.
Up in the bedroom it was apparent that Elaine was nearly finished and Julie said
"I'd better go down and make sure she's done it properly." But when she had gone
half way across the bedroom she stopped and turned to Mark,
"On second thoughts, you can go if you want."
Marks confidence was growing all the time and he readily agreed.
"Good, it'll be even more embarrassing for her" Julie added.
As Mark went down the stairs she called after him, "And make sure you take your
time checking the car, keep her waiting."
"OK," Mark called back.
He reached the kitchen door, took a deep breath, unlocked it and stepped outside
just as Elaine was turning off the hose. She looked round and blushed slightly
when she saw it was Mark, after all he was not much older than some of the
pupils she taught.
"I've finished," she said quietly at the same time as unconsciously shielding
her breasts from Marks gaze with her left arm, "Can I come back in?"
Mark put on his sternest voice and replied, "Not until I've made sure you have
washed the car properly, now follow me."
Mark then spent several minutes walking round the car finding fault with it, he
made Elaine follow him and drew her attention to the bits she had missed. The
naked woman was growing increasingly nervous and kept glancing towards the road,
still fearful of being spotted as she followed Mark around. Finally Mark stopped
and looked at her.
"Not good enough, do it again."
"NOOOO!" Elaine wailed as Mark set off towards the kitchen door. She grabbed
hold of his arm to stop him and begged to be allowed back in.
Mark pushed her away and laughed. "Only joking," he laughed. "It will do."
Virtually sobbing with relief Elaine headed for the comparative safety of the
kitchen but was stopped as Mark said, "But first you can put away the hose."
Elaine didn't argue but coiled the hose up as fast as she could before hurrying
into the kitchen. Her relief was short lived, however, as stood in the middle of
the kitchen floor was Julie with her hands on her hips.
"Having fun?" she enquired of her naked neighbour. Elaine did not reply but
looked nervously at the floor. "I'm glad you're so interested in my floor,"
Julie continued, as Mark came into the room behind Julie, "because you're going
to get on your hands and knees and scrub it for me in a few minutes." She then
paused before adding "with this" and held up a nail brush. Elaine didn't
protest; it was considerably better than being outside.
"Before you start, Mark and I are going to have a coffee and think up more
things for you to do so you can go and kneel in the middle of the hallway with
your hands on your head while we talk about you." Mark and his stepmother
watched as she did as she was told without protest and Julie then closed the
door but before she could utter a single word the phone rang . She opened the
kitchen door she had just closed and went into the hall to answer it.
Julie picked up the phone.
"Hello," she said, and then, "Oh Hi, Dave, whereabouts are you." It was her
husband calling from some foreign port. "South Africa, well it will a few weeks
before you're back home then".
"Just as well," Mark thought to himself, "It'll give your hair chance to grow."
"No, nothing of excitement happening round here," Julie said continuing her
conversation and glancing at the naked Elaine kneeling in the middle of the
hall. Mark shot her a withering look and Julie grinned back sheepishly before
continuing her conversation. Mark wandered off into the lounge whilst Julie
chatted to her husband but after about 5 minutes he heard his stepmother call,
"Mark, your father would like to talk to you."
Mark wandered back to the hall to be met by Julie holding out the phone to him.
Her finger was firmly on the mute button as she hissed, "For gods sake, don't
tell him what has happened."
At that moment a devious idea flashed into Mark's mind, prompted by the events
of the last 24 hours, and instead of promising his stepmother not to spill the
beans he said, "Unless you're out of your clothes in the next thirty seconds and
kneeling next to Elaine, I'll tell him all that there is to tell.
Julie's mouth dropped open in a mixture of shock and amazement and Elaine was
heard to gasp loudly. "You wouldn't do that to me?" Julie asked extremely
nervously, Mark just grinned in reply. Julie clearly didn't know whether he was
bluffing or not and hesitated for several seconds. Then she thrust the phone at
Mark having decided that he was not going to tell.
"Hi Dad" Mark spoke into the receiver,
"Hi, Mark" came a very clear reply from Dave despite the fact he was in South
Africa. "You keeping alright?"
"Yes fine thanks," Mark replied,
"Good, and looking after Julie for me, I trust?" Dave asked laughingly.
"Looking after Julie," Mark repeated as he watched an expression of horror
spread over his stepmother's face.
"Just a second," and punched the mute button.
"Well, what's it to be?" Mark asked the wide eyed Julie, at the same time he
noticing a slight smirk on the still kneeling Elaine's face. Julie decided she
couldn't take the chance as to whether or not he was bluffing.
"You bastard," she spluttered and very quickly pulled her jumper over her head
frantically tossing it behind her, it had hardly touched the ground before her
sandals were off and her skirt was on its way past her knees. At this point Mark
resumed the conversation with his father.
"Sorry about that, some idiot at the door, where were we?" he continued. "Oh, I
remember, Julie is behaving herself most of the time," he told his father. This
brought another gasp from her as her bra flew across the room. His father
laughed at his son's seemingly joking remark.
"Good," he said, "make sure she stays out of trouble." It was Mark's turn to
laugh, firstly at his father's comment and secondly at Julie as she virtually
ripped her knickers off and unceremoniously plonked herself on the floor next to
Elaine. She looked up at him and in response Mark motioned to her to put her
hands on her head like Elaine whilst continuing to talk to his father.
It wasn't long before Dave had to finish the phone call and Mark said his
goodbyes before holding the phone up for Julie to do likewise. Quite what Dave
would have done if he had known his wife had been stripped naked during his call
but he was totally ignorant of the goings on of the past night which Mark
decided was probably for the best. He put the phone down and there was silence.
Julie eventually broke it by saying, "I suppose you think that is funny," in a
rather angry voice.
"No, not really," Mark replied, " I just thought that as you've had your revenge
on Elaine here, it was now my turn to pay you back for the fright you gave me
last night."
"Piss off," Julie retorted and started to get up.
"STOP!" Mark ordered in a loud voice that did actually make Julie stop and also
Elaine flinch. "You'd better do as I say or I'll tell the full story to Dad when
he gets back," and broke into a broad grin.
Julie dejectedly resumed her position on her knees and looked up at Mark, she
knew when she was beaten.
"Before Dad rang," he began, at the same time walking round behind the naked
women, " You were going to get Elaine to scrub the kitchen floor on her hands
and knees, well, now you can help her." He let that sink in before ordering them
both to crawl into the kitchen and watched in delight as their did so with
breasts swinging in front of them and bottoms wiggling behind. Mark wandered
into the kitchen a moment later to see his stepmother and neighbour stood at the
sink filling a bucket.
"Hurry up," he ordered in the most authoritative voice he could summon up and in
a short space of time both woman were on their hands and knees scrubbing. Just
for good measure he wandered over and picking up a plastic ruler that was on the
table applied it lightly to their upturned bottoms.
The response was a couple of yelps followed by Julie hissing, "Bastard" between
clenched teeth . He was just sitting down to watch them when the phone rang
again. Julie stared to get up but was stopped by Mark.
"Don't stop," he ordered, " I'll get it." And went into the hallway to answer it
shutting the kitchen door behind him..
The two women heard him talking on the phone but the door ensured they could not
hear exactly what was being said. They presumed it was one of his friends and
continued to scrub the floor . Both felt extremely foolish to have ended up like
this but neither said a word to the other, Julie still blamed Elaine for the
whole sad affair and Elaine did not want to antagonize Julie even further, so
they just scrubbed. They were almost half finished when Mark strode back into
the kitchen.
"Get up" he said sounding very serious, "We've got real trouble."
The naked pair exchanged puzzled glances and did as Mark asked, they could tell
by his voice that it was no longer a game. As they rose Mark continued, "That
was that pratt Ian on the phone, the one you "entertained" last night," the two
women were now very worried.
"What did he want." Julie asked anxiously.
"He said he had one or two little ideas on how you might like to get back the
clothes you lost last night."
"No chance," Julie retorted.
"He can keep the clothes," Elaine added.
"Unfortunately," Mark interrupted, "there is a catch." Both women turned ashen
as he went on, "Apparently Ian and his chums had a hidden camera and if you
don't want to attempt to get your clothes back they will post pictures of the
whole evening on the Internet." Elaine gasped in horror whilst Julie just stared
at Mark in disbelief.
"That's blackmail," she cried
"I suppose your right," Mark agreed sadly, "but do you really have any choice?"
There was silence in the room for over a minute whilst they all tried to think
of a way out of the situation. Nothing was forthcoming and at last Elaine sighed
and said, "What do we have to do for him?"
Mark looked at her and replied " I don't really know, all I have is a place we
have to go to."
"We?" Julie queried, "What's it got to do with you?"
"I don't know," Mark answered, "but I was told I have to drive you."
"Oh well" Julie said, " We'd better get some clothes and prepare to be
humiliated again."
"I'm afraid not," Mark told them uneasily. "Ian said you are only to wear shoes
and coats and nothing else."
"I'm not doing that." Elaine blurted, " He can get lost"
"Oh shut up," Julie ordered putting on her stern voice. "Remember it was you who
caused all this."
Elaine didn't respond, she knew Julie was right.
"I'll lend you a coat and shoes since you didn't bring any with you," she added
her voice softening again. Mark smiled inwardly at his stepmother's veiled
sarcasm and a mental image of Julie and Elaine standing on the doorstep naked
and bound that previous night flashed before his eyes.
"Neither of you came back with anything," he thought to himself.
Julie's voice brought him back to the present
"Where have we got to go?" she asked
"Quite a few miles out of town," Mark replied, "well into the country"
"Oh dear, I don't like this at all, " Elaine added nervously.
Julie just glared at her and went to get some coats and shoes.
Five minutes later the two women walked nervously out of the house and went and
stood by the car, they waited for Mark to lock the house and then unlock the
car. Both were just wearing coats and shoes, as they had been instructed, being
completely naked underneath. They were extremely nervous not at their immediate
predicament, to a passer by they only looked slightly odd wearing big winter
coats on a bright summer day, but instead dreading what lay ahead of them. Mark
joined them unlocked the car and they all got in, Mark driving, Julie in the
front passenger seat and Elaine in the back. As they set off out of the drive
and down the road Mark explained to them that they were to go to a place where
Ian had told him to take them and instructions would be there as to what would
happen next.
"Bit melodramatic isn't it?" Elaine said
"Yes," Mark agreed, "this Ian is one weird guy."
They drove quite some way out into the country before Mark turned of the main
road and took them down some narrow country lanes, eventually they turned of
these and went down a track which wasn't even tarmaced, into a forest. Mark
drove the car down the track for about three miles until they came to a gate,
they all saw an envelope taped to the gate. This was obviously the right place
so Mark turned off the engine and they all sat there, nobody speaking. Finally
Julie broke the ice.
"Well, go and read it then, we can't sit here for ever."
Mark just nodded in response, got out of the car and strode to the gate. The
women hardly dare breathe as he pulled it off and tore it open . He then studied
the contents before slowly shaking his head and returning to the car. As he got
in Elaine could contain herself no more,
"What does it say?" she almost squeaked in a high pitched voice.
"Just get out of the car and take off your shoes and coats," Mark replied, "It
says here I can't tell you in advance." Julie shrugged and got out , immediately
starting to unbutton her coat . Mark got out of his side of the car and walked
round to the front to meet his stepmother. Julie removed her coat, handed her
coat to Mark and then put her hand on the car bonnet to steady herself whilst
she took off her shoes. At this point she noticed that Elaine was still sitting
in the car and angrily told her, "Get out of there now or I'll drag you out by
what is left of your hair." Elaine needed no more encouragement and quickly
joined the once more naked Julie at the front of the car. She was soon out of
her coat and shoes and couldn't help but glance around furtively . Julie stood
there with her hands on her hips, she was no longer bothering to try and hide
her nakedness.
"Now what, Mark?" she asked none too pleasantly, clearly wanting to get on with
it. "I suppose you're going to have to drive off and leave us here?"
"Actually, no," Mark responded, "and don't take it out on me, none of this is my
fault."
"Sorry," Julie apologized "but lets get on."
"Right" said Mark, got into the driving seat again. He turned the ignition but
did not start the engine instead pushing the button to wind down the passenger
side electric window. Julie and Elaine exchanged puzzled glances but said
nothing.
"Stick your heads through the window" Mark told them.
"Why?" Julie asked
"Just do it please" Mark sighed. Both women did so and Mark pressed the button
to wind up the window.
"Whoa!" they both cried and quickly pulled back.
"What do you think you're doing?" Julie asked angrily, bending down to look
through the window at Mark.
"As instructed," Mark said simply
"O shit," Elaine was heard to mutter under her breath as both women resigned
themselves to their fate and placed their heads back through the window. Mark
raised it once more stopping once the window was far enough up to stop Elaine
and Julie removing their heads but allowing them plenty of room to breathe. He
then turned off the ignition .
"What happens now?" Julie asked, nervousness clearly apparent in her voice.
"Er, I pick up your clothes and leave," Mark replied.
"MARK!" Julie cried
"Bye," was all Mark said and with that he picked the coats and shoes and walked
off down the lane.
"Don't go," Elaine cried desperately .
"Mark, don't leave us," Julie called after him.
Mark ignored their pleas and walked about 15 yards down the lane before stopping
and turning round. He was treated to the delicious sight of two naked female
bodies squirming and writhing as they tried to free themselves. He stood and
watched for several minutes as the women's and bottoms gyrated around and their
breasts swung back and forth as they tried desperately to extricate their heads.
Then with one last look he turned smiling and set off once more down the lane.
Elaine and Julie were mortified when Mark bid them farewell, both tried to free
themselves for several minutes before realizing it was futile.
"What are we going to do?" Elaine wailed
"There is nothing we can do except wait" Julie replied mournfully as the full
impact of their situation began to sink home. Here they were in possibly a worse
situation than the previous night. They were completely naked and trapped in a
car window unable to do anything except stand there. At least the night before
had seen them able to move around despite their bound wrists and taped mouths.
Now they were helpless and at the mercy of anybody who came along. Elaine tried
to get her arm through the window to press the window button but Julie pointed
out that it wouldn't work with the ignition off so they ended up just standing
bent over and contemplating their vulnerability. It wasn't very comfortable
standing bent over at the waist looking at nothing but a car seat and after
about 20 minutes both women were feeling very stiff. To make matters worse they
were pressed close together to get their heads through the same window and as
they moved to ease the aches their naked bodies rubbed together something that
neither of them relished having no tendencies in that direction at all.. They
spoke very little preferring to immerse themselves in their individual thoughts
and wondering what would happen next. It was over an hour later, although the
women had lost track of time, when they both stiffen as the sound of a car was
heard coming down the lane. Their hearts began to beat rapidly and both broke
into a sweat.
"O god" Julie moaned as the sound of the car grew louder.
Elaine screwed her eyes shut and just started saying, "Oh shit, oh shit" over
and over again.
The car pulled up behind the one imprisoning the hapless pair and someone got
out, frustratingly the women were powerless to see who it was only able to look
at the passenger seat. They heard footsteps come round behind them, Julie held
her breath, Elaine just kept repeating "O Shit!"
Julie took a deep breath and plucked up courage to speak.
"Can you help us please?" she asked in a wavering voice
Silence greeted her.
"Please," she asked again.
"I was just admiring the view, besides I recognize those hair cuts anywhere" a
voice behind them spoke, Julie felt a mixture of relieve and apprehension, it
was Ian.
"Comfy, ladies?" he asked
"No, let us go and give us our clothes," Julie told him
"Yes", Elaine joined in, " haven't you had enough fun at our expense?"
"I haven't got your clothes," Ian informed them, "but if you do what I ask
you'll get them back."
"No way," Elaine retorted
"Yes, go to hell," Julie joined in.
"Right then, if that's how you feel then I'll be off," Ian curtly told them.
As the women heard his footsteps leaving they conceded defeat and Julie called
out, "Come back, don't leave us, we'll do what you ask."
"Yes we will," Elaine added in a panicky voice.
The footsteps returned.
"I thought you'd see it my way," Ian said mockingly and went round to the
drivers side of the car. He leant in turned the ignition and then lowered the
window to allow the women to get their heads out. As they carefully stood up
stretching their stiff backs Ian raised the window of the car again before going
to the rear and opening the boot. Much to the puzzlement of Julie And Elaine he
then took the spare wheel out and went and put it in his own car before
returning and locking up Julie's. The naked pair stood there and watched but
didn't dare ask what was happening, they just knew they wouldn't enjoy whatever
Ian had cooked up. As he put the keys to Julie's car in his pocket he turned to
them and said, "Right, get into the back of my car, we're going for a ride."
The two women stood there and didn't move.
""Come on," Ian urged, "unless you want to be left here naked and locked out of
your car."
That did the trick and they quickly got into the back of the car. Ian got behind
the wheel, started the engine and set off down the track.
Julie and Elaine said nothing as they trundled down the track, they exchanged
worried glances but remained silent, Ian began to whistle tunelessly to himself
and started to aim for the potholes in the road. It was a poor surface and there
were plenty of them, each time the car lurched through one he glance in his rear
view mirror and caught sight of two pairs of naked breasts swinging wildly .
After a while Julie realized what was happening and blushing she put one arm
across her chest to block his view, Elaine soon copied her. Finally they reached
the end of the track where it joined the narrow county lane and turned into a
small car park. Julie and Elaine shrank down in their seats as they realized
there were several cars parked there already but fortunately there was nobody in
them, the occupants were no doubt walking in the forest. Ian turned off the
engine and turned round to the women.
"Time to get out," he said smiling.
"What's going to happen?" Elaine asked nervously, "Where are our clothes?"
"Yes, please can we have them now," Julie added.
"Come on out of the car and I'll explain what you have to do." Was all Ian said
in reply. Both women groaned and slipped out of the car before crouching down
behind the side that shielded them from the road. Ian went to the boot opened
it, removed the spare wheel and a length of chain and then went round to the
hiding women. "All you have to do is walk back down the lane," he began to tell
them, "Then get in your car and drive back here, I'll leave your clothes behind
that tree over there."
Julie felt a sudden flush of anger.
"So its as simple as that," she spat. "We just walk down a lane completely naked
and then drive back down it equally naked, what guarantee have we got that you
will leave our clothes here."
Ian didn't bat an eyelid at Julie's outburst; instead he replied, "Your clothes
will be here, and that's a promise, if I wasn't going to leave them I'd tell
you. But I thought an ordinary walk down the lane would be a bit boring so I've
made it a bit more of a challenge."
With that he picked up one end of the chain grabbed Elaine's wrist and snapped
on a handcuff which was fastened to the end of it. Elaine snatched her wrist
away but it was too late she was secured.
"I made these specially," Mark told them as he threaded the other end of the
chain through the spare wheel and then approached a retreating Julie.
"Wrist, now!" he ordered, "or I leave you both here as you are."
Julie slowly held out her arm and Ian fastened the other handcuff to her. He
then took her car keys out of his pocket, tied a piece of string to them and
hung them around Elaine's neck so they wouldn't get lost. "There we are" he said
standing back to admire his handiwork, "That should make things a bit more
interesting." Both women pulled on the chain which was about ten feet long and
then realized that not only would they have to walk back to the car naked but
they would be chained together and also have a car wheel for company.
"You can't do this," Julie pleaded, "It must be miles to our car, somebody might
see us"
"I can and I will," Ian replied, " and anyway its only 2 1/2 miles to your car
so stop moaning and get walking .
"Oh no!" Elaine wailed
"Just get going," Ian ordered, "or I'll not leave you any clothes at all, and by
the way the keys to the handcuffs are in your car boot."
Elaine stated to plead again but was cut short by Julie, "Come on lets get going
before somebody sees us."
Elaine saw her point and between them they picked up the spare wheel, and set
off, carrying it flat they managed to pile the excess chain on top to save them
tripping over it. As they left the car park and set off down the track it was
soon apparent that progress was going to be slow, in fact, painfully slow; bare
feet on a rough track meant that they were soon hobbling along with very painful
feet.
Ian watched as they disappeared out of sight down the lane, smiling to himself.
As he did a figure emerged from the nearby trees and came and stood by him.
"I can't believe they're actually doing this," the new arrival said.
"Well it was your idea," Ian responded, "you've got a mind more devious than
mine."
"Yes, I suppose I have," came the reply, "and I wonder what they'll do when they
find out there never was a camera at all."
"I would rather know what will happen when they find out this was all your
idea," Ian laughed
"Who says I'm going to tell them........" replied a grinning Mark.
Elaine and Julie were struggling, the tyre was getting heavier and they're feet
were killing them. Both women were covered in sweat as they headed down the
track, they said little other than to encourage each other to keep going, it was
obvious that the quicker progress they made the sooner their ordeal would be
over . But they were soon flagging and then Elaine stumbled and fell, she lay
flat on her face and sobbed, "I can't go on, I just can't."
"Get up please" Julie pleaded, "We've got to keep going."
"No, I can't," Elaine just lay there and Julie lost her cool.
"GET UP NOW, YOU FUCKING BITCH," she yelled, "OR I'LL KICK YOU ALL THE WAY BACK
TO THE CAR."
Elaine had never heard Julie speak like that before and looked up at her in
amazement. Julie was about to unleash another tirade when the both heard voices
ahead of them.
"Quick, into the trees," Julie ordered in a hushed voice as they frantically
picked up the wheel and headed for relative safety of the trees. Unfortunately
they forgot about the chain connecting them and it caught around Elaine's ankle
as they were about to cross a very large ditch. She tripped and went headfirst
into it and in the process the wheel and Julie followed. It was about half full
of muddy water, and both women spluttered as they spat some of it out of their
mouths. They froze as the voices were heard again and then sunk as low as they
could into the water which meant that only their heads were not immersed. They
held their breath and listened.
"Mummy, I heard a noise from over there, do you think it's a wild animal?" a
child's voice enquired.
"It could be, Kathleen, after all we are in a forest" the mother answered
"Can we go and look?" a small boy asked. The women sunk even lower into the
ditch, that was all they needed, to be discovered by a family out for a walk,
they hardly dare breath.
"No you can't," a voice that belonged to the father replied. "You leave the
animals alone." And with that the voices got fainter as the family continued
along the track. Both women breathed out in relief but they dared not move for
at least another five minutes. Finally they decided the coast was clear and
struggled back onto the track complete with their wheel only now they were
covered from head to toe in mud which in the sun soon began to dry on their
bodies. The rest of the journey whilst slow was uneventful and their hearts
soared as they rounded a corner to see the car sat there. They covered the last
100 yards in double quick time . Elaine collapsed exhausted against it as Julie
grabbed the key hanging around her neck and unlocked the boot. The handcuff keys
were there and in no time at all they were free and heading down the track. When
they got to the car park there were no cars left but a figure was sat next to
the tree where their clothes were hidden. They recognized it as Mark and drove
over. He stood up as they stopped the car.
"You made it then?"
"Yes," Elaine replied as she ran over to get their clothes.
"Fall in a ditch," Mark enquired noting her muddy form.
"More or less," Julie answered him, "I'll tell you on the way home but where
have you been all this time?"
As the two women dressed Mark told them how he had had to walk down the lane and
until he met Ian . He had then been driven miles away and made to walk back to
the car park . It wasn't true but the women believed him.
"I'll ride in the back wear the seats are clean," he laughed getting in.
The women got in the front and as they drove off Julie asked, "Did you get the
photos?"
"Apparently, there never were any," Mark informed them trying to sound sad.
"SHIT!" both women cried simultaneously.
The End





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kat


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





