BDSM Library - Night Prowler




Night Prowler
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Having inherited money, he enjoyed his early retirement and planned and executed a perfect abduction.
Night Prowler
Paddymellon 
____________________________________________________________

WARNING!: THIS STORY INVOLVES INTENSE ADULT CONTENT.
____________________________________________________________

This is a work of fiction which deals with an intensely erotically
suspenseful plot. It is dark. It is light. It is scary that
someone can come up with such ideas, yet as I allow my mind to
wander erotically in search of the best adult story that I can
imagine this is the series of keystrokes that have resulted.
That is a story of a cold and calculated abduction and harem.
It is not for the faint of heart.

It is obviously for entertainment only. If you feel more than
entertained then I suggest that you seek help. There is a bold,
yet invisible line between the worlds of fantasy and reality.
This is totally unacceptable behavior here in the real world.

If on the other hand you have found a _consensual_ partner to act
out fantasies with I congratulate you. Treat him/her as the most
priceless jewel ever discovered. I had one once. Now I only have
my imagination.

This story is released to the public domain. Feel free to edit my
horrible sentence structure and repost a cleaner version or to
take the plot at whatever point you choose and to run with your
own version.

____________________________________________________




An erotic fantasy: Night Prowler


 Chapter 1a: Action


"My god. I've done it," I thought to myself.

Looking in both directions to see only the lonely country dirt
road illuminated by the moonlight my breathing slowed for a brief
moment before the adrenaline kicked in again. I resisted the urge
to pace, to panic actually. It was clear enough that I had not
been followed. I know in my own mind there had been no witness to
the events earlier back in town. I know there had been no traces
left at the scene. I know the years of careful planning would be
there to protect me. My pulse and breathing raced still.

I forced myself to sit on my trunk as I continued to look at the
horizons for headlights. I had pulled my car right over the hill
out of sight before walking back to lock the gate. It was out of
sight even if there were traffic. Only my chest up would be
visible in the dim moonlight and of course I would retreat if
there were signs of life. There were none. It is 3:21 AM. The
world is asleep except for me this early Wednesday morning.

I lit a joint and began to get a buzz while enjoying the sounds of
the wee hours of the morning. It was the sounds of nature,
crickets, frogs, small animals scurrying about and an owl. There
were no sounds of man. No airplane or automobile or any other
sounds were audible. The selection of this location had taken two
years of looking at properties. It is ideal, located on an 8 mile
long dirt road that only has three houses on it, the closest being
6 miles away and none of which are visible from the dirt road. I
guess that we all are fiercely private people, since I had yet to
meet any of my neighbors on the road. Perhaps they are only camp
houses, I'm not sure, but the locale is perfect.

My place is surrounded by national forests, so there is no
chance of any new construction. It is beautiful and isolated.
It is a 1880 acre tract of land that went fairly cheap at a
foreclosure sale. My patience had paid off with compounding
interest. The driveway is nearly a mile long, meandering through
the timber I had planted when I bought the place. It had been
cutover previous to the sale, but the owners had left large
patches of virgin maples, pine and oak throughout the property.

I had lived in a camp house on my property for six years while I
built my new house. Having inherited money, I enjoyed a very early
retirement and I had devoted my full attention to the project and
completed the home with only my own labor in complete secrecy.

I chose a hilltop in which the site was completely obscured my
massive trees. I bought a small dozer, an old cement truck, a
trailer and semi to haul materials with and began. I managed to
trench an area for a large basement, which I built from two walls
of brick with cement poured between them. While the basement cured
I wielded �" steel plates, braced by timbers, to form a roof.
Then I poured a 6" cement slab on top of the steel plate with a
stairway out through the ceiling. After that cured I covered the
basement with 4' of soil and then I poured the cement slab for my
home on top. The home itself took much longer. I installed
plumbing and ventilation for the basement and built a hidden door
panel in my bedroom, which went into the stairwell. I spent my
night hours researching soundproofing the stairwell and
ventilation system.

The basement has a large entertainment area and four small cells.
Each has it's own ventilation and toilet. While I doubted I'd ever
actually need four I chose a split arrangement with one cell on
each wall of the central entertainment area so that they were
isolated from each other by several yards of earth. Social
isolation would certainly be employed in the training phase. The
central area has a sink, microwave and assorted hooks and chains
custom built in.

I have never done anything like this before of course, but I knew at
an early age what I wanted and preparations had begun some 20 years
prior to tonight. I have a general outline in my mind even if I am
still fuzzy on the specifics. There will be plenty of time to iron
out the specifics soon, very soon.

The labor had almost killed me, but it was history, now it is the
time to enjoy the benefits of my skills. My body swayed and I
realized that I was sitting there in a state somewhere between the
biting state of reality and fuzzy state of the dream world as these
thoughts swirled through my mind, which was in a high state of
elation from the killer weed, the adrenaline rush and the
prospects of the future.

My dial glowed 3:48. I had been sitting there almost 30 minutes
and it seemed like but a heartbeat. I was standing before I even
thought and heading for the road. It was quite evident to me that
I was somewhat flaunting the situation; choosing to walk back and
loiter at my gate. I love the moonlight in the wee hours of the
morning. I propped one foot on the gate and my elbows over the
top. Silently I looked and listened. Nothing. Nothing but nature.
It was here, at this moment that I ended any thought of paranoia
or self doubt. Never again would the worry of discovery plague my
mind. Never again would I doubt the morality of my decision nor
would any such thought come into question within my consciousness.

I openly admit to myself that I am not a genius. I am intelligent,
patient, wily and calculated however. These personal traits I
melded into a single act of brilliance. I thought, planned and
executed a perfect abduction; perfect in every detail.

Looking once more down the lonely dirt road I turned. A wall
appeared. A distinct wall that separated a lifetime into two
distinct halves. The instant the turn began I was scaling that
wall. It was as if I'd died and was watching the departure of my
every moment at the gate as I burst into the birth of my new
life. With each step the past life behind me became exponentially
smaller and more distant. It was completely behind me as I reached
the car.

My fingertips were drawn to the trunk. I slowly moved my arms
outward with my fingertips trailing lightly across the paint. I
marveled at the prizes my traits and plain dumb luck had
delivered. I walked over and got in without even a glance over my
shoulder and headed down my creek gravel driveway.

The house was dark as I'd left it. The garage door opened with
perfect timing of my arrival. It is amazing how random events
sometimes hit in similar groups. Sometimes you have no luck at
all. And sometimes nothing can go wrong. No matter what you do
things work out good for you.

I was out of my car before the garage door began to close.
Unlocking the door I went in and headed right into my bedroom to
open the passage to the basement.

Each of the three doors in the stairwell was open as if to invite
guests. These provide complete soundproofing and security. There is
a keypad entry system on each of the heavy security doors, each with
a different entry code, where the individual cell doors have keyed
padlocks on them. Once inside, no one is coming out unless I unlock
the exit doors. The possibility of an overthrow had been studied and
solved early on in the planning stage of my humble abode. I would
carry but only a key to each cell door on me during our quality
time down below.

Heading back out to the garage I grabbed the can of mace I had set
out earlier. I doubted very seriously that I would need it, but
better ready than screwed.

I opened the trunk like a kid at Christmas. The three sleeping
nymphets were out. I set the mace down and easily took the top
one out and slung her over my shoulder.

It was the one they call Vicky; the loud mouthed redhead.
She has a great bod and a sexy face. I had pondered not taking her.
It is the other two that I fell for and desire. I decided to grab
all three though. I despise arrogant and overly beautiful people.
Vicky qualifies on both accounts. My dick became excited for the
first time. I guess the adrenaline had been more powerful than my
normal hormones until now. The thought of breaking down this
obnoxious bitch resonated in my throbbing crotch.

All three of them are gorgeous. All are 18 years old and were just
out on their own. All are barely over 100 pounds. I have a blonde,
a brunette and a redhead from the luck of the draw.

I forget what they called the brunette; no matter, I'll be renaming
them soon. She is the one that really caught my eye. She had been
more reserved and submissive. I had taken a class at the local Jr.
college a couple of years earlier in an effort to meet and interview
applicants, so to speak. And she came in and sat in right in front
of me. A seating chart was made and I enjoyed her perfect body
everyday for a semester in class.

She is 5'5" or so and stocky to a degree. She has the small tits
that I crave and a nice meaty ass. The submissiveness is what
hooked me right away. It's partly looks and partly body language.
I decided she was in early on.

I followed her home and discovered her location before going back
to gather intel. She rented a house in the country with these two
other girls before tonight. There is path through the woods
beside their property that I could pull in and walk in behind them.
Evidently they are city girls. A country girl would have spotted
me and thought something out of the ordinary was going down.

I came each night in full camo and face paint for two months or so
before I decided to act. They left all windows uncovered, so I had
a perfect view when they were inside in any room except the
bathroom, which was opaque. On evenings when they came outside to
sit on the connected deck I was underneath watching and listening
to every word. They were completely unaware of anything outside
the boundaries the deck provided. I laid there some nights pissing
in my pants as I listened in to their late night drunken
three way parties.

This was another hook in the selection process. These three sexy
18 year old roommates never had male company. I learned that each
was promised to some boy back home. Each sought a degree and then
to return to their childhood lover. They had an alliance not to
have males over, to study and to graduate in a businesslike
fashion.

It was a single party they planned before going home after the rush
parties that inspired me. One night they sat out late and began
talking about guys they had met in school. They were making
margaritas on the deck, shitfaced. Tonight they were lightheaded
and not as conservative as usual. They were kicking around the
idea of a fling before spring break, so that none of them will
have known just one man before they married. Evidently the
brunette and blonde were virgins. The redhead egged them on,
evidently she was not a virgin. The drunken comradery of three
shitfaced friends led to an agreement of a single night with another
guy for each. Wednesday was the last class day, so Tuesday night was
selected as the night each was to bring their fantasy fuck home and
to explore before committing.

I made mental notes of all pertinent information. They pledged
secrecy. Vicky is the president of one of those sorority's and she
had been trying to be the unlaid pussy all of the frat boys would
fight over. She wanted a low profile and was certain that Wayne
would provide a never-happened point of view since he had an
on-campus girl friend. I didn't know Wayne, but I have seen him
around and I liked him. The brunette had decided to ask a guy that
was in the class that we took together. He too was an alright guy.
It was the blonde that said she was going to invite an asshole
over Tuesday night. She saw something I did not. From what I'd
seen he was a total asshole. He was the head of a fraternity (I
don't speak greek) who drew laughs from his mindless subjects as
they gathered in the center of the campus and he belittled anyone
who came by that he deemed weak. This guy is a spoiled,
self-centered asshole deluxe. I can't imagine this beautiful
blonde being attracted to him, but I could tell that her pussy was
wet for this loser.

They giggled like school girls late into the night on Monday
making last minute plans. The private party would begin after the
frat parties began to dull Tuesday night. They would convoy party to
party before agreeing to all head home. Each girl had already
asked the respective guys for dates the night before.  I made
plans to attend as well.

After classes I was under the deck when they got home. They came
out almost immediately setting up a blender and the bar as usual
for an outsider. This is the first time I've been here in the
daylight under their deck. I was decked heavily with neutral tones
for the event.

They giggled in delight. At the time I felt uncomfortable in
planning a plan short circuit to the plans they had made. They are
young and dumb. They are not thinking. Well, I suppose they are, but
in getting wasted once again and laid rather than of their impending
departure from self control.

KLISH! A glass hit the ground, breaking about ten feet from me.
I froze. I was partially obscured by one of the cinder block
braces under the deck and I was camoed to foot. To my disbelief
the blonde got down off the deck on all fours and began picking up
the glass. She could see me easily if she only looked. I was
petrified. Could this end before it ever began?

Vicky started giving her a cynically hard time, while brunette
excused herself to the bathroom. As the door closed the redhead
jumped down face to face with the blonde and began to help get all
of the slivers of glass. Either of them could see me out of
their peripheral vision. The deck is on cinder blocks 18-24" off
of the ground. They were intent on each other and didn't take
immediate notice of me luckily. Like a statue I listened as the
redhead spoke.

"I don't think she would enjoy this. We have our own side of the
house and she won't know. Lets trade guys before we kick them
out."

The blonde looked railroaded. I don't think that she has too much
processing power, truth be known. I got the impression that she was
head over heels with this jerkoff frat asshole somehow. She looked
perplexed but she yielded to the desires of Vicky and agreed with
a hopelessly lost expression.

I've heard these two talking of lezzie adventures when the
brunette was gone. Each has experimented and they have shared
adventures in drunken exchanges, but they only teased each other
in the pursuit of a real personal fulfillment. They get real full
of margaritas when they are alone and they talk of sharing an
evening, before retiring and each beating off alone in a bed;
illuminated with a starlight scope.

"We want both of you to join us after an hour or so. Just knock
first girlfriend."

The blonde looked again bewildered again, but nodded consent.

While somewhat open they both have passed on any physical contact
that I have detected in the past. This is a real breakthrough for
the three of us.

The brunette is openly down on the idea of female sex. She is
submissive, yet her opinion is heavily weighted against homosexual
acts of any kind. It is the other two who delight in the erotic
talk in private.

The redhead put her hand behind the blondes neck and they hunkered
below the deck level and exchanged tongue for several moments,
ending only when the brunette returned. This was new. This was
erotic. This was perfect timing. This was my dream, in part.

continued...

comments?

paddymellon8@my-deja.com




An erotic fantasy: Night Prowler


 Chapter 1b: Action


They both focused attention on the brunette as she came back out.
My dick was limp as hell. I was scared shitless that I might be
discovered. They cleaned up the glass and left to finish their
drinks on the deck finally.

My heart was racing like it never raced before. I was sure that
they could hear it pounding. I lay motionless and tried to control
my breathing.

After thirty minutes the girls left. Each took her own car and
each vowed to bring home a good fuck, if not their target in
sight, whoever they could snag.

I slowly scooted from the deck for my last time. Looking, I was
comfortable that no one would discover evidence from my perch. I
wore two neutral colored stockings over my head and limbs on each
visit. Painted and with a bit of camo paint they assure I'll lose
no DNA nor be discovered .

I decide to grab the yard rake from the utility shed anyway. I
sweep the ground relentlessly beneath the deck before loading the
large pile of leaves and dirt into a garbage sack, stowing it for
later disposal. Then I grabbed the garden hose and wet down the
entire area beneath the deck. The spraying action deformed any and
all preformed indentations beneath and wet in any remaining debris.
I turned the hose to the plants all about before shutting the water
off. I have a glove on my right hand, over the double stockings, to
make certain I leave no prints.

I've wanted to enter on several occasions. I have always elected
to the tougher decision; I have never entered the house. It would
take a full fifteen seconds for me to get in without any method of
detection whatsoever. But there is always that small chance that I
could be linked via a hair, or a drop of sweat. I chose to
maintain a perimeter I could be assured would leave no clues.
Zero. As in nada.

I waited before grabbing the hose and wetting down ground zero
again.

On the deck I grab the three quarters full bottle of techila and
head through the woods back to my car. Opening the trunk, I set it
down as I pick up an identical bottle. Identical except this one
has several of those date rape pills dissolved in it. I'd bought a
gross of then two years before out of town. There could be no link
to me here.

I've tried the mixture several times on myself. I weigh 200 pounds
and experimented to determine the dosage. I had this bottle  of
techila mixed with the same dosage as I take. There was the
possibility the girls would OD. I've never messed with this stuff
before. It was critical however that the guys went out completely
and that the girls stayed out longer, so I could dispose of the
guys, so I used the dosage required to put me out for ten hours.

Returning, I placed the adultered bottle back into their bar on
wheels. They had a bottle of Jack Black and a bottle of gin on the
rack. I pulled the top of each slightly and lowered the rack so that
it appeared as if the wind had blown it over. The bourbon and gin
leaked out until there was only a couple of shots of each left.
The top on the techila was tight and the contents remained. I'd
seen that they had plenty of marguita mix on the kitchen counter
and I staked all bets that the group would indeed settle on
margaritas.

This is the first crossroads of decision for me. Not only if
someone did not drink, but if someone chose to drink anything else
all of my planning would be nullified. They all had to choose to
have at least a whole, single margarita in order for my success.
If I got a beer drinker, like myself, I was screwed.

I chose to wait in the woodline some forty yards away when the
party came home. I had a good pair of binocs and I watched from
afar as they stood the bar-on-wheels up and the redhead grabbed
the techila bottle and held it above her head. The guys howled
like wolves in response. No one paid any further attention to the
almost empty gin and Jack Black bottles. They all preceded to make
and enjoy margaritas.

It took nearly fifteen minutes. The girls all went limp and
slumped in their chairs. The guys were cross-eyed fucked up. They
looked at each other once before exclaiming their perceptions of
the situation and then making a feeble attempt at each respective
girl.

Standing at the edge of the porch I admired all six slumped forms.
Mr. Sandman had proceeded me tonight, to my delight. I truly hope
the girls did not get too much. I figure they drank less
proportionately. I hope things are well. I have a ways to go
tonight and so do they.

I'd chosen a college out of town by forty miles. I had to travel
some cop intensive roads before I was home.

Still in my protective suit I loaded Wayne and the other guy I
like into my car. I had stalked them as well. Each lives alone in
off campus efficiency rathole with no pesky neighbors. The risk is
high, but I decided to return each to his own bed. My watch showed
11:32 PM. It was way too early for anyone to crash my actions. I
raised the stockings revealing my face and put a cap on backwards.
Slipping out of the camo coat it would look like a homeboy helping
his friend in to anyone who might witness the event from afar. There
were no signs of life outside his house luckily. This is a pivotal
point. The absence of even a distant barking dog assured me the
extreme risk had passed and that the extreme rewards were ahead.

Taking his keys out, I helped Wayne out of the car to the door.
Holding him up while I opened the door was tricky, but I managed.
Once inside I took him to the bedroom and I stripped him to his
underwear and I laid him down. I threw his pants like I throw my
pants when I'm shitfaced onto whatever is convenient. It was over
the his aquarium that they dropped.

I eased out of the house and returned to the car. Whats-his-name
was out in the backseat. I eased around to his place without
drawing any attention to myself. I backed into the driveway and
decided that the couch was far enough. I noticed the trash had
not been taken out. As a finale I took 21 beer bottles out and I
set them all around.

This guy became conscious for a moment and he looked me in the
eye. I was holding a beer bottle. First I froze, then I held the
bottle out as if offering it. He turned up a lip and rolled over
before slumping back into never-neverland. It was unsettling. He
had seen me, but the drug was known to never allow such memories
to register. I felt confident that this event never would make it
into his gray matter.

I stood over him for a few moments while I bounced thoughts around.
I was confident that my vision would never be remembered and I
left everything as I would have left it if I stayed home alone and
got drunk. I left the TV on and locked the door behind me.

The return trip was filled with anxiety. What if someone else had
come over in my absence? I'd left the four others on the deck
after all. What if the fucking frat woke up? What if any of them had
awaken as I sped back to the scene.

Parking in the drive this time, I eased around the house to find
everyone still out. The deal was still on.

Quickly, I raised each girls skirt and massaged their pussy. Each
creamed in a state of unconsciousness as I had expected. I removed
each girls soiled underwear. Each was spotted with creme. Enough
for DNA ID I hoped anyway.

I looked at the frat asshole long and hard. I needed a sperm sample
from him now.

"God-damn-it," I thought to myself. "This sucks."

Grabbing his legs I undid his shorts and I pulled them over his
shoes. I took his underwear off and then placed all four pair of
underwear on his belly.

I decided that I might as well get it all. I took his shirt off.

He is a physically attractive guy. He's lean, tanned and feminine
with dark hair. He of course has that eighteen year glow about
him. He has a certain feminine look that actually I find
stimulating. I'm not gay. Certain men have turned me own in the
past though and each one of them was feminine. So this feminine
"boy" should be easy...

I'm stalling. I know what I have to do. I'm not doing it. I'm
sitting here stalling. If someone were to walk around the corner
of the house it would all be a flop.

I've never had any sex with another guy. I have been outright
opposed to the notion until the last few years. I met a guy awhile
back who I found myself fantasizing about. He too was an eighteen
year old student at school. I could not bring myself to make my
feelings known to him though, even though I sensed that he was gay.

Impulsively, I grabbed his balls and began massaging them. He was
still, completely unconscious. The reality of the situation made
my head spin. I had my hand on another man's balls. It was if I
was watching a movie. My thoughts panned away like a camera shot.
I felt my cock grow stiff and stimulated. Strange, I thought to
myself.

I found myself moving down, as scores of girls had moved down on
me. Onto my knees; I held the cock up and began using my tongue on
his balls. I love this, so I imagined that he would too.

It was not until I ran my tongue up the underside of his shaft
that it began to become rigid; it was a completely involuntary
action on his part. I placed it in my mouth and began to blow him
before I had time for any second thoughts. My mind blanked out as
I did what I had to do.

I felt that he was committed and I pulled away and began to give
him a hand job. He came finally. It splattered the underwear on
his stomach. I took them and soaked up the aftercum and then
spread the goop on all of the girls underwear good.

"God-damn. What the hell have I done?" I wondered.

I had done what needed to be done whether I enjoyed it or not. I
set each pair of underwear out to dry and slipped his shorts back
on. I put him in the blondes' car and I drove him home. I left
blondies underwear with sperm and cream in the trunk. I took him
in and dropped him inside the door. Fuck, he won't remember a
thing anyway. I opened his fridge. There was a single container of
orange juice to drink. I poured more than enough of the same drug
into the juice to keep him out as long as he drank the juice.

I thought of making a copy of his key and returning to remove the
OJ jug. I decided against it, betting that he would drink the one
third full jug in a sitting and dispose of the jug before he was
even a real suspect. At any rate, I had left no prints. The DNA I
left on his dick would be washed away when he showered. I elected
to come back and observe his trash until I had the OJ carton
disposed of. It took me three days. I retrieved the jug knowing
that he was dead to the world.

Leaving, I couldn't help but to think about him. I hate the
asshole, but he is a good looking guy. He is a sexy guy and this
infuriated me. He is a goddamned frat asshole for christs sake.
The looking down the nose of the overly priveledged frat rats made
me mad.

He is the fallguy. The other girls underwear, their cream mixed
with his, will be found back at their house. That is the evidence
concerning the disappearance of three babes.

Wayne and the other dude will awaken oblivious to these external
events. They will be home with an unrealized memory gap tomorrow.
When they return to campus the news of the frat rat president's
alleged rape/murders will dominate the news. Memories of
participation are in a Jell-O textured never-neverland. They will
never solidify. I'm sure of this.

And that was it. No prints, or DNA or anything. Just an
asshole and three missing girls and ample evidence to convict.

Entering the first cell I laid Cindy on the bed and stripped
her of all clothing. She was even finer than I'd noticed. Some
redheads are ugly to plain, and some are extremely beautiful.
She has no freckles. Her skin is creamy white and unblemished.
Her tits are pert, perfect.

I wrestled with my plan for a moment. I had planned on shaving each
girls head upon arrival, sort of a boot camp experience for each.
I decided to forget that. These girls are too fine to spoil. I
decided to double up in my other efforts in reforming these
beauties into sex slaves instead.

I placed one of my old T-shirts on her before cuffing her wrists
behind her back. Then her studded black leather collar went on. I
padlocked it with a small Master lock. Then I placed the black
leather hood on her head. Only the mouth and nose were open. I
decided to wait on the gag in fear that she might choke before I
returned. I took the short chain from the headboard and snapped it
to her collar before laying her out to sleep off the drug.

I checked the camera on my way out. I had installed closed circuit
cameras throughout the basement as well as outside in the
exercise area and all around the perimeter for security. I would
be able to view everything from the TV in my bedroom when it was
switched to auxiliary.

Quickly I headed back and retrieved first the blonde and then the
brunette, following the same procedure I used with the redhead.

The blonde is gorgeous. She has long wavy blonde hair, beautiful
blue eyes and she has the looks of a model. Her lips are so
seductive, I've longed for her mouth since I first saw her. I
pulled down my pants and kneeled so that I could stick it in. Oh
god! I became so excited now that I had accomplished my night
errands successfully. I feared that she might bite me in her
slumber. I removed the hood so I could see her beautiful face. I
held her head with my right hand and her lower jaw with my left. I
eased in halfway and then out again. She is oblivious, her
reflexes were my only worry. I eased in again, and again, going a
bit further with each thrust. I was buried when I came forcefully.
I felt my jism leave and drain down her throat.

I withdrew, counting my blessings, and pulled my jeans back on.
There was a huge amount of sexual tension released. I put her hood
back on, zipped it and chained her collar.

Returning to the brunette I made certain everything was squared
away. She too is beautiful, but the blonde has my fancy at the
moment. She is shorter and stockier, where I prefer longer and
lankier. It is the submissiveness that I had detected in her body
language that brought the four of us together tonight. There will
be plenty of time to explore it soon.

Locking each of the doors I headed up to bed. Everything had come
together. The fourth cell is stacked to the roof with necessities
that I began buying over a year ago. I had gone to Houston to shop
the warehouse stores for cases of tampons, makeup and food. Every
so often I'd taken an evening off from the construction and
brought home supplies that most likely would have drawn suspicion
were I to buy them locally. I had checked dozens of kink shops and
bought toys, harnesses, dildos, black stockings, black leather
high heels; everything that we would need that I could not safely
buy myself. One prize is a German SS uniform. One of my lovely
guests will rise to the occasion and she will be my right hand. It
will take quite a bit of conditioning before I can trust her, but
that's the fun of it all. I also had a uniform for myself,
complete with boots and the skull emblem worn by the SS.

I locked the stairway doors and closed the hidden wall panel
behind me. I made certain the lower ventilation system was on
before laying down. I switched the TV to aux and viewed each guest
on the split screen. The fourth panel is for the perimeter cameras.
I selected one after another. Each revealed only the lonely country
scene the camera was aimed at. Everything was silent and still.

continued...

comments?

paddymellon8@my-deja.com




An erotic fantasy: Night Prowler


  Chapter 2a: Beginning Anew

I startled to. I'd drifted right off. I must have been mentally
exhausted to fall asleep like that.

I quickly scanned the TV. The girls were still out. I estimated it
would be a few more hours before they began to awaken. I switched
to the outside security cameras and began to pan around with each.
It was bright and sunny. It was 12:48 pm. And everything was
quiet.

I made coffee and headed back down, drawn like a magnet to the
girls. I closed the doors behind me and opened each cell door to
reveal a sleeping beauty as I'd left them.

The central room has a toilet and a clawfoot bath tub. I sat and
relieved myself before drawing a nice warm bath. I could barely
hear rustlings. It would not be long.

I got out and dried off before putting on my uniform. I'm not a
Nazi mind you. The garb is for the extreme psychological effects
that I desired. Fear you see, is their friend. Fear will keep them
in pretty good shape. If any of them were to become bold, or
brazen, a severe example would be made of her.

I had tried the uniform on several times previously, entertaining
myself with my own reflections in the mirrors. This time I felt a
new consciousness as I dressed. I feel the part in completeness.
Looking at myself in the mirror I know that I am up to the role.

I decided to assemble the troops. I brought them into the central
area one by one. The movements and the cold cement floor evidently
helped to awaken them. They were still only semi-conscious in a
drug induced hangover. I decided it was time to put a ball gag in
each girls mouth. I adore these things. I have several of all
shapes and sizes. Selecting red ones, the type with drool holes in
them I inserted and buckled each one tight.

The redhead was first out of the fog. She was almost immediately
aware of the strange device which filled her mouth. I gave her a
few minutes, admiring the sight of her struggle and realization
that things were different. She tried to speak, but the gag
allowed little more than her efforts. I helped her up, stringing a
rope through an eye in her collar. She went limp before I could
pull the rope taught. "I am going too fast," I thought to myself,
"they will be weak for awhile."

The entertainment room has mirrors just about everywhere I could
put one. There is a bed, toilet, tub and my chair. I have a couple
of coffee tables and an ottoman for special occasions. I suppose
this qualifies, so I uncuffed her after retrieving some belts.

She did not put up much of a struggle, I folded each arm, placing
a belt around it so that she could not straighten it. I did the
same on her legs, folding each leg back and then tightly belting
it. I then laid her face down on the coffee table. Her movements
are almost entirely restricted. I did the same for the others,
lining their asses and cunts up in a row, each on a table top.

I took my crop and began to flail the redhead. Large whelps arose
on her creamy ass. She struggled in vain, unable to move. The
other two became more aware of their bounds and the sound of the
crop finding home. I began to swat each, pausing every so often
both to allow them time to absorb the whipping and for
anticipation of the next pop to set in. I could tell that they
were horrified. They could not have any clues as to where they
are, how they got here or what was happening to them and why.

There was no need in overdoing things physically at the moment.
They were filled with a natural fear of the unknown. Still, I
admired my handiwork. The whelps were just right, serious but
non-scarring.

I walked around to the side where each head extended over the side
of the coffee table. I clacked my heels with each step, staying
in step with the role. Each hooded head moved about attempting to
detect any answer sounds might reveal.

"Good morning sluts. I am your new fuhrer. That is, you are each a
possession of mine, to do with what I please. And please me you
shall. I have devoted a great amount of time and energy in
bringing us all together. Your situations are hopeless, I left no
clues. I stalked you. I abducted you. I have committed the perfect
crime and each of you is my reward. When you are good, when you
bring me delight you will be rewarded well. When you fail to bring
me delight you will suffer the consequences, which indirectly
bring me delight. I am a hard man, I won't lie to you. I am a fair
man though; I am good to my word. There is no escape. Period. Any
attempts will draw the ultimate penalty. This will become clear to
you at a later time. For the immediate future you will feel the
sting of pain. I must show you each personally the downside before
I can allow you to entertain thoughts of the upside. You have no
rights here. You are all simply objects for my amusement. Are
there any questions?"

The blonde struggled, raising her hooded head and attempting to
speak. The gag resisted her attempts. I could sense that the other
two were about to do the same.

WHAP! WHAP! WHAP!

I laid three hard ones down across her buttocks. I might have
overdone it. It looks as if she passed out from the pain. I do not
enjoy inflicting pain such as this in reality. I prefer nominal
pain as an inducement. However, getting things off on the right
foot would indeed limit future sufferings for all I concluded.
Still, it hurt me, she is quite a babe. I'm sorry that it was her.
Her held drooped limply as bright red whelps appeared.

"Did I just not explain your situation?" I directed at the other
two. "I just told you. To question is not a luxury that you
possess. Yours is only to do as told. Yours is only to please me."

They both shivered with fear. Enough said.

I unbelted the redhead. Her whelps were still visible. Attaching a
leash I lifted her by the neck and began to walk her around. She
was not sure what to do with her arms. She started to the hood
several times, halting each time as I tugged on the leash.

After I was satisfied that she could stand I took her to one of
the hanging ropes. I secured it through an eye on her collar and
took the slack out, before cuffing her arms, wrist to elbow,
behind her back.

"Do you like being my toy?" I asked in passing as I cuffed her.
She shook her head. I reached down and fingered her pussy. It was
of course wet and her lips were swollen. "Your pussy answers
differently," I whispered.

I'm not sure why, but being in a sub position, even in pain,
stimulates the female form. I used this to my psychological
advantage.

"Does your pussy enjoy this?"

She nodded slowly. How could she possibly deny it? But in
answering she took the first step towards her realization of
things to come.

I began to finger fuck her so that she was completely aware of the
wet state of her pus. She tensed.  She shook. She was humiliated.
Her own body had demonstrated that denial was useless and that she
held little control. Point well taken.

I grabbed the T-shirt and roughly ripped it off of her. That was
the purpose in putting them on. To rip them off viciously. The
tearing material and loss of balance that left her hanging by her
collar removed any doubts what was what. Ten lashes with the crop
solidified her surrender. I see before me a redhead who appears
more than willing to please. Her nipples are hard. They too offer
a different story.

Blondie was coming around. I unbelted her and walked her around
before securing her on another rope and giving her the same
treatment. She must have been listening because she agreed that
she enjoyed being a toy. She learned quickly. The lesson would be
reinforced as time progressed and soon she would not only say what
I expected to hear; she would believe in what she said.

The brunette I decided to play around with. I just know that she
will surrender without physical abuse. I walked her around before
leading her back to my chair. I instructed her to place her hands
on the top of her head and uncovered her eyes. I took my knife and
slid it under the shirt through the neckline. I moved it downward,
slowly slicing open the shirt. Her tits are gorgeous. The nipples
erect. With the other hand I reached down to her crotch. It is
steamy. Just listening to the others had her excited.

Her eyes were still adjusting to the light. She gazed upon me gaze
upon her.

"I want you to help me out," I said, taking her in tow to the
sink. Underneath were three enema bottles. I laid all three out,
taking one and putting some Ivory soap in it. I showed her about
how much and then how to get the water hot, but not too hot, and
fill the bottle. Then a vigorous shake and we're ready. She
followed as I went back to my chair and hung the bottle. I pointed
to several places to hang such devices from throughout the room.

I told her that she was to give the others what I gave to her. I
had her backup so that I could reach her while sitting. I lubed my
middle finger and wormed it up her ass. I fucked her pretty
vigorously with it as I told her this is a very important part.

Finally I slid in the tube and began to pump. These are custom
bottles a kink shop sold. They have balloons that can be pumped
up, keeping the device in place. It's more like two balloons
actually. One inflates inside and one outside. The middle portion
inflates to about an inch in diameter, holding the ass open, yet
closed. The outer and inner balloons hold it firmly in place. How
cool! I've used them several times to determine how they feel and
how much soap and water to use. Got damn, talk about invasive! An
anal intrusion deluxe! And a very humbling experience I guarantee.

She stood motionless as I pumped. I tugged at the hose so that she
could understand how it all worked. Her anus pulled outward with
each tug. The hose was set.

I turned her and motioned for her to go down on all fours before
me. She obliged. A look of surrender in her eyes. She is indeed as
subservient as I suspected. I held the sides of her head and
looked into her eyes. I tried to ooze the feeling that it was
alright. I believe I was successful in the returned gaze. I
unclasped the bottle and the hot soapy water began to flow. Her
eyes rolled back a bit as her colon was violated.

I put my right boot before her. I guess the uniform answered a
whole bunch of questions for her. Without a word she lowered her
head and began to lick the toe of my black, highly polished boot.
Gazing across to a mirror I watched as her ass lifted. The enema
tube protruded in a very erotic way. Goddamn! What a babe!

I gave her about twenty minutes of boot licking detail before I
had her stand. I cuffed her arms short, wrist to elbow and I
undressed. I lead her to the toilet and I ushered her down.

"Very nice. You have the right ideas to succeed here my dear. You
follow your conscience and you'll do well. I'm about to release
the balloons. I want you to clench your ass when it comes out. You
will go only when I tell you to go. You shit, piss, eat only when
I tell you to shit, eat or piss. Do you understand?" I asked as I
held her chin up.

She nodded. I removed the ball gag first. Then I released the
pressure on the enema head. It popped out, along with several
squirts of soapy water. She was trying; I cut her some slack.

"This is what I want you to do with each of them. You will get me
off orally, as they both will get you off, before I think about
allowing you to relieve yourself."

Her asshole was still pulsing. The intruder had held it open
before and she was dying to expel the soapy water that cramped her
stomach so.

She regained some control before I eased up to her, pulling her
head back by the hair and sticking my cock into her mouth. She
quivered.

"Easy, easy. I'm going to fuck your mouth. All you need to do is
to use your lips and tongue to stimulate me. Then you can go."

She eased up somewhat as I drilled her. I wasn't sure that she had
ever given head before, so I took it slowly. She obliged me, even
if pretty much unprofessional about it.

I neared climax quickly. I held both sides of her head, shallow
stroking her until the time was near. I plunged deep, unloading
back down her throat.

"That's very good. I will fuck your mouth pretty frequently. Just
relax and use your mouth and each time will go by quickly. I
pulled out to about half mast and we looked deeply into each
others eyes. A match borne in the heavens.

"Lick my balls," I said as I withdrew. My shaved balls offered no
tickling hairs to her. She licked slowly, still maintaining eye
contact.

"Go back and lick my asshole," I instructed. She slowly eased
back, her tongue probing unknown waters. I put a leg up on the
toilet bowl to facilitate her.

"Lick it!" I exclaimed once her tongue had found home. She began
to lick. My balls tingled and my dick went limp. I enjoyed the
probing tongue for awhile. She had much to learn. Once learned she
would be a most excellent subject however.

I eased away, while pulling her hair. Her head went back.

"Open your mouth."

She opened and I began to piss in it. She instinctively swallowed
several times.

"Don't swallow. Just hold it," I said with sincerity.

She stopped. I watched her mouth fill and begin to run over.

"This is a golden shower, you'll get lot's of these also. And in a
few minutes you will give them. Just relax and hold what you
have."

Her tits became erect from the warm overflow. I reached out and
pinched her right nipple.

"This is new for you. Your carnal desires are illustrated in
functions that you have no control over like your hardened nipples
now or your creamy pussy before. You agree don't you?"

She shook her head in agreement the best she could. Piss poured
out with each movement.

"Ok, great! Swallow..."

She gulped down the stenchy yellow piss, the first of the day
stenchy.

I put my hand to the side of her head and gazed again. This look I
could never tire of.

"Your friends are in trouble. They need your help in finding their
way. Lead them, you know what's right, show them the way."

She nodded, or her head bobbed, who knows.

"Ok, you can go."

She sat in disbelief. I know from experience how badly the soapy
water seeks release. She has never been forced like this before
obviously. I placed my limp cock between her lips and within an
instant it was hard again. I gave her about half as I tilted her
head until our eyes met again.

"It's ok, this is going to happen a lot too during our basic
training."

She closed her eyes and unclenched her anal muscles. The flow
spewed in a most unladylike fashion. The stench permeated the
room. I put my thumbs on her eyelids and opened them. I looked
reassuringly into her eyes. Everything is alright.

She wanted to close them again to achieve some degree of humility.
She knows I want them open though, even though eye contact is
painful. I enjoy a side mirror shot of my head job with delight.

I withdraw, so's I won't get sore prematurely, and sit back and
watch as Christy finishes expelling the water. I'd already decided
that her new name would be Christy. She reminds me of a foxy chick
I'd known years before. She would have to earn the name first
however. Until then she is simply 'slut.'

continued...

comments?

paddymellon8@my-deja.com




An erotic fantasy: Night Prowler


  Chapter 2b: Beginning Anew


I ran a bath as she finished up. I unbound her to allow herself to
paper off some of the rough stuff. She kept her eyes opened and
down. Humiliation 101.

I put her in the tub, still observing her like an eagle. She was
unnerved obviously, yet she cleansed herself for me.

I held a towel as she stood and watched as she dried off. I sat on
the sink, pointing to the collar first. She hung the towel up,
giving no second thought to covering her body. I have a live one
here! She put the collar on, I pulled the lock to her frontside
and showed her how to lock the padlock before turning it backside
and out of sight.

I had already laid out her outer wear, a suit of black leather
straps, which surrounded her tits and pus. I then had her put on
the knee high black leather high heel boots and then her gag,
which I washed out as she dressed.

Pointing to the sink, she followed. There is a single tooth brush
and some tooth paste. She took it to good use, washing it
afterwards. I flipped her around, planting my cock deep inside. I
grab her head and slide my tongue with passion through her lips.

"Now it is time for your friends. I want you to lube both of your
middle fingers and to go over and finger fuck those bitches in the
ass."

I took a pair of nail clippers out of the cabinet and instructed
her to cut her middle fingernails short.

We both looked at them standing, held by the collar side by
side as she filed the nails smooth.

"I want you to violate them as I have you. You will piss in their
mouths as I did to yours, so save some piss for whoever is second.
If I nod, I want you to crop the hell out of them," I said as I
hung the crop on a band along her beltline. "Show them the way and
things will be best for us all. If you fail, you will not be
punished. I will doubly punish those shuts!"

She looked perplexed. Within a moment she had digested the
situation and she had made her decisions. While visually
uncomfortable, she began preparations to my delight.

I left her, returning to my chair. She hesitated before moving
into action. She stuck her long fingers into the gel, looking for
me to nod. I did. She walked over behind the blonde and redhead
and put her finger to their asses. They both squirmed away from
the slicked probe. She persisted until she penetrated each. Then
the struggling subsided. Each of the sluts was humbled.

I gave her the 'get with it look' and she began to finger fuck
each of the hanging nymphs to either side. I beamed my admiration
and she fucked the shit out of them. Things are going good right
away! I find it difficult to believe that it is as easy as this. I
didn't have to scold, punish or coax her. She jumped right in
there and followed my instructions. It is difficult to resist
becoming intoxicated with power right now.

The sluts were suspended three feet apart. Their arms are bound
behind them, revealing an awesome sight I had only dreamed of
until now. Between them the brunette stood with arms outstretched.
Six lovely pert tits and three lovely unshaved pussies. Jeez-us.

I allowed several minutes of the anal intrusions before I stood and
walked over to uncover their eyes. The doe eyes slowly adjusted to
the light. I could see horror in their eyes as the visual reality
of the situation set in. Both gazed at the full sized mirror behind
me to see themselves and the brunette who is still fucking them.
It must be strange for them, but they will get over it. My eyes
danced about them. They tried to avert their eyes, yet they were
not able to. They are mesmerized somewhat in knowing what is
going on.

"Ok, that's good my lovely. I want you to hold your hands still
now. You sluts can fuck yourselves for awhile."

I can tell that the brunette is beginning to feel badly now that
her roomies can see her.

POP! POP! Two fairly hard tit slaps reminded the three exactly
what and why. The blonde and redhead struggled a bit, but a
combination of the ropes and the finger up their asses kept it to
a minimum. I held the crop threateningly and the duo slowly began
gyrating their waists in compliance.

"Hold it. Everyone freeze."

I turned abruptly and headed to the first door. I opened each and
trotted up the stairs to get my video and digital cameras. I
paused to look at the monitor to see the two bound girls looking
up at their bounds and back at the brunette who looked sheepishly
back at them, but she held her fingers anchored deeply in each
ass as instructed. This girl has potential! I can tell that
already.

Returning back downstairs I set up my tripod and got the video
rolling, panning in on the threesome. I took the digital cam and
began snapping shots, closeups and group shots.

"Alright, pull your fingers almost out, about to your nails."

She looked perplexed before compliance. I kneeled to one side so
as not to interfere with the video and focused first on the
blonde.

"Ok, now fuck yourself you fucking slut!"

She tried unsuccessfully to cover her face before realizing that
it was not possible. She was visually uncomfortable as her hips
began to move.

Personal note: The girls seem overwhelmed with the situation. I am
extremely pleased in the amount of compliance they have shown thus
far. They have caved in due to humiliation and a show of force on
my part.

I snapped away as she opened her ass and descended upon the finger.
There is a look of defeat in her eyes as she gets a nice slow rhythm
going. These shots will be superb!

The redhead begins slowly gyrating herself, getting a feel of the
situation I'm guessing. Walking around the video I focus on her
and begin to snap away. She too has the look of a defeated sex
slave in her eyes.

Both are moving their hips in a provocative manner. I think they
are turned on somewhat. Maybe they are just scared shitless. Each
goes down on the finger, lifting their pussies with each stroke. The
bonds, the cameras, the abduction and the situation has each girl
clearly off balance.

I hold up a towel. She slowly pulled each finger out and came
over. I held it up and she wiped the goop off her hands. With a
sparkle in my eye I looked at the two enema bags. She walked over
and filled them with soap and hot water as instructed, washing her
hands to get the brown stains off before returning.

I enjoyed watching the two sluts while she was busy. Drool was
coming out pretty heavily from the ball gags, streaming down their
chests. They are still bound standing spread eagle, unsure what to
do with their exposed bodies. They had seemed more at ease while
Christy was ass fucking them.

"Give them a good shake," I instructed.

Christy shook each bottle, mixing the soap into a nice foamy
solution. I held a hand out, gesturing her to proceed. Each
asshole is already lubed; the hoses went in without a problem.

"Ok, pump them up."

She obliged. I watched the faces as their asses were first forced
open and then forced open further with each pump.

"That's enough. Open the hoses now."

She released the clamp on each hose and the soapy water began to
fill the bowels of the two sluts. She came as I motioned. I
pointed to the floor before my chair.

"Get down on all fours."

She slowly lowered herself. I put my feet across her back. Her
head dropped. I took the crop and stuck it under her chin, raising
her head.

"You are always to be at attention until I tell you to relax."

I swatted her ass for emphasis and then began teasing her left tit
with the crop. She was uncomfortable of course. She faced a
strategically placed mirror. I want each of the sluts to always be
fully aware of the situation at all times. Each time I felt her
relax I gave her a conditioning swat. After fifteen minutes had
passed I returned my attention back to the swollen bellies, which
protruded from the other two, making their svelte frames appear
pregnant.

Their eyes begged for relief. I'm sure they needed to piss as well
as relieve the bloated bowels. I took my time, pondering as I
looked at each of them and sure enough they began to gyrate at the
hips slowly.

Rising, I took four pair of cuffs and released the ropes holding
each arm before cuffing their arms behind their backs, wrist to
elbow. I turned each at an angle so that they faced each other on
their knees. The hoses were pulled taught as I lowered them.

I called Christy. She rose and slowly came over.

"Come here," I said, pointing to the floor in front of the
redhead.

I moved around behind her and removed the gag.

"Stick out your tongue," I instructed as I pulled her hair back
and her head upward.

Christy knew what I had in mind evidently. She stepped forward. I
put her hands on the sides of Red's head and stepped back to sit.

"I want you to tell me which whore licks your pussy the best.
We'll let the winner go to the bathroom first and we'll hold the
loser here for awhile. That's how things work here girls. Full
compliance will make things a great deal easier for you and
non-compliance will bring you grief. The sooner that you realize
this and get it straight in your own mind that you will put out
one hundred percent at all times the better. Although I must
point out that I will enjoy dealing with any actions that I deem
punishable."

They were shell shocked. It appears they were all still under the
effects of the drug somewhat until now. Now they are realizing the
situation.

"Get with it!" I exclaimed, cracking the side of my chair with the
crop.

The redhead began to lick slowly. It is a feeble attempt. Standing,
I approached in a threatening manner and the tongue began to work
in a more serious manner. Pointing with the crop I ushered the
brunette to walk on her knees closer. I removed her gag and spread
Christy's cheeks as wide as I could.

She balked at the thought. Grabbing her by the hair I began to
whip the shit out of her ass.

"Ok, ok, I'll do whatever you want.."

Again I opened the cheeks, but this time the brunette moved into
a position so that she could lick Christy's asshole. Judging from
her expression I doubted she had ever had oral sex, much less with
a woman, much less with two. I swatted the kneeling figures
several times to get them going and then sat to watch after
refocusing the video camera.

I snapped several photos with the digital cam from my seat,
panning out to get the three of them. The bulging bellies of the
tongues is magnificent as they struggle to retain balance. They
are doing pretty good for the first day, but they would become far
more professional within a short time.

I was about to have Christy turn around when I noticed that she
was about to cum. Damn. I hadn't expected that. I decided to
remain silent and let Red get her first. Sure enough she closed
her eyes and her body tensed as she orgasmed. Damn. I had really
expected her to fight it, but it might not have been possible to
deny the two tongues an orgasm. Then again, she might just be the
perfect sub. Time will tell.

I gave her a few minutes before instructing her to turn about and
to be ready to choose the best tongue. The bottom two were repulsed
at the spit the turn presented and were slower to get down to
business. I expected Red to win out due to this, but I really
don't care. The main thing is that they see how compliance will be
rewarded. I stood and swatted each several times to get them going
and even the contest somewhat. As I sat I noticed that Red was
giving the better performance again. She licked the asshole
several times before penetrating it. It took quite awhile before
Christy came again. And it was evident that the brunette was
holding back.

I took a leash and approached.

"Which tongue won," I asked as if I didn't know.

Christy was silent. She did not want to rat out either roomie I
thought to myself.

"Ok, take your time. Hell, try them out again if you want. Time is
something we have plenty of here."

She looked down at her squirming friends, knowing from experience
the burning desire each had to release the enema.

"Vicky was the best," she replied sheepishly. "I'm sorry Pat," she
began. I interrupted, asking which was Vicky. I knew of course. It
was the redhead. I wanted no apologies however.

I clasped the leash on Vicky's collar and handed it to Christy.

"You know what to do, right?"

She nodded.

"You don't piss, shit or swallow until I tell you to and then you
only do what I instruct," I directed at Vicky as I tugged her to
her feet by the leash.

I followed with the video as Christy led her to the toilet and
sat her down. She released the balloons and the enema probe
squirted out with a rush of water.

"Stop or you will pay," I threatened.

She shut her bowels down the best she could, bending over as her
stomach cramped. I nodded and Christy slowly lifted her back
upright and moved her pussy into position. She had a tough time
pissing with me watching, the camera going and her roomie's eyes
looking up at her. She closed her eyes and finally began to piss.
Vicky gagged and piss went all over her. Her nipples became rock
hard from the strange feeling the warm piss brought.

"Your mouth had better be full and you had better have some piss
left for the other slut," I advised them both.

Vicky managed to stop gagging and her mouth filled. Christy tried
hard to stop pissing, but this is difficult for a girl to do I
understand. Piss, yellow and stenchy from the first piss of the
day continued to flow out of her mouth and down her chest. Christy
finally stopped, pushing back Vicky's head so that she looked at
the ceiling, as I had done to her earlier when she was the pissee.

"Excellent! Now bring your leash and come out here," I instructed.

I clasped it on the other sluts collar and pulled her to her feet,
hanging the empty enema bag on an eye on the back of her collar.

"Now for the loser. I want you to lead her around the room and let
that enema really sink in. I want it to boil about inside her so
that she knows the next opportunity that she has to please me had
better be successful."

Christy took the leash and was about to apologize when I abruptly
returned the ball gags.

"No talking between slaves is allowed my dear. I know you'd like
to, but you'll do her far better if you help demonstrate the
downside of non-compliance."

I pointed and she began to walk around the room with the loser in
tow, who was taking baby steps as the fluid sloshed through her
bowels.

continued...

comments?

paddymellon8@my-deja.com




An erotic fantasy: Night Prowler


  Chapter 2c: Beginning Anew


I returned to Vicky, sitting on the sink in front of her. She was
struggling to retain the enema and to keep the mouthful of piss.
She squirmed, evidently hoping that her body language would
persuade me. I watched silently as she struggled. It is scary that
I can get so much delight from the plight of another.

"Ok, swallow you fucking whore," I said casually.

She gulped, choking again on the downstream flow. She was heaving
to catch her breath. I looked to see the brunette whore was
cramping badly from her expression. I know that Cindy was also.
Sitting on a toilet naturally opens your asshole and clenching
your anal muscles to deny the cramp inducing liquid is torture.
I'd tried all of this on myself to be certain of what each would
be feeling.

"I guess that you are eager to go, eh?"

She replied shortly in the affirmative.

"Ok, now I want you to suck my dick. After I cum in your mouth I
will tell you when you can go..."

She looked impatient. I eased up and put a leg on the back of the
toilet bowl.

"Start by licking my ass. I enjoyed watching you tongue Christy.
Work your tongue good and I'll get off in no time."

Her angry eyes looked up as she leaned over and began to lick my
ass. My balls covered her nose and my cock stiffened out so that
her eyes were on either side of it. She tried to tongue my ass,
but I clenched it shut.

"I said lick bitch. I'll tell you when to fuck it."

She was leaning uncomfortably. She had to move her body in order to
get good long, hard licks across my asshole. Each lunge was
painful, yet her licks had me hard as a rock. This lass has
potential also. She has a gifted tongue and is not afraid to use
it. I turned slightly and spread my cheeks with one arm to allow a
better target. She licked with fury. These girls were not as
innocent as I'd thought.

I motioned for Christy to bring the other slut over. They both
watched as Vicky licked. She was humiliated, but the enema weighed
far more heavily on her mind.

"This is how you do it, get down on your knees and try again," I
instructed, motioning for Christy to turn around.

She put her hands on the lavatory and bent over, exposing her ass.
The brunette hesitated.

"You _will_ pay for this."

She kneed her way over and began licking the still wet ass. Her
eyes were more repulsed than angry. I'd have to take a personal
interest in bringing her out of her hangups. I watched as she
licked. Damn this is erotic. I can feel the cum building already.

"Ok bitches, stick your tongues in and fuck with them!"

Vicky was in before I finished the sentence. Pat was slow but she
rolled her eyes back and began inserting.

"It feels good doesn't it?" I asked Christy.

She nodded.

"Enjoy it. She is here for my pleasure and right now my pleasure
is your pleasure. Hold your cheeks open so that she can get some
depth in you."

She put both arms back and spread her cheeks. Pat did better. She
looked like she was trying finally. I held mine open further and
enjoyed the warm, soft probe. I swear, if something hit my cock
right now it'd break like ice. Her tongue is long, she is a
natural whore.

I eased off and offered my balls. She took them in, not knowing
what to do.

"Suck on them gently."

She began and I could feel the pressure mounting. My cock hung
over her forehead ready to explode. I couldn't take much so I
withdrew and offered my cock in such a way that she had to lean
way over to get it. I stood still, making her again use her
stomach muscles to go down on it. Her eyes softened. She knew she
was near and she was. I grabbed the back of her head and stuck my
cock down her throat and unloaded. I held her there for a moment,
savoring it. She obliged with grace I had never expected.

I slowly withdrew, rubbing my hand over her cheek in admiration of
a job well done. Her eyes beamed her request.

"Very good. Now you can relieve your bowels, but hold your piss."

Again she complied before I finished the sentence, cramped
visibly. I raised her head and stuck my dick back in. This is my
power play I suppose. To be completely in charge while keeping
them subservient. My dick was limp, but it's the principle of the
matter. Her eyes locked on mine as the air was permeated with her
release.

Personal note: I believe that Vicky is conquered at this point. I
will update the log later on this matter, but I think that she
understands already.

I watched as Pat did her best. It was still insufficient. Her
heart was just not in it. After several minutes Vicky had finished
squirting. I got her up and took off the cuffs and showed her to the
bath tub.

I returned with the crop, slapping my leg with it as I approached.
Pat began to tongue with more gusto as she heard the device. I saw
the expression on Christy's face change as the teasing tongue
darted in and out. She was beautiful, leaning over with both arms
behind her holding her cheeks apart, her small, pert tits fully
erect. Her golden tan contrasting with her creamy white bikini
lines.

I pulled Pat back, titty whipping her and explaining that her
efforts did not pass. I sat her on the commode and motioned for
Christy to take over. She released the balloon and Pat began
squirting. I figured a swat would make her tense, so I threatened
her into stopping the outflow. Christy eased back into position
and began to fill her mouth. It came easily this time, but the
yield was low. Exchanging places I finished filling her mouth and
watched as the overflow covered her. Her tits too became erect
from the warm bath. I pushed back her head as usual and pushed
Christy back over to the lavatory.

From behind I felt her tits. Fucking lovely! Fine! My dick began
to come back to life. The buffet of young lovelies defied my
natural limitations. I put her hands back down on the lavatory and
spread her legs wide. Rubbing a small amount of lube on her ass I
jumped right in again.

Entry was much easier this time. She was far more relaxed from the
tongue fucking. We stared at each other in the mirror as I eased
in and out. She had the "you abduct me, you make my roommate fuck
my ass with her tongue and now your cock is fucking my ass" look of
course, but she also had a look of surrender. Her asshole pulled
outward with each slow thrust. There was no doubt of who is in
total control here.

I motioned for Vicky to get out of the tub and slowly slid my cock
out. Turning, I sat back in front of Pat, who was really
struggling to maintain.

"Swallow you fucking bitch."

She gulped for air as the mouthful cleared her windpipe. I smiled
as she focused attention on my cock. She shook her head in denial.

I told her that she would like this a lot more than what she would
find if she declined and that she would get all three of us off
before she could relieve herself. She shuddered.

I stood away. She bent over and tried to grasp the head in her
mouth. I didn't make it easy for her and it took several tries. It
is possibly here that she gave in. The degree of humiliation was
high and she had to make several feeble attempts before she was
able to grasp the head. I moved in only slightly, so that she
really had to strain to get at me, explaining the downside of
being the low dog on the totem pole. Her efforts were more
encouraging and I fed her some more rod.

I motioned to the tub as Vicky came in. She sat where Christy had
been, looking on as Pat struggled to get me off. I told her to
drop the towel. It had served it's purpose already. The sight of
her naked body assisted and my balls began to ache again. I
grabbed her head and pumped a mini-load down her throat. I gave
her the same praise with my palm, but her eyes begged relief.

Moving to the side I told Vicky to piss in her mouth. She was
already sticky with Christy's piss and with mine. She was hesitant
in opening her mouth to receive. A look was all it took and she
held her head back in wait. Vicky was not nearly as shy about it
as Christy had been. Maybe her kidneys were about to burst, I
dunno, but I swear she had a wry grin as she opened the flood
gates. Pat's mouth filled and a yellow avalanche covered her body.

"Ok, swallow you fucking slut."

I think the degrading talk was helping to get to her, so I hit her
hard with it.

She swallowed. Vicky never moved. She seemed to read ahead and was
awaiting an orgasm. Again, I sensed a wry grin even if I couldn't
see it. Facing the dripping beaver, Pat reached out and began to
lick some pussy. It was lackluster though and I explained that she
would stay there until I was satisfied that she rang the bell.

She began to tongue with more spirit. This is the slow one for
sure. An example should be made...

It was awhile before Vicky took Pat by the head and started aiming
the tongue home. She had a real orgasm within a few more minutes.
Christy had finished bathing and came without a towel. I held my
arms out and we embraced. I stuck my tongue into mer mouth and
sucked the air out of her lungs. Vicky had finished and had put a
leg up on the toilet. She had Pat licking her ass! Haha. I hadn't
even thought of it and she was indulging herself while I was busy
admiring Christy's svelte body as she approached.

"Your turn babe."

Christy offered her pussy and Pat attacked it this time. Holding
up the cuffs, Vicky took the hint, turning and putting her arms
behind her, holding an elbow with each hand. I placed a cuff above
each elbow and then cuffed each wrist. I adjusted each cuff with a
stop mechanism, so that it could not be squeezed any further shut
than necessary. This could be dangerous. This could damage the
product.

She wasn't really paying attention. She was watching Christy and
Pat; with envy. It occurred to me at this point that the girls were
still under the influence of the drug. That's why it had been all
so easy up to this point. These girls were fucked up and horny as
hell. I've never used this stuff before except on myself in an
attempt to know the proper dosage and effects. I was horny as
hell, but then again I always am, so I hadn't noted anything out
of the ordinary here. I did note the memory loss, but it was not
nearly as long before the effects wore off. This stuff is a new
designer concoction, or so I was told when I scored it. I bought a
shitload of it, pretending to be a dealer. It might come in handy
if the sluts do resist after it wears off.

I decided to run with it and to video it all, so I could
refresh their memories if need be.

I took two more pairs of cuffs with me as I pulled Christy's arms
behind her and cuffed her. I held her up so that she could move
her ass about to receive the probing tongue. She began to rock,
grinding her clit with Pat's nose. She was actually trying to fuck
herself with Pat's nose as she tongue fucked herself at the same
time.

I motioned for Vicky to drop down and give me some head as I held
Christy up. She obliged quickly and after a few moments I unloaded
down her throat. It is time to rest.

I pulled Christy off and I put Vicky back on for the few moments
it took for me to put her back to bed. I chained her collar to the
headboard and her feet to the foot rail, spread apart. She had a
bad case of the drippy pussy, to say the least. I wanted to keep
her horny as hell. I turned the small TV on before I left. Each
room has a small TV to provide incentive for good behavior and to
run the tapes I've recorded to show them what helpless sluts they
are. She smiled as I left. What a gorgeous babe!

Vicky was still getting head when I got back. I sat patiently
until she stiffened. I held her as I had held Christy and sure
enough she moved her ass into position and accepted the awaiting
tongue. I helped her pivot and she too began to go for the nose.
I allowed her to get a more than ample case of drippy pussy too,
before securing her in her bedroom as I'd done Christy.

I returned to find a nearly broken Pat. She was obviously horny,
yet ashamed. She was cramping like hell, yet somewhat turned on by
the demands presented her. I raised her head and stuck my limp
rack in. It slowly swelled back to life. I explained the virtues
of compliance and just how bad it would be for the bottom dog in
the future. I explained that since this was an introductory offer
the price was well below the market value; it will be far more
severe in the future.

She was concentrating on getting me off more than paying heed to
what I had told her.

"Ok, shit you fucking slut."

It was immediate. Her body and mouth went limp as she opened up
and relieved herself. There was several minutes of cramping
relief. She looked up with a downtrodden look, my dick still in
her mouth.

"Now piss, you whore!"

She again began almost immediately. She had followed my orders
precisely. I decided to cut some slack. My cock was hard and
ready, but I withdrew, preferring a good rim job and to preserve
my stiffness.

Afterwards I had her clean the bathroom spotless, as the bottom
dog always will, and jump into the shower. After drying off and
brushing her teeth I put her to bed.

The door to each bedroom was shut. I took the tape I'd just made
and exited to my bedroom. Putting it in my player I started the
tape for us all to enjoy as we rested. I played it over and over
until I fell asleep, watching a split screen of each girl
watching the acts they had committed previously.

I slept good. It had been a very productive day and there were no
loose ends. I dreamed of what the first night held.

continued..

comments?

paddymellon8@my-deja.com




An erotic fantasy: Night Prowler


 Chapter 3a: The Wee Hours Of The Night

I awoke at 11:23 pm. The screen revealed three sleeping babes and
a quadrant of static from the tape long ago ended. I went in and
made coffee and jumped into the shower. Taking my coffee out, I
went back upstairs and out onto my front balcony. The moonlight
dimly lit up surrounding valley. The night was quiet. Being a work
day, everyone was in bed, long asleep, or perhaps watching some
crummy TV show.

I, on the other hand, was contemplating the training regimen I
would be using shortly. I moved to the far side of the second
story and out onto its balcony. The exercise yard was lit dimly.
I fucking made a brick wall that is eight feet high and nearly
three hundred yards long. It, and the wall of my house make up a
bricked domain of exercise. The swimming pool is just below me
with an open area beyond. Exercise is an important factor of life.
I believe in it wholeheartedly.

On the top of the wall runs an ungrounded 110v wire. It's just a
precaution that I will keep to myself.

The coffee was giving my balls a caffeinated feeling. Or maybe I
was just horny again, I dunno. I went back in and rewound the tape
and started it again. I have control of the volume, I turned it up
high and went back down to prepare a four star breakfast buffet. I
sat and ate my fill, before wheeling a tray out to the far side of
the pool.

I headed back to roust the girls. I paused in my bedroom watching
each girl. They were all awake from the volume of the tape and
fighting at their bounds. Each seemed humiliated by what the TV
was broadcasting. I can understand that I guess. It's really great
to watch each sluts face as they watch the tape though.

I opened each door and contemplated my next move. I decided on the
old drill sergeant routine, fast, abusive and dominating were the
keys I'd need now. I left each security door open, we were coming
right back out, after all.

I entered each room lambasting each slut. I put on a head collar,
which is a series of black leather straps that fit over the head
and neck. Each resisted and asked a bunch of questions before the
ball gag muted them. I led them to a closet where  had stockpiled
shoes and other clothing and selected a pair of socks and tennis
shoes for each. After they put the shoes on I placed a wooden post
behind their back and cuffed their wrists together in the front,
their arms were around the post. I brought them to the central room
one by one, attaching a short chain to their collars to form a chain
gang. And a beautiful chain gang it was!

I led them to the stairs, stopping at each security door,
explaining that only I knew the sequence to open each. I told them
that three wrong entries would disable the keypad. If this
occurred the keypad could only be reset from the outside. If they
ever tried to over power me we would all be sealed inside the
basement for eternity, because I would never open the doors. This
was not exactly true, but I decided to head off any plans of mutiny
early. They only know what I tell them after all.

I led them out back into the exercise yard to the exerciser. This
is a home made contraption similar to one used to exercise horses.
It is a heavy steel post that swivels with four arms, each hanging
out fifteen feet from the central axis. I attached Cindy's head
harness to one arm and unhooked the other two, attaching each to
another arm.

I stood back to admire, to appreciate the scene before me. While
they all three looked perplexed they all knew what we were doing
somehow. I stepped into the center and picked up my whip. It's a
stiff shaft about three feet long with a nine inch leather whip on
the end. I popped it a few times, getting the full attention of
each of the beasts of burden.

"This is a part of your daily routine, beginning right now. You
most likely have many questions and maybe later I will answer some
of them. That is, after you work your way up. Presently you are
all just maggots. Your value is zero. You are here because I
brought you here; for nothing more than my personal pleasure. As
you become accustomed to your new environment I'm certain that you
will each strive to please me. If you strive hard enough you will
be rewarded. If not, you will be punished. I cannot tell you that
I will get no satisfaction in your punishment. That is what I
live for you see, the melding of young flesh into my own mold."

"Look around. We are twenty miles from any road and another
fifteen miles to a house. You can hear my dogs barking out front.
They will tear you to shreds if you venture out without me. That
is, if I don't get you first."

Again, that wasn't the exact truth, but misinformation is a
powerful tool.

"So cleanse your mind. Let all of the garbage that you have filled
it with expire. Focus. Prepare to be retrained!"

The girls were uncomfortable. Their nudity and the hopeless
situation showed on their faces as total humiliation.

"Everyone lift your right knee." CRACK!

They all tried, fumbling for balance.

"Tonight we are going to work on your gait. I'm sure you have all
seen show horses. This is your assignment. Lift your knees and
make a graceful gait. Follow the steps of the bitch in front of
you. GO!"

They began, without precision or grace. I cracked the whip behind
each as they came around. The cracking had a big influence and
they slowly developed some rhythm and grace.

I left and sat down to eat another course of breakfast, enjoying
my coffee as I watched the beauties learn. Each face looked at me
as it came around as I enjoyed myself. They had not eaten in quite
awhile now.

"If you'd like to eat today, you sluts had better perform to my
expectations!"

That broke their rhythm for a moment, but they regained it shortly
and were doing pretty good for the first try. The June evening was
muggy and humid, as June evenings tend to be here. Each body shone
in the low intensity lights that I had on by the pool. Each was
coated with sweat already. Beads dripped off with each step.

"Good, very good! Keep it going."

I'm not an unfair guy. I believe in giving credit where credit is
due. I'd about finished eating my fill and decided that it was
time to try out the buggy.

I'd made a two seat buggy made to be pulled by two beasts. It was
light weight and fairly easy to pull. At least in theory. This
would be its first test. It has a comfortable bench type seat for
two. It has two harness bars, about ten feet long, where the
beasts are attached. The post behind the small of their backs is
attached to each side by a short chain and there are handles to
hold onto, even with the limited reach. It's mounted on two heavy
bicycle tires and I even managed a brake system. Not too shabby if
I do say so myself.

I had them stop their warmup so that they could cool down a bit as
I went to the shed and pulled the buggy out. Their faces were
painted in disbelief as I approached with it.

"That's right. This is for you," I said, releasing Christy. "You've
done well my love. You will ride tonight."

I chose Christy as the top dog. She had put more effort, or either
she had adjusted more quickly than the other two. Her gait had
been the best by far. I removed the post from behind her back and
led her to an outdoor shower beside the pool.

"Go ahead and rinse off. Just wait here and air dry while I
harness the pony girls."

I reached down and began to probe her pussy before the thought
really occurred. It was wet as hell. Her tits were erect.

"Does this turn you on?"

She hesitated before moving her head in the negative.

"Your body betrays you dear. Your pussy and your tits say
differently."

She hung her head. I raised it with a finger.

"In time you will get beyond your denial. Until then just try to
enjoy yourself."

I removed the cuffs and gazed at her sleek and sweaty body. I
motioned to the shower. She turned and began to rinse off as I
returned to the exerciser.

"You two did not do very well. You did not put out the effort that
she did. Do you understand?"

Their eyes were a mixture of fear, of bitterness, of uncertainty.
It took a crack of the whip, but they both nodded with reserve.

I took Pat first, hooking the post to the side chains and
adjusting the handles so that they met her hands. Then I hooked
Vicky in the lead position before attaching two long cords, one to
a harness eye on each side of their head harness.

"When I pull left, you turn left. When I pull both, you stop. You
better goddamned have an improved gait or we'll be here all night
working on it. The slut in the back will stay in step with the
slut in the front. I want nice, small, high steps."

Crack! I popped the whip for emphasis. They both jumped as the tip
of the whip broke the sound barrier. While I would never bring the
might of this whip to any flesh it was obvious that I had them
scared shitless with it. If you crack one of these with the right
attitude in the proximity of someone who halfway expects to
taste it, they will cower.

I got in and got comfortable. Throwing up both reins I said,
"Giddy yap." The cart began to move slowly. Both sluts were
grasping for a comfortable balance in pursuit of a 'gait' that
would bring them no grief.

Looking back to Christy I saw that she had finished rinsing and
was standing beside the shower head, uncomfortably, looking about.
I decided to steer away and to the back wall and allow her to get
a real first look. The house was dark. The only light was the low
intensity lights and the dim moonlight. Her hands were held out,
as if she didn't know what to do with them as the buggy turned and
I lost sight.

They were slow. It took several minutes to wheel around and we
didn't go but halfway to the back wall. Christy was standing in
the same place, yet I could see the fight or flight look in her
body language. It was expected of course. It was the first
opportunity that she had since she arrived. She was dripping wet
and butt naked in a place she did not know though, and of course
she impatiently awaited us. She looked at the beasts; tits bobbing
and pussies opening up with every step.

I pulled the reins back as the carriage arrived. They did a good
job of coming to a graceful stop. (all things considered)

I got out and put Christy's collar back on and took her in tow
with the leash, slowly circling and admiring the setup. She began
to talk, to ask the questions I knew they all would like answered.
I placed my finger under my nose to shush her.

"We'll leave the ball gag out as long as you are silent. Otherwise
it goes back in."

I noticed the two up front looking back, so I took the buggy whip
and slapped each on the sweaty ass. Their bodies were steadily
dripping sweat from the god awful humidity.

"I'll have to add some blinders I see. You always stand at
attention when you're in a situation such as this. Heads forward
ladies!"

Each looked forward. Both were heaving heavily. All three are
soft. It will take some time getting them conditioned before we
will be ready to head out on the creek gravel trails I have in
the woods out back.

I led Christy up one side until she was even with Pat and I was
even with Vicky. I stuck my hand down. My finger went right into
the overly hot, wet pussy.

"Try it," I said, motioning to Pat. "I can't tell you why, except
that the primal hormones still reside within our bodies. Women are
turned on from deep inside at being made helpless objects like
this. Your exteriors flatly deny this premise, yet your pussies
yearn for fulfillment."

I turned my eyes to hers and she slowly reached down. She seemed
stunned at how hot and creamy the outer lips were.

"See. You can deny it, but you cannot hide it. They have done
well on their first try. Lets finger fuck them."

Christy looked perplexed, but she followed my lead and began to
finger fuck Pat. I noticed that both widened their stance to allow
for better penetration. I'm not sure that either was aware that
they had done it. Both closed their eyes. Their faces had the
expression of rape, but they both were getting hot. Christy kept
looking to me. I assured her with my own look each time and she
began to work with Pat's rhythm. Pat came first. Vicky was right
behind her. I stopped and removed the gag, gesturing Christy to
follow my motions. I put my finger to her lips, awaiting her. She
was still breathing heavily and her jaws obviously ached from the
ball gag. She opened her mouth ever so slightly. I eased the
finger in and she began to suck on it. Pat took awhile, but she
too sucked her own juices.

"The same for you two. I'll leave the gags out as long as you are
silent. When you talk they will go back in."

I withdrew my finger and redeposited it deep in her pussy. Christy
followed as I looked back to her. I fucked her harder, spreading
the lips way out. I just love the sight of a good swollen pussy.
And this is the way to make one that way. Christy began to fuck
harder in response. Finally I withdrew my finger and changed
places with Christy.

Pat's face was not receptive. I grabbed the back of her hair and
eased her head back a bit. Her mouth opened and I inserted the
finger to the hilt. She obviously had some religious upbringing to
the point that she was trying to reject the obvious outcome.

"Suck it off you fucking slut!"

Again, I don't really enjoy the degrading and forceful approach.
It works like a charm , so I continue to use it. I knew that
Vicky would not be a problem. I think this girl has a lot of kink
yet to be explored. She's not nearly as uptight as Pat, to my
surprise. I would have wagered money that Pat was going to be my
babe. She's currently the bottom dog though.

Vicky actually moved her head up and down Christy's finger. These
two are cool!

I gave some last minute advise on proper gait to each on the
ground before taking Christy in tow and going back into the coach.
I handed the reins to Christy.

"You guide us. Go anywhere that you want to go."

She looked back at me in despair.

"It's ok. You're the top dog and you will reap the rewards
tonight. Those two are here simply to entertain us. I want you to
grab that whip and crack it if their performance lags."

I motioned her to pull the left rein. Both heads tilted left and
they made a wide turn around the pool. I pointed down the fence
and she reined them over to a gravel path along the wall.

"Ok, relax. You only need to guide them when we get to a fork.
Pull right or left, but always pull and show them that it is your
decision and that they will follow it."

The one hundred yard square area has many paths and forks. The
pace was slow though due to the high stepping gait. The buggy
rocked and swayed slightly as the motorcycle shocks gave as we
crossed the slightly unlevel gravel beds that make up the paths.

We sat silently for several moments just enjoying the show. Pat
filled the view mostly, but we could see the taller Vicky in the
lead. Each was huffing it pretty good. They were out of shape
though. That's something we would be working on.

Christy reined left at the second intersection. She was avoiding
eye contact at the moment but I could see her eyes gleaming. I
think that she was beginning to enjoy already, but was still
ashamed that he did.

Her body was almost dry. I leaned over and began to kiss her neck.
Her shoulder hunched at first, but she relaxed it in due time. I
kissed her ever so softly for several minutes. I eased my left
hand down to get her wet. She was wet already to my surprise. I
quickly dropped my shorts and threw them into the basket behind
us.

continued..

comments?

paddymellon8@my-deja.com




An erotic fantasy: Night Prowler


 Chapter 3b: The Wee Hours Of The Night


"Come here," I said.

I held the reins while she mounted me. She reached down, taking my
dick and inserting it into her pussy, before settling down. It
felt so fucking grand. She put her arms over my shoulder.

"You're doing exactly what I expect Christy. The others are doomed
to a non-privileged status it looks like. But when you get lazy...
well, you'll find yourself down there and I'll be spending the
evening with someone else. I won't lie, the competition is going
to be stiff. I have confidence that you're going to ride for
awhile, so enjoy yourself."

The swaying of the carriage created a slow fucking motion. I
pulled her close and kissed her deeply.

The two up front most likely could not hear anything between the
footsteps in the gravel and their heavy panting. It is actually a
pretty private environment.

My balls swelled in no time. Her slim and tanned body, hell those
pert tits had me. I gushed into her. She clenched and returned the
kiss deeply. I was in heaven without a doubt. We kissed for awhile
and I think that we both bonded. She seemed to understand and
accept her new home. She sat there as my dick went limp and was
expelled via the rocking motion.

"Very nice... Ok, you can ask a question."

She blurted, "Where are we?"

"That's not much of a question. But you are all at my home. This
is now your home too. I stalked you. I captured you, leaving no
clue. You are mine and they are ours tonight."

She looked dumbfounded somewhat.

"There is no escape. This is it for you. I've spent years, twenty
of them, in finding the perfect place and in building our home. It
is ready now and here we are. Would you like to ask another
question?"

It looked like her head was swirling. She didn't want to accept my
statements.

"You're not going to let us go?"

"No my dear." I kissed her hand and enjoyed her chest. My cock
began to return to attention.

"Why?"

"I didn't ask you if you'd like to ask another question."

I looked seriously at her. My dick was at three quarters mast
rubbing her lips as the carriage bobbed.

"Why not? It was so easy. You were tricked, so to speak, but you
did forfeit your freedom in the process. You are my possession now
because I took you and I can hold you and there's not anything that
anyone can do to change that. I set up that frat asshole to take
the fall. I covered the bases. You were abducted. Plain and simple."

"Give me some head and get that thing back up."

She eased off of me. My cock was still wet. Her mouth descended
and she began to work it. It sprang back to life, but I must admit
that I was scared shitless. She could bite me. I hadn't set a real
example yet. Fight or flight is serious hormonal flow. Her mouth
went down without incident and I nervously enjoyed a head job.

When I was back at full mast I spun her around and I had her sit
on me. Again, she grabbed my cock and inserted it. This is a
definite good sign. Her warm lips spread as she maxed out. I gave
her the whip.

"Pop them good, give the double time order."

I leaned and looked on from the side. Her eyes glistened as she
tried several times before popping the whip and commanding the
beasts.

The several failed attempts had the two on foot hoofing it. The
rocking of the buggy was much more pronounced, but I can control
the rest where I cannot control the first. Maybe it was the loss
of sight of Christy's tits, but I remained solid. Christy began to
rock with the motion. Then she began to bounce, which exaggerated
the movements of the buggy. I forced myself to think of my
grandmother to avoid an orgasm. Christy bursted into climax, but
quietly. Her body went rigid, yet silent.

"You don't have to worry about them, they can't hear us. And you
most definitely do not have to worry about me," I said laughingly.

She began sitting so that I penetrated her all of the way. Her
lips were swollen and hot as hell. They thrusts out to each side
of my crotch each time the buggy swayed. She threw up the reins
and popped the whip.

"Faster!" she exclaimed. I think that she is going again. Damn. I
thought of grandma again and relaxed while her pelvic area ground
down around my cock. She began a continuous climax. I rode it out
somehow. I'd really appear weak if I wimped out. Jeep, we have a
three to one ratio. If I can't hang on one then I surely got into
the wrong business.

I set her hot ass down beside me after twenty minutes or so. Got
damn! We enjoyed running the shit out of the
not-quite-ready-to-be-a-pony-girls for awhile longer.

"Look at them. Crrr-rist. What sluts."

She looked upon me. It was an unknowing look for sure.

"Yes, you might be down sometime, but you know how to arise and
you'll be on top again."

"Tonight you drive though. Let's give these whores a good workout."

She popped the whip and they picked up the pace even more. There
were moans, grunts and farts. None quite serious enough to act upon.
They were exceeding my own expectations by far. I figured that they
would have bitched and that I'd already gagged them and that then
they would have refused to pull and that I would have switched them.
They were performing good though. Christy had grown to like it
already. It looked like the power had gone to her head too. She
reined the team about with a gleam in her eye. Honeysuckle and
privet blooms permeated the muggy morning air.

I got out at the pool to grab my cameras and set them up. I turned
on some higher intensity lights to better illuminate the area. The
shots were great. They were everything that I had imagined.
Christy looked like a natural up there. I fully intend to rotate
the three out, so that each gets a taste of both the top and the
bottom. It is going to be difficult to put Christy back down in
lieu of the outstanding job she is doing tonight. She seems to
have no qualms, having figured out quickly that there is a direct
competition between the three of them.

I lit the gas grill and went inside. The kitchen provides a view
of the entire exercise area. I prepared a large salad, watching
the trio as I worked. They continued, aware that I was watching
them. I took the two steaks that I had marinating and put them
onto the grill. The smoke of the grilling beef rolled around the
walled enclosure. I motioned Christy to bring them in and watched
as they slowly came toward the shed. They were dead tired, but
again this is their first workout. I unhitched Vicky and put her
leash on, directing Christy to give her some water and then take
her to the exerciser. I followed with Pat. We attached their head
harnesses and put the ball gags back in.

"It's cool off time. You sluts are going to be sore as hell
tomorrow. I want you to high step slowly and allow your bodies
time to cool down."

They were glistening in the light. Sweat was pouring off their
bodies by the gallon. Once they began to move I put Christy on the
grill as I made drinks and brought everything out to the garden
table. When the steaks were done we sat down to eat. There's
nothing quite as good as a steak hot off the grill. And nothing
smells quite as good as it cooks either. All three were visibly
aroused by the aromatic smoke.

I poured wine and Christy and I watched as the beasts cooled down.
We ate in silence. I didn't want a bunch of useless questions. She
was a bit nervous, yet she did well.

After we finished I took her back downstairs and gave her an
enema. I added a little extra water for good measure before
removing the hose and bottle, leaving basically a ballooned
buttplug in. Taking my crop I encouraged her to put on a private
performance, high stepping around the room for several minutes.
Her belly was swollen by the fluid, making my cock hard again.

I took her to the tub, putting her hands up on the shower head and
removed the plug. Several squirts came out before she was able to
stem the tide. I turned on the shower and rinsed the residue down
the drain before stepping in behind her and easing my swollen cock
into her. I've never done this before. The thought was highly
erotic though. I reached around her and pushed on the sides of her
belly, which forced the hot, soapy water from side to side. She
clenched her anal muscles due to the cramping and I suppose the
humiliation of it all. It was warm inside. I could feel the liquid
swishing around in search of a way out. She was plugged again
securely though. My cock was now the gatekeeper and the soapy film
lubricated me perfectly. This is pretty cool! I could get off
slowly from the warm swishing liquid and the tightly clenched anal
muscles.

I still have two outside though, so I decided to move along. I
moved my hands to her breasts, squeezing them as I began to ram
her ass. She squealed. Whether is was from delight or in anguish
had little bearing. I pulled almost out, right up to the head
before driving back in. Her body moved with my rhythm in attempts
to regain control of her sphincter muscles.

It was no time of course, before I unloaded in her. This is a
useful tool, I noted as I slowly withdrew. I thought that she was
going to pass out as I exited and she fought to close her ass. I
took her out and out her on the toilet and took my shower. I gave
her a few extra minutes before putting her in, telling her that I
was going to lay an outfit on her bed and that she should be
dressed and waiting. I then told her to apply makeup heavily like
a slut.

I then returned upstairs. Gazing out the plate glass I saw the
other two. They were still stepping, but it was very weak. They
both looked all around. I would do the same I'm sure were I in
their position. They were secured though and I had wanted to give
them both awhile to soak up the situation so that they could
sooner arrive at the obvious conclusion; there is no escape.

Taking a cold glass of wine I went out and coached them awhile
longer, giving Christy time enough to brush her teeth and to get
dressed. They were dead tired. I seriously doubted that either had
ever done any real physical work with their bodies before. My
carefully planned regimine of diet and exercise would slowly
introduce them to more and more exercise, which would keep their
bodies trim and sturdy. The steak that Christy got was something
that would be rare, haha. The girls would eat mostly grains,
fruits and vegetables tempered only occasionally with meat. Cheese
would provide the main protein content. Another benefit to their
diet would be the health of their teeth. All had lived pampered
lives before and all have healthy teeth. It is important to keep
them that way of course since I have no way to repair them.

After I bored with them, actually when I hankered to return to
check out Christy, I sat them down for salad and fruit. After
they finished I took them in and back downstairs. Christy was
sitting on her bed, dressed as instructed. She even had the
smaller ball gag that I had laid out in. I set the two subs up to
give each other an enema and then had them finger each other. Both
were uncomfortable in losing control of their bodies for my
entertainment, but they were coming right along. I instructed them
to shit, shower, brush and to dress with the uniforms I laid out
on their beds. And that it goes without repeating, they shall
always apply their makeup like cheap sluts.

I sat and began to fit Christy's hobble, explaining to her that it
was for her own protection. I had made a pair for each of them and
in most cases they would be worn anytime that they were outside
the basement. I had taken pairs of fur lined cuffs and placed a
short length of chain between them. I allowed ample slack for
walking up and down the stairs. Their leg movement was impaired
somewhat though, making walking in the long high heels a show in
itself. Running was pretty much out of the question.

I then put on her waist chain. I fit it around her body tightly
below her tits. There were two cuffs on it also that fit right
above each elbow. This restricted arm movement so that she could
work without being overly free.

I took her upstairs and got her started in the kitchen. These
girls are more than just sex slaves afterall. They are total
slaves.

I had removed anything that could be used as a weapon before I
brought them home. There were knives of course. That's why the
kitchen detail was for the top dog, that is the most trusted. Even
with a knife none of these soft mounds of flesh presented a real
threat to me. I would keep on my toes of course, but I was pretty
much safe.

I stepped away and enjoyed the view. She stood in four in black
high heels, complete with black stockings and garter belt. She had
a small black leather skirt wrapped around her waist, barely
concealing her panty less hips. This was topped off with a sheer,
black bra. Black is my color of course and I just love bras. I
love to see them going on, on, going off and off. Her makeup was
pretty fair for a first try. It wasn't nearly heavy or slutty
enough, but I would instruct them all on the specifics later. It's
the first time I've seen her as a slut. She's always been well
dressed and had the look of a model in her makeup and face.

She started loading the dishwasher as I departed. The other two
were ready as I arrived. Each wore only a black corset, high heels
and stay up stockings. Their makeup was passable, so I fitted both
with chains and led them up. Once there I assigned them the task
of general cleaning, dusting, washing windows, sweeping, mopping,
etc. They would work six hours daily on my home. Within a week it
was immaculate. It was detailed. And it would stay that way.

My cock was full of life, but I decided against further
intercourse, enjoying the feeling of being fully stimulated, my
balls ripe, as I watched the girls go about their chores.

I finally forced myself to put them to bed, ending their first
day. I am fully impressed that they have done so well.

TWO DELIGHTFUL WEEKS PASS.

I haven't had the time to update my journal. I've put training
into high gear, which has eaten away my evenings. I've worked
outside on perimeter security and on finishing the gravel buggy
trails out back in the daytime. There has been no sight of another
human short of an occasional airliner passing overhead.

The girls are coming along amazingly well. I've shown them daily
that there is no escape. I've switched them several times a day
in light to their individual performance. I have two of them
switch the bottom dog often too. I think I've wedged them apart
and they have accepted their situation. I've enjoyed tying my
knots, binding them in every conceivable way. I tie them in an
uncomfortable position for as long as it takes to make them beg to
serve me. And they have learned to comply or to beg. One or the
other. I'm teaching them to tie each other also, so that I can sit
and enjoy.

Last night I branded them. I'd fashioned a small iron about a year
ago. My initials were burned into the flesh of the right ass cheek
of each. The tricky part was getting the temperature right. I got
the tip of the iron red hot and allowed it to cool far belong a
glow before making my mark on each, sealing the transactions that
had occurred only two weeks earlier. The wounds are doing well.
I've kept them bandaged and ointment applied. The signatures will
be perfect.

I've also been keeping up with the news. The girls were reported
missing shortly after they did not make it home for the break.
There have been no real suspects named yet, however they have
interviewed the frat rat. His name is Dennis Pantallion. His
wealthy parents reside in Houston.

I've been consumed with internal turmoil for the last week or so.
This is not like me at all. I meticulously planned and carried
out with precision the acquisitions that I desired. There was
little guesswork. There were no clues except those which pointed
to someone else. Yet I must wrestle within my own mind the
possibility of pulling off one more.

If I do, if I can, it will be perfect. If he disappears the
authorities will be suspicious that he is the one they seek. Months
later when the DNA results are returned they will be certain.

I must admit that I already have plans for him. He will make the
perfect boy toy for all of us. I can vision him in a wig,
stockings, a corset and makeup running about with a hard on. His
wiry, feminine and hairless body is pretty damn good. His dark
hair will grow out, replacing the wig. And he owes me one. Or do I
maybe owe him? The thought of his corseted figure standing
beside me with cock at full mast intrigues me.

The big picture, the long term planning weighs heavily. I need to
breed another generation, as simple as that. Within thirteen years
they will be ready, having been trained to perfection. I'm faced
with the choice of breeding them and then having my own daughters
or acquiring another sperm stock and then having his daughters.

I could lose everything here. I have done no recon. I have made no
plans. I could be pulled over on the way home and busted. It would
be a by the seat of the pants operation vulnerable to bad luck or
a simple stupid mistake. I will have to place everything that I
firmly possess upon the table to take another spin of the wheel.

I drift off to sleep, even though sharp thoughts are bouncing all
about my head.

continued...

comments?

paddymellon8@my-deja.com




An erotic fantasy: Night Prowler


Chapter 4a: Of Risk And Of Desire

The neighboring herd of dogs barked relentlessly. The moon had
been building. It was a little over half full. These two factors
work against me. The intensity of the moonlight was just enough to
partially illuminate the surrounding area with shadows, which
tends to keep the dogs barking. Especially when there are many
dogs as there are here tonight. I've been sitting here for fifteen
minutes now waiting and watching. All is still except for the
hounds.

It is 3:24 AM. Everyone surely must be slumbering this Tuesday
morning. Except for me.

I open my car door and silently exit and close the door only so
that the interior light goes out. I open the trunk as quietly as I
can and take out my bag, before lowering, but not latching the
trunk lid.

The attention of the hounds is down the street. It sounds like
they have a cat cornered. I quickly proceed across the dew laden
grass. It hasn't been cut in awhile, but I imagine that his legal
problems have demanded his attention recently. I stopped in some
hedges growning at the corner of the house and slip on my stocking
and gloves.

My pulse is racing. My breathing is erratic rendering me somewhat
breathless. Surveying the surrounding houses for lights I decide
to go for it now. Now is the time, this day and this hour, or none
at all.

I ease up to the back door. The porch light is on. Within a second
of arrival I have it unscrewed and only the willowy shadows of the
moon find me now. I take my pen knife and slowly pry the weather
strips off of a lower pane in the door. With silent precision I
remove all four and begin to scrap the soft grout that seals the
pane into place. The texture is slightly stiffer than play dough.
It is made to firm, but to stay plyiable so that repairing broken
windows is simple. This window is not broken however. It takes
nearly twenty minutes to quietly remove it.

Patience is difficult for us all in todays society. To remain
patient while your ass is hanging in the wind like this is
extremely difficult. I am visible, so the longer I'm out here on
the porch and the longer that I'm here at all will determine the
overall risks of being caught and losing everything. This is
tempered by the fact that the adrenaline induced temptation to
hurry can lead me to make mistakes, such as waking the prey or
breaking the window pane of leaving the one miniscule clue that
can be traced back to me.

I freeze and listen. My pounding heart and the hounds are the only
sound that I hear. I reach in and slowly turn the deadbolt. I
reach up to see if the chain is set; of course it is. I do my best
with this noisy device and lower it so that it hangs free. Then I
turn the lock on the door knob. All is still quiet.

I pick up the pane of glass and replace it, pushing firmly to
reseat it in the putty that remained on the door frame. The outter
putty had come off neatly in strips. I reapply them and firm the
putty to form an outter seal. Then the weather strips go back on.
It's a cinch, even in the dark. Perhaps you should examine your
own windows and see just what is required to remove and then
replace a pane without detection. It is easy.

I decide to slip off my shoes. No matter how lightly I might tread
shoes are noisy. Footsteps can bring even a heavy sleeper to bear.
I open the door and step in, pulling the door closed behind me. I
removed the clorophorm and the cotton mask that it is applied to.
before showly moving one foot, and then the other. I ready my
taser, perhaps I'll need it.

I ease over to the couch. He's not here. My body slowly pivets,
directing me to the bedroom. I can now hear the slower breathing
sounds a sleeping victim might make from the hallway.

I freeze. Straight ahead in the bath room, I could see through the
window that a two rooms had lights on next door. The house was
dark when I arrived. Got_damn! Someone just turned on the porch
light. The dogs have moved back down and evidently woke someone
up.

My position is a weak one. I have not checked the details that I
should have checked out before embarking. Hell, I don't even know
if he is alone. Now someone is awake. This is someone that
possibly can identify a strange car in the alley or witness my
exit if they are awake and look out a window later. But hell, what
if my pidgeon wakes up too?

I remained motionless for twenty painful minutes. It is now 4:05.
I could only think of how badly this caper was planned. I should
have arrived an hour earlier to allow extra time. 4:45 is my
limit. I must be free and clear at 4:45, which is the earliest I
_guessed_ anyone else would awaken. A guess is quicksand to the
foundation of any op. I can back out and probably leave without
detection. If I go for it I must prepare and load the passenger
and then come back and in the dark bag anything that he would take
with him if he fled. If I leave medicine, or his contacts or
something like this then my plan will be flawed. I don't even know
if he wears contacts. As it is now, there will be no forensic
investigation. They will assume that he fled. If one thing, just
one thing strikes an investigator as odd a full investigation will
surely ensue. I feel vulnerable even in my stocking. A single hair
or a single fiber can turn me into a prisoner. I simply do not
have time to clean up before I depart. Visions of my trial filled
my mind. A complete winner. Or a complete loser. There are two
options. Only two.

I decided to quietly bail. At that precise moment I heard a car
door and then an engine crank. Voices, a lady on the porch saying
something about the grocery store and a mumbled reply from the car
before it backed out of the drive and left. It is 4:17 and the
lights are still on. I could not make myself turn. I had to at
least see. I am only seven feet or so away. I slowly shift my
feet forward. Standing in the darkened doorway I see the prey
fast asleep. I look once more, and as if a direction from an
entity somewhere, the lights go out just as I looked out.

Standing in the doorway brought back the long forgotten feeling of
night ambush back in the jungle. Patrols of three were sent out
each night to patrol the perimeter; search and destroy. I
volunteered for ambush and became somewhat of a specialist.
I detested the mindless daily routine of loading up, taking a
piece of ground and casualties and then turning around and
abandoning the ground. It was senseless. It was the only way that
we could engage the mostly hidden foe though. The VC were great
stealth fighters and they preferred the night. But contacts were
fairly rare at my post. And when there was contact it was we that
had the element of surprise. We hid and waited. They came to us.

Sitting or squatting in the jungle at night is terrifying. It's
either pouring down rain and otherwise quite or it's hot and
humid and every fucking thing alive is moving. All sorts of animals,
rats as big as dogs and everything else came out. Snakes would crawl
right up your back or up your leg. The spiders, the biting
insects, hell, there were no friendlies except the other two men
on the far sides of the post who were out on patrol with you that
night. The adrenaline rush of hearing all of the noises of the
jungle at night is distinct. I have it now, even though it is I who
approaches. Fight or flight, the hunter and the prey, but you're
never really sure which role you will play on any given night.

The three of us on my team did not use radios. That was a dead
giveaway. Is the noise an animal? Is it VC? Is it one of
the guys on the team? The temptation here was to open up on it
and not take chances. We lost a lot of good men like that. Why
they were walking was never clear. They got spooked most likely
and took their chances trapsing through the dark boobie trapped
jungle. Some found barrages of Americam M-60's.

I can only imagine what a spooked ranger moving through the noisy
brush felt like. It takes a hell of a lot to spook a guy like
that. Perhaps this is more the feeling that I have right now.

It is 4:20. Against my own judgement I open the bottle of
clorophorm and wet the face mask. The smell fills the air. I move
more quickly, closing on the bed. I hold the mask on his face and
lay on him. It takes a moment for him to awaken and resist; it is
too late. He never stood a chance.

Taking out my penlight I begin packing. He has three suit cases
and a bathroom bag. I load all three, leaving what I would choose
to leave if I fled in the night. I take the bags to the porch and
decide to carry them out first, so that I can make certain that
I'm alone. I make two trips, loading my back seat. Then I return
and load up the passenger into the trunk. Quickly I head back for
a last look around. I lower all of the window shades, so that the
cops cannot look into the windows. This will give me a couple of
extra days while they determine him missing and get a warrant. I
remove the bottom drawer of his bedside stand and place fifty hits
of the designer drugon the floor, before putting one hit inside
the drawer and closing it. If they find the single they will find
the remainder and draw their own conclusions. I left other drawers
and cabinets ajar, so that it appeared he left in a rush. I made
certain that all doors and windows were locked securely before
putting my shoes on and crossing the yard.

The got-damned dogs were now only fifty yards away. There were six
of them and they all cut loose barking at me. I ran to the car; like
a spooked ranger. What a cluster fuck of an op. I knew that never
again would I act with such haste. This is the one and only. In
contrast plain dumb luck can kill the best laid plan and evidently
if the dumb luck happens by the luck of the draw to be good, even
a badly laid plan can and will succeed.

The distant horizon began to glow as I scampered back home like a
vampire running late. I still have twenty six miles before I find
harbor. The upside is that they pretty much stop random stops
about now. The drunks are already passed by this time of the
morning. All I had to do was to maintain my speed within the
limits and ride it out.

My heart froze as I spied a state trooper car far ahead. The car
is so distinctive that there no doubt. There is one other vehicle
in sight. It's just the three of us. The limit was 50 mph. I did
50 exactly. Not too fast and not too slow. He is sitting between
the lanes of the divided highway, watching both directions. His
car points to the side I'm on, of course. My window is down. I
muster a lazy wave to him as I pass. He does not return it. He
simply stares me down. I travel several hundred yards before he
pulls out. Fucking shit! Did someone call me in? Fuck! Adrenaline
rushes through my system, which makes it difficult to hold the
wheel steady. Fuck! Fuck! Now I probably look like a late drunk
going down the road. He closes the distance to fifty yards quickly
in my lane. I'm just waiting for the lights. What a sick feeling.

Ahead is a convenience store. It's out in the middle of nowhere; a
mom and pop country store. I debate stopping, which is the natural
thing for anyone to do with a cop following them when they do not
want to be stopped or to continue. I could stop for a cup of
coffee, but this place might not even sell coffee. He'd certainly
pull in right beside me and I'd be caught. I continued down my
lane. Each mile was painful. He was sitting on my shoulder,
maintaining the close pursuit. Appleton is coming up. Crap, I have
to do something. I'm losing it. There is a pancake house ahead
about a mile or so. Should I stop there? Fuck! FUCK! Fuck!

I decide to maintain my course and speed. As we approack I'm
kicking myself in the ass for choosing not to stop. Fuck! It's too
late now. I would have to make an erratic lane change and left
turn and this would certainly light up his car.

I would have kicked my ass if I had though. At the last rational
moment it was the trooper who made an eratic lane change and left
turn. He had been cat and mousing me like all of the cocksuckers
do. There were two local cop cars on the far side of the building.
He was heading in to meet them for breakfast I imagined. He was
just bored and toyed with me to amuse himself along the way, while
instinctively looking to force me to make a wrong move at the
same time. I wasn't biting though; fate again smiled at me.

I can just imagine myself having stopped and eating breakfast with
a shitload of people trained to recall things like that. Fuck!

The rest of the trip went smoothly, even though the sun was up now
and I was out of my natural element. I locked the gate and pulled
over the hill to the same spot I'd stopped only two weeks earlier
when I brought the girls home. The road was clear in both
directions. The morning was cheerful and sunny. I got back in and
headed home with a strange confidence. For it was a completely
unearned confidence. I justly did not deserve to feel secure. Deep
inside I was comfortable though.

Once the garage door closed I popped the trunk. I checked to make
certain that he was breathing all right. Everything seemed fine so
I picked him up by the legs, turning so that his wiry frame
hunched over my shoulder. I'd guess he weighs maybe 130 wearing only
his underwear like he is.

I trudged upstairs (why the hell hadn't I put the entrance on the
bottom floor), opened the panel and began opening doors downward
into the basement. I put the entrance upstairs because I am the
gate keeper of course. I keep the gate.

Once in I opened the door to his room. I had put Vicky and Christy
together in Christy's room before I left. They had no idea that
there would be another guest. I owe no explanation. The fourth
bedroom is still stocked to the ceiling with supplies I'd bought
to hold us.

Once I had him laid down I locked his collar on and attached it to
the chain on the head of the bedframe. My body was still shaking
as I briefly looked at him and closed the door. The night had been
a trying one, even though it apparently was a successful one.

I left, going to sit on the deck with a stiff drink. I had missed
most of our nightly fuck and training session in my absense. I had
only briefly looked in on them, checking their wounds before heading
out earlier. It was work time now. The time I normally have them
begin their shift of detailing the house. I'd have them unload the
spare bedroom and stack the supplies between the security doors in
the stairway. Yep, that's what I'll do.

Shortly afterward I drifted off in the chair. I had been both
emotionally and mentally sapped of energy I guess. Or it was the
flip side of the adrenaline rush, I dunno. I slept well into the
day.

It's 2:05 PM. Damn. I stood and stretched before I could really
debate the issue with myself. Flipping on the tube I saw that
everyone was awake, and er, waiting on me. That's ok, they will
wait on me. The girls would be tired. I already had them trained
to serve me nights and mornings and to sleep afternoons and
evenings. It was about their bedtime. I'll gave them a short
shift. We squared away the supplies and they did floors, laundry
and the kitchen and I sent them to bath and bed.

In the central area alone, I sat and contemplated opening the
door. Fuck, I'm not really gay. But I am aroused. What does that
mean? He's a cute little fucker. He will be for sure.

I decided on a low key, yet over powering entrance. He was pretty
frightened as the door opened. His face was white. I cuffed his
arms behind him and put on a head harness and ball gag, while
ignoring his babble. Unhooking his collar chain and I stood him
up and placed a leash to the harness. Taking him in tow I gave him
a chance to use the bathroom before heading to the exerciser.

Going out in broad daylight was risky, but the overall risk was
small. I wanted to get started on the right foot right away.

I clasped a lead onto his head harness and tightened the strap, so
that he stood straight under an arm of the exerciser. I slit both
sides of his underwear. They dropped to the ground. He struggled
vainly for a bit. He really couldn't do much. He was stretched
taught. I do not know why, but by the time he quit struggling his
dick was hard. It wasn't quite rock hard, but it was on up there.
And the little prick has a bigger prick than mine. Oh well, we're
not here to have a pissing contest.

I took the whip and popped it a few times. I followed him around a
few times before instructing him on his gait. He was terrified. I
explained the situation to him calmly. He would have it here far
better than in prison and the system probably would have found him
guilty on circumstantial evidence alone. That's what is so wrong
with our system. It perfectly executes or perfectly hardens the
victim who was sentenced via a highly flawed sysyem. Don't get me
started on that..

His cock was hard and it bounced all around as he stepped. The
attraction made me dizzy. It simply should not be.

I left him hoofing it as I got a drink. I returned and gave
direction from the sideline and enjoyed my drink. His gait
improved dramatically. Stunned, I watched in disbelief that he
performed so well and so quickly. I have a Tennessee Walker here!
I got another drink, and then another totally impressed with his
efforts. I brought the bottle out and took him to the shed to be
hitched. He seemed to understand right away as I attached the
bridle to the sides of his head harness. I looked down at his dick
before I left. The embarasment of the hard on distressed him
somewhat.

Taking the reins I went back and got into the drivers seat.

"Get your knees up. Make it pretty for me boy and I'll make this
 easy for you.. "

POP!

He came out of the gate with style. Although he was wiry he
possesed much more strength than the girls. He pulled better than
a team of two girls.

Riding in a coach is devine. If there is a downside it is that you
cannot view the scene from the ground. The ground view is
impressive. I can see the back girls ass. And when stopped I can
see the wetness dripping down her asshole. Tonight I see the ass
of a young frat asshole and his balls dangling between steps.
Every now and then his dick swung down low enough to be seen from
behind. His gait was more brisk. The humid air cooled my body as I
moved through it. I finished my drink and lit a joint before
pouring another. We went hours. His form was perfect and I relaxed
for the first time today. The breeze made me lazy and content. The
booze solidified my resolve. I was shitfaced.

I reined him into the shed. He had hardly dribbled from the gag
and was only slightly winded. This guy must be a distance runner
or something. He would require hobbling for sure when outside. The
fucker could run me into the ground. And we cannot have that.

I hooked him to the exerciser after we finished, so that he could
cool down. His steps were still high and crisp. I watched for
another ten minutes as he cooled down, before leashing him and
leading him back downstairs, past the supply laden hallway and
into the bathroom. I added soap and filled an enema bottle as I
explained the routine to him, start to finish. His reaction
perplexed me. He had an " I'll take it as a man look."

continued...

comments?

paddymellon8@my-deja.com




An erotic fantasy: Night Prowler


Chapter 4b: Of Risk And Of Desire


I bent him over the sink and inserted the lubricated head. I
pumped it up and released the flow. He squirmed. The liquid most
likely was a little warm. The bottle drained quickly. I uncoupled
the enema hose, leaving the butt plug in and closed.

He high stepped for fifteen minutes, which mixed everything up good
before I had him stop. He was a clearly defeated prey by this time.
All dignity had been long lost. This is the most effective way to
strip dignity away completely. I can think of nothing so personally
invasive and so humiliating that the will to resist is lost
completely. This is good. This reduces corporal punishment
greatly and makes for a smooth transition, rather than the
physically abusive transition that most likely would occur
otherwise. While less than healthy, all things considered, I
thoroughly enjoyed my sessions with the girls. Each particle of
humility they lost I absorbed to the power of ten. It was a
transference; pure and simple.

He stepped to please and I found myself receiving again. I was not
certain that I wanted this transference. The fact that I was
receiving the same satisfaction now as I had with the girls
disturbed me. I tried to reassure myself that the bulge in my
crotch was due to the domination and not the sexual attraction as
I led him to the toilet.

I released the balloons and removed the plug. He struggled to
regain what small amount of composure that he could muster. I sat
him down and again he had to fight fiercly the urge to drain
himself. I watched him for several minutes, before I slowly took
off my shirt and jeans. His face was distorted as you'd imagine
considering the circumstances. It became tempered with fear as he
watched me undress. His eyes fixated on my hardened cock, as the
realization of what was to occur sunk in. I'd left this detail out
when I'd explained the procedure to him earlier. He lost the final
threads of humility he'd managed to cling to at this point. I
suppose it's not too different than the feeling a young guy would
feel as he was about to be raped in prison.

"This is to confirm our top/bottom relationship." I thought to
myself. Hell, I can get blow jobs from the girls literally around
the clock. This is to show him that he is the lowest rung of a
very tall ladder. My assurances rang hollow for some reason.

Approaching, I put my hand on the side of his cheek. I'd expected
him to turn his head and generally resist. He was still, however,
with the distressed look on his face. I was calm and patient, as
an older woman might break in a young virgin I imagined. I talked
slowly and soothingly telling him that this was a part of the
training and that he must serve me before he is allowed to
relieve himself. His eyes never left my cock, which was now about
six inches in front of his face. His mouth was slightly ajar from
the cramping I'd imagine. I pulled him forward and touched the
head to his lips. He made no effort to open further. I massaged it
a moment until precum began to flow.

"Stick out your tongue," I said.

He didn't want to, but he had come to accept impossible conditions
almost since he arrived. He offered it. I touched it, milking some
precum out onto it.

"There, that's not so bad now is it?"

He offered no reply.

"Have you ever done this before?"

He shook his head.

"Me either. I think we're doing pretty good so far."

That seemed to inspire him somewhat. I'm not sure if it was the
knowledge that he was not being forced to give head to a flaming
faggot or what. I eased in a bit and he took the head in. I
instructed him to keep his teeth off, using lips and tongue.
I looked to the mirror beside him to see a profile view as he took
it all.

continued...

comments?

paddymellon8@my-deja.com



Sent via Deja.com
http://www.deja.com/

Date: Thu, 14 Dec 2000 16:03:46 GMT
Message-ID: 
NNTP-Posting-Host: 207.107.115.215
Organization: Deja.com
Path: goliath.newsfeeds.com!newsfeeds.com!g1!anonymous!127.0.0.1!g1!feed2.newsfeeds.com!newsfeeds.com!feed2.onemain.com!feed1.onemain.com!newsfeed.wirehub.nl!newspeer.monmouth.com!nntp2.deja.com!nnrp1.deja.com!not-for-mail




An erotic fantasy: Night Prowler

  Chapter 5a: The Sands Of Time

I never seem to find the time to update my journal. I've been so
busy these last two months. I'll try to catch up here and hit on
the higher points at least.

I chose to keep young Dennis isolated. The girls I worked with
mostly as a group. I had private sessions with all three in my
search of a pearl.

The wounds from the branding healed up and they are now all off of
the disabled list. I stuck Dennis on his second night. Sometimes I
just have them all stand, fingers locked behind their heads, so
that I can admire my mark on each buttock. While it was painful,
as anyone who has ever been burned knows, it was a pillar of the
training program. The physical marking of property, both the
process of and the enjoyment derived from having them stand so
that I can view my marks have an effect of helping to prop up the
idea of surrender each one harbors within their own mind.

Christy and Vicky both have accepted the fact that they are now
simply objects of my amusement. Both have thrown out the morality
that they came with and neither has a qualm of doing what I ask of
them. Dennis also has done well. Pat is dragging up in last place.

I have kept up on the local news. Dennis had been named a suspect
and then a fugitive in the case of the dissappearence of the three
girls. The lab tests were still out, but were expected within a
couple of weeks.

There was only one surprise. My jaw dropped as I read the paper
and walked back up the long driveway.

Once home I went downstairs and brought Pat out. Enemas were just
occasional at this point, but today was the day. I had her fill
the bottle and insert it herself. She hung the bottle and stood
before me naked as it drained. I read the paper, looking up at her
every so often. This is always a pretty degrading experience. Her
belly began to bulge and her nude body quivered.

"Hands on top of your head slut," I offered passingly.

She complied, standing more at attention with both palms on the
top of her head. Laying the apper in my lap I gazed at her with my
full attention for several moments. She became suddenly uneasy,
imtimidated and embarrased. She knew something was up. My gaze was
unyielding and silent. She dared not speak without being asked a
direct question.

I had her unhook the hose and walk around for thirty minutes;
about double the norm. I took my sweet time undressing. I teased
her, not allowing her mouth reach my cock even as she doubled over
on the toilet. Her ass released squirts prematurely.

"Beg," I said shortly.

She looked distressed and impatient. We have already laid down the
foundation for begging. It is only done when demanded. I am
referred to simply as "Sir."

"Please. Sir. Let me suck your cock."

"You'd like that I suppose. You'd like to serve me so that you
might relieve yourself. The problem here is that your desire to
serve me should be your primary concern. You have it backwards.
You have done only the minimum required since you arrived. So you
have resinged your position here as a low one. This is your last
day of evaluation. This afternoon your position solidifies. Do you
understand?"

"I understand Sir," was her hesitant reply.

I moved closer and she began to hook the top with her upper lip so
that she could pull it down and get it in her mouth. Once she got
it she she worked it with her lips and tongue with newfound
effort. For the first time she glowed as an obedient slave. I
withdrew before I came and stepped away.

"I know why you have been so reserved."

She looked at me, both pleadingly and confounded. I laid the front
section of the newspaper on the floor at her feet. She saw her own
picture on the front page. She again had to lean forward to read
the print. Her ass spurted and I swatted her tits with the leash.
She managed to pucker back up.

"A cop? A fucking cop. How the hell did this happen?"

She looked defiant for a partial second, her resolve was near zero
though. There was a moment of silence.

"I'm a police officer."

Swat! I nailed her across the tits again with the leash and
prepared for another blow. She squinched her spinctor muscles
closed before continuing.

"I'm, I'm a police officer, Sir."

She paused to see if she had amended the right mistake.

"What do you want to know, Sir?"

"Everything. There are not many eighteen year old cops. What the
fuck were you doing?"

"I'm twenty three, Sir."

Again she paused. She was torn by some fucked up idea of duty.

"You seem to be waiting on the cavalry to rescue you. They will
not be coming, read the paper for yourself. Dennis is who they are
looking for and he will not be found."

I could see the raw data bouncing about in her mind. Her urge to
proceed was great.

"I was sent in to do an undercover investigation, Sir."

"On what?"

"On. On the student drug network."

"They sent you in to WHORE in order to undermine human trust and
to ruin a bunch of kids lives because they are a bit wild?"

"Yes Sir."

"Well whore you shall. Got-dammit. I was burned by a narc before
I retired. He was planted by corporate security for two and a
half years in a deep undercover sting. Hell, even the most
cautious of us dropped our gaurds after the first year. He got
everyone in the whole damn place that smoked dope. And I cannot
think of a single thing that pisses me off more than a carefully
orchestrated dehumanizing thing like this. I saw the fucker smoke
crack to gain our confidence so that he could turn me and my
friends in for smoking dope."

I was lecturing at this point. Pat listened. She looked more
stunned at this point than anything else.

"Cops are fucking criminals who took the right hand branch of the
road. They simply elected to seek, rather than hide. The dirtiest
things I've ever heard of were committed by cops."

"You are misled by the comraderie of the department. Do you see
what I'm talking about?"

"Yes Sir."

I don't know why she agreed. Her youth provided no experience to
realize the truth.

I pulled her up and into the shower. I'd never done this with her
yet. And from her reaction she hadn't heard from Christy about it.
I cuffed each wrist to the shower head.

"You like to cuff people, eh? I do too."

I pulled her hips back roughly. She spurted again. I followed the
contraction with the abrupt entry of my cock. I grabbed her
exposed tits and squeezed them as I penetrated her ass.

"I abducted and branded a cop? And now I'm fucking the shit out of
her?" I thought to myself as I began to press on her belly. "How
cool!"

I whispered into her ear the entire ordeal, saving my load for the
finale. I could see her body physically droop as she accepted
that there was no rescue in progress.

"This is it for you babe. You are mine and there is no one that
going to change that fact. Your actions determine my actions. I
had a very real feeling that you are a natural sub back when I sat
behind you in accounting class. I had the impression that you
would submit your will to mine and that you would be the one. I
thought that you would be my right hand here and now."

She turned her head and looked back the best she could. I stopped
pressing on her bloated belly and began to flick off her clit. It
stiffened and stood out. Her nipples were fully erect.

"See. I cannot believe that I was that wrong about you. I know
you. I can see your soul. Give it up! Forget your old life and
apply yourself to your new life. I know that you are a hot and
kinky girl."

Her hips pivoted slowly.

"That's it. Forget the dumb shit and let's get on with it."

She began to fuck herself. Looking around I could see the her eyes
were closed, yet there was a kinky whore look on her face. She
fucked me into submission. I held my position until her involuntary
spasms expelled my shriveled member. I rinsed her body off with the
shower head and uncuffed her. She left as I pointed to the toilet.
Sitting, she struggling to regain control of her agape asshole.

"That's better."

"I am here to serve you Sir."

For the first time, I was certain that she had broken. I think
that I hit the nail in that she had been expecting the cavalry to
rescue her. I think that I'm equally right in knowing that she is
a highly kinky girl who has simply put on a conservative act.

I showered and dried off. My cock was hard simply from her
surrender. I stuck it in and she began to blow me.

"I doubt that I can get off right now. You relieve yourself now
and I'll just enjoy your mouth."

She continued giving me head. It almost hurt me and there was no
way that I could cop another nut.

"Going beyond your orders? It's unnecessary. I want to go outside
now. Go ahead and go my little angel slut."

I cupped her cheeks, tilting her head back with my cock three
quarters buried. She opened up and relieved herself, while looking
me in the eye. I was certain then that the vibes I'd gotten from
her were true. The others surrendeded quickly and the easy thing
to do is to give he quickest and the best the first shot at the
number two position. That would be Christy. Vicky has done well
too. It is not the quickest sub, but the sub with the most
potential that I desire though. I'm glad that I drug my feet in
the selection process now.

I headed upstairs while Pat finished her bathroom chores. I
wheeled the cart out and prepared it. Then I iced down some beer
and loaded the chest onto the buggy, along with a towel. I looked
in on Christy and Vicky and then on Dennis before heading back down.

I was stunned as the last door opened and I got my first view. Pat
had gotten out one of the formal dresses and she was decked out in
black heels, hose, garters and dress. Her makeup was of a cheap
slut. I'd not seen her in this light yet and I was taken somewhat.

"It's going to be tough to pull the cart in that evening dress."

"Fuck that Sir."

There was another monent of uncomfortable silence.

"I know what you like. I know what you want. I'm going to be
giving that to you now."

Damn. I didn't know quite what to say.

"I'll prepare the sluts now, Sir."

"Ok." Well hell.

What the hell else could I possibly say? She had finally taken the
role that I willed her. My intention had been to degrade her; to
run her into the ground out there until I took my victory. Like
Japan in 1945 she embraced a concept that didn't even reside
within the language; to surrender.

She spun, looking very provacative as she took the key and opened
the cells. Both came out with a hushedly surprised look.

"Get Dennis too."

She opened his cell. I instructed him to sit in the bathroom and
had all of the girls follow. I instructed them all that he was the
low dog. Any of them has higher status than does he. Then I looked
to Vicky and Cindy as I instructed them that Pat was as of now my
agent. Any disservice I would deal with personally. They both
looked to Pat with a look of jeolously. Pat surprised us all with
a look of dominance.

I had them all help to apply makeup to him. I had Pat retreive a
wig I'd bought the previous day. Then she fetched a corset. All
three of them helped lace the corset tightly. This system of caste
seems to work perfectly. But this was more of a capitalistic type
system. Each has a distinct ability to surf over the waves of
differentation of each strata. The current standings would be hard
to get over though; mobility did exist in theory at least.

They finished off with stay up stockings and three inch black
heels. They looked like kids the first time someone let them loose
with finger paint. He looked pretty sharp.

Once outside Pat pulled the cart out and then retreived the second
cart. I'd just finished the construction luckily, having realized
that the need. We now have the stock to pull two carts.

I let Pat play her lead. She harnessed the girls without so much as
looking to me for my look of approval. Her attention was focused
solely on Christy and Vicky. She exuded dominance with every
motion as she ball gagged and harnessed the two. They both looked
somewhat perplexed at the new attitude their old roommate suddenly
displayed. She then took my riding crop out of the buggy.

CRACK! CRACK!

continued...

comments?

paddymellon8@my-deja.com




An erotic fantasy: Night Prowler

  Chapter 5b: The Sands Of Time


She gave each of the girls a hard lick on the ass.

"Stand at attention you fucking sluts!"

There was a large and instant whelp on each of the sluts ass. She
slapped the shit out of them. I get their attention but even I do
not really hurt them. It appears as if she has elected to act her
role in the most serious way.

"Mistress. That is what you will refer to me from now on. You do
not speak to me unless instructed to and then you had better
address me properly. We have come to an aggreement. You sluts lost
out and I will use you to satisify any whim I desire."

It was strange that she seemed to have completely forgotten that
she was my number two. Her attitude exuded the perception that she
was my equal. The thought of correcting her was immediate. The
realization that her crowning would be best if she usurped
complete dominance from the start immediately followed. Maybe she
herself realized this and it was the reason she was suddenly
brazen. I decided to reassert my sole dominance later and in
private, rather than undermine her efforts.

Christy and Vicky were shaken. Tears had formed in their eyes due
to the sharp lash. They quivered in liew of the possibility of
others that might follow. I admired the bright red streak across
each ass and pondered what the future held, as things were
finally materalizing as I'd hoped they would.

Also, I admired Pat. She looked very decadant. She looked
completely in control. She looked like she was as kinky as I'd
only imagined to this point.

Pat, assured that she had asserted her dominance on the girls,
turned to Dennis. He was fully erect from the site of the two
girls nude bodies and the submissive nature of their predicament.
Pat reached down and took him in tow by his stiff member. He
hadn't expected it and nearly fell down, before following her oh
so closely and awarkedly. He was hitched to the second buggy
before he knew what hit him, shaken that his old friend had
apparently turned on him.

She then turned and bowed. I received the subservience that I
desired from her and she had forced her dominance on each of
the others as she had desired. The basis for our
top/bottom/top/bottom relationship had been firmly cast.

I admired the teams for awhile. The flesh on each right buttock
shown my initials and each stood at full attention, wary of the
heavy crop Pat wielded.

I poured two glasses of red wine and handed one to Pat.

"You take the sluts and I'll take the young cock," I instructed.

It was apparent that Pat desired to seal her dominance over the
girls first. It was to be a rare daylight ride within the walls of
the compound. She mounted the carriage and immediately embarked,
reining the team about like a mad woman. She barked commands and
cracked her whip as if a drill seargent the first day recruits
arrived. Her sudden change both amazed and baffled me. I could see
the savage look of joy in her eyes each time we passed, as well as
the horrified look in the eyes of Cindy and Christy. They high
stepped in grand form due to fear. It was the fear that fueled the
joy I saw her eyes. Obviously she was cut out to be my right hand.

While they were building strength and stamina, it was only an hour
before the fast paced high stepping wore them out. Sensing that
she might well hurt them I called an end to the ride. I poured
another glass of wine as I waited for Pat to unhitch them and stow
the buggies away.

She had them inline and high stepping as they came out of the
shed. They were clearly exhausted with sweat drenched bodies. She
had them all kneel, to my delight, at my feet. This was very
reinforcing, both for the bottoms and for Pat as well. Our new
caste was clearly evident for all to see.

Sweat poured off all three still due to the humidity and
temperature. They all huffed in an attempt to catch their breath
while Pat kept them kneeling at attention with her newfound crop.

I admired the sight while pondering my decision. In all honesty I
preferred Christy, who was more beautiful with her long golden
hair and svelt, streamlined body. Her face was perfect. She was a
goddess of beauty. But she just did not have what was required to
do my dirty work. The bottom line was that she was just too nice
of a person to be an effective right hand.

She became fidgity. I hadn't realized I'd been staring at her
beautiful body kneeling before me. The sweat glistened on her pert
tits and her porcelin white body defied the fact we were outside
in the sunlight. Her arms were still cuffed at her sides by the
waist chains. She looked as if she had heard my very thoughts.

Pat swatted her ass, evidently due to the fidgitting. Christy
arched her back and stuck out her chest in compliance. Then Pat
walked around to the frontside and put a high heel out, commanding
her to lick it. Christy paused. It wasn't clear if she had yet to
realize her new position or if she was simply too exhausted. Pat
raised her chin with the crop.

"I said lick it you slut whore!"

Christy managed to lean over without losing her balance and began
to lick the black leather high heel. The look on Pat's face made
me feel as though she too had heard my thoughts. She moved right
in to quash any competition in a fairly bold move. It worked out
for her though as this is exactly what I enjoy. The awkward
and subservant position of Christy's body, her hanging tits and
her tongue cleaning the dust off of the shoe made my cock throb.

Pat turned to see me rubbing the boner and smiled deliciously
before coming to please me. She raised the full length gown and
came down on my cock with her hot, wet pussy. It was evident that
she was aroused sexually by the power she now controlled. My cock
slid in as if she were several sizes too large for me. She slid
the straps down and pulled her tits out. I grabbed them and
squeezed and within a minute she had milked me like a wildcat.

We looked each other deeply. There was nothing that needed to be
spoken. We both knew what was to be what from that moment on.

She dismounted me and turned to stand again before Christy. She
lifted the skirt again and it was clear what she expected. Christy
had to walk the two feet between them on her knees before she
licked our juices clean. I could see their eyes meet as Christy
kneed her way over. There was nothing that required vocalization
between them either from this point on. Pat took her head and
drove the tongue home.

I'd been working on an outdoor bathroom. It wasn't completely
finished, but it was functional. The stock tracked in dirt and
dripped sweat after our workouts and I'd decided that we needed
outdoor facilities. While they cleaned daily, I still prefer not
to bring the filth inside anyway.

I took Dennis and Vicky in tow to the exerciser, hitching each
head harness to an awaiting strap. I could see Pat leaning back
and driving Christy's tongue in as I filled and retrieved the
enema bottles. I hung a bottle on the exerciser and put a
pre-lubed insert to Vicky's asshole. She opened as I easily
inserted it. She had been doing really well anally; I was
impressed. It slid in and I pumped it up and released the flow. I
still love watching the expression an unleashed bottle brings as
the warm, soapy liquid flows. Priceless.

I hung another bottle for Christy on my way over to Dennis, who
awaited my arrival. I still was not at ease with him, perhaps I
should have been satisified with the girls. I have him now though,
so thats water under the bridge. I grabbed his erect pecker with
one hand and began to insert the hose with the other. His ass was
much tighter. Enemas are the only penetration he received on a
regular basis. I made a mental note to have the girls use a
strap-on to alleviate this as I unclasped the bottle. He trembled
and the look of total humiliation came to his face. His cock was
throbbing in my grasp. It was a strange sensation for me, but I
had made up my mind that I would overcome my own insecurities. I
began to squeeze it rythmically and his throbbing worked in unison
with my motions. Having worked my own cock for years I knew
exactly how it must have felt; I knew exactly what it needed. I
almost felt sorry for him. I'd messed him up really good.

I looked at Pat. She smiled knowingly as she made Christy continue
the tongue thrashing. I began to move my hand as I squeezed and he
came. I squeezed softly as I watched the last drops fall. The
feeling of the spent rod was enticing, yet I made myself release
it and motioned for Pat to bring Christy as I sat down for
another glass of wine.

Pat led her over like a dog and hitched her up. Then she took the
bottle and forced it up her ass. Another power move I suppose. She
took her crop and got the three high stepping again. They were
tired and cramping, but their efforts were grade A. I watched as
each sweaty body, suspended by head harness and with hands cuffed
to waist, came around the carousel high stepping. And I watched my
initials on each as they rounded and headed back. Pat was doing a
wonderful job in keeping them serious in their chores.

We finally unhitched them and allowed them to drain at the new
toilet. Then we watched as they showered, before taking them back
downstairs and securing them for the night.

I led Pat back upstairs afterward. I told her to bathe and to
dress in the outfit I would lay out for her. I selected the Nazi
uniform as she bathed. It's strange, but the savage and brutal
images the uniform conjures a very powerful mystique when worn by
a savage woman. I'd only seen movies until now, which was the
reason I'd bought the uniform.

It was a complete uniform from hat to arm band to pants flaired
out at the thighs to the black leather boots.

I waited in the bedroom as she finished her bath. She finally
rounded the corner. The sight was jaw dropping. She marched into
the room and stood at attention. The boot heels clacked eerily.
Evidently she too had seen movies, for she was doing a damn good
job at improvising in her new costume in a convincing manner. She
hesitated, before throwing her arm up in salute. I simply nodded.

While I _am not_ a Nazi, for all practical purposes I was the
fuhrer; my control was complete. What the hell? Why not act it out
to the max?

I had her stand before me. The boots might not have been a perfect
fit but the rest of the uniform was. She looked immaculately
decadent.

I took her over to the full length mirror so that she could view
herself. Her eyes were aglow as she came into the silvery glass.
Helga; SS shewolf. I'm not sure if she filled the uniform or if it
was the uniform which filled her. There was a definite new and
exciting atmosphere about her.

I instructed her to dress and bring the others up for the regular
house cleaning chores as I handed her her own personal crop. It
was time to introduce them to my new creation. The hall doors were
open, so I gave her the combinations of each cell and she set out.

I gave no specific directions. We'd been at this long enough that
she knew my desires and I allowed her free reign in deciding
herself. I laid on the bed watching the video display as she first
opened Christy's door. Christ's mouth was agape at the site and
Pat laid it on thick. She directed her outside and selected black
high heels, hosiery and garter straps for all three. Christy
dressed in the skimpy attire with a shell shocked look on her
face. She then released Vicky and Dennis, duplicating the steps.

She then ushered them all to the bathroom. She had them apply heavy
makeup and bright red lipstick as I liked and then chose a black
wig for Dennis along with the high heels, hose and garter belt he
was wearing. I could see even from the video that they all looked
delictable! Excellent.

None of the three questioned her. They all looked apprehensive,
yet the earlier performance had melted all question of what was to
be. I got the impression that each of them played with the thought
of jumping on her, as she was outnumbered. Whether it was the
uniform and the new attitude she sported or the fact they knew I
was watching they all remained obedient and subservent. I would
have to caution her about her vulnerability in such events.

Once dressed and properly made up she had them stand at attention,
wielding the crop with experience gained from being on the
receiving end for all these months. She took head harnesses with
ball gags and placed them over each head. Then she placed the
waist chains on and cuffed each wrist at the waistline it
belonged to. Then she placed a large leather collar around each
neck, chaining them together with a three foot chain, creating a
most erotic chain gang.

I could tell by the sluggish movements that they were all sore
from the earlier workout as they began to climb the stairs. I
departed and went to the kitchen for another glass of wine. I sat
at the bar as usual to supervise and enjoy the show.

They came downstairs with Christy leading. I could see a look of
hurt on her face. She had afterall done a very good job. Her
efforts deserved reward, yet none was really possible.

Pat lead them out into the center of the living room and removed
the chains that linked them. She had them turn and stand at
attention. She came to attention after the three, again clicking
her heels. I could see that this military thing had the three subs
shaken. Each exhibited a mental drain of top of the physically
exhausted appearance.

I nodded and Pat released their wrists and commanded them to grab
their ankles. She seemed to be replicating my own actions as I did
this daily, sometimes twice a day. It was a part of the process of
domination. Normally I gauged the severity of the cropping with
the grade that I placed on their performance since their last
cropping. Anytime they looked like they were becoming complacent,
or lax, or slow to respond they knew the next cropping would be
twice as hard and twice as long as a normal one. This of course
keeps then on their toes and inside the 98 percentile range in
their efforts.

Then again, I did it because I love to hear the ball gag muffled
cries and watch the bright red whelps rise as I landed each stroke
as well. They all had come far, none cried at this point. They all
stood with asses out, taking each lick with a muffled scream. I
take my time, slowly moving from one to the next pairing a lapse
of effort with a crop lick. I normally drag it out over 15 minutes
or so giving two licks or so per minute.

"Performance today was pretty fair. 10 stripes apiece should do
it."

Pat nodded and began. She took the initiative of pairing a lick
with an earlier deficiency that supposedly brought it to the
recipient. Sometimes you just have to make them up on a day where
they all did well. Pat did a good job of finding 30 lapses, or
pauses to drive home the point that only 100% was acceptable.

I watched in quiet delight as she went from one to the other,
bitching them out, degrading them and applying a hard lick to
each outstretched ass. They did well. Each had a hard grasp and
none let go of their ankles as the licks landed. The muffled cries
were very stimulating. The looks on their faces, both as the lick
landed and from the anxiety of the next and the whelps I watched
rise in the mirror had my cock at full staff.

I instructed Pat that I would have Vicky afterwards. She promptly
brought her over, forcing her to her knees before me. I motioned
and she removed the ball gag as I pulled my stiff member out.

"That will be all.."

Pat looked hesitant, before returning to Dennis and Christy to
begin chores. I slouched in my chair so that my balls hung over
the side. Vicky was still trembling  from the thrashing. Her
nipples were erect and without checking I knew full well her pussy
was wet and hot. She obediently put braced herself and leaned
down, taking my balls in her mouth and gently sucking on them. Her
eyes, one on either side of my rock hard cock looked at mine as
she slowly milked on my balls with her mouth.

I looked up to admire Dennis and Christy, who were working
feverishly under the crop. Dennis had his never ending hard on,
which Pat was admiring as he worked. He looked very sexy, I must
admit. His hairless and feminine body melded with the wig, makeup
and attire for a look of a transvestite. Christy looked very sexy
too. She had finally succeeded in finding the application of
makeup that suited me; that of a very cheap slut. Her red lips
begged a mouth fucking. The ball gag held her mouth in perfect
position for it.

I felt my load building. I love a nice slow, ball sucked cum. I
closed my eyes and leaned back to enjoy, looking up to see the
slow stream hit Vicky in the forehead and nose. She continued
milking until the last drop had fallen.

I had her turn sideways on all fours, so that I could rest my legs
across her back. She arched her back, with head up, at attention.
I placed my feet in the small of her back, watching the cum slowly
liquify and drip down her face as I chalked up another fine day.

continued...

comments?

paddymellon8@my-deja.com




An erotic fantasy: Night Prowler

  Chapter 6a: Initiation... Beast Of Burden

Aug. 6

Another month has already passed. I find it difficult to devote
time in keeping the journal up to date. The bulk of my energies
and efforts I've spent in perfecting the guests to my liking. This
has left me both drained and contented at the end of each day and
it has been all too easy to forgo the intended daily entries.

The subs are all totally subservent. They comply gladly with
whatever is demanded of them and usually are rewarded for their
efforts. There seems to be no task too low, or too humiliating for
them. They each have accepted their role and have learned to go
with the flow, so to speak, rather than tempt the wrath of Pat.

The metamorphosis which has taken place with Pat is both scary and
astounding. I'd never have guessed the shy brunette who sat in
front of me in accounting class, exuding a persona of a true
bottom could ever have transformed herself into the she-wolf that
she had become. Maybe it was an act that had thrown me, used to
lull the unsuspecting students into her confidence, I dunno. She
now was a woman possessed, taking great sexual satisifaction and
stimulation in the domination and total humiliation of her
servants. I had to keep a close eye on her so that she did not
keep any of them tied too long or beat them too hard and long. She
lusted at their pain, indignations and humiliation. She got so hot
in her role that she alone could wear me to tetters, and I'd been
working hard on my stamina via the numerous subjects.

I allow Pat to sleep upstairs now. I've attached a strong chain
to the bed, which I keep locked to her collar. Her arms are
normally cuffed behind her. I don't know. There is just something
about her that scares me. I'm afraid she might choke me in my
sleep or bash my head in if her arms are free when I go to sleep,
even though she would forever be chained to the bed. The key is
safely hidden in another room, but there is a troubling suspicion
in her metamorphsis.

I've also attached chains to the posters at the foot of the bed.
We choose one of the bottoms each night to be chained standing
spread eagle at the foot of the bed for our amusement. I enjoy
watching whoever it is licking my cum from Pat's pussy, or tongue
fucking her ass, whatever we feel like. It's usually whoever has
done the worst in the days activities, a final punishment of the
day in a way. They get no sleep, chained and ball gagged to watch
over us as we sleep; after we finish using them that is.

Sept 12

It's been yet another month since I brought the journal to date.
The first breath of fall has descended finally. The drudgery of
the summer heat is melting. This makes it possible to take
carriage rides of up to 4 hours now, giving ample breaks of
course. I've finished work on the trails through the woods behind
the walled compound. I installed low intensity lamps so that the
creek gravel trails are illuminated and we spend half of each
night running them. The stock have built impressive stamina
throughout the summer and can easily pull for 30 minute intervals.

There have been no attempts at escape. None at all. The bondage
and bindings are simply for erotic show now. Each has fully
accepted their role and Pat's heavy crop seems to have finalized
our caste. I still enjoy a tightly bound figure on occasion.

I'm planning something for Pat tonight. I'm finally convinced that
she has crossed over to a point of no return. The sheer savagery
she has dealt out to the others has convinced me that she can
never return to them as a friend or ally. I've watched intently
her facial expressions and how hot she gets as she dominates; I am
convinced that she is a full fledged sadist who enjoys her lace
here, to the extent that I am going to allow her more of a free
run of the place. I've taken into account that I was fooled before
as to the fact she was not a student, but a narc. What I have seen
since elevating her stature is no act however. She wears her
uniform with astounding pride. Her actions are as professional as
those a real Nazi officer might have displayed back in the war.
She shows complete and unquestioning subservience to me and my
whims, tempered only in the fact that she is somewhat too brutal.

------

After our carriage ride I had Pat put the stock away to bathe for
dinner. Afterwards they prepared dinner, steaks, salad and wine. I
had broken out the cute as hell french maid uniforms and they now
served us at dinner. The steak was to my liking, although I's
swear Pat was eating hers raw. Vicky stood to my right at
attention, Dennis, in his wig, makeup and uniform stood to my
left and Christy stood obediently straight beside Pat. They kep
the wine glasses filled and the dishes cleared as we ate. Pat was
smiling a devilish smile in anticipation of our after dinner fun.
I was careful to return the smile so as that my plans would be a
complete surprise. She had no clue, but the evening was to be far
different than any other.

I passed on the usual oral and anal adventures. I had Dennis make
a foot stool of himself. The short black skirt raised, revealing
his creamy white ass down to the tops of the black stockings. I'd
had the girls fashion a stuffed black bra for him. There's just
something about fucking something that does not have tits that
doesn't set well with me. The cleavage perfected his look and I
had no qualms in fucking his ass any longer. I even grabbed them
as I grabbed the tits of anything I fucked. The fact that they
were a thick silicon didn't slow me down a bit. With my cock
planted firmly in his ass they were perfect in lieu of the tits he
should have had. The girls ingeniously fashioned them in the shape
of real tits by sealing it in the corners of plastic bags. They
really outdid themselves here. They used silicone caulk to
"attach" them, allowing them to dry firmly in place before dressing
and presenting him. He now fully looked like a woman and had taken
to a womans mannerisms to boot.

I instructed Pat to kneel behind Dennis. This was pretty unusual.
Pat had not been put on her knees in front of her subs since I had
chosen her. I always dominated her in private to ensure her
stature was viewed highly among the others. She looked at me with
a confused look as she dropped to her knees, grabbing Dennis' hips
with her hands. There was a moment of uncomfortable silence among
the others present.

"Lick his ass. Tongue fuck him for me my darling."

She still looked confused. But as soon as her tongue touched his
asshole she began to tease, lick and fuck him with her normal
complete obedience. I motioned for Christy and Vicky to strip the
uniform and stand to each side. Oh my god, I love the sight of a
sub wearing only black high heels, stockings, garter straps and a
studded leather collar. They came to attention on arrival, palms
on top of head with legs spread. I reached out both ways and began
flicking clits. Our gazes turned to Pat, who was obviously
embarrassed, yet using her tongue like the pro she is. Dennis was
unable to maintain attention. His head dropped and he began to
drool through the ball gag. I know how tough it is when your ass
is violated with the intensity Pat mustered, so I let it slide and
we enjoyed the show as I continued to flick off Christy and Vicky.
They both creamed quickly and I inserted a finger in each and
began to slowly finger fuck them. I gyrated each wrist, rubbing
the inside of their pussies 360 degrees. This made their hips
slowly move around the 360 degrees with my motions. They too,
began to drool through their ball gags down onto their breasts.

"Strip, like the slut you are."

Pat's look went from confusion to distress. She oblidged me,
looking scornfully at the others. She took her time, carefully
laying the uniform out on the couch.

"Cuff her. And pull her up," I instructed. Christy and Vicky
looked shell shocked. I nodded my approval and they eased off my
fingers and cuffed Pat's wrists in front of her. Christy attached
the rope and they heaved her up. There is an eyebolt in the
ceiling out in front of my chair where we normally pull up one of
the subs for our amusement. As usual, they pulled her until she
was stretched out completely.

"Put your harness and gag on her," I directed to Christina.

She unfastened the harness and removed the ball gag from her sexy
red lips and stood behind Pat as she cinched the harness and put
the gag into the questioning mouth that never uttered a sound. Her
spit filled gag drained into Pat's mouth. Her look was of anxiety.
She had done nothing wrong. She had never been publicly punished.
Yet without explanation she was strung up before us all.

"Put on that uniform. You, remove your harness."

Christy paused before going over to the uniform she had learned to
fear. She looked at it, before starting to dress. Vicky removed
her harness and gag and stood at attention. Christy finished
putting on the uniform.

"Bring the crop."

She picked up the crop before returning to my side, standing at
attention. She was not nearly as confident as Pat, but the
possibilities intrigued me.

"You have all done well. My compliments in your individual
efforts. I'm very satisified and will expect no less in the
future. I have noticed that Pat needs a refresher course though.
She needs to know what it's like to be bound too long or to be
beaten too long. For the next two weeks she is the bottom of the
totem pole. You each rank number twoo for the duration. You can do
anything you please. The plan here is that you show her
extensively what it feels like to be savaged, as she has done to
each of you. At the end of the two weeks we will revert and I will
personally see to it that she does not punish you for anything
that happens during her retraining period. On this you have my
word. Enjoy ladies."

Everyone was silent and still as if time had stopped.

"Christy. I have seen her punish you until it hurt me. I want you
to take that crop and give her 30. I want you to tell her where
she went wrong, where she abused her position, with each lash."

She was dumbfounded. Yet within an instant her eyes twinkled at
the possibility of returning a small amount of the abuse she had
been rendered.

The amount of time had molded her into a sub. She shook as she
cautiously approached. I stopped her and took her out to the
patio, closing the sliding glass behind us.

"Christy. I've bit my tongue watching the abuse Pat has given you.
I want a strong second in command. But I do not want her abusing
anyone. There is a slim chance that you might ultimately be my
number two. I'll make my decision in two weeks. Until then you
have free rein in displaying your abilities. You will NOT be
punished! I cannot tell you how your beauty inspires me. You are
simply the most beautiful woman I've ever seen. You are nice too,
which is good, except in this situation. You will sleep with me
and Pat will ride the foot of the bed. I want to see you dominate
her... and Vicky and Dennis."

She looked dazed. I dropped trousers. She knelt and began to
service me. I had mandated the deep throating and the licking of
the balls to all; I could sense the thought process running
through Chisty's head as she brought me to climax.

I had her stand at attention, whipping her with her own crop. I
had her salute me. I had her feel the uniform she was wearing. I
sucked her soul into it.

I had her goose step, directing her efforts. I saw the look in her
eye within 20 minutes.

We made our way back. Dennis was still on all fours and Vicky was
still standing beside my chair. Pat was looking really concerned.

Christy stepped loudly out before Pat. She raised her chin with
the crop, as hers had been raised so many times before. She
playfully raised each tit, before striking it, driving Pat into
limpness. Pat quickly filled the gag again and began to drool for
the first time in several months. The crop was lightly drawn
undrearm in tickling fashion as Christy made her way around
behind. She took due time, leaving Pat's hapless body flinching.

Then she struck finally, with gusto. She gave her premise
afterward, rather than before. A bright red whelp appeared across
her buttocks immediately. She kicked with futility into the air
before her, suspended tightly by her wrists. My cock sprang back
to life. I could finally see the look in Christy's eyes. She was
enjoying her reign. Even Vicky's pussy and eyes lit up at the
thrashing of Pat. I couldn't see Dennis, but I knew he had a rock
hard on.

I told Dennis and Vicky to exchange places.

"In the ass."

Dennis grabbed her hips and began to assfuck Vicky with his
tongue. Now I could see his hard on standing beneath the black
skirt. I felt her body tremble beneath my feet as the tongue
violated her. I held out the KY and he rose to his knees and began
to lube himself.

While rather difficult to reconcile, I find Dennis more sexually
attractive than Vicky now. The long, curly black wig, the slutty
makeup, the artificial breasts resting in black bra, the french
maid skirt and black stockings and heels covering the form
kneeling before made my cock lust again. He leaned back, allowing
a perfect view as he lubed his cock. I took the KY and began to
lube myself as I watched him hold her cheeks ajar before sliding
inside her. Immediately I stood and moved to mount him. He awaited
me, midstride within his own insertion. He help his cheeks apart
and I eased in slowly, but all of the way. I set a nice and slow
rhythm as all of our attentions were focused upon the rising red
whelps and the temporary demise of the ice queen.

Christy was discovering confidence. The many cruel acts that ahd
been perpetrated upon her were coming back home to roost. She
clacked her heels with each pop, as Pat had always done before.
She stood in decadant fashion as Pat once had. For the first time
I could envision Christy as my right hand. My cock pulsed as I
watched her. Dennis milked at my cock with his muscles and I
averted climax only by withdrawing. I positioned myself in Vicky's
face and stuck my cock into her awaiting mouth. I pushed in to the
hilt and held it, watching Dennis as he pulled in and out of her
ass. I could avoid climax like this, while remaining very alert.
Vicky was almost gagging on my cock, yet she managed to stick her
tongue out to tease my balls.

Christy came around to Pat's side, taking my belt with her.
Pat had used the same belt to whip her tits many times. This time
she felt the sting as Christy folded the belt in half and began
whipping. Pat's breasts and upper chest turned red quickly and she
struggled to get away. She knew full well the futility of struggle
as she had done this to each of the three subs and there was no
escape. It appears she has forgotten just how bad the sting is on
the receiving end of it. This will be a great exercise in humility
and in reaffirming the bounds of pain.

I pulled my cock out and allowed Vicky to watch. Her eyes lit up
as she saw Pat getting some of what she had been so quick to dish
out.

Christy was getting bolder, ordering Pat to stand straight and
offer her tits. Pat found it very difficult to hold her chest out
only to be lashed again, especially since that was exactly what
she herself had done to the subs.

All of this was fine and I was very excited, but it was not what I
had in mind. I had Christy release Pat, who looked hurt by my
surprise. It's a tough world...

Then I had them face each other in the center of the floor.

"Ok, I want you two to wrestle."

They both looked shocked. I knew full well Christy could take her,
as she is 6" taller and much tougher from pulling the carriages.
The sight of her physically taking her, hmmm, nice.

Dennis had cummed and I had him and Vicky cleanup and sit at my
sides to enjoy the show. I had both Pat and Christy strip, sort of
like the uniform was up for grabs for the winner, but more to the
point; I wanted to see naked bodies in this cat fight.

There was certainly no love lost as they faced off after
stripping. They both seethed hatred and sheer contempt of each
other.

"No biting or clawing ladies. You will be disqualified and
severely reprimanded by me personally if you do either of these.
This is a wrestling match. The victor will pin the loser for 10
seconds."

"Go!"

Neither was prepared for the quick start and both backed up. Then
they started walking, like wrestlers do, in an attempt to find an
advantage of attack.

My cock throbbed as I watched the tits swaying. Dennis had came
back to life himself at the sight. I decided at that strange
moment that he was now to be called Denise. Even thinking to
myself, a masculine name was out of place. I briefly wondered why
I hadn't thought to change it before.

I returned my attention to the action before me. There was still
no contact, both jockeyed for position. My throbbing was intense.
I motioned for Vicky to get up in my lap. She still had a film of
lube and easily slid over my cock. I watched over her shoulder,
feeling her anal muscles squeezing my cock. I held her still. I
didn't want her to fuck me; I only wanted her to squeeze me. I
began to flick her clit with my right hand and I could feel how
hot she was from watching the show.

Finally they both lunged at each other. Both grabbed hair, since
there was little else the feminine hands could grasp. Neither had
ever wrestled or scrapped before from the look of it. They were
driven by their severe dislike of the other and from the power
struggle. They remained standing pulling hair, unsure of what to
do next.

The carpetting would pad their fall, if they ever did fall that
is. They were cursing each other, still going around in a circle
pulling hair. The harder they pulled the louder the cursing. I
watched my initials as each hip came around. They looked far more
erotic on the flexed cheeks. Vicky was contracting her ass faster
as she was close to climax, so I hastened the flicking to get her
off and start over. It looked like we were going to be there
awhile, so I'd give her rare multiple orgasm since she was so
excited at the show.

She had her second orgasm before the contenders ever hit the floor
and her motor was hot. I gave her a brief break before starting on
the third.

It was Christy who finally figured out that as much as hair
pulling hurt, she would have to let go and grab Pat by the legs to
topple her. She fell on top, but Pat was pulling her away by the
hair and Christy again grabbed two hand fulls to counter. At that
point they were rolling, each with contorted facial expression as
they pulled and twisted. I began to worry that they would pull too
hard and mess up their hair. Both had beautiful hair that had
grown long during their stay. However Vicky had me on the edge of
getting a nut, so I remained silent as she milked my cock dry.

continued...

comments?

paddymellon8@my-deja.com




An erotic fantasy: Night Prowler

  Chapter 6b: Initiation... Beast Of Burden


The brawl wasn't going anywhere, so after relaxing for a bit I
pulled Vicky's sweet ass off of me and stood to break it up.

Neither wanted to let go. They seemed to be in some sort of a
death grip. I had to use the crop forcefully in order to separate
them.

They stood, red, trembling from the adrenaline, pissed off as
hell. The only thing I could think of was to have them put their
hair in pony tails and to make hair off limits. Vicky did
Christy's and Denise did Pat's. Both were too shaken to do it
themselves. Both had full attention directed at the other. I
instructed them on the no-hair rule and backed away. Both were red
from the tussle, but Pat's tits, chest and ass were also red from
the strapping. Both had hair pulled out in all directions.

They needed a moment, so I had them both grab ankles and I gave
each 10 licks from the crop for not breaking when I had told them
to break. Obviously I needed to officiate, so I warned them and
made the last lick hard. "When I say break... you break!"

Both let out a loud scream as I landed the last lick. I had them
continue to grasp ankles as they caught their breath. They both
still had a severe adrenaline overload. I allowed them to stand a
moment as I laidout more ground rules.

"No hair, don't do it! I know it's instinctive but it's off
limits. No biting. No scratching or clawing. Use your hands on the
BODY."

I put mine on Christy to show them.

"Grab a leg, grab an arm, grab the torso. That's it as far as
legal targets go."

"Go!"

Again, neither was ready. Both had expected more instruction I
guess. They startled and began jockeying again. This time they
looked like wrestlers. They had a lower stance now that they were
directed away from the hair. I watched Christy's cheek as it
flexed my initials again. She lunged at Pat, hitting her chest
with her shoulder, grabbing her legs and knocking her off balance.
They hit the floor pretty hard, harder than I'd though, but I
doubted they would get up again. Pat locked her legs around
Christy's body and they began to slowly roll. Neither could pin
the other in that position. Christy let go of the legs and raised
herself, but Pat held her in a leg lock. Christy came down on
Pat's shoulders, almost pinning them, but Pat had sufficient lower
body strength to turn Christy to the side and prevent the pin. She
squeezed with all of her might and Christy raised and let out a
loud moan as she tried to free herself with her arms. The legs
were locked though and Pat couldn't do anything else but to try to
squeeze the air from her lungs.

Christy saw that she had to do something, so she came back down
with her hands to pin Pat. She held her for a 3 count before Pat
was able to roll her to the side again. This time Pat released the
leg lock and pushed her off. She had taken a lot of Christy's fire
away with the squeeze, but she was too vulnerable to a pin in that
position. Christy turned and began to crawl away to get her
breath, but Pat quickly got off her back and jumped on Christy's
back. Again she squeezed. Her arm strength was not nearly as
powerful as her leg strength though and Christy was able to break
the grip with her hands.

Neither was sure what to do next; both had learned only their own
vulnerabilities. They were weak and short of breath.

"Ok, break! Round 1 is over. Go get them some water Vicky."

I set two chairs up and sat them down facing each other about 5
feet apart.

"Very nice ladies, very nice."

I'm not sure if they even heard me. They stared at each other.
Neither flinched. They were pissed!

Vicky brought two glasses and gave one to each of them. I noticed
that both were sweating heavily, which aside from pulling the
carts in the summer heat, I rarely saw them do. That would make it
all the more interesting, two slick bodies wrestling it out.

I only gave them three minutes. I wanted them to tie it up again
before the sweat dried. I had Vicky and Denise grab the chairs
while I brought the contestants face to face again. I think we
were all pulling for Christy to win, but she looked weak. Her
chest was red from the leg lock. It would upset my real plans if
she lost, this was just the appetizer. I am true to my word
though, so I'll just have to make other plans another time if
things don't work out here. I couldn't help but to notice my own
harmonal flows. And judging by the looks of Vicky and Denise they
too were strangely turned on from watching the cat fight. Vicky
was outwardly gushy and Denise was more reserved. It was the
spasms in his cock that gave him away. Perhaps we should make this
a regular event...

"Go!"

This time it was Pat that lunged; she was ready this time. Christy
was taken off guard, but her upper body strength was able to repel
the assault, pushing her to the side. Pivoting she was waiting as
Pat turned back around. She jumped, throwing an arm over Pat's
head and clasped a firm head lock. Pat grabbed Christy's waist,
but it was too slippery to really do anything with. Christy
squeezed as she walked Pat in small circles. Vicky suddenly began
to cheer for Christy and Denise followed. I ignored their
outburst, since I wanted to do it myself. I remained silent though
as the neutral official should.

Pat was getting weaker now. I could also see that the intense
workout had sapped Christy too.

Pat made her move, grabbing one of Christy's legs and pushing
her over. Again, they hit the carpet hard, but Christy retained
the headlock, rolling Pat off of her and herself on top. She
released Pat, who again had grasped Christy's waist and went for
the pin. Pat immediately tried another leg lock, but Christy moved
away and somehow avoided the lock. They both came up on their
knees and grabbed each other. From the kneeling position they were
too slippery and weak to really do anything other than bear hug
each other.

We all watched intently as the red, sweaty tits pressed against
each other. Both squeezed with all the might that could be
mustered. Faces contorted in what appeared a fight for life
itself.

Finally Christy mustered the strength to push them over onto Pat's
back. Before the legs could act Christy got her own up, driving
Pat's shoulders down. I'm sure Pat could have wiggled out, but she
stayed down for the count, physically, mentally and emotionally
exhausted.

"Bring the bamboo and rope," I directed to Denise.

That is another humiliation we use. Ironically it was Pat herself
who had perfected it.

Denise returned with the equipment. I directed him and Vicky to
apply it while I congratulated Christy. She was limp from
exhaustion, but there was a fire burning inside. Pat had selected
her to be the bottom far more than was deserved. She hugged me,
using me as a crutch as we watched Denise and Vicky stand Pat on
her knees. The bamboo is a 5 foot section about 2" in diameter.
It's placed behind the shoulders of the "victim," whose arms are
stretched out and lashed to it with cord. It's very awkward and
uncomfortable from what I've gathered. The victim is then set on
knees and cord is used to bind calf to thigh, so that the legs
cannot be extended. The rules, Pat's own, were that anyone could
do anything they wanted to the hapless victim. Pat's favorite was
to stick a funnel in their mouth, forcing them to hold it up so
that everyone could piss in it. The subs didn't like to do it to
each other, but Pat had always insisted. The victim was whipped,
verbally abused and generally used as entertainment as the knees
cramped and the neck tired from holding the funnel upright. On
every occasion I myself had to intervene to release the victim.
Pat had always taken sadistic pleasure in watching them attempt to
squirm.

The others looked like young kids putting up a christmas tree as
they finished lashing the arms to the bamboo. She could move her
fingers only now. They quickly lashed calf to thigh and put the
funnel in.

It was quite a sight. I broke out the video cam and started it
rolling. I passed the digital cam around, so that everyone could
get their favorite shots. I looked to Christy. She rose and walked
over, bringing her pussy to the funnel. It was only right that she
christen the event. She looked over the edge into Pat's eyes as
she held her pussy lips apart and began to fill the funnel. The
contempt was so thick that I could feel it.

I zeroed in with the video camera to capture the moment forever.
Christy pushed Pat's head back, as Pat had always done. The funnel
filled to the half mark as Pat tried to gulp down the contents.
Obviously she could not breath as it flowed and the funnel took
it's sweet time in draining. Christy looked back up to me through
the camera, beaming. She looked to be a far more serious contender
than I'd imagined in the role of my right hand. The brutality Pat
had dealt her over the months apparently had brought her out of
her "friendly" mode and into her "top" mode. Perhaps it was simply
the joy of revenge. But I saw a new, improved Christy through the
lens.

I decided to move on. I had plans and I wasn't going to allow them
to keep Pat in that position _too_ long. Only long enough that she
never forget just how painful it is. Well, maybe a little bit
longer than that..

I picked up my wine glass on the way. It was warm now, so I poured
it into the funnel before directing my stiff cock. It is really
hard to piss when it is stiff. The situation had it hard though
and I did the best I could, spewing over the edge and into her
face, before regaining my aim. I pulled my pants back on and
prepared to move on to the next event.

Vicky was next in line. She brought a half a bottle of wine and
poured it in.

"Yeah you bitch. See what it feels like!"

The funnel took 40 seconds or so to drain. Pat's only option was
to discontinue breathing and swallow. Otherwise she could drown in
the wine, or piss, or whatever was poured in. I recalled the times
I watched her beating off as the others had struggled when she was
doing the pouring. I toyed with the idea of alternating my right
hand since I had two contenders. To my surprise Vicky began
flicking herself as she watched Pat choke and gag. Maybe there are
three contenders here. I'd never really given Vicky the
opportunity. She brought herself to quick climax. She had been
sexually stimulated by the reversal of roles.

The effect of the deluge was quick. Pat rocked slightly;
shitfaced.

"Can we move the fucking slut onto the lineolum? I want to piss in
her face so she will know what it's like to sit there all evening
with piss drying on you?"

I nodded my approval. Denise took one side of the bamboo and the
girls took the other, lifting and dragging Pat into the kitchen.

Without hesitation Vicky removed the funnel and pressed back Pat's
forehead, standing over the awe-stricken face. She gushed, covering
Pat's face, wetting her hair thoroughly, and dripping down the out
stretched body. She too had that glint in her eye as she directed
the flow. The possibilities were exponentially more interesting.

I left without comment, watching as even the meek Denise moved in
for his turn. He held her head back and filled her mouth with out
the funnel. I left through the front door and walked the hundred
yards to the kennel. Both of the boys were glad to see me and we
wrestled for awhile, before I watered and fed them.

I lit a smoke and looked out at the quiet twilight. There were
some birds flittering about, but everything else was silent and
still. I pondered my humble beginnings, back when this was a patch
of woods through the building and right upto the current moment.

The sun would be up soon, I returned to the pens and selected
Satan. The large and awesome Pit Bull damned near knocked me down
on the way out. Trinity didn't like being left alone, but that's
the breaks. He would get his turn too. Satan ran free until we got
to the front door. I'd "borrowed" Pat's leash on the way out and I
paused to put it on Satan before opening the door.

continued...

comments?

paddymellon8@my-deja.com




An erotic fantasy: Night Prowler

  Chapter 6c: Initiation... Beast Of Burden


My guests have been scared shitless of my beasts. I'd taken then
down to show them fight over a piece of meat way back when. The
fierceness of the beasts, and the somewhat exaggerated suggestions
I'd given as to what would happen if I let them chase an escapee
down had dissipated any thoughts of escape back in the eralier
days. My guests had grown since and I saw no harm in introducing
them formally. While fierce, they were overgrown puppies in my
hands.

I saw the anticipated startle as we entered. I reassured them that
they would be fine, unless I told Satan to act and they settled
back down somewhat.

"Bring that coffee table in here Denise."

He carried it in and placed it on the floor.

"Ok, pick her slut ass up and put her on it."

I could see the shocked expressions. It was apparent what was to
occur to all of us now. Especially to Pat who looked
unbelievingly at me. She groaned as they lifted her. Her knees
were already cramping from the looks of it. I decided to leave the
ball gag out, so that I could hear her responses.

I eased forward. Satan had the leash taught ashe pulled in attempt
at checking out the exhibit. I saw horror in Pat's eyes as we
neared. Then she suddenly looked defiant. She was silent, knowing
that begging was futile.

Satan was drawn to her pussy instinctively. The piss covered body
of the stranger he'd only briefly seen must have been strange, but
his node was drawn in just as I'd imagined it. I held him at bay,
allowing him to nestle his nose in her crotch. After sniffing he
began to lick her snatch with his monsterous tongue. Her look of
defiance melted away quickly as I announced that she was to be
his girl friend for the next two weeks.

A dog's tongue is rougher than a human's. His is probably 9" long
too. I'd seen all of my life how instinct drives the male dog to a
womans crotch. It was time to see what will happen if he is able
to follow his instinct.

The first few strokes hit her clit and outter lips. I held him,
allowing him to warm her up, before feeding him some slack. We all
watched in awe as her pussy lips swelled and her breathing became
shallow. She began moaning. She began to beg, but we all ignored
her, amazed as the savage tongue lashing. The huge tongue was
licking all the way back to her asshole, parting the swollen lips
with each stroke.

She began to waiver. It could have been the guzzled wine, knee
cramps or the tongue lashing. I had Denise hold one side of the
bamboo and Vicky the other. Both leaned in to view the new sight.
Christy moved beside me. She too was fascinated. I couldn't help
myself; I reached down and felt her lips. They were wet, as I'd
expected them to be. She squirmed so that my finger penetrated
her.

"Do you like this?"

She hesitated. I worked my finger in deeper and then finger fucked
her the best I could. She was hot. There was no denying that. But
her pause confused me. She, as well as the others, had grown into
sluts who knew no limit. I didn't understand why this was any
different. I withdrew my finger and started flicking her off. She
smiled, turning so that I could reach her better, while watching
intently as Satan lapped away. I gave him still more slack and he
moved in closer, inserting his tongue, licking her clit on the way
out. Pat tensed and shrieked. I'd never heard such an intense
climax from her. I matched the mighty tongue as I flicked Christy
and she too climaxed quickly, and with unseen intensity.

I inserted my finger and slowly fucked her, nice and smooth,
avoiding her overly sensitive clit. Pat had no such luck. Satan
hastened his lunges as she climaxed. Her clit had no retreat.
While it hurt, it also felt good and she began the first true
string climax I'd ever witnessed.

"Yes. I like to see the slut get what she deserves..."

"You know that eventually you will have your turn."

She looked at me. I couldn't place the expression. It wasn't
surprise. It wasn't a startled look or a look of sheer lust. She
began to fuck my finger, placing both arms around my neck. We
kissed deeply and passionately as I worked a second and then a
third finger in. I dropped the leash and Satan moved even closer,
lowering his front end for better penetration.

I can't remember more passion in a single kiss. It lasted several
minutes. She went up and down on my fingers while our lips were
locked. I drew the breath from her lungs and filled them again. If
I'd had better position I could have gotten my whole hand in. She
came, and then came again.

I pulled my sticky fingers out and she dropped down, taking my
cock into her mouth. It would be but a moment before I exploded
down her throat. I savored my time and tried to extend it, but her
mouth was hot and so was I.

I drained, looking her in her pretty blue eyes. Pat was going
crazy in the background. The unyielding tongue whipped her silly.
Her inability to withdraw or to control it had her in a frenzy.

Denise and Vicky had both hands on the bamboo to support her. Her
motions were limited severely, but her hips gyrated, whether to
seek or avoid the tongue was unclear. She screamed, "No, no no!"
and then "Yes! Yes! Yes," alternating to the point we had no idea
of her real wishes. It was torture. It was the best fuck she'd
ever had.

I took the leash and pulled Satan back. He did not want to come.

"I want you to remember what it is like to be the bottom of the
totem pole. Do your knees hurt?"

"Yes, yes goddammit. They hurt like hell. Get me up."

"You forget who you're talking to. You're a bitch dog."

"Please Sir. My knees hurt..."

"That's better. Lay her on her back. Let's see if she gives as
good head as Satan here did."

I pulled Satan away and rounded the table with him.

"Come here," I instructed Christy.

None of us had noticed the huge dick, which had me and Denise
beat. We'd had our attention directed at his huge tongue and Pat's
hapless pus.

Christy's eyes bulged as it came into view. Being normally
sheathed, it was red, kinda like the inside of a pussy. I wasn't
sure if they knew about the knob or not. They would in due time.
The base of a dog's dick swells to triple it's girth. That's why
dog's "lock-up." This huge knob is swollen inside. It's also "wet"
looking. I've never touched one before but it looks very different
from the normal dry cock a human has.

It must have been Pat's sadism that rubbed off on me. I lusted to
see the huge, wet cock down her throat. I _wanted_ to see her
gaging on it. I wanted to see the knob force into her mouth,
holding it open like a gigantic ball gag as his cock fucks her
mouth, hell, her throat.

They had laid her on her back. I had them position her so that the
bamboo was on the edge of the table. Herneck and head had no
support and drooped limply backwards. Her mouth fell open. Her
body was still spasming from the multi-climatic tongue thrashing.
Her knees were still bound. They fell to each side, leaving her
pussy exposed.

I brought Satan closer. His tongue darted into her mouth. I hadn't
planned that, but it seemed fitting. She tried to turn away but he
followed her. She finally gave up, being in no position to resist,
and closed her lips around the pervasive tongue.

"If you're going to fuck him you damned better kiss him."

She began to suck his tongue. The deepest french kiss she'd had,
without a doubt. I had Denise take the video camera off he tripod
and film this. I wanted a full frame closeup of the two of them.
Vicky grabbed the digital cam and began taking stills.

Satan was somewhat confused, having lost the puss. He enjoyed the
kiss, curiously enough, so I gave him several minutes.

I finally drug him away, pulling his front feet onto the table. He
quickly spied the pussy and began to lick it again with fury. I
had Christy take his cock and guide it into her mouth. We all got
on our knees to watch the mammoth cock slide in. Pat squirmed
franctically before it was halfway in. The length reached through
her mouth and down her throat as he plowed in. Her breathing was
restricted to the short period between thrusts that her airway was
cleared somewhat. He fucked her mouth quickly, like a rabbit, with
short, quick, penetrating thrusts. Pat tried to close her legs.
The mouth fucking and the climatic tongue thrashing was too much.
Satan is all muscle though and he insisted she have both. Her bent
legs drooped helplessly back to down on the table. She was only
able to move her fingers, which flexed in a futile attempt at
begging for mercy. The rest of her body was tightly bound and/or
ravenged by the muscular dog.

I got on my knees and looked. The knob was too massive to fit in
her mouth. It met her lips, holding them open wide. I could see
her throat bulge as he thrust.

My cock was hard again. I sat on the couch to enjoy the canine
rape. Christy followed, going down on my cock with her back to me,
so that she could see too. She put her pussy over my cock. I
almost always fucked her in the ass. The few exceptions were when
I wore a rubber, which I detest. I said nothing. The warm pussy
was so wet and smooth. I'd almost forgotten what pussy felt like.
She worked it slowly. I was worn, but I mustered a mini-cum as I
held her breasts. She leaned back and we enjoyed watching the face
rape.

Pat again was having chain orgasms. She could barely breath and
now was in peril of drowning in dog cum. She had been a definite
bad influence upon us all, for we all took sadistic glee in the
sight. Vicky and Denise laid down their cameras and joined us on
the couch. Denise sat beside me and Vicky mounted him in the same
fashion as Christy was mounted.

I enjoyed our "closeness." We rallied around the event as friends.
I hadn't planned it, but we weren't sitting there as top and
bottoms. They dropped their guard and I dropped mine. Vicky was
talking of all the times it had been her down there while she
nonchalently fucked Denise. Christy took over as she climaxed,
telling of how she was unfairly picked on by Pat. My cock came
back to life and she began to ride me again.

"So how are you going to like it when Satan fucks you?"

They giggled. It was easy enough to watch Pat.

"He's HUGE!" Vicky exclaimed.

"Damned big!" Christy joined in.

"Well for the record... I doubt I'll ever tie you down like her.
That's pretty bad. She deserves it though. But if you ever piss me
off you might find yourself in her place."

They both laughed. It was pretty funny that they seemed to know
that without it being spoken. I thought it was an important
announcement.

"She had this coming. What I'm going to do is make her stay on all
fours the entire two weeks. You guys can do whatever turns you on.
Whatever. But I'm going to rotate the dogs in and out to see if
they can fuck her to death."

Even Denise broke out on that one. He offered a few times she had
been especially cruel to him. He's normally silent, but even he
felt at ease.

"Obviously I had no right to bring you all here. But I did. And
here we are; and that's not going to change. I would like to
compliment each of you on your trials and errors. I applaud your
successes and your yearning for your new life."

They each looked at me. The looks were friendly. It was the
informality which made this moment. I'd never spoken with them
like this until now.

"My sexual desires are not normal. I've brought you all here and
taught you to fulfill them. You have learned well. You have
changed. You're not the same people I brought in."

"How... the hell did you do that?" Christy asked.

I told them how Pat sat in front of me in accounting class and how
I flunked the class because I was fantasizing about her rather
than listening to the lecture. I'd followed her home and staked
the house out, discovering in the process her lovely roommates and
the unlucky boyfriend I set up.

They were amazed at my years of work and planning in building the
basement and home, the walls, security cameras and the walled
compound.

I asked Denise if he remembered picking the liquor rack up that
fateful evening. He didn't. I told them how I'd opened all the
bottles, allowing them to drain on their sides, before laying out
the one bottle of techila that had a firm cap. The one I'd spiked.

Denise was intrigued at the fact I'd blown him; in order to get
sperm to plant.

"You're not really gay?"

"No. I'm really not. I have been curious. Hell I was attracted to
a couple of guys throughout my life. But I've always been
attracted mainly to women. That doesn't mean I'm planning to cut
you off though."

The girls cracked up laughing.

"I dunno. I felt sorry for you, knowing I was setting you up. I
despised your fucking frat attitude, still I could not rationalize
the ordeal I was about to put you through. I'd never touched
another guy's cock until then. Even though you were passed out
your cock came to full mast as I licked your balls. I knew it
would. I don't know how, I just knew it. Like I knew Satan was
going to fuck the shit out of Pat's mouth."

Our attention focused back on Pat. She wasn't turning blue yet,
but we could hear her abbreviated breaths, exasperated by
continual climax.

They all looked suddenly respectful at me. Jeez, you do wanna
respect your elders and the wisdom you might not see that they
have accumulated, but I was uncomfortable.

"I'm not that smart. I have the ability to look around and to put
things together though."

They snickered.

"Ok, let's let the she-devil up for some air."

We all stood and I pulled Satan away. The others released the
cords binding Pat and stood her up. She was wobbly and weak.
Christina took her in tow to get the circulation going. When they
returned I had Vicky put the ball gag back in and I led Pat out
into the center of the floor, putting her down on all fours.

"You will stay on all fours until further notice. Your primary
purpose of existence now is servicing my beasts... for our
pleasure."

It's difficult to climb to the top. Once there it is next to
impossible to return to the bottom with any sort of grace.

Satan was already on the prowl. He stuck his nose, and then his
tongue into the exposed pussy and began to lick again. We settled
in at the bar to watch. I poured a round of techila shots. We
toasted and downed them.

The mighty beast moved and mounted Pat. His muscular body dwarfed
her feminine figure. His chest rested on her back, pressing her
down. Her elbows bent to accomodate him in a most uncomfortable
looking position.

I'd expected that he would need some help in his entry, but Pat's
woefully swollen pussy made a large target. He filled it
completely and began hammering her. He growled in her left ear and
nipped at it. She lowered her head in fear and in submission as
her body began another long chain-orgasm. It was difficult to tell
where one stopped and the next started. Spittle drooled from the
ball gag as her breathing increased to marathon proportion.

I could tell by her movements that he had slid his knob in. They
would be locked up for awhile now. I poured another round of shots
and we downed them, amazed at the intensity of the pounding.

continued... (in progress)

comments? story line suggestions?

paddymellon8@my-deja.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Paddymellon


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





