BDSM Library - Heather's Crazed Fan




Heather's Crazed Fan
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Heather, writer of several stories of violent lust, finds herself living some of the worst of them when a fan decides to meet her and make them real.
The following is a work of FICTION. I do, however wish to 
thank the reader who suggested I write it.
-----
Date: 4/4/01 8:27:17 AM Central Daylight Time

Heather's Crazed Fan
by
DEDHeather94

I couldn't believe I'd told him the name of my town!! What 
the hell had I been thinking?? These desperate and useless thoughts 
raged through me as he laughed at my terror. 
"Consider me a fan", he had said to me online. He'd read my 
Heather stories somewhere on the net...I had them posted everywhere 
it seemed. He had written some excellent rape stories himself and we 
became friendly. Almost right away he began wanting to know when we 
could meet and play out our own rape story...then write about it. I 
laughed, of course. I didn't know him well enough to agree to such a 
thing....and besides I'd sworn never again...but that's another story.
Now here I was...suddenly thrust into a nightmare....my own 
Vile Gamer story coming true when my new friend Steve abducted me 
from the damn movie theater parking lot! 
He did it differently of course....he writes stories too, 
remember. Instead of commanding me out of my car, he'd waited till 
I'd left the car on my own and began walking toward the theater. 
Yes, like the Heather of my stories I liked to go to the movies alone 
and I had a tendency to park as far away as possible while enjoying a 
doobie in my car. He'd been watching me, obviously, and I paid no 
attention to the footsteps behind me when I began my long walk toward 
the theater. 
I drew in my breath sharply when an arm suddenly encircled my 
neck and I felt something sharp at my ribs.
"Don't make a sound, Bitch", the voice in my ear muttered. I 
felt myself go tense and cold with terror. I flinched as the sharp 
pressure at my ribs grew more insistent.
"That's right...I have a knife. Don't make me hurt 
you....not yet anyway"
I was so terrified I felt paralyzed....I couldn't move a 
muscle. I'm so scared of knives...
My assailant released his grip from around my neck and 
quickly grabbed ahold of my arm, pulling me in the general direction 
of where I'd just come from.
"This way....NOW". He was steeering me toward his car, and I 
could barely make my legs work and nearly stumbled. He never took 
the knife away from my side till he opened the passenger side door 
and shoved me in. 
Now here I was in his floorboard....wrists handcuffed behind 
me....but not gagged, so when the car began to move and I finally 
found my voice I began to plead.
"Please....why are you doing this? Who are you? Please let 
me go....Don't hurt me" I began to cry.
"Consider me a fan", he said smiling. I knew then...at least 
I thought I did.
"Steve?", I whispered...."Omigod"
"Hey!! That's good! I told you we were gonna play...", he 
smiled wickedly.
"NOOOO!!!", I wailed. "Steve...I never agreed to this!! You 
know I didn't!!"
"I know," he said, "Makes it all the more real, doesn't it?"
I began to struggle with the cuffs. Now that I knew who it 
was I actually thought I could talk my way out of this mess....Shows 
how dumb I can be sometimes.
"I'm not doing this Steve!!!" I shouted, "Get these fucking 
things OFF ME!!!"
"Uh uh....temper temper..." he laughed. "It's cute and all, 
but don't make me have to hit you. I just want to rape you...over 
and over again....I'm gonna fuck your mouth...your ass...everything. 
It's not like you'll ever tell anybody, right? Besides, I'll be long 
gone by then anyway." The tears began again when I realized this 
lunatic was serious. I didn't want this to happen!! To my horror, 
however, a tingling wetness had begun to seep into my panties, still 
safely out of his view under my dress. I cried harder when I 
realized nothing would be out of his view for long.....as he sped me 
toward my impending rape.

No sooner had I stumbled into the hotel room Steve began 
pushing me toward the bed...his eyes wild.
"Steve NO!!! Don't do this!!" I knew it was hopeless but I 
couldn't help trying one more time to get him to snap out of this and 
let me go. Who was I kidding? He'd come all the way from Michegan! 
I had no hope at all.
Ignoring my nearly hysterical pleas, he continued to shove me 
backwards until my legs were backed into the bed, then with one more 
hard shove I was sprawling across the bed on my back, whimpering as 
Steve stood over me unbuttoning his shirt, smiling when he saw my 
frightened eyes widen with panic. While he was pulling his shirt 
off, I tried to jump up so I could make a run for it, but he was 
ready for me and holding me down before I could even attempt to reach 
the floor. I shrieked then...a high-pitched wail of defeat and rage 
that was suddenly reduced to wretched muffled squeaks when his hand 
clamped over my mouth.
I struggled desperately beneath him, nearly wild with panic 
over the speed with which this was happening. I was writhing and 
thrashing and still trying to scream and bite the hand that had such 
a tight grip on my face. I was terribly frightened, but mad as hell 
that he thought he had the right to just take me like this; like I 
wasn't a person at all...only a thing. Muffled or not, I screamed 
even harder...both outraged and terrified when it became obvious that 
my struggles were almost comically useless. My attacker was way too 
strong and too determined to have me....there was no escape. He held 
me down easily, but soon grew tired of his captive's rebellion.
"Stop it Heather!", he snapped at me, "Stop fighting me. Do 
you want me to get the knife back out?" His voice was angry and 
upon hearing him mention his knife I froze, my struggles ending 
abruptly.
"There....", he said in a mockingly soothing voice, "That's 
better.....much better. I'll take my hand off your mouth if you 
promise not to scream. If you break your promise, I'll cut you. 
Don't test me on that, ok?"
I could feel my eyes fill with tears again as I nodded, 
looking up at him with new fear and panting harshly thru my nose from 
the futile battle I'd just lost. Nevermind the outrage....surviving 
this and surviving it relatively intact became more important. I 
don't know if I believed he would really cut me, but at this point I 
had no idea what he could be capable of. After all, I never believed 
he would come all this way just to rape me either.
He shifted his position on my body and removed his hand from 
my mouth...replacing it with his own as he mashed his lips onto mine 
in a rough kiss, his tongue rudely invading my clamped-shut lips, 
forcing them apart...forcing its way inside...almost a parody of the 
rape it precluded.
My soft whimpers became slightly louder, frantic, when the 
same hand that had silenced me began to roam over my body...roughly 
squeezing my breasts, pinching the nipples painfully; his brutal kiss 
muffling the cries I couldn't have possibly held in. 
Steve was kissing my neck, breathing heavily. I gasped...I 
was afraid to speak, yet couldn't stop myself from trying to reason 
with him.
"Steve...please....don't do this," I pleaded thru my 
tears, "Ohgod...don't do this to me, ok? Please don't rape me..", my 
voice broke off in a sob.
"Sssshhhh....". His hand was now exploring under the skirt 
of my dress, squeezing my ass, then groping rudely between my legs. 
He chuckled but didn't comment my being so wet...he didn't have to; 
the leer on his face said it all. He knew what this kind of fear did 
to me.....he was a fan of my stories. 
I could feel his gloating anticipation as his hands slowly 
pushed my dress higher...over my thighs, my hips...my breasts, giving 
them another squeeze while there. In one swift movement he yanked 
my dress over my head, my arms helplessly following till they were 
over my head, tangled in the garment being stripped from me. Holding 
both my wrists that way, he twisted the material around them tightly, 
binding me with my own dress!
He was straddling me now, his knees on either side of me, not 
quite sitting on me, but keeping enough of his weight on me to keep 
me from trying to bolt again as he resumed removing his shirt. He 
was staring at me, watching me cry. Grinning, he raised himself 
slightly and undid his jeans, yanking at them slightly in his effort 
to free his enormous erection. My eyes widened and so did his smile 
when he saw them. He fondly stroked the weapon he was about to attack 
me with, making sure I saw it.
"See what I got for you, little bitch?", he sneered. 
I cried harder when he literally ripped my panties from my 
body...not bothering to pull them down; instead ripping them apart at 
the seams and flinging the scraps aside in his haste to violate me. 
"NOOO!!! OHGOD NO!!" I was very nearly breaking my promise, 
but I couldn't help it.
Steve's movements were quick and violent but controlled. 
Seizing my knees, he forced my legs apart wider than was needed, and 
while holding them apart lowered himself onto my trembling body, 
releasing my legs, his body keeping them apart as he guided his 
engorged cock to the source of the warm wetness that was seeping onto 
the bedspread. Finding it, he drove into me suddenly with a strong 
lunge that stole my breath for a moment, causing bursts of tingles 
to explode and spread thru my whole body, making me stiffen with the 
nearly orgasmic waves that shook me despite the sharp pain of the 
sudden invasion. With very little hesitation he began to fuck me 
with cruel relish....stabbing into me visciously...his hips bruising 
my open thighs with the force of his assault. 
The look in his eyes as well as the violence of his movements 
would not let me forget for an instant that this was a rape...and one 
he was enjoying very much. He was putting me in what he considered 
to be my place right away, breaking down the last of whatever 
resistance I might have by pounding me into the mattress. 
Gripping my hair in both fists he put his lips close to my 
ear while he continued to piston inside me, his words, panted in my 
ear gleefully, filled me with horror.
"Your pussy's nice bitch....but this is only the warm-up. I 
can't wait to get in that tight sweet ass of 
yours...mmm...yeaaahh...I'm gonna fuck your ass so hard you won't sit 
down for a week!"


His words made me start screaming again, despite the threat 
of the knife.
"NOOOOO!!! Steve PLEASE GOD NO!! I can't take that!!! 
OHGOD Please don't!! You're too BIG!!!", I pleaded hysterically.
Swiftly he pulled out of me and was suddenly on my chest, his 
hateful weapon in my face, his grip on my hair tightening as he 
yanked my head up towards it.
"This should shut you up", he muttered, "Open your mouth"..
I frantically tried to keep my lips together. His cock was 
against them, trying to force them apart, demanding entrance. I was 
sure he would choke me to death with it if he got it in there 
and...and I couldn't let something in my mouth that was coated with 
pussy juices! Even if it was my own.
"OPEN I said!!" he growled, but still I refused.
"Fucking Bitch.." he cursed, then leaned way over the bed, 
fiddling with his jeans that were on the floor. In a flash he'd 
resumed his position, but this time I felt his knife at my throat. 
My heart clenched in terror when I felt how sharp it was against the 
tender exposed flesh. 
"Gonna open up now whore? Or do you want me to slice your 
fucking throat?"
With great reluctance, but little hesitation I chose to obey 
this time, allowing the slime-coated organ to push past my lips, 
trying hard not to gag when it filled my mouth. Disgusted as 
I was, being forced to taste my own pussy was about to be the least 
of my worries. 
Holding my head firmly in place with his cruel grip on my 
hair and raising himself up further, he started to face-fuck me in 
earnest, with short rapid thrusts at first, then pushing a little 
harder, going a little deeper with each one till finally he pushed 
steadily down my throat as far as he could go.
My whole body was jerking with the gag reflex I could no 
longer control, thrashing with the panic of having no more air. He 
was fucking my throat now, deeply and brutally while my bound hands 
beat at him ineffectually...my feet kicking at the mattress furiously 
in my pathetic attempts to dislodge the terrible obstruction.
"Uuuuhhh....oh yeah"...I could faintly hear him thru the roar 
in my ears, his voice tensed in obvious pleasure as he continued 
sawing in and out of my abused and aching throat. "Swallow that cock 
baby....ohhhh fuck.....yeah...you can do it", like I had a 
choice, "take it ALL!"
My vision was going dark. Just as I was sure I was going to 
pass out from the lack of air, then suffocate, he suddenly stopped 
the torture by pulling himself free from my tight throat. I was 
pulling in huge gasps of precious oxygen, never so glad to just 
BREATHE, when warm spurts of his cum splattered my face, my hair, my 
breasts. A few squirts hit my open mouth, which was still gasping 
for air. I really didn't care at this point if he dumped a whole 
bucket of the stuff over my head! I was just glad that the hellish 
face-fuck was over. 
He used his still-hard prick to smear his load all over my 
face. I whined in protest, but obeyed when he commanded me to lick 
him clean.
"Good girl", he crooned when I'd gotten all that I could.
When he finally got off of me I was dumb enough to ask if 
he'd let me go now. Laughing, he seized my ankles and roughly 
flipped me onto my stomach.
"Yeah....right", was all he said.
I wanted to cry again in utter despair when I felt rope or 
something being wound around my left ankle, then pulled tight as he 
tied the end to something at the foot of the bed. As he was doing 
the same thing to my right ankle, I cried out in a voice made ragged 
due to my pained throat.
"But....you....you came! You're done!! Why won't you let me 
GO now??", I wailed.
His hands were on my helplessly exposed ass, 
squeezing...kneading. His voice sounded excited as he spoke to me 
while untying my twisted dress from my wrists, then re-tying them 
together, behind my back with rope.
"Yeah baby...I sure did. And I'm going to cum again.....this 
time in that beautiful ass"
"NOOoooo", I cried...."oh...oh please don't do that!" I felt 
the panic rising again. No way could I take him there! He would 
tear me apart!
"Oh yeah....it's gonna happen bitch. I came all this way for 
that ass. It's mine!"
New sobs shook my body when he climbed back onto the bed, his 
hands spreading the wetness from between my legs up into my quivering 
ass crack. I gasped when my head was pulled up by my hair again, 
then cried harder when I heard the menacing whisper in my ear.
"It's going to take me a very long time to cum again, 
sweetness. I'll be in that tight ass of yours for quite a while."
The horrified scream that burst from me was cut short by the 
tape he slapped over my lips. His cruel laughter rang in my 
ears....there was no hope.
I tensed up in pure panic when I felt his still rock-hard 
cock pushing against the tiny puckered entrance to my ass; my body 
instinctively jerking and trying to pull away from the imminent 
invasion. It was of course all in vain...I was too tightly 
restrained to even hope for escape. I knew that being tensed up was 
the very worst way my body could be prepared for being fucked this 
way, but I couldn't help it...I was wild with fear. 
I wouldn't have had time to relax anyway. The pressure 
against me was immediately replaced with a bolt of intense tearing 
PAIN as he pushed himself against my ass hard...so hard it took my 
breath.
"FUCK!! That's tight!!!...I only got the head in!", I heard 
him say. His grip on my hips tightened as he pulled my ass closer, 
dragging my upper body across the bed, forcing my knees to bend as he 
pulled my ass higher. He was pushing even harder....grunting with 
the effort...my breath returned in the form of useless wails of 
protest and despair that could barely be heard anyway thru the tape 
over my mouth.
When he finally broke thru the ring of my tightly clenched 
muscle, the screams of agony that exploded from my already tortured 
throat nearly tore the tape that kept them trapped inside. I could 
hear his moans of triumph and sadistic pleasure as he continued to 
push even harder until I felt his balls resting against me. I felt 
on fire as I writhed with the worst pain I'd ever endured, unable to 
stop the eruption of screams. 
Everything went black for a moment. I must have passed out 
from the intolerable agony inflicted on me because the next thing I 
remember was my head being yanked up again by my hair. He was 
slapping at my face, saying "Wake up! I want you awake for this!"
When my shrieks assured him I was indeed awake and fully able 
to feel my torture, he began moving inside me....lowering his body 
onto mine, his fist still full of my hair, his other hand gripping my 
shoulder for leverage. He was settling in for a long hard assfuck, 
sinking himself into me till he could go no further, pulling out 
halfway, then driving into me harder with each stroke.
I was beginning to wish he had cut my throat after all. 
Nearly insane in the extremity of my anguish, any escape would have 
been welcomed, even death. I couldn't die, and I couldn't escape, 
only suffer as I was forced to feel every inch...every 
stroke....every single cruel lunge. I was trapped in a nightmare...a 
world of pain that wouldn't end. I'm not sure how long this 
lasted...or how many in and out thrusts my violated bottom endured. 
It seemed like hours to me, though I know it wasn't. 
When my screams dwindled to sobs, he tore the tape from my 
face...maybe so he could hear them better. I wasted no time, 
immediately begging him to take it out TAKE IT OUUUT OHGOD PLEEEEASE 
IT HURRRTS!!...or something like that I'm sure. 
One of his hands reached under me then, finding my clit and 
rubbing it...stroking it expertly till it sprang to unexpected life, 
sending waves of pleasurable tingles to mingle with the pain. It 
didn't seem possible, but the pain was abating somewhat. The muscles 
inside me had undoubtedly stretched enough by now under the 
relentless assault to at least allow the pain to be bearable, if only 
slightly.
"I'll take it out when I cum," he snarled. "Beg me to cum in 
your ass you worthless slut", he said savagely as he continued to 
manipulate my clit until I felt my pussy squeezing and throbbing in 
response.
"Please cum in my ass Steve!", I gasped out. My own words 
surprised me by arousing me further. I repeated it louder, trying to 
arouse him further as well...begging him as he wanted and also of my 
own accord. "Shoot it in my ass....OHGOD PLEASE HURRY....CUM IN MY 
AAAASSSS!!! OH FUCK ME MAKE IT STOP!!!"
Laughing, he pushed himself up on his knees again, pulling me 
against him by my hips. His cock, still buried in my ass, jerked 
inside me with the motion, making me cry out with new pain. 
My mouth was open but could hardly make a sound as he fucked 
my ass harder than ever...driving in and out of me with a frenzy that 
stole my breath. My body shook with each hard blow as he pounded 
away at me, yanking me against him visciously so that I missed 
nothing. 
The pleasure and pain had combined to become a seperate new 
sensation that nobody could bear for long....I could certainly bear 
it no longer. Savage cries that no longer resembled my earlier 
screams sounded from me as every muscle in my body tensed, including 
my impaled ass, which squeezed the invading cock so hard that my 
rapist cried out as well. Our outcries combined into one long wail 
of release.....his cock was jerking, mercifully filling my abused 
hole with shot after shot of hot cum while I shuddered and thrashed 
as my own explosive orgasm tore thru me...leaving me 
exhausted...barely concious.

I was released of course; battered, horribly used, but alive 
and relatively unhurt. 
Steve had exaggerated. I was able to sit down again in a few 
days, actually.

Now that I've written this, maybe he'll leave me alone. 
Before he let me out of his car and back into my own, he informed me 
that if I didn't send him this story soon, he'd be back....for 
further inspiration he said. 
Damn.
Now I know how the guy in "Misery" felt. Sort of....

The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Heather


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





