BDSM Library - Skinned




Skinned
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two pre-med students use one of their classmates to improve their GPA. Bloody experiments here.
Skinner

   What a great party!  He slid the roach into the popcorn dish that was filled
with husks and leaned back to enjoy the smooth high that engulfed his senses. 
The music seemed far off now, melodic and enrapturing; taking him to a world far
beyond his own filled with blissful serenity.  It had been a last minute
decision to attend with finals a mere week away the pressures continued to mount
and he didn't think he could spare one night away from his studies.  Now he
realized that it had been a wise decision to clear his head and fears so that he
might better concentrate in the days ahead.  The familiar utopian sensations
emerged from the back of his cerebrum and he became fully immersed in the
moment, oblivious to the world around him.  It was what she had been waiting for
from the moment he arrived.
   Lyssa was a pre-med student with a biology minor.  Always fascinated by the
human body,  she had completed several research projects already that had won
her acclaim from both her peers and professors.  He most current project was the
male anatomy, specifically the genitals and their transformation during the
orgasmic phase of sexual arousal.  In order to complete her research, she needed
a volunteer, but no one in their right mind would consent to what she had in
mind.  So tonight, after hearing of the party, she innocently wandered in and
tainted several of the joints that had been rolled previously.  Over by the
couch, she casually studied her unsuspecting victim as he floated deeper and
deeper into oblivion.  She knew him as Ray from a Chemistry class they had taken
together, and although she never found him even remotely attractive, she was
compelled by her research to utilize whatever "equipment" he may have available. 
Just before he slid into immobility she slipped by his side and helped him to
the door and her awaiting car.  It was almost to easy she thought as she headed
back to the dorm, humming to herself as she guided the older sedan down the
quiet streets.
   Ray awoke in a daze with a large overhead light pointed directly at his groin
and an IV in his left arm.  His wrist and ankles were lightly secured to the
examination table where he lay, and although his naked skin was alive with
sensations, he was unable to move and felt quite euphoric thanks to the narcotic
that slowly dripped into his artery.  The stirrups were cold.  In the shadows,
he could make out a slight figure moving about and several VCR cameras pointed
at his groin.  Lyssa stepped from the darkness dressed in a surgical gown with a
small silver cart in tow.  She walked purposefully towards him with a sweet
smile on her otherwise unremarkable face pausing only once to insure one of the
cameras were functioning correctly.

   "Hi there Ray," she quipped as she picked up a small hypodermic and checked
it's contents, "Congratulations on your induction into my academic hall of
fame!"

   "Lyssa, what are you doing," he mumbled as his eyes widened.

   "Well Ray, I'm using your rather paltry genitals to assure that I graduate with
honors; your final orgasm will be regarded as the most remarkable ejaculation in
history!  I see that you weren't particularly gifted down there but you'll do
nicely," she cooed as she grasped his flaccid manhood with her free hand and
gently caressed the wrinkles beneath his soft glans.

   "Whoa Lyssa," he countered, "I know I may have said a few things about you that
may not have been in the spirit of compassion but I definitely didn't want to
provoke you to revenge.  I know I'm not well endowed but I treasure what I do
have it would really appreciate it's opportunity to grow old with me."

   "Oh silly," she chided as she increased the drip from the IV, "Your fame will
soon replace any doubts you may now have, and, well, think of it this way; more
girls will fantasize about your equipment than any other man in history.  Help
me make it worthwhile, won't you," she asked innocently as she plunged the
half-filled hypo into the base of his manhood and slowly depressed the plunger. 
"You'll feel a little pinch, but soon your little friend will rise to its full
glory."

   Ray mumbled incoherently as the pure THC being flowing into his arm reached his
brain and relaxed him completely.  He was so stoned he no longer cared what
happened to him.  Lyssa reviewed some notes she had scribbled on a clipboard and
suddenly started.  She excused herself briefly as she reduced the flow of the IV
and disappeared quickly into the shadows.  She returned several moments later
with a clear flexible plastic sleeve that had a small rigid half dome glued to
its base in one hand and some alcohol in the other.  Ray was barely conscious,
and just stared at his shaved and soft genitals with moistening eyes.

   "Hmmmmm, maybe we're feeling a little too good," she commented as she gently
fondled the still soft flesh dangling between his legs.  "I wonder how many
times this cute little willy has invaded a womans private places and actually
given her pleasure.  Oh well; that reminds me. . ."   She turned quickly and
picked up a hypo with a substantially larger amount of clear liquid in its
reservoir.  "You'll feel a little pinch," she cautioned as she inserted the
needle just beneath his left nipple.  The left side of his chest began to swell
immediately. 

   "Unghhh," he muttered weakly as he started to drool.

   "It will pass in just a few moments; just relax," she reassured him gently as
she withdrew the syringe, wiped the point and incision with a alcohol pad, then
reinserted the needle just beneath the other nipple.   After a few moments she
turned to the closest camera displaying her most charming smile.  "I just
injected Rays chest with a bioplasmic solution recently developed with the
cooperation of my classmate Alice Townsend and Dow Chemical who generously
donated both their lab equipment and expertise in its development.  Preliminary
test have revealed that the solution will harden coherently within twelve to
twenty four hours to form a flexible, lifelike mass that is non-toxic and. .
.user friendly!  Several more experiments, including the injections you just
witnessed will be carefully monitored to insure its effectiveness before I apply
for a patent.  Again Ray, thanks for your unselfish contributions to all the
under developed women of the world."

   Ray uttered some senseless syllables as he watched his chest expand into two
full and firm globes right before his eyes.  He felt as if his life was ebbing
as a warm prickly sensation crept up his spine and gave him chills.  There was
very little discomfort except for the tightness in his chest, but the small
growth of knarly black hair that clung to his breast bone was definitely out of
place.  Sedated to a point of both immobility and incoherency, Ray resigned
himself to become the pawn of his captor, marveling at how her delightful little
body could house such an inhumane mind.  She mumbled a few other phrases into
the cameras microphone and turned back towards Ray, caressing the two firm
breasts lovingly before again turning her attention to his shriveled genitals. 

   "We're going to have to hurry along here Ray," she stated in a somewhat
concerned voice as she forcefully massaged the head of his penis.  "We might
just have to give little willy here some more encouragement."    She turned and
disappeared into the shadows, and Ray could hear several glass beakers clinking
together and  cabinet doors opening and closing.  She reappeared with yet
another syringe and approached him directly, unceremoniously plunging the needle
into his prostrate savagely.  The searing pain propelled his hips as high into
the air as his restraints would allow.  Warmth surged through his torso and he
could feel his genitals stir to life with more sensitivity than he could ever
remember. 

    "That's better," she sighed, "Let's pump some life into this little sperm
shooter."  With that, she lowered her mouth to his awakening manhood, and let
her moistened lips slowly slide over the soft glans and down onto the shaft as
her fingers gently caressed the tightening wrinkles of his deep red ball sack.  
Within moments, he was fully aroused amidst the most erotic sensations his
manhood had ever experienced.   He could feel every flick of her skillful
tongue, every caress of her soft fingers, and the soft warm breeze every time
she exhaled.   So overcome with the sensuousness of the moment that he barely
noticed the first incision that she made at the base of his penis.
   Deftly, Lyssa straightened up to concentrate on the incision, utilizing a small
eyedropper filled with acid to cauterize any vessels she severed.   As the razor
sharp blade continue its journey around the base of Rays scrotum, he became
acutely aware of the stinging, burning sensation that tore through his abdomen
and buttocks like lightning.  He released the first of many inhumane screams -
long and mournful, that echoed through the shadows like a freight train on a
lonely night. She continued her delicate surgery until, at last, the shallow
incision completely encircled his genitals.  Gently dabbing whatever traces of
blood that remained, the aspiring doctor reached for the forceps and after
clamping them to the severed skin beneath his scrotum, began to peel the flesh
upward, using he scalpel to suture any stubborn tissue that held the thin layer
of outer skin in place.
   It was an agonizing process that took over twenty minutes to complete. 
Although barely able to move, Ray struggled against his restraints with all of
his remaining strength.  The searing pain tore through his groin in ever
increasing waves, accompanied by the ever present throbbing the surged up his
spine and tore through his skull.  As she exposed his gonads to the air, they
dropped precipitously towards the floor and it was only her quick reaction that
saved the throbbing globes from dangling onto the cold cement floor below. 
Slowly, she pulled the thin layer of skin up his still engorged shaft, insuring
the underlying structures remained intact until she reached the base of his
grossly engorged glans where she brought the scalpel around to make a perfect
circle just below the sensitive purplish skin.
   Ray was beside himself, unable to move or speak, he could only scream with
every breath he took.  Finally he became so winded, he collapsed into
semi-consciousness, and concentrated on his own breathing while trying to blot
out the pain.  His torso was ablaze with raw nerve endings, tearing at his
resistance and will to live.  He tried, one more time, to appeal to his captors
humanity, but his words were garbled and almost humorous.  In desperation, he
cried out in agony as the last thin shred of tissue was removed exposing the
underlying structures of a live throbbing penis from the scrotum to his glans
for the first time.  Gingerly, so as not to disturb the alignment of the
delicate structures that miraculously supported his throbbing erection, Lyssa
slipped the transparent tube over the length of the exposed phallus and gently
tucked the two gonads that were resting safely in a small petri dish into the
rigid half globe at the base.  Then, using small dabs of adhesive, she pressed
the sleeve against his abdomen and held it firmly in place until it had dried
and hardened. 
   As Lyssa stepped back to admire her handiwork, she became overwhelmed by the
beauty of he victims erectile chambers; their symmetry and rigidity as they
supported the numerous nerve endings tucked away in the throbbing glans.  The
spongy erectile tissue around his urethra barely concealed the translucent tube
that delivered both his golden waste and life giving cream to the outside world. 
The supporting tissues throbbed rhythmically as they maintained his exposed
erection, and she silently congratulated herself on her surgical precision. 
   It was then she felt the first twinges of her own arousal at the sight of her
captive victim, and she stepped back out of the cameras field of view as her
hand slid between the narrow waistband of her panties and found her moist
treasure.  It took only a few brief and vigorous strokes before Lyssa climaxed,
sending rivulets of her ecstasy down the inside of her thighs as her hips bucked
uncontrollably to the crescendo of her visually induced orgasm.   It took
several long minutes for her to collect herself enough to reemerge back into the
brilliant illumination and conclude her experiments.  The bright red twinge of
her arousal remained evident for quite some time.
   Taking his organ gently into her mouth, Lyssa slowly encircled the engorged
head with her tongue, tasting the salty pre-ejaculate as her victim merely
moaned and slowly turned his head from side to side.  Despite the trauma his
manhood had just experienced, it was quite receptive to her administrations and
soon the entire length of his spermatic system began to spasm rhythmically from
the throbbing white orbs of his gonads to the firm purple head of his penis.  As
the first drops of cream surged through his body, Lyssa raised her head to watch
the awesome poetry that she had spent over a year of her young life preparing
for.  The ejaculate first bubbled, then compressed itself at the base of his
penis, before exploding through the full length of the shaft so swiftly that it
was difficult to follow. 
   Then, with an audible swish, the glans suddenly expanded and Rays final release
of life giving cream erupted high into the air in a copious explosion of beauty
and futility.  It fell back on to his chest just as a second seminal explosion
sent a stream of ejaculate even higher into the air as the skinned penis surged
in its orgasmic throes.  Lyssa became so overwhelmed by the erotic display that
she drove her hand back into her saturated underwear to the small erect nub
within, and began to frig herself with wild abandon.  Her other hand tightly
grasped the flexible tube, massaging the intact purple helmet gently as several
more fountains erupted from the tiny opening in wild abandon.   Ray let out a
long low moan as his orgasm finally subsided and he focused on his captor who
was doubled over next to the gurney in her own orgasmic flurry.  Soon she
collapsed across his abdomen, gasping as her orgasm slowly subsided and the
scent of sex  filled the still air. It was then that Alice first appeared from
the shadows.
   Alice was unlike Lyssa, as she had no interest in the male reproductive system;
rather, she found it both quite repulsive and "unclean."  But she was
understandably surprised when she arrived on the scene to see her fellow
classmate frigging herself frantically while jets of creamy ejaculate shot high
into the air.  Alice watched the creamy ejaculate speed through his urethra and
explode out of his quivering meatus as his gonads seemed to tremble with each
new release.  For a few moments she was erotically overwhelmed by the scene and
actually found herself becoming aroused before she refocused herself on the task
that lay ahead - reconstructing his genitals to resemble those that his female
counterparts were blessed with.  
   Alice cleared her throat giving Lyssa a brief opportunity to regain her
composure before entering into the circle of light to closely examine the newly
exposed erectile tissue.  Small hemorrhages were beginning to appear throughout
Rays throbbing manhood as the delicate veins began to collapse as did his once
turgid erection.  He whimpered sadly as Lyssa, now somewhat recovered, gradually
increased the flow from the IV before rolling a stand alone oxygen tank to his
side and carefully applying the oxygen mask.  His body trembled briefly as the
precious oxygen entered his bloodstream, before he fell into a drug-induced
stupor.  The two girls nodded at one another knowingly, as they reviewed their
checklists and began the delicate operations they had rehearsed many times
before. 
   The first incision at the base of the penis and into his groin to extract the
supportive muscular tissue was the most time consuming due to their beginning
nervousness, but shortly thereafter, both girls were in complete control and
worked together in beautiful symmetry.  First, Rays genitals were completely
removed and the nerves carefully preserved, then his urethra was rerouted and an
artificial vagina created with the nerves strategically lining the wrinkled
scrotal sac that would become the internal walls of his new pussy.  Finally, the
skin of his penis and glans were stitched in such a manner to form two lips and
a large purplish clitoris, and, after a careful inspection and cleaning, his IV
was disconnected and he was wheeled out of the cameras field of view.  Both
Lyssa and Alice concluded the six hour tapes with their own personal comments
before they turned off the machines and collapsed on some nearby lab stools in
exhaustion.

   Ray slowly rolled over in the small cot and fell onto the musty floor.  Now
called Kay, she found herself spending most of her time in the arms of strangers
with her legs spread and her firm breasts exposed.  Sometimes she would forget
to purchase her hormones, but the substantial settlement she had received after
the well publicized court case had insured her all the money she would need for
her addictions and medical necessities for the remainder of her life. 
Occasionally, a reporter would try to track her down for another "exclusive
story," and, depending on who and when, she would sometimes oblige them.  But
within her innermost psychic, she still wanted to be the man that had been cut
away from her, and her short life would soon end with an overdose. 
   Lyssa and Alice would be faced with a lengthy and costly court battle and
become the pawns to feminist groups and the NAACP for many years to come.  The
film rights they sold was the only consolation and kept them from internment. 
Neither would complete their education although Alice would become a respected
nurse in the State mental hospital and Lyssa would become a notorious mistress. 
Their friendship would last a lifetime. 
   How different their lives would have been if Ray had only signed a release
form.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





