BDSM Library - Slave girl




Slave girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: All the history of slavery made her horny and wonder what it would feel to be a slave girl. Now she got a chance to be one.
                       Slave girl

I guess I must have been about twelve or thirteen when we got to Black slavery
in my schools history class.

The book had a picture of a black woman hanging from a tree limb with the back
of her dress open and stripes across her back. An overseer was standing by her
with a long black whip.

I guess it was meant to horrify us but I found it strangely exciting. I had
played "Spy" or cowboys and Indians with my neighbor boy where when I was
captured he would tie me and pull up my t-shirt to tickle me until I revealed a
secret. When I began growing tities I stopped playing the game. I was
embarrassed by them. None of the other girls had boobs as big as mine and they
teased me so much in the gym shower I got permission to skip the shower. I even
began wearing baggy shirts and sweatshirts to hide them.

Looking at the picture reminded me of how excited I got from being tied up and
helpless while being tickled. The tickling had not really excited me though and
I wondered what it would feel like to be tied and whipped. Not hard like in the
picture but maybe with a willow switch.

My Dad spanked me any time I was bad or got poor grades in school since he
wanted to be sure I could get into college. They weren't sexy spankings. He
would have me bend over the table and hit my butt with a ping pong paddle.

There was one spanking though that was different. We have a pond at our ranch I
could swim in. It was really private since Dad had posted no trespassing signs
all over. One time when I was hiking I got real hot from the summer sun and
wanted to go swimming. I didn't have my bathing suit but since it was so private
I decided to go just wearing my panties. My boobs were just bumps then about the
size of a half grapefruit so I didn't wear a bra.

The water felt great. I seemed to be able to feel the water so much better than
when wearing my one piece bathing suit.

Suddenly Dad rode up on his horse and yelled, "Goddamit Allene! I told you to
stay out of the deep end unless someone was with you. Get out of there now! You
are getting a spanking."

"I can't get out Daddy. I am just wearing my panties."

"I don't care! Get up here."

"I was really embarrassed. I knew my white panties would be transparent wet but
I didn't want him any madder than he was already.

He watched me intently as I walked toward him stumbling over the rocks which
made my titties tremble.

When I got close he stared and said, "Jesus. You are really growing up but it
doesn't matter. I will spank you until you are twenty if I need to."

There was no table so he had me hold on to a fence post and cut a willow switch.

That was totally different than the paddle. The switch was so flexible it curved
around my butt to sting my front and wrapped around my upper thighs to sting the
tender inner part. I don't know how many times he hit me I only know that when
he stopped my butt, thighs and stomach was stinging under the panties.

I was crying when he quit but at the same time I felt excited like when I played
with the nubbin I later found out was called a clitoris.

When he quit he said, "Jesus Allene. I am sorry I didn't know the switch would
welt you so bad. Let me see if you are cut."

he pulled down the back of my panties to look then gently rubbed the welts. It
felt good and my excitement rose.

He said, "It looks like some lines hit your front. Let's see."

At that he pulled down my panties and I blushed knowing he could see my cunny
which was just starting to grow fur. He traced some lines that went to my pubic
bone with his fingers which excited me even more.

Then he said, "I have some horse balm that should stop the stinging."

He got it from his saddle bag and sat on a stump. I went over to him with my
legs open a little to keep the panties from falling down any more and laid
across his lap.

He began carressing the salve on my butt and it felt wonderful. He did it a long
time and I felt a bulge in his pants pressing against my hip.
He started breathing funny and said, "I guess that is enough."

I whimpered, "I have lines on my tummy too."

"Do you want me to put salve on them too?" 

"Uhuh"

"Okay but you can't tell Mama. She made me stop bathing you when you were six
saying you were getting too old to be seen naked."

I won't tell. Rub a long time it makes the sting go away."

"Okay. Rollover. I rolled over and now my legs and head were hanging down and my
pussy was pushed up like in a back bend. He began rubbing and it felt even
better. His hand brushed over my pussy lips while getting the stripe by my pubic
bone and I began to pant in excitement.I guess he knew I was enjoying it because
he started running his hand up and down on my crotch with his middle finger
dragging through the slit and rubbing my nubbin. I panted harder then this
wonderful release ran through my body. I had never felt that before because I
had never rubbed the nubbn long enough. Later I realized I had my first orgasm.

He lifted me to my feet and said, "Remember. don't tell Mom about this."

"Oh I won't. I wouldn't mind the spankings so much if you rubbed me afterward."

"Yeah? Well there won't be any more spankings like this."

I guess the episode bothered him because he went back to the over my jeans
paddle.

But I digress. When the bus dropped us off I asked Tom, the neighbor boy, what
he thought about the picture.

"Weird. Even though just her back was naked I thought it was exciting."

"Maybe it was because she was tied. Remember how you liked to tie me up?"

"Oh yeah. I was really sorry you made me stop. What did I do wrong?

"Nothing. It was just that my boobs grew and I thought you might see them and
make fun of me like the girls in gym. Besides the tickling became to seem
childish to me."

"I would never make fun of you. I think the fact you are growing boobs is
wonderful."

"Really? You don't think I am a freak? the other girls don't have them."

"Gosh no. The other girls aren't as pretty as you either."

"Do you really think I am pretty? Mom says I am but she is prejudiced."

"Yes I do and I would love to see your boobs."

"You won't laugh?"

"No. No way."

"Okay just for a minute."

I began to slowly raise my baggy sweater. He stared as it went up to reveal my
little innie bellybutton then finally as it slid over the top of my boobs to
show the little pink nipples. It isn't like they were huge or anything. the girl
who fitted me for a bra at the store said they were thirtytwo B. I bought the
bra but didn't wear it because I liked the feeling of my clothes rubbing my
nipples.

"He looked awestruck."God they are beautiful. Can I touch them?"

"Okay. A little."


He put a hand on each one to squeeze the base then slid them out to the nipples
as if he was milking me. It felt wonderful and when he took down his hands I
said shakily, "You can touch them some more if you want."

That made him bolder and he began stroking them and lightly pinching the
nipples. He said, "Wow! That makes your nipples hard just like my dick when I
rub it."

"It feels good too. Can I rub your dick?"

"Yes!" He unzipped his pants and pulled out his dick. It didn't need rubbing it
was already hard but I wrapped my hand around it and slid it back and forth like
he had done my nipples. Suddenly he grunted and snot like stuff squirted out of
his pee slit.

I was startled and said, "What happened!"

"I came. It what happens to boys when they get real excited. It feels wonderful.
Like a great release. I guess girls cum too but they don't shoot out anything."

I knew that is what had happened to me when Daddy rubbed me.

Suddenly he got embarrassed or something and put it back in his pants and began
walking again. Then he said, "I know why I liked the picture. I have daydreamed
about having a girl slave. It always makes me hard."

Really? I have thought about being a slave and having to get naked for my
Master. Would you like to play "Slave" some time?

"God yes. When?"

My folks are going to a cattle auction this weekend. We could have the place to
ourselves. Our barn kind of looks like the building in the picture."

"Great! My folks are going to the same auction."

We walked a bit more then he said, "If you were my slave I could make you take
all your clothes off couldn't I?"

"I guess. I think you can make a slave do anything. If she didn't she would get
whipped."

"Oh Wow. You mean with a real whip?"

"Well no a real whip could cut my skin  but I have a plastic whip I bought at
the fair that would sting a lot."

"Wow. I can ask you to do anything and if you say no I can whip you?"

"I guess so. That would give me a choice and my little whip isn't bad enough to
make me do something really gross."

By that time we were to my driveway so he said he would see me as soon as his
folks left about ten AM. I told him that would be good cause my folks were
leaving at eight.

The next day was Friday but we couldn't talk about it anymore on the walk home
because my folks had agreed to babysit a girl a year younger that caught our
bus. I kidded her about needing a babysitter and she said it was in case the
house caught fire or something.

Her folks picked her up about ten that night and I went to bed. I got to
thinking about what was coming and rubbed my little nubbin until I got a
wonderful release which made me go right to sleep.

I was on pins and needles all the next morning waiting for him. I was real
excited when he came running into the house.

He was panting and gasped, "I ran all the way here the minute their truck left
the driveway. Can I tell you to do stuff now?"

"No. Lets talk about it a little first okay. That way you can calm down."

"I doubt if I will calm down much but okay let's talk."

"Okay. I have been thinking about this all morning. I want to have some rules. I
wrote them down. Here."

I gave him a piece of ruled paper stating.

 1. You won't do anything that will bruise me bad.
 2. You won't stick needles or pins in me.
 3. You won't do anything gross like peeing on me.
 4. You won't leave me hanging longer than fifteen minutes.
 5. You won't hit me anywhere yhat can leave a mark that can be seen     when I
wear shorts and a t-shirt.

"Can you live with those rules?

"God yes. I hadn't even thought about any of those things. Does Gross include
kissing my dick?"

"No I guess not. As long as it is clean it shouldn't be much different than
kissing a thumb."

"Great shall we get on with it. I want you to get naked."

"One last thing. I think we should have a practice whipping. If it turns out
that it hurts too bad the whole game is off. I have an old dress you can rip
like the one in the picture."

"How can I tell if it is too hard."

You can start easy and if it doesn't hurt much I will say harder until it is too
much."

"that sounds fair. Only I don't want you wearing anything under the dress."

"Okay. It is an old blue cotton dress you can't see through any way. I'll go put
it on."

end part one. Like it so far? Allene




                       Slav girl 2

I went upstairs to my room to change out of my baggy sweatshirt and jeans
remebering to take off the panties too.

I stopped for a moment to look at myself in the mirror. Maybe he was right. My
boobies didn't look gross and at least I had a flat tummy instead of the pot
belly a lot of the girls had. I turned and admired my nice round butt that
seemed meant for spanking.

I put on the blue dress. Tt had a square neckline and strings for shoulder
straps. It was too small for me even before I got boobs so it squeezed my boobs
to make cleavage visible but it wasn't any worse than models I had seen in the
Sears catalogue. When I raised my arms the hem was barely below my naked butt.
It was below it thugh so I thought it would be okay. I giggled thinking if the
whipping went well it wouldn't make any difference since there was no doubt his
first request would be for me to get naked.I kinda looked forward to that since
he thought I was pretty.

I got my whip out of the closet and swung it once through the air. It made a
whirring noise that made my nubbin twitch. It was a play ring master's whip
about four feet long with a tassle on the end made out of nylon string so it
would pop when you swung and stopped it.

I went downstairs and handed him the whip.
He said,"Wow. Are you sure this won't hurt much?"

It shouldn't it doesn't weigh much. Not as bad as a willow switch and Dad has
used one of those on me." That thought made my nubbin twitch again.

"Really? My Dad uses one on me. Do you have to take down your pants like I do?"

"I did that time but usually he uses a ping pong paddle on top of my jeans."

"You are lucky. That doesn't sound too bad."

"Oh yeah. It stings over the whole buttcheek."

He changed the subject by saying, "Are you ready?"

"Yes. I spent all morning getting things ready. I punched new buckle holes in
some horse hobbles to hold my wrists and tied them to the rope going to the
pulley in the ceiling Dad uses to bring hay bales down from the attic."

"Oh wow. I can't wait to see it."

We went out to the barn and he buckled the hobbles onto my wrists then pulled up
my arms with the rope until I was on my toes then tied it to a stall.

To my surprise he went into role playing by saying gruffly, "Alright slave. You
didn't obey so you will be whipped. Twenty lashes."

He jerked at the dress but the hem at the top was stronger than he thought so he
grabbed it with both hands and jerked as hard as he could. Surprising us both
the sholder strings broke too and the dress slid to the floor leaving me totally
naked.
He said, "Oh shit. I'm sorry. should I pull it back up?"

"I guess it is too late to worry about it now."

He came around to my front making me blush then said, "God you look beautiful
all stretched like that. Can I touch you?"

I really wanted him to but I said, "No. Remember whipping first to see if I want
to play this game."

He went back behind me and brought the whip down on my back. It was so easy the
tassles just tickled. I said "Harder."

He brought it a little harder across my naked butt and it still didn't sting. I
said "Harder."

This time he hit harder across my back stinging it and the tassles stung the
side of my boob."

I yelled, "Yes."

He got into it. He hit with the same strength up and down my back to my thighs
with the tassle always coming around to sting my front. At twenty he stopped and
came around to say, "Was that all right."

God was it! I was panting in excitement and I knew my little nubbin and my
nipples were hard. I just nodded my head because I didn't want to talk about it.

He said. "Okay slave. I am going to put my finger into your pussy and you are
going to like it."

He stuck his finger in me. I was so wet it slid in clear to his knuckles.

He seemed stunned and said, "God the whipping excited you. You are sopping wet."

I groaned, "Yes push it in and out of me."

He did but I wanted more and gasped, "Two fingers."

Even that wasn't enough and I said, "three fingers."

That filled my cunny completely and his middle finger on top was rubbing my
clit. I panted and twisted until I got the most wonderful release I had ever
had. I went limp and he pulled out his fingers to say, "You came. didn't you?"

I moaned,"Yes. It was wonderful."

He loosened the rope and unbuckled me. I stood there quivering Making no
objection while he squeezed and tugged at my boobs even when he pulled on the
nipples to make them look like cones.

Then he said in his gruff voice, "I made you cum slave now it is my turn. Get on
your knees and kiss my dick."

I unsnapped his jeans and unzipped them to let them fall to the floor. He wasn't
wearing shorts and his dick was so hard it pointed up nearly touching his
bellybutton. I kissed and licked the sides of it then he told me to put the head
in my mouth and lick it.He moaned, "Oh deeper and suck."

I pushed my head forward until it gagged me then sucked and squeezed it between
my lips while my head bobbed back and forth. Suddenly his dick jumped and the
snot like stuff went into my mouth. It didn't taste bad but it had a gross feel
so I took my mouth off and spit it out on the ground."

He said gruffly, "You will learn to swallow it next time slave."

I spit a few times and said, "I doubt it."

"If you don't swallow it next time you will get another whipping"

A whipping no longer frightened me and I said, "I would rather have the
whipping. That is gross."

"Maybe but it isn't on your list and I love whipping you."

"It never occurred to me."

His dick was soft now. I stared at it amazed at how little it got.

He noticed my stare and said, "It will get long and hard again. You will see to
that. Get on your hands and knees I want to run my dick back and forth in your
butt crack."

That seemed harmless so I got on my hands and knees then laid my head on my
folded arms like he wanted to stick my butt up in the air.

He began sliding his soft dick back and forth in my ass crack until I felt it
harden.

He got up and said "Roll over. I want to fuck your tits."

I had no idea how he could do that but rolled over.

He put his dick in my cleavage and squeezed my tits against it with his hands so
hard they must have been like rubber balls. He rocked back and forth pullin my
tits forward and back until he made a really weird face and lunged forward to
shoot his cum on my lips. Without thiking I licked it off.

He grinned and said, "I told you would learn to swallow cum."

It wasn't that much but I was ashamed I would do such a gross thing.

"So how did you like the ass and tit fucking?"

"My boobs ache a little from being squeezed so hard. The Ass fucking did nothing
for me except it seemed gross. It was like I was a dog being fucked."

"Speaking of that your damn dog fucks my leg everytime I come over here. I
wonder how he would like fucking you?"

"Oh no way. That is super gross!"

"It isn't on your list. A whipping then?"

"Shit I wish I had thought more about the list. I'll take the whipping."

Good. It is going to be different this time. I am going to whip your front."

"Oh shit. I have never had my front whipped. Just with the tassle. Okay?"

"Yeah. It is mainly the idea that turns me on. Dos your Dad have any of that
soft orlon rope?"

"Oh the soft rope he uses so their skin won't be cut if they struggle?"

"Yeah thats it. Does he have any?"

"I think so. look in the tackle room."

He ran over to it an came back with a coil of the rope. He took me to a stall to
back me up to it and wrapped rope around my biceps and the top pipe. That wasn't
uncomfortable but then he pulled my knnees up snd tied them to another pipe so I
was doing the splits."

He came around to my front and said, "Wow. That really opens you up. I can see
clear inside your pussy."

I blushed to my toes as I thought how obscene I must look and said, "Get the
whipping over with. This is really uncomfortable."

He took careful aim and swung the whip so the tassle made a light sting across
my bellybutton. He looked at me to see if I woulkd object and since I didn't say
anything he hit again  then one to my left boob it made me gasp so he stopped
but since I didn't say anything he hit the right one. It was just a little
sharper sting so I said. "Faster. Get it over with."

"Harder too?"

Yes dammit. Just get it over with, my hips are killing me."

He began hitting harder then made it go across my nipples. That sent a shock to
my clit and I moaned. he kept hitting just the nipples and I found myself nearly
to orgasm  He made that tassle go right into my gaping pussy stinging the tender
inner lips. that really stung but it also put me right on the edge of orgasm.

He said, "Too much?"

I was so close to orgasm I went crazy and moaned, "No."

He sent all last eight into my gaping hole even hitting my clit but I just went
from one orgasm to a stronger one.

When he untied me I just laid on the floor eith both hands pushing on my
stinging twat.

He said, "Are you okay?"

"Yes but I am through. Let's take a break."

End part two. Like it? Allene




                 Slave girl 3

We started back to the house and I told him to get naked too so he could feel
how great the sun and warm breezes felt on the skin. He loved it too.We went in
to the house and drank some pop then a beer way in the back I was sure Dad had
forgotten about.

I sat here idly caressing my pussy. It seeemed unreal it didn't hurt considering
what I thought were terrible stings at the time.

We talked about our experience with both of us marvelling at how exciting it had
been. Then out of the blue he said, "I think I would like to paddle your butt
like your Dad does."

"But I haven't disobeyed."

I know. I am just curious and you seem to like a little pain. Just a few, Okay?"

"Well maybe five easy ones."

"No ten. It will take five just to see how hard you want them."

We settled on eight and he grinned to let me know he would have settled for five
if I had kept bargaining.

He went into role play again saying, "No daughter of mine is going to drink my
beer. You are in for a spanking."

It was weird he said almost exactly what my Dad would say.

He had me lay over the table then told me to open my legs so my tummy and boobs
could press on it.

He hit my right cheek and a sting radiated directly to my pussy. It was weird.
Dad's spankings just hurt but being naked with my front rubbing on the table
made it a whole new dimension. Since I had just grunted he hit the other cheek a
little harder.That pain seemed to radiate right to my clit. By the time he was
through my pussy was soaking and to my surprise he drove his dick deep into it
then began pumping with his thighs slapping my red buns. It was great and since
he had cum before he was able to last until I had a great orgasm.

He stepped back and said, "God that was great. I got my dick in clear to my
balls."

"I know. I think you came close to touching bottom."

We laid on the couch hugging each other then he said, My dick is sticky. Clean
it off with your tongue."

"Oh God that is gross and I am too tired for another whipping."

"Too bad. Your rules."

It was weird I knew in the back of my mind that I could tell him to fuck off and
send him home but my stubborn pride made me want to comply with the rules I had
made.

"Shit. Okay."

He sat up and scooted forward and I knelt between his legs and began licking. I
knew it was my juices as well as his and was glad I didn't taste bad. I licked
every inch of him including the head and his balls.As I was moving his balls
around with my tongue I was amazed to see his dick harden again. I had heard
Highschool girls say their boyfriends could only get it up a few times.

He said, "I think I want to fuck your asshole."

"Oh that is gross. You will get shit all over your dick and I am sure you can
never get your dick in my tiny asshole."

"Not if I give you a few enemas."

"No. I haven't had an enema since I was little and I remember I didn't like it."

"Okay. This time I think I will paddle your tits."

God my butt was still stinging. I couldn't even imagine what it would feel like
on my nipples.

"Oh okay. Give me an enama."

He took me to the bathroom. and found Mom's douche bag and an enema nozzle. He
had me get in the tub and put my head on my arms then filled her douche bag to
the top with warm waterand hung it on the shower curtain rod. He jammed the
nozzle into my ass and I yelled, "Not so fast " but he just said, Too late it is
already in. He unclasped the valve on the rubber tube and I felt myself being
filled. Towards the end it began to hurt and I looked through my cleavage to see
I now had a pot belly.

He pulled out the nozzle and said, "Okay you can shit now."

"Good. Go outside."

"Noway. I want to watch this."

"I won't do it with you here."

"You will eventually."

The little bastard was right. I began getting cramps that got worse until I
jumped out of the tub to plop on the toilet just in time for a solid stream of
water to gush out. It was really embarrassing especially with the farting noises
that made him laugh.

I wiped and got up saying, "Happy now?"

"Oh wait. I forgot the soap. This baby shampoo should work. Get back in the
tub."

Only the thought of the paddle hitting my tits got me back in the tub again to
be filled to the point of cramps. I later found Mom only filled it half way for
enemas and only full for douches. No wonder I had cramps.

This time I flopped on the toilet as soon as the nozzle was pulled for the
relief of taking off the pressure. I wiped and started to flush it but he said.
"Wait let me check"

He looked at the water and said, "Sorry baby. It is still brown. I guess you
need one more."

"Oh come on. It is just a little tan."

"Suit yourself. You are the one who will be licking my dick afterward."

That thought made me nauseous and with a little sob I got back in the tub. This
time my butt must have become sore becuause the nozzle felt like it was
stretching me. I moaned, "Whats happening.My hole feels like it is being
stretched."

He giggled and said, "It is. I switched to the douche nozzle. I'll bet my dick
will fit now."

I moaned,"You bastard." Remembering that nozzle was so big my hand couldn't wrap
around it.He kept pushing and twisting on it while I squealed in pain until I
felt the wide end holding my ass crack open.

He fussed around with the deouche bag for a minute then turned it on. I felt it
filling me which is not bad at first but as I got fulller and fuller the cramps
started. I knew from experience this meant the bag was nearly empty. This time
though the water kept coming and the cramps got worse. I looked down and my
belly had got so big I looked like I was pregnant. All of a sudden I felt water
drip on my head. I looked up to see the flexible showerhead had been put in the
top of the bag for a neverending source of water. I said angrily, "Damn you!"
and reached back to jerk out the nozzle. I didn't make it to the toilet. As soon
as I pulled out the nozzle water shot out of my ass and kept coming as the
cramps subsided.

He laughed and said,"Hey at least it is clean water. You won't need another."

"You are mean. I don't want to play this game anymore."

"No way. You said we would play till sundown which is still a long way off. You
wanted to see how it would be to be a slave."

I couldn't argue with that. I was sure he would never had the nerve to ask me to
be a slave if I had not volunteered abd it was my fault I had not made more
rules. I thought that since my butt hole was already stretched I might as well
let him fuck me there.

"Well okay. You can fuck my butt."

"Great. Get down in the same head down position you were in the tub. I'll get
some vaseline to make it go in easier."

He got the vaseline which he pushed into my butt hole with his finger then he
had me suck him till he was hard and put the vaseline on his dick. I put on a
lot but it wasn't really necessary. My butt hole had been stretched enough for
hs dick to slide in easy.

It felt pretty good as he told me to tighten and loosen my butt muscles but I
knew I would never be able to cum from it until he reached around to play with
my nubbin. Now with his dick and fingers going I began climbing to my orgasm.
Unfortunately my butt clenching had really worked for him letting him cum before
me. I kinda felt cheated as his soft dick slipped out.

I hoped to be finished off and asked him if he wanted to play with my cunny but
he said, "No. I need a break. That cum hurt me. I have never came so many times
in a day. I think I would just like to play with you awhile."

His first game was, "Baby."  He got some talcum powder and put it all over my
butt and pussy then used a dishtowel to make me a diaper. He had me crawl around
on the floor saying "Goo'" for a long time. It did nothing for me but for some
reason he thought it was real funny and giggled as he watched me.

The next was "Model" He said his cousin Don had sent him a wild picture that he
wanted to see live. He showed it to me. It was a girl wearing a leather costume.
The top had holes in the bra that her boobs were pulled through to pinch them at
the bases and the bottom was just a leather strap going through her legs and to
a waist strap to make her pussy puffy around the edges.  what alarmed me though
was the fact she had rings in her nipples with weights on the end of a string.

I said, "No way you are going to poke holes in my nipples. That is one of the
rules."

"I know that, I have it figured out. I got some stuff ready. It is in a sack
outside in case your folks were still home."

He got the sack and pulled out some hay bale twine. He had me hold my tits out
by my nipples while he wrapped the twine around the base of my boobs till they
were round and hard as softballs then tied the string behind my neck to make
kind of a bra. The tight twine made my boobs throb and I thought if I ever wore
a bra I would get one like hers.
He took some rope out of the sack and tied it tight around my waist. Then he
tied another rope to it and ran it down the crack of my butt and through my slit
to tie to the front of my waist rope. As A final touch he pulled my outer lips
out to puff around it.

Then he took out a couple of big fish weights tied to a string he had made a
hangman's noose in. He put the loop of the noose around my nipple and tightened
it to make me gasp, "Oh it is too tight. It is hurting me."

"Shh. It has to be tight so it won't slip off." He put the other one on just as
tight and I stood there now with both my boobs and nipples throbbing.

He completed the costume by getting a pair of Mom's high heel shoes. They were a
little big for me and I had never walked in high heels so I felt a little off
balance. He told me to stand up straight and start walking. I was clumsy at
first and walking with little stumbles brought wild feelings all over.The
weights jerked on my nipples to make them throb more but what was really wild
was the rope between my legs. At first it hurt a little as it rubbed on my butt
hole and nubbin but then I got wet down there and it just fel good.

After walking around a bit he told me to trot. That made the weights jerk on my
nipples to make them hurt but it was kind of a good hurt. Then he told me to do
jumping jacks. I told him I couldn't do it in the shoes so he agreed to let me
take them off as long as I stayed on my toes. That was WILD! The weights jerked
real hard and y pussy opened and closed around the rope to make it seem it was
going deeper. He let me do it until I came and flopped to the floor all sweaty
and panting.

He just watched me a while then said,"God. All kinds of things make you cum."

He took off my costume and I found the blood rushing back to my tits and nipples
really hurt. He took off the rope then pulled my pussy lips open to say, "The
rope really made your pussy inside and your butt hole red. Do you have any
salve?"

"Oh yeah. I know just the thing. Dad has some horse balm in the tack room."

He ran to get it and then rubbed it up and down from my butt hole to the top of
my slit. God that felt so good! He asked me if I felt better and I told him I
was fine now because that balm had some kind of deadener in it.

"Good we may need it later. I have one more idea. Do you still have that leotard
you had when you were taking ballet lessons. I knew what he meant. It was made
of some stretchy material and when dad had seen it he had said,"Jesus she might
as well be naked. Thank God it isn't flesh colored."

Tom said."I know I remember seeing you in it. Even though you wore panties under
it you could see your little puffy cunt lips. I thought of you in it when I
jerked off."

I was so young at the time it never occurred to me that I looked sexy.

It was in Mom's Goodwill sack and I got it.

I had grown a lot since then. I managed to get it up to my waist although most
of the butt part slid into my butt crack. but it was too short to stretch up to
my boobs.

Tom said, "We can fix that. It is going to be thrown away anyway so I'll just
cut it in two."

He got the scissors and while I held it up he cut around the waist just below my
belly button.

I pulled up the top and went over to the nirror. I said, "Oh I see what Dad
meant. The seam in the crotch sinks in to make a perfect outline of my pussy.
The top is so tight it is flattening my tits to make me look younger."

Tom said, "Yeah. You look just like I had hoped. I have something to put inside
the leotard."

He reached into the feedsack to bring out a grocery sack he opened to show me he
had gathered hundreds of cockleburs. They are evil things if you step on one in
bare feet they hart like crazy and they will even flatten your bike tires.

I looked at them in horror and said "No. No! Remember no sticking."

"No. You said no needles or pins. They are long these are only about a quarter
inch."

"I don't care they will really hurt. I know I stepped on one once."

"Okay I'll tell you what. I will just give you one spank on your tit. You can
decide if you want nineteen more or if you want to wear the burrs."

"Seeing the burrs made the spanking seem not so bad. I said, "How long would I
have to wear the burrs."

"ten minutes tops. You can even set your Moms timer to make sure I don't cheat."

"It still seems a long time so I'll try the boob spank."

"Fine. Just pull down the top and put your arms on your head while pushing out
your tits."

I think it may have been better to be tied. To have to pose that way made it
seem I was helping him hurt me.

When he was satisfied I was pushing out enough he brought the ping pong paddle
so hard on my nipple my tit went flat. My whole boob stung but especially my
poor nipple."

"I screamed, "No more. I'll take the burrs."

He got the timer and I set it to ten minutes knowing I was cheating a little
since nothing had happened yet but he didn't object.

He had me hold out the back of the leotard then put on a leather glove to grab a
handful of burrs to jam down clear to the crotch. I began to whimper feeling the
needles sticking the edges of my butt hole and all up the buttcrack. He
sprinkled a bunch more into the back and told me to let it go.

I squealed as hundreds of needles stuck into me. I remembered Mom whining when
she stuck a needle into her finger while sewing. She should try this!

He had me hold out the front and I again felt a pang of guilt about helping him.
He got a handful then jammed in his fist his middle finger parted my cunny lips
and when he took out his hand they closed over a couple of burrs to make me
squeal in pain. He sprinkled more down into the panties and told me to let go.
This time I just let it go back slowly but I could still feel the needles
digging all the way from my crotch to my lower belly.

He had me hold out the top and just dumped in the rest of the sack but then he
moved a few to make sure they would be on my nipples. The top was so tight even
though I very slowly let it go back the needles stuck every inch of my boobs

I stood there shaking from the pain to every inch of my sexy parts but he wanted
more.

"Okay I want you to do the goose step like we saw in the history class movie."

I just stood there cringing at that idea until he said, "Am I going to have to
spank your butt to get you moving."

I knew that would really drive them in so I whimpered "No," and began marching.
You can't imagine how bad that was. My legs going straight out from my waist
then hitting the floor made more burrs go into my pussy and butt crack and the
exaggerated swing of my arms buried the burrs in my boobs.

By the second circuit of the room tears were flowing down my cheeks so he felt
sorry for me and let me stop. I immediately opened my legs in an effort to take
the pressure off the burrs in my poor pussy.

He said, "Do you want to cut the time down to a minute?"

I whined, "God yes."

"Okay."

He tied a rope around my wrists and said the minute would start when I was in
position.

he led me out to the barn and every step was torture as the burrs dug in. Then
he led me over to one of the gates made of two inch pipe and told me to climb up
and straddle the pipe.

I said, Oh god. That will drive the burrs deep inside me."

"Yep. That is the idea. Either that or you goose step and do jumping jacks."

I just moaned again feeling guilty by helping him torture me and gingerly sat
straddling the pipe with my feet on a lower pipe. He pulled my wrist rope over
to the vertical pipe by the hinges and pulled me Forward. I squealed as the pipe
pushed burrs into my pubic bone. then he began wrapping rope around my body from
the top of my boobs to the bottom driving the burrs in as deep as they would go.

He started the timer and sat it on the ledge where I could see it. I thought
nothing could be worse than this but I was wrong. he jerked my feet off the pipe
and began pulling down on one then the other to make me rock and drive the burrs
into my puss and butt hole. I had no idea a minute could be so long.
Finally there was a "Ding." The minute ws up. It had seemed like an hour."

I was so weak from the constant pain he had to help me down.

He unwrapped the rope then took off the leotard. None of the burrs fell to the
ground because they were either stuck to the leotard or to me. He laid me on my
back on a straw bale which stuck my naked back but it was nothing compared to
the burrs and now I could open my legs as far as possible. He came back from the
tack room with a needle nose pliers he used to pull out the burrs buried in my
pussy and asshole. It hurt having them drug out but the relief when they were
gone made it worth it.

He got the horse balm and rubbed it in and on my pussy and butt hole then over
my boobs which were covered with tiny drops of blood.

It felt wonderful and I was amazed the balm could work on even that pain.

I said, "I feel better now but no more torture. Okay?"

"Sure I am out of ideas anyway but seeing you squirm on that pipe has me hard.
Should we fuck?"

"Uhuh it will help me forget the pain."

He climbed on top of me which pushed straw into my butt and back but it was okay
once his wonderful dick started going in and out. By then he could last a long
time and I had two orgasms.

Our folks would be home in a couple of hours so he went home and I went to bed.

Amazingly thinking about the tortures excited rather than horrified me and I
masturbated my self to sleep.

End part 3




                             Slave girl 4

 School was now out for the sunner and I hadn't seen Tommy since our slave game
so I went to his house to find he had gone to camp for two weeks. I was pissed
off that he would rather go to camp than be with me but I later found out his
folks had paid in advance and forced him to go.

I found I couldn't get great orgasms anymore just from masturbation. I thought
about whipping myself but our house is about as far from soundproofed as
possible. I could hear our grandfather clock ticking downstairs and I knew they
would hear the slaps.

For a whole week I could only get tiny orgasms and was desperate.

I was in our kitchen looking at the black woman's picture and sipping a coke
when Daddy came ibto the kitchen and started rummaging around in the fridge. He
pulled out his head and said, "Dammit. I know I had a bottle of beer in here.
Did you drink it?"

I knew that even a Dadddy spanking might help and quickly admitted, "Yes Daddy.
I wanted to know if it would make me feel funny. I know I was bad I deserve a
spanking."

"You sure as Hell do. go get over the table."

"No Daddy I was badder than that. I deserve the willow switch."

I saw a bulge grow in his pants as he said, "You mean like last time on your
panties?"

"No I was badder than that. I should be naked and hung by my wrists like this
lady. See. She probably wasn't as bad as me."

I showed him the picture and watched the bulge in his pants get bigger as he
looked at me. I had lost the shyness of my boobs and was wearing a cutoff
T-shirt that showed bumps at the nipples and my flat tummie.

He must have seen me looking at his crotch because he suddenly sat at the table
to hide it. He said thoughtfully, "You are really grown up for thirteen. Maybe
you are too old for childish butt spankings."

"Oh I am grown up Daddy. Mom even got me birth control pills just in case I was
raped or something."

"Really. She never told me. Why did she do that."

"She saw me naked in the tub and said, "You are was too sexy looking for your
age and a pedophile might grab you. It would be bad enough to be raped but worse
if you got pregnant."

"Does the idea of getting raped scare you?"

"No. Mom said if it happened just to cooperate because if I fight I may get hurt
or killed."

"Are you really that grown up?"

"Sure Daddy. Look."

I stood up and pulled the T-shirt up to my chin to show him my boobs that were
bigger than my gym teachers although that wasn't saying much.

He dropped his hand into his lap and looked real embarrassed then said, "I'll
have to think about your spanking."

I saw him fussing with his pants. He stood up and I saw he hadn't hidden
anything. He had just moved his dick so I saw a bulge from his crotch to the top
of the pocket of his jeans.

He left saying, "Don't tell Mom you showed me your boobies."

"Oh no Daddy. I can keep a secret. I didn't tell her about my switching."

He gulped and said,"Good." then left.

I knew from Tommy that whipping me would really excite him and I daydreamed
about his dick that looked twice as big as Tommy's. It would fill every inch of
my pussy.

That night I got a lot bigger orgasm from imagining him driving that monster
into my little pussy.

I was not about to let him forget. I got one of my cutoff jeans and cut them
even shorter until you could see the bottom of my butt cheeks and even more when
I bent over. Then I cut the neck out of one of my t-shirts so it was just held
up by my shoulders finally cutting off more of my waist so when I lifted my arms
the bottom of my boobs showed.

"when Mom saw me she said, "Jesus Allene. That outfit is way too sexy for you."

"Aw Mom. It is really hot outside. I won't wear it where strangers may see me."

She said doubtfully, Well maybe it will be alright just around the ranch but try
to remember not to bend over."

"Oh no Mom I am a lady. See."

At that I bent my knees to squat with my shoulders back so my butt cheeks or
cleavage didn't show to touch the floor.

"Good. Remember if you have to pick something up from the ground do it that
way."

 I went out and followed Dad around all day while he fixed fences. I took every
opportunity to bend over in front of him to show my buttcheeks or to let the
shirt fall open so he could see my boobs clear to the nipples but even  when I
faked the need to stretch revealing the undersides of both boobs he showed
restraint. I knew I was getting to him from the bulge in his pants but he didn't
say anything.

Then out of the blue he said, "Do you masturbate Allene? Don't be embarrassed by
it. Most kids your age do."

"Oh you mean like when I rub my finger on my little nubbin and even stick
fingers inside."

"Yeah. That explains the spot of blood Mom found on your sheet a year or two
ago. You must have broken your hymen."

"What is that."

"It is just a thin piece of skin that covers the hole in your vagina which
proves you are a virgin."

"Oh that is why it hurt for a second when I jammed in three fingers. But the
pain went away real fast."

"What do you think about when you masturbate?

"A man sticking his penis deep in me like they talked about in Sex ED. I know it
is naughty to do that before marriage so I always imagine I am spanked or
whipped along with it so I won't feel guilty."

"So you don't feel guilty if you are spanked afterward."

"No. you know you guys always forgive me for whatever I have done after
spanking. If I want to kiss his penis like the highschool girls talk about I
imagine I am whipped first."

"Oh God. I don't think we should talk about this anymore. Let's go back to the
house."

That stopped my teasing with Mom there and he seemed relieved."

I decided he needed a bigger push and so the next day. I cut strips out of a
deerhide Dad used to patch saddles and braided them into a whip as close as I
could get to the one in the picture. It was soft though and not as thick as the
one in the picture but I was sure it would work.

I put it in a sack and carried it out to the field where Dad was fixing a gate.

I went up to him and said, "I made something for you Daddy."

"Really? What?"

I pulled out the whip and said, "This. It is for the whippig I owe for drinking
beer. I know you have to be twenty-one to drink. Feel how soft it is. You could
even hit my front with it. My boobies are more sensitive than my butt."

That did it. He felt the whip and his dick got so hard I thought it might burst
from his jeans.

He gulped and said, "Do you really think you deserve this."

"Oh yes. At least twenty maybe thirty. There is a rope hanging down in the barn
like in the picture and I poked new holes in some horse hobbles to hold my
wrists. It won't hurt long if you rub me with the horse balm after. That would
make me feel so grateful I would kiss your penis. Highschool girls say guys love
that."

"Oh Jesus. Mom is going to run a church auction Sunday. We will do it then. We
will have all day. The hobbles are a great idea the sheep wool won't let your
wrists get chafed."

I said, "Oh yes. I can hang as long as you want."

"Oh Jesus. Let me see what I will be whipping."

I pulled off my T-shirt and shorts. I wasn't wearing panties cause I liked the
feel of the crotch seam on my slit. Then I stretched my arms up as high as I
could. I had practised in front of my mirror and knew that made my tummy shrink
so much my ribs showed and my boobs lifted.

He came over to run his hand over my tight tummy and firm boobs then he said,
"Oh God. Go back to the house. I am out of will power."

Later I saw him go into the barn. I snuck up and peeked through a crack in the
wall. He was staring at the rope and rubbing his dick which was just as big as I
had hoped. I realized this was a private moment and snuck away.

It was Saturday. I only had that night to wait. Thinking of what was to come
gave me a really good orgasm and I went to sleep knowing that would make the
time go fast.

I woke early and put on my t-shirt and shorts and went down to the kitchen. I
was too excited to eat so just sipped coffee Waiting impatiently for Mom to
leave. Dad was outside checking the oil in her car. She made me crazy fussing
around While I was dying.

Finally she settled on just the right dress, shoes and gloves and walked out the
door I heard her say. "I won't be home until about eight so you will have to
reheat the leftovers in the fridge for supper. There is sandwich meat for
lunch."

Dad was impatient too and said, "Don't worry we will be fine. You had better go
before you are late."

"Oh if I leave now I will be there early but I guess I should to help with the
snacks."

"Dad held open her door saying,"Definitely."

She made us both crazy by pausing to say, "My. How gentlemanly. You haven't held
my door for years. You would think you are anxious to get rid of me."

"Don't be silly. Call if you will be late."

She started out the driveway. Dad and I watched until she was out of sight then
I came out.

He said,"God I didn't think she would ever leave."

I said, Me either. I'll go get the hobbles."

He had second thoughts, "Are you sure about this? You really don't mind a
whipping on your back and even your front? You know you will end up real red."

"That's okay. If I am still red when Mom comes home I will wear my flannel
nightie."

He knew the one I meant. It covered me from neck to ankles.

I ran to the barn and got my hobbles to hand to him and held out my wrists for
him to put them on knowing I needed to be as helpful as possible to keep him
from losing his nerve.

He said, "Wait. Shouldn't you take off the shirt first the hobbles will be in
the way."

"It is an old shirt. You can rip it off me when I am hung up like the woman
except you pull down my shorts too."

I saw his dick jump then he put on the hobbles and hooked them to the rope. He
pulled down on the rope to lift my arms but stopped when I was still flat
footed. "I gasped., "Higher. Just my toes should touch the floor."

He lifted me on up and tied the rope to the stall.  I said, My ankles sould be
tied to the stakes so I won't twist. He looked down to see the stakes with short
ropes I had prepared the night before making sure the ropes were short enough to
open my legs.

I spread my legs clear to the stakes to be helpful and he tied them there with
my feet about three feet apart.

Even then he needed to justify what he was doing.

He said shakily, "You know you deserve this. Beer drinking is not only naughty
it is against the law."

I said, "Yes Daddy. I would much rather you whipped me than have to go to jail."

That must have been the perfect thing to say because he immediately came to me
and ripped off the shirt and unbuttoned the shorts to jerk them down and off my
legs.

He took off his shirt to show the farm work had given him a broad chest and
ridged tummy. He looked like a greek god.

He stepped back and swung the whip across my buttcheeks it stung a little but
not much and the second was no worse.

"I said, "Those don't count. They didn't hurt."

"Are you sure? They made you red."

"Anything makes me red I have really white skin but it is tough."

"Okay thirty it is. Fifteen back. Fifteen front. Do you want to count?"

"No Daddy I trust you."

I actually hoped if it excited me as much as I imagined that he may give me even
more.

Now he began hitting harder to make a real sting. I kept my reaction to just
little gasps to keep from scaring him.

He hit my butt four times and I hoped they would not all land there but then I
made a louder gasp as the  thongs went to the back of my thigh to sting the
tender inside."

To the surprise of both of us I moaned, "Oh yes."

That emboldened him. He hit the other thigh with the tip of the whip grazing my
pussy then the other side a little lower. His aim got better, now more barely
grazed my pussy lips then two in a row at the top of my butt with the tips
coming around to sting my pubic bone and lower tummy.  that must have been
fifteen. because he moved to my other side to bring it across my belly button
then one lower to sting my pubic bone. He began going up as I watched the red
climbing through my cleavage. Then I saw my boobs jump as a deep sting enveloped
them just below my nipples. Another above my nipples, another below and my
excitement was near peak. Then He hit across both nipples for the strongest
sting of all. I squealed not so much from the pain as from the orgasm it gave
me.

He stopped and said, "Are you okay?"

I moaned, "Yes. I only have one white place left. Hit it."

He looked at me increduously and at my only white place. My pussy below the
pubic bone.

He hit down diagonally to cover both lips and again. Then as I hung there
panting, sweating and quivering from powerful orgasms he moved to the other side
to hit diagonally there then went behind me and brought the tips up between my
legs to go into my slit and cause a powerful sting to my clit. I exploded in
orgasm.

It was too much for him. He dropped his pants and buried his dick in my sopping
pussy then grabbed my stinging butt cheeks to jerk me back and forth hitting his
thighs as it went deeper than I thought possible. I came twice more before he
grunted and pulled me to him as hard as he could. I Felt his dick jump inside me
while he flooded my pussy with his cum.

I was so out of it I hardly noticed his untying me until I fell into his arms.
He had done some preparation too. The old mattress that had been in the attic
was on the floor of the tack room. He carried me to it then begn putting the
horse balm all over me. I almost regretted the sting fading away.

I soon recovered and when he was caressing my pussy I said, "Thank you Daddy.
That feels wonderful."

"Are you angry because I hit your little puss."

"Oh no. I deserved to be hit on my most sensitive places. If I am naughty again
my most sensitive places are my inner thighs close to my pussy, my pussy, and my
nipples."

He grinned and said, "You shouldn't have said that. Maybe next time I will just
hit those places."

"Oh Daddy. Thank you. I was afraid there may not be a next time."

"Oh yes. Many more times. Now did you mean it about being grateful."

I knew what he meant and rather than answer I  slid down and began kissing and
licking his dick finally taking the head in my mouth and bobbing back and forth
from the tip of his dick to the back of my mouth to gag.

In a few moments he came and I swallowed every precious drop.

We played until seven oclock when we went into the house to make sure Mom
wouldn't catch us but even in there I sat on his lap holding my flannel nightie
up to my neck while he kissed and bit on my nipples to pull them out while his
fingers probed deeply into my pussy. I ran up to my room when I heard the crunch
of Mom's car tires on the driveway.

I was near orgasm again so I finished myself off.  Then thought. Fuck Tommy who
needs him. I have Daddy.

End part four.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





