BDSM Library - Domestic Slavery




Domestic Slavery
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: My first attempt at writing B&D or dom/sub stories. Although the events didn't happen EXACTLY as described, practically all of them HAVE happened to me in very much this way at one time or another... so this is by far the "truest" of all my stories and -- in a way -- shows the kind of Mistress/slave games I'd love to play in real life.
Domestic Slavery - part 1
by "Des Mios"

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The telephone on my desk rang. I answered it, and my secretary said, "It's your
wife."

"Hello, Handsome!" said the soft voice I knew so well. As I replied, shivers ran
down my spine, because she had used the nickname that told me she was speaking
as my "Bondage Mistress."

"I have something special for your dinner tonight," she continued. "Why don't
you come an hour or so early, so that we can get into the right mood?"

I could feel my crotch beginning to bulge as I protested that I had an important
meeting to attend that afternoon, but I knew it wouldn't do me any good.

"That's your problem, isn't it?" she chuckled. "But don't worry, I'll wait for
you... and maybe while I'm waiting I can think of a little extra something to
whip up for you!" -- which meant, I knew, that I could expect some extra tight
bondage and probably some "discipline" for not coming home when she wanted me
to.

I promised to be home as early as I could, and we said goodbye; I hung up
wondering how in hell I'd be able to concentrate in my meeting, with the
exciting prospect of an evening's bondage fun and games to distract me.

It wasn't easy, but I managed to get through the meeting without making it too
obvious that my mind was really elsewhere. But once my car and on the freeway I
relaxed a little and my mind started to wander....

Sue and I had been together for about six years, and for the last four of these
we'd been enjoying games that involved bondage, discipline and slavery; nearly
always Sue would dominate and bind me, because I got more fun out of the
sensations than she did... especially the feeling of being a helpless prisoner
who must obey every command of my Mistress and submit to her every whim. We
usually had a "session" about once a week, sometimes lasting just an hour or
two, but mostly the whole evening and occasionally I would spend a full day or
even a weekend shackled or bound in some way or other.

One of Sue's favourite games -- and mine, too! -- was to call me at my office,
like she'd done today, and use our pre-arranged signals to warn me that she
wanted me to be her slave that evening; she knew only too well that the
anticipation was a big part of the fun for me!

My anticipation was becoming almost unbearable by the time I drove into our
garage. I wondered where Sue would be waiting to "capture" me this time, but I
wasn't prepared for the large note taped to the door into the house. It read:

"You've kept me waiting, slave, so now I'll make you wait, too. Go straight into
your bondage room, strip and put on what I've laid out for you. Then kneel and
bend over the discipline bench, put your wrists into the handcuffs and wait for
me. Do NOT move... except maybe to tremble while you imagine what I might do to
you for keeping me waiting.

YOUR MISTRESS"

I was trembling -- more with excitement than fear! -- as I hurried to obey these
instructions. The "bondage room" was one we'd set aside entirely for that
purpose: it was full of equipment, from a large bench with rings at each corner
to cuffs and ropes and spanking paddles and so on neatly arranged on wall racks.
But I had eyes only for the things laid out on the bench -- ankle cuffs with a
24-inch spreader bar, my briefest "slave pants", and our big padded "muffle
helmet".

Getting myself ready was a bit strange. Normally Sue "captured" me and stripped
and dressed me herself, after locking me into a collar or waist-strap. Now, my
fingers fumbled with buttons and zippers and laces as I stripped quite naked,
hanging my clothes neatly in the small closet, then put on the ankle cuffs with
their spreader bar and locked the belt of the slave pants aroud my waist. My
cock was standing up so stiff that it was quite difficult to force it into the
pouch of soft but strong leather and clip the narrow crotch-strap passing
between my legs and buttocks to the back of the belt. These slave pants left my
ass-cheeks completely bare!

I positioned myself kneeling beside the bench before putting on the helmet,
which covered my head completely and was so thickly padded that, as well as
rendering me blind and speechless, I couldn't hear a sound! Finally, I bent
forward, resting my belly and chest on the low bench, stretched my arms over my
head and snapped the handcuffs -- strategically fastened to a ring in the wall
-- around my wrists. Trying hard not to squirm at the erotic pressure of the
pouch on my throbbing prick, I settled down to wait for my Mistress.

Inside the helmet it seemed like hours were passing; and it must have been at
least 45 minutes that I waited, my knees starting to ache and eventually feeling
just a little afraid that something had gone wrong and Sue couldn't come to
release me. I shifted slightly to ease the pressure on one knee... and jumped in
shock as -- without any warning at all -- a paddle landed sharply across my
buttocks. Sue must have crept in and, knowing I couldn't hear her, had announced
her presence in a very dramatic way!!!

My prick had shrunk to normal size during my wait; now it tried to burst out of
its pouch, and my ass-cheeks twitched and tensed in anticipation of another
blow. It came after a couple of minutes, and was followed at irregular intervals
by about a dozen more; Sue knew that a slow spanking gave me the thrill of
wondering when the next one would fall, and this time it was more exciting than
ever, not even hearing the swish of the descending paddle.

My ass-cheeks were very warm and tingling -- but not too painfully! -- when at
last the helmet was partly undone and a familiar voice whispered in my ear.
"Gave you quite a surprise there, didn't I, my poor slave?" Then, more sternly,
"That was your penalty for not coming home when I told you to -- an 'extra
something' I whipped up while I was waiting, d'you see? But you have three more
strokes to come for moving three times while you were waiting... against my
clear orders. I was watching, you know."

The helmet was re-fastened, and I tensed my buttocks... but the three strokes --
with what felt like a cane or riding-crop -- landed in quick succession across
the backs of my thighs instead. My Mistress always seems to be able to catch me
by surprise!

After a few moments I felt the spreader bar being removed from between my
ankles, but it was immediately replaced by something shorter. My handcuffed
wrists were released from the wall and I was helped upright, though still on my
knees. Next I felt a cord passed around my cock and balls and pulled snug, then
tied fairly closely to my handcuffs. Finally, the helmet was removed and I
blinked at the light and saw my Mistress for the first time that evening.

She was standing in front of me, smiling and looking magnificent in a long
scarlet sheath dress and elbow-length white gloves on her bare arms. Sue is
small and slim with a beautifully lithe and shapely body; her hair is honey-
blond and she was wearing it short at the time, accentuating her long smooth
neck and subtly framing her lovely face with its flashing blue eyes now looking
at me with amusement. I wanted to tell her I adored her, but I knew better than
to speak before being spoken to.

"Well..." she said very slowly, looking me up and down. "Is my slave properly
sorry for getting home so late?"

"Yes, Ma'am, very sorry," I replied humbly.

"And d'you think you deserved to have your bottom paddled for it?"

"Oh yes, Mistress, I deserved every one of those strokes. Thank you for
punishing me so appropriately. And... Ma'am...?" I finished tentatively, and she
nodded to give me permission to add "Perhaps I'll learn my lesson even better by
thinking it over in tight...."

"... bondage," she interrupted with a broad grin. "Don't worry, you'll have a
very good chance to think about your shortcomings later... and I'll probably
pull the ropes a bit tighter for suggesting it, as if you thought I might let
you off with just that spanking. But right now I'm thirsty after that
exercise... and I might even let you have a drink too. Come along; follow me."

I had no choice but to obey as Sue helped me to my feet, then tugged -- gently
but firmly -- on the leash she'd attached to my cock and balls. Our walk into
the living-room was a little slow due to the 9-inch hobble chain between my
ankles, but once there Sue made herself comfortable in a big armchair while I
fixed her a drink, hobbled over to serve it to her, then hobbled back to the bar
to fix one for myself.

It wasn't all that easy to handle bottles and glasses without being able to
raise my hands above waist level (because of the cord between my prick and the
handcuffs), but I'd had plenty of practice at this! Of course, I had to drink
mine through a straw, bending over the low bar. ("Your cheeks are such a pretty
cherry-pink colour," laughed Sue, almost making me choke.)

After only a few minutes, Sue told me to finish my drink quickly, because she
wanted to continue with dinner preparations, and she thought I should be "kept
out of mischief" while she did so.

She made me sit on a straight-backed wooden chair, after covering the seat with
a large piece of studded leather with the points up ("...to remind you of your
punishment for being late," she grinned). Removing the handcuffs, she pulled my
arms behind the chair back and strapped my wrists and elbows firmly together and
ran a strap around my chest and upper arms and another around my waist and
wrists. Finally she looped a rope around my neck and used the other end to draw
my crossed ankles up into a yoga-like position, and left me there to watch the
news on TV.

It certainly wasn't very comfortable, bound so tightly with my tender ass-cheeks
resting on those studs. But the discomfort itself was exciting as I pushed
against the tightness of the knots and straps. Sue went about the final dinner
preparations, looking in on me occasionally to chuckle at the sight and saying,
"Wait till you see what other fun and games I've planned for tonight, my poor
prisoner!" She wouldn't tell me what they were, of course -- she knew that my
imagination, and my excitement, were running wild!

"Dinner's ready," she said cheerfully after a while, and began to release me
from the chair. Linking my wrists and ankles with 18-inch chains, she led me
into the kitchen. "Serve up two plates, but leave one in the warmer. You will
serve me my dinner first, then you can eat yours while I eat my dessert."

I did as I was told, and carried Sue's dinner carefully on a tray into the
living-room, where she ate sitting at a low table while I waited on her with the
wine. When she finished, she ordered me to fetch my plate and put it on the
mantelpiece.

"With that sore bottom of yours, you'd better eat standing up," she smiled as
she unlocked the chain from my ankles and attached another around my neck to the
wrist chain, then positioned me astride a low armchair under the mantel. "You
may eat now," she said. "I'll see to my own dessert."

The neck chain allowed my hands to reach the food and put it into my mouth, so I
started to eat. I wondered what was for dessert... until Sue sat in the chair I
was straddling and positioned her face near my crotch; then I knew!

"I've been looking forward to this for hours," she grinned up at me as she
unclipped the crotch-strap of my 'slave pants'. "A big tasty creamy dick!" Her
tongue lapped gently at the head of my swollen member, sending a ripple of
pleasure up my spine. "Ah... delicious!"

My dinner was delicious too, but it was hard to concentrate on eating with Sue's
clever fingers and even cleverer tongue and lips stroked, nibbled and flicked at
my sensitive cock. Several times I bit my tongue or nearly choked when she hit
particularly sensitive spots... and she knew plenty of those!

She kept my excitement building up until I had just swallowed the last of my
meal; then, with a fingertip on that spot just behind my balls, a hand firmly
holding the shaft of my cock and its head deep in her mouth, she took the warm
jet of my spunk as I jerked and gasped in my climax. I wondered vaguely -- as
the waves of pleasure engulfed me -- whether I would ever be able to eat that
dish again without getting a hard-on!

A minute later I looked down at Sue licking the last drops of fluid from the tip
of my cock, and asked, "Do I get my dessert now, boss-lady?"

"Patience, my boy," came the laughing reply. "Yours will come in good time. I
wonder if it'll taste as good as mine did. I really enjoyed that!"

It was some time before I got my 'dessert'; my Mistress was determined to
'punish' me properly for coming home late. Besides, I'd asked for some tight
bondage... and I got it!

Back in the bondage room, Sue put me in a very tight spreadeagle, face up on the
bench, with extra straps holding my knees, elbows, waist and shoulders down
firmly. After attaching two spring-loaded clothespins to my nipples and putting
a little tension on them with thin cord, she left me in the dark "... to think
over your misdeeds."

About an hour later she returned. She'd taken of her dress and was wearing
nothing but brief black satin bra and panties. She looked gorgeous! "Well, my
bad lad," she said as she removed the straps over my body, "are you properly
repentant yet?"

"Yes, Mistress," I replied, glad to be able to move again, even if only a
little. My wrists and ankles were still tightly stretched.

"Are you sure?" she asked, passing a strap under my waist and over a pulley,
then drawing my body up into an uncomfortable arch.

"Yes, yes," I cried. "Your slave is very, very sorry he disobeyed you!"

This exchange continued for what seemed a long time. Sue loved tormenting me by
tickling, pinching, scratching and slapping my helpless naked body; she knew I
loved it too, and she pretended not to be convinced by my apologies until she'd
worked me up to her satisfaction.

My prick was stiff with excitement again by the time she said, "OK, I'll believe
you, so long as you show me how sorry you are by giving me a good tongue-bath."

She released me from the spreadeagle but immediately strapped my wrists and
elbows into a single-sleeve behind my back. Removing her bra, she lay down on
the deeply padded couch and ordered me to begin. I needed no encouragement and
started in, under her guiding hands.

Sue moaned with pleasure as I ran my tongue in circles over her flat belly,
flicked it up and down the insides of her smooth thighs, and especially as I
licked and sucked strongly on her deep red nipples, turning them into hard knobs
of pure arousal. I could see her panties getting damp with her juices, and the
sexy female aroma was driving me crazy, but she didn't let me get too close to
that centre of passion. She always enjoyed building up her desire as slowly as
possible before actually allowing her pussy to be touched.

After a little while she could wait no longer. "Time for your dessert," she said
as she positioned me kneeling at the foot of the couch and used a rope over a
pulley to draw my wrists upwards, forcing my face down to the level of the
couch. Lying down in front of me, she lifted her hips and made me remove her
soaked briefs with my teeth, then straddled my head with her soft white thighs
and told me to start.

She came almost as soon as my tongue touched her love-bud, clenching her legs
around my neck and moaning softly. I continued to lap, suck, nibble and stroke
my tongue deep inside her while she came several more times, each time more
violently than the last, until she was crying aloud in ecstasy, pulling on my
hair and squeezing her thighs so hard that my ears rang and I could hardly
breathe!

At last she pushed me away, untied the rope holding my wrists, and made room for
me on the couch beside her.

"You did have a good appetite for dessert, didn't you?" she murmured
contentedly, stroking my naked body gently.

"You bet, Mistress," I grinned. "It tasted so good, I could have kept eating all
night."

"Could you now? Sometime I might take you up on that, but you might find it a
bit uncomfortable, tied like that all night."

"I wouldn't have much choice, would I, especially if I deserved it for being
very disobedient," I said with a wink.

"You're quite disobedient enough as it is, smart-ass," she retorted with mock
severity. "Not to mention cheeky. I don't think you've really learned your
lesson tonight after all."

"Oh yes, Mistress," I protested. "I have, really I have! Please don't punish me
any more!"

But I could tell by the look in her eyes that my protests would do no good at
all, just as she knew perfectly well that I could take much longer 'sessions' of
bondage than this. What was really on my mind at that moment, as my Mistress
prepared to put me into another tight bondage position, was that my crotch was
aching with my desire for her. I wanted nothing more than to plunge my iron-hard
cock deep into her pussy; but our 'rules' said that I must never, ever suggest
that to her, because a slave has NO such rights at all unless his Mistress
kindly grants them.

I needn't have worried, however. No sooner had Sue positioned me face up across
the couch, my ankles and wrists connected by a rope underneath and a pillow
under my hips to raise them, than she climbed up on the couch too! She stroked
my cock gently for a few moments to make sure it was hard, then she knelt
astride my raised hips and slowly impaled herself on me until she was resting
firmly on me with my prick as deep inside her as it could be.

We don't do this often -- we really prefer to screw with all our legs and arms
free -- but occasionally we both tremendously enjoy the variety of fucking with
one of us bound... almost always me! And Sue always thinks of a new position to
bind me when she feels like fucking her helpless slave... and I just love being
that helpless slave!

Slowly Sue rocked back and forth, then began to rotate her supple body in a
circular fashion. "Are you learning your lesson now, slave?" she panted as she
started moving up and down on my rampant cock, at the same time raking her
fingernails across the tautly stretched skin of my belly and chest.

"Yes, yes, yes!" I gasped in time with her strokes. "Teach me more, please,
Mistress!" She tweaked my nipples, still sensitive from the grip of the
clothespins, gave me little pinches in all sorts of places, pulled at single
hairs on my chest, and sometimes reached behind her to caress my balls or that
very sensitive spot just behind them.

Our breathing grew heavier and faster as Sue skillfully built up our excitement.
She continued to tease me about "learning your lesson" and I responded
appropriately, until at last I was too short of breath to speak... and soon
after that Sue herself stopped talking.

She was doing her best to help me last as long as possible, but eventually
neither of us could wait any longer. Her breasts bouncing gloriously, her hands
clutching the skin on my chest, she started pumping faster and faster,
increasing the pleasure in my rigid shaft to almost unbearable heights. I began
to buck my hips and strain against my tight bonds, which only intensified the
pleasure; then I cried out as my orgasm swept over me and Sue pushed herself
firmly down on my cock as its thick fluid spurted deep into her.

She waited a few moments, then quickly lifted herself up and turned so that her
pussy was above my face. Happily I licked and sucked our mingled juices out of
her cunt while she squeezed the last drops out of my prick with both hands and
contentedly licked it clean. Then she turned again and stretched her beautiful
soft, warm body on top of mine, and held my face between her hands.

"I think you learned that lesson very well, my sexy slave," she whispered, her
eyes full of satisfaction and love.

A few minutes later, free of bondage for the first time that evening, I carried
my wonderful Mistress... tormenter... lover... wife to bed, where we lay
entwined in each other's arms and drifted quickly into exhausted but very
satisfied sleep.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Desmios


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





