BDSM Library - My Cousin's slave




My Cousin's slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: My 14 year old cousin and his friend make me in to thier slave even though I am almost twice their age.
My Cousin's slave
by Emma No Knickers

Ever since I could remember I had always had these dreams of being made to do
all kinds of embarrassing and humiliating things. Most of my masturbation
fantasies consisted of me being put in shameful situations usually always naked
or dressed in something childish and humiliating.

I still live with my mum even though I am twenty-seven and although I have had a
few boyfriends none has ever done anything that has really sparked my fire so to
speak.

At tea one evening my mum casually informed me that we were having houseguest's
for the summer. My cousin Simon and his friend Carl were coming to stay. I did
not see Simon all that often and had never paid him much attention and never
even seen Carl.

They were both fourteen and the prospect of having them around the house all
summer did not appeal to me.

I had a secret hobby which I knew their arrival would certainly spoil: I loved
to walk around the house naked when ever my Mum was out and imagine people
seeing me.

It gave me a huge thrill to be completely naked doing ordinary things like just
watching TV and all the time I had thoughts of every one I knew seeing me and
treating me with contempt for being a shameless tart!

On Saturday morning they arrived and as soon as they saw me they seemed to stare
obscenely at me with wide eyes that were visibly undressing me. I could not look
them in the eye and I felt myself blush as they shook my hand. That night my Mum
went out and they were in their room playing computer games, I was frustrated
because now I would usually be naked and dreaming of my fantasies. I opened a
bottle of wine and began to resent their presence even though they had not yet
been here a day.

Simon came down for a drink and cheekily asked if they could share my wine, I
knew it was wrong but for some reason I felt myself unable to say no to him. He
even had the nerve to tell me to get two more glasses and take them upstairs to
them.

I walked in the room to find them stuck to the computer screen shooting some
space creature and they barely acknowledged me. I poured them a small glass each
and gave it to them. "Hey, your cool" said Carl and I found myself sitting on
the bed at the side of them as they told me how to play the game and said I
could have a go next.

It was not top of my list of exciting things to do on a Saturday night but I
thought what the hell and joined in.

Of course I was absolutely useless at the game and the boys could do nothing but
laugh at me and although I knew it was completely absurd it gave me a weird
feeling to hear them laughing. After I had lost one game in about two minutes
flat they said my forfeit was to get some more wine, as I complied a strange
thrill ran through me at the thought of them making me do a forfeit.

The next game I lost equally as quickly and without thinking I blurted out loud
"so what's my forfeit now". I had never intended to actually say it and the room
filled with silence as the boys looked amused at me. Carl broke the silence and
laughed that maybe I should go and stand in the corner with my hands on my head
until it was my turn again. I could not believe what he had said and yet I knew
I would go and do it without question.

I could her them both try to stifle a giggle as I put my hands on my head and a
pure rush of shame surged through me. A thousand thoughts ran through my head on
why I was doing this but all the time the thrill was building up inside me.

It was my turn again and with my face as red as could be I walked back to the
chair, I was hopeless and played the worst game ever. Simon and Carl laughed
openly as I bowed my head and waited with baited breath for what they would tell
me to do next.

I could see the wine had affected them a little, not to mention me and I froze
in fear at their request. They wanted me to take off my underwear and hand it to
them then stand back against the wall. I told them it was outrages and I cold
not be expected to do such a thing yet all the time I was imagining what a rush
it would give me. Carl interrupted me and said that so was letting them drink
the wine and how would I like my Mum to know I had done that.

This was becoming surreal, here I was twenty-seven years old and trying to stop
my Mum finding out I had given wine to two fourteen year old boys by giving them
my underwear. I was adamant I would not do when Simon played his trump card, "we
know your wearing black knickers, you have been showing us all night every time
you got off the chair".

I knew my skirt was a little short but I had no idea they could see up it and a
fresh blush filled my cheeks. "So are you going to do it Emma" grinned Carl "or
shall we tell your mum you've been flashing your knickers at us". I could not
reply and just nodded my head at the boys; they were ecstatic with delight and
sat in anticipation on the edge of the bed.

I was wearing a T-shirt and knew it was big enough to allow me to pull my arm
out of one of the sleeves, unfasten the clip on my bra and then pull it off my
other arm. I tried not to look at them while I struggled to do it but out of the
corner of my eye I could see them looking almost mesmerized. I threw the bra at
them and put my arm back in my T-shirt, I was shocked as Carl nudged Simon, "can
you see how her tits have sagged a bit".

A thrill of unbelievable humiliation hit me like a train as they both gazed at
my breasts beneath my T-shirt. "Yeah" replied Simon "and you can see her
nipples", I knew they were hard and shuddered to think what they thought of me.

"Come on knickers next" they laughed and my legs felt like they would give way
as I reached for the waistband and slowly pulled them down. I felt so ashamed
but yet so excited at the same time and could feel my heart pounding inside me.

"Satisfied" I snapped as I threw them the kickers and watched as the boys
laughed and giggled while handing them to each other and then put them under the
bed. "What are you gonna do to get them back then Emma" said a smug looking
Carl.

"Nothing" I protested and almost pleaded with them not to be so mean to me and
let me have them back as they had their fun. They were hysterical with laughter
as they tried to speak and eventually Simon managed to tell me that I had to
score five thousand on the game to win my undies.

Reluctantly I agreed to their ridiculous demand and sat down in front of the
screen but of course it was hopeless and I barely scored half the total. Despite
this I knew deep inside me that this was what I wanted and I waited with the
adrenaline running through me as to what they would do now.

They seemed to have calmed down a lot and looked serious and the whole
atmosphere was more intent and I was beginning to feel fear as well as
excitement. "So what do you want to do Emma to earn your knickers" smiled Simon,
I could not think of anything to say and without really thinking just mumbled
that I would show them my bum for five seconds. Carl looked at me and gave me a
very sarcastic reply; "ok Emma lets have a look". I turned round and began to
lift my skirt as Simon whispered "oh god she's really going to do it" and then
my skirt was high above my waist and the cool air bathed my exposed bum.

"Brilliant" breathed Carl "I think you should stay like that until we say so,
don't you Emma" I could hardly speak but managed a whispered "yesss" as they
acknowledged me with a quiet laugh. I stood perfectly still trying not to clench
my bum cheeks as I could feel their eyes burning through me, "what a cute arse"
laughed Simon and then to my horror told me to walk backwards to them so they
could feel it.

"No" I argued "that's not part of the deal" I wanted to scream and run out of
the room. Carl sounded so sure of himself and told me that if I did not behave
then they would simply hand my underwear to my mum when she came home and tell
her that I had stripped for them.

I shuffled backwards in compliance knowing I was now totally under their command
and I would have to do whatever they told me, which made me almost gasp out loud
at the thought.

I gave a little squeal of apprehension when Carl's hand touched my bum cheek
making both the boys giggle and I began to breath heavier as he stroked his hand
all over my bum. He encouraged Simon to have a feel as well and soon four hands
were roaming across every square inch of my buttocks, they were almost kneading
my cheeks and laughing how they could make them wobble.

I am not sure who it was but I was given a crisp smack which made me jump and
then after a moments silence another one only harder this time. A few more
smacks followed and I lifted my legs to shuffle in protest and gave a long low
moan, "hey this what she needs, her arse smacking". It was Carl and as he
continued to reign smacks on my bum he taunted me "do you like this Emma having
your bum smacked like a four year old".

"Nooo, please don't" I begged but it fell on deaf ears as he carried on. I could
feel my cheeks begin to burn and I was struggling to stand still as the smacks
became less in number but were a lot harder. "Wow this is fantastic" laughed
Carl "look how red I've made her arse" I couldn't stand it any more and put my
hands to my stinging bum cheeks to rub them.

"Turn round," yelled Carl and my mind was spinning as I obeyed, I was grateful
that my skirt had fallen down to cover my pubic hair from their gaze. "What's
the matter does your bum hurt," said Simon with a huge smirk all over his face.
I couldn't in fact wouldn't answer them as they both sat smiling watching my
shame before their very eyes. I wanted to cry but did not want to give them the
satisfaction of knowing they had reduced me to tears so easily.

"Emma" came a shout from downstairs and I stumbled in blind panic for a second,
Simon and Carl seemed to sober up immediately and sat innocently at the
computer. I picked up the wine bottle and pushed it under the bed and
desperately tried to find my discarded underwear. I gave one last stretch under
the bed but it was no use and with my face flushed as red as my backside I left
the room as I heard my Mum walking up the stairs.

I just managed to get to the bathroom before she saw me and plunged my face
under some cold water, she was outside on the landing talking to me, telling
what a good evening she had and did the boys give me any trouble.

I would have laughed if it were not absurd, well if you don't count losing my
underwear to them and getting my bare bum spanked like baby of course they gave
me no trouble. I just muttered a quick "no of course not they were fine" and
took a deep breath to compose myself before opening the door.

I wanted to go straight to my bed but she reminded me to go and tidy up
downstairs and all the time she continued to talk to me. I could feel my nipples
become hard as I thought about her seeing my red bum beneath my skirt and the
shame of her knowing that my fourteen year old cousin's friend had just given my
bare bum a spanking.

I am sure she noticed I was braless and she gave me a disapproving look as at
last I could reach the safety of my bedroom.

I was desperate to see my bum and took off my skirt and T-shirt before standing
and twisting in front of the mirror. I was almost disappointed to see that it
was only slightly pink and as I ran my hands over it I imagined them giving me a
very severe thrashing in order to recover my underwear.

It was this thought that filled my mind as I lay in bed and let my fingers
wander between my legs and masturbate myself to sleep.




My Cousin's slave
Chapter 2

In the morning the stark reality of what happened dawned on me and I was
dreading seeing the boys. I could hear them talking and laughing as I walked
past their room to the shower and as I stepped inside I noticed that my bum had
no traces of last night's spanking left at all.

Back in my room I opened my wardrobe and looked for something to wear, the
thought of the boys seeing me undressed was almost overpowering and I was
compelled to wear something attractive for them. I reached in to my drawer and
chose some pink satin knickers and matching push up bra and almost trembled as I
looked in the mirror at thought of them seeing me like this. I decided to wear a
childish short summer dress that was fairly low cut and I even considered going
to town and wearing stockings and suspenders but chickened out. I put on some
make up and some white sandals and ventured downstairs. My Mum looked very
surprised at what I was wearing and asked where I was going, she looked puzzled
when I replied nowhere and then as the boys walked in she noticed them look with
open mouths at me she gave me a disgusted look.

My Mums obvious disapproval continued throughout breakfast as the boys never
took their eyes off my cleavage and then just out of earshot of my Mum Carl
whispered to me.

"How's your bum Emma", they both tried to suppress laughter as my Mum asked what
was the matter and I could feel my face burn red with the humiliation.

After enduring a few more teasing comments from the boys every time my Mum
turned her back breakfast was over and as the boys went to watch television I
stood at the sink to wash the dishes. My Mum had gone upstairs to make the beds
and I could feel someone starring at me, I turned round to see Carl sat on the
kitchen worktop "you look cute this morning" he smiled. I did not know what to
say and mumbled "thank you" as he reached in his pocket and took out my knickers
from last night. "Want them back" he grinned and as I looked over my shoulder he
waved them around triumphantly. "Me and Simon are going for a walk this morning
are you coming" he asked but I knew it was not a question that needed an answer,
"somewhere quiet" he fished saying and then gave me a knowing smile.

I could not believe it when he actually asked my Mum if she knew anywhere nice
and quiet that we could go for a walk as he emphasised how I had offered to go
with them.

She looked me up ad down with a gaze of utter dismay ad snapped "oh did she
now", I dread to think what was going through her mind.

Just as we were going through the door I noticed that I still had the sandals on
my feet and realised that they were not very practical for walking. I ran
upstairs to get my trainers but discovered I would have to wear socks as well so
I put on some white ankle socks and looked in the mirror. Oh god I looked like
ten-year-old but could not help myself from wanting to be seen like this.

The boys said how cool I looked as we started walking and then Simon teased me
by saying that he hoped I was going to behave for them. I blushed as I replied
that I was but Carl extracted even more shame from me by making me actually
promise to be a good girl.

Soon we got to some countryside and Carl once again took my black knickers out
of his pocket "so what are you going to do to earn them back". I looked at the
floor and replied hesitantly "I don't know, maybe you can smack my bum some
more", the boys were laughing out loud and Simon turned to me "what's the
matter, do like having your bum smacked".

The trouble was that I did but I hated the boys to realise so I pretended to be
upset and begged them not do it and with out thinking I offered to strip for
them right here.

As soon as the words came out I knew what a mistake I had made and they agreed
in unison that was what I should do. I was almost I tears as I begged them that
it was not what I meant and I would strip once we were at home and my Mum was
out again.

They were having none of it and I was told to take every stitch off right now or
they would hand my knickers to my Mum when we got home.

I really did beg with them but they were not relenting at all and with real
tears running down my cheeks I unzipped the back of my dress. With one last
"please" I let the dress fall to my knees and stepped out of it, Carl held his
hand out and I picked it up and gave it to him. "Thank you" he said smugly and I
watched in total shock as he went to hide it behind some bushes, Simon
congratulated him on his "wicked" idea and I was told to carry on walking.

I was a few yards in front of them and I could hear them talking about me all
the time, "look at that arse wobble", "she's enjoying this really", and then I
gasped as Carl said "wait while she is stark bollock naked" to which they
erupted in to laughter again.

 It was fairly remote but every once in a while I did hear other people and
looked round desperately to see if I could be seen.

After walking up a step hill I was out of breath when Simon said that it was not
fair that Carl had a pair of my knickers and he didn't. They sat on a rock and
told me I knew what to do about it, it was useless to protest and in front of
their grinning faces I turned my back on them. Slowly I eased down my pink satin
knickers and stepped out of them, instinctively I held them in front of my pubic
mound and turned to face them.

"Oh, are we a shy little girl" mocked Simon as he held out is hand, I walked
towards them with words "little girl" ringing in my ears. For gods sake I am a
twenty-seven year old woman what on earth was I doing behaving like this for
them. With one hand clutching my soft brown pubes to shield them from view I
handed Simon my most intimate garment.

He grabbed them from me and pulled them tight between both hands to stretch them
as far as he could then flicked Carl with them. They were laughing and joking as
Carl retaliated with my black pair and soon they were running round trying to
flick each other.

I stood motionless and watched this childish spectacle when one of them flicked
my bum from behind and then Carl piped up that he had a good idea.

I listened in horror as he told me he wanted me to run to the top of the hill
about half a mile away and back again, I pleaded with them not to make me do it.
"You need to loose a few pounds anyway" laughed Carl and Simon joined in "yeah
off your fat arse".

The sound of their mocking laughter and crude remarks stung more than last
nights spanking as I set off on my embarrassing task. The area was much more
open now and I could be seen for miles and I imagined how ridiculous I must
look. The fact that I was still wearing my push up bra made me even more
conscious of my pathetic appearance and I prayed I would not be seen.

As I reached the hill I could see a footpath clearly running up the side of it
and then disaster struck. Three hikers appeared from nowhere straight in front
of me, I don't know who was more surprised them or me. I staggered to a halt
with my hands pressed between my legs and looked at the bemused expression on
their faces. "Good morning" said one and I almost laughed at the absolute
absurdity of having to reply "good morning" to three middle aged men whilst
wearing white ankle socks, trainers and a pink push up bra.

Never the less I acknowledged the greeting and quickly explained that I was
doing a dare my friends had set me and I had to run to the top of the hill and
back. I mumbled how sorry I was and began to jog past them still keeping my
hands over my pussy. They all smiled at me and said how I had made their day and
I cringed with shame as I felt all their eyes on my bouncing bum cheeks once I
was past them.

I can't describe the feeling I had as I continued to run knowing that at any
minute I might be seen again. I imagined all kinds of people seeing me from old
men to families with children and shuddered at the thought but yet it excited
me.

At last I reached the top and paused for a moment to look round, I could see the
clump of trees where the boys were and then the sound of voices made me freeze
with fear. I had nowhere to hide as a couple came from behind some rocks, they
almost fell with shock at seeing me and I stuttered my story of caring out a
dare. I told them I was just stopping for a minute to get my breath back and as
the man looked me up and down the women gave him a sharp nudge, "shameless
whore" she spat. "Why don't you piss off and get your thrill somewhere else", I
wanted to cry with the humiliation and I hurried away my face burning with
shame.

Back down the hill I could see the three men walking towards me and I did not
care about my near full frontal display as I tried to run as fast as I could
past them. I was running so fast that my breasts were barely contained in my bra
and as I got close to them it gave up hope of covering my remaining modesty. I
stumbled and staggered desperately trying not to slow down in front of them yet
push my lewdly bouncing boobs back inside the materiel of my bra. I could
imagine how ridiculous I must look as peels of laughter rang out from them as I
almost gave up hope and just let my breasts flail and bounce before their
delighted eyes. Out of their sight I stopped and adjusted my bra and set off
slowly for the relative safety of the trees.

Before I could see them I heard the sound of the boys and as I rounded the last
bend I almost collapsed with exhaustion and sheer relief. I stood with my hands
on my knees gasping for breath and when I saw what they were doing I wanted to
burst in to tears.

They had each made a sort of catapult with a broken branch and my knickers as
the sling and were having a competition to see who could throw a hard green
berry the furthest.

I looked in absolute mortification as Simon stretched out my pink satin knickers
as tight as could be between the vee of the branch and then held a berry right
in the crotch where a short while ago they had nestled in my most secret place
and fired it away.

I couldn't believe they had stripped me near naked and all they were bothered
about were stupid childish games amongst themselves. I wanted to curl up and
just cry at the unbelievable humiliation running through me when Carl at last
paid me some attention.

"Hey, enjoyed your run you fat bitch" he laughed I was shocked at how insulting
he was with me and shouted back at him "you don't have to call me names", "and I
am not fat".

He looked at me and smiled "so your not fat OK", "but you are a bitch aren't
you?" I shook my head in protest but could not bring myself to look him in the
eyes. "Want us to show Mummy our new toys" joined in Simon; my mouth was dry and
I could feel the cold sweat running down my back as I looked up to them. "Yes I
am a bitch" I whispered, "louder" barked Carl "I am a bitch" I repeated and
again and again I shouted as they laughed at me.

"Now we want a nice target to aim at with our new toys" said Carl and before I
realised what was happening they had me knelt on all fours on the grass. I
shuddered with shame as they went to sit a few yards behind me and it dawned on
me that they were going to aim at my bum. The first one whizzed past my ears and
I thought how much it might hurt when it hit me and then the thought of pain
soon vanished from my mind.

"Open wide" laughed Simon and I realised he wanted me to open my legs, "please
NO" I begged "you can't make me do that, you will see everything" they just
burst out in to loud laughter and Carl walked up to me. "Smack, Smack" echoed
round the trees as he gave me two slaps to my upturned rump as hard as he could
"I can carry on like that all day until you do" he snarled and I knew it was
hopeless to offer any resistance.

I closed my eyes tight shut and sighed a deep breath as I opened my knees,
"wider" he snapped not satisfied until my legs were thrust obscenely apart. I
could feel the breeze between my legs and knew that all I had was on open
display to my teenage cousin and his friend.

My lack of any remaining dignity was soon forgot as the sting of a berry hit my
bum amid cheers from the boys and an indignant "ouch" from me. They carried on
their game for what seemed like an eternity only interrupted by mocking comments
about what they could see of me. "Look at her hairy cunt", "it's a pity smacking
her arse makes too much noise", "the dirty bitch is even showing her arse hole"
were the ones that stuck in my mind.

I suddenly remembered it was getting late and we had promised to be back home
for dinner, I told the boys that we had to go now but before I got up Simon said
he had one last surprise for me. I could hear then whispering and I could feel
them both walk up to me and I could almost sense their breath as I knew they
were taking a close look at me. I was allowed up and with my back to them Carl
told me to bend over a little and pull my bum cheeks apart with my hands "oh god
please NO" I begged but they reminded me they had just had a thorough look at my
wide open bum hole so what was I shy about.

I did what they asked with trembling hands and then swallowed hard as I felt
their fingers between my bum cheeks. I could feel something cold as well and
listened in astonishment as they told me they had placed two berries between in
the cleft of my bum and I was to clench my buttocks all the way home to stop
them dropping out.

"Look she is waddling like a duck" they laughed at my obscene attempt to keep
them in place. As we walked back to were my dress was hidden they told me that
they had identified the two berries as their own and who's ever stayed in the
longest was going to give me a good spanking the next time my Mum went out.

I outwardly cringed with yet more shame as they made me admit that it was what I
deserved and I wanted my bottom smacking like a baby. Carl ran ahead to retrieve
my dress as I continued to walk in the most ridiculous way possible.

"Can I ask you something Emma?" said Simon "your enjoying all this aren't you" I
could only reply with a stammered "No of course not", "Ha, you could have fooled
me" as he ran to catch up with Carl.




My Cousin's slave
Chapter 3

The dress was horribly screwed up and creased as Carl handed it to me and
without waiting for me to ungainly fasten the zip myself they strode off still
laughing from their outrages treatment of me.

They walked in front of me all the time laughing and chatting every so often
looking back at me and asking if the berries were safe. I had tried my best to
keep my bum cheeks together and this stopped me from walking as fast as they
were. Simon and Carl had still had my knickers in their hands making no attempt
to hide them as people walked by, even occasionally stretching them to flick
each other.

We were only a few yards from home and I pleaded with the boys to give me them
back but of course they ignored me completely. As they opened the door to the
house I was relieved to see that they had put them in their pockets and I was
desperate to get to my room and change before my Mum saw the state I was in.
Carl walked in to the lounge and told me to join him while Simon went to talk to
my Mum in the kitchen.

I was horrified to learn that he wanted to look at the berries right here in the
next room to my Mum. I begged him not to do this to me and promised again to do
anything he wanted but not here. He took out my knickers from his pocket and put
them across the sofa, "I guess I will leave them here for everyone to see".

I knew it was useless to protest any longer and I lifted my dress and bent over
to show him my bum. He said he could see the berries between my cheeks and told
me to open my legs wide to let them fall. I did as I was told and my heart raced
even faster when I realized the curtains were wide open and anyone walking up
the drive would see everything I had.

I could feel the two berries lodged side ways across my anus and although I
could not open my legs any wider they still stayed in their place. Carl gave a
little laugh when he noticed "looks like they need some help Emma" and for a
split second I thought he was about to take hold of them. Ohh, I wish he had
when I heard whet he wanted me to do next; I was to wriggle and push my bum up
to try and make the berries fall.

I hesitated only to be reminded that I was not moving until they had and Mum
might walk in anytime.

I was facing the door and instinctively looked up not daring to comprehend the
implication of my Mother seeing me like this as I began to lewdly shake my bum
from side to side to make the berries fall. I continued to thrust and wriggle
and perform a quite vulgar display in front of his grinning face when at last I
felt the berries loosen and fall.

He proclaimed the result a draw as he thought both the berries fell out together
but then a wicked smile came across he face. He told me to kneel in front of him
as he picked the berries off the floor. Before I could stop him he had forced my
mouth open and put the berries inside, "don't swallow Emma," he laughed, "they
might be poisonous". I listened in horror as he told me to keep them in my mouth
while he went to fetch Simon. He seemed to be gone ages and all I could think
about was where the berries had been just a short while earlier; touching my own
bum hole and being squeezed by my bum cheeks. I felt sick at the thought but
even worse I felt so humiliated letting myself be treated like this by two
fourteen year old boys.

All of a sudden the door opened and I was still on my knees where Carl left me,
I had never thought about moving "oh god look at the bitch she is loving every
second of this," exclaimed Simon.

He held out his hand under my mouth and told me to let one of the berries drop,
I could not bear to look at him as he gazed at it to see who's it was. Carl gave
a triumphant "yes" followed by long satisfying laugh and I was left in no doubt
who would be smacking my bum at the first chance they got.

The shout that dinner was ready spared me further shame, or at least I thought
so. I was given one last choice before we walked to the dinning room I could
give my bra to Carl now or he would put my knickers somewhere in the room and
wait to see who found them. A second shout from my Mum brought real fear to me
how on earth could I let him hide my knickers knowing it was her who was most
likely to find them. "Please Carl no " I almost wanted to cry as he held out his
hand for my bra and I felt my hands going to the fastener with his gloating eyes
watching every move.

He put both my knickers and my bra under his jumper and pushed me in front of
him through the door.

I could see instantly the alarming look of disapproval from my Mum and as I took
my seat I glanced down to look at my boobs. I wanted to curl up and just cry,
the material of the dress was so thin and tight that my nipples were clearly and
obscenely showing but what was so much worse was that they were becoming so hard
by my shame.

"Look at the state of you my girl" she snapped "don't you dare think your
sitting here looking like that", Carl tried to hold back a giggle as I stood up
my face burning with embarrassment.

I could not imagine what was going through her mind, as she looked me up and
down, my crumpled dress and braless tits for all to see left me sobbing as I ran
from the room. I could not face going back downstairs as I lay on my bed crying
with the utter frustration of it all. Part of me wanted them to torment and even
spank me but this was more that I could take and I only had myself to blame.

Later my Mum shouted me downstairs and told me she was going to stay with
grandma for a few days, as she was not well. I was stood silently as she told me
to keep the house tidy, make the boys their meals and then like a five year old
she told me to "behave yourself my girl".  Simon and Carl had grins like a
Cheshire cat as she continued to lecture me and finally said "and I have asked
the boys to tell me if you don't"

This was a nightmare how could she choose now of all times to go and leave me at
the mercy of them. Before she had even closed the door Carl walked up to me "is
poor little Emma going to have her bum smacked then" and they both burst in to
laughter.

This was absurd how could I have been so foolish to let things go this far but
despite my acute humiliation I felt a peculiar thrill run through me.

The boys decided that they would like some beer for tonight as they thought it
would be thirsty work smacking my bum. I tried to tell them I would not go and
buy them any when Carl walked up to me and gave me a sharp slap across my face!

"Listen bitch" he snarled "you are our toy now, and we will play what ever games
we want with you understand". I sobbed, "yes" to him, as even Simon seemed to
have no compassion for me at the way his friend was treating me. I was told to
undress in front of them until I was stark naked and I obeyed without hesitation
I had really been mastered by Carl now.

I stood with my legs slightly apart and my hands behind me as he walked round
me; Simon sat on the sofa with a strange smile on his face at my discomfort. I
promised Carl I would do anything he told me and he made me admit I was a dirty
bitch and needed this shame to teach me who was in charge.

Carl looked across at Simon "I told you your cousin was one of them submissive
sluts didn't I" he went on to talk about how he had read some stuff on the
internet about women who get off on being told what to do and having their bum
smacked.

I had no shame left as I was made to agree with him that I was a submissive
little slut who craved this torment and abuse but begged them not to tell
anyone.

Carl took hold of my nipple and gave it a squeeze "depends if you're a good girl
Emma" he sneered.

I promised I would indeed be a good girl and he ran his hands down to my bush of
pubic hair. "I notice that a lot of these submissive sluts have their pubes
shaved Emma" he said, I gave a gasp of pure shame at the realisation of his
words "would you like that" he continued to mock. Simon got up off the sofa and
ran upstairs saying he had a "cool idea" I waited with baited breath to see
their next invention of my torment.

"Look" he shouted and held up a brand new electric shaver in a box "my dad
bought me this in case I needed it, it would be so cool to christen it on your
cunt hair Emma". Carl was in fits of laughter with Simon as they decided that
would be a way cool idea and I could only look down at my dark brown bush and
shudder in the shame that two fourteen year old boys were about to shave it all
off.

Simon eagerly opened the box and then gave a resounding look of despair when he
read that the battery needed charging for one hour at least. Carl was not
disappointed as he told me I had time to go to the shop and buy some beer for
them. I made to get dressed when I was told that they thought as I admitted I
was a slut I should at least look like one in public as well as in front of
them.

"Ohhhhhhh please no please " I begged, "you can't, you promised not to tell
anyone else if was a good girl" I felt ridiculous having to beg two boys but beg
I did. They were only too pleased to take me to my room and decide what I should
wear. I was told to put some make up on while they searched through my wardrobe
and as Simon looked for the shortest skirt he could find I sat numb as Carl
emptied my underwear drawer. "We're going to keep all your knickers and your
bra's Emma," he casually informed me as if he was doing me a favour.

Simon gave a hoot of delight and held up a tiny black skirt, "Oh god Simon NO" I
yelled. It was an old netball skirt I last wore when I was sixteen, "please you
can't expect me to wear that" but it was no use. I finished my make up and
turned to see what they had laid out on the bed for me, I wanted to cry at the
thought a walking outside wearing them.

Carl had brought my knee length black boots to begin with and they giggled to
each other as I put them on first. Then the ridiculous excuse for a skirt, which
I could not even fasten and had to have the zip half way down at the side then
held with a safety pin. I was grateful that at least they had chosen a long
white blouse, which covered my waist and the zip even if it was a little see
through. I began to button up the blouse when Carl stopped me, "oh no Emma, just
tie the bottom"

I gasped in shock when I saw myself in the mirror and begged Carl to let me
fasten at least one or two of the buttons on the blouse. From the tie at the
bottom it was open to my shoulders and only just contained my boobs, any
movement and my breasts would simply fall out. Carl for once relented and agreed
that I may fasten a couple of buttons just below my tits as he put it. This made
happy that at least my breasts would stay covered but had the effect of pulling
the material tight across them and making my nipples more visible.

I asked Carl if I could have some knickers and he told me to ask him properly,
"please may I have some knickers" I felt like a two year old and he paused for a
moment then said "no". I pleaded again that the skirt was far too short to go
out in public even as I stood still it barely covered my pussy and my bum.

I hoped and prayed we would not meet anyone I knew as we set of to walk to the
shop every step caused the air to blow through my legs and remind me how
practically naked I was. Why was I accepting this shame so easily.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Emma No knickers


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





