BDSM Library - Princess's Court




Princess's Court
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a romantic story about two married couples. Story started by the wife telling her husband her new affair and she deserved some punishment.
                           =====================
                             PRINCESS'S COURT
                               by  Plainman
                        an10176@anon.nymserver.com

I'm going to repost my story "Princess's Court" again through the
nymserver anonymous service - a separate post for each of the seven
chapters. The last time I tried, the last chapter never showed up on my
newsreader - I hope this time I can get all parts of the story to those
who want to read it. I'm posting the seven chapters all at once, but
there's no guarantee that all of them will show up at the same time on
your newsreader.

The story is basically MF Romance about two married couples, but includes
some SM, brother/sister, group sex and 'wife-watching', anal, and ff. It
has explicit sexual content, as you might expect on this newsgroup, and
should not be read by children or others for whom such reading material is
prohibited by law.

If you want to send me mail about this story, you can be anonymous in the
header by simply using your "reply" function, or by sending a message to
an10176@anon.nymserver.com;  you will be assigned an anonymous number for
purposes of that mailing and I won't know your address, though I can reply
to you. If you want your own e-mail address to appear in the header,
reverse the first two letters in the above address to "na". 

Plainman
                           =====================




                        PRINCESS'S COURT, CHAPTER 1

                               "Confession"

                                by Plainman

                        an10176@anon.nymserver.com


Princess: Sweetie, it's me...

Trooper: Princess? - Jesus, what time is it?

P: It's 2 in the morning here in Denver. Troop, you know I
wouldn't call and wake you like this - unless there was
something you should know right away.

T: Is anything wrong babe?

P: Well, I don't know - someone may have been naughty ... 
Troop? Got your attention now? You wide awake now and ready
to talk with your baby who misses you sooooo much? 

T: Oh lord ... OK, out with it.

P: You sure you ready? Maybe you should go and pee first.

T: I want to hear it - now, Princess.

P: Well sweetie, you do sound more attentive now - I like
that ... Oh, Troop, what are you sleeping in?

T: I'm not SLEEPING at all any more ... 

P: Oh honey but I miss my sweetie - think of all the men
who'd LOVE to have a pretty girl up call and ask what they
are wearing... So?

T: A t-shirt.

P: And nothing else?

T: Same as always.

P: Oh you're so dependable, honey... Well you probably want
to know about me --

T: Do I have any choice?

P: Honey, don't be grouchy! It's kinda warm here, and so I'm
not wearing anything... Actually I'm sweaty... By the way,
sweetie, are the kids ok?

T: Yes they are sound asleep  - ate good dinners, did their
homework - and you fucking well didn't call me at this hour
to ask about the kids - out with it, minx! 

P: Oh sweetie that's good -- getting curious. Well, this hot
little furry animal has been working hard all day to put
bread on the family table. I spent hours and hours on this
deal, faxing stuff back and forth from here to the client,
and I hardly got outside at all ... You know, Troop, when I
did go out for a little walk and to get a bite, it really is
smoggy here in Denver - all that "Rocky Mountain high" stuff
is a big crock as far as I can see...

T: OK, cut the bullshit or I'm back to sleep ... It's the
middle of the night.

P: Troop! Pleeeeze be nice... You asked what I had been
doing and I am just setting the scene. And by the way I
don't like your tone. Why shouldn't I call you about the
children, and our family life together, and my work?
Sometimes I think you men are only interested in one thing
... Well anyway, there was a lot of ridiculous back and
forth on this one clause, and the guy at the general
counsel's office was just being so uptight... honestly, men!
If women ran things a lot more'd get done... So, it turns
out the associate who was doing most of the work here on the
other side is this young guy named David - you know how I
like that name, what with my brother and all...

T: OK, now we're getting to it. How old is he?

P: Don't jump to conclusions... I'd say he's under 30, quite
cute, kind of sensitive-to-rakish bohemian type looks,
fairly tall, dark brown hair, deep set brown eyes, nice long
slender hands... Honey, speaking of hands, what are you
doing with yours?

T: Clenched into fists and ready to POUND ON THE BED...

P: Troop, calm down... relax that nasty old fist and get it
where it belongs, wrapped around your nice big old cock... I
TOLD you I'm lying here naked and sweaty - doesn't that do
anything to my hot virile hubby?

T: OK Princess - I'll play for a minute - so where's your
hand? 

P: Well it's about time - I'm lying here only half covered
by a sheet, the blankets are thrown in a pile on the side,
and my free hand is playing with one of my nipples - it's
kinda semi-hard,and I'm smearing the sweat from under my
titty around on it. Honey, you know how they always keep
hotel rooms medium warm, not too hot? Well you'd be
surprised, I'm REALLY sweaty. I'm smearing some up from my
armpits too - mmm, can smell it, and yep, the old lady's
fairly rank... Why do you suppose I'm all sweaty and smelly
and hot and lying here playing with myself at 2 o'clock in
the morning?

T: Goddamit, you fucked that associate - Princess, your butt
is going to pay for this. 

P: Sweetie, could you be more refined in your language? And
you shouldn't be threatening your baby - who's just trying
to spice up your lonely existence a little...

T: And listen, you know you shouldn't fool around with guys
you work with...

P: There you go jumping to conclusions again. And such
disrespect for my professionalism! Who, may I ask, is the
rich partner here - and who is the underpaid prosecutor?

T: Yes, and this prosecutor has the power of the state, and
is thinking of sending some armed men with badges and rubber
truncheons ... 

P: Oh, sweetie, you do make me tingle when you talk that way
... I'm tingling and I'm REALLY sweaty... Doesn't it make
you a little hard to hear that? 

T: You know it does, Princess. OK - let's hear how you got
so sweaty.

P: Well, Sherlock, let's see if I can find a clue for you.
OK, my hand is between my titties... it's very wet and
sweaty there... moving down to my belly button, ooh, a
little puddle of sweat... now it's under the sheet, and my
lower belly is sweaty too, and, ooooh, here is some hair,
some nice thick curly pubic hair. Honey, where is your hand?

T: You know damn well where it is.

P: Oh and you're getting hard -- Troop, did you play with
yourself before you went to sleep?

T: I sure did.

P: Did you think about me while you were doing it?

T: Like hell I did - I enjoyed a great backseat fuck with
Peggy Denkweiler. 

P: That insipid little slut! - just because she never let
you in her pants...  Did you come all over the sheets like a
dirty messy little schoolboy?

T: Nope, shot off in a tissue.

P: Where is it?

T: On the floor next to the bed.

P: Is it still wet and soggy and sticky?

T: Let's see - no, it's kinda crusty and brittle.

P: Well that means it was a couple hours ago. So you went to
sleep early like a good boy, and your little gonads have
been working hard to make new little fishies, and your
little prostate to make lots of nice new gooey stuff to
carry them in, and you should be nice and hard for your
sweetie to tease and torment ... Did you use the Astroglide
to jerk off?

T: Yes.  

P: So your cock has a kind of sticky, tacky feel to it?

T: That's right - it's not too good for stroking.

P: Well don't put any new Astroglide on it yet - you'll
finish too soon. Spit on your hand and just get it a little
wet so you can play with yourself a little, but not too
much... Sweetie, if I was there to suck your cock, I'd taste
a mix of your come and the lube - lick your hand, honey...

T: Yes, that's what I'm tasting on my hand.

P: Well my hand has just been exploring my pussy and now I'm
tasting it, and it should be tasting different, right?

T: Go on...

P: It should be tasting that nice musky sharp taste like
your face when you've been eating me and you come up and
kiss me.

T: Mmmmm...

P: And you smear my smell all over my face with your own
hairy old face... But guess what? 

T: I can guess.

P: What?

T: Your hand tastes more like my hand.

P: Oh my SHERLOCK! Oh Troop, what really makes my pussy hot
is BRAINS in a man... Actually it doesn't taste exactly like
your hand, because there's some of my nice girly pussy juice
in there... But, yes, there is something else, a definite
hint of a boring old bland fishy taste. You know - that
taste that you guys think we ought to make us want to slurp
it up like Hollandaise sauce, but really it is like a
mixture of stale Gerber's baby food and library paste, so
any self-respecting woman would rather have you shoot it on
her face and her titties and in her hair than have to
swallow a big old mouthful of it...

T: Yes, I know about the subjection of woman, but you are
changing the subject...

P: No sweetie, you mean I am beating around the bush! [gales
of self-congratulatory laughter]... OK, Trooper, here's a
report on the old bush. It is VERY wet. Now you know as well
as anyone that it can get quite wet on its own - but
honestly sweetie it is only in those stupid MALE porno
stories that women gush like fountains and soak our panties
and so on... Really, for a girl to get as wet as my little
bushy is usually requires some form of OUTSIDE ASSISTANCE.

T: You are very wicked, and you are going to pay for it...

P: Oh, honey, you are frightening me, and when I get
frightened I just get all tongue-tied and can't really tell
my story.

T: OK Princess, but as you know - vee haff vays to make you
talk.

P: Oh honey don't even joke about that - you'll get me so
scared I just won't be able to sleep, and I'll be all fuzzy
tomorrow and I'll screw up the contract, and they'll kick me
out of the partnership, and we'll starve in the streets...

T: We won't starve - I can always sell your slut pussy to
five johns an hour for twenty bucks a shot.

P: Oh Troop! What kind of talk is that...

T: That's right, and whip your ass if you don't keep your
cunt wet and the cash coming in...

P: Promises, promises ....

T: Well I promise you a little Family Court session when you
get home, and we'll get the whole story out of you then,
down in the basement, with you bent over a chair and your
bare ass in the air and the skin pulled nice and tight to
take the strap... 

P: Oh honey no! Pleeeeze. Don't even say it. You know I
can't stand that. This should at most just be a little
session over your knee - that's bad enough - you hit so
hard! It hurts so much! You know I cry and cry when you
spank me with your hand on my bare bottom, and I beg your
forgiveness, and then I make it up to you, and I'm so girly
and weepy and hot and wet and you are so hard and stern...

T: If you give me a full confession right now, it may be no
worse than the hairbrush...

P: Okay, okay, I'll tell you, but I don't think the
hairbrush is fair - I don't know if I can take the
hairbrush.

T: You'll be getting the strap AND the riding crop - AND
David and Judy will be here to watch ... 

P: Sweetie, that whole thing last time was completely out of
bounds - I couldn't believe my sweet brother would have
anything to do with that - don't imagine there's ever going
be anything like it, ever again. And dear Judy, my oldest
friend! No it was the most humiliating thing I have ever
experienced...

T: And we only have an audio tape of that one, this time I'm
going to get it on video. 

P: Honey! You are sounding like some kind of a Nazi pervert,
I can't believe that my big sweet husband...

T: Well my sweet little wife was just slurping some
stranger's sperm out of her twat - the punishment is
mounting - a full confession is all that can save you from
the worst of it now. Let's hear it!

P: Well, honey, after all the ACTIVITY I've had tonight, and
what with the stress from all your nasty threats and all,
I'm actually getting sleepy and I'm not going to be able to
stay awake too much longer...

T: Listen, Princess, it's your rear end that will suffer if
you don't finish telling me...

P: Sweetie, I don't think you should see it that way - I
have to get my sleep or I won't be at my best tomorrow and
you KNOW how much you appreciate the fruits of my labors...

T: I mean it, I want to hear the whole thing right now!

P: Well, now that you mention "hearing" - and you talked
about "audio" - that reminds me, I did make a little
recording of what went on here in the earlier hours of the
evening - I used that voice-activated tape thingy, left it
on under the bed...

T: I don't believe it!

P: And I've just been editing a few excerpts from the
complete version to titillate you a little bit, my sweet,
until I get home and make it up to you with a big juicy kiss
and a nice pancake breakfast on Sunday.

T: Sunday breakfast! - you will be upside down in chains in
the basement while I eat my Sunday breakfast...

P: Now sweetie... Want to hear it, or shall I just hang up
and go off to dream land? If you want me to stay on the
phone, say something nice to your honeybun.

T: Goddamit, all right - at least play the thing, but this
doesn't mean you are getting off easy when you get home...

P: Is that something nice?

T: OK Princess - I'm hard as a rock, and if you play that
tape I will jerk off to it. 

P: Oh, sweetie, I didn't know you had such tenderness in you
- you mean you will actually jerk off to me instead of that
cheerleader?

T: I didn't say that - I may be remembering how Judy looked 
when she came watching you getting whipped last time - that
was very exciting... 

P: Well you are hopeless at flowers and sentiment, just like
a man, but I guess I'll play this little excerpt for you.
Here goes, first excerpt:

     Male voice: Oh, jesus, yesss ... put your finger in...

     Female voice: There... Now fuck me hard! Fuck me! I'm 
     almost there... Harder! Oh shit, FUCK MEEEE!
     AAAAAAAAAGHHHH!

T: Jesus Christ...

P: Yes, the other gentleman mentioned the same deity.
Recognize my dulcet tones?

T: Your ass is going to pay for this...

P: Don't be cruel to your sweetie - you know I'm true to you
in my fashion... Troop, you won't really be mean to me, will
you? There's many a girl wouldn't even call her sweet little
househubby at a time like this...

T: You bring that tape with you and prepare to tell the
whole story in full detail and beg forgiveness...

P: [demurely] Yes dear... Oh and here's just one more little
excerpt for you to go off to sleep on... a little pillow
talk I had with that nice boy, in the afterglow stage.


     Male voice: So what's the deal - you and your husband   
     have an open marriage or what?

     Princess: No - he couldn't stand to know. He's the
     dearest man, and a good lover too, but there's a dark
     side of me that needs a nastier kind of man once in a
     while... like you, you rotten pervert! [tinkling
     laughter]

T: Jesus fucking Christ! Princess...

P: Oh sweetie ... You're getting repetitive - that means
it's really time for my beauty sleep - night night, Troop
 ... you can get the Astroglide now. [click]

                           =====================
                        PRINCESS'S COURT, CHAPTER 1
                                by Plainman
                                   -30-




                        PRINCESS'S COURT, CHAPTER 2

                          "Pre-trial Proceedings"

                                by Plainman

                        an10176@anon.nymserver.com




Trooper: Hey, kid, how's things?

Judy: Hi, Troop - okay, except Dave's been working too hard
on the book... You?

T: Well fine - the princess has been in Denver, and the kids
are getting a little whiny.

J: Awwww, they miss their mommy! Well I miss her too - we
haven't seen each other in an age...

T: Yeah, well she's getting back tonight.

J: Give her a hug and a whatever for me. When are we going
to get together?

T: Well that's why I was calling - I've got quite a big
whatever for her.

J: Oh you sweet man... don't brag!

T: But nothing I can supply by myself is gonna be enough for
this one.

J: What... you don't mean she's been naughty again?

T: Called me in the middle of the night last night. Get this
- she TAPED herself, and played part of it to me over the
phone!

J: What do you mean - she taped a solo?

T: No - definitely not a solo...

J: Unbelievable! That woman is awesome... God I bet she'll
be calling to tell Dave - he'll be coming home all hot and
bothered ...


***


Princess: Dave - sweetie?

David: I can hardly hear you...

P: I'm calling from the plane.

D: I've never used one of those things - 

P: Well, I have to keep my voice down or everyone can hear.
My seatmate just got up to go to the john...

D: And you've got a date to follow him?

P: Don't be disgusting, you silly boy! Actually he's kind of
a cute older guy - started talking about his wife - he would
have told me everything about their sweet little sex life if
I'd given him the slightest encouragement. You men! No
regard for decency, or privacy, or the sanctity of
marriage... 

D: Okay, okay... what have you done?

P: [Sighs theatrically] Oh you just know me too well... the
lord and master is talking about convening Family Court, and
I just wanted to let you know.

D: Whooeee - tell, tell!

P: Well I was in Denver to close this deal, and I worked my
tushie off for three days - it was the whole bit, long
hours, meals in, faxes back and forth. So then when we
finally got it done this associate who was working the other
side asked me if I wanted to get a bite to eat.

D: Oh lord, here we go...

P: He's pretty cute, looks a little like you about ten years
ago, and guess what? His name's David!

D: I can hear you now - Hey mister, you remind me of my
brother - wanna fuck? 

P: Sweetie! You know I'm never vulgar like that, at least in
the early stages, and I would NEVER profane our sacred bond
that way...

D: I'm just grateful you care about staying a partner in
that stuffy firm - otherwise there's no limit what you'd say
to any stranger when the devil gets in you. 

P: Well, sweetie, who was it who first put him in there! And
don't say I was born wicked - YOU are the one who should be
in state prison right now - for incest and child sexual
abuse - and you'd be spreading your cute little cheekies for
all those big buffed-up hunks - oooooh, makes me shiver!

D: Princess, I don't know how you get away with the
incredible shit you pull ... honestly, in a civilized
country you'd be burned at the stake.

P: Honey, please! I'm just a modern professional woman ...
with an air of cool competence on the surface and a hint of
banked fires beneath - so the boys all think THEY are the
one to set me ablaze.

D: And that's how you manage to get the client, the deal,
the partnership, et cetera, et cetera...

P: No it is not, you asshole - I've worked my butt off while
the old boys and the bubbas are out playing golf and FUCKING
THEIR SECRETARIES ... Oops - sorry ma'am, I'll try to keep
it down... Anyway, what little I can do with my poor
feminine charms doesn't BEGIN to offset the depths of piggy
male prejudice I've had to deal with. 

D: Yeah yeah, I know, it's your little affirmative action
program...

P: [giggles] That's it - you got it! Anyway, I can see my
seatmate just got into the john, and he'll be playing with
his wee-wee for a minute, but he'll be back pretty soon... I
just wanted to let you know that the Big Trooper is on the
warpath...

D: He IS awful cute when he's mad...

P: Yep - I'm looking forward to tonight - he'll be SO hot -
and as I was saying I think Family Court may be on the
horizon...

D: God it's been ... how long?

P: Well, we'll have to arrange to have both kids stay
overnight somewhere, and that may take a little doing, but I
thought I'd get your batteries charged -

D: I can't wait.

P: Well you'll have to - in the meantime, you've got that
hot old girl friend of mine to play with...

D: You know, I tend to forget the old girl friend part -

P: See - if I weren't around to remind you of all the fun
naughty things, you guys would end like Ozzie and Harriet -
I can just see it - five minutes of missionary-style
grunting in the dark, every other Saturday night... Now
remember me to Judy, and you remember - she just loooooooves
to be nibbled and breathed on all around it while she BEGS
for the main event... and just when she's ready to come, get
it in your mouth and suck it and swirl your tongue on it ...
Oh here comes Mr. Man back, all depleted - talk to you
later, sweetie.


****

P: Troop, that was soooo .... ooooooh, you're a tiger.

T: I like the flattery, Princess, but you know it won't get
you out of trouble. 

P: Sweetie, no, I wasn't even thinking of that [giggle] -
and I know you won't be too mean to my little tushie when
the time comes, because I love you soooooo much and give you
such great wet pussy - and I whimper and come like a slut
when you fill me up with your big manly cock - and I
squeeeeeeze down on it - and you squirt your hot sticky
stuff way up inside me - and later I smear it all slimy on
my titties for you ...

T: Princess, you are the greatest piece of ass in the
western world, and fucking you is like dying and going to
heaven. But justice demands retribution, and you WILL BE
PUNISHED for your transgressions - nothing is gonna change
that.

P: Oooooooh, my big strong trooper ... remember when we were
first going out, and you were an assistant DA - I always
imagined you a highway patrolman, pulling me over in my
little red sports car ... I'd been speeding, and I'd act
like a rich bitch, and you would come up in your big strong
stiff way, with that bristly mustache and those tight twill
pants showing off your legs and your butt and your manly
bulge, and those scary silvery shades so I couldn't see your
eyes ... and I'd be fresh, I'd mouth off at you a little...
and you would tell me in that harsh calm way to get out of
the car and lean my hands against it and SPREAD MY LEGS --
ooooohhh, I used to tell Judy about my fantasy and we'd play
with ourselves - and I would tease David about how butch you
were, how hot you'd get all his gay friends with your
leather motorcycle boots and your big bulge ... oh sweetie,
you went away! 

T: Well, honey - I just got little and it fell out.

P: Oh - maybe me talking about gay stuff pushed your homo
panic button? Naaaaah, I don't think so - doesn't feel so
little to me - you're still half hard - you know you are
much hotter tonight, and it's because I've been bad...

T: So tell me about it.

P: No, sweetie, a girl has her privacy. That young man and I
had something very beautiful together and it would defile it
for me to tell you the hot details just to get you hard
again... Stop that! you bad boy ... 

T: So I guess I'll have to whip it out of you, detail by
detail, with David and Judy looking on. Princess, picture it
- you are bent over the chair, your legs spread a little, me
working on you with my thickest leather belt, a nice
striping of red welts across your white asscheeks and the
backs of your thighs, and you wailing and begging and crying
for me to stop just so you can tell me everything, but I'm
having so much fun ... and I ask David and Judy whether I
should stop and let you tell... and they are getting it on
themselves, and Dave says "Naaah, give the slut twenty more"
and Judy says "Make her scream."

P: Sweetie, I know you don't mean any of that, but I am
shocked that you are getting hard again while you talk in
that vile disgusting way about hurting your little Princess
and taking pleasure in it...

T: Oh I mean it all right, and you knew just what you were
bringing on yourself when you had your fun last night...

P: Mmmm, sweetie - let me get on top and slip you in and
lets just wiggle a little.

T: Oooh, yeah - that feels good - are you gonna come again?

P: I think so sweetie - I'd like to have one more little O
after that great big O, and then I'll sleep like a baby -
and know that my trooper will protect me and be fair to me
and not be mean to me... Can you feel that?

T: Oh yes - your squeezer is working pretty good - but I
don't think I'm going to come again...

P: Well you boys ARE inferior to us girls that way ... as in
so many others.... But it's OK - your cock is nice and big
and hard and feels so good and fills me up... Mmmm, that boy
wasn't as big as you are.... Ohhhhhhhh, ahhh ... there ... I
love the way we fit together... I've never been able to come
with another man from just straight missionary fucking like
tonight... not without being eaten, or fingering myself... I
think you have a little ledge down there that catches hold
of my clitty and and pushes it up and rubs it around - if I
tilt up to meet you at just the right angle... And when
you're on top of me and you kiss me and press down on me and
I feel your weight and your hardness and you push up into
me... it makes me want to scream and I have to bite
something or the kids will hear us.. ooooooh, you're the
best, trooper... 

T: That's it baby, do it... ride me! fuck me!

P: Ooooh, pinch my nips sweetie - I'm almost there...
aaaaaaaggghhhhh!!!... ... Oh that was a nice one - not so
little after all... You sure you can't come again?

T: No sweetie, I've had it. 

P: Mmm, let's get some sleep. I love you, Trooper.

T: And I love you, Princess.

                        ===========================
                        PRINCESS'S COURT, CHAPTER 2
                          "Pre-trial Proceedings"
                                by Plainman
                                   -30-




                        PRINCESS'S COURT, CHAPTER 3

                                "Girl Talk"

                                by Plainman

                        an10176@anon.nymserver.com



Princess: Hey there sweetie - gettin' any lately?

Judy: Well the boy was quite perky last night, and I
submitted to his vile lusts - you know, wifely duty... Might
have had something to do with your little phone call, huh?

P: So what about today? Is he out with the guys doing the
male bonding thing? [mock male voice] "Hey shithead - got
laid last night - Ugga ugga" [giggle] 

J: Well he's on an all-day hike with some of his tree-hugger
friends - maybe they DO sound like that... 

P: At least you don't have to be embarrassed to tell your
friends what YOUR husband is doing - you know I think
environmentalist men can be very attractive, especially with
those cute climbing shorts and hiking boots. But the
Trooper, my God! - he is PLAYING GOLF - with three of his
macho buddies from the office. A FOURSOME - of PROSECUTORS -
think about it - those stiff solemn lawmen out on that great
open expanse of grass with their IRONS, and WOODIES or
whatever they are... 

J: Oh honey, it's been too long - I've really missed you...

P: No kidding, me too - and listen, I've got the solution -
I found this incredibly cute college boy, Don, and I'm going
to bring him over...

J: Geez, Princess, that's not exactly my thing -

P: SWEETIE - what a dirty mind you have! 

J: Well with this Denver thing and all -

P: Oh pooh. As I was saying, I've hired this cute college
boy who was Jody's favorite counselor at camp, and Dory
loves him already too, and he's taking them to the beach
today, and he's be happy to take yours along too  - and then
you and I can have hours to ourselves free to smoke organic
matter and catch up with what's happening and discuss the
meaning of life and the size of male organs - No rotten
little reminders that we are just soccer moms...

J: Sweetie the thought of you as a soccer mom cracks me up -
anyway, hey, it's a deal.

***

P: God, sweetie, it's a long time since we sat in the hot
tub. Hey, you're still lookin' good up top - yours are
bigger but mine still sag more? - how come? 

J: Genes.

P: Oh dear - saggy tit genes. Hey - David and I share a lot
of genes. Think he'll get breasts like an old man in a few
years? Then they'll sag like mine, and no one will want to
fuck him any more? Or maybe some old fags will want to, and
then he'll be an old fag - which'll fit the family pattern,
cuz I'll be an old hag...

J: Princess, you're fishing - you know there isn't a guy in
the world who can keep his eyes off you.

P: Yeah, but I have work so hard at it. I bat my eyes, and
talk dirty, and spew pheromones - all that takes energy I
could be using to keep my breasts perky.

J: Uh-huhhh ... Princess, just what IS wrong? 

P: Shit, I don't know. Turning 40?

J: I'll be there five weeks ahead of you.

P: Yeah, and what does it matter anyway? Only a number...

J: You said it ... Well... so, my naughty friend - what DID
set off this Denver thing? I mean, isn't it kinda risky
going to bed with a lawyer you're working with?

P: Well - I've never done it before - but I think this one
was pretty safe. It's out of town - he's married, to the
daughter of a senior partner in his firm - and she's in the
same firm herself. So he's got even more to lose than me -
the poor helpless girl who's likely to get labelled a slut.
You know, I just don't see that boy telling tales - but,
hey, no guarantees.

J: Princess I know you are analytical, being a lawyer and
all - but did you really think through all that when you
were deciding whether to seduce him?

P: Think? - I don't know - I processed it somewhere - then I
set my little pheromones loose on him. Opened Pandora's box.
Hey, here it is - Pandora presents: Pandora's box! ta-da...

J: You always had a great bush ... I'd love to have that
much hair - I think it's sexy.

P: Well it's kind of a specialized taste - most guys these
days seem to like the 11-year-old look - fucking pedophiles!
They're scared of real women and we're better off without
em... You know, that's one thing I love about the Trooper -
the first time he saw my love jungle, he dove right in, with
lots of ooohing and aaahing - how thick it was, how it
turned him on ... Then there was the next morning - God he'd
left about a gallon of come in there, and it had made this
real crusty mat in my big old bush - he had to pick his way
through the thicket to get himself back to the juicy part
 ... But he did, just like an intrepid explorer in the jungle
- he remarked on how well our juices cemented things
together - and then he fucked my brains out for breakfast,
and I screamed like a banshee, and practically stuck my big
toe up his ass. Honey, that was the first time in my life I
ever came from straight fucking, without being eaten first -
god, I was telling Trooper last night he's STILL the only
one who can do that to me... 

J: Well Dave likes you down there too. Of course he's so
oral - you know last night he was back to showing me a lot
of that kind of appreciation, just like the old days - did
you say something to him, Princess?

P: I certainly don't have to tell that boy how to eat a hair
pie. 
 
J: Lover, when ARE you going to learn to talk like a lady?
 ... Anyway - I never liked the way the lips show through my
pubic hair - it's too thin, and now, dammit, it's starting
to go gray - look!

P: Mmmmm - no, sweetie, yours is just right - natural
blonde, enough hair so you look like a real woman - and your
cute little lips are right there so your lucky partner can
see them get all red and puffy and wet when the time is
right - ah, for the good old days... [silence] Goddamit,
Judy, we're supposed to be talking cock and here we are
talking pussy!

J: That's how we got into trouble in the first place. 

P: Yep - and let's drink to trouble!

J: You just HAD to give me that clinical demonstration.

P: Well sweetie what is a friend for? There you were,
fifteen, guys already groping in your panties, and you
didn't have a clue how your equipment worked...

J: Exaggerated on both counts...

P: So I got you to look at yourself in the mirror - and what
did you say?

J: Eeeuwww!

P: Yeah, so did I, the first time I saw mine... The weird
thing is I was the sex fiend, the Mistress of Masturbation,
the Clitoral Connoisseur - but YOU were the only one who was
getting anywhere near any guys.

J: You went way overboard - just cuz I told you Billy Mergis
had rubbed me through my shorts...

P: [falsetto] Oooooo it felt so GOOOOD....

J: ... and it wasn't like I hadn't ever come or anything on
my own...

P: Yeah you turkey - you said it sometimes happened BY
ACCIDENT when you rubbed against the edge of your mattress.
Look, sweetie, friends don't let friends think self-induced
orgasm is an accident ... I mean there aren't many things in
life we can control, but that's one of them...

J: And then after the mirror show you decided I needed a
demonstration of technique...

P: And then when you still seemed unclear on the concept, I
thought a little hands-on training session would help - and
one thing led to another...

J: And there we were, hopeless lezboes, condemned to a life
of perversion at fifteen ...

P: All I know is, I didn't start out with any sinister
intentions...

J: Yeah, right!

P: No, really sweetie - you were my best friend, and I
always loved you dearly but not THAT WAY. I don't think I'd
ever had a fantasy about doing it with you - remember, I was
in love with two unattainable men.

J: Your brother and who else?

P: My English teacher - don't you remember?

J: Oh how could I forget - the celestial being, the
Skygod...

P: Mr. Herskog - Charles Herskog - still my hero! I think of
him whenever I draft a client letter or a contract - "take
out the unnecessary words," that's what he would say - and
that's still what I'm best at - I really showed that boy in
Denver what a red pencil is for ... Best at, that is, next
to working my butt off - and occasionally playing up to
sweet horny old male lawyers and clients... Mr. H was so
cute - looked like Max van Sydow...

J: Those HOURS you used to spend in his office - a lot of
people thought you two were having an affair...

P: Didn't I wish - and couldn't he have done it! But all we
did was talk about books and life, and he never made a move
to touch me... [silence] You remember, I wrote to him later,
asked him if he had been as hot for me as I was for him -
and he wrote back that he sure was, but there were three
good reasons he couldn't do anything about it - my age, his
marriage, and the fact that I was his student. There aren't
many like Mr. H...

J: It was partly because of him that we were renounced the
Goddess - bowed to the Skygod...

P: Well I converted back when I got to college - a woman
without a man is like a fish without a bicycle...

J: No, honey - it's "can't live with  em, can't live without
em."

P: And there I was - in love with you, and we had our
perverted secret lusts - and I was playing with myself
fantasizing about David and Mr H - but NO FUCKING DATES...
the misery, the disgrace of it on Saturday night!

J: It's easy enough to explain it now - those boys were all
afraid of you - you were too smart, too sure of yourself,
too ambitious, I guess too sexual - you were already a
woman, and not boy around had the balls to ask a real woman
out. 

P: Easy to say now, but at the time, I thought I was just
ugly - or missing whatever it is men like... [joint
laughter]... yeah, yeah, I know, it's hilarious. I did think
I was ugly - too much nose, too much chin, someday they
would meet and I would look like the Wicked Witch of the
West... and come to think of it, I sorta DO..

J: Well those days are long past. God, Princess, Dave came
home last night as hot as an old goat from just TALKING to
you on the PHONE - I can't turn him on like that by myself
if I meet him at the door wrapped in cellophane...

P: Hey, sweetie, that's just marriage - the grass on the
other side looks greener ...

J: No it's not just marriage - I see how the Trooper looks
at you - you have IT - you have something I've never felt in
any other woman...

P: Flattery will get you everywhere, sweetie - I love it ...
But listen, back to high school - while I was wallowing in
perversion and self-abuse, YOU were the Most Desirable Date
at Lincoln High - remember?

J: Well, it's true, I didn't scare them...

P: Shit, lovergirl, YOU looked like Glinda the Good - or
America's fantasy girl next door ... but don't forget, you
also started giving out hand jobs - I mean let's get down to
the dirty truth... 

J: Oh Princess, that was only Joey Butler, and only after we
had been going out for three months...

P: Um, sweetie - does the name Fritz Wengler ring a bell? 

J: Oh shit- yes I HAD repressed that. [Giggles] I WAS
curious to see what another guy was shaped like, and felt
like down there, and how he would react - and Joey had gone
out that time with Franny Leiter... 

P: And I had to sit there - well actually lie there - and
lick you while you told me what it felt like to have fucking
FRITZ finger your clit with his sweaty little adolescent
paws ...

J: You kept begging to hear about it - you know it got you
hot. Anyway, I only let him once. He WAS cute - and he made
me come with his hand - he knew his way around a girl's
anatomy. On the other hand poor old Joey - he had heard the
expression "finger fucking," and kinda took it too
literally. But, you know - Joey was at least grateful - damn
Fritz acted like he was entitled... 

P: Listen - you remember what you felt - what I remember is
the clinical details I got out of you - lets see: Fritz and
Joey's cocks were about the same size, but Fritz's balls
felt bigger, and his cock stuck up at a higher angle, and he
was completely quiet when he came, whereas Joey gave a nice
groan...

J: God, what a memory! - and then when I told you Gordie and
I were touching each either, you liked that and you wanted
all the details. 

P: Long, thin, not so much hair, squirted further than any
of the others... 

J: Then pretty soon I told you he and I had actually done
the deed - and then you got mad...

P: Yeah, I felt abandoned... That was our low point.

J: But before, I'll never forget the time - I was doing it
to you and you suddenly told me you were imagining what it
would be like if it was Dave down there...

P: Well that's the beginning of another story... Hey
sweetie, this good grass and all this talk about old-time
lickin' and suckin' has got me horny - what would you say to
a nice little girly-fuck for Auld Lang Syne? 
 
J: Well there you go, putting it with your usual subtlety
and restraint.

P: Tell me you don't want to and I'll withdraw the
suggestion - but I won't believe you...

J: Why are you staring like that? Oh shit, you can SEE that
I'm turned on... What can I say ... come on over here...
Mmmm... I forgot how soft your lips are...

P: Compared to those rough old men... mmmmm... 

J: Oh Princess... [silence, murmurs, time passing]...

P: Ohhh, yes sweetie - feel how wet I am - suck on them some
more - ... mmmm.. mmmmm... ooooh... Oh sweetie, yes, go down...
ahhh, please - there... oh yes, give me your sweet
tongue.... oooh ... yes suck it... damn, Judy, stop
torturing me - suck it - Oh fuck - nip it with your teeth -
yes, put your finger in - God, back there too - oh yes your
little pinky, slip it inside - oh sweeeeeeetie - I'm coming,
suck me, lick me, finger me - harder - fuck, FUCK, FUCK -
aaaaagh!.... ...oh yes you are my sweetie, I love you, I
love what you do to me.... mmmm, there, there... The Goddess
still reigns... 

J: Oh lord, Princess honey, I didn't plan on this... 

P: I didn't either - at least not real consciously ... But
here we are, and now it's your turn. So spread  em, woman -
prepare The Mysterious Regions... oooh, pretty... ok,
pretend your hands are tied back here... now I am going to
tease you till you beg ... in the name of the Goddess...


                        ===========================
                        PRINCESS'S COURT, CHAPTER 3
                                by Plainman
                                   -30-




                        PRINCESS'S COURT, CHAPTER 4

                               "Crime Scene"

                                by Plainman

                        an10176@anon.nymserver.com


Judy: Honestly, it was like a hurricane picking me up and
sweeping me along.

David: Isn't it always?

J: Look, it's not like she raped me or anything - I wanted
it - I loved every minute of it. And I love her, I really
love her. I know how much I missed her - she makes me feel
more alive. But Jesus, Dave, it's like I become some kind of
a character in her story - I mean, I know it's me, and I'm
doing it, and it fits with who I am, but somehow SHE'S
making everything happen ...

D: Hey, at least you saw her in person! I just talked to her
on the phone, and I feel like I'M a puppet - well, not
really a puppet, you're right, it feels like what I'm doing
comes out of me, it just ISN'T me, at least me the way I
usually am. 

J: Well honey I love you the way you usually are just fine,
but I've gotta say...

D: [laughs] Yeah - when's the last time we did it two nights
in a row?

J: Old married folks - I don't know...

D: God, that was so hot - I'm still feeling it in my toes
and my scalp - and I don't remember the last time you made
so much noise...

J: Do you think the kids could hear?

D: Hey, I wouldn't be surprised if the neighbors could.

J: Oh damn - now I'm embarrassed.

D: Don't be, sweetheart - soccer mom, good neighbor - it's
nice to break the mold now and then. 

J: Oh it's OK if the neighbors think I'm a hot mama - I like
to shake my den mother image - but I do worry about the
kids... 

D: There's a lot they don't know...

J: God, Dave, they shouldn't ever know - should they?

D: I don't think so... You know it doesn't come up, seems
like someone else's life most of the time, but Princess has
brought it back home - this talk about Family Court... Do
you remember the last time?

J: Well if I didn't I sure do now - we listened to the tape
today, Princess and I, afterwards...

D: Wow... was it as - as primal - as I remember?

J: I couldn't believe the sounds - the whacks the strap
made, her shrieks and screams - I mean she wasn't just
whimpering or crying, Dave, and it doesn't sound like any
kind of acting. 

D: How about us?

J: Oh yes, we're in there loud and clear - you sound like
you are taking revenge on her - you know, when you did it,
in her behind... You call her bitch, slut, cunt... And me
with Trooper - God, it brings back how much watching him hit
her turned me on - I'm shouting for him to fuck me, fuck
me...

D: Not my demure little den mother... 

J: Well tonight I did get a little carried away too... hey,
we need that - but I do wonder about Family Court...

D: Think maybe we shouldn't do it? 

J: I don't know, Dave - I do think we should think about it
first... But maybe thinking doesn't have much to do with it.
God, listening to that tape did turn me on - Princess and I
got off again after we heard it, we each did ourselves and
watched each other - did I say that?

D: No, but I can imagine. I can already feel the butterflies
in my stomach when I think about this thing - anticipating... 

J: The other thing from the tape is - just how much I didn't
remember. It made me wonder about, you know, the first time
with Princess - what happened then that we don't remember
any more? I mean - if we had a tape of that, would it
surprise us?

D: Oh I'm sure I remember everything - you don't forget a
scene like that.

J: I don't know - we're talking twenty-two years ago. For
example, when did each of us get to the house?

D: Let's see - when we came back it was after my parents had
left for the weekend - because I remember reading the note
about watering the flowers - laughing at all the details in
Mom's directions. Princess was there with them when they
left, and she was still there when we arrived. 

J: I'm not sure - wasn't the house empty when we got there,
and then later she told us about them leaving? Remember -
you grabbed me as soon as we were in the door - I told you
to take it easy, she might be around - didn't we call
upstairs, and she didn't answer, and we did kiss, but by
then we had cooled down?

D: Mmmmm ... You could be right. I thought it was her being
there that stopped us. Well I don't know. But I'm sure about
the main events.

J: I wonder - let's try to reconstruct...

D: Yes let's - I think it's all there. OK, basic background
- it's late June; you two have just graduated from high
school. I'm finished my second year at State, and can't wait
for next year to start and you to get up there so you and I
can fuck every night...

J: Yeah, we couldn't imagine letting a night pass when we
had a chance to do it - those were the days! 

D: OK, digression, quiz - our first time?

J: You know I know - I wonder if you do.

D: March 17 that year - in my room at the old Whole Earth
Coop house ...

J: Ah, Granolaville - God damn that was a tawdry little
room, but I loved it - love in the lower bunk, and then
sleeping together all night in that narrow little bed, with
that big wet spot in the middle...

D: What I remember is I was worried about staying hard, I
was worried about you liking it - hey, you know for us guys
that first time is a lot of stress!

J: Yeah, well, you did unload mighty fast once you reached
the promised land...

D: But I had already done my duty as a sensitive man and
brought you off...

J: Yeah, and it took quite a while, sorta like the jaw-ache
scene in Annie Hall - I was really nervous - I kept thinking
your roommate might come in...

D: No, I had the tie looped around the doorknob - really we
were safe... 

J: Well, maybe you knew that but I didn't - I was just a
high school girl. And then - we had to be good all night -
Joe was sleeping in the upper bunk!

D: Yeah, the next day after you left he bawled me out - said
I should have had the class to spring for a motel room,
especially when it was our first time, that it made him feel
like an intruder, but he didn't have anyplace else to sleep
- you were too good for me - he wished HE had a such a great
girlfriend, he would treat her better - yatta yatta.. You
made a conquest there.

J: You know it never occurred to me we should go somewhere
else, at least after we did it. The other times I'd been up
overnight we had made out in that bed - done everything but
- and then spent the night there, with Joe in the bunk
above. I was used to him. Honestly the only difference that
time was that wet spot...

D: Not true...

J: You're right - I was as sentimental and gushy as any girl
could be about Our First Time - remember breakfast?

D: At IHOP? We couldn't stop looking at each other and
touching...

J: Well at least be thankful it wasn't MY first time... That
was a different matter. Poor Gordie! After all the stuff I'd
done with fingers up there and tampons and all, I figured it
would be a piece of cake, no pain, no blood. So what did we
get - pain and blood, premature ejaculation, no orgasm for
me, inconsolable tears, the whole nine yards. Sweetie, you
should thank Gordie for sparing you that...

D: I don't know - I think I could have done better...

J: Well you could have, of course, what with your special
talents and all...

D: You guys still hadn't done oral sex, right - just hand
stuff? 

J: Right - we were both too uptight for either one of us
even to suggest it. And that night I was too nervous to come
when he used his hand... But I don't know if even you would
have got me there my first time - even with those wicked
lips and that tongue of yours...

D: Remember the first time we did that?

J: How could I forget - right after Valentine's Day -
celebrating my breakup with Gordie. 

D: We'd been seeing each other and making out in my car,
sometimes after you came back from dates with Gordie, but
you kept saying "I have a boyfriend - I can't do THAT."

J: Goddamit Dave, you do realize it was the Princess who
intervened and put a stop to my double life?

D: How could I forget - when I came home that night, I went
into her room and gave her a big thank-you kiss for talking
you into breaking up with Gordie - but I'd forgotten to wash
my face first, and she said "Smells like you got a special
bonus" - I must have turned fifty shades of red - of course
I didn't know how familiar your smell was to her.

J: And my breaking up with Gordie got her and me back
together again too - it wasn't long before she was back
between my legs - after you went back up to State.

D: Before or after March 17? 

J: Before - I remember after I came back from that weekend,
she and I had already started doing it again. She got me
into bed with her and got all the details out of me. We had
started up again but coming back on that day I said to
myself I was going to break it off with her. Well that held
up for about half an hour after I saw Princess - she gave me
that witchy look of hers and I melted. She had a great rap,
too - we would all be together soon, things would be great -
of course I couldn't tell you about her and me yet, that
would shake you up too much, but later... She painted quite
a picture! Of course she was going off East to college and
there was no chance any of it would happen, but she had me
snowed. God, honey, I came about three times with her eating
me, while in between I told her everything about you and me.
I remember she asked me if I fantasized about Joe coming
down from his upper bunk and doing it with me while you
watched... I'd never even thought of that before, but after
she planted the idea it made it into my fantasy library! 

D: Well that brings us to the night in question...

J: Yes. I mean the issue always was - where she was
sleeping, and how much noise we made...

D: Well, she was sleeping in her room, upstairs, right
across the hall from mine. No doubt about that. And we were
sleeping in my room. The only issue was whether we should or
could have slept in my parent's bedroom downstairs. 

J: She said it would have been the normal thing to do if we
were going to spend the weekend acting like married people. 

D: Honestly, I don't think doing that ever occurred to me. 

J: Well, I thought of it, and I think I might have mentioned
it - asked you if it was possible. I was thinking about how
she would take being right next door to us - if it would be
too - I don't know...

D: Well, honey, you couldn't have been worrying too much
about it when we did it, because you really did rip loose
with a lot of noise when you came.

J: You gave out some pretty theatrical groans yourself.
Anyway, I didn't say I was worrying - I said I was thinking.
I was mixed up. But part of it was, the idea turned me on -
and I wanted her to hear. I wanted to tell her "I'm fucking
your brother." See, I knew what you didn't, because she had
told me - that she fantasized about you - had watched you
masturbate, had gone and looked at your sheets and your
underwear after you jerked off in them - and had even
brought your underpants back to her own room to masturbate
with.

D: Well at some level I knew there was something going on. I
always wanted her, always fantasized about her, from the
earliest time she started to develop - when she was about
twelve. And I felt vibes coming from her. God she was a sexy
twelve year old ...

J: Some things never change..

D: I remember once I walked by outside a downstairs room
when she was changing, without the shades drawn, and I saw
her little budding breasts... she gave me this hot little
shy smile when she saw me looking, before she covered up!
And though we never touched each other in a sexual way, I
knew she was interested in me. Of course I didn't know she
watched me masturbating through the bathroom keyhole - but I
imagined her there... 

J: So there we are, fucking away like crazy, making noises
like a grade-B porn flick - we finish up with wild yells and
groans - and then, enter Lady MacBeth!

D: That I'll never forget - the door flying open - her
standing there, in her nightgown - shit, she never wore a
nightgown, I know she put that on for effect - and that wild
look on her face.

J: "Are you guys trying to make me crazy?" That's what I
remember her saying.

D: Something like that - "make me crazy," or "drive me
crazy."

J: I'm sure it was "make me crazy."

D: I say "Oh sorry, could you hear us" - trying to be cool.

J: That's when she says we could have slept downstairs in
your parents' bedroom if we had wanted to be private - we
must have wanted her to hear. We protested about that...

D: I said "Sure, we are going to sleep in mom and dad's
bed." That was when she laughed...

J: The Princess - taking charge.

D: She says: "You guys stayed up here because you want me to
hear you fucking." You know, you and I didn't even use that
word then with each other - I mean I thought to a girl it
made sex seemed dirty... 

J: And I thought it did - a girl wouldn't say it to a boy,
even her boyfriend she was doing it with - though I said it
with Princess, plenty!

D: "Well if I'm going to have to listen to it, I want to do
it" - that's  what she said. 

J: And then: "I'm already fucking Judy, and now I want to
fuck you, David."

D: I looked at you - you looked at me - 

J: I was really scared - I thought you would be shocked and
disgusted when you learned about me and Princess.

D: I was stunned, I think, but I probably was more excited
than upset or disgusted...

J: We were sitting up in bed, sweaty and wet from sex..

D: I remember, she sat down cross-legged on the bed - I
could see her nipples through the thin nightgown, and they
were erect... She laughed again, that low throaty laugh of
hers, and started talking to me... She hoped I didn't mind
about you two girls - it wouldn't interfere with you and me
 ... she had always been hot for me - you and she had talked
about that and got off on it ... She knew that I had always
been hot for her - I remember her looking directly at me
when she said that- she laughed again, and that was so
exciting. 

J: Then she was telling you about watching from the bathroom
through the keyhole while you beat off on your bed...

D: And she was asking me how I imagined her when I jacked
off to her - was she sucking me off, or were we fucking, or
was she masturbating, or being whipped... all of them were
things I HAD imagined - God, I felt like she'd been inside
my head. And then she asked if I hadn't tried to spy on her
naked - actually, I had earlier on, like when I was 14 or
15, but I never had any luck and was afraid of getting
caught, so I had stopped.

J: And she leaned forward and said something to the effect
of - well, here I am for you. And God, almost like now - she
talked about how she got wet and her nipples got hard
thinking about you, and thinking about you and me. It's
incredible - I can't talk that way even today, not as well
as she could then. And she was still a virgin!

D: Well, technically, but you two had done plenty...

J: That's true, and she was always the one who did the dirty
talking - sometimes I thought she was just too crude, but
mostly she really excited me. 

D: She said she wanted to touch you - and feel where I had
come in you - that the two of you had talked about it, about
her touching you and licking you when you still had my come
in you, and now she wanted to do it.

J: It was like I was hypnotized - she reached out and
touched my breast - and then moved in and kissed me - and
before I knew it, she was stroking me, where you had just
left your wetness in me.

D: And I could see you were excited - and I was coming back
fast, getting hard. We were still naked, and she reached
over and put her hand on my cock. There was no choice in it
for me. Hypnotized - yeah, that's the way I felt too.

J: The virgin orchestrates her own deflowering... 

D: She pulled off her nightgown - got you to kiss her
breasts - then got me to do it - imagine, no guy had even
done THAT with her before that night! God, I was hard and
excited by then! I don't remember thinking about incest - I
don't think the word crossed my mind - I guess I had
fantasized about her so much ... 

J: We just didn't take any initiative, it was all her. I
remember her pulling me in to her and spreading her legs -
and I just started to lick her, as I had so many times
before. And she said that - "Dave, Judy has licked me like
this so many times - it makes me so hot, so wet..." I don't
know - that porno talk, I couldn't do it without sounding
fake and I still can't - it just comes out of her naturally,
like she's making conversation.

D: And she kept talking to me while you did it - "Judy tells
me you really know how to lick a girl and make her hot, make
her come... Please David, show me, do it to me." And then
she pushed you aside and pulled me down into her. And I
started licking her - I remember her thick dark bush, and
the intense smell of her ... Jesus, babe, this makes me so
hot - do you remember it all? 

J: Oh Dave, I'm hot too ... Touch me, honey, feel me - feel
your come in me. You're all hard again - let me suck you -
go on, tell what happened while I suck you...

D: Oh god - yes... like that... And she got all excited when
I started eating her, and she pulled on my head, pulling me
into her crotch. "Oh, Dave, my big brother, suck my clit,
lick my cunt" - "cunt" was another forbidden word - girls
never said it around guys or guys to girls.   

J: Well honey my cunt wants you now - I want you to fuck me,
Dave. Fuck me now the way you fucked her then.

D: Yes, get on top... that's it - ohhh, yessss... And then
she came, groaning and writhing - she was fucking my face,
pullng me into her, and saying all the words I had never
heard a girl say - "eat me, eat my pussy, make me come." And
then she pulled away, and rolled on top of me - like this.
And she lowered herself down on me - like this. She said
"this is the first time I've had a cock inside me - I want
it to be yours, my brother's cock - fuck your little
sister." Oh Judy, fuck me now.. grind down on me...

J: Did you feel she was a virgin - feel her maidenhead?

D: God I was thinking more like it was MY first time - I
really didn't feel anything breaking - it was tight, and
wet, and hot - she didn't cry out or anything... 

J: Honey, shall I touch your asshole?

D: Oh yes - get your finger wet and rim me - get me wet
there while you fuck down on me. 

J: And then she rolled on her back... 

D: I came out, and had to get back in once I was on top -
and she helped ... 

J: And she was telling me what she wanted me to do...

D: Oh god ... Yes: "Lick his asshole - lick my big brother's
asshole, and help him shoot his come in my pussy."

J: And I did... I didn't even hesitate.

D: Oh, baby, I remember the incredible feeling - so hot,
your sweet lips, your little tongue probing me, so dirty ...
Baby, put your finger in there now and move it, feel me - I
love that... 

J: You know what you really want. You want to be fucked in
the ass, you little slut fag. You want her to do it to you -
she's there, the Princess is back there, with a double
dildo, the big end in her pussy, and sliding the little end
into your asshole. Now she's fucking you with it, while you
are fucking me - you feel it deep in there - oh it makes you
harder in me...

D: Oh, shit - Princess - I'm coming - oh fuck - oh fuck - oh
DO IT TO ME ...

J: Yesssss... the princess is fucking you ...

D: Fuck me - Princess! ...

 .....

J: Two nights in a row - and then twice in one night! It's
like a honeymoon, lover ... Sweet dreams. 

D: Mmmm... Sweet dreams, honey. 

Together: All together now: Sweet dreams, Princess
[chuckle].

                           =====================
                        PRINCESS'S COURT, CHAPTER 4
                                by Plainman
                                   -30-




                        PRINCESS'S COURT, CHAPTER 5

                                 "Claire"

                                by Plainman

                        an10176@anon.nymserver.com


Princess: It's me, sweetie.

Judy: Hi Princess - here I am, seduced and abandoned...

P: Oh don't give me that, you horny housewife - I know
you've been wearing out my poor frail brother ...

J: Well things HAVE been pretty spicy around here the last
few days, thanks to you. But actually tonight we're just
lying here in bed reading, and I'm about to go to sleep.

P: Oh sweetie, that sounds so nice! Trooper and I NEVER seem
to get a relaxed evening at home and a good night's sleep.
Too hectic a life. You know what we could use - a wife! Do
you know of a good service? ... Like tonight, I was supposed
to work until about 7 and he was going to be here earlier
for the kids - then he had an emergency come up on this case
that's going to trial, so I had to cancel my last meeting
and rush home, and now he won't be back until after
midnight. I've got the kids in bed, and have some stuff I'm
bursting to tell someone about - well, I'll give you a hint,
Claire called and she and Jerry are coming. Since I don't
have Troop to spill it to, well naturally I turned your way.
But listen, get to sleep and I'll tell you later...

J: How about talking to Dave, and he can tell me tomorrow? -

P: Sounds good - check with him...

J: Honey, Claire called Princess, and she can't wait to tell
about it - are you awake enough to talk? ... Princess, he
perked right up - he's going down to his computer room and
he'll talk to you down there - I'll stay on til he gets
there. Love, that was so nice the other day ... well "nice"
doesn't quite capture it, but you know what I mean.

P: Well let's see: You are my oldest and dearest friend, and
I love you more than I can say - and you are one hot bitch,
too. OK?

J: Oh love - well you always were the one who had the way
with words...

P: Listen, I'm still in the grip of raging hormones or
whatever - would you mind if Dave and I happened to drift
into a little phone sex while you were off in dreamland?
This Claire thing has some sexy angles...

J: That's fine with me, honey, if somehow you can get a rise
out of him - I'm sore and worn out and into a little
celibacy after what we've been up to - you wouldn't believe
it...

P: Sweetie, remember who you're talking to...

J: Of course - madness - I forgot myself...  Well there's
Dave - have fun, guys, don't do anything I wouldn't do -
night, night.

David: Night, lover. [Judy hangs up.]

D: What was that all about - "have fun, guys"?

P: Never you mind.

D: Were you two plotting something?

P: I just wanted to make sure I wasn't interrupting
anything... 

D: Princess, goddamit, you were asking her if you could
borrow me for phone sex tonight - you two are passing around
boytoys again...

P: My god, what an ego! Men! The constant fantasy that some
poor deprived woman needs your mighty engine of procreation
for her fulfillment... or, for god's sake, your poor halting
strangled voice on the other end of a phone line! If I want
to get myself off here in my lonely bed, don't you suppose I
have my own resources - which don't include the uphill
battle to have a human conversation with some dialogically
impaired MALE OF THE SPECIES!

D: Very good, Princess, eloquence never fails you, even at
the end of a long day - OK, go on - I'll just sit here and
listen, poor chromosomally challenged creature that I am... 

P: You speak truth, wise man.

D: OK - so Claire called - what's going on?

P: Well it's so fucking WEIRD talking to her. I mean I
really do like the woman, and of course she is family, and
on top of that she, um, plays this SPECIAL ROLE in our lives
- but I have to figure out what everybody wants, and arrange
for everybody to get it, without ever talking about it!

D: She's coming down to visit and she wants to fuck Trooper.

P: See - whose brother are you? - you can just come out and
say it!

D: You know what's REALLY weird - the way all this stuff has
come down over these last few days - kind of a hormone storm
passing through our peaceful little lives. It all came on
top of your little escapade in Denver - and I think you've
brought most of it on us yourself - but this one seems
independent of that. Or is it?

P: Well... mostly.

D: OK, out with it... 

P: Well, it did occur to me we hadn't seen her and Jerry for
a while, so I DID send her a postcard from Denver, just to
remind her we were alive...

D: And she called back responding to your invitation for a
family visit, and somehow didn't blurt out right off the bat
that she wants to fuck her brother. Gee, that really makes
her weird...  Honestly Princess you are really a piece of
work...

P: A what? - I'M a piece of work! Well FUCK YOU! 

D: Now Princess...

P: Shut up, you fucker! Yes, it's my fault - it's all my
fault, always my fault, everything is my fault. Princess,
Princess, fucking Princess! ... Oh let's see - mmmm - we're
starting to feel old - lets whip Princess's ass and make her
cry and get off on it - instant rejuvenation! 

D: Princess - hey, sweetheart - I love you. We all love you
- what would we do without you?

P: Yes - what WOULD you all do without me? Maybe I'll let
you find out sometime...

D: Sweetheart, I don't know what's going on, but I'm sorry -
please tell it your way - what happened with Claire, what
was so weird?

P: Oh shit - I don't know what sets me off... Look, Dave,
here's the deal. Yes, I thought it was time to see Claire
again, and that's why I sent the card from Denver. I can
tell Trooper misses her - and I bet she misses Troop.
Anyway, I can tell when he starts making wistful little
noises about their magical childhood together. But would he
pick up the phone and invite her down. NOOOOOO! The little
woman is supposed to sense these things, with her woman's
intuition, and make all the arrangements - because of course
household logistics are woman's sphere, even when she's
FUCKING billing 2000 hours a year and earning three-quarters
of the family FUCKING income!

D: Sweetheart, I'm not trying to be critical or anything,
but is it just a coincidence that you decided Trooper needed
to see Claire again right at the same time you decided to go
to bed with another guy - and tell Trooper about it?

P: Look, fuck you - I did that because I felt like it, and
because it wouldn't do any harm - I had been working so
damned hard and I needed a little fun.

D: And you just HAD to call Troop at 2 in the morning to
tell him about it, and HAD to play a tape of yourself
fucking this guy?

P: OK, OK - maybe I thought the fire could use a little
stirring... who is going to make things happen around here
if I don't?

D: So how did it go - with Claire?

P: Well, she calls, we chat a little about the kids,
perfunctorily about my work - which she isn't interested in,
I don't blame her - the weather here, the weather there -
then, uh, well when can you guys come down and see us, we
miss you. And she names a couple of weekends, and one of
them I'm off on a business trip - I was tempted to ask them
down for that one - that would have been a winner. They
would have sat around all weekend with the kids whining, and
then dragged back home on Sunday afternoon leaving Troop and
Claire looking like two constipated Norwegian farmers whose
crops just failed. But of course we settled on a weekend I'm
going to be here - the mistress of ceremonies. Well then I
need to perk her up, without seeming in any way to allude to
the subject, so I say that I'm looking forward to seeing all
of them, but especially to getting away with the kids and
Jerry, who I so rarely get to see -- the two of us will take
all the kids to the beach or the lake or whatever -
implication: some nice long trip to a distant spot, where
we'll be sure to be caught in plenty of weekend traffic - so
she and Troop can have an afternoon together.  I tell her I
worry they don't get enough time to catch up on old times,
and letters and phone calls just aren't enough, are they? -
all very bright and cheerful and innocent sounding -

D: That must have been the greatest challenge of all...

P: Shit, sweetie, I conduct business five or six days a week
without giving off hardly a whiff a' pussy - you don't get
any respect as a woman lawyer if you can't shift into
neutral and coast.

D: As long as you can get it into gear when it counts...

P: No kidding [giggles] - that reminds me - you should have
seen this guy, CEO of a big company, about 60, full of ego
and testosterone, one of our rival firms had been working
him over on the FUCKING GOLF COURSE Sunday after Sunday. I
get him aside for a drink late one Friday afternoon - and we
have the retainer signed the next morning. I swear I didn't
touch the guy and he didn't touch me, and if you had a tape
of our conversation you could not convict me of flirting,
even if flirting were a crime. But honestly, it was so
EASY... Goddamit, Dave, if you ever repeat this to ANYONE
I'll have your balls off with rusty scissors...

D: Sweetheart, sweetheart, no need to reveal your uglier
fantasies, your trade secrets are safe with me.

P: Listen, what I'm saying is - Trooper yearns to fuck
Claire, Claire yearns to fuck Trooper. But neither of them
would lift a finger to make it happen - if I didn't set it
up for them, it would never come off. We would spend a nice
boring family weekend together and Jerry and Claire and the
kids would leave. Then Troop would mope around my house, and
Claire would mope around Jerry's even more than she already
does - only poor fucking Jerry wouldn't know the difference,
any more than he knows his bride wasn't a virgin on her
wedding night...

D: So what else do you do for them - reserve a motel room?

P: Are you kidding? Those two sweet innocent children
wouldn't do anything so downright INTENTIONAL as go to a
motel - no, they will fuck right in our good old marital
bed. They talk, go for a walk, sit next to each other on the
couch - someone's hand brushes someone else's - they bump
into each other - all of a sudden they can't help themselves
and are clutching each other - and "oh no we mustn't" and
"they might come back" but "really we have hours still," and
"here let me" and "oh god, oh god," and squish and squash and
things go bump. And Claire, being a housewife herself, makes
sure she puts a towel she has brought with her under them so
there isn't any wet spot, and she probably scrutinizes the
sheets for loose pubic hairs... the poor thing! I only wish
Troop could tell her I know, and I approve, and I cheer them
on, and I wish her every happiness - and she and I could hug
and laugh a little with each other and compare notes on what
a nice cock Trooper has!

D: No way, huh?

P: He says not, and I've never been able to talk him into
letting ME tell her - I know damn well I could do it - I've
seduced much more resistant people than dear Claire. She
likes me - even if she thinks I'm a little coarse, and maybe
a slightly negligent mother... Jeez, you know sweetie, I
could tell her how Troop and I are bonded together as incest
survivors...

D: Princess, goddamn it...

P: Don't worry, sweetie, your criminal past as a statutory
rapist and incestuous child abuser is safe with me - and
anyway the statute of limitations has run... 

D: If anyone's an incest survivor around here, it's me...
But you know it IS quite a coincidence, Troop and you, both
having your first sex with a sibling. 

P: Well, first penetration anyway... You know, I sometimes
wonder if it really is a coincidence. We told each other the
second time we slept together - we were already falling in
love - but you know, it was another bond - made it seem
there was something fated about us being together. 

D: Princess, I really doubt if Troop and Claire's thing was
ANYTHING like our little initiation. You know Judy and I
were going over it again last night...

P: Yes, you two practically raped me, and poor Claire
certainly wouldn't be capable of anything like that...

D: Raped! If anyone got raped it was the two of us - we both
agreed you had us hypnotized...

P: Oh, sure, a seventeen-year old virgin HYPNOTIZED her
older brother and his girl-friend into taking her virginity
- two perverted sex maniacs who were driving her crazy by
fucking each other's brains out in the room next to hers and
making sure she heard them, when there was a perfectly good
private bedroom they could have used...

D: Well let's not argue about it. It was one of the best
things that ever happened to me - and I know to Judy too ...

P: My goodness - you sweet man! - you just took all the
fight out of me. Hey, you know I feel the same too ...

D: So remind me - how DID it happen with Claire and Troop?

P: I thought you'd never ask! How can Scheherazade do her
number without a sexy story to tell? Though you've heard
this one before, I'm sure...

D: Well they all improve in the retelling...

P: Sweetie- 

D: I know, "What are you wearing?" Right now, an extra long
football jersey, no underpants... 

P: Oh sweetie - you know your little sister too well ...
Well, I'm wearing a regular length t-shirt, also no panties,
so my cute little pussy is exposed - well of course I'm
under the covers - the t-shirt is a thick cotton one, so you
can't really tell from looking at me when my nipples get
hard...

D: Have you played with yourself already tonight?

P: No sweetie, I was saving myself for you - actually I was
saving myself for fucking Trooper until he called and said
it would be midnight... anyway, now you are the man of my
dreams and fantasies... How about you, when did you last
fuck your cute little wifey? 

D: Three nights ago, but we did it twice and it was wild -
that was the night we went down memory lane...

P: Ooooh, that must have been hot, you two reinforcing each
others' lies about your poor Princess... Have you jacked off
since then? 

D: No, I've been purifying myself for you... So, tell, tell.
Is your pussy wet yet?

P: I'm definitely on my way... Well - you know Troop and
Claire were the only kids, and she is twenty months older.
They were together a lot as children, because they spent
summers on a farm their family owned, and there weren't that
many other kids around...

D: So they learned about the birds and the bees...

P: Actually, it was pigs and goats, and yes, they really
were farm kids, all that animal husbandry going on all
around ... But their parents were strict and conservative,
and never talked about sex. You know how Claire looks - a
tall good-looking big-boned woman, fair skinned, an English
type - well she grew very tall early, the way big girls do,
and being much taller than all the boys her age, and shy,
she didn't have any boyfriends through her early teens, even
at school.

D: And Troop?

P: He was a boy's boy - sports, scouts, all that stuff, very
active at school, cute and fairly popular with girls - but
as I say, not a lot of friends around in the summer, and
Claire and he used to go for long walks, swim at a swimming
hole, all that corny Norman Rockwell stuff.

D: Oh god I can feel a great juicy Norman Rockwell fuck
coming on...

P: Aren't they the best kind? - wholesome depravity,
innocent lust... Anyway, they both loved to read - and since
it wasn't cool for Troop to admit that to his male sports
buddies, he talked about books for hours at a time with
Claire.

D: Paolo and Francesca...

P: That's it ... Anyway, cutting to the chase, Claire goes
off to college, and during her freshman year she falls in
love and loses her virginity to an intense young Jewish
intellectual...

D: Oh, oh, shikse problem...

P: Yep - when mama gets wind of it she puts on the screws
and little Portnoy gets guilt-tripped into dumping
poor Claire - who is really heartbroken. This happens right
at the end of the school year. As a junior in high school,
Troop has going out with a disgusting little cheerleader,
the essence of perky inanity - who carefully doles out
occasional doses of bare tit, but won't let him in her
pants.

D: Or open his.

P: Certainly not that... Anyway, Troop and Claire are up at
the family farm in June, and the parents go back to the city
for the night, leaving them alone.

D: This cheerleader - what was her name? - did Troop bang
her later? 

P: Peggy Fucking Denkweiler. Nope - he never got there. So
of course one of his favorite fantasies is recreating the
scenes that never happened, their wild high-school backseat
fucking sessions - you know, her little chubby feet drumming
on the steamed-up windows, her little blond cheerleader hair
all matted with sweat hanging across her forehead, her eyes
rolled back and her mouth wide open, her cute pleated little
cheerleader skirt up around her waist, her little flowered
yellow panties draped over the back of the front seat, and
him driving his great big cock into her wet pink little
cheerleader honeybox while she utters high-pitched
cheerleader cries ...

D: Oh Princess, you do have a way with words...

P: Hard yet?

D: Nice and hard - cheerleaders'll do it every time - and
here a couple of nights ago I was thinking I'd give up sex
for life...

P: My nipples are hard - I'm playing with them - lying on my
back - knees up and apart - sliding my hand down, oooh yes,
I've gotten nice and wet - must be imagining Troop's nice
big cock sliding into little Peggy's pussy -

D: So Claire and Troop -

P: Oh yes. Well, it's like the good old days, in a way, but
in a way not - she has this air of sadness. Also, this
glamor for him, his big sister away at college... Of course
he associates college with sex, though he doesn't yet
specifically know what she's been doing. And he has typical
raging teenage hormones - of course sublimated - so
romantic, his intellectual spiritual sister. Anyway with the
place to themselves, they make a cozy dinner - she actually
makes a salad and cooks something, and being a mature woman
now, she opens a bottle of their parents' wine. Pretty soon
over dinner and after a couple of glasses, she is pouring
out the story of her love and betrayal - even talks freely
about sex with Joel - the passion, how beautiful it was -
and how betrayed and empty she feels now. He tells her about
his romance with the cheerleader, and when she questions him
he tells her what they do and don't do, and horny and
frustrated he is. Then they come back to Claire and Joel,
and one more glass of wine pushes her over the edge and she
starts crying and can't stop. Troop comes over to her and
puts his arms around her and she hugs him back. 

D: Oh this is sweet, and painful - Princess - I'm there, I'm
him - are you her?

P: Well you know we don't have a lot in common - but, yes,
there's some kind of sisterhood of the pains of adolescence
- yep, I can remember loving Mr. Herskog and I couldn't do
anything about it except talk endlessly to him, and gaze
deep into his eyes, and the pain of waiting for boys to call
and ask me out and they never would...

D: So - they kiss?

P: Yes - she is still crying and he is holding her - and she
turns her face toward him, and all of a sudden they are
kissing, and then with their mouths open. They lie down on
the couch, and when Troop's hard-on presses against her, she
doesn't pull away. Then she pushes him back, and sits up,
and he thinks she is going to call a halt - he desperately
wants to go on, but can't take the initiative with his big
sister. But she says - "you are so sweet, I want to give you
what your girlfriend won't let you have." And she unbuttons
her shirt and takes off her bra, and he strokes her breasts,
pulling the nipples gently toward him. She reaches down and
touches him between his legs, and shapes her hand to his
cock and strokes it.

D: Oh damn, this is hot - I'm such a sucker for innocent
young love.

P: Hey, and for brother sister sex! Well, there's nothing
dramatic about their lovemaking, except it is the first for
him. They finish undressing, and go to his bedroom. He
touches her pussy and tries to do what he's read about in
the books, and indeed he actually manages to find her clit,
get some moisture on his fingers and stroke it. But this
only lasts a short time - she lies back with her legs apart,
and gets him to kneel between them, and then takes him and
guides him into her. Aaah, it's heaven, and of course he
comes practically right away. 

D: Hey, what about birth control?

P: She's still on the pill - she was taking it for Joel.
Anyway, they hug and kiss and cuddle afterwards, according
to Troop neither of them feeling guilty or ashamed. He gets
hard again, and they do it again, and he lasts longer, but
still she doesn't come by the time he does. They get up and
go back into the kitchen naked and get some pie and eat it
with some milk - 

D: God, Norman Rockwell sex!

P: No kidding - anyway, they go back to bed, and the sturdy
young warrior gets hard yet again, and this time Claire gets
on top where she can control her own destiny - and he is so
proud and happy when she gets all red and goose-bumpy and
comes for him. They spend the night in bed together and make
love again in the morning. Well, that's it, no bells or
whistles.

D: And after the weekend?

P: Trooper mopes around for the first half of his senior
year in high school - writes her endless letters - doesn't
go out with girls. Then at a Christmas party he meets a girl
he likes and they start going out. They sleep together in
the Spring, and go out till they break up half way through
their first year in college. Claire doesn't get a new boy
friend during her sophomore year. She and Trooper don't make 
love again, either, but they talk endlessly, and tell each
other all the details of their lives, their hopes, dreams,
and loves. Claire meets Jerry junior year - a conservative
religious  boy, doesn't approve of sex before marriage.
Claire falls in love with him and pretends to be a virgin,
and they get married at the end of their senior year. 

D: So how did she and Troop start sleeping together again?

P: Well that's after I enter the picture...

D: I think I would have guessed that.

P: Troop and I get together five years after Claire and
Jerry get married. Of course I'm telling Troop about me and
you - and Judy - the second time we sleep together - and he
tells me about Claire. I meet her, I like her - we have
quite a few girl-talks, get fairly intimate - you know how I
am, sweetie. 

D: I do, indeed I do - but she doesn't know that you know. 

P: No - Troop has sworn me to silence. I figure out Jerry is
a nice but limited man - he doesn't have the passion for
books that Troop and she have, and very limited in the sex
and romance department.

D: Geez, how does that come out?

P: Well, no juicy details, but I get the picture that they
don't make love that much, and when they do she doesn't get
much satisfaction from it. And she admits to having a former
love, someone Jerry doesn't know about, and she fantasizes
about him a lot. Well of course I tell Troop about this, and
it sets him off - he starts writing to her again, and they
get into this intense phone and letter thing, and I know he
is mooning about her. I dig it out of him in my little
way...

D: Oh God, poor Troop...

P: No, it was very pleasant for him - I got him to fantasize
openly about her, and fed his fantasies, and encouraged
them. I didn't put their relationship down at all - said it
was romantic, and it was, such a sweet thing. So I tell him
it would be good for him - and especially for poor Claire -
if they could make love again. Well, Dave, it was a pretty
easy sell to Troop - especially given the altruistic angle.

D: What about the logistics?

P: Yes, that was the hard part. I was making various plans -
then providence lent a hand, and their mom got cancer. 

D: Well how considerate of her... 

P: It WAS very said. But they ended up spending a lot of
time with her, and helping their father, who was a basket
case - so they were together alone a lot, in emotionally
charged circumstances.

D: So you didn't have to push them into bed.

P: Well, I didn't say that. They aren't sleeping together
while all this is going on, and Troop can't use the tragedy
to seduce his sister. So I have to take a hand. I go down
there with Troop one time, when Claire is also going to be
there, and I charge in and take over everything and tell
them they have been draining the life out of themselves at
the sickbed, and they have to get away for a day - their
mother and father both need them to be well and rested. 

D: Ever the skilled advocate...

J: Actually, I'm a transactional lawyer, but I would be a
good advocate... So anyway I rent them a cabin in the
mountains for a night, with two bedrooms.

D: So you DID get them a fucking motel room...

P: Well, yes once, but of course I could only do it once
because that time they went off not PLANNING to sleep
together, at least Claire. But I had primed Troop to make
the right moves, not that he needed a lot of advice - what
he needed was approval and permission - and of course the
thing happened. 

D: Details, details...

P: Do you think I would try to pry into the prurient
details... ?

D: Of course.

P: Well then would I violate the confidence of the marital
bed...?

D: Honey, let me tell you, I'm playing with my cock - it's
gotten very hard - and now I'm running my fingers lightly
back over my balls, feels very good...

P: How about further back?

D: The  taint? - mmm... it's got a hard little knot in it...

P: Further...

D: Well that sounds interesting, and I might be persuaded to
do something there - and maybe even tell about it if I could
hear some details...

P: Well - it was a lot like the first time, and it set the
pattern for every time since. They always have something to
drink - she doesn't drink much otherwise - and they get
themselves into a situation where they are sitting next to
each other and talking intimately. She starts to cry. That
was certainly not hard to do when their mom was dying of
cancer. He comforts her. They kiss. The clothes get off, and
they get into bed, and do what they do.

D: And that's?

P: Well, you know Trooper. He is a very vigorous and
passionate lover...

D: That boy is SO butch... 

P: So it seems when they have time and space and don't have
to rush, they have really nice sex. There are these special
connections - they are a brother and sister who grew up
together and spent a lot of time together and have a lot in
common - and she was his first lover, and he her second.
They do everything either of them wants to do, and they come
back with a big happy glow of satisfaction on their face -
thank god Jerry is as obtuse as he is, because it's hard not
to see what's up. Every time together for them is a
honeymoon, a special time, and I don't believe they have
ever had less than wonderful sex together.

D: Princess?

P: Yeah, Dave?

D: You are a big romantic pushover, and I love you.

P: You are a sweetheart yourself.

D: I'm feeling real good, but I don't think I'm going to go
all the way with the phone sex tonight ... does that leave
you out there high and dry? 

P: No it's absolutely OK sweetie - this has been great - I
feel real close to you. Give Judy a kiss for me...

D: Night, love.

P: Night.

                           =====================
                        PRINCESS'S COURT, CHAPTER 5
                                 "Claire"
                                by Plainman
                                   -30-




                        PRINCESS'S COURT, CHAPTER 6

                            "Motion to Dismiss"

                                by Plainman

                        an10176@anon.nymserver.com


Trooper: Judy called me - she wants to have lunch.

Princess: Trooper's gonna get lucky! Trooper's gonna get
lucky!

T: Honestly, Princess, you do have a one-track mind - no,
she said she and Dave had been talking about Family Court,
and they had some problems they wanted to discuss.

P: Does this mean they want to change the fucking date? ...
that was the only day that would work. Shit, Trooper it is
IMPOSSIBLE to schedule this thing - we have to get the kids
out of the house, on the same night, to different people
because they have different friends, without making it look
like we're trying to get our kids out of the house when we
are home... which looks kinda suspicious.

T: Why can't we just tell whoever takes the kids that we are
going away overnight?

P: Uh, HELLOOOH! Did it ever occur to you that we have to
leave a phone number where we can be reached, in case
something's wrong with the kids? Men - it's a good thing men
run wars as well as doing the fighting - if you were better
at organizing things, you'd have killed each other off. And
now here I am - what a stupid woman - I'm FUCKING arranging
the scheduling of this FUCKING nightmare where I am going to
be FUCKING abused and humiliated...

T: Um, Princess, I hate to interrupt the riff - I don't
think Judy and Dave's problems are with the date - I got the
feeling they may have some actual doubts about the whole
thing. Which would be too bad, because if they won't come,
I'll have to invite a couple of random homeless people off
the streets to watch you get punished. 

P: Like shit you will - But that is touching! Maybe it even
started to bother them a little - the idea of getting off on
watching their sister get tortured and humiliated.

T: That's my Princess - wants to dance, but not pay the
piper.

P: Oh Sweetie... my big strong Trooper - you know, you COULD
just spank me - I would be so contrite - and you would feel
better, and it WOULD hurt - you spank HARD - and I'd cry and
I'd get excited too, and we'd have great makeup sex...

T: We ARE going to have great makeup sex - right down in the
basement a week from Saturday night - with David and Judy
there, once I deal with their little problems. And it IS
just a spanking, only it's a real BIG spanking - for
unbelievably outrageous conduct. 

P: Oh come on, Troop, you aren't perfect - you could slip up
with one of those bimbos in your office...

T: But I don't. And if I did, I wouldn't tape it for your
edification. And I wouldn't tell her that my wife was
frigid, or didn't understand me, and tape it, and play it to
you. 

P: Sweetie, it wasn't like that AT ALL - I just told him you
were a sweet man and that I had a dark side.

T: Yes, you do have a dark side, and I have one too, and you
are about to experience mine - you said it was part of what
you married me for, and I wouldn't want to disappoint you.

P: My Trooper... I do love you when you get stern. Poor
Billy just couldn't be stern enough with me, and after a
while my little pussy didn't get juicy for him - even though
he was very sweet ...  But listen, Troop, honestly - we can
have Dave and Judy over to play that Saturday night, and
make it a little spanking session - they get to watch me go
over your knee, and then we all roll around together - up in
our nice bedroom instead of that nasty basement - hey, Judy
might suck you off and swallow your slimy stuff - which I
don't like doing very much. 

T: Nice try, Princess. No, you are going to suffer - and
have a great deal of pleasure too, the pleasure that comes
when accounts are set right. And if I want you to suck me
off and swallow it, you will be DELIGHTED to do just that -
given the alternatives.

P: Ooooh, Trooper, you make me shiver when you talk that way
... But listen, none of this changes the basic point about
lunch with Judy - I'm telling you, she wants you to fuck
her.

T: I don't see it - I can't assume it.

P: Sweetie, if you don't assume it, it won't happen - she's
not going to say "Take me, Trooper, take me" - but if you do
take her, you'll make her a happy woman.

T: But what makes you think...

P: Here's a little test - did you make a weekday lunch date? 

T: Yes, Thursday.

P: Well, call her and suggest making it Saturday instead, so
you don't have to rush back to the office and the two of you
can have a little more time together - if she agrees, she
wants to get laid, consciously or unconsciously...

T: Hmmm, maybe ... I still don't see what makes you think - 
Gee Princess I don't know - I'd love to - what makes  you
think that's what she wants?

P: First off, ANY woman would love to get you between her
legs - oh look! - you are cute when you blush! Second, she
has had you before, and has always been VERY satisfied.
Third, we've had this hormone storm, if I can quote my dear
bro, and she's been getting a lot of sex, and we all know
that sex tends to breed more sex, at least for a while.
Fourth, it's been a long time since she did it with anyone -
well, I guess should say any MAN - except David. And you are
such a CONTRAST to his sweet sensitive oral ways - a
contrast that appeals to her a lot.

T: Well I just don't want to make a fool of myself - but I
call and see about Saturday.

P: That's my Troop - and listen - when you get her there, do
that thing where you take her hand, fix her with your eyes,
and then pinch the little pad where her thumb meets her
index finger...

****

Trooper: No, I don't think it's an act. Of course it hurts,
and she loses control - the crying is very real - it's that
loss of control that she needs and wants.

Judy: I can see that, but Troop, there are nicer ways to
lose control, and Princess knows all about them ... it can't
be necessary to her to suffer like that. 

T: Listen, I can't explain it, because I'm not that way -
and either are you - but she needs to be PUNISHED. Why else
would she do something like this Denver thing?

J: Maybe she's just trying to spice things up - lots of men
like to hear about their wives do it with other men.

T: And, hey, I'm one of those men - no doubt about it. But
I'm not the type who gets turned on by being humiliated -
no, it makes me angry - and that sets off my punitive side -
call it sadistic if you want. She makes me see red - and
then I want to LITERALLY see red, red stripes on her white
bottom, and the sound of her voice begging for mercy. 

J: Jeez, Troop, that's a little scary...

T: Look - it's not politically correct - but it's the way I
am. And Princess knows that - so when she does something
like that, she wants the consequences - she expects me to be
consistent.

J: Well that's true - she's told me that many a time ... And
there was Billy.

T: Well, she did mention Billy just the other day - when we
were talking about this. 

J: He was so much like Dave - I thought she would marry him.
But after a while he started to bore her - no, wrong word, 
that makes her sound silly and childish, it was fundamental
dissatisfaction - when she pushed on him, leaned on him, and
he wouldn't push back, whatever it was they had together
went out of it for her.

T: Look, I'm not trying to make a case for myself... 

J: No, Troop, don't apologize - you are great ... She's
really happy with you ... She loves you. Hey, I love you
too! You are such a good, smart, decent man - and such a
hunk. God, I couldn't live with your inner cave man though
... really the first time you hit me, it would be out the
door...              

T: Hey, dammit Judy, wait - I've NEVER hit her, I've never
hit any woman - except as part of something I know she
wants.

J: I'm sorry Troop, I know, it's different. But God, I
listened to that tape the other day...

T: When you were defiling my home...

J: Oh God it was great - mmmmm, mmmm! - But honestly, -
Troop, she was screaming - how can she WANT something that
hurts her that much?

T: She just does. And you know it - you've seen how turned
on she gets in those sessions...

J: That's true. God, the only time Dave and I tried a little
SM you know it turned out I liked the light spanking part,
but as soon as he hit me with his belt - once - that was the
end of romance - the pain completely turned me off... Hmmm
.. still, you know, I get very turned on WATCHING the scene
- I don't understand sex, Troop - does anyone?

T: [Laughs].. So, we'll see you and Dave a week from
tonight?

J: I guess so - I've got to talk to him - he was worried
after the other night.

T: They talked about me and Claire.

J: Yeah - Troop, she's just so good and generous! Why should
we hurt her?

T: I tell you, Judy, you are good and generous too - some
part of her needs it - I don't pretend to explain it, I just
supply it - when she does something that tells me she wants
it. And face it - yes she's good and generous, and she's
also incredibly perceptive, incredibly tireless - and then
we end up with her pulling the strings and pretty soon we
start feeling like puppets - gotta reverse that once in a
while...

J: Yeah - the bossy interfering bitch [giggles] ... But
Troop, she is very convincing that she DOESN'T want Family
Court - listen to her protests, her angry complaints - I
mean she got really ANGRY with Dave the other night - she
told him that we are parasites, that are feeling old and
using her pain to fend it off..

T: Look, it's no good for her unless she fights against it -
the same way it has to really hurt, really take away her
control. She can't say she wants it. It can't be just an
act. And it's not an act for me either - I really do want to
punish her, need to - I don't think it would work if had to
put it on.

J: OK. OK, Troop - look, you've made me feel better - I'll
talk to Dave... Hey - by the way, you're lookin' real good -
it's great to see you - I hope I didn't ruin your Saturday.

T: Quite the contrary. I can't think of a nicer way to spend
some time that to be with you, you beautiful creature.

J: Oooh, gallant - you can talk that way any time, and I
love it! But your golf game...?

T: Golf's an amusement - being with you is a very great
pleasure... 

J: Oh, Troop...

T: Look at me ... give me your hand.

J: My, sir, you are forward - and masterful - well there you
are. Gosh, I'm blushing - I feel like a school girl....
OOOH!

T: What did I just do to you?

J: You pinched the little pad on my hand - what a tingle!

T: Now kick off one of your sandals. 

J: Huh? Oh, OK - what's the game?

T: Watch me - look at me.

J: It's a pleasure - Grandma, what big eyes you have! 

T: Reach out with your foot - there's my leg?

J: Yes Troop - very nice - I think this is getting
naughty... OOOH, you pinched again!

T: Tingle?

J: Yes, yes it really does...

T: Where does it tingle?

J: God, Troop - up my arm...

T: And into your body...

J: Yes...

T: Your nipples - do you feel the tingle there?

J: Troop, listen maybe we should...

T: There - again - do you feel it between your legs?

J: Troop...

T: Slide your foot up ... yes like that - reach your foot
out - 

J: Ooooh Troop...  

T: What do you feel?

J: You're hard - you're big...

T: I've got a room reserved for us upstairs...

J: Troop - really! - I mean... 

T: Well, Judy my sweet, if you don't want to go up there,
you don't have to. But you do want to - so let's go...

.....

P: You're look great against the pillow, Judy... you are
such a beautiful woman - especially when you come - bright
red... it goes great with the big blue eyes and the yellow
hair... 

J: Oh God - wet sweaty hair, and bloodshot eyes. Troop, I
can't believe how WIDE OPEN you had me - 

P: You can put your legs up on my shoulders any time...

J: I felt like one of those frogs in biology lab ...
helpless, totally helpless, wonderfully helpless... and you
just DID me... filled me up with your great big old cock...

P: Beautiful, you just are ... beautiful... and so sexy.

J: I love it when you say that. But you know I don't feel
particularly beautiful... I feel better than beautiful ...
like a wet fucking animal... What I feel is ALIVE...


******

Princess: So, sweetie, how did the motion to dismiss turn
out - am I off the hook?

Trooper: Not a chance ... but you'll be glad to hear Judy
and Dave will be joining us - those homeless folks won't be
getting lucky... 

P: So - how did you snow poor Judy? The old bullshit pop
psych? My "special needs?" 

T: Nothing but the facts, ma'am - nothing but the facts.

P: It's all just what YOU want!

T: Yes, that too - and I said so - but it's also what you
brought on yourself... ...
 
P: Yeah, yeah ... And afterwards - did you pinch the little
pad on her hand?

T: God, Princess, that was just the right touch.

P: Well it worked on me in the old days - I'm sure it works
with all the girls.

T: There aren't any other girls, Princess.

P: Oh you are so disgustingly righteous - my judge, my lord
and master ... Did she talk dirty when you were fucking her?

T: Hey, what about privacy? 

P: Bullshit. Did she say "hard," and "wet," and "pussy," and
"cock?" Did she say "fuck me?"

T: Yes, I think all of the above, and very nicely too...

P: And it sounded natural?

T: Oh, very spontaneous.

P: The girl's learning...

T: Princess you aren't, like, giving her lessons...?

P: Men! ... I hope you didn't come more than once in that
tight little blonde pussy?

T: Just once, Princess.

P: OK, then shut up - and come over here, you asshole, it's
time to fuck your wife.

                           =====================
                        PRINCESS'S COURT, CHAPTER 6
                            "Motion to Dismiss"
                                by Plainman                   
                                   -30-




                        PRINCESS'S COURT, CHAPTER 7

                              "Family Court"

                               by  Plainman
                              
                        an10176@anon.nymserver.com



Princess: Hey, Troop.

Trooper: I was trying to get in without disturbing you,
Princess.

P: It's OK, sweetie, I was drifting - not quite asleep...
Has everyone left?

T: Yes, they're gone, honey - just go to sleep.

P: Give me a little hug, Troop - ooh, watch out - the whole
middle part is sore... There... that's nice. You OK?

T: Sure, Princess, now that justice has been done. 

P: Cute old Troop - you know you won't be gettin' any for a
few days?

T: That's OK, Princess...

P: I don't want you stepping out on me either - no Judy, no
bimbos at the office. 

T: There's never been anyone, Princess...

P: Well, Judy?

T: True.

P: And Claire?

T: Yes. Both under your careful supervision.

P: Sweetie - I don't want you to jack off for the next few
days, either...

T: OK, Princess.

P: Penance for being so mean to me tonight...

T: That wasn't mean, Princess ... it was what you had coming
to you. But I accept your penance.

P: Night, Troop.

T: Night, Princess. Sleep tight.

******

David: Hi Princess.

Princess: Oh you sweet thing, come in - you are a sight for
sore eyes.

D: You're lookin' good yourself - all repaired?

P: Yep, good as new. Listen, it's so sweet of Judy to take
the kids for dinner - Janey's dropping them off there on her
way home - you can't believe what it's like for me to leave
the office this early. 

D: Busy, huh?

P: Well, we just closed this deal - that's why I can do this
today. But the finishing touches were only last night, and
it's been gangbusters - I even had to go in on Sunday, the
day after our night court session.

D: Work standing up a lot?

P: Very funny - actually I did have one of those donut
pillows - you know people don't ask, they assume its
hemorrhoids. Well listen - enough of that. Are you ready for
the show?

D: Not only ready, but honored to be invited to the
premiere.

P: Listen, sweetie, I'm not going to tell Troop we watched
the tape - he shouldn't get the satisfaction, so keep it to
yourself. 

D: Doesn't he know I'm here?

P: Oh sure, and if anything naughty happens, I'll tell him
ALL about that - it's just watching the tape he isn't going
to know about. OK?

D: OK. 

P: Give me a kiss... Mmmm. Bigger kiss ... Mmmmmmmm! Now put
your hands on my ass and squeeze ... Mmm ... See, I'm all
OK. Boy, I'm more than OK - I've been on hold for quite a
few days myself.

D: Well, I can't say I've been saving myself...

P: Oh sweetie - you two were raving animals that night -
wait til you see - Did it carry over?

D: Well when I left here I thought I was completely fucked
out, but Judy was still flying, and halfway home she had my
pants open and my cock in her mouth at 65 on the freeway -


P: Oh I just love it when that sweet demure child gets in
touch with her inner slut - even if it's at the expense of
my poor battered body... So did you guys do it again when
you got home?

D: We sure did ... God she was hot! And then - we never do
it on weekday mornings, with the kids, school, everything -
but yesterday I woke up early, and started fooling around,
and she woke up rarin' to go, and I locked the bedroom door
and we did a quickie - we could hear the kids moving around
- she was biting the pillow to keep quiet.

P: Well, sweetie, I'm happy for you, and if you don't have
anything left for your poor old sis, I guess I'll
understand...

D: Here...

P: Oooh, feels nice. Dave, I am so horny... Let's watch this
fucking thing... [click] What I can't believe is how you
klutzes managed to run the video camera with the sound off.

D: It was Troop...

P: For such a big manly fellow, he is amazingly inept - you
know it's me who changes the sockets and programs the VCR
around here...

D: So here - we were all listening to the evidence, your
famous audiotape.

P: Just look at me, bent over that thing, with my butt in
the air - oh thanks Troop! - my hubby making sure my legs
are farther apart - and feeling me up...

D: He kept reporting how wet you were -- you know allaying
our fears...

P: God, Dave, I was dripping like a faucet the whole time -
I am one fucking sicko. Look at him put his juicy finger
into my asshole - what a gentleman!

D: I don't think any of us exactly scored high marks for
politesse that night.

P: What were you two doing at this point? I know you were
over on the couch, and I really didn't have much of a
viewing angle...

D: I think we were mainly just listening to that tape.
Princess, that was one amazing performance!

P: I was a little disappointed with the technical quality
 ... given what that thingy cost ...

D: First occasion you had to use it?

P: No, Troop and I have taped ourselves and listened
[giggle] - the difference is we didn't have to hide the
recorder under the bed. Gee - I guess that boy could sue me,
even have me prosecuted, if he found out ... 

D: Actually you know the muffled parts and the fading in and
out gave it a very real air ...

P: What do you mean "air" - it IS real!

D: Oh Princess, come on, you know were scripting the whole
time, thinking about how the tape would sound...

P: Honestly, sweetie, hardly at all - you know how verbal I
naturally am, and when I was playing with that cute boy I
just let me be me. Well, maybe I worked a little to get him
to make some noise - he tended toward the silent type...

D: There wasn't any doubt about it when he came - and he was
very grateful afterwards...

P: Well, not every girl knows how to give the gentleman's
balls that little squeeze just at the crucial moment - heck,
some girls don't even have long enough arms to reach down
there, did you know that?

D: And he was clearly impressed by your verbal skills...

P: Hey - he'd seen how good I am at drafting a contract. You
know, I love it - my gutter mouth - think how it sounded to
him coming from the oh-so-precise and demanding senior
lawyer on the other side...

D: God, Troop was just seething while he listened ...

P: Oooh, I bet! I couldn't see him, and he isn't on camera -
oh, oh, here things start to get ugly!

D: This was where Troop started asking you what you did with
the guy - did you suck him, did you lick his ass, etcetera -
and you wouldn't say.

P: A girl has some sense of dignity and propriety.

D: Oh lord - look at that!

P: That mean man... ooooh, it makes me tingle ...

D: God babe, that must really hurt...

P: No kidding - the pain just grows and grows and then it
takes over everything... Oooooh... 

D: There - you are breaking down here - oh this is the bad
part - 

P: If it's so bad, why are you so hard, you little
hypocrite? Here, feel me...

D: Damn, Princess...

P: Mmm-hmmmm...

D: You're so wet... LOOK at that!

P: I just wanted it to stop, I remember screaming please
stop - and he wouldn't stop - and now I'm so hot I can't
believe it... Sweetie, I haven't done it for days - I want
you to do me - just fuck me - fuck me right here - like this
- from behind. No, now, right away, I don't need that, just
put it in... Hard, hard! ... Ahhh. Honey, fuck me, shoot in
me - do it hard... Aaaaaaaah... AAAAAAAAH! AAAAAAAAAH! Mfff
- uugh.

D: Jesus, Princess, I'm sorry, but I was afraid the
neighbors...

P: It's ok, sweetie -- god that felt like a volcano erupting
- did I scream?

D: Like a banshee... Stop the picture for a minute.

 ....

D: Okay, roll it... Oh my God - this is Judy's part - look
at her!

P: Yeah, I couldn't see her - but I felt her hands on my
butt, and heard her squealing and Troop grunting behind
me...

D: She had already sucked me off - my come was running down
her chin - look, she's wiping it on your back.

P: I think she'll like this.

D: It's a little strong - It's hot - and here, feel, I'm
getting hard again already - but you know it makes me a
little queasy.

P: She'll say that too, but she'll be wet, just like you're
hard - you two are real perverts!

 ....

P: I was hurting so much from the strap - I would have done
anything not to get hit with that horrible riding crop.

D: You really did sound pitiful, Princess - said you'd do it
- "go ahead, Trooper, do it" you said - "fuck my ass" ...
even though you were supposed to be still resisting.

P: I knew he wasn't finished - I was supposed to resist more
- but having that monster up my ass was going to be nothing
compared to what I was getting.

D: You guys still never really do that, huh?

P: Trooper's just too damn big for it to be any fun.
Sweetie, you know I love it there once I've loosened up a
little, at least when it's a normal sized guy like you ...
Billy and I used to, too.

D: Yeah, a little skinny cock is OK...

P: Oh, poor baby, masculine pride! Well let me tell you: at
the rear entrance, less is more... OK, Jesus, here Troop
finally was willing to quit that riding crop thing to let
you at me... What a relief that was.

D: God, I was such an animal - look - you know I was so
turned on by those little narrow angry red stripes the crop
made - look, on your thighs.

P: I don't need to look, I remember how they felt. Look -
you beast - aren't you ashamed of yourself! ... And there
you're checking if I am still wet.

D: And you were...

P: And putting Mother Nature's lube on me, and on your cock
- ooooh, there you go in the back door - bad David! That is
such a dirty thing to do. What would our parents think? ...
God, Dave this is getting me hot again...

D: You can see I hardly lasted more than a couple of
thrusts.

P: And that was your second come - I'm honored, sir!

D: This is where Troop said you needed more with the crop.

P: Oh god, I just started screaming and begging - I couldn't
take any more of that ...

D: He said he needed quite a few more red stripes on your
ass before it was ready for him to fuck.

P: What a brute! ... Look how cute he looks! Oh - even now
each one of those makes me jump - but, God, it is hot! I can
see the appeal of DOING it - it's like a canvas - painting
in red, white, and pain. 

D: OK, there ... Troop is finished ... 

P: Except that the lord and master still has to penetrate my
poor tushie. Ooooooh - damn ... There he goes ... Makes me
feel like taking a shit just to see it ... OK, there he
pulls that big old thing out of me - look, his come
dribbling after it - and, lordy mercy! - look at the
condition of my poor bottom - Sweetie look - here, I'll
freeze the frame - THAT is the hind end of a partner in a
distinguished law firm, mother of two lovely children,
active in civic charities, friend and benefactor to
humankind - what do you make of that?

D: Words fail me... 

P: OK [click]... Well in the absence of appropriate words,
how about this? 

D: Oooh, Princess...

P: Oh, yes, it's already nice and hard again.... mmmm ....
mmmmm. Honey, swing around, will you, and do me too? ...
That's it - oh, nice... mmmm ... mmm ...

*****

Trooper: At your summons, ma'am!

Princess: Welcome home, Troop. Oooh, sweetie, red roses! ...
You got my e-mail?

Trooper: Sure did - very cute! - that's why I'm home, on
time, ready for action - kids taken care of? 

P: Judy took them for dinner - we can get them later...  Here, let me put
those in water ... Now, hugs... Oooh. Kiss.  There - oh you're so serious
and cute looking in your go-to-court suit - and here I am a smelly dirty
old mess - David was here, just left a few minutes ago... 

T: Yeah, looks like you kids had a party... 

P: Well you know, when brothers and sisters get together ...

T: How sweet.

P: Oh yes, do make that stern face. Growl at me, Troop...

T: Grrrrrrrr!

P: Ooooooh!.... Look, Troop, you can see how bad I've been.
Smell me - I'm all sweaty, aren't I - I smell pretty rank.
And it's not all MY smell, and it isn't all just SWEAT ...

T: You smell like a fucking whorehouse ...

P: And I look like a whore too, a real slut - see? Look here
- my chin, my neck - what do you think that is?

T: It's dried come...

P: Not dried for very long Troop - what does that do for
you? 

T: Grrrrrrr!

P: Look at this, in my hair - more come... David and I did
sixty-nine, right here on the couch ... I came while he ate
me, and then he shot all over my face and hair - I loved it!
 ... That's it, sweetie - feel my tits - he got the nips hard
- he was pinching and mashing them just a little while ago -
he was a little rough - and there's some come on them
too.... Oh, yes, take it off - tear it - ooooooh!

T: I want to smell your cunt.

P: There - see, no panties - there they are on the floor - I
took them off so David could have me - could FUCK me - I
wanted him so bad.

T: You're wet - you're full of his come...

P: Yes, he fucked me from behind - I came so big - I told
him to pinch my clit, and he did, and I screamed and
screamed - look, see the stain, that's where some of his
come ran out of me ... He was so hot, Troop, and he he just
rammed his cock into my wet pussy - he fucked me so hard -
not as hard as you can though - he's not as big and strong -
his cock isn't as big - Here, let me feel.. Oh, God sweetie,
look at you - you're so big, so hard... Let me unzip it...
God, your balls feel so big - storing all that come for your
baby - so you could fuck me good when I was ready - Oh,
Troop, I'm ready...

T: Gaaaaah - fuck...

P: Yes sweetie - nice beastie - fuck me - yes, here - oh, I
love it - oh, pound me - fuck - hard, hard - oh Troop - come
in me - yessss...

 .....

P: Ooo - look at the time - we fell asleep, my sweet - oh
shit, look at the carpet, I'll have to work on that spot ...

T: I better go get the kids.

P: Yes do sweetie - remember to REALLY thank Judy - she took
them in on short notice and has had to keep them pretty late
- I'll clean up - you better take a quick shower before you
go.

T: And you...

P: Yeah, I'm going to wash out every orifice before I greet
my innocent children. Oh Troop - I do feel well and truly
fucked.

T: And well you might - quote: "a healthy gal needs two guys
to satisfy her."

P: No, sweetie, I just need one - just you - Dave was only
to supply a little spice - I know you enjoy it more when
you're a little jealous. 

T: So when he was here you just lay there and thought of
England - it was all for my sake?

P: That's right honey - you know how I am - the eternal
female, nothing but self-sacrifice, all the way [silvery
peal of laughter]...

                                  THE END

                        ===========================
                             PRINCESS'S COURT
                               by  Plainman
                                   -30-




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Plainman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





