BDSM Library - My Birthday Surprise




My Birthday Surprise
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: For a birthday gift a pair of women friends, give him the woman who use to pick on him in high school.
 My Birthday Surprise.

 By Jade Stone.



 On April 10th I was surprised by my two best friends Sheila and Joan. These
two ladies are my dearest and best friends since pre-school. They always 
found away to make my birthday a special day. Last year they took me on a world
wind tour to japan to help me explore some of my favourite S&M sexual fantasies
and I was in heaven. I never thought I would enjoy a night or a month of 
having a sex slave. The Asian slave I had was the most enjoyable of them all.

	But that is another story. This birthday however is something, I'll
never forget and neither will my gift. At 6:00 Pm. The door bell rang and I
was surprised by Joan who is looking as stunning as ever. Her five feet four
inch frame of beautiful long red hair that looks just like a long streaming
fire. I open the door and as she steps into the house she wraps her
arms around me and gives me the longest wet kiss, I have ever got ten
from her. As she kisses me I feel my heart pumping like a bass drum, 
the blood inside of me is racing like a thundering herd of wild stallion. 

	" Joan. Joan. That was the nicest kiss." I tell her as I let go of her
waist. 

	" Well, My dear sweet man. Paul, Sheila and I got an even bigger surprise
for you." I feel my eyes light up.

	" Oh really?"

	" Yeah. Are you ready to go ?" 

	" Of course I am. You know that you two are my favourite two party 
people to be with." Joan smiles and as I shut and lock the door. I
ask her as I lock the door.

	" Am I going to be spending the night with you two tonight?" 

	" I think you might." Joan has a smile on her face." Before I knew
it. Sheila and joan drive me to a new hotel that isn't suppose to open for
another week. According to Joan, there is a convention of some of the top S@M
people in the country here and the world. Joan thought it would be a nice
gesture for my birthday if she and sheila would take me to see what I have
read about. I know it sounds silly but I feel like a kid in a candy 
store.

	When we arrive at the hotel. I start to feel very self cautious because 
everybody but the slaves were dressed well. and I wasn't. But Joan
assured me that I didn't need to worry about such trivial matters. I started
looking around for sheila and I couldn't find her.

	" hey where is Sheila?"

	" Here she comes she had to go change?"

	" Change?" As Joan points to a bald nude woman wearing nothing but a dog
collar. I could not help become extremely hard. I guess Joan saw me and I
can hear her giggle. But she looks at Sheila with a hard glare. 

	" Master Paul, is paying you a compliment, you Fucking whore. What do you
say?" I was confused by the action taken by Joan but I soon caught on.

	" I'm sorry for not responding correctly, Mistress. But, seeing Master Paul
Looking like this is embarrassing to me. Thank you my Lord. She kneels
before me and she kisses my feet. As I do I feel myself shoot right in my
shorts. I am thankful, I'm wearing dark underwear and dark blue dress
jeans.

	" I know this might be a shock to you Paul. But Sheila and I have been
Mistress and slave for the past three years now. " I always knew that Joan
had the knack for being a Domme, but I didn't plan on Sheila being a Slave. She
Always had a wild streak in her. She reminded me of the desert wild ponies. 
Not a single, guy could tie her down or break her. I tried dating her for years
and years, but I guess I found out why she didn't want me. And thank God,
it wasn't me. I know I should control myself but looking at her as I am is
really difficult to be a strong male.

	Sheila had her breasts pierced and they weren't the small rings either, they
were the huge ones that you could use to control her. Joan quickly produced
a leash and placed it in her left tit ring. In a move that surprised me Joan
gives me the leash.

	" Come along sheila. I have some exploring to do." I hear coming from
my mouth. " Joan and Sheila are smiling at each other. When we arrive to the
dance hall. I noticed that there are a lot of displays of many forms of sexual
pleasure and punishment. Music is playing very loudly and to the far right of
the dance hall is a stage complete with naked slaves in cages. on my left hand
side I see that there are rows of cages and the same on the right. the right
hand side of the room are all men. and I avoided looking at them, cause that
just doesn't turn me on but I go towards where they are giving a very 
different type of demonstration. As I gotten closer to the area I 
notice that Joan is there talking to the woman giving the lecture.

	" Paul, Paul. Will you please come here." Joan calls my name and 
I gladly walk over to her with Sheila still in my hand. When I reached
to where Joan is, Sheila, quickly kneels and opens her legs and sticks
out her tits and puts her hand inter locked behind her head.

	" Paul, this lady is a great friend of mine." I shake her hand 
and then I kiss it.

	" Oh My he's quite the charmer. Isn't he Joan. Joan. I think Paul
would be very interested in the next demonstration. "

	" I do to Alice." Alice is a good looking 39 year old Amazon warrior. 
I couldn't help but feel like a Multi Millionaire playboy. When I heard the
word demonstration I smiled.

	" And Joan I believe we have a good subject for him to watch. " The two
women look at each other and they begin to laugh.

	" What is so funny you two?"

	" Happy Birthday, Paul." Joan smiles as a struggling Susan Jenkins

from high school. She is now thirty six years old and on her way of becoming a 
spinster. 	She has kept her shape after all of these years. I haven't seen
her since we graduated in high school and how she humiliated me at the
prom. I don't want to get into it cause I get too upset. Let's just say, have
you seen the movie, carrie? When I see Susan being strapped to the Barbers
chair. I start laughing hard. because she started cursing up a storm. 

	" Susan. I don't believe its you. Using all that nasty Language. " I
try my best to sound just like a teacher or an angry parent. She looks up at me
through her long black hair and blurred eyes.

	" Please Paul. Please help me?" I can hear the shear terror in her
voice. 

	" I'm dreadfully sorry, there, Susan, but I do recall. A little prank that
you pulled on me in high school in front of the whole school. "

Susan has this confused look about her.

	" Dear Dear. How you forgot."

	" Does the phrase, pigs blood ring a bell to you?" Susan shrinks in pure
remembrance of that night.

	" The whole school laughed at me. And you started to make piggy sounds at
me as the pigs blood fell over my head just like a water fall. Guess what 
piggy, your mine tonight." Then joan chimes in.

	" No Paul not just for tonight, but forever. Sheila, and her wonderful
computer skills have erased her out of society. Everything that is hers, is 
now yours." I smile at Joan and give her a nice long kiss. 

	" Its dreadful that a woman like ,her. Even gets to get your kisses."

	" On with the demonstration Alice. " Joan says as though she is a 
circus announcer.

	" If I recall right, Susan, you were and still are very vain about 
your long hair. Since your nothing but a pig, now. " Alice begins 
to slowly inch by inch take away susan's long dark hair. As Alice is 
doing this Susan is crying hard. tears are flowing freely now. I never 
knew how good revenge can feel. As the hair cut continues, Alice begins 
to explain to the now growing crowd that in order to fully get slaves to
obey and keep their selves in good standing with their Mistresses and or 
Masters, is to, remove everything that gave them pride. And in most cases
she explains is dignity. By taking this ones hair away she feels that 
her strength is gone.

	" Isn't that right Slave?" 

	" Please Paul. I'm sorry. I never should of did what I did to you.
Please haven't you gotten enough revenge?" I don't know what happened
to me but something snapped in a heart beat and I slapped her across the
face. the feeling of my hand connecting to her face stunned me more than the
pain did to her, I guess.

	" I guess that should answer your question, you little bitch. " Joan
responded for me. I never hit a woman before. I've always been taught that
hitting women is wrong. But as I hit her. I felt something. It was stronger
than any type of drug.

	"I think we aught to do do something about her loud mouth?" joan says using
her domme voice. It was the coldest tone I ever heard coming from a
woman's voice.

	" I got an idea." I hear come from my own mouth. It came out of my 
mouth like an exploding gun. I reached over and found a large dildo 
and I stuffed it into Susan's mouth. I then took some of the duck tape 
that was near bye and I shoved the dildo into Susan's mouth and I taped it 
into her. Looking down and saying in her ear.

	" I suggest that you start sucking and get use to the idea of 
sucking cock. Because, your going to be doing a lot of it. Looking at
Susan I can see her eyes widen in fear at the thought of sucking my cock. 
She use to laugh at me calling me tiny Tim. Making fun of my penis.

	 Not any more. Soon I think to myself, Soon she will be worshiping it. 
As Alice continues, she takes out a pirceing gun and hold onto Susans right 
breasts and begins to gently rub it just to harden the nipple. 

	" To easially control your slave; it is advisable to give them nipple rings.
As you will be able to see in a moment that the slave of your choice
will not like the experiance at all." As she says this she slowly and surely
pirces the right nipple and looking at susan I knew she didn't like the
idea. Slowly the needle enters the skin and small droplets of blood run
off of Susan"s skin. 

	I couldn't believe it I was getting hard just watching it.

	" Paul now don't feel embarrassed because you find this sexually
stimulating." I did blush because Alice noticed.

	" Paul, I find it just as exciting. Thats why I do this." Then she
gives me a very sligh smile. Before I can react Joan grabs my penis and 
brgins to rub it. 

	" Joan, I didnt know you cared." I joke but her attentions make me 
feel soooo good. As she was rubbing me I began to feel myself 
letting go of all the things that use to hang me up. Just looking at 
Susan scruming around; begging and pleading for me to stop her
embarrassment. I really dont remember the rest of the demonstration that 
Alice gave me because I was in complete heaven that night. But after 
several months that have gone bye Susan has been the best slave girl 
ever. No one even suspects that she is my slave in public she acts 
as though we are a loving couple.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jade Stone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





