BDSM Library - Awakening Lori




Awakening Lori
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman's male lover helps awaken her submissive tendencies in this soft-core story of love and bondage.
AWAKENING LORI


   Her wrists bound to the leather collar at her throat, palms together, as if
in supplication, Lori knelt, sitting back upon her heels, awaiting the whims of
her captors. They had situated her facing away from the door and in utter
darkness, so that she could not see the face (or faces!) of any who came to
claim her. But these trappings, the leather bindings themselves, were
unimportant, for it was not they that truly bound her.

   No, it was her own desires, her deeply compelling need to submit to the will
of Frank, her love, which held her here. It was Frank who wished her to undergo
this training, and so she had consented, needing almost desperately to please
him. She yearned for this chance to show him how much she loved him, to see his
pride in her as she yielded to each demand, to bask in his loving gratitude in
return for her devotion to him.

   The preparations he had put her through, the clothes he had chosen for her to
wear tonight reminded her at every moment that her body was no longer hers, but
for others to do with as they wished, for she had given herself into their
keeping with this understanding.  Her hair was free, had been combed until it
shone, framing her face, softening her features.  She wore the finest of
perfumes, a scent with a faint muskiness to it which made her blush, reminding
her as it did of her own natural scent when deeply aroused, which indeed it was
intended to do. Not only were her lips painted, but her nipples also, and even
the lips of her sex had been artfully rouged, heightening and darkening their
natural rosy hue. Braless and corseted, her waist cinched so tightly she could
barely catch her breath, her breasts pushed high and proud above the tight
lacings, Lori wore nothing else but a deep red cape of velvet, which hung
loosely over her shoulders to bare her body freely.

   Lori was in sensual agony, aware of her body as she had never been before.
With every breath she felt the creamy splendor of her breasts as they rose and
fell above the confining lace of the corset. The boning at her waist, the
tightly bound laces digging into her skin, only served to make her feel all the
more feminine, the hourglass shape they had imposed on her after all only an
exaggeration of her own womanly contours. She had been forbidden to close her
thighs, and especially to cross her legs, and they had spread her heavy cape
wide open around her, so that she felt, in the minimal clothing they allowed
her, somehow even more naked and exposed.

   Of course they had denied her panties; even her most intimate places were on
display. She felt spread open all the way up into her womb in her present
position, the very lips of her sex parted as she sat upon her heels. And,
kneeling as she was, she could not help but feel a kind of supplicant, about to
serve her gods, which surely must have been their intent in posing her in this
way. And then, too, there was the anticipation, the wondering, the seemingly
endless waiting they were putting her through. Her nerves were on edge. Her
heart was hammering.  And they must know how she felt! They must surely have
known that this would be the effect; that the anticipation would drive her mad;
she almost wanted all of them to come to her at once and have the waiting done
with! 

   With a start of surprise Lori heard the click of the door latch behind her as
an unseen hand on the other side pressed it down. Though it was clear the
intruder was attempting to be as quiet as possible, the door opening only slowly
to gradual pressure, the noise was like a gunshot in the silence to Lori.
Moments before, it was all she could think of.  Now she was terrified.  Yet she
had wanted to come here, had consented to do this. Lori straightened, her
shoulders back, breasts thrust out, making her posture perfect in an effort to
appear alert and ready to serve.  All the while, her ears were straining to
catch even the slightest sound which might provide a clue to the identity of the
man who entered.  She heard muffled footsteps crossing the carpet behind her
and, knowing it to be fruitless in the darkness, nevertheless she turned her
head in an attempt to see her captor's face in the light of the hallway behind
him.

   Quickly firm hands grasped her head between them, forcing her to face
straight ahead.  She complied immediately. Inwardly, she found herself glad for
the firmness, which kept her from disobeying the rules she had agreed to just at
the moment when she felt her weakest. A black veil descended over her eyes and
she realized she was being blindfolded. The soft satin covering was of deepest
midnight black and followed the contours of her face--she could see nothing
beneath or above it.  She felt the strong masculine hands tying it tightly
behind her head, checking the fit to ensure it was snug, and then nothing for a
moment.  Was she to be made to wait again?

   But no--she felt hands grasping the velvet, crushing the weight of its folds
between them, pushing the cape well back from her shoulders, baring her
completely from naked breasts to bent knees. There was a pause, and she hardly
dared breathe, assuming she was being inspected. She wanted desperately to be
found pleasing to this man, whose identity she didn't even know. A large
masculine hand grasped her shoulder, making her jump, then continued up her
neck, over her collar.  Lori felt the man settle his palm against the back of
her head, his fingers curling into a fist around her hair. The grip tightened,
demanding, his fingers taking a firm hold within the web of her hair against her
skull, not caressing but rather pressing her face forward with his hand, not
roughly but insistently.  Obediently she gave into the pressure, leaning
forward, her face following the push of the fist against the back of her head,
until with a shock she felt an unmistakable hardness, warm and demanding against
her lips, and knew the man was unclothed and erect against her mouth.

   Now that she realized what was expected of her, to her surprise Lori felt her
anxiety lessen. Her lips opened wide, taking the organ within her mouth,
responding to the familiarity of the request, if not the man who made it (for
still she had no clue which of the men had joined her), determined to please to
the best of her ability.  In truth, with Frank she enjoyed giving this oral
pleasure almost as much as receiving it, and she felt a sense of pride that she
had some prowess. But perhaps this man was different.  Would she be able to
satisfy him? She felt she simply must satisfy, even impress this man with her
ability, and was determined to give her all. Closing her lips around the hard
length, Lori began to flit her tongue around the head in quick flutters, sucking
all the while. She felt him gasp and so sucked harder, eager to please, pressing
the shaft against the roof of her mouth with her tongue as she suckled it, and
she felt the cock between her lips swell even more in response to her
ministrations. She let her teeth graze the tip and heard the man's ecstatic
moan, quickly muffled.  How important it was to him, then, that she not know
whose cock her mouth serviced! 

   The moan stirring her on, she redoubled her efforts, her full lips feeling
bruised as she clamped them tightly as a vise around the hard length within her
mouth, sucking greedily. She felt her own excitement mount, felt familiar dewy
wetness seeping between her thighs. She pressed on, his muffled moans adding to
her own arousal. Now Lori could feel the head of his cock against the back of
her throat as her unknown lover began to buck his hips, thrusting into her mouth
urgently. His hand tightened on her hair, twisting it, forcing her mouth more
tightly against him, her lips colliding with his balls at each full thrust. She
knew he was close, moaned herself around his cock as she adjusted her rhythm,
mouth working more rapidly now, wishing she could use her hands as well but
spurred on to more creative motions with only her mouth allowed her. She licked,
she nibbled, her teeth nipping at his shaft. His cock seemed to grow to
monstrous proportions within her lips with each sharp little touch of her teeth
and lap of her tongue. She thought surely he would explode at any moment.  And
so he did, with one last almost violent thrust pouring into her. She had to
fight against gagging, so deep was he in her throat, spilling his seed with an
unintelligible, gurgled shout so that she felt he must have thrust his fist into
his own mouth to muffle the sound as he came. 

   Lori swallowed deeply, squirming against her own wetness. Her mouth was
tinged with a not unpleasant marine taste. She marveled how really, men were not
so very different from each other at all.  Feeling strangely exhilarated and
womanly, she fell back and almost lost her balance completely when the hand in
her hair relaxed, letting her go suddenly.  Before she could fully realize what
was happening, the man she had just serviced so dutifully had crossed the room
and closed the door behind him, leaving her alone.

   So she was back to waiting once again! And left in this state! She was
drenched with her own wetness, and that was not all. With a terror she fought
hard to control, she realized he had not removed the blindfold. She might go
through the whole night unable to see a thing! Surely one of the men would take
pity on her and take it off. But she did not know them, did not really know if
they would feel any pity for her at all, and she found herself uncertain,
wishing for the sound of the latch again behind her back.

   When it came, it seemed a godsend. Lori felt a change within her, almost an
epiphany. Her own need, her gratitude, her desire to please all melded together
and she felt overwhelmingly compliant, willing to do whatever was asked of her.
She wanted to voice this, wanted to tell the man who entered of the incredible
change she had undergone, but she did not dare. She had been forbidden to speak
to any of them.  Once again she heard the sound of footsteps on the carpet.  To
her surprise, she heard as well a click, could see the black folds over her eyes
clearly as wrinkles in the satin of the blindfold, and realized the man had
turned on the light. This time, her legs, not her hair, were grasped firmly by
strong hands.  Palms pressed at her thighs, spreading her knees yet wider apart.
Far from resisting, in her submissive state Lori was eager to help, straining to
get her thighs as far apart as possible, opening herself up fully for him.  She
thought she knew what to expect next and so it came as a complete surprise when
she felt not the demanding pressure of hard male flesh against her womb, but a
soft fluttering wetness instead. 

   Lori moaned aloud as she realized he was using his tongue on her.  Already
aroused, Lori felt on fire as he lapped at the warm folds of her sex.  He was
expert at it, first flicking all around her nether lips with circling strokes
and then letting his tongue delve deeper, right against the hardened nub nestled
like a flower between them. She rocked her hips up to his mouth, urging him on
with her body. When he sucked her burning clit between his lips it was more than
she could take.  Writhing against his mouth, she reached her climax, crying out
with soft animal noises as she bucked up to his mouth again and again.  Even now
he did not stop, simply letting up a little until he felt her begin to still her
fevered motions before he began all over. 

   He was relentless! He nibbled at the lips of her sex. He swirled his tongue
up inside her. He sipped and licked and sucked and even bit at her. And Lori
came again and again, unable to stop herself, driven mad with pleasure. 

   Finally she could stand no more.

   "Please," she begged. "Please let me serve you now!"

   She thought she would be punished for speaking. She thought, as his tongue
drove further back between her thighs, that he was ignoring her plea.  But it
seemed he had a purpose as he spread her moisture with first his tongue and then
his fingers, circling the puckered hole further back between her cheeks.  She
knew then that he meant to take her from behind and felt an illicit thrill deep
within her at the thought of this taboo, this dark pleasure he would take from
her. 

   She felt him untie the long cape which covered her back and let it fall
behind her, felt him move to kneel atop the pool of blood-red velvet, one hand
pressing her head forward. Obediently, she bent over, feeling the weight of her
naked breasts, hanging pendulously as her rouged nipples nearly brushed the
carpet. With her hands bound she could use only her elbows and, as he saw she
was unable to properly brace herself, his arm went round her waist, supporting
her. The fingers of his other hand were spreading open her cheeks, slipping
between the creamy globes to this, the more forbidden portal hidden between
them. He pressed a fingertip against the tight rim he had already moistened and
wriggled it. Firmly, he pushed his fingertip within her, and she gasped aloud at
the sensation. She felt--not pain, but a sensation of stretching as his finger
worked inside her, spreading moisture within as well as without. A little more
gently he inserted another finger beside the first, and Lori willed herself to
relax her muscles, striving to take them both into her.  He seemed pleased with
this, whispering a gruff, "Very good."  And Lori glowed with pleasure at his
praise.

   As he withdrew his fingers, poised behind her, she could feel his hardness
pressing insistently between her cheeks. She felt a moment's apprehension--how
big he was! Why, he must be as big as Frank! Could she even take him? She
remembered the organ so recently held between her lips and thought, my goodness,
they are all big men! And then there was no more time to think as suddenly,
firmly, he thrust into her.

   His cock seemed to split her open, the bulging head so thick within her
nether portal that she groaned aloud, and she had time only to register with
surprise that his cock, too, was wet somehow, easing its entry, before he began
to move. Then he started to rock his hips within her and she was lost in pure
sensation as he delved into her depths.  She reacted instinctually, raising her
hips up and back to push against him, moving into him, shamelessly offering him
more of her shapely derriere. She felt taut, stretched to the limit. He filled
her completely, and each stroke was ecstasy. Slickly, deeply, he slid into her,
drawing a purr of pure bliss from her lips as he plumbed her with long measured
strokes, coming almost out before plunging into her again.  Unbelievably, she
felt her pleasure building yet again, whispered hoarsely, "I 'm going to come!"

   And then he ripped the blindfold off.

   As she came, with great shuddering spasms, it was the sight of her beloved's
face she saw clearly in the mirror before her. Now she knew why he had turned on
the light! She seemed to come forever, whispering his name over and over again
in disbelief. "Frank, oh, Frank!"

   His eyes gleamed; she could see his love for her mirrored in his fevered gaze
as she felt him surge within her. He drove himself deeply, piercingly, between
her cheeks again and again, claiming her with each thrust. She felt Him tense,
go taut, heard him shout out her name as he came, not bothering to muffle his
cry or disguise his voice now that he had revealed himself to her, "Lori!"

   And she had never loved him more than she did now as she felt him empty into
her, filling her anew with the proof of his love. She knew that he had tested
her to her limits, and she knew that she had passed the test. He breathed, a
long ragged breath. She felt him relax, all the tension gone from him. His arm
held her tightly, cradled her snugly back against his chest, and she snuggled
contentedly back against him. Frank released her hands, slowly, gently drawing
them from her neck. Placing her hands at her stomach he wrapped his arms around
her waist, so slender in the corset, covering her hands with his. He pressed his
lips to her shoulder, her throat, her cheek, and finally, turning Lori to face
him, he pressed his lips to hers in a soulful kiss.

   "I love you, Lori. You are mine, only mine," Frank whispered, fiercely, as if
daring her to dispute his words.

   And she answered him, gladly, with all her soul, knowing deep within her as
never before the simple truth of her heart. "Yes, my love. I belong to you,
completely and utterly. I am yours."

  

(c) 1999, Custom Erotica Source. All rights reserved. No portion of this story
may be duplicated or published without the express consent of Custom Erotica
Source.  www.customeroticasource.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sage Vivant


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





