BDSM Library - Lady Wild




Lady Wild
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Set in the Midwest of America during the age of pioneers, a revengeful young woman captures the outlaw who had killed her husband and makes him pay.
Set in the Midwest of America during the age of pioneers, a brave but lonely
rider travels the wild plains to seek the man who had killed her husband and had
taken away her former life. By an act of God, she finally finds herself in
charge of the fate of her nemesis. As her lust and her sadistic tendencies were
awakened by his confinement, the road of finding a just punishment to fit his
crimes became much harder to follow for our heroine.


This story contains:
Violence, rape, unconsensual sex (oral, anal, and then some more), and strong
language.

People who are offended by any of these things, please select another story. 

Copyright 2001 by Pandora
All rights reserved




Lady Wild

(Part 1)


1.

The saloon was old and dusty, with the afternoon sun hardly penetrating through
the cobwebs covered windows while the smell of tobacco lingering in the air. I
walked over to the bartender and ordered a drink. As I leaned at the bar and
kicked the dust off my boots, I noticed the silence around me. A few guys were
sitting at a table, playing poker and losing money. They had been noisy and rude
when I entered, but as soon as they realized that I was a woman, they stopped
their game and stared at me. None of them said a word. I felt uneasy, and turned
away from them, focussing myself on the old bartender who was fixing my drink.
But still I could feel their eyes stinging in my back.
"Here you go my Lady, that's two shillings."
I paid and gulped my drink down in one breath. God I really needed that.
The men who had been staring at me were finally picking up their game, however
one of them could not hold his stupid mouth shut and had to make a pass at me.
"Hey lady, did you steal your man's clothes to wear? Why don't you go down to
misses Levin down the road? She can fix you up with something better! At least
lose the hat!"
The three other guys burst into laughter. One of them spat his tobacco phlegm on
the floor and rubbed it into the sawdust. He eyed at me and a dirty grin
appeared on his wrinkled prune face.
"Don't mind her wearing a man's clothes, she's still a pretty little lady."
"Miller, you dirty old rat!"
They continued their game while keeping themselves entertained with more rude
comments and sexist's talk on my expense. I tried to ignore those brainless
inbred thugs and ordered another drink. I was not here to entertain them, I was
here for a more important reason. I was here for revenge. As soon as the word
passed my mind, my hands slipped under my long leather coat and traced my belt
till I found the cool steel of John's gun. I toughed it, running my fingers
along it's shaft and stroked the handle.
John had loved this gun. Almost as much as he had loved me. And I was going to
use it to obtain justice for his death. I wanted his killers to pay.


2.

The doors swung open, without looking I knew that the men I had been waiting for
had finally come. Their steel spores clinged on their boots, while their heavy
footsteps startled the men at their game of cards and forced them to be silent.
A shadow was cast over my own as a man stood behind me, the musky smell of his
sweat filled my nose and brought up disturbing memories. I didn't need to turn
around to look at his face. I knew who he was.
"Bartender. Eight whiskeys! And none of that home-made rubbish you gave us last
time."
The old man turned pale and sweat ran down his bold head while he nervously
affirmed his order and took a bottle from the shelf. The men settled themselves
on either side of me. They kept their hands on their guns while they shouted to
the poor man, making him even more nervous and spoiling the liquor when he
poured it.
My heart felt like a frightened little mouse, ready to scuttle away at any time.
These where Grant and his men, dangerous outlaws, all ruthless bandits and
killers. They had money on their heads in 5 states in which they were wanted in
total for 23 robberies and 15 murders, including that of my husband. None of the
sheriffs had ever been able to catch them. Many had been killed trying. And here
I was, only armed with 15-colt handgun. Standing amongst them while dressed in
my dead husband's clothes. Silently, I prayed to God that they wouldn't
recognize me. Not before I got my revenge.
"Here you go boys,..It's on the house of course."
The men took their drinks and grinned maliciously.
"For the crap you're serving we don't expect otherwise!"
The bartender muttered something in reply, but as soon as the men got their
booze they became loud and noisy in their conversation, giving him the
opportunity to slip out of the room. A tall dark man, with a sun scared face and
a heavy beard drew his gun and shot in the air. The explosion caused the men at
the table to duck for cover, leaving their cards and money behind. The outlaws
laughed at their response, calling them little cowards. The room filled with a
chaotic swirl of activity as all the men drew their guns and started firing in
the air while howling like mad animals. I tried to keep my nerves and stared
down at my drink, but my heart was playing leapfrog and the knuckles of my hand
holding the drink showed white. Finally, the tall man gestured the others to
become silent, he raised his voice.
"Men, lets drink to our latest successful robbery down in El Paso!! And let's
drink to late mister Harvey, the old rich bastard to which we owe our half a
million bucks!!"
The men roared, raising their glass and laughing loudly. I held my breath and
felt my stomach turn into a cold knot as he came stand next to me. He hadn't
been firing around like a maniac as his men did, he hadn't even spoken since he
had entered and ordered the drinks. He just turned his back at the bar and
looked amused at the speaker, while he held his glass of whisky in his hands,
easy and relaxed among his own men. Knowing that his authority needed no words
to be confirmed.
I eyed at him cautiously, not wanting to let him know my interest. Not yet at
least. He was handsome, there was no doubt about it. His captivating eyes were
blue like the wide sky, his sun-tanned face was neither hostile nor friendly and
was framed by sandy colored hair, and his upper lips curled into a magnificent
cupid bow. His features showed no cruelness at all, but I knew that hidden
underneath were demons and monsters.
"Hey, can't you look out of your stupid eyes! You spoiled my drink! Whatta..."
I startled as someone almost pushed me over and then grabbed my arm. One of
Grant's men had spoiled his drink over me while he was elbowing around like a
clumsy cow. He stared at me, and I could tell from the look on his face that his
pathetic little mind was trying to figure out if I was a man or a woman.
"Let go of me!"
He loosened his painful grip on my arm, bewildered and still not sure if he
wanted to punch me or to shag me. As I backed up, I almost stepped on Grant's
boots. I felt his warm whiskey breath in my neck as I turned around and met his
piercing eyes. His left brow was slightly tilted, but except for that no other
expression disturbed his calm appearance.
"Hey boss, look at him, he's a girl dressed like a man!"
I sighted of nervousness, so the retard had finally figured it out.
"And the little bitch had spoiled my drink!"
Grant kept looking into my eyes. I shivered inertly but at the outside I showed
no fear. I was finally facing the demon that had haunted my dreams since John's
death. This was my chance to drive him away out of nightmares forever. I will
not back down now.
"Hey boss, I said the little bitch had spoiled my drink!"
The retard walked over, probably wanted to hit me. But as soon as he reached out
his dirty stinking hands to grab me again, Grant spoke calmly, his eyes still
fixed upon mine, without even looking at him.
"Dave, you keep your hands off her."
His voice was raw but tender, almost like a whisper.
"But boss, she.."
"Keep your dirty little hands off her and apologize to the lady! Or I will make
sure that you can't use those greedy hands of yours for a while."
He turned away from me, his lightening fast right hand grabbed his gun and aimed
it at the man's arm. I saw his eyes turn dark like a summer sky shadowed by a
storm. Although he kept his calm, his brows were drawn together into a stern
frown. His outer appearance was finally matching his ruthless nature. This man
was able to kill his own men even for an incident as meaningless as this. I knew
it. The guy at the wrong end of the pistol knew it. Frightened as hell, he
stumbled his apology to me while he kept his eyes nervously on Grant. I listened
with half an ear, after which I nodded that it was accepted. Although I wanted
them all dead, it seemed that my nerves were not agreeing with my plan at the
very moment and I sighted of relief as the man scuttled away into the crowd
before Grant could spoil his blood on the floor.
When Grant looked at me again, I saw that the storm in his eyes had lain down.
His dangerous self was hidden away like a cat's inserted nails.
"You're OK?"
I nodded, apparently calm.
"What's your name?"
"My name is Helen."
"Helen?"
He spoke out my name as if it was an exotic flower, rolling it over his tongue.
He paced around me while he brought his face close to my neck. His warm
alcohol-filled breath caressed my skin. I felt my heart stir, a desire came over
me, to hand myself over to this man to whom I felt a strange attraction. His
moist hand toughed my neck tenderly as he brushed a lock hair away from my ear.
His lips almost toughed me as he whispered.
"You gonna stay with me Helen, I will take good care of you."
Silently, I nodded, not knowing if it was my crave for vengeance or my lust that
was replying.


3.

He took me to the hotel where he and his men were staying and brought me to his
room. As soon as we got there, he pushed on the bed. I lay on the linen bed
sheets, panting heavily from the sexual anxiety and nervousness, as he leaned
over and tenderly placed a kiss on my cheeks.
"You taste so sweet."
I smiled, my calm facade hiding my maniacally racing mind. I had to get rid of
my gun if I ever wanted to have a chance at killing him. Drawing my gun now was
useless and can be considered as an attempt to suicide, since he still wore his
own handgun around his belt and could draw much faster than me (and he could
probably aim much better too). Gently I pushed him away, pretending that I was
shy. He looked amused as I stood up and walked over to a screen.
" If you don't mind, I want to wash myself first. I'm still sweaty from the long
ride."
"Take your time."
As I undressed behind the screen, I hid the gun in my bag and pushed piles of
clothes on top of it. Surely he wouldn't be interested in dirty woman's
underwear. I washed the dust from my face and body, my skin became white and
rosy again as the clear water in the basin turned cloudy. Then I put on my black
laced corset with red roses of silk on, brushed my hair down and fragranted my
body with rosewater. As I stood before the mirror, I hardly recognized myself. I
never dressed like this, not even for John.
His eyes were still calm like a summer sky as I appeared from behind the screen,
but you could tell that he liked what he saw. His lips trembled slightly as I
sat beside him and toughed his cheeks. He answered my tough by pressing his lips
upon mine. I replied his kiss with faked passion. My heart was crying since I
knew that I was betraying John, but I had to let this man take me in order to
disarm him. I started unbuttoning his shirt while I whispered in his ears.
"Put out your clothes, I can't wait."
He did as I instructed while he managed to do the same to me. His trousers
dropped together with his belt and gun to the floor, and I pushed him back on
the bed, his sandy locks disappearing into the soft linen sheets.


4.

I woke up in the darkness without any notice of time and with my enemy fast
asleep beside me. Silently I cursed my own stupidity. I had planned to keep
myself awake, only to pretend to be sleeping after we made love so I could draw
my gun and kill him as soon as he fell asleep. But it didn't work out that way.
I guess he had tired me out. Cautiously, I stepped out of bed. There was still
time. The moon ruling the dark sky outside the window and the rhythm of his
breathing reassured me of that. I sneaked behind the screen and searched my bag
for the gun, panic struck me as I couldn't find it. I started to doubt if Grant
had searched though my stuff while I was sleeping. That he had found it and was
now pretending to be asleep only to ambush me later on. But then my hands felt
the cold comforting steel of the gun. I sighed in relief and recollected my
calm. I was not going to mess things up now. This was the moment I had been
waiting for so long. This was for John.
As I walked over to my victim, the gun held straight before me and ready to
shoot, my heart jumped in my chest like a frightened rabbit. I could hear the
blood rush in my veins and transpiration ran down my temple. Never in my life
had I been so dedicated to a task before, and never in my life was I so
uncertain of what I did. The gun started to tremble in my hands as my doubts
were transferred into the weapon. I tried to forget his embrace and his
tenderness earlier, and tried to recollect the memories of my sweet husband. How
this man had executed him in cold blood in front of our house while forcing his
own wife and the rest of the town to watch. I remembered the expression on
John's face as Grant pushed a gun against his temple while he counted down to
ten. There had been sadness in his eyes; sadness of having to leave me behind in
this harsh world. But there had been no fear. He wore his batch proud and
dignified till the very last moment. Grant stopped counting as he reached two,
and bend over to John to tell him to beg for his life, the violence in his look
while he spoke burnt into my memory forever. John never opened his mouth and
after Grant had shot him he ripped the sheriff batch from his coat and slipped
it into his pocket.
"For my collection." He grinned. "To remind me how many I've already killed."
This man, I reasoned, had no right to life for all the sorrow he had caused. My
face was stained with tears as I placed the gun against Grant's temple. He
stirred but didn't wake up. All it took from me now was just to pull the
trigger, and this ghost of the past would haunt me no more.
But I couldn't do it.
I couldn't kill him.
I saw with hollow eyes my arms lower themselves and my fingers relax their grip
upon the trigger. Shakily I took my breaths while I cried in the dark. The
terrible truth about my failure hit me like the freezing northern wind in
winter. I couldn't find the courage in my heart to kill him. The possession of a
conscience and morals made it impossible for me to become the ruthless killer
that he was. I was too weak. I had lost my revenge. I had betrayed my husband.
Defeated, I sat myself down on the bed. I buried my face in my hands and let the
tears stream down like rivers.





5.

I didn't show my face behind my own prison of remorse till I was startled by
gunshots. Grant jumped up out of the bed while he instinctively reached down for
his gun, only to discover that he was unarmed and naked from the waist down.
"What the hell is going on?"
Quickly, I rushed behind the screen and hid my gun in my bag. I started to dress
myself as Grant lit the candles. He was looking for his trousers and gun. Loud
noises came from downstairs, followed by footsteps on the stairs. Then someone
banged with his fist on the door.
"Grant, wake up!! There are pigs everywhere! We're ambushed!"
Grant rushed into his pants and buckled his belt. His face was still calm, but
his brows were pulled together in upper concentration.
"How many of them?!"
"I don't know Grant, but I gunned down one while the other escaped through the
backdoor. But they got Hank, and they are firing like mad from outside!"
"I won't fucking stay here and wait for him to return with the cavalry. Wake the
men and saddle the horses, we're gonna shoot our way out!"
We were startled by gunshots exploding behind the closed door followed by ragged
moans. I reached secretly for the gun in my bag and clinched it tightly in my
sweaty hand. Whoever was talking to Grant behind that door, he was certainly
dead now. A pool of blood flooded into the room underneath the chink. I saw
Grant clinching his gun in his hands almost as tightly as I did. It struck me by
surprise that this ruthless man could be scared. Still, his face didn't show it.
"Come out of there Grant! We have already captured your men. Drop your weapon
and give up!"
Grant chuckled childishly and an arrogant smile appeared on his face while he
kept his gun aimed at the door.
"If you want me, come and get me!"
A dangerous silence fell. I eyed Grant from behind the screen. His face was gray
and his eyes were staring with great intensity towards the door, ready to react
on any movement.
After that, everything happened very fast.
The door swung open and banged against the wall. Grant braced himself and fired,
but the bullets hit nothing but air as the hallway behind it was empty except
for the dead corpse. Then, the air in the room exploded as gunshots were fired
by dark figures appearing in front of the door, blocking Grants way out. Clouds
of sulfur filled the air and splinters of wood rained upon us. Grant duck for
cover behind the bed and fired back into the mist. His lips were pulled into a
mad grin. I dropped myself down, the gun pressed against my breasts, while the
bullets were singing close by my ears. Then a terrible shriek as one of the
gunman went down. Grant cheered victoriously.
"Ha! Nailed you son of a bitch!"
Growing bolder now, he leapt out of his hiding place and fired, surprising the
men at the door. More shrieks as two other men were gunned down. Grant laughed
madly, visible taking pleasure in his killing. He rolled behind the oaken case
next to the window and dug in his pocket to reload his gun.
At that moment, a figure sneaked into the room through the window. Grant could
have never noticed him in time since he was too occupied cross firing at the men
flooding into the room. The gunman got Grant dead to rights and pulled the
trigger. A ragged moan came from Grant as the bullet tore a way through his
chest. He fired and the gunman dropped dead on the floor while blood gushed out
of his temple.
Grant was losing it. His gun trembled in his right hand while he pressed his
other against the wound trying to stop himself from bleeding to death. Still he
kept firing back. Then, two of Grant's men rushed into the room and fired their
shotguns, forcing the gunmen to hold their fire for a while and drop themselves
on the floor for cover.
"Get the fuck out of here Grant, we can't hold them much longer!"
I stared at Grant, who was now almost bathing in a pool of his own blood. I
stopped hesitating. With the suppleness of a cat, I jumped up and ran to him
through the chaos of the gunfight. I reached out and swung his arm around my
shoulder. He was losing his consciousness; his eyes were rolled back in his head
and his body was weak and heavy. I braced myself and dragged him through the
rain of bullets while his men covered me. It was a Goddamned miracle that we
reached the door alive.
I dragged him down the hallway and down the stairs. Body's of Grant's men were
lying everywhere. As we descended the stairs, Grant lost his balance as he
tripped over a corpse and almost dragged me with him in his fall. I could just
grab the banister in time to avoid us tumbling down and breaking our necks.
"Drop him lady, or I will shoot!"
A gunman stood at the foot of the stairs. His face grim while pointing a gun at
me. The trembling of his hands told me that he was at the end of his nerves.
"I SAID GET AWAY FROM HIM!"
The click of the hammer. He wasn't going to repeat his message for a third time.
Part of me wanted this to end and let the officer shoot Grant and me, but a
larger part of me wanted to live and yelled me into action. Fast as lightening I
drew my gun and fired. The man was hit and went through his knees, the gun
slipped out of his hand.
"You fucking bitch!"
The man's eyes rolled back in their sockets and he collapsed. I grabbed Grant,
rushed down the stairs and picked up the blood-tainted pistol from the floor. No
use in wasting a good gun. We stumbled outside through the backdoor. The cold
night air hit my lungs and stung my eyes. As my sight adjusted to the darkness,
I saw two horses, already saddled and ready to go, tied to a beam next to a
watering-trough.
This must be my lucky night.
I swung Grants heavy and unconscious body over the back of one of the horses,
and used the rope to which the animals were tied to bind his wrists and ankles
together. Grant moaned as I tied another piece of rope round his neck and pulled
it tightly. I looked at him with he barest hint of a smile on my face.
"Don't worry my sweet. It's my turn to take good care of you now."
I mounted the second horse and dug my spores deep into its belly. The animal
reared and spun around as I pulled it's rein while I jerked on the rope of
Grant's horse, ordering it to follow. In a cloud of gray dust, we galloped away
in frenzy, leaving the whole damned mess behind us.




Lady Wild

(Part 2)


1.

The merciless afternoon sun was burning in the cloudless sky. We were riding in
a wasteland where the earth was scorched and the shimmering heat waves raised
above the sand. I pulled John's hat far over my eyes and pierced into the
distance. Nothing but rocks, dusts and dry bushes. Nowhere to hide from the sun.
The horses were exhausted. We have been racing over the plains all night and
their deep and noisy breathing warned me that they couldn't last much longer. I
spurted my horse for a last desperate attempt to find a suitable place to rest,
leading Grant's horse behind me.
Finally we reached a gigantic rock shaped like an eagle that cast enough shade
for us to rest underneath. I jumped off my horse and secured the animals to a
dead tree. As I sat myself in the shade and wipe the transpiration from my
brows, my new bound prisoner started to stir.
"Where...Where am I?"
His voice sounded weak and dry, like a dry piece of wood ready to snap. I got up
and walked over to him. The bullet of the gunman had pierced his back, but
hadn't found a way out yet. I dragged him off his horse and laid his broken body
in the shadow. His face was pale and his eyes were half closed as he feverishly
stared at me, totally disorientated and helpless.
I turned him on his back. Grant moaned and yelped in agony as I dug my fingers
in his wound, trying to locate the bullet. My hand was trembling as I sensed the
smooth surface of the intruder and fished it out. Then I poured the last little
bit of Whiskey that I had left over him in order to clean the wound. Grant
moaned pitifully as the alcohol burnt over his tormented flesh, but I pretended
not to hear him. I bound him with pieces of cloth that I ripped off from his
shirt and let in him rest for a while. As I sat down again with my back leaning
against a pointy rock, confusion entered my troubled mind.
"What the hell was I doing?"
I saved the man that had murdered my husband. I had murdered an officer on duty,
probably had widowed his wife and made his children fatherless. Remorse and
guilt washed over my body. Why was I doing this? Was it in order to get my own
revenge? But then, what was I going to do with him now? I surely had not the
guts to kill him myself.
I ran my hands through my hair in utter desperation. There he was. The man I've
hated and feared for more then five agonizing long years. Lying there helpless
and with his fate in my hands, and I had no idea what to do with him.
I couldn't kill him.
But I was able to kill the officer who had tried to stop me from rescuing him.
Was it really my conscience that stopped me from shooting Grant? Because if
that's what it was, the little sucker had proven really picky on which people it
manifested itself.
You're kidding yourself Helen. You're attracted to him. You don't want to shoot
him because the sight of the guy makes your pussy wetter than a well. Aren't you
tired from riding alone in this shitty wasteland without a man by your side?
Hasn't it been too long since you've felt a strong arm wrapped around your
shoulders and a hard dick pressed upon your groin? How long has it been now
Helen? Five -six years?
I yelled and pressed my hands against my ears, trying to stop that annoying
inner voice that was blurting the truth right into my face.
"I'm not interested in him! Shut up!"
I was not saving Grant because I felt something for him. I was saving him
because I wanted him to get the punishment he deserved. A punishment that I
decided on. A quick shot in the back of the head was not good enough, it
wouldn't satisfy the appetite of the black poisonous monster of wrath that he
had buried in my soul. I wanted him to suffer. I wanted him to beg for my mercy.
Suddenly, I knew what I had to do and a malicious grin appeared on my face.


2.

After three long days of riding, we finally found a little stream coiling
through a cleft between two giant rocks. We settled down in order to let Grant's
wound to heal. I nursed him into an almost recovered state while I kept his
hands and feet tied up. He didn't resist in the beginning, being too weak and
feverish to even lift as much as a finger. As I fed him warmed can-beans at
night by the campfire, he would sometimes look at me with those treacherous
eyes, and I could almost swear that there was a trace of genuine gratitude
showing in them. But we never spoke a word to each other. And as he grew
stronger with every day that passed by, so did his resentment towards me for
keeping him restrained. I didn't care. And I shouldn't care.
At one night, weeks after we found the place, I saddled up the horses again and
packed all of my poor possessions. We were ready to go. Grant's injury had
healed and although he was still a little weak and stiff from the lack of
movement he had suffered, he would probably be able to walk a few miles during
the night since we were then protected from the scorching sun. I took as much
water with me as I had empty flasks and bottles. Our provisions were almost
finished, but we wouldn't last more then a day out there without enough water. I
pointed John's gun against Grant's head and told him to sit still, while I
untied the rope around his ankles. He looked at me with hatred in his eyes.
"Get up and walk over to the horses."
Grant stood up, he kept his angry look focussed upon me, but didn't budge an
inch.
"I said start walking!"
Grant didn't move, instead he grinned at me.
"What are you going to do Helen, shoot me?"
My gun trembled in my hands. The bastard! He knew that I hadn't got the guts to
kill him. I blinked as I tried desperately to bluff my way out.
"I will shoot you Grant! I don't want to kill you, but I surely can hurt you!"
Grant chuckled arrogantly, his sky blue eyes were observing every insecurity
that I displayed in my posture, and he processed that information in his head to
turn it against me. He knew that my threat was as empty as the womb of an
eighty-year-old woman. It was just a matter of time before he walked over and
slammed the gun out of my hands. I had to react, I had to show him that I was
stronger than he was.
I grabbed the long horsewhip hanging from my belt and slashed out with it. Grant
backed up but couldn't prevent the whip ripping through the fabric of his
trousers and exploding on his skin. Grant withered in pain, his tied hands
covering his burning flesh. Before he could recover from the first blow, a
second lash exploded on his back causing a red welt that was visible through his
ragged shirt. Grant panted heavily as he sank through his knees. I lifted the
whip high above my head again, ready to administrate another blow.
"Stop Helen! Please."
I lowered the whip, and stared at my victim, trying to keep my expression as
cold as ice.
"Get up and start walking!"
Grant obeyed me, he stumbled to the horses where I tied the rope around his neck
to the reins and mounted my horse. As I looked down at him, I saw that Grant
eyes were staring at the ground, as if he was trying to avoid being reminded of
his humiliation. My lips pulled into a faint smile as I spurted my horse to go
while leading the second horse by its rope. The animals paced calmly into the
wide plains while Grant stumbled behind them like docile livestock.


3.

"Helen! I need water!"
I pretended that I didn't hear him and casually whistled a song while jerking on
his rope to make him walk faster. It was the second night since we left our camp
and we had already traveled since sunset. Grant was tired, he kept falling
behind and I occasionally had to stop and ride back to whip him back on his feet
again. It was the first time he asked me for water though, he must be very
thirsty to beg me andin spite of his stubborn pride.
"Helen! Please! I need some water!"
I whistled more loudly, making sure that he heard it. He remained silent for a
long time. I figured that he was still not that thirsty atfer all. But then I
felt a pull on the rope and as I turned around, I saw that he had collapsed face
down in the sand. Worried, I rode back to him and jumped off my horse.
"Grant?! Stop fooling around! Get up!"
I kicked him in his stomach. He moaned softly, his sounds smothered by the dirt.
I grew inpatient and jerked hard on his rope. Grant gasped for air as the rope
tightened around his neck, blocking his airways. I kept my icy appearance and
shout down at him.
"Get on your useless legs Grant. Or do I have to strangle you?"
Grant picked up the hint, he crawled on his hands and knees and tried clumsily
to rise on his feet. I observed his undignified behavior with some kind of
perverted pleasure and felt shivers down my spine. Although I convinced myself
that it was the rush of revenge and not depraved lust that made me tremble. But
I couldn't help thinking of ripping off his clothes and letting him walk in the
freezing cold night naked and tied up like a slave. Swiftly, I brushed these
disturbing thoughts out of my mind and mounted back on my horse to resume our
journey.
We kept on riding till the sun started climbing the sky. I knew that we should
stop and rest, especially with our limited provision of water and Grant being on
his last feet. But a cruel little voice in my head kept telling me to keep on
riding till the man started begging me for water once again. But my victim was
as stubborn as a mountain goat and held his mouth shut while he dragged himself
through the intoxication heat, his head bend towards the ground, his sandy hair
hanging in front of his half-closed eyes like a wet curtain. The heat became
unbearable by the afternoon, with the sun ruling in a cloudless sky. I refreshed
myself with a sip of cool water from my hip flask. Grant walked beside me, I
held his leash to short to allow him falling behind again. He looked at me as I
brought the flask to mouth and took another sip. Instinctively, he licked his
dry lips. He must be thirsty as hell by now.
I smiled down at him teasingly.
"You know if you beg me again, I would probably give you some water."
Grant didn't respond, he drew his eyes to the ground and ignored me. Trying to
keep my calm I asked him again.
"Grant! Beg me if you want me to give you something to drink!"
He raised his head and stared blind into the distance. I felt my blood boil as
he kept ignoring me as if I was an annoying bug instead of the tormentor that
had power over his life and death. I swung my spores into my horse, letting it
rear and ride in full gallop. Grant fell with his face in the sand and was
dragged by his throat over the plains. I didn't look back and I couldn't hear
him yelling with the warm western wind roaring in my ears, but I could imagine
him almost choking to death. I rode in full frenzy till my anger was calmed down
and my reason took over once again. With a pull on the reins, I stopped the
horses and breathed deeply before I had the courage to take a look back at
Grant.


4.

"Please...Give me water...Please..."
He mumbled with his eyes closed as I put a cool damp cloth against the bruises
and scratch wounds on his skin. Grant stirred, opened his eyes and looked
suspiciously on his surroundings. As he tried to move his hands or feet, he
found out that he was restrained. I had removed his shirt and had tied his hands
and feet together for the night, but had released him from his leash. The red
and swollen marks running across his neck showed exactly where the rope had
been. Grant gave up his fight and relaxed his sore body as I resoaked the cloth
and applied it to his swollen flesh. The coolness soothed the pain and he closed
his eyes for a moment. I had ran my fingers over his chest, toughing it
tenderly. Grant cleared his dry and painful throat and then look at me. His eyes
were showing his confusion.
"Why are you doing this to me?"
I stared back at him, and was sure that he recognized in my eyes the dark storms
that had been roaming inside his own, since he pulled his gaze away from me. The
damp cloth traveled over his skin towards his groin. As it reached the crotch of
his trousers, I squeezed the water out, soaking it into the fabric. Grant stared
at the dark stain on his trousers and ran his tongue over his dry lips. I raised
myself on my feet and looked down at the helpless man.
"Thirsty Grant?"
Grant looked up, too weak and his spirit too broken to fight back, he nodded. He
was defeated. I cheered inside. A sadistic grin appeared on my face without
myself realizing it.
"Maybe I can help you out."
I unbuttoned my pants and pulled them down over my ankles. Grant looked at me
with a puzzled and concerned look on his face while I smiled back at him
naughtily.
"Surely there is nothing down there that you haven't seen before."
I pulled down my undies. Now standing with my sex fully exposed, I picked up the
gun out of the pile of clothes and aimed at him.
"Crawl over here Grant!"
Grant kept eyeing at me, still not convinced that what happened to him was real
and not a twisted wet dream. To help him back to reality, I clicked the hammer
back.
"Start crawling if you value your balls Grant! I'm not a very good shoot but
those I can't miss."
Grant was convinced, he started to crawl over to me on his arms and knees,
moaning softly as little sticks and rocks were scraping over his wounds. He
kneeled before my feet with his nose almost toughing the soft curls of my pubic
hair. He could probably smell the scent of my dripping wet pussy. I ran my
fingers through his sand covered hair and gently toughed his cheeks. Then I
pushed his chin up so I could look him in the eyes. I searched them for any sign
of fear, something that I wanted to detect in him since the first time we met,
but his appearance seemed as calm as ever, except for the anger that was
smoldering deep down. Unsatisfied with what I had seen, I pinched his cheeks
together, forcing his lips to part and pushed the end of John's gun inside his
mouth. Surely this will soothe his anger. I licked his cold earlobe and
whispered softly into his ear.
"I will let you lick my pussy Grant, and if you satisfy me enough, I'll give you
something to kill your thirst with. But if you try to fuck with me or bite
me..."
I pushed the gun deeper down his throat and bit in his earlobe, Grant groaned
and squeezed his eyes.
"I assure you that you'll have to crawl on your hands and knees all day to find
the little pieces of your testicles back in the dessert."
I pulled the gun out of his mouth, and pushed his head down. Grant coughed and
blinked. He was obviously frustrated.
"I thought I've already fucked you."
Hot blood raised to my head as anger erupted inside me. How dare he talk to me
like that while I'm holding a gun against his head! I clenched the gun in my
fist and swung it forward, hitting him hard on his jaw with the back of the gun.
Grant groaned and his head swung backwards, I pulled him back by his hair and
administrated another blow right in his left eye. Like a poisonous snake, I
hissed dangerously;
"Keep your smart remarks to yourself. Now start licking."
I pushed his head into my pussy. Grant coughed as he almost choked on my thick
lavish bush of pubic hair. He finally seemed to be willing to cooperate. I
shivered as I felt his wet tongue toughing the inner parts of my thighs and
sliding over my skin, caressing it tenderly. He nuzzled his nose in my hair and
I could feel him breath on my wet pussy. The hot air awakened my sex and made my
pussy lips blush. Then, his soft lips kissed my vulva and send prickling
pleasures into my body. I closed my eyes to cherish the moment and licked my own
swollen red lips with the tip of my tongue. Grant was determined to perform his
task as well as he could. Like an obedient dog, he pushed with his head against
my groin, gently urging me to spread my legs further apart. I did what he asked.
In the flickering light of the campfire we looked like a mythical being, two
entities that breathed and moved as one. I moaned and sexual delight washed over
my body as his adventurous tongue found my clitoris and licked it thoroughly.
His hot lips invaded my moist valleys and also found their way to that sensuous
organ, and started placing kisses all over it. I hold my breath in utter delight
and threw my neck back, my long golden hair brushed over my bare buttocks, as he
cupped my clitoris with his lips and started suckling on it while his tongue
played with the tip. I thought that I went mad with pleasure. No longer able to
control myself, I screamed and clenched my hands into fists. I came while
panting heavily, and warm fluids flooded my pussy. Grant didn't wait for my
approval to satisfy his thirst, he pushed his lips around the entrance of my
vagina and suckled loudly on my juices like a hungry calf while he groaned of
eagerness. With half closed eyes I looked at him, my cheeks were warm and rosy
and I felt so relaxed that I let him drink. This guy really knew how to satisfy
a woman, and he deserved his reward.
He licked my pussy dry and then looked up at me, his face was red and shiny with
a mixture of sweat and pussy juice. He didn't say a word, but with his eyes he
begged me for more. The salty warm liquid had only intensified his thirst. I
smiled sweetly and ran my finger over his moist lips.
"Stay where you are Grant, stay and collect your reward."
I pushed his face gently into my sex again and started to stroke his hair
casually as someone would stroke his pet dog. Then I relaxed my muscles and
emptied my bladder. Hot piss streamed down my legs in first hesitating streams.
I didn't want to mess up my pants if Grant didn't react as he should. But he was
really as thirsty as I thought he was. His sensuous lips cupped my entire pussy
and his greediness to drink every drop of my golden stream caused my groin to be
sucked towards him. I watched as his Adam's apple went up and down madly with
every draught he took. He came out of breath, still continued to drown himself
in my fluids, savoring them like precious liquid gems. As he finally drained me
from my last bladder contents, my prisoner licked up the last drops dangling at
the curly ends of my pubic hair. They glistered in the flames of the campfire
like dew collected on delicate spring leaves.
I ran my hands through his hairs. It felt moist of sweat. Slowly I bend towards
him and placed a tender kiss between his eyes. He closed them as my lips toughed
his skin. With two fingers of my gun hand I traced the curvatures of his
beautiful lips and sensed that he was trembling. As they reached the valley of
his cupid bow, they reached down and entered the wetness of his slightly opened
mouth. Gently, he sucked on my two fingers, rolling his tongue over them like a
wave rolling over a coastline while kissing them occasionally. He kept his eyes
closed, and moved around the intruders, every movement was gracious and sexy.
His nose toughed the cold steel of the gun.With my free hand, I traced his body,
lowering my tough slowly but steadily, till I reached the ragged entrance of his
trousers. Like a dessert snake, my hand slipped underneath the fabric into the
warm and moist cave. There I found Grant's throbbing penis. As I toughed it, my
hand burnt itself on it's radiant heat. My slender fingers curled around his
shaft and started squeezing it gently. First slowly, but gradually building up
the pace till it reached the speed of a galloping horse. Grant's mouth opened
and lost interest in my fingers as it was too occupied taking gasps of breath.
He groaned softly, almost as if he was afraid of showing his pleasure in my
presence. My tongue wet my lips and with a burning passion I pressed them upon
his. He drowned in my kisses, gasping air between every collision of the lips.
He whimpered softly as my hand started to intensify the grip on his swollen
penis. These little pitiful sounds, so harmless and so vulnerable, made me want
more. My snake-fingers strangled his lid, squeezed the blood out of his erect
organ. Grant's smothered whimpering intensified, my actions causing him great
pain. Still, my appetite for his suffering was not satisfied. Like a boa
constrictor finishing its victim, my hand rolled his lid around its base,
twisting it mercilessly. Grant's eyes pulled white, he jerked himself away from
my greedy lips, and cried out of pain. That stimulated my libido even further. I
couldn't let go, I was so close to my second orgasm. My nails dug deep into his
swollen lid, cutting through his flesh like razorblades.
"Helen, Please!"
Grant's face was pulled into a grotesque mask of agony, tears welted in his eyes
from which some I was sure that they came of humiliation. I placed my boot on
his bare chest and pushed him down while I kept my merciless grip on his
genitals. My resoneer laait tere in the sant, helpless and pitiful.
"Time for seconds Grant."
I raised my groin to up to his face and sat on top, my position resembled a
comical version of a rodeo cowboy that had seated himself facing the wrong end
of the animal while holding it's tail as a rein. My animal was coughing and
painting beneath my saddle of pubic hair. His nose and mouth were buried deep
into my sex and he was drowning in it like a baby in a bathtub. But I didn't
care about him, I wanted to come. With a stern pull on his lid, I reassured that
my pussy got the desired attention while I worked myself into a hot steaming
orgasm.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pandora


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





