BDSM Library - Bondage on the Cards




Bondage on the Cards
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The sequel to "Domestic Slavery", with the same main characters and some new ones as well, but more fanciful because it goes beyond PRIVATE B&D games between two consenting adults. Still fairly light- hearted, though, and a pretty good reflection of the kind of activities I'd like to enjoy.
Bondage on the Cards

   by "Des Mios"
  

   When the doorbell suddenly rang just above my head, I froze in alarm. Not
that I could do much else -- I was tied tightly hand and foot so that movement
was as good as impossible!

   I was kneeling a few feet inside our front door, stark naked except for very
brief leather pants combined with a tightly-laced penis sheath; my knees were
held apart by a 15-inch spreader, as were my ankles, and my arms were firmly
pulled behind my back and roped at wrists and elbows to a pole which was also
attached to the bar between my knees, to a belt around my waist and to the strap
holding a large ball-gag in my mouth.

   Bending was impossible: if I'd tried it, I would have fallen flat on my face,
which would have been very uncomfortable with my prick standing up hard in its
sheath! In short, I could barely even wriggle.

   The bell rang again. Surely our guests hadn't arrived already -- more than an
hour early! Sue, my beautiful wife-cum-Bondage Mistress, had invited her regular
bridge four to dinner "and a pleasant evening of cards". An hour or two earlier,
she'd playfully talked me into a short bondage 'session', and I'd been only too
willing to agree. Teasingly, she'd bound me here close to the front door, saying
"Wouldn't it be funny if the girls came early?" But then she'd assured me that
she would release me well before they arrived.

   Footsteps sounded behind me, and I sighed with relief. Sue was coming to
release me before opening the door.

   "Oops, we boo-booed, didn't we?" she said as she came close beside me. "The
girls are early, aren't they?" She stood looking down at me for a moment, her
eyes twinkling. "But we can't leave them waiting while I untie you. Much too
impolite!"

   My horror must have shown in my eyes, but Sue only laughed cheerfully as she
went to the door, checked through the peephole, then opened it wide with a cry
of welcome. I couldn't believe it! She wouldn't cause me the embarrass- ment of
being seen in this predicament by total strangers... or would she?

   She would indeed! Through the door trooped the three "girls", happily
greeting Sue with quick kisses and "Hi-how-are-you"s. But the words died on
their lips when they caught sight of me, trussed, exposed and helpless... and
with a face like a bright red beet!

   "Oh, I'm sorry," said Sue. "You haven't met my husband, Des. Darling, this is
Debbie... and Ros... and Jane. I've told you about them, haven't I?" I couldn't
have spoken even without the gag filling my mouth, I was so overcome with shame.

   "Come on, darling, you must greet our guests," Sue continued. Quickly
unclipping the pole holding me upright from my knee-spreader, she used it to
force me to bow, standing on the ankle-spreader to prevent me from over-
balancing. Three times she did this, making me 'greet' each guest in turn, while
they exclaimed excitedly and asked questions like:

   "Do you treat him like this all the time?"

   "Does he like it?"

   "Is he really your slave?"

   My humiliation was complete, and now I was beginning to feel angry at being
subjected to this. It must have shown in my eyes because, as Sue began to change
my bonds to enable me to walk, one of the 'guests' said, "He looks as mad as
hell, doesn't he?"

   "Perhaps I'd better expalin to him, the poor dear," replied Sue with a smile.
"You see, Des, we four have been playing bondage games along with our daytime
bridge sessions for a few months now. I've told the girls about us, but I didn't
tell you because I just couldn't resist the idea of exposing you as my slave to
what were -- for you -- complete strangers. I knew it would be a shock, but I
was sure you'd really enjoy it, deep down, once the first shock wears off a bit.
Also, like we've agreed, you'll have your chance to 'pay me back' in whatever
way you think is appropriate!" She finished with a broad grin.

   By now I was up on my feet, ankles hobbled with a 12-inch chain; my wrists
were free but my elbows were firmly attached to my sides, and the pole was still
holding me ramrod-straight. Chattering brightly to the other girls, Sue gripped
my stiff sheathed prick, led me into the living-room and ordered me to serve
drinks all round.

   I obeyed -- what choice did I have? -- and as I did so I thought over what
she'd said. She was right: in spite of my shock, my 'exposure' to these
strangers had excited me and, with the shock wearing off, the excitement was
growing! My spine tingled as I realized that all three girls were taking long
looks at my almost nude, stringently bound body and at my stiff cock in its
tight sheath.

   While serving the drinks I sneaked my own looks at our guests... and a pretty
sexy group they were, too! Debbie was a brunette, nicely built but perhaps a
little on the plump side. 'Dominant' was the word that came to my mind at the
sight of Ros, a well-built woman wearing an all-black mini-dress and knee-high
black boots. In contrast, Jane was a tall, slim blonde with a gorgeous figure
and really great legs revealed by the thigh-high slit in her long blue dress. To
complete the picture, my Mistress Sue had dressed her small, slim body in
cream-coloured slacks and a sexy thin shirt which barely hid even the smallest
details of her lovely firm breasts. The more I thought about it, the more I was
beginning to like the idea of an evening's bondage at the hands of these four
beauties!

   It wasn't long before the evening's fun really got started. Not wanting to
waste time on a 'real' dinner instead of playing bridge -- and bondage! -- the
girls cut cards to decide who would have first 'go' at me. Jane won, and the
others immediately bustled around to get organised: one fetched a fried chicken
meal in from the car they'd arrived in, and the other two set up chairs for them
to sit and eat and watch the fun. (I realized that it had all been pre-arranged,
and that even the noises Sue had been making in the kitchen while I was bound
near the front door had just been to fool me!)

   Jane led me -- by a good grip on my sheathed cock -- into our bondage play-
room (she needed no directions, I noticed!) and looked around for ideas for my
first bondage for the evening. Her eyes settled on the the solid post fixed
between the floor and ceiling and, to a chorus of suggestions from the others,
she soon had me very effectively bound. My crotch was resting on a strong wooden
bracket standing out horizontally from the post; my arms were raised high over
my head; my ankles were lifted and tied together behind the post; and I was
immovably fastened by tight straps at wrists, elbows, shoulders, waist, hips and
knees. Not very comfortable, I can assure you... but I was loving every minute!

   Now Jane had a chance to eat while the others set things up for the bridge
game... in a corner of the bondage room, I saw with some surprise, but then
realized that -- naturally enough -- they planned to combine playing cards with
playing bondage... on me!

   "OK," Sue announced when they were ready to start. "Our special rules as
usual, and the extra ones we agreed on for tonight, but for Des' benefit let's
spell them out. We'll play exactly four rubbers, so that we each get to tie up
our prisoner for the next rubber. On each hand, whoever is dummy can refill
glasses and/or torment Des. As usual, after each hand we'll decide who made the
worst error during that hand, and she'll have to forfeit one article of
clothing. And finally, the overall losers will submit to the winners for the
rest of the evening. Right? Then let's cut for partners."

   So the game began, with Jane and Ros as partners against Debbie and Sue. All
four of them were competent players and they took the game quite seriously --
but this didn't stop them from chatting enthusiastically while shuffling and
between bids, mostly making jokes about their 'poor prisoner' and discussing the
deliciously terrible things they might do to me. At Jane's suggestion, whoever
was dummy (if she wanted to torment me) concentrated on my nipples; they were
pinched, bitten, tormented with clothespins and toothed clips and, worst -- or
best? -- of all, scratched into tingling arousal with a small stiff-bristled
brush (also Jane's idea). I soon became glad of the lack of attention when all
four players had to bid their hands!

   After the first rubber, Ros won the right to choose my bondage for the next.
She fitted me face-down in my 'suspension harness', a set of straps that allowed
my near-naked body to be lifted off the floor by pulleys without too much strain
on any one part of me; she adjusted the pulleys so that my hips were a good deal
higher than my head, then forced my legs well apart with a spreader, which was
pulled by rope towards my shoulders, bending me almost double; lastly, she
strapped my arms behind me at wrist and elbow and pulled them up towards the
pulleys as well.

   "Oh, look at that lovely spankable bottom!" cried Ros as she finished this
fiendishly clever piece of bondage. "I suggest that whoever is dummy gives the
prisoner one stroke with a paddle for every trick her partner doesn't win, and
two if she doesn't make the contract they bid. By the way, Sue, it's not a good
idea to leave that big gag in his mouth when he's suspended with his head lower
than his body, is it? Shall I take it out?"

   "Yes," said Sue, "but first, a warning for you, Des: I want no yelling or
screaming or abuse or complaints about what's happening to you tonight, other-
wise the gag goes back in and we'll just put you into safer bondage; if you
really want to complain, you can do it later, in private to me, and I promise
I'll listen to every word. OK?" I nodded vigorously -- I wasn't about to
complain at all -- and a moment later, to my great relief, the big ball-gag
popped out of my mouth.

   The second rubber got under way. Fortunately for me, it wasn't a very long
one; hanging like that was not much fun, with the blood going to my head and
with my ass-cheeks and thighs so beautifully available for the paddle. As it
turned out, I only got about 12 or 15 strokes, but that was quite enough, thank
you, because Ros herself gave me most of them, and she had a strong arm and good
aim. A bondage session with her could well be a touch painful, I thought.

   For the third rubber Sue insisted on Debbie taking her turn to tie me up. She
took pity on me a little and simply laid me face-up on the bench (it was a
relief, let me tell you!); but she made sure I was very firmly fastened, my body
stretched quite tightly like on a rack, and several straps holding me down. She
was leaning over to fasten a strap when her gorgeous full breasts brushed my
face -- she was bare to the waist herself, thanks to having made several bridge
mistakes -- and I managed to get my lips to one lovely red nipple.

   "Mmm, that's nice," she murmured, and gave me a few moments to suck on the
other nipple as well. Then she said regretfully, "Sorry, love, must get on with
the game," and finished fastening me. As the first hand was dealt, she suggested
that during this rubber, each girl could "... give the prisoner a taste of our
boobs, and later we can test how well he's learned which are whose!"

   The rubber was a hard-fought one, and I enjoyed it in spite of my tight
bondage. I got to suck on all four pairs of lovely tits at least twice, and on
Debbie's full, voluptuous globes several times. She seemed to enjoy it hugely,
smothering my face between her boobs and letting my tongue and teeth bring her
nipples to proud erection.

   By the end of the rubber, I was beginning to feast my eyes on the increasing
exposure of ripe woman-flesh, as one girl or another discarded an item of
clothing after every hand. In fact, my beautiful wife/Mistress was down to her
bikini briefs and one knee-high stocking when she took her turn to bind me for
the last rubber.

   "You've had enough comfort for a while," she teased as she released me from
the bench and efficiently arranged me on our 'tilting frame'. Soon I was
upside-down, my thighs strapped tightly to my ankles, my knees widely spread,
and my arms tied wrist-to-elbow behind me. The frame was adjusted to keep my
head at about hip-level.

   "We'll soon put that mouth of yours to work again, I think," said Sue
smilingly. "But it won't do for our prisoner to wear more than we do, will it?"
And with that she removed my briefs and cock sheath, revealing my rampant
rock-hard member for the first time to the gaze of her guests' interested eyes.

   Amid a chorus of chuckles and other noises, Jane said, "I won't be able to
keep my hands off that thing!"

   "You don't have to," grinned Sue. "Being dummy should be quite fun this
rubber, don't you think?"

   Somehow they managed to concentrate enough on their game to make it an
exciting last rubber. Jane and Ros were well in front, but their opponents had a
chance to catch them on the next-to-last hand with a well-bid grand slam, which
they were a bit unlucky not to make.

   It was an exciting rubber for me, too, as I licked and kissed the luscious
pussies of all four girls, while my cock, reveling in its new freedom, was given
a thorough and very pleasant fondling by their hands. At one point, the bridge
game had to be delayed while the players at the table watched Jane's hands pump
my cock's spurting juices all over my belly and chest (I couldn't hold off the
climax any longer, thanks to all the stimulation I'd been getting); then they
watched Jane herself go into a writhing orgasm brought on by the attentions of
my tongue and lips.

   A few minutes later the game was over, and (as the winners) Jane and Ros
immediately 'took command'. The losers Sue and Debbie were ordered to remove
what little clothing they had left and their ankles were shackled with cuffs and
15-inch chains. Sue was sent to prepare some supper, while Debbie had to untie
me from the frame, only to fasten me into a pillory, bent forward to bring my
mouth to the level of their breasts -- in preparation for the "taste test", as
they called it!

   I didn't do very well in the test, at all. While eating the cakes and cookies
Sue provided -- I was given some too -- the girls took turns presenting their
boobs to my lips. Naturally, I was blindfolded, but I just couldn't understand
why the textures and shapes I could feel seemed completely different from what
I'd felt and tasted before; it took me many wrong guesses (punished by strokes
with our thin, whippy cane) before I named each girl correctly.

   But I understood when the blindfold was finally removed. There they stood,
with big grins on their faces and all sorts of cords on their titties, some
restricting, some protruding. Each one of the eight individual breasts even
looked different!

   Now the two beautiful 'winners' got down to some 'serious' bondage games. Ros
and Jane enjoyed themselves tremendously, ringing the changes in strict, yet
exciting bondage on their two lovely 'prisoner-girls' and on me, the naked male
captive. To distinguish themselves from the two completely nude girls who had to
submit to their wishes, Ros put on the skirt of her minidress, leaving her
magnificent firm breasts free, and Jane clad her luscious, creamy body in lacy
red garterbelt, stockings and half-bra, so that both her ripe nipples and blond
pussy were available for eyes to feast on and lips to caress.

   The first bondage suffered by Debbie and Sue was hardly cruel. They were both
put into a loose hogtie, then laid on the thick carpet face-to-face (or should I
say face-to-pussy?) in sixty-nine style and tied firmly -- but not too firmly --
together at their waists. Their freedom of movement was limited, but quite
enough to thrust their heads between each other's thighs and eagerly start to
pleasure each other with tongues, lips and noses. Soon they were oblivious to
their surroundings, writhing and murmuring softly in mounting ecstasy.

   Meanwhile I was busy too! Jane had been 'checking out' our stocks of bondage
gear, and had discovered the 'oral trainer'. ("I wish I had one of these for my
boyfriend!" she said with a grin.) It was a harness of straps fitting snugly
around my head, attached by a short strap on each side to a belt for the waist
of one of my sexy 'guest-Mistresses'. On my knees, my legs tied tailor-fashion,
my wrists drawn up behind my back to the harness, I was placed between the legs
of first Jane and then Ros and the belt was fastened, bringing my mouth close to
each girl's luscious 'love-lips'. I set to my obvious task happily, occasionally
distracted a bit by the moans of Sue and Debbie or by the hands of my other
'Mistress' fondling my balls or prick from behind.

   I think everybody lost count of the number of times one woman or another --
or two or three together -- reached the heights of pleasure given by three busy
sets of tongues and lips.

   After a short break to regain breath and composure, it was my turn to be
pleasured by the two pretty 'prisoner-girls'. Ros' imagination came to the fore
with this bizarre set-up, in which my back was placed against the edge of a
door, wrists drawn back above my head to the top edge and ankles also drawn back
tightly, so that I was bent like a bow with my rampant manhood thrust forward
like its arrow. Debbie and Sue were made to kneel a little way apart, their
ankles and wrists tied by ropes. They were positioned so that, as Jane and Ros
swung the door to and fro, they could alternately suck my rigid cock.

   It was the kinkiest blow-job I'd had in years, if not ever! Despite my
stringent bondage, their two talented mouths quickly brought me to an explosive
climax deep in Debbie's throat. I actually bruised my back on the edge of the
door as I bucked and tried to thrust in the throes of my ecstasy.

   "That was great entertainment, wasn't it?" said Ros to Jane as I sagged in my
bonds in exhaustion. "I wonder can we think of another way of combining all
three of our prisoners in a single bondage tableau."

   Almost before I'd recovered my breath, they had solved the 'problem'. They
released me from the door, only to bind me in a taut spreadeagle standing in the
middle of the room. Before long, the naked bodies of my two beauteous bondage
companions were tied firmly, one on each side of my nude torso. One of my spread
thighs was between the thighs of each girl, pressing erotically against their
pussies; their lovely ripe breasts were crushed against the side of my chest,
and their wrists were tied so that two of their hands could caress my ass-cheeks
and the other two my prick and balls.

   It was very exciting to have these two gorgeous bodies twisting and rubbing
against me; their gyrating hips used my thighs to to stimulate their soaking
love-nests, their lips and tongues ranged over the stretched flesh of my
shoulders and chest, and found my sensitive nipples again and again. And the
sensual touch of four clever hands all over my cock, balls, inside thighs, ass-
cheeks and crack, and especially right between my legs, brought my manhood to
rigid attention again long before the girls brought themselves to quivering
orgasms.

   While they watched this display, our two sexy 'Mistresses' also pleasured
each other with their fingers in each other's pussies and their lips and tongues
on each other's tits and nipples. So once again I enjoyed the sight of four
lovely women writhing and moaning in the depths -- or should that be heights? --
of sensual excitation. It was worth every bit of the discomfort of my bondage,
and for me the bondage itself was an added bonus of excitement.

   Everyone was rather tired after all this, so a 'rest and recuperation' period
was announced. Sue and Debbie were sent to get drinks all round, free of bondage
except for their hobble-chains. Freedom was denied to me, but I was tied quite
loosely and comfortably while we all sipped our drinks. Jane and Ros absently
stroked my tired body as they discussed and planned the evening's 'bondage
finale'.

   And what a finale it was! First of all, Debbie and Sue were made to stand
facing each other a few feet apart, and the 'Mistresses' bound them both in a
tight spreadeagle. Then they started on me: my legs were tightly strapped into
doubling sheaths, so that ny heels pressed firmly against my bottom, and I was
placed on our 'turntable' revolving platform between the two bound girls. It
would have been quite painful to take all my weight on my kneecaps, so Jane
fastened a harness around my shoulders and used a pulley to support some of it
from a ceiling hook.

   My arms were left free to move, but Jane and Ros had plans for them...
namely, to follow their instructions in caressing the wide open naked bodies of
the two bound girls, positioned so conveniently within my reach. And I was only
too happy to co-operate, moving my hands between both pairs of soft thighs and
firm breasts, from smooth bellies to warm, moist pussies. Part of the time they
just told me what to do; but at other times -- when I didn't get it quite right
or they wanted to surprise Debbie or Sue -- they grabbed my wrists and actually
guided my hands where they wanted them.

   Sometimes I was spun around on my 'turntable' and made to change hands
between the two captive girls... and occasionally to use both hands on the one
girl, leaving the other writhing in her bonds and begging my tantalizing fingers
to come back. Though I say it myself, I soon had both helpless women aroused to
the point where Jane and Ros decided to gag them "... to stop you confusing Des
with demands that are different from our orders!"

   Before long my task was made even busier, when Ros and Jane chose to get some
of the action for themselves. Quickly baring their magnificent sexy bodies, they
closed in, one in front of me and the other behind, and started to share the
attentions of my fingers -- and lips and tongue as well! -- on their own tits
and pussies.

   It was tiring, but it was great fun, too! When my mouth was busy with Jane or
Ros in front of me, the other pressed her warm, smooth woman-flesh against my
back and rubbed her sopping thatch on my toes, held so firmly behind my ass-
cheeks. Meanwhile my hands were called upon to caress the smooth buttocks of the
woman in front of me (or behind), or reach out to tweak Sue's erect nipples or
to slip wetly into Debbie's love-canal for for a few moments.

   Debbie was the first to come, in spite of her tight bondage -- perhaps
because of it! The sight of my naked, bound body sandwiched between her two sexy
friends, coupled with the titillations of my busy fingers, sent her into the
twisting throes of her orgasm. I lost track soon after that as the others, in
quick succession, reached their own heights of ecstasy... more than once in some
cases.

   At last, with both girl captives limp in their bonds and Jane lying just as
limp on the couch, Ros claimed me for herself and wrung one more climax out of
her sweat-sheened body. With her nails scratching my back as she held my wrists
hard up between my shoulder-blades, and with her breasts crushed against my
face, her twisting hips ground her spasming pussy against the tip of my engorged
cock. Then she, too, collapsed!

   My cock was aching with arousal after all this and I felt a bit cheated...
until I realized that my hands were free and... unemployed! Thinking no-one
would notice, I began to take myself towards the untimate pleasure... when Jane
suddenly moved up behind me, pulled my wrists together in back and snapped
handcuffs on them.

   I nearly howled in frustration, but she whispered in my ear: "I think we can
do better than that, Des dear; just be patient while we all recover. You've been
great to us!" And she eased the waiting by sitting on the floor and playing with
my turgid member, giving me intense pleasure but denying me the release of
orgasm. I was going out of my mind!

   After a while, Ros dragged herself to her feet and went to release Debbie's
sweat-soaked body. When in turn she released Sue's arms -- but before releasing
her legs -- she said with a smile, "There's one more small thing for you to do,
love. Wrists together behind you, please."

   Sue -- obviously as tired as everyone else -- gave her a look that said quite
clearly, "What, more? Come on, be fair!" But she was still gagged, so she
couldn't actually protest, and Ros just smiled wider and gently but firmly drew
Sue's arms behind her back and handcuffed her wrists. Sue's shoulders seemed to
slump... as if she was resigning herself to whatever 'fate' Ros had planned for
her.

   But her eyes lit up when she realized what that 'fate' was! With Debbie's and
Jane's help, Ros soon had Sue fastened into a padded shoulder harness that was
suspended by pulley from another ceiling hook close to the one holding me up;
then, while her two friends each held one of Sue's ankles, she turned the
'winch-handle' to lift Sue into the air... directly in front of me!

   My adored Mistress/wife's lovely naked body moved upwards in front of my
eyes, giving me a perfect view of her pretty face... then her firm breasts with
their deep red aureoles and hard nipples... then the smooth creamy skin of her
flat belly and the sexy curves of her waist and hips... and finally her shapely
thighs and between them -- wide open to my gaze because Jane and Debbie were
holding her ankles well apart -- the thick curls of her pussy and the lush red
lips of her cunt.

   Now the girls holding her legs swung her body towards me, and my mouth was
suddenly buried in the fragrant love-nest that I worship. There's nothing I'm
more willing to do than use my lips and tongue to give my darling Sue pleasure,
so I set to work happily, licking and kissing and sucking and nibbling. But I
had barely got started when she was lowered again -- my tongue and lips traced a
path over her belly and tits while her pussy left a trail of wetness over my
chest and belly -- until....

   Someone's hand grasped my rock-hard cock and held it up and then -- just as
Sue's beautiful eyes came level with mine -- I felt the incredible sensation of
her tight, warm, wet love-tunnel sliding over my manhood's super-sensitive head
and down its swollen shaft. With the gag in her mouth, she couldn't speak but
her eyes told me more than words ever could about the sensations she was
enjoying!

   As for my sensations, they were marvellous... but they were all too brief,
because I came as soon as the full length of my cock was buried inside Sue.
Quick though it was, it was easily the most intense orgasm I'd had that night...
thanks to the enormous pleasure of Sue's weight forcing my prick deeper than
usual and -- maybe even more significant! -- the sheer erotic thrill of this,
the very first time that Sue and I had fucked with both of us in bondage!! So
intense, in fact, that I as good as passed out from the pleasure of it.

   When I next became fully aware of my surroundings, I was in bed with my tired
-- but very happy -- wife. The other three girls, dressed and smiling, were
thanking us "for a great evening's fun; can we do it again sometime soon,
please?" My exhausted and pleasantly aching body refused to move, so all I could
do was grin and thank them in return for all the "attention" they had given me.

   I don't even remember the bedroom door closing behind them.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Desmios


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





