BDSM Library - Every Day Life




Every Day Life
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story is set in a future where women have lost all rights and are considered possessions of men.
EVERY DAY LIFE

By Mad Dog

Foreword

This story is set in a future where women have lost all rights and are
considered possessions of men. It is fictional and contains scenes of
nonconsensual rape and torture. It is not meant to condone the actions
described and is fantasy only. The story is meant for the entertainment of
adults only and should not be read by minors.

The story may be copied and distributed at will.




EVERY DAY LIFE

By Mad Dog

Foreword

This story is set in a future where women have lost all rights and are
considered possessions of men. It is fictional and contains scenes of
nonconsensual rape and torture. It is not meant to condone the actions
described and is fantasy only. The story is meant for the entertainment of
adults only and should not be read by minors.

The story may be copied and distributed at will.

Chapter 1

Mary fussed with the centerpiece. Tonight had to go perfectly or Vince would
be pissed and she definitely didn't want that.

Vince was bringing the executive vice-president, Mr. Vickers, home for
dinner. The vice-president of sales was retiring and Vince was up for the
job so he really wanted to impress Mr. Vickers. Vince had told her that if
she screwed up it meant an evening in the punishment chamber and that
thought scared the shit out of her.

Satisfied that the table was perfect, she started arranging a variety of
dildos, clamps, plugs and whips in the dining room and living room. The
items scared her but she was more afraid of a whole evening of punishment if
Vince got angry.

Satisfied that the guest would have any device he might reasonably want at
hand, she called her daughter, Stephanie, into the room. At 14 she was 5' 2"
tall and was just starting to develop substantial breasts with a figure of
35-23-34. She had long straight black hair and large brown eyes.

Mary took Stephanie by the shoulders and looked her in the eye; "Dad is
bringing home a very important man today. It is terribly important that you
do whatever he says. He is likely going to want to really hurt you but you
must let him or Dad will take you into the punishment chamber and it will be
much worse. Do you understand?"

Stephanie bit her lower lip as she nodded. She had only been in the
punishment chamber a couple of times for an hour or two but it had been
terrible. Whenever Vince had taken her mom into the chamber for a whole
night, she'd come out with horrible marks, incredibly swollen tits or barely
able to walk. She would do just about anything to avoid that.

Mary took Stephanie over to a clothes closet. She reached in and took out a
small black dress and told Stephanie to put it on. Stephanie undressed and
pulled the small outfit over her head. The dress ended just below her pussy
and the top was two strings over her shoulders. The front was low-cut and
showed a generous amount of her firm breasts. Mary had her daughter move to
make sure that any small movement would expose some of her tight ass or dark
pussy hair. Satisfied, she sent the girl away with instructions to send in
the maid.

Vince subscribed to the "Maid of the Week" service that sent over a new maid
every Friday. This week he had paid extra for a premium maid. These were the
most expensive and were guaranteed through special training to be totally
obedient. They were also highly experienced sexual athletes. The new one had
just arrived and Mary had yet to meet her.

The maid walked in and Mary stared at the statuesque woman. She was 5' 10"
inches tall with fiery red hair. She had huge tits with measurements of
44-26-38 on a well-exercised body. She was wearing only a small white apron
that covered her pubic area. The apron had a bib that was totally inadequate
to cover the large breasts that swayed while she walked. In her hand she
carried a large black valise.

She walked up to Mary and smiled coldly, "I'm Martha." Mary motioned towards
the formally set table, "My master is having his boss over tonight and wants
him to be really impressed." Martha looked over the thick punishment dildos
and other pain inducing devices and commented, "I take it he's into pain.
How severe?" Mary involuntarily wrung her hands, "Very!"

Martha set the bag down and opened it. "Too bad!" she complained as she
removed the tiny apron exposing long thick light pink nipples on large
3-inch areolas. She took a tube of some sort of ointment from the bag and
handed it to Mary. She grasped her hands behind her back and stood with her
feet wide apart and ordered "Put some of that on my nipples and clit."

Mary opened the tube and squeezed a blob onto her finger. She immediately
winced as the end of her finger felt as if was on fire. She grabbed a cloth
and tried to wipe it off but her finger only burnt more as she rubbed it
with the cloth.

Martha shook her head, "Too late now, honey. Once that stuff touches skin,
it starts to burn and it only gets worse if you touch it or wash it off. It
will get worse for the next hour or two and then it takes a day to wear off.
It leaves the area supersensitive. Now stop being such a wimp and do my
nipples."

Trying desperately to not get any ointment on a spot not already irritated,
Mary squeezed the ointment onto her finger. Martha's muscles tightened as
she steeled herself. Mary grasped a huge tit with her left hand and rubbed
the horrible salve onto one of the nipples. Martha gasped loudly as the
nipple and areola darkened as Mary rubbed the irritant in. Martha's breath
hissed through clenched teeth by the time Mary finished covering the tender
teat.

Martha trembled slightly as Mary squeezed another dab of ointment onto her
finger and grasped the other tit. She rubbed the irritant onto the other
nipple. "Nnnngh!" Martha grunted as sweat started to glisten on her skin.
She shook her head trying to keep her composure. Mary squeezed more ointment
onto her finger. Using her left hand, she reached between Martha's spread
legs and pulled her thick cunt lips apart. Her eyes widened as a fat clit
appeared. It was 1/2 inch long and thick as her little finger.

Mary rubbed the irritant onto Martha's clit. "GAAWWWWD!" the large red head
cried as she twisted forward and lifted one leg. She turned and grabbed the
back of a chair. She bent forward, leaning on the chair taking deep breaths.
After a few seconds, she stood upright and picked up a cloth. Gingerly, she
wiped the pain inducing salve from her nipples and clit, "God, that hurts!"
Picking up the apron, she slid it back over her head, secured it behind her.
Obviously still in discomfort, she walked back into the living room.

Mary went back to the closet to choose her own outfit. She had become Vince'
s slave at 13. He'd been attracted to her due to her petite stature. She'd
only been 4' 9" tall and the fact she only grew 2 more inches in height but
developed large tits was only a bonus to Vince. He liked a small woman. Now,
she was 31 years old, 4' 11" tall and a busty 41-22-34. Her hair was jet
black and hung to her waist. She worked hard to keep her belly flat and her
butt firm so Vince wouldn't tire of her and sell her to god knows whom.

She pulled a tiny string bikini out of the closet and pulled the bottoms on.
The front of the bottoms was only a small triangle that allowed dark pubic
hair to show over the top and out both sides. She slipped her arms into the
top and secured it behind. The small scraps of cloth that made the top
barely covered her dark nipples.

She looked at herself in the mirror. She was sure to make any man excited
but knew that might not be a good thing tonight. At least they might focus
on her and give her daughter, Stephanie, a break.

She walked from the dining room to the children's room. She had 3 daughters
under 13. Vince didn't like them any younger than that so she cared for them
until they were ready to be used by their father. At least Vince was
financially successful and her daughters hadn't been sold off from birth
like so many of the other female babies in the neighborhood. Stephanie had
just been introduced to Vince 10 months ago. He wasn't happy that she had
grown larger than her mother but still fucked her often.

Before catching the attention of the other 3 daughters, she looked wistfully
at Judy. She was going to be 13 next month and Mary was really concerned for
her. She had taken to her mother's side of the family and was very petite.
She was only 4' 10" tall and had only a whisp of pubic hair and small
breasts with large nipples suggesting they might develop later. She had the
family straight black hair with a girlish 33-22-33 figure. Mary knew from
her own experience how horrible it was going to be for her when Vince
started using her.

Stepping into the room, the 3 young girls looked up at her as she spoke,
"Listen girls, there is going to be a very important man coming over tonight
and you must stay in your room and keep quiet. You're likely to hear a lot
of screaming but you must stay in here and keep quiet. Do you understand?"
The 3 girls nodded and Mary headed into the kitchen.

The houses large kitchen was a hive of activity. Vince had hired a catering
firm owned by Walter Kincaid who lived down the block. The head cook was a
brunette about 40 years old. She had large breasts that drooped slightly and
was slightly overweight. She stood 5' 4" tall with a rounded 40-28-38 body.
She wore only an apron that came down to her knees with a bib that fastened
behind her neck. Half of her large tits were exposed. She was busy with
something that looked like a huge hypodermic needle. It was a plastic tube
about 18 inches long with a plastic plunger in one end. Instead of a needle
at its tip, it had plastic tubing that attached to a metal tube about 6
inches long and 1/8 of an inch in diameter. About one inch from where the
metal tube connected to the rubber, the metal tube bulged to 1/4 of an inch
and then returned to 1/8 of an inch. The plunger was pulled all the way out
and the tube was filled with a clear yellow liquid.

The cook motioned towards a blonde woman in her twenties. She was a perfect
36-24-36. The woman slowly walked over to the counter turned her back to the
counter and lifted her butt onto it. She pulled her knees up and spread her
legs apart until her pussy pulled slightly open. The cook pulled her cunt
lips apart with her left hand and took the metal tube in her right hand. She
lined the tube up with the tiny opening of the blonde's urethra. Pressing
the tip against the tiny piss hole, the cooked pushed the tube into the
blonde who gasped loudly as her urethra was roughly expanded. The cook didn'
t give her a moment to recover as she pushed the tube in until the 1/4"
bulge jammed into the tiny hole. The blonde cried out in agony as the
punishment catheter split her piss hole. The cook tugged on the rubber hose
to make sure the catheter was firmly lodged. She then picked up the huge
syringe and slowly started depressing the plunger.

The blonde grunted and whined while the yellow liquid was forced into her
bladder. As the plunger reached the half way point, the blonde started to
plead, "Please .ngh. no more .aagh. too much .ooww. can't take it all!" The
cook never slowed her pressure on the plunger as the liquid relentlessly
filled the blonde's bladder. As the last of the liquid worked it's way into
the now weeping victim, the cook picked up a surgical clamp and attached it
to the rubber hose. She then disconnected the hose from the syringe and left
it hanging from the crying blonde. The blonde slipped off the counter and
joined several other weeping women in a corner.

The cook seemed to notice Mary for the first time. "What do you want? I'm
busy!" she asked gruffly. Mary spoke up, "I'm making sure you've got
everything ready." The cook shook her head but responded, "I've got crab
cakes, beef Wellington, dauphin potatoes and zabaglione for your master and
his guests." She pointed to two very slender women in the corner. Both
small-breasted women were slender except for noticeable bulging of their
lower abdomen. Thick rubber tubes hung from each ass. They were slightly
bent forward, weeping loudly and had their hands cupped under their
distended bellies. "I've filled those two bitches' assholes with high volume
urine enemas and given them laxatives to make a piss and shit soup for the
slaves. I've inflated the other two's bladders with urine for the slaves to
drink."

The cook turned to the other side of the room where two huge breasted women
stood with their hands tied behind their backs, small droplets of milk hung
from large swollen nipples and their tits seemed unnaturally swollen. "Those
two are given twice daily shots of highly diluted hormones in their tits to
keep them constantly lactating. This morning, their tits were beaten with a
rubber hose to bruise them without marks. If one of the masters wants milk,
they will supply it. Of course the procedure will be incredibly painful"

Mary nodded her approval and the cook shook her head again, returning to her
preparations. Mary walked back into the living room. There was nothing left
to do but wait for Vince to come home.




EVERY DAY LIFE

By Mad Dog

Foreword

This story is set in a future where women have lost all rights and are
considered possessions of men. It is fictional and contains scenes of
nonconsensual rape and torture. It is not meant to condone the actions
described and is fantasy only. The story is meant for the entertainment of
adults only and should not be read by minors.

The story may be copied and distributed at will.

Chapter 2

Vince was pissed off. His regular secretary was away getting her cunt and
asshole surgically tightened. She also needed to get her accumulation of
scars regenerated. Vince liked a tight cunt and asshole but really hated
that it took three weeks for the surgery and healing to take place. Every
replacement cunt they sent him from the secretary pool had been worth less
than shit.

The latest cunt had just made another typing error and was standing
trembling in front of him. She was 5' 4" tall with wavy mousy brown hair to
her shoulders. A sheer white blouse did nothing to hide her large tits,
which were covered with welts. Slender legs came out from an ultra short
black skirt. Her measurements were 38-23-35. Tears streamed from her eyes as
she spoke, "Please Sir, I'm sorry! Please don't whip my tits again! I can't
take any more pain! Please! Forgive me!" She looked at the huge man in
terror. He was 6' 10" tall and incredibly muscular. His hair was jet black
and cut short. At 36 he was the youngest manager in the firm.

Vince took a bamboo cane from under his desk, "Ok, we'll do your ass then."
The secretary's eyes went to the floor, "Yes, sir. Thank you, sir." She
muttered quietly. "Get undressed!" snapped Vince. While the secretary
removed her clothing, Vince pushed a button and a board on the end of his
desk separated from one edge to create a six-inch opening in the desk.

Pointing to the desk, he ordered, "Lie face down." The secretary laid one
her stomach on the desk. Vince grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her
head over the edge of the desk until her tits fell through the opening.
Vince pushed another button and the end board edged back toward the rest of
the desk. As it moved, it started to crush the secretary's beaten tits. The
woman started to scream and struggle as her tits suffered from the pressure.
Her struggles quickly subsided as her thrashing tugged on her now firmly
gripped tits, increasing the pain.

Vince pulled shackles up from the desk and chained the woman's legs apart as
the shackles were attached to each corner of the large desk. He then lined
the cane up with the firm ass. "We'll do twenty strokes and you'll count
each one or we'll start again." He said firmly. The secretary's head turned
around as far as it could, "NO! I CAN'T TAKE TWENTY WITH A CANE! YOU'LL KILL
ME!" Vince shrugged, "Twenty five then." "NOOOO!" she screamed. "We're up to
thirty. Do you want to complain more?" The secretary shook her head, "NO!"

Vince raised the cane and gave the muscular ass a short but firm stroke. The
secretary's head snapped up as she howled, "OOOOWWWW!" She tried to stop
from writhing more as any movement caused the pain in her crushed tits to
worsen.

Vince smiled, "You didn't count so that one didn't count." Before she had a
chance to protest, Vince slashed the cane across her full ass again.
"AARRRGGGHHH ONE!" the secretary screamed. Stroke after stroke struck the
beautiful woman's ass, slowly turning it into a mass of ugly welts, some
oozing drops of blood. Each stroke raised a louder scream but she managed to
punctuate each howl with the count of the brutal beating.

After twenty stokes across her ass, Vince sought fresh ground and hit the
inside of one of the spread legs, just below her crotch. The resulting
scream pierced the air but still the suffering victim kept up the horrible
count. Vince rained five strokes on the inside of each leg, as the secretary
couldn't control her thrashing. Each jerk caused additional pain as her
trapped tits stretched with each movement.

As the thirtieth stoke slashed her thigh, her head dropped and she sobbed
uncontrollably. Vince stood in front of her, and pulled his cock from her
pants. She lifted her head weekly and looked at it in terror. It was only
semi-erect but it already stood eleven inches long and was incredibly thick.
He had fucked her brutally several times already and her cunt and ass ached
from the abuse.

He held the huge ball of a cock-head near her lips and she opened her mouth
as wide as she could, fearing more punishment if she wasn't immediately
compliant. Vince pushed the tip of the massive organ past her teeth but didn
't even give her a chance to start sucking on it. Instead he grabbed a
handful of hair with each hand and drove his cock directly down the
restrained secretary's throat.

The secretary's eyes bulged as she gagged loudly and Vince set up a steady
pounding in and out of her throat. Occasionally, he would pull his cock out
enough for the woman to desperately gasp some air into her deprived lungs.
After a few minutes that seemed like an eternity to the secretary, Vince
pulled his now fully erect cock from the woman's mouth as she coughed
violently and saliva drooled out of her mouth. It took several seconds for
her coughing to die down as her throat ached from the bruising of the
vicious throat fuck.

While the secretary tried to recover, Vince walked to the side of the desk
where her feet were secured to the corners and climbed up between the
outstretched legs. He grasped a horribly discolored ass cheek with each hand
and pulled them apart exposing the secretary's asshole as she winced from
the abuse of the whipped flesh. "OOWW! Please don't fuck my ass again! You
bruised it so much before! Please, let me rest! Please, I can't take any
more! GAAAWWWD NOOO AAAAHHH!" she screamed as Vince leaned forward, pressing
the huge cock against her tiny sphincter. Slowly the tiny whole widened
under the pressure until it finally relented and the huge head popped into
the overstretched asshole.

"AAARRRGHH .TOO BIG. NNNGGHH .RIPPING MEEE .OWWW .MERCY PLEASE .AYYIIEEE!"
Vince's victim begged as relentlessly he pushed the huge organ into her ass.
He leaned all the way forward laying his full weight on the woman, forcing
his cock fully into her butt causing her cries to reach a new heights. He
started a deep stroked fucking of the secretary's ass. Each outward stoke
caused deep grunts as she felt as if she was being pulled inside out and
each inward thrust raised a new scream as the searing pain of her ass being
incredibly split renewed.

Vince's rhythm changed to short violent strokes as his body stiffened and he
shot a massive load of semen into the abused hole. He rested his weight on
the exhausted woman for a few seconds as she struggled to breathe.
Eventually, he rolled off her and she gasped as the limp cock popped out of
her aching butt.

Vince walked in front of her and she lifted her head to gaze at his now limp
cock. It was streaked with shit and glistened with come. Weeping, she
started licking the foul mixture off the monster cock, gagging occasionally
from the awful taste. When he was satisfied she had thoroughly cleaned his
cock, Vince unshackled the secretary and pressed the button to release her
crushed tits. She cried out in pain as blood rushed back into her tits.

As she gained some composure, she stood from the desk, her legs wobbly from
exhaustion. Her hands covered her welted and discolored tits. Slowly, she
pulled on her skimpy clothes.

Vince sat at his desk and spoke without looking up, "That's it for today but
tell that cunt that supervises the secretarial pool to send somebody
competent up next time or we'll have a meeting in the corporate punishment
room she won't forget." The secretary nodded her tear-streamed face and left
the office.

Vince signed a couple of more documents before heading to the parking
garage. He thought to himself that the evening had better go well. He really
wanted that promotion. Well he had done everything he could. The premium
maid and catering service had cost a fortune but he looked at it as an
investment.




EVERY DAY LIFE

By Mad Dog

Foreword

This story is set in a future where women have lost all rights and are
considered possessions of men. It is fictional and contains scenes of
nonconsensual rape and torture. It is not meant to condone the actions
described and is fantasy only. The story is meant for the entertainment of
adults only and should not be read by minors.

The story may be copied and distributed at will

Chapter 3

Mary was in her usual position to greet Vince as he came through the door,
on her knees. She was relieved when he motioned her up instead of
instructing her to suck his huge cock. She had become expert at sucking the
fat cock but still hated the way Vince could drive it in to her throat in a
way that seemed to cause the most pain.

She led Vince around to show him the preparations she had made for his boss.
He seemed to be satisfied with the torture implements scattered around the
living room and she motioned him to the dining room. He followed her in.

Martha was kneeling beside one of the dining room chairs. She was affixing
two large dildos to the seat. One was ten inches long and two inches in
diameter. Short stiff bristles covered it. The second was five balls, each
about one and a half inches in diameter, stacked to form a dildo.

Martha stood and faced Vince. She stood with her legs wide apart and her
hands behind her back as she greeted him, "Welcome, Master. I am Martha and
I am your total slave. I will do anything to please you. Would you like to
examine me or should I show myself to you?"

Vince smiled, "Show yourself to me." The red head removed her apron and
started describing herself, "I am 25 years old and I have been trained in
all aspects of sexual pleasure. I do gymnastic training regularly to remain
flexible and to give me the stamina to take continued and intense abuse. I
have been psychologically conditioned to be totally obedient."

The maid pointed to her tits, "I have 44 inch breasts that are natural and
very sensitive. Clamps, whips and tit presses cause me significant pain. My
nipples are particularly sensitive. As you can see, they are large and can
take the most extreme clamps. I have treated them with an irritant so they
will be incredibly sensitive for tonight." To illustrate, the busty red head
pinched one of her nipples and grimaced in obvious pain.

Releasing the tender teat, she moved her had to her muscled belly. "I can
take huge amounts of enema which is something I find disgusting and
particularly hate." Pointing to her fiery red pubic hair, "I have left all
my cunt hair in so it may be used as a handle to control me or be ripped out
as torture."

The maid turned and bent over. "I have a well muscled ass and can take
extreme beatings. My ass has just been surgically tightened to make it
extremely tight. Inserting anything into it should be quite horrible." She
reached between her legs and pulled her meaty cunt lips apart, "My hymen has
been surgically reconstructed and my cunt has been tightened. As per your
order, it has been made extremely tight too. A fucking will be much worse
than when I lost my virginity. My clitoris is very large and gives many
opportunities for causing incredible pain. I have also treated it with
irritant so it will be more responsive to abuse."

Vince nodded approvingly, "The guest of honor doesn't have a very large
penis. Are you sure you're tight enough to hurt when he fucks you?"
Maintaining her bent position, the slave answered, "Yes master, even a
finger in my ass or cunt will be uncomfortable."

Vince approached the maid's upturned ass and roughly jammed his thick middle
finger up her asshole. Martha grunted with discomfort as he asked, "How does
that feel?" With a grimace she responded, "Very tight. Hurts." Vince nodded
approvingly as he pulled his finger from the tight hole, "Good, it felt
incredibly tight too."

Motioning the maid up, Vince pointed to the punishment dildos attached to
two of the chairs, "I like the look of those." Martha nodded and Mary looked
on with a frown, "Yes, I thought it would be more pleasing to your guest if
the women of the table were in constant pain throughout supper. The large
anal balls should be very painful on insertion and removal while the short
bristles of the large cunt dildo should make any small movement painful as
the bristles change their position. After about twenty minutes, their cunts
will incredibly raw."

Vince slapped Mary's full ass causing her to jump, "Sounds like fun, doesn't
it Mary." Mary just continued staring at the large fake cocks that would
soon be causing her and her daughter great pain.

Vince went into the living room, followed by the two beautiful slaves. He
ordered Mary to make him a drink and Martha to suck his cock. While Mary was
mixing the drink, Martha unzipped his fly and pulled Vince's huge cock out.
Her eyes widened as she took in the size of the organ but she didn't
hesitate to demonstrate her skills by forcing it into her mouth and down her
throat with a loud coughing gag. She continued to pound her own throat with
only occasional gasps of air, as she would pull her head back. Even Mary was
amazed at the force and speed of the throat fuck.

While Vince was enjoying the expert throat fuck, his son, Mark, came in the
room. Mark was a month shy of 16 and already stood 6 foot 8 inches tall. He
had bulging muscles already and everyone was sure he was going to be even
larger than his father.

Mark smiled at the scene if front of him, "Cool new maid, Dad!" Vince
chuckled, "Don't get used to it, this is the best money can buy and I can't
afford it often."

Gripping his crotch, Mark asked, "Can I fuck her while she sucks you?" Vince
shook his head; "I want to keep them fresh for Mr. Vickers. Mary, suck the
boys cock."

Mary nodded sadly. She hated sucking her own son's cock not just because he
was her son but because his cock had grown to be as long as his father's and
was even thicker. However, she didn't want to risk Vince's anger and knelt
in front of the teenager and pulled the rapidly erecting cock out of his
pants.

Mary took a deep breath before stretching her mouth around the huge head.
She worked her tongue under the sensitive head while gently sucking. Taking
another deep breath, she slowly started working the huge head into her
throat. Mark's cock got even larger as she gagged around it and worked it
half way into her throat. She pulled her head back, gasped for air and
started driving farther down his cock.

As both men reveled in pleasure, Vince asked, "What are you doing tonight?"
Mark responded, "Charlie Jackson's sister ran away and his Dad's going to
punish her. He said we could help so I'm going to stay the night. He wants
us to work on her in shifts so she's punished continually all night." Vince
nodded his approval.

Within a few minutes, both slaves were obliged to swallow large amounts of
semen. Mark headed out the door and Vince went upstairs to shower and get
changed.




EVERY DAY LIFE

By Mad Dog

Foreword

This story is set in a future where women have lost all rights and are
considered possessions of men. It is fictional and contains scenes of
nonconsensual rape and torture. It is not meant to condone the actions
described and is fantasy only. The story is meant for the entertainment of
adults only and should not be read by minors.

The story may be copied and distributed at will

Chapter 4

Mark knocked on the front door of the Jackson house. He had been looking
forward to this all day. Charlie's mom and sisters had the biggest tits in
the neighborhood. Mark just loved big tits. The door opened and Millie
Jackson, Charlie's mother, answered the door. She was 5 feet 5 inches with
huge tits on a 46-25-37 frame. She wore a halter-top made of sheer cloth
that clearly outlined huge nipples. Short shorts of the same material
covered her full ass so that you could see the pattern caused by her wiry
pubic hair in the crotch.

She looked worried and put her hand on the giant youth's shoulder pulling
him closer to whisper in his ear, "I know you've always had a thing for my
tits, Mark. I see the way you look at them. If you help Carla get tortured
less, we'll have fun and you can fuck me and play with my tits all you
 want."

Mark reached into the halter-top and pulled one of the heavy tits our. The
long thick nipple was surrounded by 3-inch areola. Mark grabbed the dark
nipple between two fingers and viciously twisted it. As Millie whined he
asked, "Will you let me whip your tits?" Millie's face looked desperate, "I
can't! Walter would see the marks!" Mark shrugged, "Forget it then."

Millie rapidly tucked her tit back into her top as heavy footsteps
approached. A moment later Walter Jackson entered the foyer, "Hey Mark, how'
s it going." Walter said as he reached his hand out to Mark. Walter Jackson
was a large black man at 6 foot 2 inches with broad shoulders and a widening
waistline, as he got older.

Mark took the older man's hand, "Pretty good, Mr. Jackson. Unfortunately, I
wasn't able to complete a deal with Mrs. Jackson." Walter looked puzzled,
"What do you mean?" Mark smiled as Millie's face showed her fear, "She
offered to let me fuck her and play with her tits if I took it easy on
Carla. She wouldn't let me whip them though."

Anger creased Walter's face as he glared at Millie, "Your cunt of a daughter
tries to run away and you're going to fuck someone else without my
permission to try and get her out of all the pain she deserves! You fucking
whore." As he finished the sentence, he raised his right hand high in the
air and swung it hard across the side of her huge left tit. Millie cried out
in pain as the vicious blow drove her sensitive tit out of the halter-top.
She twisted and crossed her hands over her tits.

Walter turned to Mark, "I'm sorry about this cock teasing bitch." Walter
pointed his finger at his now weeping wife, "You're going to put on a show
and please this young man. If you don't satisfy him, I'm going to give Carla
a week to heal and send her home with him to punish her as much as he
 wants." He grabbed a handful of the black woman's hair and pulled her face
close to his face, "You got that, bitch!"

As he released Millie's hair, she looked at Mark with a tear-streaked face,
"Please! Please, don't hurt Carla! I'll do anything!" Mark smiled evilly, "I
want to see those tits hurt big time. I want you to hurt them yourself." The
tears streamed down the woman's face as she nodded resigned to her fate.

Walter put his hand under her chin, "You better go get ready and figure out
a way to make the boy happy." The woman walked away with her head hanging
down. Walter motioned for Mark to follow and led him to a door connecting to
a garage. In the garage, Carla was tied over a sawhorse. Carla was Charlie's
18-year-old sister. She was 5 feet 6 inches tall and had even larger tits
than her mother at 47-24-37.

At the moment, her mouth was opened wide as she screamed pitifully. Behind
her stood her 15-year-old sister, Denise. Denise had yet to develop to the
huge proportions of her sister and mother but was still impressive at 5 feet
3 inches tall and 41-23-35. She was nude except for two large dildos
strapped to her firm young body. One was 11 inches long and 2 ? inches
thick. Dull hard metal studs covered its surface. A smaller 8-inch dildo had
rings that were 2 inches thick arranged every ? inch over a 1-? inch thick
body. Both dildos were being plowed in and out of Carla, the larger in her
cunt and the smaller in her ass. Denise was also writhing in pain.

Mark's friend, Charlie, stood behind Denise with a cat-o-nine tails and was
stroking her beautiful ass with it to encourage her to rape her sister more
violently. Charlie was 6 feet tall with a lean hard muscled body. His 8-inch
cock was hard and erect. Fiona, the youngest Jackson girl was cowering in a
corner. Only 13 years old, she was only 4 feet 11 inches tall and was just
starting to develop huge tits. Her tiny frame was 36-22-33 but her nicely
shaped tits were a quarter covered by large dark nipples.

Walter started to undress and motioned for Mark to do the same. Walter was
not as well endowed as Mark but had a thick 9-inch cock. He waved Charlie
away from his whipping of Denise and stepped behind the young girl. He
pushed Denise against Carla so the punishment dildos were fully inserted and
bent Denise over slightly. He then lined his cock head up with Denise's
asshole. Denise's tear stained face looked over her shoulder at her father,
"Please, Dad, please! Not up my ass! I hate it up my ass! Please OOOOWWWW!"


Denise's pleas turned into howls of pain as Walter jerked three inches of
cock into her tight young ass. Relentlessly, he crammed his full cock into
her. He then bent over her and growled menacingly in her ear "Taking my cock
up your ass is just a start. You and Fiona covered for Carla when she ran
away. You're in for some major pain too!"

Walter held Denise's ass against his hips and pulled back so the dildo's
started to pull out of Carla. He then released Denise and she drove forward
as hard and fast as she could to get as much of her father's fat dick out of
her ass as she could. This had the effect of driving the punishment dildos
into her sister with the most violence yet and Carla screamed loudly. As
soon as Denise was pressed against Carla's ass, Walter drove in hard,
splitting Denise's ass causing her to grunt in pain. Walter kept this
tortuous dance up for 15 minutes when he pushed Denise forward and came up
her ass with short violent strokes.

Walter stepped back from his sobbing daughters. He pulled Denise off Carla
and unshackled Carla. Both girls stood shifting due to the pain of their
violent rapes. Their bodies glistened with sweat.

The people in the room had been so involved in the rape of the two girls
that they hadn't noticed Millie come into the room. She stood naked, her
huge breasts slightly more droopy than her daughters. Walter grabbed a
handful of her wiry pubic hair and dragged her roughly to Mark. "You better
show Mark a good time or Carla can look forward to another night like this
at his place." Millie nodded as she grimaced from the pain the pulling of
her cunt hair caused.

Walter let go of her pubic hair and Millie looked toward the floor. She was
embarrassed by having to sexually please her son's friend. She was afraid
because she knew she would have to endure horrible pain to satisfy him.
However, she wanted to save her daughter another night of torture. Unlike
Vince, Walter rarely severely punished her or the girls and they weren't
used to it.

Millie had spent the last half hour thinking up sexual tortures that would
leave no doubt that Mark would be pleased. She had always seen him staring
at her chest and knew she was going to have to abuse her tits badly. Looking
up into his eyes she spoke with a wavering voice, "I thought we could start
by me straddling your cock and having my tits beaten. Then I would sit my
ass on your cock and put a weighted tit press on. Then you could stick
needles into my tits. Then you could shock my tits with electricity until my
spasms of pain make you come." The look of anticipation in Mark's eyes
convinced her she had him excited and that she had chosen correctly.

She went to the wall and came back with a whip made of several knotted
ropes. Walter called to Denise, "Get over here and whip your mother while
she fucks Mark." Mark undressed and everyone stared wide-eyed at the size of
his cock. Only his friend Charlie had seen it before. It was already fully
erect in anticipation and he lay back on a low bench.

Millie stepped over the bench and lined her cunt up with the huge erection.
She wasn't a tight young girl and Walter hadn't ever felt the need to have
her surgically tightened but the huge cock still caused her breath to catch
as it worked its way into her cunt. She couldn't believe how much it
stretched her as she worked her way down. Mark on the other hand was smiling
widely as she started a slow deep fuck of his cock.

After a couple of thrusts onto the fat cock, Millie nodded to Denise. The
beautiful girl raised the whip over her mother's head and thrashed it across
the tops of her mother's huge tits. Millie's head snapped back as she howled
with pain. Her body tensed and she twisted in pain on Mark's cock.

Denise set up a steady rhythm of blows on her mother's tits. Millie jerked
and bounced as her tits were mercilessly beaten. When a knot would strike a
large nipple, Mark would gasp as pain would cause the black woman's cunt to
grip harder than he thought possible. Millie desperately grasped her hands
behind her back to stop herself from covering her battered tits. She tried
to keep a fucking motion on the cock but it rapidly became a frenzied
jerking as her tits turned into a sea of pain.

After a score of stokes, Mark held up a hand for Denise to stop. Millie
collapsed down on Mark's cock, her screams reducing to moans. Her huge black
tits were marred by darker black bruises and scraped skin. Millie crossed
her arms over the battered breasts.

As Millie's cries died down, grunts of pain could be heard from the other
side of the room. Walter had Carla secured to a workbench with her legs
spread wide and her ankles tied to ropes hanging from the garage rafters. He
had his large hand pushed up her cunt and was ramming his fist in and out
with a brutal punching motion.

A higher pitched scream came from nearby as Charlie had the tiny Fiona bent
over the sawhorse. He was crushing her dark nipple with a heavy vice grip.
He returned to a board with tools hanging from it and returned with a second
vice grip. Fiona pleaded pitifully, "PLLEEAASE STOOOOP" as he held the jaws
over her other nipple. Her head snapped up in an opened mouthed scream as
the second nipple was crushed. Both the young girls tits were unnaturally
stretched downward by the weight of the heavy tools.

Mark knocked Millie's hands away from her tits bringing her attention away
from her suffering children. "Enough rest! Let's get on with it." Millie
stood slowly, the thick cock pulling out of her cunt. Her brow furrowed in
concern as she contemplated cramming the young man's massive prick in her
ass. She really wondered if she would be able to force herself to accept
that much painful stretching of her ass.

Gingerly, she moved her sphincter over the huge head and worked it around
slowly applying more pressure. High-pitched whines escaped her throat as the
tiny whole slowly expanded. The pain and pressure increased until the big
ball cock head popped into her ass. "NNNNGGGGGAAAHHH!" the large black woman
screamed as she felt as if her ass had been ripped apart. Her body trembled
from the suffering.

She started breathing in short breaths, trying to control the pain as she
started the horrible descent down the massive organ. Every couple of
seconds, her breath would catch and she would gasp. Finally, her full ass
was resting on Mark. Her breath was ragged and drawn through clenched teeth
as her rectum ached along its full length.

Denise approached with a heavy wooden press made of two coarse 2X4 boards. A
bolt and wing nut was passed through holes on each end. The boards were
currently about ten inches apart. Denise pushed the boards over her mother's
heavy tits and held them in place. Mark smiled widely, "Tighten them up
yourself, cunt! I mean really tight!"

With trembling fingers, Millie slowly turned the wing nuts until Denise no
longer needed to hold the boards. Millie kept turning until the boards
started squeezing the sensitive tits. As the pressure became painful, the
rate of turning slowed and the thick tits protruding between the boards
started to swell. Mark shifted slightly in pleasure as the already tight
asshole gripped harder as the pain increased.

Millie stopped for a moment as sweat ran down her face and dripped onto
Mark. Her tits ached horribly but she knew more was required. She gripped
each wing nut and gave them a full turn. She shook her head desperately as
the pain became intolerable. She clenched her fists and closed her eyes
trying to remain in control.

Mark loved the sensations the tortured woman's ass was causing his cock.
Each turn had caused her butt to grip ever more tightly. However, it was
apparent that she had crushed her tits as much as she could on her own. As
she opened her tear filled eyes, Mark reached up and grabbed each wing nut.

Millie shook her head violently, "GOD NO! NO TIGHTER! YOU'LL CUT THEM OFF
AAARRRRGGGHHH!" The victim spasmed and jerked in pain as the boards inched
closer together. After 2 more full turns, Mark stopped and allowed the
suffering woman to settle somewhat. The two boards were incredibly close
together and most of her huge tits bulged out of the press like large black
balloons. Sweat and tears poured down her face.

Denise approached with two large lead balls attached to chains. She hooked
one over each end of the tit press and let them drop. "AAYYYIIEEE! TAAAAKE
THEEEEEM OOOOFFFF! TOOOOO MUUUUUCH  PAAAIIIINNNN!" Millie screamed as the
tit press dug deeper into her tits and as the weights swung on the tit
press. Her ass squeezed on Mark's cock until he groaned.

As Millie settled into deep sobbing, Marked bounced his hips up. As the
motion caused the weights to swing and Millie to grunt in pain, he ordered,
"Fuck up and down, bitch!" Millie slowly rose up, trying to stop the huge
weights from swinging as the huge cock felt like it was pulling her insides
out. As she felt the fat head nearing her sphincter, she slowly started a
painful descent. She continued to repeat the slow motion rape of her
asshole.
Suddenly, Mark lashed out and struck the swollen left tit with a hard slap.
Millie howled in agony, bending forward as the blow caused incredible agony
to the crushed and stretched tit. "Start giving me a good fuck or I'll spend
next weekend doing this to your daughter."

"NOOO!" sobbed Millie as she leaned forward. She started picking up the pace
of her anal fuck. As her ass started pounding the horrible cock with more
vigor, the weights tied to the tit press started to swing more and more and
the cries of pain became louder. After a few minutes, Mark felt orgasm
nearing and grasped Millie's waist and brought the pounding butt rape to a
halt.

Mark motioned to Denise who brought over a tray of skewers. They ranged in
length from 4 to 10 inches. Millie stared at them through wide tear filled
eyes. Mark picked a 10 inch skewer off the tray and pressed the sharp point
against the top of the bulging crushed tit. Millie gritted her teeth to try
and steel herself but, as the thick skewer pressed into the tender flesh,
she lost all control and screamed uncontrollably as Mark pressed the skewer
completely through the huge tit. Not waiting for the scream to subside, Mark
slowly passed another skewer through the other tit.

The screaming was continuous as he selected another skewer and passed it
horizontally through one of the crushed tits and then the other. Mark
crossed his hands over his chest as he allowed the screaming to subside, his
victim's asshole twitching on his cock with each sob.

As she settled to a wracking sobbing, Mark picked up a 4 inch skewer and
lined it up with the center of one of the thick long dark nipples. Millie
just shook her head desperately, unable to speak from fear. She went into a
room-shattering scream as Mark plunged the skewer into the nipple.

He again allowed her to return to some sort of sanity before lining a second
skewer up with the other nipple. Millie had given up any hope of mercy and
just sobbed pitifully before breaking into loud screaming as the second
skewer was rammed through her nipple into her tit.

Her sobbing was so hard that it made it hard for her to breath as her tits
throbbed with severe pain as Mark waved Denise over again. Denise came over
with an electrical transformer. Attached to the terminals were two wires
ending in alligator clips. Denise connected a clip to each of the skewers.
She set the transformer on the floor near Mark.

Mark pressed a button on the transformer and Millie's body jerked as a
gurgling grunt left her throat. Mark kept tapping the button causing the
woman to twitch on his cock. Every few seconds, he would turn a dial on the
front of the box and Millie's actions would become more violent, her cries
would become louder and the gripping of her anal muscles would become
stronger.

By the time that the dial was turned completely up, each touch of the button
would result in a scream and Millie's body would bounce violently. After
several minutes of the severe tit shocking, Mark's body tightened as he shot
a huge load of come into the abused asshole. Millie fell forward barely
conscious.

As Mark came down from his thundering orgasm, he looked over to see Walter
had forced his other fist up Carla's ass. The young black woman was past
screaming and was only groaning painfully as her ass and cunt were
impossibly stretched by the double fist fucking. Fiona, on the other hand,
was screaming loudly. A huge dildo was inserted in her cunt while Charlie
was viciously raping her tiny ass.

Mark pushed the moaning Millie off himself. He needed to stretch and get a
rest if he was going to have his turn at Carla's huge tits.




EVERY DAY LIFE

By Mad Dog

Foreword

This story is set in a future where women have lost all rights and are
considered possessions of men. It is fictional and contains scenes of
nonconsensual rape and torture. It is not meant to condone the actions
described and is fantasy only. The story is meant for the entertainment of
adults only and should not be read by minors.

The story may be copied and distributed at will

Chapter 5

Vince looked out his living room window just in time to see the large
limousine pull into the curved driveway that ran past his front door. The
limousine stopped in front of the entrance and a tall lithe blonde got out
of the drivers door.

She wore a black peaked hat and a black suit jacket. The top button of the
jacket was just above her navel and the lapels were cut wide so that her
small well-formed breasts were mostly exposed. The back of the jacket came
just below her ass cheeks so that, when she bent to open the passenger door,
most of her ass was exposed. Pink cunt lips stood out from blonde pubic hair
between slightly parted legs.

As the limo door opened, screaming, so loud it could be heard through the
triple paned windows, filled the quiet neighborhood.

Through the open limousine door, Vince could see the lower half of a woman
with her legs spread wide, obviously secured somehow to the top of the
limousine. Mr. Vickers was viciously driving a champagne bottle into the
woman's cunt and a wine bottle into her ass. Mr. Vickers released the
bottles and they were slowly squeezed out of the woman and the din lessened.

Mr. Vickers exited the car and walked up to the door. The doorbell chimed
and Walter heard Martha open the front door. He heard a dull grunt. A few
seconds later, Martha came into the living room, her face in obvious
discomfort. Mr. Vickers was walking beside her with two fingers jammed in
her ass.

Mr. Vickers was in his mid sixties, 5-foot 7inches. He had thin gray hair
and was pudgy with a doughy complexion. He smiled at Vince, "We have to stop
paying you so much, this is a really fine maid. Her ass is incredibly
 tight." Vince smiled back, "I can't afford to buy maids like you do. I
rented this one particularly for tonight. Nothing's too good for the boss!
Cunt, show yourself to Mr. Vickers." The beautiful maid went through a
similar description to the one she gave Vince. Mr. Vickers nodded
approvingly, "Reconstructed hymen! Nice touch! I'll look forward to ripping
that."

Pointing to his wife and daughter, Vince introduced them to Mr. Vickers,
"This is Mary and Stephanie. Mary has the most sensitive nipples and is
really a skilled slave. Stephanie needs some work. She doesn't suck cock
worth shit but she is really tight."

Mr. Vickers walked up to the two lovely women and smiled at Mary but was
obviously more interested in Stephanie. "If you're tight, I bet you hate it
up the ass." Stephanie's looked terrified as she nodded. "Good, I love
torturing young assholes." Stephanie looked at her mother in terror.

"Would you like a drink, Mr. Vickers?" Vince asked. "Bourbon and water."
Vince motioned toward Martha, "I'll have a seven and seven." Martha looked
at Vince and asked, "Would you like me to use some devices to make serving
you painful?" Vince nodded.

Martha went to her bag and came out with four vicious looking clamps. They
resembled small car jumper cable clamps with sharp teeth. She approached Mr.
Vickers, "Would you like to put this on my nipples and cunt lips, Master?"
When he nodded, she placed the terrifying clamps on the table next to him,
placed her hands behind her back and stood with her legs apart.

Mr. Vickers grabbed on of the large firm tits and opened the clamp over the
red nipple. He let it snap shut on the sensitive teat. Martha choked off a
grunt of pain as the sharp teeth dug into her nipple. Mr. Vickers repeated
the process on the other tit and Martha gasped through clenched teeth. "Tell
me how they feel!" The older man insisted. "HURTS! NIPPLES SO SORE ALREADY!
REALLY HURTS!" the suffering maid whined.

Mr. Vickers grunted with effort as he kneeled in front of the maids red
haired pubic area. Reaching between her legs, he roughly gripped a cunt lip
and pulled it out. He snapped a clamp on the cunt lip as Martha bit her lips
and struggled to keep her legs spread. Pulling out the other cunt lip, he
repeated the cruel punishment.

Tears welled up in Martha's eyes as Mr. Vickers slowly got up. She returned,
walking gingerly, to her black bag and pulled two large lead weights out. A
fine 8-inch chain dangled from each weight. She connected the loose end of
one chain to the clamp and slowly let her tortured nipple take up the
weight. As her huge tit stretched unnaturally to a downward point, Martha
muttered desperately, "Gaawwwd, hurts soo muuuch!" She hooked the chain on
the second weight to the other clamp and slowly elongated the other tit.
Tears ran freely down her pain twisted face.

Bending over slowly to try and minimize the swinging of the heavy weights
brutalizing her nipples, Martha took two more lead weights from her bag.
Spreading her legs, she hooked one chain to a clamp hanging from her crushed
cunt lip. As she let the weight down, the pussy lip stretched out several
inches. Her hands trembling slightly, Martha hung the last weight on her
other cunt lip. As her cunt lips stretched under the heavy weights, she
clenched and unclenched her fists for a second, trying to control the agony
in her cunt and tits.

After only a few seconds respite, she started walking towards the tray
holding the liquor bottles. She walked with her legs apart and small
swinging steps to try and avoid swing the weights causing the clamps to tear
into her tender teats and cunt. Each step was accompanied by a grunt of
pain.

As the maid busied herself preparing the drinks, Mr. Vickers waved Stephanie
over. Slowly, the young girl walked over to the older man, her gaze fixed on
the floor. "Turn around and bend over." He instructed. The teen turned and
bent at the waist and her dress pulled up exposing her firm young ass.

Forcing his hand between her legs, he roughly twisted two fingers into her
dry cunt. Stephanie's head lifted as she gasped at the intrusion. "Nice and
tight!" Mr. Vickers commented. Vince smiled, "I've never put anything bigger
than my cock in her. Mind you, she hates that." Mr. Vickers sneered as he
continued screwing his fingers in and out of the young cunt, "That horse
cock of yours, I don't doubt she hates it. I bet she really screams when you
butt fuck her." Both men laughed as Stephanie looked at her father in
terror.

Mr. Vickers pulled his fingers from her raw cunt and pulled one ass cheek
aside. He lined his middle finger up with the tiny sphincter and pushed
hard. "OOOWWWW!" the young girl gasped as her unlubricated sphincter was
forced open. Mr. Vickers started a hard pumping action with his finger as
Stephanie pleaded, "Please .ow. stop! It .ungh. hurts!"

Martha waddled over with the drinks on a tray. Mr. Vickers pulled his finger
out of Stephanie's ass and took the drink, "If your ass hurts, we'll have to
do something about it. Get undressed and lie across my lap." Trembling with
fear, the teen lifted off the tiny dress exposing her perfectly shaped young
tits. Meanwhile, Martha gingerly took the other drink over to Vince. As
Stephanie lay across his lap, Mr. Vickers told Martha to bring the ice
bucket over.

Martha struggled to bring the bucket over, every step worsening the pain in
her tits and cunt. She set the bucket on a side table by Mr. Vickers' chair.
He took a handkerchief out of his pocket and picked up an ice cube with it.
It was an inch and a half square. Holding Stephanie's ass cheeks apart with
his other hand, he pressed a corner of the ice cube against her tiny butt
hole.

Stephanie looked over her shoulder desperately as the cold shocked her. Her
expression quickly twisted as Mr. Vickers started forcing the large ice cube
into her ass. "NOOOOAARRGHH" she cried out as her ass stretched painfully
and the pain from the sharp corners of the cube overcame the sensation of
the cold. Mr. Vickers continued to force the huge cube deeper into her ass
until his finger could not push it any deeper.

Mr. Vickers picked up another ice cube from the bucket. Stephanie
desperately begged for mercy, "Please, not again. Please! No! OOOOWWWW!" Mr.
Vickers slowly pushed another large ice cube up her tiny asshole. Stephanie
twisted and screamed as the tiny hole suffered.

As Mr. Vickers stuffed one ice cube after another up the young girl's ass,
the twisting of her young body made Vince's cock rock hard. He sat down and
pulled his massive erection out of his pants and pointed to his cock. Mary
immediately knew what was expected of her and knelt in front of him. She
opened her mouth as wide as she could and put the huge head in her mouth.
Dreading the choking throat fuck she knew was pending; she started working
the thick shaft into her throat.

Vince was in no mood for a slow fuck and grabbed a handful of her hair and
drove her face into his crotch. Mary's gurgling cough filled the room. Her
eyes bulged as her throat ached from the impossible stretching. Vince yanked
up on her hair and Mary gasped as quickly as she could, sucking air. While
she was still inhaling, Vince pushed her head down again.

Mr. Vickers had pushed twenty large cubes into Stephanie's ass as he took a
sip of his drink. Stephanie whined, "PLEASE STOP! I'M SO FULL AND IT'S SO
COLD! PLEASE! IT REALLY HURTS!" Mr. Vickers laughed, "There's more than half
a bucket left! It's going to get a lot worse. Stephanie's body started to
shake as she sobbed loudly and Mr. Vickers reached for another ice cube.

He continued to raise cries of pain as he shoved one ice cube after another
into Stephanie's ass. As another fifteen ice cubes were shoved up her ass,
Stephanie started to shiver from the cooling of her body.

Across the room, Vince jerked Mary's head off his rock hard erection and
snarled, "Up your ass!" Mary coughed and gripped her throat but wasted no
time standing and removing her tiny bikini bottoms.She squatted over Vince
and lined her ass up with the monstrous cock despite the pain she knew it
would cause. She pushed down on the huge head and felt the familiar sharp
pain in her sphincter as it stretched impossibly over her Vince's cock. As
usual, she cried out.

Mr. Vickers stopped the abuse of Stephanie's ass to enjoy the agonized cries
escaping from Mary's pain twisted face as she lowered herself causing pain
deeper and deeper in her rectum. As she reached the bottom of the thick
cock, she started a steady fuck by rising a full six inches and then driving
down hard. The clenching of her teeth and the grunts of pain made it evident
that every downward stroke was excruciatingly painful.

Mr. Vickers picked up another ice cube and pressed against the teen's abused
sphincter. She begged, "GOD! PLEASE NO MORE! STARTING TO CRAMP! HURTS!
NNNNGGHH!" as she twisted in his lap from a deep cramp. Ignoring her pleas,
he thrust the cube deep into her ass and continued to drive the ice cubes
into her ass one at a time.

As Mr. Vickers pushed another twenty ice cubes into the tortured girl, the
bucket was finally emptied. Stephanie's whole body shivered from the cold
and her body writhed as it was wracked with horrible cramps. She desperately
clenched her ass knowing that a failure to maintain control would bring even
worse abuse.

Mr. Vickers picked up a 7 inch long butt plug. At its widest it was 2 ?
inches wide. Placing the rounded tip against the tiny butt hole, he applied
pressure. As the hole started to widen around the tip, he jammed in with all
his might. Stephanie's head snapped up and she screamed horribly as the
thick plug pounded through her sphincter stretching it horribly.

Mr. Vickers gave her a second to stop thrashing on his lap and to become
accustomed to the agony in her ass and then instructed her to stand. The
young woman stood with difficulty due to her shivering and the cramps. She
stood slightly bent with her hands supporting a swollen belly. Her lovely
young tits wobbled gently with her shivering. As a cramp would hit, her
knees would bend and she would lean forward to try and relieve the painful
pressure.

Leaving his victim suffering, he walked over to Mary who was still impaling
herself on Vince's monster cock. He stared at her huge tits flopping as she
bounced on the prick stretching her ass. "Mind if I play with her tits while
she fucks you?" he asked Vince. Vince nodded as he enjoyed the incredible
tightness of his wife's ass. Mr. Vickers instructed Martha, "Bring me some
pins for her tits!" Mary's eye's widened in terror but she didn't miss a
beat as she continued the rape of her ass.

Martha waddled to her valise, her painful moans from the swinging of the
weights added to the sounds of suffering in the room. She winced as she bent
forward and took a box of thick three-inch long hatpins out of her valise.
Gasping as she stood upright and the weights on her tits bounced, she
started the painful trip back to Mr. Vickers.

Mr. Vickers instructed Mary to sit all the way down on Vince's massive organ
and for Martha to hand the pins to him one at a time. With his other hand,
he ripped the tiny bikini top off her tits. Mr. Vickers grasped a handful of
tit and deliberately pushed a pin into the top of the large breast.
"AAAYYYIIEEE!" the busty small woman screamed as her hands started to her
breasts but Vince grabbed her wrists and held them fast.

Mr. Vickers grabbed the other tit and slowly inserted a pin into it.
"OOWWWAARGGH!" Mary screamed as she writhed on the huge dick stretching her
ass. Stopping occasionally to sip his drink, Mr. Vickers inserted pin after
pin into the sensitive breasts until each one bristled with twenty pins.

Mary whined and shook her head as Mr. Vickers stretched. To her horror,
instead of standing up, he reached for another pin and lined it up with her
dark brown areola and drove it straight in. Mary's scream filled the room as
the tender teat was pierced. Before the scream completely died, the older
man drove a pin into the areola of the other tit wrenching renewed volume in
the screams of the tortured woman. Mr. Vickers kept the screams coming with
three more pins driven into each areola.

As he rested, Mary started to beg, "Please God, no more pain! Please stop! I
'll eat your shit! Anything! Just please stop! NOOOO!" as Mr. Vickers picked
up another pin and held it against the side of her nipple. Her worst fears
confirmed, Mr. Vickers drove it through the nipple. Mary arched back as she
screamed and Vince gasped as her ass clenched hard on his cock. As the
scream died, Mr. Vickers jabbed a pin through the other nipple and another
scream tore from Mary's lungs.

Mary slumped forward crying as her tits ached terribly. She gasped as Vince
jerked his hips up, "Finish my ass fuck or you'll regret it!" Sobs wracking
her body, Mary started the hard riding of Vince's cock. As the tears
continued down her twisted face, drops of blood started to roll down her
tits. As much as the movement seemed to increase the agony in her tits, she
sped up the rape of her ass to try and make Vince come and hopefully get a
rest.

Several agonized filled minutes later, Vince started driving up into her ass
and filled her ass with semen. As she stood and her ass pulled of the huge
cock, she looked across the room in sorrow at her daughter. Martha was
holding her arms behind her and an evil wood breast press was tightened over
her left tit. Mr. Vickers was tightening a second on her right tit and she
was begging pitifully for him to stop crushing her young tit.

As he was finally satisfied that the tit was in enough pain, Martha let the
girl go. From the way she bent over, it was apparent she was still being
wracked by horrible cramps. She remained bent and wept deeply.

The cook appeared from the kitchen. She had removed the working apron and a
small white apron was strapped around her waist. The frilly apron just
covered her pussy mound. Two leather straps had been tightened around the
base of her heavy tits and they bulged painfully and bounced as she walked.
She announced, "Masters, the dinner is ready!"

Mr. Vickers walked behind Stephanie, "I'm going to pull the plug out of your
ass and you can go to the bathroom but don't let any out before you get
there!" The older man grabbed the plug and ripped it from the teen's ass. As
she gasped from the pain, she clutched her ass cheeks together and waddled
toward the bathroom, the presses on her tits banging together as she walked.

"Let's eat!" Vince smiled. Mary begged, "Please let me take the pins out!"
Vince slapped her across the side of the tortured tit and she screamed. "Get
in there!" Vince ordered.




EVERY DAY LIFE

By Mad Dog

Foreword

This story is set in a future where women have lost all rights and are
considered possessions of men. It is fictional and contains scenes of
nonconsensual rape and torture. It is not meant to condone the actions described
and is fantasy only. The story is meant for the entertainment of adults only and
should not be read by minors.

The story may be copied and distributed at will.

Chapter 6

The three adults and the maid went into the dining room while Stephanie was in
the bathroom. Martha grunted in pain with each step as the heavy weights on her
cunt and nipples made the vicious clamps work the sharp teeth deeper into her
sensitive flesh. Mary wept as the pins bristling from her tits hurt
continuously.

When they got to the dining room, Vince pulled Mary's chair for her. Fear
crossed her face as the huge punishment dildos Martha had fixed to the chair
came into view. The anticipation of forcing the terrible instruments into her
cunt and ass had worried her all evening.

Knowing that a refusal to ravage herself on the torture devices would only
result in a worse fate, she didn't waste any time and squatted over the larger
bristled dildo and lined the fat head up with her cunt. Twisting slightly, she
jerked the head into her cunt, crying out loud as it stretched her. She forced
down slightly and the short stiff bristles covering the shaft immediately jabbed
into her tender cunt walls like a thousand needles. Ever so slowly, she pushed
the pain-inducing dildo deeper.

Soon, the first ball of the anal dildo bumped against her ass. Her hand shaking
slightly from pain and fear, Mary reached back and pressed the fat probe against
her sphincter. Her already pain creased face twisted more as she forced her ass
to spread impossibly wide over the thick first ball of the dildo. A gasp choked
out of her throat as the widest part of the ball passed her sphincter and the
rest of the ball popped into her ass.

Gripping the arms of the chair, she started forcing the second large ball into
her ass. Again her face screwed in pain as the top of the ball painfully
stretched her anus until a cry of pain signified that the ball had popped
through the tight hole punishing deeper in her ass.

For each of the balls, the procedure repeated itself with the added pain of the
proceeding balls painfully stretching a deeper area of her asshole. As the last
of the balls snapped through the abused ass, Mary leaned back in the chair,
weeping loudly as the combination of the pain in her cunt, ass and tits
tormented her.

Stephanie came into the room gingerly, trying to stop the bouncing of the
presses cutting into her tits. Her eyes widened in horror at the sight of her
mother sobbing uncontrollably and the huge dildos on the chair that had been
pulled out for her. Before she could even beg for mercy, Mr. Vickers lifted one
of the presses. Stephanie winced from the motion.

Mr. Vickers looked at Vince, "She's loosened these tit presses." Vince's face
grew red with anger as Stephanie's fear grew, "Please, dad, I had to! They hurt
so much! I just loosened them a little! AARRRGGGHH!" Mr. Vickers started
tightening the presses. Her screams increased as he took each turn. Satisfied
that he had retightened the torture devices as much as he could without
permanently damaging the young tits, he stood back and pointed to the chair.

Stephanie wept loudly as she approached the chair and the huge dildos. She
looked desperately at her mother but recognized there was no help available. She
squatted over the larger dildo and worked it between her pussy lips, gasping as
the stiff bristles dug into the tender flesh. She worked the fat dildo deeper
into her cunt with deep grunts until the first large ball of the anal dildo
bumped against her ass. She lined the ball up with her tight young sphincter and
desperately tried to force the punishment dildo into her ass.

Although she could get the tight hole to start to stretch around the ball, the
pain prevented her from forcing the widest part into her suffering ass. She
begged her father, "Dad, please! I can't do it! It's way too big!"

Anger flashed in Vince's eyes as he spoke with a hard voice, "First you loosen
your tit clamps and then you embarrass me in front of my boss by not sitting
nicely at the table. We're going to spend a night in the punishment chamber you
won't forget!" Mary looked up, her voice cracking from her own pain, "Vince,
...nngghh... she's so young ...gawd... needs more training ...ooww... too
extreme for her ...please!" Vince slapped Mary on one of her tits, driving the
pins in deeper and raising a scream, "Shut up, bitch, or you'll join her!"

Martha interjected "I know a way to help the young lady that won't lessen the
pain." Vince looked at her curiously and Mr. Vickers motioned for her to
proceed. Martha guided Stephanie behind the chair and bent her over the back.
She unattached the two dildos from the chair and stepped behind the young woman.
Every movement caused grimaces of pain as the weights swung from her tits and
cunt. She lined the bristled dildo up with the tight vagina and jerked three
inches of the thick fake cock into Stephanie's young cunt. "GAAARRRRGH!" she
screamed as the tight hole over stretched and the bristles rubbed her cunt walls
raw.

Martha lined the anal dildo up with the puckered ass as soon as Stephanie
stopped twisting from the pain in her cunt. She stepped to one side of her young
victim and wrapped an arm around her waist and started twisting the large ball
against the tiny butt hole. Slowly Stephanie's sphincter stretched until the
widest part popped past the tight anal muscle raising another howl of agony from
the abused teen.

While she was still writhing in pain, Martha grabbed a handful of her long black
hair and pulled her upright. The sudden jerk upward caused the tit presses to
bounce and the pain-wracked girl gripped her hands to her tits. Martha pointed
to the chair, "Now all you have to do is sit down, I've started them for you."

Stephanie looked around the adults hoping for some sign of mercy. Disappointed,
she gingerly shuffled in front of the chair and lowered her butt. As the first
dildo hit the chair, she shuddered. Steeling herself, she pressed down. Again,
she could not take the agony of the second ball stretching her sphincter and
raised her butt.

Vince growled, "Enough of this shit, I'm hungry. Mr. Vickers, would you give me
a hand?" The older man nodded and they each stood on one side of the sobbing
teen. They grabbed an arm with one hand and behind her knee with another and
lifted her into a semi-seated position. Moving her butt over the chair, Mr.
Vickers nodded to Vince and the men roughly pushed the young girl down onto the
chair. Stephanie screamed uncontrollably as the thick bristled dildo scratched
deeply into her cunt and the remaining balls rammed through her ass so quickly
that tissue tore. She desperately tried to stand but the two men held her firmly
in place until she limply surrendered to the pain of her stretched cunt and
ripped ass.

Both men returned to the chairs and Vince ordered loudly, "Serve dinner!"

Martha walked into the kitchen and returned with two of the women Mary had seen
being prepared earlier. One was the beautiful blond who had her bladder inflated
and one of the huge breasted women. The blond was bent over at an angle and
clutching her lower belly and the clear clamped tube hung from her urethra.
Martha pointed to her; "This slave had had her bladder inflated with a large
amount of urine several hours ago. She is very uncomfortable by now from the
stretching of her bladder and from the size of the punishment catheter that was
used on her. She will supply the beverages for the slaves at the table."

Martha picked up the goblet from in front of Mary and lifted the tube hanging
from the blonde into it. Opening the clamp, the blonde gasped and a fast steady
stream of golden fluid rapidly filled the glass. The blonde grunted as the clamp
was closed as the glass filled. Taking Stephanie's glass, Martha repeated the
process.

She returned to the huge breasted woman and pointed to her bloated tits, "This
cunt's tits have been injected with hormones to keep them producing milk. Her
tits have been severely beaten with rubber hoses to make them terribly sore
without marks." Martha jabbed her finger into one of the large tits and the
woman's head snapped back in pain. She will provide the beverage for the
Masters. There is a second piss bitch and milk cow in the kitchen so everyone
can drink hardy. Do you wish me to milk her or would you rather drink from her
tits?"

Mr. Vickers responded, "I'll suck from her tits." Vince nodded, "Bring the
second one in for me." Martha nodded and went into the kitchen. She returned
with the second huge breasted woman. She led each beside one of the men so they
would have access to their battered lactating tits. Vince wrapped a hand around
one of the swollen breasts causing the woman to whine, "A toast to our guest!"
he clamped his mouth over one of the thick nipples. He squeezed the tit
mercilessly as he sucked the teat. The milk cow whined and writhed as her beaten
tit ached. Mr. Vickers nodded acknowledgement as he roughly grasped the tit of
his cow and sucked milk from her tit as she gasped in pain.

Releasing the woman's tit, Vince looked at his Mary and Stephanie, "Are you two
going to toast our guest or do you want more pain?" as each weeping woman shook
their heads, they lifted their piss filled glasses. "Drink the whole glass!"
Vince snapped. Each woman lifted the glasses to their lips and sipped gagging.
They continued sipping at the drinks stopping occasionally to control the
gagging the foul liquid caused. As the empty glasses were finally set down, the
piss bitch shuffled over and pulled the tube up from her between her legs,
anxious to let more of the piss out of her over stuffed bladder.

As the glasses were being refilled with piss, Martha asked, "Do you wish cock
suckers with your meal?" Both men nodded and Martha left to return with two
naked women. One was 5' 4" tall and 35 years old. She was fully figured at
37-25-36. She had long sandy blonde hair. The other was 5' 7" tall and slender
at 33-22-24 with short cut brown hair. She was 32. Martha waved toward the two
women, "The caterer assures that these two are expert cock suckers." Mr. Vickers
pointed to the blonde and she got down on all fours and crawled under the table.
Within seconds slight gags could be heard as the woman sucked Mr. Vickers cock
into her mouth.

The second woman dropped to her knees and crawled under the table towards Vince.
A gasp could be heard from under the table as she first saw Vince's gigantic
cock. Moments later, desperate choking sounds could be heard as the slender
woman forced the fat prick into her thin throat. Seconds later, a loud gasp
could be heard as she pulled back and sucked air.

The cook walked in dragging the two slender women in by the hair. The two women
were weeping and walking bent. They grunted in agony as their bodies were
wracked with cramps. Their bellies seemed even larger than when Mary had seen
them in the kitchen. Martha followed with the crab cakes and placed them in
front of each of the men. She turned and pointed to the two suffering slender
women, "These two were filled with high volume piss enemas some hours ago. They
were also given laxatives. They have been suffering horrible cramps for the
whole time. The cramps will have increased as the laxatives take effect. Their
shit and piss will feed your slaves." The two seated women's faces twisted in
disgust.

As the men started enjoying their crab cakes, Martha lifted the thick hose
hanging from one of the enema filled slaves and held it over Mary's dish shaped
plate. As she opened the clamp on the hose, a thin lumpy brown liquid filled the
bowl and the cramping woman gasped. The cook repeated the same activity with
Stephanie's bowl. Vince looked over at Mary and Stephanie, "You two better eat
all of it or you'll be sorry!" Weeping, the two punished women started sipping
small spoonfuls of the foul mixture, gagging terribly with each taste.

As the men enjoyed their appetizers and the women gagged, Mr. Vickers spoke,
"You know you're in line for the Vice-President position?" Vince nodded with a
smile. Mr. Vickers continued, "Your going to be sent to Japan to tie up the
Fujimora deal. How well you do will determine whether you get the job or not."
Vince raised an eyebrow. He'd thought he already had the job sewn up, "Why is
that deal so important." Mr. Vickers reached under the table and rammed her head
into his crotch; "They have a new product that could double our sales if they
use our battery technology."

The men continued business conversation through the rest of the courses. As each
course was served to the men, the women's bowls were refilled with the piss and
shit mixture. As the men wiped their mouths after the dessert, Mr. Vickers
announced, "That was a fine meal but I think it's about time we get around to
ripping the maid!"

Vince nodded and each man reached under the table to pull their cocks from the
mouths of the slaves under the table. Vince stood behind Mary. He grabbed a
handful of her hair and pulled up. Mary cried out as the two dildos ripped from
her ravaged cunt and ass.

Mr. Vickers started opening the presses on Stephanie's tits. "OOOOWWWW" cried
the teen as blood rushed back into her crushed tit. Further pain swept over her
as the other tit was released. The older man yanked her up by her hair and bent
her over the table. He grabbed a dildo with each hand and yanked them out.
Stephanie's head snapped up as she cried out.

Vince suggested, "Should we go for cigars and let the women ready themselves?"
Mr. Vickers nodded. Vince ordered, "Mary, take the needles out of your tits and
clean yourself and Stephanie up and get down to the punishment room. Martha,
inject yourself with stimulants. I want you to entertain us by coming up with
extreme torture for yourself and we don't want you passing out."

Martha bowed agreement as Mary thought to herself how relieved she was that
Vince hadn't ordered stimulants for her and Stephanie. That meant he would be
concentrating on the Maid. The three women headed to the punishment room.




EVERY DAY LIFE

By Mad Dog

Foreword

This story is set in a future where women have lost all rights and are
considered possessions of men. It is fictional and contains scenes of
nonconsensual rape and torture. It is not meant to condone the actions described
and is fantasy only. The story is meant for the entertainment of adults only and
should not be read by minors.

The story may be copied and distributed at will.

Chapter 7

The punishment room was in the basement of the house. All the walls had been
removed and replaced with pillars where structural strength was required.
Medical examining tables, racks, stocks and other pieces of bondage equipment
were placed around the large room. One corner was tiled with a drain in the
floor and water taps. Cabinets were placed around the edge and the walls were
covered with whips, cuffs, dildos and clamps.

Martha had brought her black valise down and was in the process of injecting
herself with a hypodermic needle. Mary and Stephanie were at the tiled area and
were hosing each other down and rinsing the foul taste out of their mouths. They
then dried their beautiful bodies.

As they were finishing, Vince and Mr. Vickers entered the room. Vince walked
behind Stephanie and put his arm around her. Mr. Vickers approached Martha. He
reached down and started twisting the bright red pubic hair on her crotch, "How
about we tear that new hymen of yours? I'd really like to make it hurt."

Martha grimaced slightly, "May I drive my cunt onto your erect cock. My cunt has
been made extremely tight. Both the tearing of the hymen and the stretching of
my tightened cunt will be very painful." Mr. Vickers nodded with a smile.

Martha led him over to a narrow bench and motioned for him to lie on his back.
She knelt beside the bench and took his cock into her hand. She gently licked
the tip and then swallowed the cock into her mouth. She proceeded to give him a
deep driving throat fuck stopping only when she was sure his erection was as
hard as possible.

She arose and straddled across the older man and squatted over his small
erection. Slowly she rubbed her cunt lips over his cock head, working it between
her cunt lips. As she became sure it was lined up with her unnaturally tight
vagina, she jerked herself down an inch. "GGGOOWWW" left her throat as her
breath caught from the pain of the tearing hymen. Knowing Mr. Vickers wanted to
see her suffer, she twisted herself back and forward on his cock, making sure
the torn hymen was ground between his cock and the super tight walls of her
surgically altered cunt.

She braced herself and drove the rest of the small erection into her cunt in one
forceful thrust. Her head snapped back as even the older man's smaller erection
caused her cunt to stretch painfully.

"Did that hurt?" Mr. Vickers asked with a smile. Martha nodded, "YES! CUNT SO
TIGHT!  STRETCHES SO MUCH!" Without further cue, Martha started a brutal driving
fuck on his erection, gasping in pain with each downward thrust. Mr. Vickers
breathing got rapid, as he looked at the blood streaks visible on his cock each
time she rose. It only took a few minutes for Mr. Vickers to come and Martha
lifted herself off him.

Mr. Vickers looked over and saw that Vince had bent Stephanie over a table. She
was begging, "Please Dad, no! Not up my ass! It's already so sore!" Mary was
joining in, "Vince, she isn't used to this much pain in one night. Please let
her rest. I'll scrub my ass with a brush until it's raw and you can butt fuck
me. Please give her a break."

Vince scowled, "You think she's had it rough tonight? I haven't forgot about her
loosening her tit clamps earlier. Tomorrow I'm bringing her down here for a full
punishment session. It's past time she learns what real pain is." Stephanie
started sobbing and Mary held her hands to her mouth as she thought of the
torture her daughter would be enduring.

As Stephanie sobbed at her fate, Vince pressed his massive cock head against her
already torn asshole.




EVERY DAY LIFE

Foreword

This story is set in a future where women have lost all rights and are
considered possessions of men. It is fictional and contains scenes of
nonconsensual rape and torture. It is not meant to condone the actions described
and is fantasy only. The story is meant for the entertainment of adults only and
should not be read by minors.

The story may be copied and distributed at will.

Chapter 8

Vince awoke as he did most mornings, to the sound of Mary choking and gagging as
she drove her throat onto Vinces huge cock. Vince put his hands behind his head
and enjoyed the expert throat fuck until he was about to come. Then he grabbed a
handful of hair and pulled her head up until just the fat head was in her mouth.
Then he shot a huge load into her mouth. Mary swallowed desperately, knowing
more punishment would follow if she didn't swallow every drop.

Satisfied, Vince swung out of bed and headed into the bathroom with Mary
following closely. The oversized bathroom had a hairdresser style sink with a
reclining chrome chair next to it. Instead of a shower stall, the whole end of
the room was tiled and a shower nozzle hung from a flexible chrome hose. There
was a stainless steel step stool on the floor of the shower area.

Vince brushed his teeth and sat in the chair and leaned back. Mary proceeded to
shave Vince with an old fashioned straight razor. Vince took a seat on the
toilet and relieved himself. Mary breathed a small sigh of relief as Vince
headed toward the shower instead of bending over and spreading his ass cheeks
for Mary to lick the shit from his ass.

Mary ran the water to a comfortable temperature and proceeded to thoroughly wash
Vince's large body, using the step stool to shampoo his hair.

As usual, Vince had a massive erection when she was done. "Bend over!" he
ordered. Sadly, Mary bent over and leaned on the step stool. Even with the years
of abuse, she still hated an ass fuck from Vince. Once again she felt the
pressure of his huge cock against her tiny sphincter and the incredible agony as
he brutally forced it into her ass. Today, her gasps of pain were increased as
Vince reached to her nipples, swollen and tender from the torture of the
previous night. Viciously, he pinched and twisted her nipples until the
punctures started oozing blood once more.

It took twenty minutes of violent pounding of Mary's ass for Vince to orgasm.
Without prompting, Mary went to her knees and sucked the softening but still
huge cock down her throat. As she gagged, she wrapped her lips tightly around
the fat cock and pulled back, sucking her own shit off it.

While Vince dressed, Mary gingerly cleaned her aching body. She entered the
bedroom as Vince was leaving and went to the closet. She chose a Tshirt that
just came to the bottom of her big tits. It was the most modest top that Vince
let her wear.

She looked at various skirts and shorts, trying to decide which would most
titillalle Vince. Her hope was Vince would be more likely to abuse her cunt or
ass. As sore as they were from the punishment dildos of the night before, she
dreaded the thought of any more torture of her tits. She settled on her shortest
skirt. Even walking caused it to ride up and expose the bottom of her ass and
pubic hair.

When she reached the dining room, the rest of her family and Martha were there.
Martha was wearing a tiny black bikini top that was only two triangles of cloth
that barely covered her large nipples. Stephanie was wearing high cut blue jean
cutoffs. The crotch was a narrow seam that allowed pussy lips and pubic hair to
show out either side. Her firm young tits were barely contained by a small
halter top made of sheer material.

Stephanie was talking to her older brother and looked very frightened, "Please,
Mark, no. I'm so raw from last night. Please don't ask Dad." Vince looked up
from the coffee cup Martha had just filled, "Ask me what?" Mark smiled evilly,
"Charlie is coming over this afternoon and I was hoping we could use Stephanie."
"Sorry, son." Vince answered as Stephanie looked hopefully at her father, "She
has a major punishment session coming tonight and I want her to be well rested."
Stephanie's shoulders dropped as tears ran down her face.

Mark looked disappointed as well. His father smiled at him, "Tell you what, the
maids too big for my taste. Why don't you and Charlie take her down to the
punishment chamber for the afternoon. Mark her up as much as you want, I paid
for maximum torture and Mr. Vickers barely damaged her. Just make sure your mom
has time to clean up for your sister's punishment." Mark beamed, "Dad. that's
great!"

The doorbell rang and Martha answered it to return a moment later, "It's for
you, Master." Vince looked puzzled and followed the maid to the front door. A
weeping nude oriental girl stood at the door.

It was 15 year old Tracy Leung, his neighbors daughter. She was tiny at 4' 9"
tall and her measurements were 31-22-33. However, today her belly was noticeably
distended and her hands were cupped under it. She was stooped forward slightly.
Her small bumps of tits, her pussy mound, upper legs and ass were a mass of
nasty welts.

The waif looked up at Vince, "Please ...nnhh... sir ...ahh... my father asks if
you ...owee... have a large speculum ...uugh... he could borrow ...ngh... he
wants to rip ...oohh... my cunt and ...ugh... his is broken ...oww... I am also
to invite you ...ahh... to use my cunt ...nnhh... before it is ruined."

Vince motioned toward the dining room and followed the small teen as she waddled
slightly stooped grunting with each step. As he walked behind her, Vince saw the
base of a butt plug between her small ass cheeks.

Entering the dining room, Vince instructed Mary, " Go get the big speculum. The
one I use to tear your cunt just before you go for tightening. Mary shuddered
slightly as she headed for the punishment chamber.

Vince pointed to the table, "Lie down." The tiny oriental awkwardly climbed onto
a chair and then the table. As she lay flat on her back, her lower belly seemed
to bulge even more. Vince ran his large hand over the bulge, massaging the
distended abdomen. Tracy's legs and hed lifted.and a choking sound rattled from
her throat.

Lifting his hand, "Wow, are you full. How much did Richard put in you?" Tears
streamed down Tracy's tiny face, "Two and a half quarts of urine. I have to
drink it all after my cunt is ripped and I am allowed to relieve myself."

Vince shook his head slightly, "That's a lot for a little cunt like you."
Grasping her ankles, Vince pulled her tiny legs apart. More welts were exposed
on her inner thighs and a trickle of blood from her cunt had started to cake on
her ass. Her cunt lips looked bruised and swollen.

Vince eyed the abused crotch like an art critic seeing a painting for the first
time. "What kind of whip did he use?" "A riding crop." she sniffed. Vince jabbed
2 thick fingers into her battered tiny twat as he asked, "What did he put in
your cunt." The tiny victim's face screwed up, "OOWW! A BROOM! OW! HE SHOVED A
BROOM DEEP! OWW! BRUISED MY CERVIX! OOWW! THEN HE PUT A BEER BOTTLE IN HARD!
OOW! MADE ME BLEED! OOWW!"

Vince squeezed a third finger into the small hole making Tracy cry out in pain,
"Richard isn't usually so extreme. What did you do?" "AYYOW! GRANDPA SHIT IN MY
MOUTH! OOWW! I THREW UP ON HIM! OOW!"

Vince shook his head as he pulled his fingers out, "Yep! The way Richard feels
about his dad, that would do it." He pulled his huge cock out. Tracy had heard
about her neighbour's cunt-ripping cock but this was the first time she'd seen
it. The thought of  her already battered cunt being pounded by it terrified her.

Vince didn't waste anytime. He lined his cock up with the tiny cunt and pushed
hard. The already torn hole gave way quickly but the pain was incredible as the
existing tear in her cunt-wall reopened. The tiny girl's hands pounded at the
table as she howled in agony.

Martin pulled back slightly and rammed his huge cock into her bruised cervix.
Tracy's face was a twisted mask of pain even as the scream died down. Martin set
up a rhythm of pounding in, pushing on her bloated belly and pulling out. The
tiny girl writhed in constant agony. Finally, Martin came violently and pulled
his cock from the tiny oriental. Blood tricked from the distended hole.

As Tracy slowly crawled of the table, Vince took a huge speculum from Mary who
had returned. He handed the huge chrome device to Tracy, "I don't think you'll
care for this. It was originally developed for veterinarians to use on horses.
Richard will be able to rip your cunt apart with this. Just tell him I need it
back for tonight, Stephanie has a date with it." Both Mary and Stephanie gasped
in shock as Tracy nodded her terrified tear streaked face. As Tracy walked out,
Martin ordered Martha to bring him breakfast and sat down with the paper.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mad Dog


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





