BDSM Library - The Appointment




The Appointment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story dealing with corporal punishment.
The Appointment



01/05/32   16:30

Valeria opened the envelope and felt a shiver running through her whole body as
she saw the colour of the paper inside it.
It was a Green Form.
When the Board sends an official note to an employee, they use different colours
of paper depending on the content of the note.
An award is a blue one, a warrant is a red one, a fine is a grey one, and the
green one is only for the professional sanctions including what the
Corporation's Book of Rules calls a "Real Fine", a corporal punishment.
Thus, in the corridors of all the buildings of the Corporation, when someone
says he has received a green, it means that he has undergone one of the painful
treatments designed by the Board to maintain its extremely strict discipline.
-"Oh no..."
At this point, Valeria already knew that her last professional fault didn't stay
unnoticed and, moreover, that the superior who has noticed it now meant to make
her pay a high price for it.
A price that won't let an overdraft on her bank account as the usual fines, but
one she would have to pay with her body, with her pain.
Two years ago, the Board changed its discipline policy radically.
The previous Board used the corporal punishment very scarcely, but the new one
decided that the Green Forms were the most efficient way of keeping a strict
order.
So, this form of sanction became more and more usual, and he treatments
themselves gradually changed to become more and more dissuasive.

Valeria sat down on her couch and took a deep breath before she even dared
reading the official form.
The sanction could be anything from a few strokes with a cane on a bare bottom
to extremely painful treatments meant to let nasty aftermaths on a sensible part
of the body.
Valeria knew that her fault didn't deserve a very hard punishment like the ones
that made all the girls shiver when they talked about them. But still, she
couldn't forget that her new superior seemed to hate her.
And everybody in the corporation had heard stories relating the unjust treatment
of an employee who was bullied by one of his superior.
So she read, her heart pounding hard with dread.

-" Miss Valeria Danister, the Board, agreeing with the statement of your
superiors, has officially condemned you to a sanction for the following charges
:

 	_ Failing to reach your objectives during the past three months. 120 points
	_ A review of 05/20 in general discipline during the month of May. 50 points
 	_ A review of 01/20 in general discipline  during the month of June. 80 points
	_ Failing to change your general attitude after three warrants. 50 points
	_ A professional fault including the loss of confidential documents. 140 points
	_ Refusing to give a clear apology after a major professional fault. 12 points

The added ratios of the six charges equals a global sanction level of 452
points, which is 52 points above the 400 points of the Safety Rules Limit.
In these circumstances, and after a review of your personal files, the Board has
decided to hand down your case to the Committee of Corporal Punishment as a no
SRL case, which means that the sanction that will be applied on your person will
be chosen in a range of corporal punishment that gives no guarantee as to the
safety of the treatments regarding the health of some of some of your organs,
and especially your genital system.

As a consequence the Board denies any responsibility in the after effects of
your sanction, and will not be considered liable for the possible medical fees
resulting from those after effects and their care.

You will also notice that, as you're not protected by the SRL, the Board can not
be responsible for any long-term effect of the sanction, such as any change in
your sexual activity due to the treatments received.

Your appointment is : 02/05/32   10:30 Bat 556 Door 8

 	Yours sincerely

As she finished to read the form, Valeria started to cry.
Her superior had artificially increased the level of sanction by adding charges
that could be summoned with no evidence.
It was now clear to her that she would be one more case of unjust treatment.
And it was also clear that this treatment would ruin her sexual life for a long
time, and that her body was due to suffer the ghastly treatment tomorrow
morning.

01/05/32    16:56

	The telephone rang.
Valeria answered, her voice still tainted by her recent tears.
-" Hello, Miss Danister
- Yes
- Good evening Miss Danister, I'm  Frederick Spart from the BI, the Body's
Insurance. We know that you are due to receive a sanction tomorrow and that the
committee decided that you wouldn't be under the SRL. As you know, in this case,
the Corporation is not liable if the treatment you receive generates medical
expenses. So, I want to propose you our contract "Aftermath" that guarantees
that you will receive the best medical treatment if your body needs it after
your punishment...
- I'm not interested.
- ... The contract "Aftermaths" exists in different versions, for one two or
three years and depending on the kind of care you want to receive, from the
basic to the luxurious in our 472 clinics all around the world.
- I told you I'm not interested. 
- Hum... But I suppose that you know that it is more than likely that the
corporal punishment you have been condemned to will leave some important marks
on your body and that 80% of the sanctions given without the Safety Rules Limit
necessity medical cares afterwards.
- Yes I know that but ...
- For example, if you receive a sanction that affects your genital system, the
contract "Aftermath" guarantees a free medical care until all the organs... 
-I'm not interested !!"
This time, Valeria had shouted in the telephone, her vision blurred with new
tears.
-" How will I have to tell you that ?! I can't afford it !
- I can understand that, but maybe someone an help you paying the first
policies. Just imagine if your vagina is wounded for example and you need a
specific surg..."
Valeria held the telephone down violently and hid her face in her hands, her
face drenched with tears.

01/05/32    18:30

	Samantha, Valeria's best friend, knocked at the door.
Like every Wednesday, she was coming to have a little chat with her.
But, today, she quickly realized that something is wrong.
-"Oh, you've cried ! What's happening ?  
- It's this fault I told you about...
- What, but don't worry, a lost document... It can't be that worrying, you'll
have a little fine and that's it."
Valeria made a "no" gesture and sobbed.
-" I received a green one, today." 
Samantha was surprised but still tried to reassure her friend.
_" Well, it's true that your superior doesn't like you, but it will surely be
for a couple of whippings and you'll be happy not to pay a fine this time..."
Valeria sat down on the couch and looked so distressed that Samantha realized
that it was worse than that.
-" It will not be that easy this time, Sam. This bitch has found as many fancy
charges as it takes to make the total of points be above the SRL standard."
Samantha suddenly looks worried as it dawned on her that things had really
turned nasty for her friend.
-" Well... But why don't you ask for an appeal, if it is judged anew, the Board
will see that the charges have been increased and they will lower down the
number of points, you can do that as long as you don't have 450 points, so do it
as soon as possible tomorrow.
- But, I have 452 points..."
The ensuing silence was thick and heavy with meaning.
Valeria broke it with a sad voice.
-" A guy of the BI rung... He wanted to sell me an insurance for my genitals..."
Saying that she felt some new tears invading her nice blue eyes.
-" He explained me that I would be glad to be insured if my vagina was..."
She eventually burst into tears, Samantha sat on the couch and took her in her
arms, trying to console her.
-" ... In case my pussy was wounded !! "

02/05/32    10:35  bat 556

	The receptionist placed a form in front of Valeria.
-" Read and sign this, it mainly deals with the fact that you know that some
parts of your body will undergo bad treatments, and that your sexual life might
be affected ok ? So don't take too much time to read it, you're already late."
Valeria read quickly and signed.
Signing the form was a way to declare you knew that the sanction could have
important aftermaths on your body.
In fact it mainly meant that you knew that your genitals would have to endure a
treatment that was susceptible of damaging them.
-" Now go to the eighth door and undress quickly. Hurry up if you don't want to
annoy the employee who will work on you, you wouldn't like to be punished by
someone unnerved would you ? "
Valeria nearly ran in the corridor, despite the fact that she was choked by the
terrible dread that what would soon happen to her body inspired her. 
She opened the door number eight and found a cloakroom where a large sign said
all that was to be said about this part of the procedure : " Undress until
totally naked "

02/05/32    10:39  bat 556

	-" You're late."
Valeria nodded, unable to speak. She was shivering, vainly trying to hide her
nicely shaped breasts to the man who would soon be doing something extremely
painful to the most intimate part of her body.
She was slim, with nice, gentle curves. Her long fair hair fell down just below
her shoulders and enlightened a cute face blessed with sensual lips.
But at the moment, she was just a work to be done in the cold eyes of a rather
fat employee holding a heavy stick in his right hand in case she would like to
resist.
-" Lay down on this table, I'll tie you and we will start quickly."
There was only two pieces of furniture in the small room, a large table
displaying a rather complicated variety of devices designed to hold the body in
a precise position, and a small table where some tools were placed, under a
white cloth.
Valeria walked slowly in the direction of the table and asked :
-" What will you do to me ? "
The man answered curtly.
-" First I will hit you on the belly with this stick to recall you that you're
not allowed to speak during the sanction."
Without any other form of warning, the man took hold of her shoulder, made her
turn around brutally and gave her a hard stroke on the lower part of her belly
with the stick.
She uttered a short whine and placed her two hands on her abdomen, where the
stick had hit her.
The man moved his head in a negative way.
-" I never told you that you could hold your belly. So move your hands off, I
will strike you a second time to teach you that being late is rather impolite."
Valeria started to cry. She reluctantly moved her hands away from the aching
zone and contracted her muscles as much as she could in preparation for the
second blow.
-" I see you have a rather muscular abdomen miss, so arch your body a bit
please.
- What ?! "
The man slapped her in the face.
-" I said arch your body ! Is it complicated ? If a girl has good muscles, I
make her arch her body so that the blow is as efficient as if she had no muscles
at all, understand."
She obeyed, still crying.
-" And I also hit her a bit harder so that she knows that there is no point in
trying to soften a punishment "
The second blow was really violent. Striking the belly two centimetres under the
navel, it made Valeria shout as a terrible explosion of pain invaded her
abdomen.
-" Now you shut up and don't you even dare touching your belly or I hit you
until it's completely blue, all right ? Go on the table."
Valeria cried continuously. The pain was terrible and the sanction had not even
really begun.
She climbed the table, laid flat on her back, and soon was tied to the devices
fixed on the table so that her legs were elevated, partly folded and widely
spread.
Rather like as if she was in gynaecologist office but for the fact that her
waist was oriented so that her sex was nearly facing the ceiling.
Then the man lifted the white cloth and took a tool.
He came close to Valeria's head to show her the object that looked like a large
iron ruler. 
-" By the way, you should know that I will now beat your sex with this
instrument, it weighs two pounds and I'll strike you regularly with it until
you've received twenty blows.
It's the first part of the sanction that is called "the heavy beating".
You should know that after the first part, the external elements of your
genitals will be swollen and bruised.
Then, the second part consists in penetrating your vagina ten times with a
second tool that is designed to enlarge the orifice in a painful way. It is
called "the dilatation"  After a close inspection of your body, I've decided to
use the number three which is the largest one." 
Between two dismayed sobs, Valeria utters a cry of despair.
-" But you've not inspected my body !!! Why should you take the largest one...
I'm tight, it's true, I'm very tight..."
The man grins slightly and announces.
-" Now the first part may begin."

02/05/32    10:40

	The first shout echoes in the empty corridor.

02/05/32    10:42

	An employee, passing by the eighth door can hear a woman moan in a voice
rendered coarse by the pain : " Stop... Stop now please... Oh no, not again,
Nooooo...Aaaaaa... My pussy, my pussy, please stop, please... AAAaa ! Oooh... My
poor clit... It's too painful on the clit... Please... Not that hard... AAAAA !"

02/05/32    10:43

	Valeria's body is drenched with sweat, tears are running all over her face, she
is panting.
In fact she can hardly breath, as she is nearly choked by the pain.
The man shows her the second tool.
It has clearly been designed to cause a maximum of pain even to a rather large
vagina, was thoroughly lubricated and its diameter increases sharply so that
each penetration should dislocate the orifice.
-" Now it's time for the second part miss. After that you will be allowed to ask
for a stretcher or someone to help you if you can't walk, free of charge.
However this service isn't available out of the centre. But you still can phone
from the reception to book a taxi and a bed in a hospital."
The man nearly laughed this time.
Valeria groaned and clenched her fists.
-" Bastard !"
The awful tool went straight inside her.

02/05/32    10:44

	The same employee, on his way back, heard Valeria's voice yelling something
nearly inaudible because the voice was now quite broken.
-" You bastard !!! You stinky bastard !!! AAAAAA !!!! Ooohhh noooo !!! Fucker...
Aaaayyyeeee... Oh noooo... What are you doing to me... My vagina... AAARRRrrr...
You're tearing my vagina... You've torn me... Sto... Stop it...
NooooooAAAAAAAyeeee !!! Oh no... why do you do that to me... I'm bleeding, I'm
already bleeding... StOOOOPAAA !!! Bastard... Oh barstard... I'm torn... I... I
can feel it... You've torn me... AAAAAAAAAAARRRRR!!!! "

02/05/32    10:45

	-" I guess you'll need a stretcher ? "
Valeria was nearly unconscious.
All she could say was : " bastard... "

02/05/32    13:24   in a hospital

	The doctor tried to adopt the most sympathetic tone of voice he could find.
-" It is clear that you've been nastily injured by the sanction, especially
because the instrument that was used in you vagina was far too large to be used
on your body. A number two would have been largely sufficient to torture your
sex badly, so the number three really was too much for you."
Valeria never stops crying.
Her eyes are puffed, she shivers violently and whines low whines of utter
despair.
Making a real effort, she succeeds in saying a few words.
-" What can you do ?
- Well, you'll first need some surgery to repair the main wounds in your vagina,
and then, I can try to do something to help your labia and your clitoris heal
more rapidly and in a way that will possibly allow you to regain a satisfying
sexual life, but it will take some time, for sure."
After he said that, Valeria saw a shadow on his face, and it appears as being a
sort of confuse shame when he asked.
-" By the way, you are insured I suppose ? "




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  La Baronne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





