BDSM Library - The Homecoming Rape




The Homecoming Rape
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Wife comes home and finds husband with another woman and is grabbed by two men who take good care of all her needs.
				The homecoming Rape


	I came home right on time.  It was 5:12 on the dot.  I walked thru the door and
called out to my husband.  Honey,  I'm home.  No answer.  Again I called  Hon,
where are you.  He usually meets me at the door.  Finally I heard him upstairs. 
Honey, I'm in the bedroom.  So I put my things down and went upstairs to our
bedroom that we had only shared for two short months since we were married. 

	There in the corner was my husband on a chair with another women on his lap. 
She was riding his cock for all it was worth. My husband Jim never budged when I
walked thru the door to see this and I went into shock.  I finally asked "Bitch,
What the fuck are you doing on my husband cock" to which I got an answer.  The
girl on my husbands cock simply said that she was taking good care of it and
that I was going to pay for calling her a bitch.  At that time I started to
lunge at her and felt someone from behind me grab my arms.  I looked back to see
two guys there.  They quickly tied me up and told me not to scream.  I screamed
anyway and my husband just kept his head down and didn't help me.  Finally I
heard him coming and the man behind me tell me if I screamed one more time that
I would regret it.  I kept fighting and screamed again.  The two guys started
laughing and threw me on the bed.  They tore my clothes off and then one grabbed
me by my hair and told me to suck the other off.  As soon as he said it he also
hit me with a strap on my poor ass.  I screamed again and he again told me to
start sucking that nice juicy cock in front of my face or else.  I put my lips
on it and started to suck the very tip but somebody pushed my head down and just
then hit me with the strap again.  I started sucking his cock so I wouldn't get
hit again but it did not matter. I was screaming but with the cock in my mouth
it would not come out.  Everytime one would push my head down on his cock the
other would smack my ass.  Tears were running from my eyes.  Finally the cock I
was sucking came and he told me to clean it up good.  I did and the spankings
stopped.  But when he got up the other jerked my head and told me to suck him. 
I started to suck him and he grabbed my tits with his hands and started to pull
me onto his cock with my tits.  He twisted and pinched my tits while he pulled
on them. I heard the other guy talking to the girl and telling her that she
would get her chance to punish me for calling her a bitch.  All this time I
never heard anything out of my husband except for when he came in that bitchs
cunt. Then I heard plenty. My tits were in so much pain.  I couldn't see anymore
from the tears that filled my eyes.  Finally that man came in my mouth and he
quit pinching my tits.  I cleaned him up for fear that he would hurt me if I
didn't. They then put a rope around my tits and kept wrapping it around till my
tits were jutting out like two purple jugs that was ready to milk. I was then
tied to the door with my legs tied  behind the door and my arms were up above
the door.  My whole body hurt.  I was crying and begging them to stop.  My tits
were hurting so badly from the way they had tied them.  They then stuck a pillow
under my ass so the my sex would stick out somewhat.  The one guy said then that
they had a surprise for me and so I didn't scream they were going to put a gag
in my mouth. As he put the gag in my mouth he said "hope you enjoy your surprise
baby".  I saw the bitch pick up a small cat of nine tales and look at me with
joy and satisfaction in her eyes.  I screamed but only a whimper came out.  I
shook my head no, and cried.  She came over to me and pinched my left tit harder
than the guy and I screamed again to no avail.  She whipped the air to scare me
and it worked.  I was petrified but didn't any way to stop it.  She gave me one
more look of satisfaction and took the whip and hit my thigh with it.  I
screamed and screamed.  She then took it and hit my other thigh.  I just
screamed into the gag.  My mouth was dry.  She hit the side of my ass  this time
and she just smiled as I screamed into the gag.  Then she looked at me and said
that she was just getting started and that I should not have called her a bitch. 
She took my right tit in her hand and stroked it gently and then took the nipple
and pinched it so hard that I thought I was going to pass out from the pain. 
Like it don't you, she said.  Well, I will try to make sure I do a good job on
you.  She pinched my tit again and said lets start the fun.  At that she came
around with the whip and hit me square on the tit she just pinched. I screamed
and screamed but no one seems to care of hear.  She kept hitting my tits, first
one then the other.  I just knew that I would soon pass out from the pain but I
did not.  Instead she started hitting my thighs and then she brought the whip up
between my legs into my sex.  She was whipping me as fast as she could and as
hard as she could between my legs, on my thighs and my tits.  I looked down at
my tits and they were no longer purple, they were red, purple and the blood
where she had cut into them was running down my tied up tits.  I just knew that
my sex was looking that way too.  I hurt in so many places that I just was one
sore.  Finally she stopped and I didn't notice the difference in pain.  I hurt
everywhere.  The guys untied my arm but held the rope so that I could not caught
myself falling onto the floor on my abused tits.  I thought they were going to
explode.  I laid there with my legs still tied to the door and my arms being
held by the rope someone was pulling on.  I then felt the sting of the whip
again as it landed in-between my ass cheeks. The tip of the whip landed directly
on my ass hole.  Again and again she whipped my ass hole.  Finally, maybe she
just got tired but she quit.

	One of the guys then took me by the tit and drug me over to the bed and told me
to knee and spread out as far as you can with you knees.  I did as he asked and 
he clipped something on my extended sore abused cunt lips.  My husband had told
me about tit clamps and it was like what he told me about them.  He then pushed
my head down on the bed and hooked a pair of the same things onto my tits.  They
hurt so badly.  He then hooked the chain from the tits to the one on the cunt
lips.  I was bent in half with my tits almost touching my cunt.  He then took
the rope that held my arms and tied it to the headboard of the bed. That pulled
my tits forward and hurt even more.  He then took a rope and tied into my hair
and pulled my head back as far as he could which pulled on my tits and on my
cunt. Then he took another rope and tied it around my ankles and tied them to
the bed post and pulled them as far as he could.  I was hurting so much from the
pain in my cunt and tits from being pulled and all I could do is scream into
that damn gag He told me then that Connie had gotten really horny from whipping
me and that she was going  to ask my husband to fuck her and it also had gotten
both of us horny so we figured that we would fuck you up your ass.  Do you mind. 
No, OK then with you in such a nice position I really can't refuse fucking you
up that nice tight ass.  I bet it really is sore after Connie and her whip got
done with it.  She really is pretty good with it don't you agree. No answer, 
well maybe I can let her have another go at it after you take care of us.  I bet
the tug on those sore tits and cunt feels good too.  Is it to tight, no answer,
well I guess it is OK then. 

	I turned my eyes which was the only thing that I could move and saw my husband
mounting Connie.  He did not seem to be to upset about me at all.  He got his
cock next to her cunt and lunged just like he always did to me. I heard Connie
moan before I felt the man behind me lunge at my sore ass hole.  I was screaming
into my gag again. The pain that came from his cock going into my virgin ass
hole and the pain from the clamps on my cunt lips and tits pulling as he moved
me with his body pushing against mine. I just knew he was going to rip my cunt
lips off or my tits off. I turned my eyes to see my husband Jim going to town on
that bitchs cunt.  Working his cock in and out of her and her moaning in
response.  I was in so much pain but I hurt so badly from seeing my husband
fucking another woman. All I could do was scream at the pain the man going up my
ass was causing.  Each time he lunged into me, my tits and cunt would get
another tug and the pain would go there. Then back to my ass as he pushed his
cock into my ass.  It hurt but not as badly as my cunt and tits. He pushed again
and this time he entered my ass and pain ran through me from inside my ass.  He
fucked my ass and rocked me back and fro and each time the clamps held tightly
and gave me more pain.  I then heard Jim cumming and Connie moaning loudly.  I
looked over in time to see that look of ecstasy on Jim's face.  The look that I
thought he only got with me.  Then the man up my ass was cumming and he was
pushing me more and more and the pain was even worse.  Finally he stopped and
pulled his cock out of me.  Then the other guy was behind me with a hard cock
and pushing his cock inside of me while I rocked and the clamps pulled again on
my sore parts.   He fucked me for what seemed like hours.  The pain was so
incredible.  I looked over at Jim and Connie was trying to make him hard again. 
He held her head gingerly and had his head tilted back.  I could see it was
working.  Finally the guy inside me came and he quit pushing me against my
binds.  I somehow relaxed a little.  	

	I looked over and Jim had a giant hard on.  Then Connie stopped licking on 
Jim's cock and he was  brought over behind me. His arms were tied across my
chest.  He has never Fucked my ass before and I didn't know what he would do. I
figured he would not fuck me knowing I was being tortured by the clamps, but I
found out rather quickly that he was going to fuck me too.  Jim was actually
bigger than both the other men and he had trouble getting inside me.  He kept
plunging at my ass hole and the pain again was unbearable.  Not only that but my
husband was causing the pain.  That was even worse.  He plunged into my ass hole
and fucked me and fucked me.  I know from experience that Jim cums once quickly
and the rest take him forever to cum.  I heard the door close behind me as Jim
kept fucking my hole.  Screams and more screams were being silenced by the gag. 
The pain of Jim's cock in my ass hole and the tearing  pain of the clamps on my
tits and cunt was unbelievable.  It took Jim forever to cum and when he did he
could not get loose from me and kept tugging and pulling to try to free himself
which only hurt me more.  We were left in that position for three more hours
till Jim somehow undid his rope and got free.  He quickly undid my clamps, which
hurt terribly as the blood came back to them.  Then he untied me and undid my
gag.  I was crying so hard and he just held me and told me that he loved me.  I
almost laughed. 

	I soaked in a warm bath and Jim told me then that he was told if he did not do
everything that they wanted without question that they would kill me and then
him.  With the way that they hurt me, he had no doubt that they would carry out
what they had said. 

	It has been a month now since being raped and I still have pain but the
emotional pain that I have may never go away.  Wondering if Jim really was told
that. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Connie Miller


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





