BDSM Library - Allene Gets Even!!




Allene Gets Even!!
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Allene hated the three boys next door who peeked in when she got punished. Later she got the chance to give them what they deserved. This time she was the one who hold the strap!
                Allene Gets Even!!

Allene discovered a whole new world in that trip to the woodshed that
day. No longer would her fathers strappings be a grueling pain and
embarassment for her. The aftermath that would follow would be worth
the price. 

But still, she felt resentment and hatred towards the three brats next
door. So many times had they gotten a birdseye view of her trips out to
the woodshed. So many times they had teased her for days on end. So
many times had they deserved the same, and even more than she got. She
needed to get even. But how? 

Sure they were punished at home by their mother on occassion but not
very often. Allene even got to witness one paddling of the oldest once
about a year ago.

It happened when she had been asked to babysit the three devils for the
bitch next door.She was almost a year older than the oldest, Steven,
and had sit for the three of them them many times. 

Contrary to Mrs. Meany's instructions Allene had allowed Steven to go
to the park with a friend but had given specific instructions not to go
anywhere but the park. Well, he thought a quick trip to the candy store
would go un-noticed but to his surprise his mother was there and caught
him. She scolded him right their in front of his friend and then
marched him out to the car dragging him by the ear. Allene heard the
car drive up then the scolding, loud enough for the entire neighborhood
to hear. He was dragged into the house and into the kitchen where
Allene was standing in awe.

"Is this how you look after my children" Mrs. Meaner said to Allene. I
found him at the candy store at the corner" 

Allene replied quickly. "What was he doing there? I told him he could
only go to the park!" 

"And I left specific instructions that the boys were to stay in the
yard. Didn't I" She said.

Allene replied. "Yes mam. I'm sorry for letting him get his way."

Well it looks like he disobeyed both you and me. Perhaps it's time you
saw what happens to those who disobey." Mrs Meany said as she pulled a
straight back chair to the center of the floor.

It was quite apparent to Allene that Steven was about to be spanked.But
what wasn't so obvious was how he was going to be spanked. Especially
in front of Allene.

Mrs. Meany went to a drawer and pulled out a small breadboard. It was
about 6"x8" plus the handle and about a half inck thick. As she took
her seat in the chair Steven got scared and began to plead. "Please
mommy.Don't paddle me. Please just spank me with your hand!. Please
don't use that! Pleas not in front of her!" 

His pleas went unheard. "Young man." She scolded in a raised tone. "If
your butt's not bare and across my lap this instant I'll bare it myself
and whip you in the middle of the park so all your friends can see"

Asking as if surprised. Steven said. "On the bare? - In front of her?"

"Always on the bare." Was his mothers reply.

Allene's excitement grew as the boy, Just a year younger than she
stepped to his mothers side and began to undo his trousers and let them
drop to the floor.

"How many do I get? Stalling, he asked. 

His stalling irritated his mother even more. She reached out and wisked
his underpants down in one quick motion saying. "As many as it takes to
have your bare little butt blazing sore!" 

This was the first time Allene saw the anatomy of a male."What a
strange thing to have between your legs" she thought to herself.

As embarrassed as he was he quickly crawled across his mothers lap. His
lilly white bottom was at her mercy.

Mrs. Meany took up the paddle and said to Allene. "This, young lady is
how I deal with  misbehavior. My trusty paddle and a naughty bare
bottom."

With that she began to paddle the boy hard and fast. The first swat
echoed through the house. Steven tried to be brave in front of Allene
but couldn't hold it in any longer than the first three swats. He began
to cry out with each succeeding swat. His mother paddled until his once
lilly white cheeks were deep dark red. A solid five minutes of paddling
and finally Mrs. Meany condsidered it to be enough. She let Steven up
and set him to kneel bare bottomed in the corner.

"And now for you young lady. I believe it only fair for you to get some
of the same. Or would you rather I tell your father that you've
disobeyed me also?" 

Allene knew that Mrs. Meany's paddling would be much like her mothers
hairbrush which had no comparison to the biting pain of her fathers
strap. She readily chose to take her licks at the hands of Mrs. Meany
and stepped up to her side.

In a flash she was taken across her lap, Her little summer dress was
lifted and Mrs Meany set out to paddle her panty clad bottom with the
breadboard. Six swats across her panties and mrs Meany paused to pull
them down. She had only given her 6 more swats on the bare. It was
nothing like Steven had just received but still enough to set her
bottom ablaze and the tears flowing from her eyes. 

Mrs Meany held her across her lap and said. "You can depend on this
young lady. If either of my boys ever gives you any trouble while
you're sitting for me their bare little bottoms will feel this
paddle."

Allene was set on her feet and allowed to go home while Steven still
knelt in the corner with his bare glowing bottom on display. As she
left she heard Mrs. Meany say."Bobby!, Kevin! - Since you've taken so
much pleasure in spying on your brother and Allene..." 

Allene walked slowly and in a few moments she could hear the sound of
wood impacting bare flesh followed by cries of anguish.

Though Allene was sore and felt sorry for herself she thought it was
well worth the price to see Steven get the spanking he so much
deserved. She'd galdly take the whole thing twice more to get to see
the other two brothers get the same.

Since that day the three were on their best behavior and all teasing
was set aside anytime Allene sat for them. They all heard their mothers
threat and sincerely beleived her.

Allene's recollection of a year old episode was enough to further fuel
her desire to even the score. This time they had gone too far. But how
was she gonna get even?

The answer would be realised the following Saturday.

Mrs. Meany employed Allene's sitting for the entire day. She left early
in the morning with giving the boys a list of chores to attend with a
specific warning "You three are to mind Allene and stay out of trouble
or else I'll paddle your bare behinds right in front of her.
Understand?. 

They shook their heads in agreement as Mrs. Meany turned and walked out
the door.

Allene could only hope that the boy's would get into as much trouble as
possible!! Could this be the payback she'd been hoping for? 

The day started off well. The boys went about their chores quietly and
without a problem. As usual not a word was mentioned about Allene's
recent trip to the woodshed. On Allene's mind though the episode and
the aftermath was fresh and vivid. Her grudge was so great that she'd
gladly take the strapping again if it meant the three devils got a
taste of it too. She was determined to keep a close watch on the three
and thus report any misbehavior to Mrs Meany.

The boys finished their chores and Allene let them go out and play in
the yard but told them to let her know if they were going to go
anywhere else. Allene kept an eye out for them and checked out the
window several times. When she looked out and couldn't see a trace of
them she decided she'd better go out and check on them. Hoping not to
find them easily she looked on the sides of the house and then went to
the back of the lot behind the garage. 

There she spotted them. They didn't see her but she could see that they
were all smoking cigarettes. They were engrossed in some sort of
magazine they were passing between them. Allene knew that Mrs. Meany,
the dedicated church-goer she was, didn't approve of tobacco in any
form. Allene knew also that when their mother found out the boys were
sure to get a good paddling. It was the chance Allene had waited for
all week. Finally she had something to get even with the boys mean-ness
towards her. She could only hope that Mrs. Meany would let her watch. 

Allene walked up quietly to the boys and wasn't noticed until she was
close enough to see the content of the magazine they were looking at.
To her shock, it was a men's magazine full of pictures of naked men and
women involved in various forms of sex. "How discusting" was her first
thought.  Mrs. Meany would surely, without a doubt, paddle them good
for this. Allene savored her moment of triumph.

"Ahem" she said. The boys looked up startled and shaken. Quickly
stamping out their cigarettes and Steven, the oldest hid the magazine
behind his back.

"Well well. What have we here? Three bad little boys. Smokin and lookin
at dirty pictures. Tsk Tsk! I guess we know who's not goin to be
sitting to easily tonight. Don't we?"

The boys knew it too. When their mother found out it would surely mean
a long trip for their bare bottoms under the breadboard.

They stood scared and speechless.

Allene reached out grabbing the magazine. "I think you three better get
your nasty little fannys to you room the rest of the day."

Still they were speechless and began walking very slowly past her
towards the house. Allene folded the magazine in half and smacked
Bobby's butt with it. "Let's move it you bratts. Get to your room! Your
mothers gonna just love this."

Kevin was the only one to speak up. "Please don't tell Allene! Please!
She'll kill us for sure!

"No way you bratt! Where were you guys last week when I got blistered?
You were watching and poking fun at me. No way... You're gonna get what
you deserve. Now get to your room."

Allene picked up the cigarette butts and followed them into the house.
She set the magazine and the butts right on the kitchen table where
Mrs. Meany would see them as soon as she stepped into the house. Allene
was over-joyed. She could only imagine each and every one of the boys
across their mothers lap. The tears flowing from their eyes and the
cries from their mouths each time the paddle struck their bright red
bare bottoms... Allene could only pray she could get to watch.

The boys were still silent until they got to the hall to their room.
Steven turned and pleaded. "Please Allene. We're sorry for teasing you
and watching you get spanked. We won't ever do it again! Please don't
tell" 

Bobby followed. "Ya We're really sorry! Please don't tell."

And Kevin, Bobby's twin, "We'll do anything you want! Just don't tell.
Please!"

Steven joined in again. Ya. We'll do your chores for a month. We'll
carry your books to school. Anything you want but PLEASE don't tell!
ANYTHING!"

Their pleas came pooring on her. Allene's mind worked fast.She stopped
their groveling. "Anything?" she asked.

In unison they replied."Ya Anything you want. Just say it. It's
yours!"

Allene repeated herself confirming their committment. "Anything I
say?"

Steven spoke for the three. "Ya ANYTHING! You tell us- We'll do it!
right guys!"

"Ya right" bobby and Kevin concurred.

Allene knew exactly what she wanted but the three bratts were sure
going to be surprised!

"Well then follow me" She said as she turned and went into the
kitchen.

The boys stood perplexed as Allene pulled a chair from the table and
set it in the middle of the floor. As she stepped towards he counter
she confirmed one more time as she opened the drawer. "Anything I say -
right!"

Ya1 Yes! Uh huh! 

Allene pulled the paddle from the drawer and the boys stood in awe as
she sat in the chair.

"So who's first?" she asked.

"You're gonna paddle us? Bobby asked with a cocky little smirk.

"Yes I am. You said ANYTHING I SAY!" Allene said. "Now who's first?"

"But we didn't mean that" Steven said. 

The three quickly began contemplating their choices. They could refuse
but surely suffer more dire consequences at the hand of their mother.
So they though to themselves "Allene couldn't possibly spank as hard as
mom. she's only three fourths her size."

"Anything means Anything" Allene grew impatient. "If one of your bare
bottoms isn't across my lap this instant the deal's off and you can
wait in your room for your mother."

They had no choice now. The made a promise and Allene was determined to
see them through it.

"On the Bare?" Kevin said as he took a step towards Allene.

"On the bare" Allene sneered. "Always on the BARE"

"How many do I get?" Kevin asked.

Allene replied. "Enough to make your bottom bright red and the tears
are flowing from your face.

Keven was at her side. His pants quickly fell to the floor. As his
fingers went inside the waistband or his shorts he blushed as he pushed
them to his knees revealing his young manhood. Allene couldn't help but
get a good look at it. Afterall she'd had only seen one once before. To
her surprise the eyefull excited her in a way she couldn't quite
understand.

Allene smoothed the thin summer dress covering her thighs and helped
him lay across her lap.

She felt a little scared too.  For if Mrs. Meany caught her paddling
her precious little boys she would surely get the same and more. If her
dad found out it would also mean another trip to the woodshed. But it
was worth the risk she thought to herself as she raised the paddle and
brought it crashing down on Kevins bare bottom.

The innitial swat caught him by surprise and he cried out. "OWW!!!" His
opinion that Allene was too small to deliver a serious spanking like
that of his mother was quickly drowned as the second swat landed.

His two brothers look on in awe as Kevin was reduced to tears by the
fifth swat.

Allene had never spanked anyone before but the knack seemed to come
easily for her. It may have been her many trips across her mothers lap
or out to the woodshed with her father that gave her an education in
the art of blistering a bottom.

Kevin's bottom began to take on a healthy glow of red as Allene paddled
on relentlessly and without mercy. 

Allene continued to paddle his bottom a solid five minutes until it was
deep deep red as she remembered Steven's bottom that one time she was
fortunate enough to witness his paddling.

Finally she was satisified that her task was complete and she stopped
and let him off her lap. Immediatly his hands plunged to his bottom and
he danced on his tip-toes, crying and carrying on. His modesty was of
no concern anymore and his manhood flopped and bounced around to her
gaze.

"Kevin. you may kneel at the wall while I attend to your brothers."
Allene said.

"So who's next?" she asked.

Neither Steven nor Bobby volunteered.

"Okay then. The next one get's half with my hand first." she said. "Do
I have a volunteer now?" She knew it wouldn't make a bit of difference
if she started with her hand. She knew that the spanking would not end
until their bottom was the same condition as Kevins.

Both Bobby and Steven jumped at the chance and stepped foward saying.
"Me! Me!"

"Well since you're both so eager You'll both get half with my hand.
Steven. I think you can be next."

Steven stepped to her side and dropped his pants and shorts. The sight
before her eyes was quite different than with Kevin and the one as she
remembered with Steven. His manhood had been blossoming the past year
and was nestled in a full thick of hair. Also, to her surprise and his,
his dick was much larger and stood straight out. It was another first
for her that day. The sight of his erection excited her much much more
and she began to understand these new feelings.

Steven set himself across her lap and she looked down upon his hairy
butt. She could feel his erection pressed at the side of her thigh. 
She got down to business quickly delivering a volley of 20 smacks with
her hand. She paused momentarily to adjust his weight. Another volley
of thirty smacks let him know this wasn't going to be a cake walk as
Allene spanked hard and without mercy. 

She paused to adjust his weight once more and noticed that the stiff
preasure against her thigh was gone. She knew now that her hand was
delivering the desired effect.

She gave him another three minutes with her hand before picking up the
paddle and resting it on his pink butt. It's cool surface was soothing
for a second until she raised it and brought it crashing down on his
tender ass. He jumped from its impact and cried out but she continued
as she did with Kevin.

Allene brought him to tears with only four swats but continued on a
full three minutes before her mission was complete. Steven got up from
her lap and reacted much the same way as Kevin, plunging his hands to
his burning butt and dancing from toe to toe.

She sent him to kneel at the wall as  she took Bobby across her lap.

Five minutes later there were three well spanked naughty little boys
kneeling at the wall. Their red swollen bare little bottoms at Allene's
satisified display.

You three can kneel there for the next thirty minutes and then got to
your room.

Just as Allene looked at the clock the door opened and in stepped Mrs.
Meany. Allene's heart jumped through her skin. The boys smiled thinking
that Allene's bare red fanny was about to be joining them at the wall
soon.

"What on Earth is going on here!" Was Mrs Meany's first reaction. 

Allene stood speechless. Bobby quickly spoke up. "Mommy she paddled us.
All. On our bare butts! Real Hard!" 

"What do you have to say for yourself Allene? Is this how you tend to
my boys?"

Something clicked inside of Allene at that moment. Suddenly she was no
longer the shy and reserved teenager. Suddenly her maturity took hold
and without hesitation or stammer she pointed to the magazine and the
cigarettes on the table. "This is what your boys were up to this
afternoon, Mrs Meany. They only got what they deserved." she said in a
calm and decisive manner.

Mrs Meany looked at the evidence and then at her boys and then starred
directly into Allene's eyes but said nothing. Casually she walked over
to a cabinet and opened it up and to Allene's horror pulled out a
leather strap. It was much like the one her father had used out in the
woodshed many times. She began to scare and thought that she was about
to get a strapping far worse than prior that week. And to make it worse
it was going to be in front of the unobstructed view and absolute
enjoyment of the three boys.

Mrs. Meany pushed the chair back towards table and summoned Allene to
front and center. 

Allene stepped foward bravely and faced Mrs. Meany waiting the order to
bare her bottom and bend over.

The boys stayed kneeled but with their heads turned and eyes glued to
the event. They were about to see Allene get a strapping for the second
time this week. The thought of Allene's blazing red, striped bare butt
had an almost soothing effect to their own sore bottoms.

To her utter amazement and surprise Mrs. Meany didn't deliver the
order. She just starred into Allene's eyes for a moment and said. "I'm
proud of you my dear. You've shown me you're becomming mature and
responsible in your duties. But, I don't think your job is quite
finished yet." To the boys shock she continued. "Behavior like this"
pointing to the magazine and cigarettes. "By nasty youg men like these"
Pointing to her sons. "Requires a good dose of this" And handed Allene
the strap.

"I think a dozen each will be sufficient." She said.

Allene froze momentarily as the strap touched her hand. Then it
happened again. Her budding maturity prevailed and in an calm but
controlled manner said. "Kevin! You were first across my lap you can be
first over the chair."

Kevin stalled and looked at his mother with pleading eyes only to get a
stern scold in return. "Kevin!" his mother said. "Now! Or I'll give you
20 more after Allene"

Quickly Kevin stood and stumbled to the chair loosing his pants and
shorts from his ankles.

He bent over and Allene stood to his side and measured her aim. With an
accuracy and skill, as if she had years of experience, she strapped
Kevins bottom twelve times. Each crisp snap of the strap brought
renewed cries and tears. 

He was sent back to kneel at the wall and Steven was summoned to the
chair. Twelve lashes later Steven was in tears, kneeling at the wall
with his striped bottom on display.

Once again Allene demonstrated her newly found skill on Bobby's butt.

For the next hour the boys knelt bare bottomed and Allene and Mrs.
Meany sat in the kitchen chatting and carrying on as if they had been
best friends for years even though it was only a few days prior that
Mrs. Meany regarded her as an immature little slut.

That night, alone in her room, her thoughts and fantasies were on the
days events. The sights! The sounds! The excitement!  The orgasms she
experienced the other day in the shed were comparitively small tremors
compared to the earthquakes she enjoyed that night. 


Thank you Allene,

I hope you liked it too!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





