BDSM Library - Callie




Callie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Another teen blackmail story. More pain and humiliation as the heroine falls deeper and deeper into the grips of her blackmailers.
The contents of this story are of sexual nature and may involve blackmail,
 bondage and non-consensual sex involving teenagers. Anyone who may be offended 
by this kind of stuff please do not read.
All characters are fictitious. Any resemblance to anyone either alive or 
dead is purely coincidental. This story is intended for ADULTS only. If 
you are under legal age PLEASE DO NOT READ.

Again comments and suggestions are welcome. 

Callie (nc, teen)

(C) 2000 by Roadrunner




I.

It all began a couple of months ago, when the brother of my best friend 
and neighbor Stacy Burnham came home to visit her and their parents. The 
Burnhams they're really nice. They have always looked after me since my 
parents divorced about five years ago. Shortly after their divorce, my dad 
got married again and moved to another state. That must have been a great 
blow to mum, because she immediately took up a new job which required her 
to travel a lot. I guess she doesn't like being around me, because she always 
says I've got my dad's eyes. I don't really mind that, `cos I kinda like 
the freedom. Although I can take care of myself pretty well, Stacy's parents 
will still call me from time to time to see if I'm okay, and sometimes they'll 
invite me to their dinners and parties, and they make sure I'm not by myself 
in Christmas or Thanksgiving. 
    Since I hang out with the Burnhams all the time, I easily became best 
friends with Stacy. Stacy is really cool. She is a senior in my school and 
the head cheerleader. She's really pretty too. Tall and blonde, she's got 
long legs and a nice figure. She and her friends are the coolest girls in 
the school, so I felt really lucky that she and I would get along so well,
 given than I'm much younger (I just turned sixteen) and I'm in no way as 
pretty as she is. I'm only 5'4" (Stacy is 5'9"), I've got dirty blonde hair 
and small, 34B breasts. The other cool thing about being pals with Stacy 
is that I get to see her brother Barry a lot. Barry is twenty-three and 
he's a fashion photographer, and for us small town girls, this is like the 
coolest job in the world, and he's good looking too, always wearing black 
T-shirt and jeans. Many girls in the school say Stacy is lucky, but she 
hates it, because if there's one girl who can never go out with Barry, that's 
her! She hates it too when her friends ask her to fix them a date with Barry,
 and she always refuses.
    I, on the other hand, used to think I was the lucky one, because whenever 
Barry came to visit Stacy and her parents, I got to see him too. Like this 
time when Barry came back to stay with his parents, I had dinner at the 
Burnham's every night. And one afternoon, a few days before Barry left, 
he came over to see me. At first I thought he just wanted a chat, but he 
gave me a big surprise. He wanted me to be his model!

    "Your model! Are you kidding?" I almost yelled. "Hey, keep it down!" 
Barry said chuckling, "and of course I'm not kidding!" "But why me?" I asked,
 "did you ask Stacy too?" "No, just you, baby, just you," Barry said grinning. 
"Really? Why didn't you ask her, she's so pretty!" "Oh you don't understand 
kiddo, Stacy is pretty, but she hasn't got the model look. To be a model 
you've got to be slimmer, like you."
    "Really?" I still couldn't really believe it, but I was kinda happy 
at the same time. "So... if you're not kidding," I asked, "what kind of 
photos do you want to take, I mean, what kind of clothes do you want me 
to wear?" "Well," Barry gave me his big smile again, and I felt like I was 
melting. "I'll be shooting an ad for this famous underwear company, they 
have a new..."
    "Underwear?" I screamed, "no way!"
    "But the photos will look really nice!"
    "C'mon!" he cooed, "you're the only girl in this town that I want to 
be in this." "Really?" I felt really flattered. "Yes," he went on, "you're 
really sexy you know..." "Me? Sexy?" I became skeptical again, but Barry 
was insistent. "Yes you are! You really have it in you, you just don't know 
it yet. Soon you'll be driving every boy crazy! Look we can just give it 
a try, and if you don't like the photos we can just throw them away." He 
was almost begging me in the end, and I finally gave in. "Okay...but promise 
me you'll destroy the photos if I don't like them," I said. When I said 
this I could feel my face burning already, and I blushed even more when 
he asked me my measurements.

    I waited eagerly in my home on the day of my photoshoot. Barry had made 
me promise not to tell anyone, not even Stacy (I would be too embarrassed 
anyway). He said we could do it in my place because my mum was away as usual. 
I rushed to the door when I heard the doorbell ring. I opened the door as 
saw Barry with two cases. He was handsome as usual, with a big smile on 
his face. "Hey, Callie!" he greeted me warmly, "you look really nice today! 
Did you put on some makeup?" "Makeup? Oh, no," I was blushing already (I 
guessed that's why he thought I was wearing makeup), and I felt more embarrassed 
when he said that. "Hey, relax!" he said, and to help me relax, he asked 
me if I've got anything to drink. I knew where mum kept her wines and told 
him. Barry found a bottle of whisky and poured me and himself a glass. I 
did feel a bit better after drinking one or two sips.
    We went back into the living room, sat down, and chatted for a while. 
Barry kept saying that I had changed a lot nice I was a little girl and 
now I looked really sexy. Then he asked me if I wanted to see the clothes 
that he had brought me. I said of course, and he took out one of his cases 
and opened it, and I couldn't believe my eyes! The clothes he brought me 
were so nice, and they felt so soft and silky! And there were so many of 
them! Sixteen, he told me, because they were for my sixteenth birthday. 
He said he knew it was a couple of months away, but he wouldn't be around 
so he wanted to give them to me first.
    "Oh Barry you're so nice!" I screamed, hugging and kissing him. Barry 
had also brought me some magazines for me to look at so that I knew how 
to pose. Some of the magazines were lingerie catalogs, but there were a 
couple of Penthouse as well. I looked at Barry and he just said the photos 
there were really professional, and I didn't really have to pose naked like 
the models there. But as I read those magazines I began feeling really sexy. 
I then looked at the lingerie that he brought me, and saw that some of them 
were really thin that they were almost transparent. So, gathering my strength,
 I asked him if he would want me to pose naked. "So d---do you want me to 
pose like these girls?" I asked, almost whispering. "What do you mean like 
these girls?" Barry asked teasingly. "Y---you know, n--naked," I said stammering,
 and he said it was up to me. Blushing, I nodded.

    After finishing our drinks, our decided it was time to start. Barry 
wanted to shoot some photos in the living room first, so while he set up 
his lights and camera there, I went upstairs to my room to get changed. 
For the first set of photos Barry thoughtfully picked the item with most 
cloth. It was a pair of pink loosen silk panties and a matching camisole. 
Back in my room, my hands were trembling with excitement as I undressed. 
I looked at my naked body in the mirror and still couldn't believe that 
Barry wanted me to be his model. I then put the camisole and the panties 
on, and it felt so nice when the cold silk touched my skin! Sheepishly, 
I went back downstairs.
    It was like Barry's whole face lit up when he saw me coming down the 
stairs. "Wow, Callie!" he exclaimed, "you're absolutely stunning!" "Thanks,
" I said blushing. I was really nervous at first, but he told me to just 
sit on the couch and make myself comfortable, and not to pay any attention 
to the camera. He kept talking to me, and soon I began to loosen up. I lay 
down lazily on the couch, lift one leg up and rest it on the arm, looked 
at Barry and smiled. "Now, that's much better! Good!" he said, and I was 
happy that he thought I was doing better too. As I posed, my arms kept brushing 
against my breasts through the thin camisole, and soon my nipples became 
erect. I was feeling really sexy, and I laughed when Barry told me to stand 
up facing him and then bend forward. "Naughty!" I scolded him, knowing what 
I would be showing him when I did that. Smiling, I stood up, placed my hands 
on my hip and slowly bent forward until my hands almost reached my ankles,
 like I was just stroking my legs. I was smiling and looking at him all 
the time, and Barry was smiling back to me. "That was lovely!" he said, 
"now let's try the other one."
    The second set of lingerie that Barry had chosen was a pair of blue 
lacy bikini panties and bra of the same color. I went back to my room and 
changed into them. The bra was kind of filmy, but my nipples were only vaguely 
visible because of the lacy patterns. I was much more comfortable with the 
shooting this time, and Barry praised me again. When this was done, I picked 
up the third piece of lingerie and was about to go up to my room to change,
 but Barry stopped me and suggested that I change right there. I hesitated 
but then I thought I had agreed to pose naked for him anyway so why not. 
So as he continued shooting, I took off the bra and panties and got into 
the third lingerie, which was a lace teddy. I was really shy at first, like 
when I took off my bra I kept my arms over my breasts all the time, then 
I put on the teddy before I took off the panties I was wearing. I thought 
Barry would be unhappy, but he said it was natural and very sexy.
    The teddy was really thin and my nipples were clearly visible through 
it, and I couldn't help blushing again when I turned around to face him. 
But Barry was really nice and encouraging, and I soon felt more relaxed. 
I didn't object when he told me to cup my breasts through the thin material,
 I even rubbed them a little. Only when I did that did I realize how hard 
my nipples were. I began to feel a comfortable warmness between my legs 
too. The next set was a racy red pair of lace panties and a see-through 
bra. Now I didn't mind so much that my nipples were showing through the 
bra. After doing a few poses in them, I turned to face Barry and, gathering 
my courage, slowly unsnapped the bra and let it slide down my arms, showing 
my breasts to him completely. "Lovely," Barry murmured, "touch them..." 
Dreamily I reached up to my breasts and gently cupped and squeezed them,
 and it felt soooooo nice... 
    My inhibitions now gone, I was touching myself all the time. We went 
on shooting with the rest of the lingerie in different parts of the house,
 until finally I was in the last set. It was a half-cup bra, a thong, and 
garter belt and stockings, all in black. Barry said he wanted to do this 
in the kitchen. I was a bit surprised but still I followed him. We went 
in there, and I struck a few poses sitting on the kitchen table. Then he 
told me to turn around and lie face down on table. "I want to see your nice 
ass in that thong," he said. I felt kind of turned-on when he said that,
 and quickly complied. After that, he told me to go to the fridge, open 
the door and sit next to it. I did that, and he told me to grab a bottle 
of milk and drink it. Guessing what he really wanted, I smiled, pretended 
to drink but instead let the milk run down my chin. "That's great baby, 
keep it going!" Barry exclaimed. I let the milk run all the way down my 
neck to my body, soaking the bra and even the thong, and I closed my eyes 
and shuddered when I felt the cold milk at my hot pussy. I put the bottle 
down and began rubbing the milk all over my body. Barry sounded like he 
was really hot too as he told he to keep going on. I took off the milk-soaked 
bra and began to rub the milk over my breasts. As there was not enough of 
it, I picked up the bottle and poured some directly onto my breasts, and 
began cupping and squeezing them again. I was so excited that I closed my 
eyes and began moaning lightly. Then I slid one hand down to my pussy and 
began rubbing it through the thong. I didn't care about the camera anymore,
 I was so hot and I just wanted to get off. I didn't care that Barry was 
there too---in fact, it made me even hornier to think that he was watching 
me. Still with my eyes closed and with one hand rubbing my breasts, I took 
of the thong, spread my legs and began rubbing my pussy. I was still a virgin 
but I had played with myself before, and I knew how to make myself feel 
good.
    I was about to come when I felt someone close to me. I opened my eyes 
and saw Barry kneeling in front of me, smiling. I looked into his eyes and 
knew what he wanted. I was blushing and gasping and felt a bit embarrassed,
 but I wanted him to. It was like a dream when he bent forward and kissed 
me on the lips. I kissed him back, and as my lips parted his tongue invaded 
my mouth. It was such a delicious kiss. When he finally broke off the kiss,
 I looked at him and spread my legs wider, with my hand stroking my pussy 
lightly. "Give it to me, Barry!" I whispered. Smiling, he undressed. I gasped 
when I saw his thing. It was the first time I saw an erect cock. "Are you 
a virgin Callie?" he asked tenderly, and I nodded shyly. "Don't worry, I'll 
make you feel real nice..." He said as he laid me down gently on the cold 
kitchen floor. After caressing my body for a while, he spread my legs and 
positioned himself at the entrance of my virgin pussy, which was by now 
hot and wet. He entered me slowly but he still felt very big, and I felt 
like I was stuffed. It hurt when he took my cherry, but I bit my lip and 
let him continue, and it soon began to feel nice. I would never have imagined 
that I would be able to take all of him in me, but I did, and the feeling 
was incredible. I closed my eyes and moaned as Barry began to thrust back 
and forth slowly. The air was filled with the smell of sweat, milk and my 
juices. I began to moan louder and louder as I felt my orgasm building up,
 and I just squirmed and wriggled my hips uncontrollably. Barry grabbed 
my buttocks and guided me to meet him, and I soon learned how to grind my 
hips against his. The feeling was much stronger than when I played with 
myself, and I felt like my whole body was exploding. Barry began breathing 
heavily and increased his tempo. "I'm coming, I'm coming, oh, oh!" I moaned 
as waves of orgasm took me. Then Barry grunted as he made a deep thrust,
 and I could feel him shooting his hot jets of cum deep into me.
    We lay on the floor, panting and exhausted. Then Barry took my hand 
and led me to the bathroom, and we showered together. It was so romantic 
and sexy. He was so gentle when he washed me all over. Although he and I 
had already had sex, I was still a bit shy when he rubbed soap all over 
my body. Then we had to get dressed as it was almost dinner time. The photoshoot 
had taken much longer than I thought!
    Barry asked me not to tell anyone and I agreed. It was our little secret! 
I couldn't help thinking about it when we were having dinner, and I felt 
like I was a woman now. We acted like nothing had happened and nobody suspected 
anything. Barry said in front of everyone that I looked so happy and radiant,
 and I told him that I had a terrific day, and we both smiled. He came to 
my place again the following day to show me the photos, and they were really 
nice. I'm not trying to show off but Barry was really a good photographer,
 and I never thought I could look that pretty and sexy. We picked out a 
dozen that he was going to show his clients. They were the ones in which 
I wasn't naked, and we each kept a copy of the entire set as a souvenir. 
Barry said he wanted to keep a set `cos it was special for him too. And 
then we had sex again before going back to his place for dinner. This time 
it was on my mum's bed, and it was nice too. Before he entered me, he kissed 
and licked my pussy, and it was amazing. Sadly, Barry had to leave the next 
morning. I couldn't see him again before he left because of school, and 
I cried a bit before we went back to his place. But Barry promised to come 
back and see me soon, and if his clients like my photo, maybe we'll see 
each other even sooner!




II.

Now that Barry's gone, my life went back to normal. I hung out with my friends,
 and when Stacy and her friends went to the cinema on Thursday night, they 
asked me to come along too. After I slept with Barry, I kinda felt that 
Stacy and I were even closer, but at the same time I was a bit nervous about 
what she would think if she found out. But she was as nice to me as usual 
so I thought my secret was safe. Then Stacy called me that Saturday afternoon,
 and said she had rented a video and asked me if I wanted to watch. I was 
a bit surprised, because Stacy would usually go out with her boyfriend on 
Saturdays. Stacy, being the head cheerleader, was (as usual) dating Mark,
 the captain of the football team. They both had practice on Saturday mornings 
and would usually go out afterwards.
    Anyway, I went over to Stacy's place, and Stacy showed me into the living 
room. "So what have you rented?" I asked as I sat down on the couch. "Just 
some old film. Oh, by the way, have you seen these before?" she said casually 
as she picked up something from the table and handed it to me. I was stunned 
when I saw what it was. It was a stack of photos, and the one on top was 
me in the teddy that Barry bought me. They were the photos that Barry had 
taken!
    "Well, have you seen them before?" Stacy asked again as she dropped 
the photos onto the coffee table, but her tone was totally different this 
time. It was no longer friendly, but cold. I felt like my head was spinning,
 or maybe it was the whole world that was spinning. The photos spread out 
when they fell on the coffee table, and I could see that there were plenty 
of them, probably all that Barry had. Had he made an extra set? Or had he 
really taken his set with him when he left?
    "I found them among his garbage, together the negatives," Stacy said,
 as if she was reading my mind. "No!" I blurted out without thinking, "it 
can't be!"
    "Oh yeah?" Stacy said, her tone full of irony. "You think you're special? 
You think he's going to make you a model?" "But he promised!" I said, my 
eyes swelling with tears.
    "So did you fuck him?" Stacy asked coldly. Shocked by her words, I just 
nodded. Maybe that's what it really meant for Barry too. He just wanted 
to fuck me.
    "Feeling betrayed, huh?" Stacy asked in a sarcastic tone. "Stacy!" I 
exclaimed, feeling her by her coldness, "I thought we're friends!"
    "Oh yeah?" Stacy snapped back, "I thought we were friends too! But all 
you want is to use me to steal my brother. Or maybe you thought you could 
use him too, huh? To make you a model, perhaps?"
    "No!" I protested, tears running down my cheeks, "I thought we really 
liked each other!"
    "Oh so it was true love then? How `bout loyalty and friendship, huh? 
You little cunt!"
    "Stacy!" I was really shocked. We swore all the time, but I never thought 
Stacy would talk to me like that.
    "What? Did I say anything wrong? I don't think so `cos that's what you 
really are! A cheap whore! A cunt!"
    "That's enough! I'm leaving and I don't want to see you again!" I yelled 
angrily as I stood up, but Stacy reached out and slapped me. Completely 
taken by surprised, I lost balance and fell back onto the couch. "Ow!" I 
yelled, cupping my cheek with my hand.
    "Listen you cunt!" Stacy hissed, "since you want to be a model so much 
I'm going to help you! I'll make copies of these photos and give them to 
everyone in our school! I'm sure every guy would like to have a set! And 
who knows, maybe you'll even make it into the yearbook!" She said sneering.
    "What? No, please!" I felt mortified as I looked at one of the photos,
 the one showing me rubbing myself in front of the fridge, with milk all 
over my breasts. It would be the end of the world if everyone in the school 
could see me like this!
    "Please! Stacy, please!" I grabbed her hand and pleaded, but she pulled 
it away. "I'm, I'm sorry!" I pleaded, "I didn't mean to steal Barry from 
you! I thought we really liked each other and I thought you'd be happy for 
us! If I knew you'd be angry I'd never have done it! I swear!"
    Stacy seemed a bit moved by my words, but then she turned cold again. 
"No, it's too late!" she said, "you're a whore and you'll get what you deserve!" 
"Please!" I dropped down on my knees, grabbed her hand again and begged 
her, "I'll, I'll do anything to make it up to you! Just don't give away 
the photos! Please!"
    "Anything?" Stacy asked with a menacing smile.
    "Yes, anything!"
    "Okay, then why don't you get back on the couch first and stop bugging 
me!"
    I wasn't sure if this meant that she had agreed not to give the photos 
away, but I let go of her hand and, sobbing, sat down onto couch. Stacy 
just stared at me with her arms folded. I couldn't tell what she was thinking. 
Finally she broke the silence.
    "Fine, I won't give the photos away as long as you do anything I say. 
But remember, from now on you'll do anything and everything I tell you to,
 understand, cunt?" I had a really bad feeling about this, but I just nodded 
timidly. "I asked you a question! Answer me!" Stacy snapped. "Y--yes, I understand,
" I stammered. Although I'd known Stacy for many years, I never thought 
she could be that nasty, and I felt really scared at what she was going 
to do to me. I just hoped that afterwards she would forget everything and 
we could still be friends again. I felt so betrayed by Barry and I didn't 
want to be alone, but I couldn't tell my other friends about it `cos it 
would make me look so stupid, and Stacy would be mad again if I start telling 
people that I've slept with Barry. 
    I took a tissue and wiped my face clean, then I looked at the photos 
lying on the coffee table, and felt like I didn't want to see them again. 
As I reached out to pick them up Stacy stopped me. "I'll take care of them,
" she said. "I'll keep them, and as long as you do everything I say they'll 
be safe." "But..." I didn't know what to say. I said I'd do anything but 
I didn't really expect Stacy to take it literally. "You really love those 
photos don't you?" She sneered. "No, I..." "Don't lie to me, cunt!" Stacy 
snapped, then her angry face turned into a wicked smile. "Callie, I want 
to know what you've done with him," she said. "What?" I couldn't believe 
my ears. "Did you come when you touch yourself in front of the fridge?" 
"N--no," I answered. I was totally caught off guard by her question. What 
was she getting at? "You didn't come?" "N--no," I said as I began blushing. 
"B...Barry interrupted me before I could fin...finish..."
    Stacy's face darkened when I mentioned Barry's name. "Show me how you 
did it," she said with that wicked smile again. "What?" "Do I always have 
to repeat myself?" she snapped, "I said show me how you jerk off for Barry's 
camera, you dumb bitch!" I was stunned, but I was also frightened. I looked 
at Stacy's angry face, and didn't quite know what to do. Then finally I 
reached down between my legs. "Is that how you did it? Off with your clothes!" 
Stacy scolded me again. She looked like she really meant it, so I grabbed 
the bottom of my T-shirt and pulled it above my head. Then I unhooked my 
bra and took it off. My face was burning. Stacy had seen me naked when we 
went swimming and were changing together, but it's different now. "Go on,
" she said. I took off my sneakers and socks, and then my jeans. I now stood 
only in my cotton panties. Stacy opened her mouth like she was going to 
scold me again, so I hurriedly took off my panties.
    I stood there completely naked and it was so embarrassing. "C'mon, do 
it!" Stacy barked. I hesitantly sat down on the couch and spread my legs 
a little. I felt like I was dying of shame as I reached down to touch my 
pussy with one hand and cupped my breasts with the other. Stacy watched 
my every move, and I could see a faint blush on her face too. Nervously,
 I began caressing my breasts and rubbing my pussy, but I just felt very 
self-conscious and couldn't get myself excited. I felt like I was saved 
when the telephone rang, making both of us jump.
    I waited as Stacy went to her room to get the phone. When she came back 
she said she had to go, but she wasn't through with me yet. "I don't have 
time to deal with you right now," she said. "Come back here at eight, and 
don't be late!" 

    I was kinda apprehensive that whole afternoon. "So this is how Stacy 
wants to punish me," I said to myself, by embarrassing me and reminding 
me of what I've done with Barry. That was bad enough, but not so bad as 
knowing that Barry had just thrown my photos away like that. Finally it's 
eight, and I went over to the Burnham's. Stacy's face was expressionless 
when she opened the door and let me in. We sat together in the living room 
in an awkward silence. Mr and Mrs Burnham were away for the weekend, and 
as we sat there I wondered if we're going to be like this until they came 
back. I was about to speak when Stacy stopped me. "C'mon, finish what you 
were doing," she said with a smirk. I gingerly stood up and started undressing. 
When I was totally naked I sat down on the couch and was about to start,
 but Stacy stopped me. "Wait," she said, "I don't want you to keep staring 
at me when you do it." She reached into her pocket and took out a piece 
of black cloth, then she came over and proceeded to blindfold me with it. 
"Wait..." I protested. "Shut up and do as I say!" Stacy hissed, "unless 
you want everyone in the school to see how you did it that day!"
    I didn't dare to protest anymore, and I just sort of whimpered as she 
tied the cloth around my head and made sure it was tight. She pulled me 
to my feet and I heard furniture being moved. I felt very exposed and vulnerable 
as I stood there naked and blindfolded. Then Stacy came over and grabbed 
my arm. "Come over here, cunt," she said as she led me forward until my 
legs touched the coffee table. "Sit down and spread your legs." I turned 
around and sat down on the coffee table. "Wider," Stacy said as she pushed 
my legs until they were wide spread. My face was burning as I imagined what 
an obscene sight I must be presenting. "C'mon, do it, slut! Show me what 
you showed him!" Stacy urged, and hesitantly I began running my hands over 
my body. Not being able to see anything, I tried to imagine I was doing 
it for Barry again, that he was watching me. It kinda worked, and my nipples 
hardened almost immediately when I began squeezing them gently. Then, while 
I continued to caress my breasts with one hand, my other reached down to 
touch my pussy. "You're wet, aren't you?" Stacy asked suddenly, reminding 
me of her presence. "Y--yes," I whispered as I began rubbing. Despite the 
situation, I was actually getting more and more excited, and my breath soon 
quickened into gasps. I began squeezing my breasts harder and harder and 
rubbing myself faster. I knew Stacy was watching me now, probably from very 
close, and she must be able to see how excited I was. Instead of stopping 
me this feeling only excited me more. Part of me was shocked that I was 
getting turned on, but another part of me just wanted to come. This part 
was certainly winning, and soon I was coming. I began to let out little 
suppressed moans and my whole body was trembling. I rubbed faster and faster 
until I finally pressed my hand real hard against my pussy as my whole body 
was shaken by a powerful orgasm.
    "Oh, oh," I was still gasping when I felt Stacy next to me. She took 
the hand that I used to rub myself in hers and held it close to my face. 
"Lick it!" She hissed. I felt disgusted but she suddenly forced it to my 
lips and I tasted my own juices. "Why did you do that!" I cried out in surprise. 
"Shut up, slut! Your punishment isn't over yet!" Stacy said sternly as she 
held both of my arms behind my back. Then I heard a click sound and felt 
cold metal on both of my wrists. Stacy had just handcuffed me! "Stacy!" 
I cried out in alarm, "what are you doing! Stop! I don't want to continue!" 
"I said shut up, cunt!" she said as she grabbed my arm and pressed some 
kind of clothing against my pussy. "It's your panties, if you're wondering 
what it is," Stacy said laughing. "What are y---" I was still protesting 
when she grabbed my chin and painfully forced my mouth open and stuffed 
the wet panties in. "How do you like that, cunt?" Stacy teased. "Hmmmm!" 
I cried out under my gag and struggled to get up. "Alright, let's grab her 
and teach her a lesson!" Stacy said, and I went mad with panic when I heard 
that. Who was she talking to? Was there someone else in the house? My questions 
were quickly answered when several pairs of hand grabbed me at once. I was 
so scared that I couldn't tell how many there were, and I just struggled 
madly. But they were very strong and soon I was held down tighhtly.
    I was forced to lie face down on the couch with my knees resting on 
the floor. By the rough feel of the hands grabbing me, I guessed they were 
all guys. Some were holding me down on the couch, some were keeping my legs 
apart by holding my ankles.
    "So you thought you could get away with just that, huh?" Stacy asked. 
"Let me tell you, your punishment has just begun!" At that moment there 
was a crack! sound and I felt a burning pain across my ass. Stacy was hitting 
me! My whole body jumped at the blow, and I was so surprised that I stopped 
struggling. Then crack! the belt came down again, and the same burning pain. 
This time I couldn't help it and cried out under my gag. "So how does it 
feel now, you little whore? Do you like this? And this?" Stacy asked, her 
voice shaking with the blows. "Hmm! Hmmm!" I screamed into my gag and shook 
my head, which was the only part of me that I could move. Stacy just went 
on and on, and my ass was on fire. The blindfold was now soaked with my 
tears, and my panties were soaked with my drool, but Stacy was merciless. 
I felt I was going to die from the pain, but then she suddenly stopped.
    "Have you had enough, cunt?" Stacy asked panting, and I nodded as hard 
as possible, fearing that she could not see it. "Okay, get her up," she 
said, and the men pulled me up from the couch. The grips on my ankles were 
released, but my arms were still firmly held so that I couldn't get up. 
"Now if you promise not to scream I'll remove your gag," Stacy said. I nodded 
and the panties were immediately removed.
    "Stacy---" before I could finish, I was immediately slapped. "Shut up!" 
Stacy hissed, and sobbing, I did. "That's better," Stacy said and she rubbed 
the panties on my face. "I've been telling my friends what a little slut 
you are and I said that you're going to give them a good time," she said,
 and I whimpered at the cruelty of her words. "Now are you going to do that 
and give them a little private party here, or do you want to become the 
first pornstar of this town?" "Stacy, pl---Oooow!" I opened my mouth to protest,
 but was stopped when she took my nipple between her fingers and twisted 
it cruelly. I was in a state of shock. I never thought Stacy could be that 
cruel to me or anyone and didn't know what to do or what to think. "Answer 
me, cunt!" Stacy snapped as she gave my nipple another tuck. It was lighter 
this time but it still hurt. "Are you going to show these guys what kind 
of slut you are, or do you want them to help you distribute your photos?"
    "No, wait! I'll, I'll do it..." I blurted out. "Do what?" Stacy asked,
 and I could tell that she was laughing. "You were a lot more specific when 
you were talking to me!" Oh God, I thought, but she was insistent. "C'mon,
" Stacy said, and when I was still hesitating she told the guys to leave. 
"Oh, well, guys," she said cheerfully, "looks like our slut here has made 
her choice, sorry! But don't worry, you'll soon be seeing her photos everywhere!" 
"No, please!" I pleaded, "Please don't go! I want to, I want to..." "You 
want to what, cunt?"
    "I want to, I want to g---give you guys a good time!" I finally said,
 my voice trembling. "Oh yeah?" One of the guys asked in a voice that I 
didn't recognize, "and what exactly does that mean?" "Yeah," Stacy joined 
in, "tell them what they can do to a little slut like you!" She said as 
she gave my nipple a menacing squeeze. "Ah!" I jumped. I knew what she wanted 
me to say, and I just felt like I was falling into an abyss as I was again 
forced to make the promise that I made to her earlier. "Anything," I said. 
"Anything..."




III.

"Yeah," Stacy said as she gave my nipple a menacing squeeze, "tell these 
guys what they can do to a little slut like you!" I knew what she wanted 
me to say, and I just felt like I was falling into an abyss as I was again 
forced to make the promise that I made to her earlier. "Anything," I said,
 "anything..." "Well, guys," Stacy said laughing, "what are you waiting 
for?"
    Immediately, hands were all over my body. I flinched when the first 
pair of hands touched my breasts, but was immediately caught by someone 
who then slid his hands down my back to my ass. The first guy began to fondle 
and squeeze my breasts gently, but he was soon joined by someone much rougher,
 squeezing my breasts real hard, pinching and pulling my nipples. Under 
these two very different treatments, my nipple soon became erect. I was 
grunting with dismay and discomfort all the time, and although I knew I 
was surrounded by these men, I still couldn't help wriggling, trying to 
get away from them, but of course it was useless. When I felt a hand on 
my pussy, I tried to cross my legs, but two other men sat down on each side 
of me and held each of my legs between theirs so that I couldn't do it, 
and someone gave me a spank on my ass. "Don't move, cunt!" someone said. 
I thought I recognized that voice. It was Mark, Stacy's boyfriend. Then 
the hand on my pussy began rubbing me down there, and I felt two hands spread 
the cheeks of my ass, and a finger began probing my asshole.
    "No! Don't! No---Ugh, ugh!" I gasped as I felt the invasion, but my 
protest was turned into a moan when someone found my clit and began tickling 
it gently. "God, what a little slut!" Another guy yelled and everyone laughed. 
"Yeah, but she's talking too much, somebody shut her up!" Suddenly I was 
pushed down onto my knees. Two men grabbed my shoulders and held me tight. 
And then someone stood in front of me real close, and I could smell his 
cock. He grabbed my cheeks and squeezed, forcing me to open my mouth. "Mmmmm!" 
My cry of pain was muffled when he inserted the tip of his cock into my 
mouth. I hated it and began struggling. Then I felt an excruciating pain 
at my right nipple. It was Stacy squeezing it and digging her fingernails 
into it. "Listen slut! We know what a little cocksucker you are and you'd 
better not let us down!" The pain on my nipple was so much, so I opened 
my mouth a bit wider and the guy pushed further in. He kept pushing and 
pushing and it was horrible. I was gagging and choking but they totally 
ignored me. Instead the guy pulled out a bit and then thrust back in, pulled 
out and then thrust back again, and again. He was fucking my mouth! Or my 
throat actually, `cos his cock was so long. Not being able to see anything,
 all I could feel was the cock in my mouth and the hands all over my body,
 and the background to that was the laughing of these guys. The finger at 
my asshole was now pushing its way in, but I was too busy struggling with 
the cock in my mouth, and I just sort of noticed that it was inside me, 
all the way, as I could feel the guy's hand pressing against my ass. He 
just held it there, but now another finger also began to invade my pussy,
 and I couldn't help but wriggle. This finger pulled out, and then came 
back, but this time there were two fingers. These two fingers began thrusting 
back and forth, and God they were driving me crazy. I knew I was being forced 
into doing all this, but I just couldn't help it. I let out a few muffled 
moans and began grinding my hips.
    "She likes it!" One guy said. "I told you she's a hot little slut!" 
Stacy answered giggling. "Well I'd better not keep this hot little cunt 
waiting then!" Someone said chuckling. It was probably the guy who was fingering 
me, because the two fingers were pulled out immediately, while another hand 
grabbed me by the waist, and I felt the tip of a cock at the entrance of 
my pussy. "Hmmmm!" I moaned with the cock in my mouth as he entered me. 
"God I like it when she moans!" the guy I was sucking said laughing. "Oh,
 yeah? Okay, I'll make her moan some more!" the other guy said chuckling,
 and he began to thrust back and forth. I had only had sex twice, and it 
was always done with me lying down and Barry on top. But now I was on my 
knees, with the guy taking me from behind--not to mentioned that I was blindfolded 
and my hands were tied---and it seemed totally different. It was very crude,
 and I felt like an animal, especially when the guy reached in front and 
wiped my face with his fingers which were still wet with my juices. At this 
moment, I tasted something from the cock in my mouth, and I knew the guy 
was going to shoot his stuff. I panicked and tried to pull away, but he 
held my head tightly. Then he grunted and began shooting out hot, stinking 
jets of cum in my mouth. I hated it so I opened my mouth and let it all 
drip out, but I could still feel it drip down my chin, yuck!
    "Oh you stupid cunt! You've ruined the carpet!" Stacy said angrily and 
immediately my right ear was pulled so hard that I thought it would come 
off. "Ah!" I cried out in pain. She was still holding my ear but moved a 
bit closer, and it was still very painful. "Stop pretending! You're a slut 
and a slut loves cum!" Stacy hissed. "I've had enough of this! If you're 
going to be like this the only thing we can do is to let the whole school 
know what kind of slut you are! That's the only way you won't forget!" "Oh,
 no!" I pleaded. I'd gone this far, I couldn't let her do it now. "Please! 
I'm, I'm sorry! I wasn't pretending! Please!" "Oh yeah? If you're not pretending 
then are you saying that you're not a slut? Are you saying that I'm lying?" 
Stacy said, giving my ear another painful tuck. "Oh, no! No!" I whimpered,
 "You're not, not lying! I'm a s---slut! I j---just forgot..." I knew that 
was kinda stupid, and everyone laughed, but I had to get her to give me 
another chance. Besides, I was so close to coming when the guy stopped, 
and now his cock was still throbbing in my pussy, and the feeling was almost 
unbearable. "You forgot? Forgot what?" Stacy asked teasingly. "I mean, I 
got ca---carried away! Please, give me another chance!"
    "Oh yeah? Then you'd better be careful this time!" Stacy said laughing. 
"Swallow every drop of it! Unless the mister wants it the other way!" "Yes,
 yes," I whimpered. "Now, beg this guy to let you suck him! And tell him 
that you want to swallow every drop of his cum!" Stacy said as another guy 
stood in front of me, laughing as he began rubbing his cock against my nose 
and my cheeks, staining them with his pre-cum. "Pl--please, mister, can...can 
I s---suck your cock?" I begged him. "I want to swallow every drop of your 
c---cum..." I said those humiliating words and then waited with my mouth 
half-open.
    "Alright, I guess that would do!" Stacy said laughing. "Go on then, 
give it to her!" She urged and the guy pushed his cock into my waiting mouth. 
At the same time, the guy in my pussy resumed fucking. As I sucked this 
guy, he and Stacy began to give me instructions, how I should suck him, 
work my tongue and all that, and I had to do them. I found it more and more 
difficult to concentrate because I was getting closer and closer to coming. 
My whole body was trembling and I began to wriggle, and soon I began coming 
violently. I wanted to cry out, but with my mouth full, all I could to was 
to let out muffled moans and breath heavily through my nose, and they all 
laughed and called me a real slut. Soon the guy fucking me came too. He 
grabbed my hips and began slamming me to him real hard as he shot jet after 
jet of cum into me.
    With a cock in my mouth, I had to struggle to catch my breath, but they 
weren't going to let me rest. Immediately, another guy took his place in 
my pussy. I was still very sensitive after coming, and I winced and moaned 
with discomfort when he entered me. "Looks like the little slut is complaining!" 
the guy said chuckling. "Oh, maybe she wants you to try something else!" 
Stacy said. "Yeah!" the guy said, "I bet she likes it up the ass too!"
    "Hmmmm! Hmmmmm!" I protested like crazy. How can that thing be put up 
my ass! He'd split me open and kill me! But the guy had already pulled out 
of my pussy and placed the tip of his cock at my asshole. I began struggling 
again, and two other guys had to grab my arms real hard to hold me down. 
Slowly, the guy began to push his way in. It was incredible! I could feel 
my ass stretching. First the head was in, then a bit more, and a bit more. 
The others were cheering, and I heard Stacy said she wanted to get a closer 
look. Luckily the guy was lubricated with my juices, but he still felt huge. 
I stopped struggling and was gasping nervously. He must have several inches 
inside me now, but he was still going. Finally, after what seemed like ages,
 I could feel his belly against my ass. I felt like I was stuffed with his 
cock when he held still. Then he began thrusting back and forth slowly, 
but it still hurt. Tears went down my cheeks and mixed with the juices and 
cum stains on my face. At this moment I heard the guy fucking my mouth grunt,
 and I prepared myself for the horrible task of swallowing his cum. "Take 
this, you little slut!" He gasped as he began coming in my mouth, and I 
struggled to swallow all of it. I swallowed and swallowed until he finally 
stopped coming. "Good girl," he chuckled, patting my head as he pulled out.
     "Oh, oh, oh," I started to moan as the guy continued to fuck my ass. 
"God she's tight! Guys you have to try it!" He said chuckling, and I was 
horrified. But I was no longer able to think clearly when he reached to 
the front, found my clit and began tickling it. I was still moaning, but 
now they were moans of pleasure, and I couldn't believe it. Here I was being 
fucked up the ass, but I was getting turned-on! He began to fuck me faster 
and faster and joined me in moaning. Finally, as I was close to another 
orgasm, he thrust and shot his cum in my ass. Immediately another guy took 
his place, and I was hoping that he would fuck me in my pussy because it 
wouldn't be so painful and I was so close to coming. But he disappointed 
me by entering my now sore asshole, and I grunted in discomfort. He grabbed 
my breasts and used them as handles to pull me towards him as he fucked 
me. Although I was handled so roughly, I still feel myself approaching orgasm 
again, and soon I was coming, moaning loudly and grinding my hips to meet 
his thrusts. I still hated being fucked in the ass, but I was desperate 
to feel his balls slapping against my pussy. "Look!" the guy said, "she's 
really enjoying this!" "I told you she's a slut!" Stacy said.
    After this guy had come in me, they decided to see how many guys I could 
take at the same time. I wanted to protest but I was too exhausted, and 
all I could do was to whimper as they picked me up and made me straddle 
a guy, facing his feet. I let out a cry of dismay when I realized that my 
ass was being lowered onto his cock, but they went on until I was completely 
impaled on him. "Ugh! Ugh!" I grunted as he grabbed my waist and lifted 
me up and down along his cock several times. Then he lowered me so that 
I was lying on top of him, and another guy came over and entered my pussy. 
A third guy squatted above me and entered my mouth. Another guy sat on my 
stomach and rubbed his cock against my tits. He said he wanted to "tit-fuck" 
me but my breasts weren't large enough called me a useless slut. Stacy asked 
him and another guy to do her and soon I heard her moaning. She kept talking 
all the time, telling the other guys to give it to me, to fuck me real hard,
 and to use me like the slut that I was. And they did. The guy on top of 
me was fucking me with long, hard strokes, and the guy under me was thrusting 
up with short strokes. Only now did I realized how wet I was, as the first 
guy was sliding in and out of my pussy easily. It was crazy. A few days 
ago I was still a virgin, and now I was being fucked by three guys at once! 
I felt horrible, but at the same time I was coming. In fact I came twice 
before the guy in my mouth came, and I dutifully swallowed his cum.
    Then the other two guys said they were coming too, and they pulled out 
of me. I was made to remain on my knees, and the guy who fucked my ass pushed 
his cock in my mouth. Yuck! I began to suck him, but the other guy reminded 
me not to forget him by tucking on my nipple, so I let go of this cock, 
turned my head to the other side and blindly searched for his cock, which 
was covered with my own juices and maybe the previous guy's cum. Then the 
first guy told me to suck him again by tucking my other breast. This went 
on for a while, with them tucking me left and right, until they finally 
came. "Yes! Wash her with your cum!" Stacy yelled as I felt the first guy 
shot his cum on my face. I was gasping and some of it shot into my mouth,
 but most just landed on my face. The other guy tucked my nipple and I obediently 
turned towards him, expecting the same humiliating treatment, but instead 
he sprayed his cum on my breasts.

    After that, I was finally allowed to rest. The two guys laid me down 
on my back and praised me for being such a good fuck. I was so exhausted 
after all that and I was only vaguely aware of what was going on. I heard 
Stacy yelled that she was coming, and then people were getting dressed and 
leaving. Mark had stayed behind `cos I heard him talking to Stacy. They 
came over and my blindfold was removed. It's finally over! I thought as 
my eyes adjusted to the bright light. 
    "Smile!" Stacy said cheerfully. I cried out in horror when I saw that 
she had a digital camera in her hand (it was a birthday present that Barry 
gave her) and she was talking photos of me. "Oh, no!" I protested, but my 
hands were still cuffed and I was too weak to do anything. "No?" Stacy said,
 "it's too late to say no now! We have photoed everything this evening, 
from the moment you were blindfolded!" Mark was standing next to her, smiling. 
They were still naked. "Why?" I demanded, "you promised!" "I only promised 
not to give away the other photos!" Stacy said giggling, "I didn't say I 
won't take some myself!"
    "You tricked me!" I said angrily, struggling to get up. "I trick you? 
No I didn't you stupid cunt!" Stacy said as she place her foot on my face,
 forcing me to stay down. "Now you listen to me carefully you cunt! You 
think you can get away so easily? You betrayed me and now your ass is mine! 
You'll do everything I say until I finally say it's enough! You refuse and 
I'll show everyone the photos!" I was horrified as I realized what deep 
shit I was really in. I never thought Stacy would hate me that much. "What 
do you want?" I asked as I began sobbing, "what do I have to do to make 
you forgive me?" "I told you, cunt," Stacy said, "everything I say! And 
now why don't you begin by cleaning my foot? Your face is really dirty!" 
She said giggling as she lifted her foot a bit. Swallowing my tears, I began 
to lick the cum that was originally on my face off her foot. Stacy was definitely 
enjoying this, because she then straddled my face and told me to lap up 
the cum from her pussy and her asshole. After I had finished this humiliating 
task, I was finally untied. "Now go home, you little slut!" Stacy said as 
she threw me my T-shirt and jeans. I was a mess. There were bruises all 
over my breasts and my thighs from the rough handling. My breasts were covered 
with cum, and the dried cum on my face felt just horrible. I smelt of sweat,
 juices and cum, and most terribly, cum was oozing out of my pussy and my 
asshole.
    "Can I cl---clean myself first, please?" I asked meekly. I knew probably 
she was going to refuse, but I didn't want to go out looking like this. 
"Why?" Stacy said, "you're a slut and that's how a slut's supposed to looked 
like!" I winced as I felt the T-shirt stick to my breasts as I put in on. 
"What? You don't like it? You can leave the T-shirt here if you like!" Stacy 
said menacingly. So I dressed hurried and ran back to my house as quickly 
as possible, with my head down and my feet trembling.




IV.

I was a total wreck after that horrible evening. I stayed in and put the 
phone on the hook, fearing that Stacy would call me. I know it's kinda stupid,
 I mean she's my neighbor and we go to the same school, how can I possible 
run away from her? Anyway, she left me alone, and I was feeling a lot better 
when Monday morning came. Before I went to the shower, I took of my clothes 
and looked at myself in the mirror. Most of the bruises were gone, and my 
pussy and asshole no longer felt sore. I thought about the whole thing and 
felt it was pretty incredible, me being screwed by several guys, and three 
of them were taking me at the same time! I closed my eyes and imagined again 
what it was like to be blindfolded, and also the feeling of cum shooting 
up inside me, or on my face, my breasts...
    I was shocked by my thoughts. Immediately I opened my eyes, ran into 
the shower and turned it on. I decided to go to school. I didn't know what 
else to do. I mean, go to school, hang out, this is the only kind of life 
I know! I couldn't just run away from all that. Maybe Stacy would forget 
about the whole thing and we could still be friends, but I'd never forgive 
Barry. I hate him!

    I went to school and carefully avoided Stacy for the whole day. I just 
didn't want to face her and be reminded of the whole thing. I hanged out 
with my classmates during lunch and after school, avoided going anywhere 
near her class and looked carefully around me before approaching the lockers. 
It seemed not that difficult. What's really hard was the boys. I mean, from 
the minute I walked into the school, I couldn't stop thinking which ones 
of the guys there had fucked me that evening. I knew one of them was Mark,
 so I guess the others were probably from our school, maybe they're all 
seniors, I don't know. But whenever a guy as much as glanced at me I would 
wonder if it was him, whether he recognized me, or maybe he was actually 
told who I was. The feeling was terrible.
    Anyway, the day was finally over. I chatted with my friends for a while,
 and then we decided to leave. I was walking across the parking with my 
friend Angela lot when I heard someone called my name from far away. "Hey 
Callie," Angela asked me, "is that girl over there calling your name?" "No,
" I said nervously, "let's go, and don't look!" I started walking really 
fast, dragging Angela behind me.
    We walked together for a while but soon we had to go in different directions. 
I was almost home when Stacy's car pulled up next to me.
    "Hey, slut!" Stacy yelled at me and blew the horn. I was shocked when 
I saw that her entire gang was in the car. "Wh--what?" I asked stammering. 
"Why didn't you answer me when I called you!" "What?" I was trying to pretend 
that I didn't hear her, but she was having none of that. "Cut that crap,
 cunt! I know you heard me! Now get in the car!" I was still hesitating 
when one of the girls sitting in the back opened the door. "Didn't you hear 
what Stacy said? She said get in, cunt!" Marybeth said as she grabbed my 
arm and dragged me in. I was stunned that she would be talking to me like 
that. Marybeth and two other girls were sitting in the back and it was really 
cramped. But instead of squeezing me in, the three of them pushed me onto 
the floor of the car.
    "Hey!" I yelled, "what---Ugh!" I choked as one of the girls kicked me 
heavily in the stomach, and together they started kicking me and stumping 
on me. "Ouch! Ah!" I was totally defenseless, and in the end all I could 
do was to cover my head with my arms and tried to curl up. "Okay, that's 
enough!" I heard Stacy said. "And you, cunt! You shut up and lie still!" 
I was scared and in pain, so I did what she said. I buried my head in my 
arms, bit my lip and tried not to cry. Jill was sitting near my head. She 
lifted a foot and placed it on my cheek, and all the girls laughed. I didn't 
dare to do anything, and she just used my head as a footrest until the car 
finally stopped.

    "Okay, let's get the slut out!" Stacy shouted, and when they dragged 
me out of the car I saw that we were outside my home. Two of the girls dragged 
me to the door and told me to opened it. I did and they pushed me inside. 
"Ouch!" I yelled as I hit the floor, but they totally ignored it. Instead,
 I was dragged by my ponytail into the living room, and threw on the floor 
again. "Ouch! What's, what's this all about?" I whimpered as I tried to 
get up.
    "So she's still pretending! That little slut!" Jill snapped as she came 
over and slapped me. "We know what you have done, cunt!" Marybeth said. 
"Wh--what did I do?" I asked as I sat on the floor, rubbing my reddened cheek. 
"Did it hurt, slut?" Jill said, "you should have know better when you screwed 
our boyfriends!"
    "What?" I was stunned. The guys who fucked me last Saturday were their 
boyfriends! "We know what kind of little slut you are! You like stealing 
other girls' boyfriends! Stacy told us all about it!" "Wait!" I pleaded,
 "let me explain! I was forced!" "Liar!" Marybeth yelled as she came over,
 grabbed my ear and pulled. "We saw the photos! You're having such a good 
time! You were licking the cum on your lips you slut!" "Ouch! Ah! Ah!" I 
cried out in pain. I wasn't sure if they really thought I wasn't forced,
 maybe they were just jealous that their boyfriends had sex with me, and 
were unwilling to accept that those guys took the initiative. Whatever the 
case was, there was no way I could argue with them. I was slapped, pinched,
 my hair was pulled, until finally I collapsed on the floor, sobbing.
    "I'm sorry!" I pleaded, "please, stop! Please!" "This will teach you 
about trying to steal our boyfriends!" Sandy said as she kicked me in the 
ass. "You think you're hot, huh? You wanna be a model? How do you like your 
look now!" Marybeth hissed as she grabbed my T-shirt and tried to drag me 
towards the mirror. The T-shirt torn, and they all laughed. Together they 
began tearing at my clothes, and soon I was totally naked. I crouched down 
and trying to cover myself with my arms. "What?" Jill scolded, "you're embarrassed? 
Don't you like to show off your body?" She pushed and I fell onto my hands 
and knees, and she began pushing me around. Then suddenly she began spanking 
me real hard. "Aw! Aw! Ah!" I couldn't suppress my cries and I struggled 
madly to avoid her blows, but Marybeth and Pam held me tightly by my shoulders. 
Jill kept spanking me until she said her hand was sore, and I felt like 
my ass was on fire. Sandy took her place and began spanking me again, then 
it was Pam's turn. Smack! Smack! The spanking went on. By this time I wasn't 
cry out anymore. I was in so much pain for so long that all I could do was 
to weep quietly. I thought my pain would never stop. After what seemed like 
ages, Pam finally stopped.
    "Oh, oh, oh..." I whimpered, gasping for breath. Then I felt Pam's hand 
touched my tortured buttocks, and my whole body jumped in fear. She laughed,
 and her hand slid down to between my legs and felt my pussy. I was shocked,
 but I was also scared that Marybeth and Stacy would take their turns to 
spank me more, so at least Pam was now keeping me "occupied". "Hey, Pam! 
What are you doing?" Jill yelled, "you're disgusting!" "Look!" Pam answered,
 "she's wet! This slut is getting excited when we spank her!" I didn't know 
if that was true, but now that she mentioned it, I did feel a tingling in 
pussy as she continued to rub my lips gently. As all the girls watch in 
silence, Pam continued to finger me. I didn't know why, but I didn't try 
to struggle or anything, I just remained passively on all fours and let 
her toy with my pussy. The sensation was becoming stronger and stronger,
 until finally I couldn't hold it any longer and began squirming uncontrollably.
    "God what a slut!" Sandy exclaimed. "See? I told you!" Stacy said snickering. 
I felt ashamed but I didn't care. I lowered my head, closed my eyes and 
waited for that powerful orgasm to strike me. As they urged, Pam began rubbing 
me faster and faster, and I began moaning, and soon I began to come. I moaned 
and wriggled so hard that they had to hold me down again. Waves after waves 
of pleasure took me until Pam finally stopped. When she did, I collapsed 
onto the floor, exhausted.
    Pam then sat down on the chair in front of me and grabbed my chin with 
her hand. "Come here, you little slut!" she hissed. As I struggled to get 
up, she pressed her fingers into my mouth so that I could taste my own juices. 
"You like that taste don't you?" She cooed, "come here and get some more!" 
she said as she hiked up her skirt. I could see a wet patch at the center 
of her panties. Quickly, she grabbed the waistband of her panties and pushed 
it down her ankles. Then she lifted one foot out of her panties and spread 
her legs. "Pam!" Marybeth exclaimed, "what are you doing?" But Pam ignored 
her. "Come here, you little slut! I'm sure you like the taste of pussy as 
well! Come here and lick it you little bitch!" she hissed as she dragged 
me closer until my nose touched her pussy. It was very wet and my nostrils 
were filled with her odor. I was shocked and repulsed, and I tried to pull 
back. "Lick it, slut!" Pam said in a threatening tone, "or we'll spank you 
again! All of us!" My ass still hurt and I thought I would die if they spank 
me against. So I closed my eyes in disgust and stuck out my tongue. Yuck! 
I thought as my tongue touched Pam's wet lips.
    "Harder you stupid little cunt!" Pam hissed as she grabbed my hair and 
pulled me closer. She was practically pressing my face against her pussy. 
"Harder! Yes, that's it! Lap it up you little bitch!" She continued to shout 
verbal abuses at me as I reluctantly licked her pussy. She kept pressing 
my face against her and soon my nose was all wet with her juices. The other 
girls all watched this in silence. Soon Pam began to grind her pussy against 
my face and I knew she was coming. She locked her legs around my head so 
hard that I thought I was going to suffocate. Then finally she spasms subsided 
and she released me from her leg-lock, and she just lay on the chair, panting. 
Then she smiled contentedly as she put her panties back on. "The little 
slut ain't bad, you gals wanna try?" She asked in a lazy voice. I was still 
on my hands and knees, trying to catch my breath. When Pam said this, I 
looked at all the others in horror. "Hell no!" Marybeth said. "Oh, well,
 why not," Stacy said as she said down on the couch. "Come here, slut!" 
she said giggling as she took off her jeans and panties. I knew it was useless 
for me to beg, especially when it was Stacy, so I crawled to her until my 
head was between her legs and began licking. Stacy was trying to get the 
other girl to make me lick them too, and she kept telling them how good 
I was, and how a slut like me must be enjoying it. But I hated every minute 
of it.
    After Stacy had come, I had to lick Sandy, then Jill. Marybeth still 
wouldn't do it, so I was spared at least one more humiliation. "Well," Stacy 
said after I had licked Jill to orgasm, "since the slut has done such a 
good job, why don't we give her a reward? Listen slut, we'll allow you to 
fuck our boyfriends, but you have to make it up to us! From now on, your 
ass is ours, is that clear?" Marybeth and Jill looked a bit shocked at this,
 but both Sandy and Pam cheered, and the two finally agreed. "I just asked 
you a question, slut! I said is that clear!" Stacy asked me again and kicked 
my thigh. "Oh, y--yes, yes!" I answered, whimpering. 




V.

When the girls were gone I went to the bathroom to clean myself up. I looked 
at my self and saw that I'd got bruises all over my body, and both my cheeks 
were reddened from the slapping I received, but they were nothing when compared 
to my ass. I felt a bit better after a very hot shower, but then the phone 
rang. It was Stacy.
    "Hi, slut," she said, "how's your butt?" she sounded so cheerful as 
if what happened was nothing. "Stacy!" I almost cried, "why are you doing 
this to me? Haven't you hurt me enough?" "Well, no," Stacy said simply, 
"and mind you manners when you speak to me you cunt!" She had resumed that 
stern and cruel tone. "Since you tried to disobey me today, I've decided 
to give you a small punishment," "But you have punished me already!" I protested. 
"No, I haven't," Stacy said, "that was just the girls punishing you for 
screwing their boyfriends without asking them first." "But they forced me!" 
"Did they?" Stacy said teasingly, "I thought you begged them to do that." 
I didn't know what to say to this twisted argument, but before I could say 
anything, Stacy went on. "You go and check your Email, and call me back 
when you're done," she said, and then she hung up.
    I switched on my computer, logged on and saw that I had received about 
three dozens of new mails from an anonymous account. All except one were 
large files. I clicked on one of them, and as I sort of expected, it was 
a photo of my ordeal last Saturday. The shorter mail was a text message. 
It just said that as my punishment, I had to post all these photos myself 
to the alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.amateur newsgroup, and if I refused,
 somebody else would post them for me "with the additional photos". I clicked 
through all the messages and saw that they were all photos with me blindfolded,
 so the additional photos would be the ones that show my face. That was 
so cruel, I thought. Stacy was forcing me to choose between humiliating 
myself and being exposed. Knowing that I couldn't afford to anger her even 
more, I calmed myself down before calling her.
    "So do you like the photos?" Stacy asked cheerfully. "So all you want 
is just for me to post all the pictures, and that's it?" I asked cautiously. 
"No, actually not," Stacy said, "I've being thinking, since you've got such 
an attitude problem I'm going to make this a little bit more interesting 
for you. I want you to post them, together with a message saying that you're 
a slut and you've just had your first gangbang, and you enjoyed it so much 
that you want to share it with everyone, and then you'll ask everyone to 
Email you and let you know what they think. You have to sound real nice 
in your message, and if you don't get more than one hundred responses by 
tomorrow night, I'll post the rest of the set." "Wh--what?" I was shocked 
by this incredible demand. "How can I do that?" "Well cunt, you'd better 
shut up and do it before I changed my mind!" Stacy snapped. "Now I'm going 
to make it easier for you, you don't have to use your real Email address. 
You can set up a new address, but it has to contain the name Callie and 
it had to sound slutty. Now I'm going to check the newsgroup midnight tonight,
 and the photos have better be there!" She said menacingly and hung up before 
I could said anything.

    Defeated, I returned to in front of my computer. This is not too bad,
 I tried to tell myself. People won't know it's me, nobody would be able 
to tell. Knowing that it would take some time before the photos come up 
in the newsgroup, I began immediately. I couldn't think of any really slutty 
name, nor did I want to anyway, so I just opened a web mail account with 
the name "Callie the slut". And then the message. I tried to remember what 
Stacy and others had said to me, but in the end all I could bring myself 
to write was "Hi I'm Callie the little slut. I just had my first gangbang. 
I enjoyed it so much that I want to share it with everyone of you! Please 
Email me and let me know what you think!" I knew this was pretty lame, basically 
it's just what Stacy had said, I just hoped it would work. I posted all 
the photos and the message, and then switched of the computer, didn't want 
to look at it again. Later, Stacy called me in the middle of the night and 
said she had seen the photos, but she thought the message was pathetic. 
"Well I wrote what you told me to and I th---thought this w--would do..." 
I mumbled in my defense. "Well, it'd better work otherwise you'll be sorry!" 
Stacy snapped, not happy that I wasn't to keen on carrying out the task 
she gave me, then she hung up.

    "Hey Slut!" the following day, I almost died when Stacy called me that 
right in the school parking lot. I looked nervously around and thankfully 
no one seemed to be paying us any attention. Stacy was with Mark and Tom,
 Sandy's boyfriend. "Hi..." I answered cautiously. "Oh c'mon, don't give 
me that look!" Stacy said laughing, "you should be happy to see the three 
of us! You had such a good time with Mark and Tom last weekend! Or you're 
unhappy because there're only two of them?" "Oh, no!" I said nervously, 
"I'm, I'm happy to see them, I mean, you guys!" I could feel myself blushing 
as I recalled what happened last weekend.
    "Well," Stacy said, "I've told Mark and Tom about the little task I 
set you yesterday, and they're quite keen to see the responses! Should we 
bring them along too?" "Y...yeah sure," I knew that wasn't really a question,
 and this was the only answer allowed. So again I was taken into Stacy car,
 and we drove off with me and Jake sitting at the back. As soon as we're 
out of the parking lot Jake began fondling me. "Hey relax!" he said chuckling 
as my whole body tensed up when I felt his hand on my shoulder. "Yeah, I 
bet the slut can't wait until we get there!" Stacy encouraged Jake, who 
began to get more and more outrageous. He reached down and began fondling 
my breasts through my T-shirt. I knew I couldn't refuse, so I just sat there,
 gritted my teeth and let him touch me. But then he reached down and lifted 
my T-shirt above my breasts. "No, please!" I whispered, fearing that Stacy 
would here me, but Jake ignored me. Instead, he pushed my breasts out of 
my bra and began squeezing them and tweaking my nipples. I was mortified. 
The street wasn't too busy, but a car would pass us by once in a while, 
and I just kept my head lowered and couldn't bear to look whether the driver 
of that car had seen me. Several times I looked at the rearview mirror and 
saw that my face was all red, and then I saw Stacy looking at me in the 
mirror. Our eyes met and she smiled wickedly.
    The drive to my home seemed very long that day. I let out a sigh of 
relief when we finally got there, and as soon as Jake stopped touching me 
I pulled my T-shirt back down and almost ran out of the car. I fumbled nervously 
with my keys and opened the door to let them in. "Where are your manners,
 huh? Aren't you at least going to invite us in?" "Oh, pl, please come in,
" I said timidly. But Stacy wasn't finished. "We all know you're a slut,
" she said, "but even a slut has got to have manners, especially with these 
guys! They gave you such a good time last Saturday, remember?" I felt very 
embarrassed, but I knew Stacy was trying to make it difficult for me, so 
I didn't talk back. "Would---would you like something to drink?" I asked. 
Just when I was about to get them their drinks, Stacy stopped me. "C'mon 
slut, we know that whenever you're home you like to get comfortable! You 
don't have to pretend, just do what you usually do!" She said laughing. 
At first I didn't get it, then I began blushing as soon as I realized what 
she meant. "No I'm, I'm fine now, thanks," I said, almost pleadingly. I 
knew the guys had seen every part of my body already, but it would still 
be embarrassing, but Stacy was having none of that. "C'mon, slut! I said 
never mind us! Or do you need more audience?" "Oh, no, no," I said as I 
immediately began to undress. Soon I was totally naked. The guys were grinning 
when they saw my naked body. Then I went to the kitchen to get them their 
drinks, and Stacy and the guys sat down in the living room and they began 
chatting, but she made me stand next to the couch facing the wall.
    I was so embarrassed, with me being totally naked and them fully dressed,
 I felt so degraded. Their conversation was mainly about school, with Mark 
and Jake taking about their games, but sometimes they would make comments 
about my body or talk about last Saturday, and I had to close my eyes in 
shame. "Yeah, she's got a tight little cunt," Mark said at one point, "but 
I still like her ass most," he said as he placed my hand on my ass. I jumped 
a bit at the touch, and they laughed. Mark began fondling my ass. I wanted 
to denied it, but it made me feel hot, I don't know, to be touched but without 
being able to see how, and as Mark went on I began to breathe harder and 
harder. "Ouch!" I yelped as Mark stopped fondling my ass and gave me a spank 
instead, and they laughed. "Well," Stacy said, "let's go and find out how 
popular Callie the slut is!"
    We went up to my room to check my Email. My account was flooded with 
new messages! Minus the spam, I---or rather "Callie the slut"---received a 
 hundred and thirty messages in reply to the photos I posted. I was relieved 
that I was spared further punishments from Stacy, but was shocked that so 
many people had actually replied. It meant that even more people had seen 
the photos, even though they didn't know it was me. Stacy looked a bit disappointed 
that I had managed to pass this test that she set me, but she was more curious 
about what people were saying to me. Together we browsed through the replies. 
Most of them were just people saying nice photos, some asked for more, and 
some were people saying dirty things to me, like I was a real slut, I should 
be spanked real hard, etc. Some people were writing to say what they wanted 
to see me do. "Hey," Stacy excalimed, "why don't we see who has sent in 
the best request! I'm sure our little slut here will be eager to do it!" 
Oh God, I thought, but that's not the end. Stacy wanted me to do the request,
 and they'd photo it and I'd have to post the photos to the newsgroup. Mark 
and Jake got really excited and started talking nonsense, they said maybe 
we could built a website and charge people when they made request, and then 
they'd become internet millionaires. I thought that was a crazy idea but 
I knew I'd better keep my mouth shut. I just hoped the request that people 
had sent me weren't too horrible. I was a bit relieved that at least they 
decided to hide my face in the photos so that people wouldn't discover and 
ruin the whole thing.

    I just sat there and watched as they went through the messages. After 
a while they started to get tired, and decided to just pick a request from 
the ones that they'd seen. I was horrified when Jake said he liked the one 
that asked to see me fucked by twenty guys, but fortunately Stacy said it 
would be too similar to what I'd done last week. Still, I was a bit worried 
that she left it open whether we're going to do that request one day. She 
said she liked the one that wanted to see me fuck myself with a huge dildo. 
I knew she liked it because I would have to do it to myself and it would 
be more degrading for me. The guys seemed to be getting it now that Stacy 
was the boss, and they agreed.
    "What? You don't seem very happy, slut," Stacy said menacing, "should 
we stick to Jake's choice?" "No, no, it's okay," I answered immediately,
 "I, I like the one that you've picked." "Great!" Stacy said cheerfully. 
But she went mad again when I told her sheepishly that I didn't have a dildo. 
"What? Are you kidding me?" she yelled as she grabbed my hair, "a slut like 
you don't have a dildo?" "Hey, maybe we can use a beer bottle or something!" 
Mark said. "Oh God!" I whined. I have to fuck myself with a beer bottle! 
But they ignored me totally and quickly agreed. Jake went nextdoor to Stacy's 
place to get a bottle of beer and as we waited, Mark began touching me all 
over. He said he wanted to warm me up, but I could see the anger and jealousy 
in Stacy's eyes. Jake came back with a bottle of beer and they made me drink 
all of it. I had never drunk that much before and was already feeling dizzy 
when I finished it. Then Stacy took out her camera and ordered me to sit 
on the bed and start. She told me exactly what I had to do, and I had to 
fondle my breasts first, and then tweak my nipples, which despite my predicament,
 became hardened immediately. Then Stacy ordered me to spread my legs and 
rub my pussy. I could felt myself blushing, but I complied quickly, spreading 
my legs and began rubbing myself. My pussy was already wet after Mark's 
fondling, and now it was getting really wet. Then Stacy told me to "do it". 
I picked up the beer bottle and hesitated. "Do it cunt! Or I'll fuck you 
with the other end!" Stacy hissed, and reluctantly, I pointed the tip of 
the bottle at my pussy, and closing my eyes in shame, I slowly began to 
push it in. It was much colder than I thought, and my whole body shuddered 
as it entered me inch by inch. The bottleneck wasn't really long, and soon 
it was at the end. When Stacy saw that I had stopped, she started scolding 
me again. "C'mon, what are you waiting you slut? Or do you want to get the 
whole thing in?"
     "Oh, no, no," I whimpered, and reluctantly I began to thrust the bottle 
back and forth. The bottleneck was shorter than the cocks that I've had,
 but it was incredibly hard, and I was soon getting even wetter. When Stacy 
told me to play with my clitty, I quickly obeyed, and was soon fucking myself 
with the bottle with one hand while rubbing my clit with the other. I had 
my eyes closed all the time, because I didn't want to see their expressions. 
But Stacy didn't spare me that. She said my eyes were closed because I was 
enjoying it so much. It's not true, I protested in my mind, I hated every 
second of it, but still I could feel myself coming. I began rubbing my clit 
faster and faster as I felt my orgasm building up. Faster and faster until 
"Uuuuuurgh!" I grunted as I came. My whole body tightened, even my toes 
were curling. I pressed hard against my clit and thrust the bottle in real 
hard several times. My body spasmed every time I felt the wider part of 
the bottle slam against pussy. Then I fell on my back, and held the bottle 
and my other hand tightly against my pussy, until the spasms subsided.
    I opened my eyes, saw them and felt so ashamed of myself. The two guys 
both had a wide grin on their face. Then I realized that the bottle was 
still inside me and immediately pulled it out. When Stacy saw that, she 
ordered me to clean it with my mouth, saying that it's the kind of manners 
that a slut like me should know. I couldn't believe she could humiliate 
me even further, but after what had just happened, all I could do was to 
obey, so I took the bottle and licked and sucked my juices off it. Then 
Stacy wanted to start touching up the photos so that they could post them 
immediately, but the guys had different thoughts. "Can we..." Mark asked 
grinning. "Yeah, sure," Stacy didn't sound too happy, but immediately the 
two guys jumped onto the bed...




VI.

To my horror, "Callie the slut" turned out to be very popular. After Stacy 
posted the photos of me fucking myself with the beer bottle, even more people 
Emailed in. Some just wrote to say dirty things to me, calling me a totally 
slut, or telling me what they wanted to do to me, while others wrote to 
make further requests. There were many of them, and Stacy decided that there 
should be a meeting at my place every Friday night where she and her friends 
would decide which of the requests was the best. Then, I'd be made to do 
it and they'd post the photos to the newsgroup. Mark and the other guys 
were very keen to help Stacy out with this plan. They drove to the city 
and bought a whole bunch of sex toys, "just in case people want to see the 
slut use them". I knew Stacy was unhappy about the guys' interest in me,
 but she went along with the idea, even making some suggestions herself. 
But when it was time to pick the first "request of the week", she intentionally 
picked the one that asked to see me fucked by two girls with strap-on dildos,
 and she persuaded Sandy to do it. I wasn't really great friends with Sandy 
before the whole thing happened, and she hated me even more after her boyfriend 
Josh fucked me, and together the two of them were determined to make me 
suffer.
    When it's time for the shoot, they first made me played with myself 
until I was wet, and then I had to kissed and licked the dildo before strapping 
it onto Stacy. She then made me get down on all fours, and began to fuck 
me from behind. She was really cruel, fucking me real hard, and pulling 
me towards her by my ponytail. Despite all this, I still had my orgasm, 
but she kept fucking me until I came again. Then I had to suck the dildo 
clean and strap it on Sandy. Sandy also chose to fuck me doggie style, but 
instead of my hair, she used my breasts as grips, and shortly after she 
started fucking me, I looked down and saw that my breasts were all reddened. 
She would also spank me from time to time, with Stacy urging her on. "Yeah,
 spank that cunt! Give it to her!" Stacy yelled. I came quickly, I was so 
exhausted, but Sandy wouldn't stop. She fucked me until I came two more 
times, and then, after I cleaned up the dildo, I had to return the service 
by fucking Stacy and Sandy with it. Stacy was the first one, and I fucked 
her with her lying on her back. I was very tired by then, and she complained 
that I wasn't doing it properly, so while I fucked her she had Mark whip 
my ass with a leather whip that he bought. After that it was Sandy's turn,
 and it was Josh's turn to whip me.
    Poor me, my ass was all reddened when it was all done, but Stacy wasn't 
through yet, and now it was the moment that the guys were waiting for. Stacy 
ordered me to thank the two guys, and immediately Mark and Josh started 
taking off their clothes. But then Stacy stopped them before they began. 
"Wait guys," she said, "I guess the slut must be feeling a bit tired. I 
mean, even a slut's cunt gets sore sometimes, right, slut?" "Errr, y--yes,
" I whimpered. I was really tired after all the fucking, but I didn't think 
Stacy was going to let me off that easily. She must have something worse 
in store for me, and unfortunately I was right. Stacy "suggested" that I 
ask the guys to fuck me in the ass. In the end, I not only had to beg them 
to fuck my ass, I also had to thank them and tell them how much I enjoyed 
it afterwards.

    The following week, some guy sent in a request that I get fucked by 
a dog, and Stacy said she liked the idea. A dog! I was scared to death, 
but I didn't dare say anything `cos it would only make things worse. So 
I just knelt on the floor naked while they discussed what to do. The guys---
Mark, Jake and Ben---were against it, with Mark saying that he wouldn't want 
to touch my pussy again if I were fucked by a dog, but the girls---Stacy 
and Pam--were for it. In the end, they agreed on a compromise. I had to 
make a dog lick my pussy until I came, and if I didn't come, they'd have 
the dog fuck me.
    "Ohmigod, Oh God," I whimpered as we waited. Marybeth had a German Shepherd,
 and Stacy called her, told her about the whole thing, and finally she agreed 
to bring it over immediately.
    Marybeth had a smug look on her face when I opened the door for her. 
I was already naked at that time, and Marybeth intentionally stood at the 
open door for a very long time before coming in. I was so embarrassed, but 
my embarrassment turned into fear when I saw her dog. "Say hi to Max, slut!" 
Marybeth said as she noticed me staring at her dog. "I said say hi, slut!" 
She snapped when I didn't react. "Oh, hi, Max," I stammered. "Oh, c'mon!" 
Marybeth was still not happy, "is that how you say hi to a dog that's going 
to give you a good time? Get down on your knees and give him a nice little 
kiss!" She said, now laughing. I did as I was told. Kissing a dog isn't 
bad at all normally, but thinking what's going to happen next just gave 
me the creeps. After I had kissed the dog, Marybeth wouldn't let me get 
up. "Stay there, you little bitch!" She said laughing as she took a collar 
and a leash out of her bag. "You see how thoughtful I am!" She said cheerfully,
 and Stacy and the others all laughed. They gathered around to watch as 
Marybeth put the collar on my neck, saying how I really looked a little 
bitch. "Look at her, Max," Marybeth said, "is this little bitch good enough 
for you? Or should we go get a better one and leave this bitch to some stray 
dogs?"
    Then we all went into the living room, with Marybeth leading both me 
and Max but our leashes. "Okay, let's get this started!" Stacy said enthusiastically. 
I was told to sit on the coffee table where they had moved away the coffee 
table. Marybeth had removed the leash but I still had the collar on. "C'mon,
 slut! Start playing with yourself!" Pam said. I felt so ashamed. I knew 
they had all seen me do that, but this was different. They all knew I was 
going to get licked by a dog afterwards. It was so humiliating. I looked 
up at Stacy pleadingly, but it was useless. "C'mon, you slut! Do it! Or 
we'll just let the dog fuck you and save us all this trouble!" "Oh, no, 
please!" I said. Immediately, I cupped my breasts and began fondling them. 
Despite my nervousness, my nipples became hardened quickly. Then I reached 
down and began rubbing my pussy with one hand. I knew I would be wet already. 
Every time I had to play with myself in front of people, there's this strange 
feeling inside me, like some kind of weakness. I think I must be sick but 
I couldn't help it. I began gasping as I got more and more excited. I looked 
up and saw Max staring at me. Our eyes met, and I began rubbing myself faster. 
I thought everyone was turned on too, they were all quiet. "Go get her, 
Max," Marybeth said gently as she gave the dog a push.
     Max came over obediently and stopped when he was standing between my 
wide-spread legs. I reached out and caresses his head gently. Then I touched 
his nose with the hand that I used to play with myself. I was so nervous,
 my hand was trembling all the time. Max sniffed my hand, and then he began 
licking my juice-soaked fingers. I rubbed his head a bit, and then I began 
pushing his head down. Max struggled a bit and then he stopped, and I guess 
he must have smelt my pussy. He seemed to know what I was trying to do and 
obediently lowered his head until he was at my pussy, and then he began 
licking.
    "Oh!" I was totally taken by surprise and let out a moan. The feeling 
was so different. The warmth of his tongue, its roughness, and its length. 
The dog was licking me so hard that I felt like his tongue was entering 
my pussy sometimes. He was licking me randomly, and sometimes, when his 
tongue flickered on my clit so hard, I just couldn't help it and I had to 
cry out, and my whole body squirmed. "Look at her! She's getting really 
hot!" Jake whispered. No one answered him, but his words pierced my heart. 
Here I am, getting licked but a dog and getting so turned on that I can 
hardly control myself! I grabbed Max's head and held it to my pussy steadily,
 I was desperate to feel his tongue on my clit again. Yes! "Ah!" I moaned,
 "Ah! Ah! Aaaaah!" I moaned again and again as Max hit his target. My whole 
body began to tremble as I felt an orgasm building up inside me, and I began 
grinding my hips against Max. "Oh! Oh! Max!" I closed my eyes and moaned 
as I came violently. I didn't let go of his head until my orgasm had subsided. 
And when I let him go, Max stopped obediently. Marybeth pulled him away,
 and I just sat there on the floor, with my legs spread and my back leaning 
on the couch, panting, exhausted.
    "Man that was hot!" Mark broke the silence. "Yeah, she's a real slut!" 
Jake echoed, "You see how she came! That's wilder than any of the porno 
film that I've ever seen!" "Of course! She's Callie the Slut!" Stacy said 
laughing. "Hey slut," she said as she turned to me and grabbed me by my 
hair, "did you enjoy it?" "I...I..." "I'm asking you a question slut! Answer 
me!" She said as she gave my hair a tuck. "Ouch! Y--yes, ouch," I whimpered. 
"Yes what?" "Y---yes I en--enjoyed it," I said meekly, my face burning, "I 
enjoyed being licked by a d--dog..." "Good, and what does that prove?"
    "It...it proves that I am...I am a s---slut!" I finally said it. Yes,
 this is what I am. "Hmmm..." Pam joined in, "well I guess just a little 
licking wasn't enough for our little slut here then!" The guys were now 
looking hopefully at Stacy. She was quite clearly the boss here. "Yeah, 
go ahead!" she said, "Fuck her brains out! Come here, slut! Spread your 
legs! Now, beg these guys to fuck your brains out!"
    As Stacy ordered, I crawled to in front of the guys, sat down and spread 
my legs. I looked at their erect cock and felt the wicked desire rising 
inside me again. "Please," I begged as my hand slipped up my thigh to my 
wet pussy, "I am a slut! Please fuck my brains out!" "Sure!" Mark said chuckling 
as he pushed me down on the floor. "Ah!" I let out a loud moan as he entered 
me. I couldn't control myself, I wanted him. I wanted to be fucked. "Yes,
 fuck me! Fuck me! Ah!" I moaned and locked my legs around his back as he 
pumped in and out of me in a frenzy. We both came quickly, and I cried out 
loudly as he filled me with his hot cum. And then it was Jake's turn. He 
lay down on his back, and I obediently climbed on top of him, and without 
him urging, I began to ride his hard cock. Ben took his place in my asshole 
and I cried out loudly as I was filled in both holes. The girls weren't 
going to let me off that easily. They kept calling me names as I was fucked 
by their boyfriends. "Hey Mark, come here!" Stacy said as she guided Mark 
to in front of me. "Use the slut's mouth! Let her clean her cunt juices 
off your dick!" She said as she gave him a push. I opened my mouth obediently,
 and as soon as he inserted his cock, I began sucking eagerly, tasting the 
mixture of my juices and his cum. I let the three guys fuck me in abandonment. 
The more degrading their words sounded, the hotter I felt. I came again 
and again. Then Ben said he was coming. "Wait," Stacy said, "Shoot your 
cum on her face! That's what she likes!" Both Ben and Mark pulled out of 
me, and together they lifted me off Jake and laid me on my back. I was approaching 
another orgasm, and as soon as they let go of me, I reached up and began 
rubbing my breasts with one hand and playing with my pussy with another. 
At first I was just rubbing myself, but then it was not enough, and I thrust 
first one, and then two fingers into my pussy, and began finger-fucking 
myself. Then I felt something on my face. I opened my eyes and saw that 
it was Jake coming. "Here!" He yelled as he guided his cock to shoot his 
cum all over my face, "take this, you little slut!" Some of his cum even 
got into my eyes! I was coming like crazy "Ah! Ah!" I moaned as I slammed 
my ass on the floor. Ben and Mark were coming too and together they covered 
my breasts with their cum.
    I was still in a dreamlike state after their cum shower stopped, but 
Stacy woke me up from that. "Having a good time with our boyfriends?" she 
said sniggering, "now it's time you pay for it!"




VII.

While I was still lying on the floor trying to catch my breath, Stacy told 
the guys to get dressed and leave. "Okay guys," she said, "it's girls' fun 
time!" "Can't we just stay and watch?" Mark asked hopefully, but Stacy would 
have none of that. She told Mark to shut up and ushered the guys out. I 
was just sitting up when she returned to the living room. I was all sweaty 
after being fucked by the three guys, and there was cum all over my face 
and my breasts. Except for my first time with Barry, I never had sex with 
one person alone. Every time, it was with more than one guy, and with even 
more people watching. But no matter how humiliated it was for me at the 
beginning, I came again and again in the end. What am I turning into?
    "Ready for more fun, slut?" Stacy asked me. I looked at her and saw 
only hatred in her eyes, and I knew it was useless to beg. Getting no answer 
from me, Stacy just smirked and told Pam to get two spreader bars from their 
collection of toys. While we waited, Stacy and Marybeth continued to laugh 
at me as they took more photos. I felt humiliated but tried not to let it 
show. When Pam came back, Stacy ordered me to get down on all fours, then 
she cuffed my wrists to the two cuffs on one of the spreader bars, while 
Pam cuffed my ankles to the other. "Now, doesn't she look like a little 
bitch?" Stacy asked laughing. "Yeah! What do you think, Max?" Marybeth answered. 
I bit my lower lip and waited for whatever pain that Stacy was going to 
inflict on me.
    "Stacy! What are you doing?" Marybeth exclaimed suddenly. Alarmed, I 
turned around and saw that Stacy had knelt down next to Max and was stroking 
his cock! "Wh---what...oh, no!" I cried out in horror as I realized what 
Stacy was planning. The dog's cock was erect, but it still seemed to be 
getting bigger and bigger, and he was letting out low grunts. "Stacy!" I 
said, my voice shaking, "you said you're only going to make the dog lick 
me! You..." "Oh, I thought you're never going to talk to me!" Stacy sneered. 
"But you promised!" I was almost shouting. "Did I?" Stacy retorted, "all 
I said was that we're going to have Max lick you for the photos. And since 
you enjoyed it so much, I'm sure you'll like this even more!"
    "Stacy..." Marybeth seemed not so sure about this, and in desperation,
 I tried to crawl towards her, hoping that she would stop Stacy. But Pam 
stopped me by putting her foot on the spreader bar that my feet were cuffed 
to. "Please, Marybeth!" I pleaded, "stop her!" But before Marybeth could 
speak, Stacy stopped her. "C'mon Marybeth," Stacy said, "do you like the 
way the guys were looking at her? I think they deserve a little punishment. 
We'll let the guys fuck her and then tell them afterwards that the little 
slut's cunt has been fucked by a dog!" "Yeah! This will serve them right!" 
Pam said giggling. "Oh, well, why not," Marybeth murmured as she looked 
down at me, then she put her foot on the spreader bar cuffing my wrists,
 making it totally impossible for me to move.
    "Oh, God, no, please!" I was almost hysterical. I jumped when I felt 
something touching my pussy. I looked back and saw that it was only Pam. 
"Disappointed?" she laughed as she began rubbing my pussy. Although I was 
scared to death, under Pam's skillful handling, my pussy was soon wet again 
with excitement, and as she began tickling my clit, I couldn't help but 
let out a moan and began wriggling. "Hmmm, I guess she's ready for you, 
Max," Stacy said giggling as she brought Max closer. "No, Stacy, please!" 
I pleaded as she guided the dog to me. Together with Pam, they lifted its 
front legs and placed them on my back. As if he knew what he was doing, 
Max climbed forward until he was almost grabbing my shoulders, and I shuddered 
in horror as I felt his cock poking madly at my thighs. "Easy boy, let me 
help you," Stacy said laughing as she reached down to take the dog's cock 
in her hand. "Oh, God, no...oh!" I whimpered as I felt the head of Max's 
cock pressing against my lips. "Oh, God, oh," I sobbed and lowered my head 
in shame as Max pushed his way in. I'm being fucked by a dog! His cock was 
thick and very hard. With a quick jerk, Max was all inside me, and I could 
feel the base of his cock slamming against my pussy. Immediately, he began 
pumping me with quick hard jerks. "Holy shit! This is amazing!" I heard 
Pam whisper.
    "Urgh! Urgh!" I grunted as Max continued pumping me. I could feel his 
breath and his droll on my neck, and he would also lick me from time to 
time. I felt like my pussy was on fire. The dog was pumping me so quickly 
and forcefully that despite my horror I could feel myself getting hotter 
and hotter. I'm coming! I couldn't believe it, but I was. I could feel a 
powerful orgasm approaching, and my whole body trembled every time I felt 
the base of Max's cock slam against my lips. Suddenly I realized that it 
wasn't the base of the dog's cock. It was a bulge, and now he was trying 
to get it in! "Ah! Ah!" I moaned as I felt my lips being spread by the bulge,
 wider and wider. Then suddenly, the whole bulge was inside me, and my entire 
body was shaken by a powerful orgasm. "Oooooooow!" I closed my eyes and 
cried out loudly, but my cry soon turned to a cry of dismay when I felt 
that Max was shooting his cum inside me. A dog is coming inside me! He kept 
shooting and shooting as my body squirmed uncontrollably. He was still coming 
when my spasms finally subsided.
    "Oh, oh," I was panting and shaking. "That's amazing isn't it?" Stacy 
asked. "No, I think it's rather disgusting!" Marybeth said giggling, and 
the girls all laughed. Max had stopped coming now but was still inside me. 
The bulge at the base had locked his cock inside me! I'm stuck with a dog's 
cock in my pussy! "Please, get the dog off me!" I pleaded the girls. "Oh,
 don't worry," Marybeth said, "it will get off in maybe an hour or so, if 
the dog doesn't feel like another go!" "Yeah!" Stacy joined in, "didn't 
you enjoy it, slut? Would you like Max to fuck your bitch's cunt again?" 
"No, please! Get him off me!" I begged, but they ignored me. Instead, they 
all went up to my room, and I was left in the living room alone with Max. 
After the girls were gone, I tried to shake Max off me, but it wouldn't 
work, and it almost had the opposite effect. Max gave several jerks, like 
he wanted to start fucking me again. Horrified, I held still, and thankfully 
he didn't go on. After what seemed like ages, I felt his cock softened. 
I reached down and grabbed the base of it and gently pushed him out.
    I felt horrible as the dog climbed off me. Quickly I ran upstairs to 
the bathroom. I wanted to clean myself up, and wash all the cum off me, 
especially Max's. "Hey slut!" Stacy called out from my room, "what do you 
think you're doing?" "I was just...can I just get a quick shower, please?" 
I stammered. "Not yet," Stacy said laughing, "we need you here. Come here,
 now!"
    When I entered my room, I saw that they were going through my stuff. 
Several of my drawers were pulled out, and the wardrobe was opened. I felt 
angry at this invasion of my privacy, but I didn't dare protesting.
    "Hey, the slut's got some nice lingerie!" Pam yelled as she found the 
lingerie that Barry gave me. I had hidden them at the bottom of the drawer 
after this whole ordeal began, `cos I didn't want to see them again. I didn't 
want to be reminded of how Barry had betrayed me. There was a vicious smile 
on Stacy's face when she saw the lacy bra that Pam was holding. "Oh yeah,
 they're really nice," Stacy said bitterly, "so why don't you wear them 
more often, slut? Don't you think it's a waste?" "I...I..." I didn't know 
how to answer. I was cringing uncomfortably. The cum on my face and breasts 
had now dried and it felt sticky and tight, but the most horrible thing 
was that Max's cum was now oozing out of my pussy and dripping down my thighs. 
To stop it from dripping down to the carpeted floor, I had to rub my thighs 
together and smear it on my thighs. "I'm asking you a question, slut!" Stacy 
snapped, "still thinking about the great fuck that you just had with Max? 
You can do it again if you like it so much!"
    "Oh, no, I'm, I'm sorry," I whimpered, "er, yes, I, I will wear them 
more often..." "Yeah," Sandy said, "a slut like you should enjoy showing 
her nice undies off!" Together the girls went through my clothes to find 
a suitable attire for me. Apart from the lingerie that Barry bought be, 
my clothes are really ordinary---kinda geeky actually. Finally they decided 
on a white T-shirt and a pair of denim shorts. Stacy told me to wear them 
to school next Monday with the dark blue lacy bra and panties underneath. 
This would do for the time being, she said, but after school they would 
take me to buy something more "suitable" for me. If I didn't do it, she 
would have other ways of showing people how I looked in those bra and panties,
 Stacy said menacingly.

    I felt like everyone was staring at me as I walked across the school's 
parking lot. People whistled but I pretended not to notice them. The white 
T-shirt that I was wearing was an old one that I only wear at home. It was 
really thin and the dark blue bra underneath was clearly visible. As Stacy 
instructed, I had rolled up the bottom of the T-shirt to above my bellybutton 
and tied a knot with it. Also, the denim shorts were low-waisted, and the 
waist band of my panties could be seen from time to time. My face was burning 
with embarrassment.
    "Callie!" I was relieved to see Angela in the corridor. She had a stunned 
look on her face. "Hi, Angela!" I greeted her, trying to pretend that everything 
was normal. "Callie! Why are you dressed like this? I can see your bra miles 
away!" Angela whispered to me, "and people are staring!" "Er, I dunno," 
I couldn't tell her the truth, "I just want to try something different..." 
"But do you have to dress like this to school? I mean, look at these guys! 
And what will the teachers say?" Angela was clearly concerned, and when 
we entered the classroom, she thoughtfully walked very close to me, and 
with the file was was holding in my arms, we were able to block most people's 
view until I had sat down. But soon everyone began to notice. "Hey Callie,
 nice T-shirt!" "Wow, Callie, is that a lace bra you're wearing?" I just 
told the boys to mind their own business. At the same time, I couldn't help 
noticing the look of disdain on several of the girls' faces. Every teacher 
frowned when they noticed what I was wearing, but they didn't say anything. 
I never caused any trouble in class, so maybe they thought they would give 
me a chance. However, the male teachers looked at my direction a lot, especially 
Mr Tarver, our English teacher. He was practically talking only to me---or 
more correctly, to my chest. "Hey Mr Tarver!" a boy called Ernie (who is 
always the prankster) yelled, "Can you look at me once in a while, please? 
I feel so ignored!" Everyone laughed, and I couldn't help laughing too. 
Mr Tarver is a jerk and we all hate him. But when I was laughing, I heard 
one girl said behind me, "Why is she laughing? She's the cause of all this!" 
"Yeah," another girl answered, "but I guess she's enjoying all this attention!" 
Then the two girl said in unison: "slut!"
    I felt really hurt, but I just ignored them. I was beginning to hate 
Stacy for making me go through all this, but I wasn't able to do anything. 
Angela wanted to walk home with me, but when I saw Stacy and her gang in 
the parking lot, I just told Angela to go home first.
    "Hey slut, how's your day?" Stacy asked laughing, and I couldn't help 
but glared at her. "What? People were talking about you and you're not happy?" 
Pam said, "you should thank us for all the attention that you're getting!" 
I bit my lip as I tried not to retort. Finally Stacy got mad. "Listen slut!" 
she hissed as she grabbed my arm, "you'd better show us some respect! Or 
if you don't want to go on we can end all this anytime!" With these words 
she reached into the glove compartment of her car and took out a stack of 
photos. "Here! Take them! Give them to everyone, you cunt!" She scolded 
as she threw them to me. The photos hit me and fell onto the ground. They 
were the photos taken by Barry. I hurriedly got down on my knees to gather 
them up. People were looking in our direction because Stacy was yelling 
at me, and I nervously looked around to see if anyone could see the photos. 
"Here, let me help you!" Stacy hissed as she kicked a photo away from me. 
"Oh no!" I gasped as I ran after it. When I picked it up, Stacy was about 
to kick another away. "No! Please stop!" I pleaded, "please! I'm, I'm sorry!" 
The other girls all joined in, and finally I had to apologize to them for 
being so rude and thank them for the opportunity they gave me to show off 
my nice undies, and how much I enjoyed doing that. At last, Stacy was satisfied.
    "Okay, we'll let you off this time," she said sternly, "but remember,
 you're a slut and you like being a tease! Make sure everyone knows that!" 
Then suddenly, her tone changed and she was all happy again. "Okay girls,
 it's shopping time!" she said cheerfully.




VIII. 

The shopping trip with Stacy and her gang was a torture. We drove to the 
city center and went through every mall. I knew Stacy and the girls would 
make me wear the sluttiest outfit they could find, but it was still horrible 
to go through the whole thing. The clothes that they picked for me were 
all cut-off shirts, see-through blouses, tank tops, or tight-fitting tops 
with spaghetti straps, then hot pants and miniskirts to go with them. They 
made me put on every outfit they picked and came out of the dressing room 
for them to see, and every time I came out, they would be like "Oh wow Callie 
you look really great!" or whistle or even scream, just to make sure I got 
the attention of everyone in the shop. The women looked at me with contempt,
 while the guys just looked at me and drooled. They also bought me some 
thongs and matching see-through bras, and also several push-up bras for 
what Stacy called my "pathetic tiny tits".
    The following day, I went to school in a cut-off shirt and miniskirt. 
I had wanted to wear hot pants, because that would at least cover my ass,
 which was totally revealed by the thong that I had on. But Stacy said I 
had to alternate between pants and skirts, so I had no choice but to put 
on one of the miniskirts that they bought me. The cut-off shirt had no button,
 and they intentionally picked me the wrong size, and as a result even part 
of my bra was showing. I didn't know how I made it to the classroom. The 
moment I entered the school's ground, people were staring, whistling and 
teasing me. Several girls called me slut, but I just kept my head down and 
ignored them. Even Angela was a little bit embarrassed to talk to me, but 
she was still nice to me, and I was really grateful. The way the teachers 
treated me changed completely. I had never been a trouble maker, but now 
they just totally ignored me, or looked at me with disdain---except Mr Tarver 
that is. It was like he couldn't control himself, he just stared at me during 
the entire lesson. As I said, we all hated Mr Tarver. Whenever he asks you 
a question and you can't answer, he will humiliate you in front of the whole 
class and make you feel like shit. Now he was acting like a dirty old man,
 and the students just used this opportunity to get back at him. They teased 
him again and again, but strangely, Mr Tarver didn't do anything. The first 
time someone made a joke about him staring at me all the time, he looked 
stunned at first, but then he just stared down at the floor like he was 
ashamed, and then he looked back at me as if nothing had happened. That 
jerk is pathetic. From that point on, he totally lost control of the class. 
The students began to get noisy, and they would tease him from time to time 
(when they were not chatting with each other). Sometimes Mr Tarver would 
get angry and raised his head as if he was about to pick on the troublemakers,
 but then he would do nothing, just returned his stare to my body, with 
rage in his eyes.
    I guess this was the only moment I felt slightly better about my situation,
 that I had given Mr Tarver what he deserved. But soon the lesson was over 
and I was again treated with disdain by another teacher.
    Lunchtime was even worse. I went to the canteen with Angela and some 
other friends as usual, but I could tell that the other girls were uneasy 
when they walked with me. What's worse, people kept bumping into me intentionally 
in the canteen. Several boys just pressed their arms against my breasts,
 or brushed my ass with their hands as I walked past. The first time this 
happened, I was so angry. The boy who did that had such a smug smile on 
his face that I wanted to kick his balls. But with me dressed up like that,
 who would be on my side? As I thought of that, I totally lost confidence 
and I just lowered my head. Seeing this, several other boys came over and 
did the same thing. Finally Angela interfered. "Go away, jerk!" She shouted 
as she pushed another guy away. "Angela! What are you doing?" Michelle exclaimed,
 "people are staring at us!" "C'mon, Michelle! Can't you see what they're 
doing to Callie?" Angela said angrily. "Yeah, but she..." Michelle didn't 
finish her sentence, but I knew what she wanted to say.
    The girls were even worse than the boys. They didn't try to feel me 
up or anything like that. Instead, they tried to knock me down or trip me 
over. When I was walking towards a table, a girl pushed me so hard that 
I almost drop my tray. I was so relieved when we finally sat down. The girls 
were all unhappy, even Angela was a bit annoyed. It was like I had become 
some kind of burden to them. I looked up and saw Stacy sitting at a table 
on the other side of the canteen with her gang, and she winked at me and 
smiled.
    The whole week went on pretty much in the same way. I went to school 
in one of those revealing clothes, and attracted all those unpleasant attentions. 
On Thursday Michelle finally had enough and decided not to sit with us during 
lunch. Angela and Janey kept asking me why I was dressed like that, and 
I just pleaded them to stop. "Please," I said, "I just want to, okay?" Angela 
was clearly not convinced, but she didn't say anything. Stacy, on the other 
hand, only tried to make things worse for me. Earlier that morning, I ran 
into her in the corridor. "Hey Callie!" She shouted when she was six or 
seven feet away from me. "So this is your new look!" she said cheerfully,
 as if she just discovered it. "You said you wanted to attract the attention 
of every guy in the school," she went on with a phony smile, "I'm sure you'll 
succeed, you look so sexy in these clothes!" "I...I..." I was so angry and 
embarrassed that I didn't know what to say, so I just turned around and 
walked away. "Whore!" I heard another girl said, and it was followed by 
Stacy's laughter.
     Just as I turned around, I saw Pam talking to a guy at the other end 
of the corridor. I had a bad feeling about this as they were both staring 
at me. I wanted to run away from them, but Stacy was still there, so I just 
stood there and didn't know what to do. "Shit," I thought as the guy started 
walking towards me, but then I thought there were so many people in the 
corridor, so what could he do to me? I felt slightly more at ease when the 
guy totally ignored and Pam looked like she was about to walk away too, 
and I started walking again. But when the guy walked past me, he reached 
out suddenly and lifted my miniskirt up!
    "Gotcha!" He said laughing as he ran away. I was so embarrassed! I was 
sure that I was blushing all over, from head to toe. Although it was really 
quick, I was sure that some people must have seen it, that I was wearing 
a thong underneath my miniskirt, practically baring my entire ass. "Nice 
thong, Callie!" the son of a bitch yelled as he disappeared at the other 
end of the corridor. I looked around quickly and saw that the guys were 
all looking at me and grinning, and the girls were whispering to each other,
 and I just couldn't take this any longer. I ran into the toilet, locked 
myself in a cubicle and started to cry. Then I heard the door opened and 
someone knocked on the door of my cubicle.
    "Leave me alone!" I cried out, sobbing. "If that's how you talk to people 
then I'll really have to teach you a lesson," Stacy said laughing. "Why 
are you doing this to me, Stacy?" I whined, "why are you so cruel?" "Cut 
the crap, slut!" She scolded, "and open up!" I opened the door reluctantly,
 and just when I was about to wipe to tears off my eyes, Stacy slapped me. 
I didn't see it coming because of my tears and was totally caught off guard. 
Stacy laughed as I struggled to keep my balance. "Be careful, slut!" She 
said teasingly, "don't get your clothes dirty or you'll have to take them 
off!" I was really mad at her, but was also scared that she would make me 
take off my clothes, so I didn't talk back, but Stacy wouldn't let me off 
that easily. "What? Did I say something wrong? You don't seem very happy!" 
"No, no, I'm sorry, really!" Fearing the consequences of her anger, I apologized 
hurriedly.
    "You have an attitude problem, slut!" Stacy said sternly, "and we've 
got to do something about it!" "Please!" I begged, "everyone was looking 
at me! I can't take this anymore!" "Oh c'mon!" Stacy snapped. "Gimme a break! 
We know how much a slut like you enjoy all the attention! Just look at yourself 
and the photos that Barry took! If you don't stop pretending to be miss 
modesty, I'll just show the boys outside what a slut you really are!" "No!" 
I cried out sobbing, but Stacy wasn't impressed. "That's it! I've had enough! 
We can't have you acting like a spoiled brat or a cry baby!" she said and 
turned to leave. "Please!" I pleaded, grabbing her hand, "I'm sorry! I really 
am! I won't do it again! I swear!" "Oh yeah? That's easy for you to say! 
" "I mean it! I won't cry again!" "Alright, I'll give you one more chance..." 
Stacy said with a wicked smile.

    As Stacy had instructed, I waited a few minutes after she had left, 
then I came out of the toilet. The bell had just rung, but a lot of people 
were still there. Following Stacy's order, I looked at a group of boys nearby 
until I was sure that I had their attention, then I forced a smile on my 
face. Those boys were probably from lower grades and they all looked kinda 
nerdy, and it's probably the first time that a girl smiled to them, as they 
all had what looked like an idiotic grin on their face, and their eyes moved 
up and down my body quickly. Slowly, I made my way to the stairs, and as 
I took the first step up the stairs, I rubbed my hand on my ass, slowly 
and deliberately, making sure that my miniskirt was slightly raised as I 
did so, so that the boys could get a hint of what's underneath. Immediately,
 they looked at each other in disbelief, then they began to walk in my direction. 
Some other guys had also noticed what was happening. I waited while they 
gathered at the bottom of the stairs, then I threw them a flirting smile,
 turned around and began to walk up the stairs slowly, swaying my hips like 
what I thought a "slut" would do. From the burning sensation on my cheeks 
I could tell that I was blushing bright-red, and I wished I could just run 
back to my classroom or hide myself somewhere. But as I continued up the 
stairs, feeling the guys' stare at my ass under my miniskirt and listening 
to their laughs and whispered comments, a strange feeling of weakness swept 
me over and I could feel my nipples hardening. I was shocked by this reaction 
of my body, but as I became more and more self-conscious of it, I only got 
more excited, and I could even feel my breath quickened. Now I finally reached 
my floor, and some of the boys let out a disappointed "Oh" as the show was 
finally over. My classroom was almost at the end of the corridor, and now 
it seemed so far away. I continued to walk slowly along the corridor, not 
forgetting to give the boys another flirty smile before I entered the classroom. 
As soon as I closed the door behind me, I ran back to my seat and sat down,
 biting my lips to hold back the tears.

    I could hardly hide how happy I was when Stacy told me on Friday morning 
that she and the other girls were busy that evening. The cheerleaders were 
having a night out and our weekly photo session would have to be postponed. 
"Don't worry slut," she said menacingly, "we'll catch up with you later." 
 But for me, a delay was still better than none. Also, it was the first 
time after the "incident" that I was able to hang out with my friends on 
a Friday evening. I really had a good time, and even when Angela told me 
that she had to go home for dinner, I still begged her to go to a burger 
joint with me and waited while I had my junk food dinner.
    Shortly after I got home, the doorbell rang. I jumped and looked at 
the clock. It was barely eight. Stacy should still be out, maybe it's her 
parents. I hadn't been to their place for dinner after Barry left, so maybe 
they just wanted to see how I was doing. I opened the door, and was surprised 
to see Mark and the other guys standing there.
    "Hi Callie," Mark said with a wide grin, "how're you doing?"
    "Er---I'm fine, thanks," I answered. I wasn't quite sure what he wanted,
 but I had a bad feeling about this.
    "Well, we're just here to ask you to join us for a little party..."
    "Mark!" I exclaimed in horror. It was now obvious what they wanted. 
They wanted to have me while Stacy's not around so they could do whatever 
they wanted without her bossing them around. "But Stacy, Stacy will kill 
me if she finds out! Have you asked, I mean, told her about this?"
    Mark was a bit annoyed by my question. He probably knew the trouble 
both the guys and me would be in if Stacy found out, but he wouldn't want 
to admit me. "What about Stacy?" he said impatiently as he grabbed my arm. 
"I can do what I want and YOU will do what I want. Understood, you cunt?" 
He asked, emphasizing his question by squeezing my arm. "Ouch! Yes, yes,
" I whimpered. Shit I'll be in trouble I thought, but I would be in trouble 
immediately if I refuse, so reluctantly I picked out my keys and put on 
my sneakers (I was wearing T-shirt and denim shorts, but Mark said it wouldn't 
be necessary for me to change) and followed them to their car.
    They were going to Ben's place. Mark and Jake were at the front and 
I sat at the back between Josh and Tom. As I sat uneasily between them, 
I couldn't help thinking how Stacy would react if she found out about this,
 but I soon realized I had more immediate worries, as Josh and Tom were 
already running their hands all over my body.
    "No, please!" I pleaded. It was already dark, but a car would still 
pass by occasionally. "What? Are you embarrassed?" Tom asked chuckling as 
he grabbed my left breast and began squeezing it. "Yes!" I almost whispered,
 "people might see!" "Oh, yeah? But I thought it would only make you hotter!" 
He said laughing as he hiked my T-shirt above my breasts. I had changed 
after I got home and wasn't wearing a bra under my T-shirt, and as he did 
that my breasts were totally exposed. "Oh, no!" I cried out and grabbed 
the bottom of my T-shirt, but Tom had his hand back on my breast so I couldn't 
pull the T-shirt down. "Put down your hands, cunt!" He hissed as he squeezed 
my breast real hard. "Ouch!" I winced and cried out in pain. I was still 
hesitating because I was so scared that people would see me, but Tom took 
my left nipple between his fingers and pinch it real hard. "Ooow!" I cried 
out again, and my eyes were swelling with tears. "Look, cunt!" Tom said 
menacingly, "we can do it the hard way if you want, but I'm sure you'll 
regret it!"
    "Oh, oh," I whimpered as I reluctantly let go of my T-shirt and Tom 
lifted it up again. Laughing, Josh put his hand on my right breast and began 
fondling it. I was overwhelmed with embarrassment. Closing my eyes in shame,
 I just clenched my fists and tried my best to keep my hands on my sides. 
To my dismay, my nipples were so getting harder and harder as they continued 
toying with my breasts. The guys were all making lewd comments about my 
body, and from time to time I could hear a car whirring past us. I was trembling 
all over and felt like I was dying with shame. What's worse, I felt a hand 
slid down my belly and grabbed the top button of my jeans. I opened my eyes 
and saw that it was Josh. I figured it was useless to beg him to stop so 
I just kept my mouth shut and looked on in horror as he unzipped my jeans. 
The bastard was really enjoying scaring me, and seeing that I wasn't begging 
him to stop, he proceeded to pull my jeans totally off me. "Oh, God, no!" 
I finally couldn't help it and had to beg him to stop, but of course he 
wouldn't. Laughing, and cheered on by the other guys, he pulled my jeans 
down to my knees. As Tom helped him by grabbing my arms tightly, Josh worked 
to pull my jeans totally off me. It was kinda difficult because I still 
had a pair of sandals on, and I was almost hysterical with fear and kept 
struggling.
    "That's right, you cunt!" Josh cursed, "scream and fight so that everyone 
in the street can see you!" That calmed me down a little bit, but I was 
still whimpering when he finally managed to pull the jeans off me, leaving 
me only with my thong. I hadn't changed it when I got home `cos I wasn't 
expecting anything like this to happen. "Hmm..." Josh murmured, " I see 
that our slut still has her favorite thong on, very sexy!" And the guys 
all laughed. "However," Josh said chuckling, "it would have to come off 
too!" "Oh, nooooo!" despite my pleads, he easily pulled the thong off. "Now 
slut!" he said as he grabbed my thigh, "you'd better be a good girl if you 
don't want me to throw your jeans out of the window! Understood?"
    "Yes, yes," I answered meekly. See that I was no longer struggling, 
Tom left go of my arms and grabbed my other thigh. He then lifted my thigh 
and rest it on his. Josh did the same and my legs were now widely spread. 
They returned their hands to my breasts, and their other hands began to 
fondle my thighs and rub my pussy. I was totally helpless, and I just closed 
my eyes again and let them continue. As they went on, my body began to betray 
me again, and my pussy was getting wetter and wetter. Then they shifted 
closer to each other and I was practically sitting on their laps. I imagined 
that I was now sitting so high up that people could easily see from outside 
that I was totally naked apart from the T-shirt hiked up above my breasts. 
They might even be able to see that the two guys were fingering me. As I 
thought of this, I got even hotter and my hips began to wriggle uncontrollably. 
I had to bite my lips to stop myself from moaning. "Holy shit! She's so 
wet!" Josh cried out, but these humiliating words only made me more excited,
 and I could feel a powerful orgasm building up inside me. But before I 
could come, the car came to a halt.




IX. 

I was so close to coming when Josh and Tom stopped fondling me, and I was 
gasping and trembling with excitement. I opened my eyes and saw that we 
had parked in front of a house, presumably Ben's. "Okay guys, it's party 
time!" Mark yelled excitedly as he jumped out of the car, and the other 
guys followed. I was mortified when I saw that Josh had taken my jeans and 
panties with him.
    "J--Josh..." I said meekly, "can I h--have my jeans back, please?"
    "Why?" He said grinning, "they'll come off real soon anyway!" and they 
all laughed. "Oh, Callie," Mark said laughing, "why don't you ring the bell 
and let Ben know we're here while we get the beers out of the trunk?"
    "Please!" I pleaded. Ben's place was on a quiet street but I was still 
afraid that someone might see me. There were several houses nearby and some 
of them had lights on. But my pleads only made them laugh more. "Well, we'll 
let you put you sandals back on, okay?" Tom said chuckling.
    "No!" I protested. "No?" Josh asked in mock surprise. "You don't like 
to put them on? Then maybe you want your T-shirt off too?"
    "Oh, no, no!" I stammered. Knowing that I'd better do what they said 
before we attracted any attention, I hurriedly put the sandals on and pulled 
the T-shirt back down. Fortunately they didn't stop me from doing that, 
but still I was totally naked from waist down. Then as they watched and 
laughed, I ran across the lawn to the front door of Ben's house and rang 
the bell.
    Perhaps Ben had seen what was happening from a window and was trying 
to make things worse for me, because he took like a million years to come 
to the door. I fought back the urge to squat down as I knew it would only 
get me into more trouble. My face was burning when Ben finally opened the 
door.
    "Hello, slut!" Ben said chuckling as he opened the door. "How're you 
doing?"
    "Er, f--fine, thank you," I stammered. He was blocking the door and wouldn't 
let me through, and he just kept on talking. "It's hot tonight isn't it?" 
he asked grinning. "Y--yeah," I answered. He was obviously enjoying watching 
me cringe in embarrassment, and I could clearly see the hard-on under his 
shorts. Finally the other guys came to the door and I let out a sigh of 
relief as I was finally able to go inside.
    Once the guys were inside, they proceeded to sit down in the living 
room and started drinking. I, still wearing only a T-shirt, was told to 
sit with them. First Josh made me sit on his lap, and while they drank and 
watched a porn video on TV, he began fondling me. My T-shirt was pulled 
up, and he toyed with my pussy with one hand while holding his beer with 
another. "Holy shit! She's soaking wet!" he chuckled. "Yeah? Let me see..." 
Ben said laughing as Josh lifted me and passed me to him. I was passed around 
like this for like half an hour, with them fingering me in my pussy or my 
ass, but they took care not to let me come. Whenever the guy fingering me 
noticed that I was close to coming, he would stop and wait until I stopped 
panting, then he would began again or pass me to the next guy. It was driving 
me crazy. I was squirming impatiently and moaning with frustration.
    The tape finally ended--I was too hot to pay any attention to its content,
 but at least I knew that it made the guys really hot too. When I sat on 
their laps, I could feel their hard-on against my ass. "So you wanna fuck,
 huh, you little slut?" Mark said as he rubbed my juices on my thighs.
    "Yea--yeah," I answered, gasping.
    "Well, come and get it then!" he said chuckling as he grabbed my hands 
and placed them on his lap. Obediently, I unbuttoned his jeans. He lifted 
his ass of the couch, and I quickly pulled his jeans off together with his 
briefs. "Wow! You can't wait slut can you?" He burst out laughing. The guys 
were laughing too, but I didn't care. All my attention was on his cock, 
which was rock-harder and pointing right at my nose. Quickly, I straddled 
him, took hold of his cock with one hand and began to lower myself onto 
it.
    "Aaaaaaaah!" I let out a moan of relief when his cock entered me. I 
lowered myself until it was all inside me. It felt so good to be finally 
filled by a cock after all that teasing. I put my hands on Mark's shoulders 
and began riding him, faster and faster. "Wow man!" Mark shouted, "look 
at her! You won't believe how hard she's squeezing me! She's a real slut!"
    "S---S---Slut! Ah! Ah!" I moaned incoherently as I approached a powerful 
orgasm. I closed my eyes, threw my head back and moaned loudly as I came,
 and I continued riding him until the waves of my orgasm subsided. Mark 
on his part didn't want me to slow down. Grabbing my hips, he guided me 
up and down, thrusting up to meet me every time I came down, and soon I 
could feel myself coming again. At this point I felt a finger poking at 
my asshole. As the finger thrust its way in, I couldn't hold it any longer 
and came again. I didn't know which of them was fingering my ass. Together 
with Mark, and using his finger in my ass, this person was lifting me up 
and slamming me down on Mark's cock. Soon my moans turned to cries, and 
I guess this was too much for Mark too, as he grabbed my hips roughly, thrust 
up to me, and pumped his load deep inside me.
    Immediately, I was lifted off him and laid on the coffee table. Ben 
knelt down between my legs and entered me with one deep thrust. I was still 
catching my breath after my orgasm, and when he entered me, my whole body 
trembled again with excitement. Josh knelt down behind him and the two of 
them manoeuvred until Josh's cock was pointing at my asshole. This was not 
the first time I was fucked by two guys and I knew what to expect. Lubricated 
by my juices, Josh eased into my ass slowly. Then Jake straddled my face 
and I opened my mouth obediently for him to insert his cock in. "Hey man,
 what about me?" I heard Tom said, but I could no longer pay attention as 
the three guys began fucking me together. Jake was the first to come. "Swallow 
it all, slut!" he gasped as he began shooting his hot cum into my mouth,
 "every drop of it!"
    After Jake pulled out, Ben said he was coming too and he wanted to come 
in my mouth. So he pulled out of my pussy, straddled my face and thrust 
his cock into my mouth. I could smell and taste the mixture of his pre-cum 
and my juices, and it was driving me crazy. As he filled my mouth with his 
cum, I also came, locking my legs around Josh. He began thrusting back and 
forth real hard until he came too, deep in my ass.
    As soon as Josh had pulled out, Tom came over. He turned me over and 
made me get on my hands and knees. As I struggled to comply, I could feel 
my arms and legs trembling. Without paying any attention to that, he entered 
me immediately. Grabbing my hips, he began pumping me vigorously. With all 
this constant fucking, I felt like my mind was blank. I could feel nothing 
but the cock in my pussy and the hands pawing my hips and my breasts. I 
felt something pressing against my lips, and I opened my mouth immediately. 
A semi-hard cock thrust in, and I opened my eyes and saw that it was Mark's. 
Again! I thought to myself. These guys are going to fuck me again and again! 
I felt like a real slut. I'm a slut! I screamed in my mind. I was incredibly 
turned-on by this thought, and I was coming like crazy, making muffled noises 
with Mark's cock in my mouth. Suddenly, Mark pulled out of my mouth. With 
my eyes still closed, I stuck my tongue out and blindly searched for his 
cock. "You want this huh? You little slut? Take it!" he panted as I felt 
drops of his cum on my tongue. I opened my eyes, only to be hit right in 
my left eye. I closed my eyes again in dismay, and Mark laughed as he shot 
another load onto my face, this time landing on my nose. "C'mon Tom," Mark 
said panting, "come here and give the slut a facial!" 
    Chuckling, Tom pulled out, stumbled over and knelt down next to my face. 
"H--hah! Ah!" I closed my eyes and moaned in expectation. Soon I could feel 
his hot cum hitting my face, and I opened my mouth wide to catch as much 
of it as possible. After Tom had stopped coming, I was still moving my head 
around, trying to get more. My nostrils were filled with the smell of cum,
 and I couldn't resist sticking my tongue out to lick the cum of my lips. 
This brought me even more degrading comments from the guys, but I didn't 
care. I was so hot that I just kept wriggling my hips even though no one 
was fucking me. When Jake approached, I eagerly took his cock in my mouth 
and began sucking him. When he was hard again, he pulled out of my mouth,
 went to the other end of the coffee table and laid me on my back. I opened 
my legs wide for him, hoping that he would enter my pussy, but he picked 
my ass instead. "God I just love her ass!" he chuckled as he entered me,
 "it's so goddam tight!" My ass was well lubricated by now and Jake had 
no difficulty thrusting back and forth. "C'mon guys!" he said laughing, 
"there's still vacany!"
    "Sure!" Josh said as he took his place in my pussy. He grabbed my breasts 
and used them as handles as he thrust back and forth. It hurt, but somehow 
it just hurt so good. I came and again, spread my legs as widely as possible,
 and arched my back to meet their thrusts. When Jake came, he pulled out 
and sprayed his cum on my breasts. I then rubbed it all over my breasts,
 squeezing my breasts real hard from time to time, and I locked my legs 
around Jake as he filled my ass with cum.
    I was exhausted after so many orgasms, and I fell asleep (or maybe I 
just passed out) immediately after Jake pulled out. When I woke up, it was 
already morning. Shit! I thought, Stacy must have been looking for me all 
night. And as I tried to get up, I realized that almost my entire body was 
covered with dried cum. It was really disgusting, and I was overcome with 
shame when I remembered what had happened the night before, and how I had 
reacted. I wanted to clean myself of all that cum and all memory of the 
night.
    "Morning, slut!" I jumped, turned around and saw that it was Ben. The 
other guys were still sleeping, lying on the floor or on the couch. "C---
can I just use the shower, please?" I asked. "Hmmm..." he said, and I could 
see a hint of a cruel grin on his face. "I guess not, slut," Ben said. "You 
see, the other guys are still sleeping, and we wouldn't want to wake them 
up would we?"
    "Please!" I begged, whispering. From what he said I could tell he had 
no intention of driving me home, so how could I walk home with all that 
cum on my face? But obviously this was no concern for Ben as me found me 
my sandals, T-shirt and jeans and told me to put them on. "Please!" I tried 
again desperately. "Shut up, slut!" Ben hissed as he grabbed my arm. "Just 
get dressed and go home or you'll be leaving without your jeans!" Holding 
my arm with one hand, he opened the door with another and, before I could 
say anything, threw me out.
    "Ouch!" I cried out as I fell on my ass. I was putting on my T-shirt 
when Ben grabbed me and now I was still half-naked. Blushing with shame,
 I quickly pulled my jeans and sandals on. After checking to make sure that 
no one was around, I sneaked across Ben's lawn gingerly.
    The feeling of cum sticking to my skin was disgusting, especially on 
my face. I walked hurriedly, hoping to get home as quickly as possible, 
but I didn't dare to run because I didn't want to attract any attention. 
Luckily it must be quite early because the street was all quiet. Then, as 
I approached a corner, I caught the glimpse of a man's face in the side 
mirror of a car parked in front of me. Oh God, I thought. My heart was pounding 
in my chest as I approached it. I couldn't see the man's face clearly but 
I didn't dare to look closer. I just walked straight tried to act as if 
nothing was wrong, hoping that the man wouldn't be able to see the cum on 
my face. I was getting closer and closer, then finally I walked past the 
car.
    "Callie Hayes!" All my blood was frozen when I heard my name called 
out. I was mortified. "Callie Hayes!" The somewhat familiar voice called 
out again, bringing me back to my senses, and I slowly turned my head around 
slightly, just to take a peek. It was Mr Tarver! I was stunned. Oh no, oh 
no...
    "Turn around and look at me, you whore!" Mr Tarver barked. I was shocked 
that Mr Tarver would talk to me like that, and I turned around like a robot. 
"Mr T---Tarver..." I stammered, not qute knowing how to continue. Mr Tarver 
opened the door of his car and stepped out, and I automatically took a step 
back, but he reached out quickly and grabbed my arm. "Where do you think 
you're going, you little whore!" He snapped.
    "No, Mr Tarver, you don't understand---" my protest was interrupted when 
Mr Tarver backhanded me. He hit me so hard that, if he wasn't holding me,
 I would have flown across the sidewalk. I was totally stunned by this brutal 
act and my mind just went blank. "I know what you've been up to!" He continued,
 "I've been watching you!"
    "I saw you get into the car with those boys!" Mr Tarver hissed, "I saw 
how you went into that house with them, you shameless little whore! So this 
is why you dress like that when you go to school, huh?" he demanded as he 
began shaking me, "and look at you now, you worthless slut!"
    I wanted to protest my innocence, to tell him that I was forced, but 
I was terrified by the way he looked at me. He was like a maniac, and I 
didn't think he would believe anything I said. "Get in!" He barked as he 
practically threw me into his car, "it's time you got what you deserve!"




X. 

After slamming shut the door on my side, Mr Tarver got in the car himself. 
"Mr Tarver..." I made one last attempt to explain the situation as he started 
the engine. "Shut up! You whore!" He barked and turned to face me. I was 
so scared that he was going to hit me again that I immediately shut up and 
curled myself up, trying to stay as far away from him as possible. He drove 
on without a word, and I just sat that, shaking quietly.
    We arrived shortly at what seemed to be his house. He parked inside 
the garage and dragged me out of the car and threw me onto the ground, then 
he went out as I struggled to get up. He came back holding one end of a 
gardener hose. Before I could grasp what was going on, he turned the hose 
on and immediately a cold jet of water hit me right on the face. "Urrgh!" 
I let out a grunt of dismay, closed my eyes and turned my head away, but 
Mr Tarver kept the water aiming at me. "Clean yourself up! Wash all that 
scum off you dirty slut or I'll do that for you!" Mr Tarver barked. Defeated,
 I began rubbing my face and washed the cum off it. "And the rest too!" 
Mr Tarver barked again, and I knew there's nothing I could do but to obey. 
My clothes were totally wet by now and, blushing with shame, I took them 
off and stood in front of my English teacher totally naked. "C'mon slut!" 
Mr Tarver ordered while eyeing my body up and down, "get going!" Reluctantly 
I began washing myself, rubbing wherever Mt Tarver was aiming his hose at. 
I jumped when the water hit my pussy, which brought me another series of 
abuse from him.
    "Stand still and wash that dirty cunt of yours clean, you worthless 
slut!" Normally I would be shocked to hear a teacher of mine talking like 
that, but now all I could think of was to do as he said. I kept washing 
and he kept spraying water on my pussy for ages, until he was finally happy. 
Then I was ordered to turn around. "Tell me, slut," Mr Tarver said panting,
 "is your ass as dirty as that fucking cunt of yours? I bet a slut like 
you has been used that way too! Answer me!"
    "Y--yes, sir," I whimpered. "I know it! I know it!" Mr Tarver was almost 
shouting. It was so humiliating when he told me to spread my asscheeks with 
my hand so that he could see more clearly, and he went berserk when he saw 
all the cum stains around my asshole. "Tell me slut," Mr Tarver asked panting,
 "how many times have you been fucked in the ass last night?" "Er---t--three,
" I answered hesitantly. I was so scared that I couldn't remember for sure,
 but that seemed to be the answer that he wanted, as there was now a lewd 
grin on his face. "And your cunt, how many times?" He continued as I washed 
my ass, "what about your mouth? And have you been fucked by several guys 
at once? How many?" It was horrible having to answer all these questions 
from this pervert who was my teacher, but he just went on and on. He wanted 
every detail of the night before, how it felt to have a cock up my ass, 
did the guy enjoy it himself and all that. He did ask me who the boys were,
 but seemed to be satisfied already when I told him that they were members 
of the football team so that, when I was still hesitating whether I should 
mention the name of the guys, he was already asking me another question. 
I guess all he wanted was something to fuel his imagination, and the fact 
that they were "guys from the football team" was already enough.
    It was still early in the morning, and by the time Mr Tarver finally 
finished his questioning and turned off the hose I was shivering. I looked 
around for something to dry myself with, but Mr Tarver didn't care. Instead,
 he told me to take my wet clothes and hang them outside to dry. "C---can 
I have something to put on, Mr Tarver, please?" I pleaded timidly. "What? 
You don't like showing off your body now? You enjoyed it so much in school!" 
He snapped. I let out a sigh and picked up my clothes, but Mr Tarver was 
still unhappy. "Listen you cunt!" He hissed as he grabbed my arm and twisted 
it, "you'd better show me some respect or you're in big trouble!"
     "Ow! Ow!" I cried out of the pain as tears went down my cheeks. "Ah,
 Ah! Please, Mr Tarver, I'm, I'm sorry! Please!" When he let go of my arm,
 I didn't dare say anything and just hurried outside. I saw several clotheslines 
next to the garage and went over there to hang my T-shirt and jeans up, 
leaving my sandals on the ground. Although I was between the garage and 
the wall and was partly hidden by the garage, someone could still see me 
from the front of the house, so I kept my body crouched down. When I was 
done, Mr Traver ordered me to get in the house. I headed back towards the 
garage but Mr Tarver pushed me away, which meant I would have to cross the 
lawn and enter the house from the front door. "I said go you useless whore!" 
Mr Tarver barked when he saw me hesitate. Not wanting to be hit again, I 
hurried across the lawn, with him following.
    Once we're inside, Mr Tarver dragged me to a table in the middle of 
the dining room. "Bend over, slut!" He hissed, "it's time you learn your 
lesson!"
    I resigned myself to fate and complied. I bent down and rested my elbows 
on the table. In this position I couldn't see Mr Tarver's face, but I could 
hear him panting, and there was some other noises too. I expected him to 
fuck me at any moment, but suddenly there was a "swish!" sound and Whack! 
I felt like my ass was branded by a hot iron.
    "Ooooow!" I howled in pain and turned around to see what was going on. 
To my horror, I saw Mr Tarver standing behind me with a long, thick wooden 
ruler in his hand. "Get back in your position! Hold still and take your 
lesson you slut!" Mr Tarver barked at me. He had a madman's look in his 
eyes, and I was really scared. I thought he was going to kill me, and was 
just too scared to do anything except to obey him. Biting my lip, I turned 
around and waited for the next stroke. Whack! I was hit again and I let 
out another cry of pain. Whack! Whack! Mr Tarver went on, and I felt like 
my ass was on fire. When he finally stopped, I was no longer crying out. 
I was just whimpering, with my body trembling with all that pain and my 
face wet with tears. For a long time nothing happened, but I could still 
hear Mr Tarver's panting. I turned around to take a peek, and saw that Mr 
Tarver already had his trousers undone, and was stroking his erect cock. 
When he saw he staring at him, he looked stunned and embarrassed. "What 
are you looking at, you slut!" He hissed, "turn around!"
    Not wanting to get any more of Mr Tarver's "lesson", I quickly turned 
around. Then I felt his hands grabbing my hip and the tip of his cock at 
my pussy, and we both let out a grunt as Mr Tarver entered me. Although 
I did come when I was forced to have sex with those guys, and although after 
even such a painful spanking with the ruler my pussy had still managed to 
get a bit wet, this time I didn't feel any pleasure at all when Mr Tarver 
was fucking me. I was so scared, and Mr Tarver was so rough. He fucked me 
forcefully, pushing my whole body forward every time he thrust forward, 
and he grabbed my breasts and squeezed them cruelly. I felt my breasts were 
suffering a lot more than they did in the hands of all the guys. What's 
worse, Mr Tarver was leaning on me, with his face real close to mine. He 
was panting and murmuring something unintelligible, and was also drooling 
so that soon my left cheek and the back of my neck were all wet. God this 
is horrible, I thought as I grunted under his forceful fucking. Then Mr 
Tarver began to increase his tempo, and I knew he was about to come. Soon 
he was moaning loudly, and then he held me tightly and I could feel him 
shooting hot jets of cum inside me.

    Mr Tarver was still holding me tightly after he stopped coming, and 
I felt so disgusted. Suddenly he pulled out completely, pushing me away 
at the same time, so hard that I bumped onto the table. "Oh no, oh no!" 
He whimpered, "You've seduced me! You whore!"
    Excuse me? I've seduced you? I thought angrily, but I was both too weak 
and too scared of him to retort. But Mr Tarver kept on talking, until his 
worked himself into a rage. "It's all your fault! I don't want to see you 
again!" He scolded me as he grabbed my arm and forced me to get up. "You're 
a slut and you need to be taught a lesson!" He said incoherently as he grabbed 
my chin and squeezed it real hard. "A lesson! You understand?" My eyes were 
swelling with tears again because of the pain, and I couldn't speak, only 
managing to nod a little. "You! You must come here every Saturday morning! 
And I'll correct your behavior! Is that clear?" He hissed, and I struggled 
to nod again. Finally, he let go of my chin, but while I was still rubbing 
my poor chin, he immediately pushed me towards the door. "Go away! Go away 
from me you dirty slut!" He said as he opened the door and pushed me out.
    I let out a cry of pain as I fell onto the ground, butt-naked. Immediately,
 I got up and ran for my clothes. They were still wet but I didn't care. 
I just wanted to go home and get away from this psycho. I quickly put on 
the wet clothes and almost ran all the way home.

    My hands were still shaking when I got home, and I was struggling with 
my keys when I heard Stacy's voice. "Callie!" I turned around and saw her 
running out of her house, with Pam behind her. Oh, no! "What do you think 
you're doing you little sl---" Her words trailed off when she came closer 
and saw my face. I didn't have a chance to look at a mirror yet, but I knew 
my face must have been bruised. "Ohmigod Callie what happened?" Stacy exclaimed. 
It was the first time since the "incident" that there was any concern in 
her voice, and I just couldn't hold back any longer and began to cry. "Don't 
cry Callie," She said as she wrapped an arm around my shoulder. She took 
the keys from my hand, opened the door and led me inside, with Pam following 
us, "tell us what happened."
    Stacy and Pam were certainly angered when they heard what the boys had 
done. Pam was going to say something, but Stacy stopped her and told me 
to go on. They looked incredulous when I told them how I was caught by Mr 
Tarver. "Tom Tarver! That scum!" Stacy exclaimed, "I knew he's a pervert 
but I never thought he'd have the guts to do that kind of thing!" Although 
she sympathized with me, Stacy was still cruel from time to time. When I 
told her how Mr Tarver hosed me clean and made me hang my clothes to dry 
naked, she grinned and said to Pam, "now that sounds interesting! Why didn't 
we think of that?" But when I told her how hard Mr Tarver had spanked me 
wit the ruler, she was concerned again and told me to take off my clothes 
to show her. Having to undress in front of Stacy reminded me of my ordeal,
 but I was still glad to get out of my wet clothes.
    Stacy and Pam gasped wide-eyed when they saw my ass. After the gangbang,
 my body was covered with bruises, especially my breasts, with all the constant 
pawing they had received, but they were nothing when compared to the welts 
on my butt. I didn't have a chance to look at them carefully when I was 
with Mr Tarver. But now, turning around, I could see part of the welts, 
which had now turned a horrifying dark-red. When Stacy reached out to touch 
them, although she was very careful, I still yelped and jumped with the 
pain.
    "I don't believe it, that bastard!" Stacy whispered, "what do you think?" 
she asked, turning to Pam. "That Tom Tarver is a piece of shit!" Pam hissed,
 "I'll never forget how he treated me!" "Yeah," Stacy agreed, "I think even 
Callie the Slut is too good for a scumbag like him! We have to do something." 
I was almost grateful when I heard that they were going to do something 
about my situation, but as the two of them went on, I realized that their 
plan was not going to be too pleasant for me, but of course my opinion had 
no part in this at all. As she went on, Stacy got more and more excited. 
Finally, she returned to that menacing tone when she talked to me, threatening 
me to cooperate with them completely. As if that wasn't bad enough, she 
warned me that, although they would call of this week's photo session, I 
would be punished for "collaborating" with their boyfriends. "Take good 
care of your sorry ass, slut," Stacy said smirking as they began to leave,
 "I want it fresh when I kick it myself!"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Road Runner


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





