BDSM Library - Bday Party




Bday Party
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: All her friends enjoyed to come to the girl's 25 birthday party. They will not let her off without a good birthday spanking. And there was more.
                       Bday Party

I had my 25th birthday on april 15th I had been a little pouty since Hubbie
never mentioned it but then the morning of my birthday he said, I am going to
take your Cherokee this morning so I can bring back the stuff from the caterers
and the presents that have been piling up in my office."

"Oh you are going to have a party? Thank you. I was afraid you had forgotten my
birthday."

"No way. I love you so much I remember the date we met, the date we fucked, and
the day you agreed you should have a whipping. Birthday is easy."

I couldn't say that. The first few months with Mike had been so thrilling it was
all a blur. I said okay, I'll get the house cleaned and the table set. How many
quests?

"Don't worry about setting the table. This will be a buffet. George and Marge
will be over about 6 to help you set up for the food and other things. I want
you to take a long nap this afternoon so you will be fresh."

"What other things?"

He grinned and said, "You didn't think I was going to let you off without a
birthday spanking did you? I want the spanking bench set up and the suspension
ropes."

I gulped as I felt myself getting wet and said, "Oh this isn't going to be just
an otk spanking is it."

"No. We did that last year and all you did was giggle. There won't be any
giggling this year."

I just grinned at him because I knew he would not hurt me real bad, At least not
more than I could handle. Besides George Marge, and him was only 75 spanks and I
knew they would spread them out to make it last.

We live on a cattle ranch where we raise Limosin cattle more as a hobby than
anything so we have plenty of room for a private airstrip. I was already
cleaning when I heard the plane take off. I took my time cleaning because I knew
once I had set up the equipment I would be excited and if I did it too soon I
wouldn't be able to resist masturbating and I didn't want to wear myself out.

I decided to take my nap before I set up the "other things" because after I set
them up I knew I would be too excited to sleep. I put on the rainy forest audio
tape that helped me drop off.

I woke about four and went out to the dungeon to get the spanking bench and lug
it back to our rec room.I pulled off the throw rug to reveal the recessed rings
and hooked the bolts on the legs to the rings to tighten with a wrench so the
bench could not fall over no matter what. Then I slipped ropes with padded cuffs
through the other rings to hold wrists and ankles.I like to have things so I can
be hooked up fast. We are not into tedious bondage. As far as I am concerned
bondage that takes a ton of ropes and knots is only good if you want to get an
"A" in your macrame class. As soon as I finished and stepped back to look at it
I felt excitement rising. Hubbie had really done a good job. The bench was just
right for me to lie over crosswise for spanking and lengthwise my head and butt
would be off it when I was tied face up so I could be fucked in my mouth and
pussy at the same time.

Then it was time for the other thing. Hubbie bought this huge ornate wrought
iron chandelier. I know the contractor thought he was nuts when he said he
wanted it anchored to hold at least 200 lbs more than it's weight so he could
be sure it wouldn't fall. When the contractor had finished he told us we could
hang one of our bulls from it if we wanted to.

The chandelier has two circles about four feet apart. I am sure the designer had
no idea what the circles would be used for. I got the kitchen stool and fed rope
through the circles with padded cuffs on the end then tied the ends to a wrought
iron plant holder that was bolted to the wall. I then tied ropes with cuffs to
other rings in floor to hold my legs way open.

Try as I might I could not resist taking off my clothes and gripping the ropes
as I stepped off the stool. I love the stretching feeling and it makes my body
look great. I felt myself getting wet so I let go and decided to take a walk to
calm down.

It didn't help that much. I kept seeing trees that would be ideal for bondage,
stumps to be laid over and fucked and all the branches, and blackberry vines
that could be so effective on my skin.

I went back to the house and began laying out instruments on the side table.I
make almost everything. I had a paddle a couple of feet long and six inches wide
with 1/4 inch holes in the paddle part which make pretty polkadots when used
easy and blood blisters when used hard. Next was my favorite whip. It is simply
9 leather bootstrings braided together to make a handle with thongs about 18
inches long which have randomely tied knots. Next was my tawse which is just a 6
inch strap which has been slit in two places to make three thongs. When used
upwards one thong hits each butt cheek while the center goes into the crack. On
pussy one for each lip and the center for inner lips and clit. Anyone smarter
than the average cabbage can make this stuff at a tenth of the price of sex
stores. I spread out a few more things then I went out and cut some willow
switches to place in an antique umbrella stand full of water to keep them
supple.

I went to change into a white silk embroided dress with slits up both thighs
almost to my waist that Hubbie loves.It is so thin and fits so tight there is no
way you can wear underwear without seeing panty lines and bra straps.

I was looking at the instruments and getting excited again when I heard the
buzzer signalling someone wanted through our electric gate. I checked the
monitor and saw George waving at me so pushed the button to let the gate slide
open. It automatically shuts again after the car passes through.The fence is
electrically charged because Hubbie lives in fear we may be outed and since he
likes to take me outside naked for "Punishment" he doesn't want someone
wandering in. Our town is so uptight I can imagine them coming to our place
waving torches like an old Frankenstein movie.

George and Hubbie have shared girls since they were teenagers so there is no
problem with jealousy and Marge loves variety They both have old money and have
never worked in their lives. They travel the world looking for new thrills. I
let them in to receive my big hug and kiss then Marge thrilled me by sliding her
hand up from my crotch to my boobs as she said, "I see you still have the nice
tight tummy I love to make vibrate."

"Yeah. The last time you made it vibrate it was red for hours."

"Yes, and I remember how it made you sweat and pant as you worked yourself up to
an orgasm"

I blushed remembering how they loved seeing my red sweating body glistening in
the light as shudders let drops of liquid fall from my crotch.

I said, "Don't remind me it is making me hot and we have work to do."

She helped me put on the tablecloths while George got the bar ready.I said I am
so surprised to see you. I thought you were still in England"
 
"Oh we were but when George called Mike to see if he wanted some authentic
english shool canes he told him about the party. We would not miss this for the
world. We caught the first jet out."

"Gee I feel so flattered. You would cut short your vacation that way."

"It is alright little one. I know you will make it worth the trouble."

A little shudder ran through me knowing she would not travel this far for a
small event.

Just as we finished we heard our airplane and we rushed out to the strip to meet
him. When the door opened We saw Jonathan and Marie. I rushed to hug them
remembering one of the most thrilling times of my life.(see Vacation3).
She hugged me tight and said,"Oh God allene! We have missed you so much! We have
never found a girl as brave as you. Except of course for me."

I was proud of the compliment but it also reminded me that Jonathan and she
would be testing my courage.  

I turned to help unload the pane and to my surprise saw Pete with a strange
girl. He said, I am so happy to see you Allene. I want you to meet my wife
Joan. She was a pretty darkhaired girl with a slim body. She reminded me of one
of my e-mail friends Sherri12.

She gushed, "Hello Allene. Gee you are even more beautiful than Pete described.
I love that dress It shows off your lovely figure. Is it true you are going to
get a Birthday spanking from all of us?"

I was taken aback for a moment realizing that my 75 spanks had just grown to
175. I kinda moaned, "Yes I guess so. You won't hurt me too much will you. I
have found women have a tendency to be meaner than men."

"Oh no! I don't want to hurt you much. I mainly just want to see it. Maybe I
will let you get even with me." Pete laughed and said, "I heard that!" She
blushed and said "You mean thing. I know you would enjoy it."

Pete dropped back to help lug in a huge cooler and I joined him to say,"Pete is
it alright for Joan to be here. I thought you told me she was not into this sort
of thing."

"I didn't think she was. She caught me giving a girl an i/m spanking and
scrolled back up to see the whole thing. Rather than getting mad she said
'Wouldn't you rather do the real thing with me?"

"I could barely believe it and told her I had never had the nerve to talk to her
about it and she explained that she was given a bare bottom spanking by an uncle
when she was 13 and never forgot the thrills that ran thriough her body. I
spanked her and that night we had the greatest sex since our marriage. Later I
told her about you and to my surprise she went to the desk and got a flexible
plastic ruler then took off her clothes and laid on her back on the dining room
table and said that she wanted to see what the front felt like. I hit her easy
but then she began moaning that I should hit harder and faster. After we made
love she said that that was the first time in her life she had four orgasms.

"I called Mike to see if he would be interested in having a foursome and he told
me about your Birthday party. Joan has been like a kid awiting Christmas ever
since."

We went back to the house and laid out the cracked crab, huge filet of salmon
and assorted salads and breads. Mike brought out a few bottles of his best white
wine. We had a normal dinner discussing the food and what California wannabes we
were being with our health food. Then George and Marge talked about their
travels.

After dinner Mike said he woulkd make some french 75's for after dinner drinks.
They are made with gin,champagne, kalua and cream. They taste like a chocolate
soda but they will knock you on your butt. While drinking them Marge told us how
she had gathered BDSM items from each country. Leather bondage from Germany,
Leather whips from Spain and Italy and english canes from England. She giggled
and said"I know now why the kids never got more than '12 of the best,' those
suckers really hurt!"

Joan was just listening intently and little shudders went through her body as
Marge described her purchases in detail. she asked for another drink and Mike
said"Ok but that is it, These suckers create an awful hangover if you drink too
many. We will switch to Whiskey or whatever."

There was a lull in the conversation and Mike said, "I think it is time for
Allene to get into her birthday suit."

Pete and George applauded and yelled "Oh Yeah" Jonathan said, "God I have missed
seeing that great body."

It isn't all that great I am little at 35C, 23, 34. but I do stay nice and firm
thanks to an hour of aerobics everyday that Mike loves to watch me do naked.

I ignored the compliments as I realized getting naked was bringing me very close
to the longest ordeal I have been exposed to. I whimpered, "So soon? It is still
early."

Mike said, "We plan to take our time. Don't argue with me!"

That threw me into my submissive mode and I said quietly, "Yes Sir."

He turned me to face the group then unzipped the back of my dress and slowly let
it slip down revealing me inch by inch to the staring eyes of both men and
girls. When it got below my freshly pucked pussy he let it fall to the floor
where I stepped out of it on the 5inch heels it had taken me so long to be
graceful in.

"Okay check her out gang. Decide on the part you are most interested in."

They gathered around me to fondle my body and thrills began running through me.
George squeezed a butt cheek and said, "I have made my choice." Jonathan gripped
and pulled on the other and said Me too.

Joan lightly carresseed my breasts and said, "These are lovely."

Marge just grinned at me and slid her hands up slowly from my crotch to my
nipples.

Marie said, "I think I will just spread them around." Pete agreed.

Mike led them over to the array of instruments and said " The instrument you
choose will determine the order you participate. Ass instruments first. I will
take this since since I know how hard it may be used."

I gasped as he picked up a flat rubber strap I had found at Eagle Hardware that
was normally used to hold down things.It was 18 inches long about 2 inches wide
and a quarter inch thick. It stung but mainly it created impact because of it's
weight. It could lift my buttcheeks and make my boobs jump up to my neck.I
always get wet shopping at hardware and houseware stores.

Marge as I anticipated picked up the leather flogger which is six leather straps
abut an inch wide sprouting out of a handle. I made it simply by supergluing the
leather to a piece of wood closet rod. It stung and would cause welts.

Pete Got a switch and grinning said, "I have some experience with these."

George picked up the cane and said, "I was taught by an expert in the use of
this." I groaned knowing it would cause terrific welts.. Some of you have seen
them in my pic.

Marie picked up the whip I had made by braiding nine leather bootlaces to make a
handle then tying random knots in the 14 to 16 inch thongs. It made delicious
skinny stripes with little red blossoms. I smiled at her.


Jonathan picked up my tawse. A leather strap six inches wide with two splits
to make three tails. It had been used for my worst spanking caused by being
impatient to get on line and using AOL's 800 number to run up a $300 bill. Some
of you have seen my picture showing the results on my poor butt.

Joan said, "I don't want to hurt her." and picked up the horsehair whip. This is
simply a horses tail I had attatched to a broom stick with several wraps of fish
line. With it you kind of create your own punishment. It just makes a light
sting dry but when it slides through your slit and gets wet it hurts a lot more.
Like a dry or wet towel.

They stood around fondling their instrument as fear and excitement built in me
then Mike said, "Okay. We will start with the worst because I want her to be in
a state of ecstasy at the end of the night. Jonathan. Strap to butt and inner
thighs. George. Cane to butt and back of thighs. Pete. switch to butt, thighs
and lightly to mound, tummy and breasts. Marge. Flogger anywhere you wish. Marie
bootlace whip on pussy tummy and breasts. Joan. All to pussy and breasts. Then I
will show you how to make her flesh dance with the rubber thong. Rules are, 1.
Hit nowhere it could be seen when she is wearing a short skirt or peasant
blouse.2. If any blood shows stop immediately. I do not want her scarred.3.
After you are through you must give her pleasure by gentle massage with our
salve and sex. Understood?"

Joan said, "Oh I have never been with a girl. Is it alright, Pete?"

Pete said, "Sure Darling. I have had fantasies of you and another girl."

"Then I will abide by the rules."

Mike said, "Fine. Allene are you ready?"

I said hoarsely, "Yes Sir."

End part one.




                           Bday Party 2

I was already trembling in the usual combination of fear and excitement when
Mike said, " You hate the cane don't you Allene?"

"Oh yes Sir. It stings terribly and leaves awful welts."

"Good it will be first. George you have the honors."

I whimpered, "Please George. Not too hard. You know it hurts too much to excite
me."

George grinned and said, "Don't worry Allene. I don't want you passing out on
us. Can you take it untied or should we hook you up?"

"Oh. Tied I guess. I have never had more than 12 and had to stand up and rub to
stand them. With 25 I may run away."

George and Mike buckled my wrists and ankles. I knew that rounded my butt even
more and allowed my pussy to pooch out behind between my open legs.

When they were done George said, "Okay start the count."

I gulped. This is a mixed blessing. Counting allows you to recover since you can
set the cadence but it is a bitch to have to ask for another.

I screwed up my courage and said "One."

He brought the cane down just below my tailbone and the sting seemed to go deep
into me. I couldn't resist letting out a yip.

When the sting subsided a little I said "Two."

He brought it in to me just a little lower than the first. It stung just as bad
but my excitement was beginning to increase so it was bearable. I don't want to
bore you with a description of each one I will just say that excitement
increased as he slowly worked down my butt until he hit at the juncture of my
thighs and butt. That let the cane sting my protruding pussy lips that hurt so
much excitement left. I screamed and whimpered," I can't count anymore.That
takes my breath away. Just get it over with fast!"

I got no sympathy. He hit twice more across my pussy fast before he went down my
thighs. At the end I was blubbering but then Mike gave him some of the marvelous
salve he found in a herb shop and as he carressed it on my welts the stings
began to subside to be replaced with throbbing and excitement started coming
back.

When he put it on my pussy he laughed and said, "She is better. She is wet!"

I guess he loved my position because he just dropped his pants and pushed his
dick into my pussy. I love it when men do it standing up because they seem to be
able to last longer, I was able to get a marvelous orgasm.

I was released then laid out on the couch belly down where everyone could admire
the welts and caress some more while I sipped a drink of whiskey through a
straw.

The caresses reawakened my excitement and I was able to say, "I think I am ready
for round two."

Mike said, "Okay. Jonathan that is your cue."

That meant the tawse. It can be bearable or awful but I knew Jonathan liked me
so I was sure he would not hit too hard.

Jonathan said, "Do you want to be tied for this?"

"No. I think I can take it."

"Okay. No counting I can tell when you are ready for the next one. I want you on
hands and knees with your nipples on the carpet.

I giggled and said, "You teaser." He knows I love to rub my nipples on our
thicknapped rug to stimulate them.

I got on my hands and knees then leaned down to brush my nipples on the rug. I
was stil wagging my shoulders back and forth when I heard a "Swish" then the
impact of the tawse drove my boobs into the carpet. A tawse is much different
than a cane. It is so thick you get more impact and less sting that jerks your
ass cheeks up. He continued to spank as my nipples became hard from the rug and
I was about to cum when he said, "Open your legs."

I did and he brought the tawse up between my legs to make the outer thongs hit
my cheeks while the center splattered on my wet pussy. This caused an explosive
orgasm. He continued them by rolling me over to lick my pussy and then crawled
around to lay his hard dick on my face. We 69nd until I was nearly exhausted
from orgasms and his dick buried deep in my throat began to spurt.

I sat up and looked around and realized the other girls were tired of being left
out. Joan was sitting on Pete bouncing on his dick while Marie was sitting on
his face. George was butt fucking Marge so they could watch my spanking. Marie
was sucking Mike while he spanked her ass with his belt.

After they were all done we drank some more. They offered to put salve on my ass
but I told them I wanted to keep the sting and throb for awhile.

Now it was more of a party since now everyone was naked not just me.The guys
loved the variety of girls. Marie looks a lot like me only dark hair, Marge has
smaller but firm boobs, Joan looks like a budding 15 year old Her tits are round
and have absolutely no sag and her waist is slim. Unfortunately she has the flat
butt of fashion models.

We drank talked and fondled for awhile then I suddenly realized the worst was
over. From this point on I was sure I would get orgasms from my "Punishment." I
said "I am ready for round three if anyone is interested"

There was a chorus of "Yeah!s" and Mike said. Okay it is Pete with the switch."

Pete said "Great! I want her hung up just like she was at my place."

I love being suspended. The strtching feels wonderful and I love the compliments
since it makes my body look so great. My tummy sinks in so much you can see all
my ribs. I ran over to the ropes and held out my hands and opened my legs to be
close to the ankle cuffs. They must have been anxious to see me that way because
four of them ran over to buckle on the cuffs.

Mike and George got the ends of the rope and pulled on them until my toes left
the ground before tying them off.

Pete said. "I want you striped and sweaty all over."

I guess there is something really sexy about seeing a girl wet and glistening
because there was a chorus of "Yeahs".

He started with three on my back. They stung but for some reason being hit on my
back does not excite me. I guess because it is too far from an erogenous zone.
Then he moved to my butt and thighs and that was better I began to pant and
sweat. It is kinda hard to take deep breaths suspended.

He moved to my front and hit the outside of each boob then back and forth at the
cleavage to make them sway then one up from underneath to make them jump.
Finally one across both nipples that threw me into orgasm.

He began making horizontal striped down my tummy and finished up by hiting
upwards on one lip of my pussy at a time while I screamed in orgasm. He finished
with one right up the slit that stung my anus and clit at the same time which
created a monster orgasm

I was so exhausted when they let me down Mike had to carry me to the couch for
me to rest up.

Mike bought a bunch of popsicle molds to fill with water and put in the feezer.
The original idea was to put them in my ass and pussy but I found it was not a
real turn on. It just makes you ache.

He got them and passed them out saying, "Here rub them on the welts. it will
shrink the welts and they may not bruise."

Two of them grabbed my ankles to pull my legs back to raise my butt then they
all began tracing the welts with the ice. It stopped the sting almost instantly
and really felt good. It worked too. The welts shrunk and I had very few bruises
the next day. Keep it in mind the next time you are welted.

By that time I was totally exhausted so Hubbie said, "I think she has had it. We
can save the rest for tomorrow. It is fun to be able to play out doors. In the
meantime let's play strip poker."

Joan was confused, "That sounds silly. We are already naked."

Mike explained that the men would get dressed and the girls would get different
color chips. When a girl lost she would throw a chip in the pot. When a guy lost
he would take off something. When all the guys are naked the girls will get a
lash with the instrument of her choice for each chip lost."

Joan said, Oh. Wow! that sounds wild!"

Mike took that as agreement and the men began putting their clothes back on. I
got another drink and stood up to watch.

It is a no brainer game. The dealer just deals out five cards face up and the
best hand wins. In this case there would be one winner and six losers with each
hand. Since all the guys are Doms they would never lose a chip but after naked
could continue to play and possibly win until last guy naked.

To make a long story short Marie lost twenty,  Marge lost twenty one and Joan
lost eighteen.

Then they cut cards to see which girl would be first, second and third and cut
again to see who would do it with high card first girl, next to second etc.

George lost and said, "Oh well I can play with Allene."

I knew that eventually he would be fucking me doggy style so we could both
watch.

Joan was first girl, She said, "Gosh I have only been hit with hands and a
little flexible plastic ruler. I think I will choose the horsehair whip."

Mike said, "Do you realize that it is just meant for pussy and breasts?"

"Yes it is ok. Pete has used a ruler on them."

I was glad Mike was to use it because he knows just how hard and where to hit to
bring a girl to ecstasy.

They took her to the ropes and pulled her up. She kept saying higher until her
toes were off the floor and the ankle ropes were tight. She began to pant and
moaned"Oh it makes it hard to breathe."

Pete stared at her and said in awe, "God you are so beautiful darling."

"I know. I can see myself in the mirror."

Mike began a pattern of boobs, tummy and pussy. Soon she was red all over and
was glistening from her perspiration from straining against the ropes. On the
last six he brought all of them up from the floor and through her slit open
enough to see the inner lips. The whip got wet which I knew made it hurt more
but she just made little moans as her tummy pulsated from orgasms.

They took her down and when she got her breath she said, "Oh God. I thought this
was just for foreplay. I can't remember orgasms that powerful."

Pete offered to make love to her but I guess she thought it would be
anticlimatic because she said," Later. I am too tired now.

Marie was next and said," I want the holey paddle. I know it makes nice
polkadots. I want to be loose. I will change positions to expose new areas. You
can hit me on all the fleshy parts but not my pussy. Hard wood on the pubic bone
is too much."

Marie is real flexible she went over to wall to keep her balance then bent over
to grip her legs with her arms and flatten her boobs against her legs. She
shuffled over to wall until back was against it. He hit her butt and thighs
until they were solid polkadots then shuddering she got up to face him and put
her hands behind her head to moan, "Tummy and boobs."

He had enough left to cover them too and Marie attacked him throwing him on his
back on floor so she could sink on his dick and begin gyrating like crazy. So
much her red boobs were swinging from side to side.

Marge left, I assumed to go to bathroom, but came back with a fraternity paddle
saying, Use this. I love impact. Don't worry about bruises. I love being
bruised. The pain lasts longer. All 21 on my butt. Tie me over the spanking
bench."

God I would have hated that. Her butt skin would actually make a roll from the
impact and soon her whole ass was maroon which I knew would turn purple later.
She didn't care though. She ran to the front door to get our straw Welcome mat
and sat on it for her fucking to keep the pain alive.

By then we were all exhausted so we just talked about prior experiences for a
while and went to bed.




                      Bday party 3

We were pretty exhausted so slept in. I awoke to the smell of Bacon frying and
out of habit slipped on my robe and went to kitchen.

I went out to see Joan making breakfast.Hubbie bought a huge restaurant gas
stove.It has six burners plus a large grille. She had a couple of pounds of
bacon sizzling on the grille and was opening packages of hash brown potatos.
Pete must like her looking young because she was wearing a babydoll nightie with
pictures of Tweetiebird on it. I had to laugh since it was so out of character
from my last view of her suspended and whipped.

She said, "I hope everyone is hungry. I am starved." She blushed and said, "I
got a lot of exercise last night."

"Yes you did. How do you feel?"

"Oh fine. I must have tough skin. See?"

She lifted her nightie to show that her tummy and boobs were just a healthy
pink.

"No. I meant how do you feel mentally? I know this was your first time with
others watching."

"Oh God, Allene. It was the most exciting night of my life! It was almost like
my fantasy of being whipped in public. except in my fantasy there are hundreds
of people."

"Jesus We are alike! I have had that fantasy since I was a kid."

Then the rest started wandering in "Marie looked at the bacon and said "I am too
hungover to eat anything. Anyone else like a bloody mary?

We all agreed and after a few of them we were ready to eat the huge breakfast.

After breakfast we just sat around feeling a little logey while exchanging
experiences. Marge said that in Germany they had run into a pimp that offered
them a 16 year old girl to whip or do anything they wanted. She said the girl
was unreal. A real honest to God masochist.Even after her butt boobs and pussy
were bleeding in places and really swollen the girl was moaning, "More." During
the whole ordeal she was untied and never tried to protect herself.They got to
feeling guilty though at that point and said that was enough. Then the girl
knelt and said, "Please pee on me." That was disgusting to Marge and George so
they just left her money with a big tip and left.

I looked at Joan. She had a kind of funny sick look on her face and was kneading
her breasts through the nightie.

The story prompted Mike to say, "That reminds me. We still have to finish
Allene. I thought it would be fun to play outside since it is nice and warm.

They decided I should be a slave girl so they tied a rope around my wrists and
led me though our woods looking for a good place to hang me.

I was already excited and got more so when we went by the anthill Mike had
staked me out by, then dribbled honey from it to my pussy and up my tummy to my
nipples.I don't reccommend it. Those red ants really bite and it leaves an awful
rash. If you do try it though one percent cortisone cream will get rid of the
rash in about 12 hours.

We went by some blackberry vines and Joan said, "God. I wonder what they would
feel like as whips?"

Mike said, "We tried them. The needles are not long enough to make deep
punctures like rose branches but they will scratch you and make you sore a long
time."

Joan said wonderingly, "Oh I would feel that all the way home."

Mike grinned and said, "Yeah."

They finally found two dead trees in a clearing they thought were ideal.They
threw two ropes over the limb of each tree to cuff to my wrists and then pulled
my legs open to tie them to the trunks. They just pulled me up on my toes which
allowed me to stretch but still support some weight with my feet.

"Mike said, "Ready Allene?"

I said excitedly, "Oh Yes!" Marie had used my little bootlace whip on me before
and I knew she could bring me to a screaming orgasm.

Mike grinned and said, "I think we will tease you awhile by letting you wait a
bit to bake in the sun."

I felt cheated. My standing there all spread out beginning to sweat under the
hot sun excited them and and they began making love while I watched.

Finally they finished and began drinking beers they had brought in a cooler.
Marge felt sorry for me and gave me drinks of beer which was really appreciated
since I had become parched. She gently stroked me while I drank. My skin is real
white and this was my first time in the sun since our trip to the carribean so
my skin had begun to redden and was covered in a sheen of perspiration.

Marie then came over to hit my tummy, boobs and pussy with the whip. It stung a
lot more than usual with my hot skin but the feeling is so wild when she brings
it upwards into my slit to let the knots drag over my clitoris I was in
screaming orgasm by the time she finished and hung there limply exhausted.

Four of them carried me over to our pond and threw me in. The cold water stopped
the sting instantly and woke me up. Then they joined me for a skinny dip. We
swam and sunbathed awhile then Joan said, "Are you ready for the horse tail
whip? I know just how to excite you with it since my experience."

"Yes. I don't need to be tied for it. I can stand it without changing position."

"Oh but I want you tied. I know just how I want you."

"I grinned at her and said, "Oh you are learning to be a meanie."

They led me back to the trees and Joan told them to tie me spread open upside
down. The advantage to this is your legs are much stronger than your arms so the
pull does not hurt but the diadvantage is that the blood goes to your head to
eventually cause a throbbing headache and also You don't have the luxury of
fainting if it gets too much.

She gave me about ten on my tummy and boobs that just made a delightful stin but
then began hitting down on my pussy and dragging the hair through my slit and
over my clit. I soon made it worse by getting the whip wet and stings from my
anus to my mound soon had me swinging my hips as the stings brought me to a
fantastic orgasm.

Watching me moan as my tummy pulsated from orgasms excited hubbie and George
enough to fuck my pussy and mouth at the same time while the others watched
cheering them on.

We rested awhile then Mike said, "Let me demonstrate one of the things you can
get at any large hardware store."

He was talking about the flat rubber cord I had bought at Eagle then removed the
hooks. I had mixed feelings about it. It made a great impact but it did bruise a
lot.

They took me back to the tree and Hubbie said, "Just tie her loosely. I wasnt
her body relaxed as much as that beautiful body can be loose."

I grinned knowing he loved the body I worked so hard to keep firm.

He said I will only give her a few becuase this sucker can really bruise."

He started with my ass. He gave me two upwards to each cheek that caused deep
pain and I was later told caused my ass cheeks to raise so high they made a
wrinkle at the top. Then he gave me one to each pussy lip which really hurt
sicnce they pinched the lip against the bones. Finally two upwards to my breasts
which lifted them to my neck and left them throbbing for hours.

My birthday spanking was over. God next year it goes from 175 to 182.

On the way back Joan stopped at the Blackberry vines and said, "I have to know
what these feel like."

Pete said, "I won't do it.I have no idea how hard to hit, I may scar you
forever."

Joan said, "Mike. Will you do it? You have done it before."

I said, "Joanie, You will be sore a long time."

"I know but if he just hits my front I won't have to sit on it."

Mike said, "Well okay but it has to be entirely voluntary. Put uour arms on your
head and open your legs. If you take down your arms I will stop immediately."

She put her arms on her head immediately even before Mike had a chance to cut
off a four foot length of vine and scrape off the needles where his hand would
be.

Joanie is too much! She screamed and cried as it left abrasions on her whole
front but never took down her arms. Mike finally quit when drops of blood began
to appear. She slumped to the ground and began kneading her red pussy and boobs
until she let out a deep moan and fell back twitching.

We watched kind of stunned until she calmed down and moaned. "I could have taken
more."

Mike said, "God! Pete is going to have to take care of you like I do Allene to
keep you from being too badly hurt."

She grinned and said, "I know Pete will take care of me."

We went back to the house where I gave her a cool shower and put cortisone cream
on her in case she got an allergic reaction as I had, although she said she
weanted to keep the sting all the way home. It took the whole tube.

                                                  THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





