BDSM Library - Marcie's Birthday




Marcie's Birthday
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Girls shared their fantasies and their passions. At Marcie's birthday party, guys and gals added more thrills to a normal party.
MARCIES BIRTHDAY by allene
alb21335@aol.com

Hi gang, STORY FOR ADULTS WITH KINKY MINDS.
Story contains nudity, spanking with little dress belts, sex. If you are
looking dor simple otk spanking skip this one. you were warned.




                                   MARCIES BIRTHDAY

 She was my best friend and we had always shared secrets. She had told
me how she had played "Doctor" with her boy cousin and had been thrilled
to get naked and be fondled by him in spite of the fact I might not
approve.

    She was jealous of my bigger boobs so after I made her promise to
tell no-one I told her the experiences I believed made me blossom. I told her
everything. The sex and even the spanking and whipping. She was thrilled
by the descriptions of sex and agreed that being tied naked and helpless
would be exciting but could not believe spanking or whipping could be
exciting since her only experience with spanking had just been painful.
She even agreed sucking a boys cock would not be bad after I explained that
there was no bad taste. Like sucking your thumb except it made men
fantastically excited.

    One weekend when I was at her house and her folks were out shopping
I suggested her boobs  might swell if I spanked them. She was a little
frightened at the idea of the pain that would cause but finally agreed
and got one of her Dad's belts.

    She took off her top then put her hands behind her head while I hit
them hard enough to make them tremble and turn red while she made little
squeals with each lash till she panted, "It is working! I can feel them
swelling! Hit them harder!."

    This was really making me excited because I could imagine how it
felt. I was afraid I might hit too hard but she never complained while they
got redder and redder till she stepped back and sat on the floor. She
gasped, "They feel bigger and super-sensitive and I have a tingling sensation
that goes clear to my crotch."

    I told her that was natural and for her to play with her pussy
while I joined her. We pulled our panties to one side and began to play with
our clits. She began to pant then said, "I can't get over! Having you watch
me is embarrassing me."

    I told her I would help her and replaced her finger with mine while
I nibbled on her nipples. She had a great orgasm but it worried her.

    "Oh Jill! That felt wonderful but does that mean we are lesbians?"
I told her that was silly. If we were lesbians we would not like boys and
she knew how we loved boys.

    She agreed but also reminded me that we had never made love to one.
She said she had been willing a couple of times when she had been alone with
a couple of boys but they had both got scared to go further than just
feeling her boobies and pussy. They didn't even do that long enough to get
 her really excited.

    I agreed boys our age were really stupid and that we would have to
make friends with older boys. This was not easy. The older boys just thought
younger girls were silly and pretty well ignored us.

    I noticed that four boys seemed to be a little bolder. They not only
commented on how cute our bodies were they would sometimes give us
playful spanks on our butts.

    One day Jim, the boldest of the four told me his folks were going
away for the weekend and asked if Marcie, my friend, and I would like to 
come over and help them drink beer he had been taking one by one from his
Dad's supply and watch rock videos on his cable TV. I had an inspiration.

   Marcie's birthday was only two weeks away. I suggested that we make
it her birthday party. I suggested he invite the other three bolder guys he
ran with. I had a plan. I knew how excited Tom had become from spanking me
and thought if they gave Marcie a Birthday spanking they might get excited
enough to want to make love to us.

    We dressed in bulky sweaters and mini-skirts but once we were away
from home we stopped at a rest-room to put the sweaters in my book bag and
put on t-shirts we had cut off just below our breasts. I had planned ahead
by bringing a staple gun. We pulled our skirts down below our belly-buttons
then used staples to hem up the skirts till they barely covered our
butts.

    We both had nice flat tummies and thought we looked really sexy. The
boys agreed too. They whistled and had us twirl in front of them to let
them glimpse the tiny bikini panties we had found at Target.

   I had told Marcie I planned to have them give her a birthday spanking
since that had been a kind of tradition in her family and didn't hurt.
She agreed.

    We sat on this huge sectional couch with a boy on each side of us
and sipped on beers while watching videos, by the second beer the boys were
getting bolder and began touching our thighs. When we did not complain
they began to touch our breasts and I decided it was time to really turn
them on by announcing it was time for Marcie's birthday spanking.

     She was all for it when I told her that it would excite the boys
but now reality set in and she got embarrassed and said blushing that she
didn't want to do it. The boys loved the idea and kept pushing for it.
She finally agreed when I said I would let them spank me on my birthday.

    She agreed giggling, then they had her lean over the back of the
couch. This was a great idea because her half-shirt slid down to expose the
lower curve of her breasts. Marcie either did not notice or did not care.

    The boys cut cards to see who would be first. Bill won but he just
kind of patted her on her butt on top of her skirt that had hiked up enough
to show the crotch of her panties. It obviously did not hurt at all because
Marcie just giggled through the twelve spanks. I said he did not know
anything about spanking and took off Jim's belt and handed it to him
then flipped Marcie's skirt up on her back. Marcie squealed but made no
effort to pull it down again. I told Bill the first spanking did not count
and to try again. He did not hit hard but the belt was enough to make Marcie
yip at each spank among her giggles.

    When he had given his spanks I said, "Let's see how he did."
I pulled Marcie's bikini panties up into the crack of her bottom baring
her now pink cheeks. Marcie squealed and said "Jill! You are
embarrassing me!" But she made no effort to pull them out and when she 
twisted to say that, her half shirt settled down further to bare all of her breasts
while she clenched her legs together and pressed into the back of the couch.

    It made it more exciting for all of us when Mike began hitting down
on her cheeks to make a checkerboard pattern because now we could see
her butt tremble when hit and the red lines left by the belt. I could tell
it was getting to Marcie too. She had stopped her yips and giggles to just
moan at each lash and she was twisting her upper body to make her nipples
drag on the rough cloth of the couch.

    When the third boy, Tim. began laying on stripes it became obvious
to everyone Marcie was excited. Bill said excitedly, "Jesus Jim. She is
getting off on this. Look! The crotch of her panties is soaking wet."

    Jim just nodded. I don't know whether Marcie heard him or not but I
doubt it.

    She was panting and trembling as she pushed her tits into the couch
to drag her nipples.

    It was now Jim's turn. He began rubbing Marcie's red burning buns
then said, "This is the last set Marcie. Should we make it special?"

    Marcie moaned, "Yes, oh yes."

    Jim told Bill to go around to her front and pull off her shirt and
hold her arms around his waist. While Bill did that Jim unsnapped and
unzipped her skirt then pulled it off her along with her panties. Jim began
pulling her legs apart. She resisted at first but by then Mike and Tim were
rubbing her breasts. She relaxed and let Jim pull her legs apart.

     Jim began swinging the belt upward leaving lines from her thigh to
the center of her butt. Marcie made low moans then arched her back to kiss
Bill's stomach. He let go of her arms to unzip and drop his pants. He
was not wearing shorts so his hard dick pushed into her neck.

   She brought down  her face and sucked it into her mouth still moaning
and pulsating while Jim  began to bring the belt against her pussy while the
other boys mauled her little cute tits.

    I was so excited I pulled off my clothes and grabbed Jim the minute
he stopped hitting her to pull him to the floor while I straddled his dick.
Mike went to Marcie's back to fuck her from behind just as Tim pulled my
head to the side to put his dick in my mouth. In what seemed a few
seconds Jim was grunting and bucking under me. I felt his dick begin to 
soften just as Tim flooded my mouth.

    By then all the boys had cum and thanks to the spanking so had
Marcie. I just felt frustrated because I had just come close without getting 
the release I needed.

    We all cuddled on the floor naked till we could breathe normally.
Then Marcie said, "That was fantastic but it was not at all what I imagined
for my first time."

    Bill said, "Really? This was your first time? The way you took my
dick in your mouth I thought you were really experienced."

    "No. I just saw a picture of a girl doing it in one of my uncles
dirty magazines and wondered what it would be like to do it."

    That confirmed she would keep my secret because I knew she didn't
have an uncle.

    "So how did you like it?"

    "It was kind of gross when your stuff shot in my mouth but it did
not taste bad and I was so excited from the spanking and Mike's dick in me 
I just didn't care."

    Jim said, "The spanking really excited you didn't it."

    "Yeah. It was strange. At first it just seemed silly then I was
embarrassed when Jill bared my cheeks, after that it really hurt for
awhile but then it began to give me thrills through my whole body. I am mad 
at Jill though. She said that it would just be a little birthday spanking I
expected to be on top of my clothes. If I had known I would be naked and how much
it would hurt I wouldn't have done it. My poor bottom still stings."

    I said, "Yeah but you ended up loving it. Besides you were just hit
on your butt. That is no big deal." She did not argue although I knew some
of the spanks hit her pussy. She must have been so excited she did not
realize where the belt was landing. She did not like the idea of me saying 
it was no big deal.

    She retorted, "Oh yeah. You are so brave. Your birthday is almost a
year away. By then you will probably try to weasel out of it."

    "No I won't! I am brave! For my spanking I will let them hang me
from this beam in the ceiling like the picture in my history book so one can
hit my butt while another can hit my tummy and boobs. I didn't get my turn.
I will let you have a turn too."

    "I don't believe you. If you are that brave you would let us do it
today. You know you might not even be around here a year from now."

    "I am too that brave. I will prove it. I will take the thirteen
spanks from all of you now and do it again on my birthday. Since you think 
you had to suffer you can spank my most sensitive places, my pussy and my
boobies. We will see who is brave!"

    The boys cheered and agreed I was really brave. Jim sent them out to
the garage to get some rope. I told Jim to get a towel or something to
put around my wrists so the rope would not cut them. Marcie was really
impressed, "God. You have a lot of guts. They will really love seeing your
big boobs bounce when hit. They may not hit them easy like you did mine."

    About then the boys came back in with rope and Jim had me hold out
my wrists while he wrapped the towel around them. When the rope had been
wrapped around my wrist they threw the rope over the beam and pulled
down on it to lift me off the floor. By then I was super excited and became
even more so when after I was hung up Jim pulled my t-shirt over my head and
wrapped it around the rope then slowly pulled down my skirt and panties
to leave me hanging there naked. They all agreed my body looked wonderful
hanging like that and gathered around me to feel my tight tummy and
uplifted boobies.

    Anticipation and excitement kept building as they cut cards to see
who would be first to last. They decided that since there were more things
to hit on my front the first in line would give five on my butt then move
to my front to give the last seven while the next in line did my butt.
After the first five I would be getting lashes on my front and back at the
same time. I didn't worry about it since their belts were just light dress
belts and had just turned Marcie's butt red.

   I did become apprehensive when Marcie said, "My legs were apart. If
we don't get her legs apart we will never be able to spank her pussy."

    Jim said, "That is no problem. We have gobs of rope. Two of them
knelt to tie rope to my ankles then pulled my legs wide apart and tied the
ends to heavy furniture. I felt a coolness at my slit and realized that my
pussy had opened and the coolness was from a breeze evaporating the liquid
wetting it.

   Then Marcie said, "Since I am not as strong as you boys I will just
hit her pussy and boobies."

    They agreed as long as she moved to last position. I moaned, knowing
that by the time Marcie had her turn my boobs and pussy should be really
sensitive.

    Like with Marcie they did not hit very hard. My skin got red and
there was some sharp pain when the tip of a belt would hit my nipples or
pussy but it was mostly pure excitement. It was even possible to close my
eyes to fantasize about being tortured by Nazis to give up my secrets.

    Just as I was going into a series of orgasms there was a pause. I
opened my eyes to see Marcie standing in front of me holding the thickest
belt and the boys on each side of her with excited looks on their faces
while they fondled their hard dicks.

    Marcie hit the outside of my left breast to make it jump violently
and begin a burn to make heat run down my tummy to my pussy then she
backhanded my right breast even harder. I squealed and moaned. Marcie said,
 "You aren't so brave. You will be screaming before I finish."

    "I looked at her defiantly and moaned, "You won't make me scream.
You won't!"

    The boys cheered and then cheered again when she swung the belt
around as if she was a softball pitcher and buried the belt into my sensitive
pussy and clit. She must have loved the cheers from the boys that lacked
the nerve to really hurt me because she put all the rest of the lashes
on my gaping pussy or nipples. It hurt awful and I had to clench my teeth
to keep from screaming.

    Jim made it worthwhile by plunging his dick into my pussy seconds
after she stopped lashing it to bring me to a glorious orgasm.

    Mike laid on his back to pull Marcie down on his dick while Bill
pushed her forward in order to get his dick in her butt. Tim pulled her
head to one side to push his dick in her mouth.

    We spent the rest of the afternoon hugging, fondling, fucking and
sucking till the boys could not get hard again.

the end




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





