BDSM Library - Barbie




Barbie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The ambitious girl fresh out of college and uses sex and submission to get to the top.
                             BARBIE
                               BY
                          ALLENE BLAKE


    I was ambitious and was pretty proud of myself. After only
two years after college I was promoted to assistant office
manager. I didn't try to fool myself though. I knew that being
pretty and having a great figure had helped a lot. I wore mini-
skirts and either low cut blouses or tight sweaters with no bra
since my boobs stood up proudly without one enjoying the stares
of my boss and it paid off. 
    When his assistant quit when she got pregnant to become a
full-time mother he promoted me over other girls that had been
there longer. 
    I didn't disappoint him. After the promotion I hiked up my
skirt when I sat in his office to let him get glimpses of my
panties and would bend over a lot to let my blouse loosen over my
big boobs. 
    One day I had a stiff neck and he said he would massage it
for me. It felt good and I didn't object even though he would let
his fingers slide down to the upper part of my boobs.
    That got me a raise and from then on he would massage me
almost every day. Until one day he said he was being promoted and
may suggest having me replace him. I told him I would love that
and in gratitude while he massaged me I pulled his hands down to
let his fingers play with my nipples.
    He began to pant then went over to lock the door and pulled
down my blouse to slide down my bra and began squeezing my boobs
and nipples. Then he said, "Take off your skirt."
    I said, "Will you really recommend me?" when he said,
"Definitely!" I got up and slowly slid off my skirt and then my
panties enjoying watching him sweat then we made love. It wasn't
very good. He wasn't very appealing with his bald head and paunch
and he just dropped his pants and shorts to lean me over the desk
to enter me from the rear and plunge into me until he came.
    He fucked me about every other day for a couple of weeks and
never did satisfy me then he had me come into my office and told
me that he was leaving the next day and that they had ignored his
recommendation and was bringing in a man from a field office. I
was crestfallen and when he touched my boobs I pushed his hands
away and cried, "You promised!" I ran to the bathroom to cry and
when one of the girls came in to ask me what was wrong I told her
that I was not going to be promoted as promised. She totally
humiliated me by letting me know everyone knew what I had been
doing by saying snottily, "I guess sex doesn't always work."
    I was so humiliated I almost quit but the next day I met my
new boss. He introduced himself as Robert Bowman. He was
beautiful with a good body showed off in his Armani suit with a
craggy handsome face like Clint eastwood.
    He also gave me hope by telling me that he would not be there
long as he would be promoted to vice-president of marketing when
that man retired in a month.
    I began to tease him too not just for a promotion but also
because he was very appealing but unlike my other boss he didn't
sneak peeks and was very business like. Even when I told him I
had a stiff neck he just reached in his desk and handed me some
aspirin.
    I began to think he may be gay until a beautiful girl came to
my desk to ask me to announce her to him for their lunch date.
    That just made me think I was not pretty enough for him and
gave up. 
    Then out of the blue he said that he had to go to a
convention in San Francisco and asked if I could go along to take
notes and help him with his presentation. He said it would not be
all work as we would be on full expense account and there were
some cocktail parties.
    I was thrilled at the idea since I had never been out of town
and naturally agreed.
    The plane ride was the first opportunity to talk to each
other. I told him that he must be proud to be up for a job as
vice-president since he was so young then he said, "Well to be
honest there is some nepotism involved. My father is chairman of
the board but you should be proud to make assistant so soon. It
probably didn't hurt for you to be so beautiful. I know your old
boss was a letch."
    I blushed afraid he might know I had fucked him but when I
said, "I try to work very hard." he let it drop.
    Then I said, "Speaking of beauty your girl-friend is
gorgeous."
    "She isn't my girl-friend, just a friend. I will probably
never get serious about a girl since I am an old-fashioned guy
who just wants a woman to please and take care of me and all the
girls I meet now are feminists who just want to be partners in a
relationship."
    "Oh I am not that way. I just work to make as good a living
as I can. My Mom never worked and was totally submissive to Dad.
They have always been happy and have remained married for thirty
years while all their friends who both worked are divorced."
    That seemed to interest him and he said, "Really? I have had
other girls say that but when it came down to it they always
wanted to negotiate."
    "They didn't really love you. If I really loved someone he
could do anything he wanted."
    "Really? Wouldn't you feel humiliated being treated as a
child?"
    Humiliation reminded me I had submitted to my old boss just
for a chance of promotion so I could say honestly, "No. It would
make me feel secure that someone would want to take care of me."
    He let it drop to discuss his presentation and I felt proud
he asked me if I had any ideas to improve it although I couldn't
think of anything.
    We were met by a limousine and since we had a lot of time
before the cocktail party Robert had the driver give us a tour of
San Francisco. Then we had dinner at a chinese restaurant. He
seemed to approve when I asked him to order for me.
    When we got to the hotel he told me to put on a cocktail
dress and he would pick me up in an hour.
    I showered and made up my face then since it was a business
meeting put on a bra, panties, a garter belt and dark stockings
before putting on my nicest dress that hugged my figure to show
off my flat tummy and round butt.
    He showed up a little early and I turned in front of him
hoping for compliments as I said, "Do I look alright."
    He asserted his dominance by saying, "The dress is nice but
your underwear is making bulges and with your nice tan you don't
need stockings. Go take them off."
    I went to the bedroom and took off everything then slid the
dress over my nude body. It was a revelation. I had never gone
without underwear before and I could feel the dress rubbing my
nipples and sliding on my butt as I walked to make me feel super
sensual.
    He liked the look and told me he never wanted me to wear
underwear again. I said, "Oh I won't. It makes me feel really
sensual."
    He made me proud at the party introducing me as his beautiful
assistant and I noted all the men gave him a lot of respect and I
enjoyed the women looking at me jealously.
    We danced a lot and I loved the feel of my body held close to
him to rub my nipples on his chest and the lump in his crotch as
he pulled me into him with his hand on my butt.
    By the time we returned to our adjoining rooms I was very
excited and agreed instantly when he asked if I wanted a night
cap in his room.
    I let him know how I felt right away by hugging him and
giving him a deep kiss then slid off his suit coat and began
loosening his tie.I realized this was not going to be like any of
my other encounters when he stopped me to say, "I want to see
you. Step into the center of the room and slowly remove your
dress."
    This was strange! Before I had removed my clothes while in
the process of kissing and being felt. This seemed embarrassing
as he just sat on the couch and said, "Proceed."
    I blushed feeling like some lewd stripper but as I slowly
revealed myself his appreciative comments on my beauty made me
feel proud. When I was naked I started toward him but that wasn't
enough for him. He had me pose bringing more blushes as I
followed his directions to open my legs and stretch then bend
over while he took off his clothes. finally he was naked too
which made things seem more normal as I went to him. 
    He was a wonderful lover taking his time to kiss me and
fondle me all over to bring me to the peak of excitement and then
he did something I had only heard about. He kissed me all down my
front and then stuck his tongue in my pussy to let it flutter on
my clit until I was in orgasm and begging him to fuck me.
    I had three or four orgasms before he finally came and I was
so grateful I slid down his body to kiss and lick his now
softened dick in spite of the fact it was wet from my juices and
his cum. It didn't taste bad and I loved watching his face to see
his smile and occasional grimaces as I licked an especially
sensitive spot around the head then I put it into my mouth but to
my surprise he told me to stop as we should be rested before
making love again.
    He said, "Let's have another drink while we watch a movie."
    He made us a drink then put a tape in the VCR.
    It was deja vu. A pretty girl turned on some music and then
began doing a slow strip while he sat on a couch watching avidly.
The strip seemed to excite her even more than him and when she
was naked she said tremulously, "I need you. Please make love to
me!"
    I expected him to jump up to go to her but he just said
softly, "You know what makes me excited."
    She whimpered, "Please. Do I have to?"
    "Only if you want orgasms."
    She saw he was not going to relent and walked over to a wall
to pick up a leather strap that she handed to him with a sniffle
then laid over a huge footstool. 
    He began spanking her with the strap! I watched incredulously
as she gasped and whimpered as her buns became red but then she
changed. She began to moan and push back her butt to meet the
strap while she squeezed her breasts into grotesque shapes. Then
she made a loud moan and he stopped. I thought it was all over
but she turned over and he began spanking her stomach, breasts
and even pussy. Even that didn't seem to hurt her she just
stretched her arms behind her head and began pushing up her pussy
until she made another loud moan and begged, "Now. Please now!"
    He dropped his pants to reveal a huge hard penis and plunged
it into her as she continued to gasp and moan until the film
ended.
    I was stunned! I continued to stare at the snow on the screen
until he turned it off then said, "Do you think you would do that
for your lover?"
    "Oh it looks like it would hurt awful although she seemed to
get used to it but I would really have to be in love."
    He just said, "I see. It is getting late. We had better get
some sleep. The door to your room is right there."
    I was really disappointed I had hoped to sleep with him but I
left feeling like a child dismissed from adult conversation.
    The next morning he was friendly but distant and
businesslike. It was as if our night together had never happened.
He just discussed business and largely ignored me. The meeting
was over in the early afternoon and I was afraid he would just
leave me so I said, "I thought I may buy a new cocktail dress you
would like. Would you go shopping with me?"
    To my delight he said, "Yes. If I like it I will buy it for
you."
    I knew it would be sexy when he told the cabbie to go to
Frederick's of Hollywood. I had seen their catalogue and had
giggled over it with my girlfriends as we agreed only sluts would
wear such things.
    At the store the salesgirl didn't seem surprised when he
followed me into the dressing room. When the door closed he said
matter of factly "Alright. Take off your clothes and we'll see
what looks good."
    I shouldn't have been embarrassed since he had already seen
me naked but the salesgirl watching made me blush and then even
more when he came over to me to say to the girl, "As you can see
she has nice round breasts that do not need a bra, a nice flat
stomach and a great round ass. I want a dress that will show off
all of them." It seemed even worse when he invited her to feel my
boobs and tummy and butt to show how firm they were. He had her
put several dresses on me rejecting them for one reason or
another. When I said I liked one he said, "It isn't important
whether or not you like it. I am the one who will be looking at
it."
    He finally chose one I could never wear in front of my mother
or my friends. It was made of a thin clingy material that would
have showed a pimple. It had a vee front that reached below my
navel and barely covered my nipples. I said, "Oh. I am almost
naked."
    He said, "Yes. Almost naked will make you feel sexy."
    "Oh but I will be embarrassed to have strangers see me."
    He gave me a disgusted look then said, "Okay. Put you old
dress on and we will forget it."
    "No. If you like it. I will wear it."
    He smiled and I was happy I had pleased him. Then he said we
would go have some coffee. I blushed for awhile seeing the men
stare at me but then when he said he was proud that other men
were so impressed I began to feel proud too and sucked in my
tummy and pushed out my boobs to look even better.
    At the coffee shop I was the center of attention and he said
I was beautiful which seemed to be confirmed by the avid stares.
    He said,"How do you feel?
    "I guess you were right. I thought I would be embarrassed
being so exposed but now I feel sexy and kind of like a
celebrity. I guess I must be more of an exhibitionist than I ever
imagined."
    "Yes I thought I recognized that in you."
    Then he said, "Have you thought about the movie we saw last
night?"
    "I haven't been able to think of anything else. It frightened
me but as I thought about it I realized that it must not have
hurt her badly since she became as excited as the man. She must
have been very brave to allow it to happen without knowing how
much it may hurt."
    "Do you think you could be that courageous?"
    "Yes I think so. At least once just to see what it would be
like."
    "Good. In that case we have more shopping to do."
    He left some money on the table then led me outside to a
taxi. He told the cabbie to take us to a leather shop. He took us
to a sleazy part of town that had a lot of strip shows and stores
that advertised XXX videos and books. We went into a store that
had mannequins in the windows wearing tiny leather bikinis and
harnesses and men in leather jeans holding whips.
    I couldn't help but notice scores of magazines and video
covers showing nude or nearly nude girls being spanked or
whipped.
    I was suddenly embarrassed again knowing anyone seeing me in
there would know I was interested in this perverse activity but 
followed docilely as he led me to a back wall festooned with
paddles, straps, quirts, bamboo canes, and whips.
    A clerk appeared and said, "She is lovely but she seems
embarrassed. Is she new to this?"
    Robert said, "Yes so we won't want anything too severe. I
thought I would let her pick out something."
    He turned to me and said, "I don't think paddles or straps
are especially sexy since they just remind you of childish
spankings. A whip would be better. Don't you agree?"
    I blushed and said, "I guess so. I hated being spanked as a
child."
    "Yes. You have a beautiful firm body that is made for a whip.
I have a full line from these plastic thongs which is just a toy
to a very severe Cat of Nine Tails which you may never enjoy." 
    I blushed again at his assumption I would enjoy being whipped
since I believed I would only submit to this to prove I was
willing to please Robert.
    I said, I guess the toys would not prove anything but I don't
want to be badly hurt. Could you suggest something?"
    "Yes. This should be good. It will sting and turn you red but
it shouldn't bruise you."
    He reached for a whip with four leather thongs about two feet
long coming out of a handle. He said, "Feel it. The thongs are
nice and soft but it can sting as much as you want."
    I felt the soft oiled leather and when I imagined it hitting
me I felt excitement rather than dread."
    Suddenly I remembered I was doing this to please Robert and
said, "Would this be alright Robert? I want to please you."
    "Yes. It should be fine."
    The clerk said, "Perhaps you should have these wrist and
ankle cuffs. They are padded so your wrists won't be chafed and
if you are bound you won't have to concentrate on being still."
    That appealed to me. I was afraid I wouldn't be brave enough
to just lie there as the girl in the movie had and also it would
allow me the illusion of being forced to accept it.
    I said tremously, "Oh Robert. Can we get them too?"
    "Yes and some rope."
    The clerk put everything in a large sack then we went back to
the hotel.
    When we were in the room Robert took off his coat, tie and
shirt to reveal his muscular hairy chest then told me to take off
my dress and shoes. I stood there naked wishing I could be worked
up to my coming ordeal when Robert evidentally understood and
came over to hug me against his chest while saying, "I love you
for agreeing to suffer for me."
    I began to think of myself as a martyr to love and vowed to
be brave as he fondled me to increase my excitement.
    He said, "Get the sack and come into the bedroom."
    I got the sack then stood in the bedroom trembling in a
combination of fear and excitement awaiting his next command.
    He made it obvious that I was a willing subject by telling me
to buckle the cuffs on my wrists and ankles. When I was done he
snapped a hook into the rings of my wrist cuffs then threw the
rope over the chandelier to pull me up tight. I began to tremble
even more as he snapped other ropes to my ankles to pull my legs
apart and tie the ends to the bed and heavy dresser to stretch me
even more. He walked up behind me to fondle my breasts and
stomach as he said, "Look at yourself in the mirror. The stretch
makes you look fantastic."
    I looked in the mirrors on the closet doors. He was right! I
had never looked so good. My breasts were high and proud and my
tummy was tight as my waist shrunk. I also looked obscene with my
legs so far apart my slit had opened to show the pink inner parts
but that just added to my excitement. He continued to fondle me
and I whimpered, "Will you make love to me afterwards so I can
forget the pain?"
    "Yes. You will be rewarded with fantastic orgasms. For
maximum excitement only erogenous zones will be stung. Now say
Please whip me."
    By then I was so excited I genuinely wanted to feel the
stings and said, I hoped bravely, "Please whip me."
    He began hitting my butt-cheeks. It stung but was not
unbearable and then as he hit lower at the junction of my thighs
the stings seemed to travel through my body to awaken my
clitoris. As it went on excitement leaped until to my own
amazement I gasped, "Oh! Do my front!"
    I felt the lash come across my stomach as I watched it redden
in the mirror. Seeing them hit just increased the excitement more
as my body reddened slowly up toward my boobs and down toward my
pussy. Then one came across my boobs that stung much more but my
gasp was caused by an orgasm. Then my pussy was stung to bring on
another orgasm to bring on another gasp and my begging, "More!
There!"
    Lash after lash fell diagonally across my pussy to let me see
the lips shudder in the mirror as even stronger orgasms rocked my
body like explosions. 
    He dropped the whip to say, "Now for your reward."
    HE dropped his pants to bury his dick into me while he pulled
on my red tender butt. It kept my orgasms going but it seemed
anti-climatic after the fierce excitement of the leather.
    When he came he unsnapped my ankle cuffs and then my wrist
cuffs. I was so grateful for the most exciting experience of my
life I slid down his body to let my tingling nipples rub on his
hair then kissed, licked, and finally sucked his dick which was
miraculously still hard until he let out a little scream as his
dick spit cum in my mouth.
    We were both so exhausted we just collapsed on the floor
panting until we recovered enough for him to pull me up to get
into bed.
    He was really grateful. He kissed and hugged me telling me he
loved me and even went down on me, licking my clit until I had
another sweet orgasm.
    When he went on telling me that I was wonderful and that he
would make me very happy it occurred to me that my submission
which had only brought fantastic excitement had also given me
power over him.
    My life is now wonderful. He had me quit the job that would
have been a dead-end to move in with him and he spoils me
constantly with gifts, clothes, jewelry, and vacations. In return
I only have to submit to whippings and spankings which he thinks
are a sacrifice on my part because he can't tell the difference
between my great orgasms and pain. 
                             THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





