BDSM Library - The Club




The Club
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The girl wants to be accepted in the new school and she goes thru severe hazing to join the club.
THE CLUB by ALLENE

                                                        THE CLUB 1
                                                       ***********

Dad got transferred and I had to go to a new school a lot different from my old
one. My old school was in a small town where everybody knew each other and the
school was small enough for the teachers to give me a lot of help.  I didn't kid
myself about being too bright. The kids used to love to tell me outlandish
stories which I would believe until I repeated them and was laughed at.

It wasn't like they were being mean I guess I was just an easy target by being
so gullible.

Even when I was little boys would come to me when we were in a private place and
say, "This is white pantie day. Are you wearing white panties? Most of my
panties were white so I would say, "Yes." He would say, "Let me see." Not
knowing there was anything wrong with that I would pull up my skirt to show him.
He said, "Good if you were wearing the wrong color you would have to be
spanked." That scared me. Mom's spankings really hurt.

I believed him and asked which color was on which day and he gave me a list of
the color for each day. I went home to Mom and said I need new panties. When she
asked why I suddenly remembered she had got upset when she saw me twirling in
the front yard and yelled, "Quit showing off your panties in public!" That made
it seem alright in private but since i had pulled up my skirt in the schoolyard
it may be "public" so I lied and said they were too tight. She agreed I was
growing and we went to the store. I brought out my list to make sure I had the
right colors. When she asked about it I said I wanted a different color everyday
to be sure I was changing them. She went along with that saying, "Good idea I
noticed sometimes in the weekly wash you only have three or four pairs in the
basket.

From then on I checked the list everyday to make sure I had the right color.He
must have spread the word because now more boys asked me and I always pulled up
my skirt proudly to show I had the right ones.
Suddenly I became popular. Boys that had never paid any attention to me became
friendly.

Then one day four boys were playing in the park when I walked by. the boy that
had first asked me stopped me to say, "Are you wearing the right color? When I
said yes he wanted to see but I said, "No. this is in public."

He said, "No problem. I know a private place. Come on guys."

They ran over then he led me down the street to an abandoned building out all by
itself. I wasn't worried because I was sure I had the right color but that day I
was wearing a jumpsuit and knew in order to show them I would have to take it
off leaving me only in the panties. Mom had yelled at me for running around in
the yard in just my panties but then I realized our yard was open which would
make it publiic.

They gathered around me and Tom said, "Okay. Let's see."

I unzipped it then let it slide down to the floor. I blushed when one of the
boys said, "She is growing up. Look she is getting boobies." They were just
round bumps but I had been watching them grow and had stood in front of the
mirror to feel them and wonder if they would get as big as Mom's.

This time it was not a quick look. they walked around me to see from every
angle. "One of them said, "Well they are pink alright." but then Tom poked me in
my lower tummy and said, "Yeah but what about this?" I looked down to see him
pressing on a red flower just above my pubic bone."

I said quaveringly, "But it is just a little of the wrong color." hoping I could
avoid the spanking.

Tom said, "Yeah maybe we should give her a break. Just five spanks instead of
ten." Another said, "Yeah five apiece."

It ddn't take me long to figure that added up to twenty and I whimpered, "Oh
gosh twenty? Mom never gives me more than ten."

Tom said,"Don't worry. For first offense they won't be hard." I was so dumb I
thanked him for giving me a break.

Then he said, "Naturally you can't be running around in the wrong color panties.
Take them off."

I hesitated. Mom had always pulled down my panties for a spanking but this was
when it was just her and me. I had never been naked in front of boys before. I
decided it was okay since we were in private and pulled them down to step out of
them and the jumpsuit.

Tom said, "Okay we have to pick the perfect place to spank you." it didn't occur
to me that they were stalling to keep me naked as long as possible.

Tom led me around looking at boxes and benches but none were just right until he
noticed a pole on the floor.They began gathering wood crates to lay the pole
over so it was waist high. then told me to bend over it. I began to whmper
knowing the spanking would start soon. I braced myself for the pain.

A palm came down on my buttcheek. To my surprise it was just a light sting
nothing like the pain of Mom's hairbrush. The sting came to my other buttcheek
but no worse and I felt relieved. The stings continued with slight delays as a
new boy took his turn but it was never bad and I noticed a feeling that had
never happened with Mom. My butt became real warm but not hot like Mom and the
stings seemed to radiate to my crotch giving me almost the same feeling as I got
when I played with the little nubbin at the top of my slit.

Suddenly it was over and I was sorry it was because it seemed to be leading to
something wonderful.

I stood up noticing but not caring the boys had moved from my rear to my front
staring at my little slit as I trembled in excitement. until Tom brought over my
jumpsuit saying, "Naturally you can't wear the wrong color panties. I put them
in your pocket."

I slipped them on as Tom said, "You are a brave girl. You didn't even cry."

"Uhhuh.Thank you for not hitting too hard."

"Thats Okay but remember second offense will be worse."

I walked home feeling the seat of the jumpsuit moving on my bare tingling bottom
all the way home. Mom was gone and I went to my room to look at my butt. It was
red but the red was fading fast again not like Mom.

I laid down on my bed and my chenille bedspread seemed to increase the tingle
and my finger went to my nubbin. I rubbed it as I squirmed on the bed until
suddenly I felt this fantastic feeling. I knew it was the feeling I had come
close to during my spanking.

That went on for a couple of years. I am ashamed to admit now that sometimes I
deliberately wore the wrong color. The spankings did get worse but the boys were
smart enough not to hurt me so much Mom would notice I had trouble sitting. On
the second spanking I saw the boys had made changes in the building. The pole
was now bolted to two big posts and they had added soft ropes to the foot of the
posts, "To keep me in place" That pulled my legs widely apart and I knew they
had a great view of my crotch but that just added to the excitement. They went
from hands to a ping pong paddle and finally a willow switch but never too hard
so Mom would be alerted.

I didn't find out the whole thing was bogus until we started gym classes and I
saw girls in the locker room in panties of all colors.

I confronted Tom but he just said, "Don't be mad. You know you enjoyed it."

It was true and I knew I could never tell anyone about it. To tell the truth I
was kind of sorry I found out because I was never spanked again.




                                                   THE CLUB 2
                                                  ************

My new school was huge and no-one seemed friendly. Ther were thirty kids to the
class so I seldom got help and had trouble keeping up. Thank God Mom started
helping me at home.

I tried to make friends but was pretty well ignored. I was the new kid and the
rest had been there for years. At my old school I was considered pretty and got
a lot of attention from boys especially now that I was fourteen and my boobs had
grown to 34C. In the new school I looked plain since Mom would not let me wear
makeup. All the other girls made up to look older than they were while I looked
immature.

The whole school was divided up in cliques. There were the black kids, the
spanish kids, the nerds, the brainy ones, and the fat and homely. I didn't seem
to fit anywhere.

Then I noticed a group of boys and girls that always sat at the same table at
lunch. My Dad was making good money and dressed me well and this group also
dressed in nice clothes rather than the grunge stuff the other kids seemed to
prefer.

I worked up my nerve and went over to their table but I didn't know what to say.
Finally one of the girls noticed me standing there and said haughtily, "Who are
you and what do you want."

I stammered, Nnnothing. I guess. I am new here and just wanted to mkae friends.
You guys seem most like me."

She said, "We have all the friends we need."

I really felt low but then one of the boys said, "Hold on Sandra. She is kind of
pretty. Let's hear her out."

Sandra kind of sneered at him then said, "Why would we want you as a friend?"

"Well we dress alike and my Dad is the manager at Nordstroms. I could get you a
discount."

That intrigued her but then she said, We aren't just friends. We have known each
other for years and have formed an exclusive club. You must have noticed we are
all white, well off financially and about the same age. You must be a freshman
you look about fourteen."

"Oh I see. Kind of like my cousins fraternity. They were real picky and even had
an initiation to make sure he fit in."

"Really. Tell me about it."

"Oh they live in a big nice brick building and they call themselves brothers and
pledge to always support each other."

"No silly. I know what a fraternity is. Tell me about the initiation."

"Oh. Well he said he had to go through Hell Week and it was pretty bad but he
was proud he was brave enough to go through it to become a Brother."

"No dummy. I want details. What did he say about Hell Week?"

"Oh he didn't tell me everything except it was embarrassing because he was only
allowed to wear undershort when in the house and had to do whatever the Brothers
wanted and the worst was if he did anything wron they would swat his behind with
a big paddle."

"What did you say your name was?"

"Oh I didn't say. It is Patty. Patty McCorkindale."

"Well Patty. You are right we are a kind of coed fraternity and naturally have
gone through the initiation."

One girl looked at her quizzically and said, "Huh?" another girl hit her
shoulder and said, "Shut up and listen."

I thought maybe the girl was surprised Sandra was giving out this information.

Sandra gave her a dirty look then turned to me saying, "I don't know Patty.
Naturally we will have to discuss your worthiness. Are you sure you would be
willing to go through Hell Week? If you fail we would have nothing to do with
you."

"Yes I think so. My cousin said it was worth it and if all of you did it I think
I can."

"You have to be sure. We don't want a quitter. I warn you now you will be
embarrassed like your cousin and also feel pain."

I gulped remembering my cosin had said there were times he was too sore to sit
but I looked at her with what I hoped was a sincere look and said, "I am no
quitter. If you can do it. I will."

"Alright if we decide to accept you you will be our slave for a week at my Dad's
summer home."

I hadn't thought about going anywhere.I said, "I don't know if my parents will
let me go for a week."

"No problem. I will work that out. Is that the only problem?"

The idea of being a slave was kind of scary but if they could do it I was sure I
could. I said, "Yes. If my parents say it is okay I will go."

"Okay. Go away. it may be some time before we make a decision but if we decide
to allow you in we will have Hell Week during Spring vacation so
you won't lose any school."

That was three weeks away.I was told not to bother them until they made their
decision. They made me wait a week then Sandra came to me to say
"Congratulations. We have decided to accept you as a pledge."

They began to give m a taste of the good life right away with rides to school in
their nice cars and joining them for dinner in great restaurants. Their
billfolds were full of credit cards and since we had a discount in Nordstroms
Sandra insisted she buy a nice blouse for me. When I tried it
on she noticed my cotton bra and said, "God you are not a kid anymore.
I'll get you some lingerie." She came back with filmy thong bikini panties and
bras so thin my pink nipples showed through. I said, "God. I am practically
naked!" 

"Don't be silly. Cindy Drawford wears these."

That was good enough for me.

They wooed Mom and Dad too. We were invited to Dinner at their huge house.
Sandra's dad was the president of the bank that held our home mortgage.
When Sandra said she planned to ask me to join her at the summer place. He had
no objection at all and told Mom and Dad we would have a good time in the
mountains riding their horses. Mom said that sounded wonderful and that she had
not been on a horse for years. Dad agreed and thanked him for his generosity.

Finally the day arrived. Sandra came to our house in her Mothers Chysler
Van with black windows I threw the bag of casual clothes Mom had packed into the
van.

As we drove away with Richard on one side of me and Bob on the other in the back
seat Sandra said, "You become our slave at city limits."

I suddenly remembered my cousin as a slave had to strip to his undershorts. I
cursed my self for wearin the filmy lingerie. If I had to strip to my underwear
I might as well be naked.

I thought at least I would be spared that until we got to the house many miles
away but then I noticed the black windows that gave us total privacy.

Don, leaning over the passenger seat to leer at my boobs made me sure they would
not be covered by my t-shirt much longer.

At the city limits Sandra said, "Okay. we are out of the bright lights. Take off
her t-shirt and put on her cuffs."

Richard and Bob reached fo the bottom of my t-shirt but I clamped it to my sides
and said, "No! Can't we wait till we get to the house. People may see me."

Sandra said nastily, "Have you forgotten already you agreed to be our slave?
Slaves do not say No. From now on any No will earn you ten spanks. Now raise
your arms so they can get that shirt off!"

I sniffled and lifted my arms. I had no choice. Of course I did have a choice I
could have told them I had changed my mind and to let me out but that didn't
even occur to me.

They slid the shirt off and Don said, "Love that bra.you can see the nipples."

Sandra giggled and said, "I picked it out."

I looked down and said, "God. I might as well be naked!" as my hands were pulled
behind my back to snap on handcuffs.

Sandra laughed and said, "As long as you feel that way, take off her bra."

Filmy as it was it was something and I yelled "No. Don't let them!"

Sandra pulled the Van over on the shhoulder and turned around in the seat to
say, "That was a No. Patty. I told you what would happen. Get the rulers out of
the compartments."

They unsnapped the lids of compartment by the window and took out two plastic
rulers. They were the thin kind and I was relieved. I would harly feel them over
my jeans.
My eyes darted to Richard and Bob and i understood why they were seated where
they were. Richard was left handed whil Bob was a rightie.

Sandra said "Okay guys Richard gets the left boob Bob the right."

I screamed, "No. You said you would spank me!"

She looked at me disdainfully and said, "Christ you are stupid. You just earned
ten more. Spanks can be anywhere. Go for it guys."

I screamed as simultaneous stings engulfed my boobs. Thank God the rulers were
so light they didn't dig in but they still stung like hell and twenty allowed
them to cover them completely. The last two on my tender nipples brought an
agonized scream. Tears from my eyes dripped on them as i looked down to see the
skin was fiery red. That was appropriate because they felt like they were on
fire.

Richard said, "Oh poorbaby. Let me kiss them and make them well."

He began licking my nipple and Bob joined him. I know that would have normally
turned me on but I was stinging so much it only let me take my mind off the
pain. To my surprise the stinging turned to just tingles in a few minutes and
the redness began to fade.

Just as I was calming down Sandra said, "Hey guys it is getting hot. Why don't
you get the scissors out of the compartment and turn her jeans into cutoffs.
Patty. Get on your knees in front of them."

They had taken out the center seat to allow room and I was not about to say No. 
I Iknelt on my knees and Richard cut off the right leg then handed the scissors
to Bob to cut off the right. They cut them off as close to the crotch as they
could then pulled the scraps off my legs.

I started to get back on the seat but Bob said, "Stay there! That is a kind of
standard cut. We can do better than that."

I felt the sciissors slide agaiinst my crotch as he cut from the center seam
up to the waistband by the side of my hip then Richard did the same to the other
side. They turned me around and the scissors slid on my butt cheeks as they cut
over to waistband again at the side.

When they finished there was just a V at the font and rear. They made me pose
bent over and leaning back then Bob said, "Well she isn't decent but she is
legal. you can't see her cunt or ass crack. We did fuck up a little. You can see
her panties."

Sandra said, "No problem. cut off the panties."

Bob said, "Righto." He dug into the lips of my pussy to pull out the panties to
cut them then reached into my waistband to pull them out to cut the sides.He
pushed his fingers into the front of my shorts way deeper than he needed rubbing
the back of his fingers against my pussy and jerked out my panties. I gasped as
the thong slid on my anus and through the lips of my pussy.

I gasped again when he grabbed the waistband and jerked up the shorts. I think
guys call that a "Wedgie" He said "Oops the shorts are gonna have to be hip
huggers. See what happened?"

Richard said, "Yeah they sunk deep in her slit. The lips are wrapped around the
crotch seam. Definiitely not for public consumption."

Bob said, "Right!"  He dug into my slit to pull out the crotch seam with the
lttle dab of cloth on it. I was so mortified I could have died.

Then Sandra said, "Why don't you modify her t-shirt to match. Just let a little
boob show under it."

They put my T-shirt back on which was a relief then cut under my boobs then up
and toward my back. When they were done I looked like I was wearing a bib.

A few miles up the road Sandra said,"Oops we are getting low on gas. There is a
station."

It was packed with people and cars heading towards the mountain. We had to wait
for awhile to get to a pump. Then Sandra looked back and said, "Would you pump
the gas for us sweetie? There doesn't seem to be an attendent."

She couldn't be serious. "You must be kidding. I could be arrested in this
outfit."

"Oh no. I think you are legal. Would you like to say No?"

I hung my head and said, "I'll do it."

I have never been so embarrassed in my life. Guys were staring at me and I
couldn't bend over without having the t-shirt fall away from my boobs so I had
to bend my legs and stay upright. It only took five gallons. The bitch could
have driven for miiles to find one less busy.

I started to get back in but Sandra handed me a twenty dollar bill and said,
"Hey you have to pay them."

God that was even wose. there was a huge line inside and everybody stared at me
even little boys. Just as I finally got to the counter to pay a big fat broad
said, "You sluts should be arrested."

It pissed me off. This wasn't my fault. I said, "You should be arrested for
defacing the countryside with that ugly body!" She got all red in the face and
stomped out. The guys had not helped by laughing in agreement.

I ran back to the van not caring that the t-shirt was blowing up to my neck. I
just wanted to hide as soon as possible.




                                          THE CLUB 3
                                          ***********

When I got back in the van I found I had gone from embarrassment to something
else worse. I no sooner than sat down when Don said,"You guys have had enough
fun. Send her up here."

Bob said, "You heard him."

I went up and kneeled between the front seats then Don said, "Get on my lap
babe."  I sat across his legs but he said, "No. Face me." There was no way I
could get my legs over to straddle his wthout pushing my boobs in his face so I
dd it as quickly as possible.

He said, "Lift your arms so I can get this shirt off."

I looked at Sandra and said, "Please don't let him. The windshield has clear
glass."

She had no sympathy at all. She just grinned and said, "Why don't you say No.
Your boobs are white again."

I whined, "This isn't fair. You said spanking and I naturally thought it would
be on my butt."

Before she could answer Don said, "Is that what you want Patty. A butt
spanking?"

"No! but it would be better than hurting my poor boobies."

Sandra laughed and said, "I'll be damned. She said No again. Get that shirt
off!"

He jerked it over my head in a flash. They had cut off the sleeves so I couldn't
stop it by folding my arms.

I began to cry as my boobs began to tingle just at the thought of another
spanking. "Oh please don't do that again. It stings awful!"

Don said, "Lets give her a break. Ten on the boobs or twenty on the butt."

Sandra said, "Okay. Which will it be Patty?"

I flashed back to the boys who had spanked me for the panties. It would hurt but
surely not as bad. " My bottom please."

Sandra smiled and sad, "Hey. She is learning. Take off the shorts Patty."

"But you don't need them off. Most of my butt is already bare."

Sandra said, "Hey guys, is argument the same as No?"

I panicked and cried, "I'm doing it! I'm doing it! as I frantically popped the
button and unzipped the fly to slide them off.

Don positiioned me so my arms and elbows were on the floor then opened the
window to stick out my legs.

He began bringing his hand down on my cheeks. It stung bad but not as bad as my
boobs and I began feeling the stings radiate to tingle inside I was almost
enjoyng it as my whole bottom got hot and throbbing but then he brought his hand
down on my thigh letting the tips of his fingers hit my pussy. I panicked at
this new sharp pain and began kicking frantically but it didn't help. he just
timed his slaps to hit when my legs opened. When he finally quit I was sobbing
uncontrollably.

Then I heard Don say, "Lets give that trucker a thrill."

Sandra jammed down the accelerator and suddenly Don grabbed me arond my chest
and slid me out the window. I screamed and grabbed his neck sure at any moment
my naked body would be sliding and rolling on the pavement.

Sandra caught up with the truck and matched her speed to his. Do you think the
truckdriver would be sympathetic? Hell no. The bastard honked his air horn as I
struggled to get back in knowing he had a wonderful view of my red butt and
pussy. Then yelled, "Looks like you got a naughty girl there. Need any help?"

Don yelled back, "Thanks but we can handle it."

Sandra said, "Enough thrill for him. Get her back in."

Don pulled me back in and I huddled between the seats crying like crazy. I
couldn't understand why they would be so mean. The spanking was bad enough.

I finally got my breath and said, "How could you hang me out there naked! Wasn't
the spanking bad enough."

Sandra said, "Hell you aren't naked yet but you will be. Bob drag her back there
and get the razor."

Bob pulled and Don pushed when I noticed Richard was holding a cordless shaver
like Dad's with a moustache trimmer. Ithought they were going to cut off all my
hair and I grabbed my head whining, "No. not my hair!"

Sandra said, Another No! We'll deal with that later."

They dragged me in between them then Bob dragged my right leg over his left and
under the right while Richard did the same to my left. My butt was lifted off
the seat and my legs were wide open but nudity was no longer a problem I was
worried about my hair and had folded my arms over my head.

Richard turned on the razor and I gripped my head harder but that was not their
goal. I felt the razor vibrating on my skin just above my pubic bone.

God! They were going to cut off the hair it had taken me fourteen years to grow
to be a woman. They wanted to make me a child again!

I caught myself just in time to stop a No and brought down my hands to protect
my precious crotch hair.

They must have expected that. Richard took some soft rope out of the compartment
and tied it to my wrist then pulled it behind his back and pulled the rope
across his chest. Bob took my right wrist and pulled it behind his back and tied
the rope going from Richard's chest and over his
to it. When he leaned back my arms were trapped as much as my legs.

Richard began running the razor over my pussy lips. I watched as the moustache
trimmer began mowing off my hair. I managed to resist saying No and just sobbed
as my womanhood was stripped away. It seemed to take forever but then there was
just stubble and Richard turned over the razor to shave. The vibration felt
good! I thought I must be a terrible slut to like this! My mind was saying No
but my body was betraying me. I began to moan in excitement as it went over and
over my sensitive lips and even down to my anus. Then finally Richard ran his
hand over my pussy and said, "That's got it. She is smooth as a babys butt. She
really got off on this. Her pussy is drooling."

God I was so ahamed!  that turned to fright when Sandra said, "She'll get over
that. Get out the rulers."

I thanked God I had resisted more no's and clenched my eyes shut bracing fo the
pain to my boobs. It didn't happen! Instead I felt a sting to my freshly shaven
pussy. They must have thought it was more sensitive than my boobs because they
didn't hit as hard. My excitement immediately returned and by the fifth spank I
was in orgasm. Richard evidentally thought my faces and my struggles to push up
to meet the rulers was a result of great pain because he said, "Shit! this is
killing her. Good thing she didn't say No again."

When they quit I slumped in exhaustion but that was also interpreted as a result
of great pain. Bob said, "I think we had better give her a break."
Richard said, "Yeah maybe this massage oil will help."

He began caressing the oil on my red pussy. It felt wonderful but I was orgasmed
out. I went to sleep while he was still doing it.

I was awakened by a gentle nudge. Sandra was leaning in the door and when I
opened my eyes she said, "Have a nice nap sweetie? You are going to need it."

My wrists were untied and I was lying there with both hands on my crotch. I was
hoping I had not rubbed it in my sleep with all of them watching.

I was still naked as they led me to a big log house surrounded by trees. It was
just at sunset and I looked around frantically to see if there were other houses
that could see me but the log house was isolated.

They took me through the door and I saw five more boys and girls turning to
stare at me. They were all fully dressed which made me feel even more naked.

As they pulled me into the huge living room the other boys and girls moved
toward me for a better look but it wasn't just looks. I struggled against Bob
and Richard who were holdiing my arms while both girls and boys fondled my body.

I was reminded of my shaved pussy when one boy ran his hand up and down on it
and said, "Wow you have her pussy as soft and smooth as a four year olds. It is
a little red. What did you do to it?"

I looked at him thinking the pervert must have fondled his baby sister or
someone to make that statement.

Sandra laughed and said, "The dumb bitch has a problem remembering not to say
No. We had to give her a pussy spanking with the rulers."

The boys laughed but I saw some girls moan and press their hands against their
crotches in empathy. That convinced me they must have gone through the same
thing.

They led me over to a beer keg in a tub of ice. I stared at it realizing I was
terribly thirsty.

Sandra said, "You must be thirsty after all the sweating you have done. Have a
beer."

"Oh thank you Sandra. I am dying of thirst."

I chugged it down and held out the glass for another thinking maybe if I got
drunk I wouldn't be so embarrassed.

She filled it again saying, "This is the last you get for now. We have one more
event planned."

"Oh Please. I am exhausted. I just want to go to bed."

"Oh this won't take long. It is an event your cousin must have told you about.
It is called the Gauntlet. You simply have to crawl through our legs as we spank
you."

"No. He didn't tell me about that!"

"Strange. That is a standard form of hazing. All the fraternities do it"

I thought that it must not be too terrible if all the fraternities did it but I
had to ask. "Sandra did you have to do this?"

"She laughed and said, "Yes, of course but it is kind of rough so you can go to
bed afterwards. Oh yes another little rule. No more names. You will just call us
Master or Mistress."

"Please Mistress may I have another beer. I am still thirsty."

"Oh okay. Half a glass. You can sip it while we get ready."

She said, Okay gang. Go get your straps. I hope you appreciate it. It cost me a
mint to get all that stuff through the internet. I did get a quantity discount."

They all stampeded to a corner where I saw UPS bovxes and began dragging out
straps about four inches wide attached to a wooden handle. Sandra got one to
bring over to me.

She said, "Actually these are very artistic. See the handle?"

I looked at it. It was obscene! It was a penis with veins and wrinkles to look
very real except I was sure no real one was that big. It was about a foot long
and so thick I was sure my small hands could not reach around it.
I didn't see the significance of the handle I concentrated on the strap. At
least it was not thick only about an eighth of an inch.

Sandra said, "We have been soking them in oil so they would be nice and soft for
you."

I thanked her thinking she may have some compassion after all not knowing the
oil would just make them heavier and more flexible so every inch could come in
contact with my skin.

I heard scuffling and looked over to see the boys and girls lining up swinging
the straps to make sure they could bring them down without hitting the person in
front of them. This made a very long line. I thought if I crawled very fast on
my hands and knees it would be over in a couple of minutes and since I would be
moving fast in the same direction as the straps it may not be too bad.


That illusion was crushed when they placed me on my hands and knnes and Sandra
said, "We don't want her moving too fast. Tie her wrists and thighs."

They used some more of their soft ropes to tie my wrists and thighs together
just above my knees. I began to cry knowing it would take forever to go through
the line because the only way I could move was to put my hands out in front of
me then bring up my knees.

Thankfully I had been placed far enough in front of the first boy to learn the
technique although I also noticed it was hard to keep my balance with my hands
and knees so close together.

I approched the first boy who was a blur through my tears and found they would
not wait fo my butt to come into range when I heard a loud "Whap!" followed
immediately by a terrible sharp sting between my shoulder blades. The stings
continued all the way down my back then on my butt and finally thighs. Actually
the rope around my thighs helped because if my thighs had not been pressed to
gether so tightly the one to the place between my thighs would have hit my
pussy.

I crawled frantically as fast as I could approaching the first girl who was
especially mean. She brought the strap down by my side to have it curl around my
breast. I screamed in torment but she didn't care and brought it down to my
other breast and then made the tip burn my tummy.

I kept going but now my body was on fire and I was getting exhausted. At an
especially terrible one that made the tip hit my pubic bone I fell over on my
side. This allowed more slaps to my belly until I straightened my legs to roll
on my stomach to get up again while more slaps came dowm

I managed to get past the last boy and fell to the floor exhausted with my body
on fire as if I had a terrible sunburn. I was untied and lifted to my feet.
Sandra said, "I will take you to your room and you can take a cool shower to
stop the burn and go to bed."

She led me directly to the shower and she set the showerheadto a fine mist and
set the temperature. I got into it and found the sting was worse for a second
then it got better as the fire went out. I ended up going back several times
because when I got out for a whiile the burn would return but finally it stopped
and I fell into the bed to go to sleep almost instantly.




                                                THE CLUB 4
                                                ***********
I must have really been exhausted. I went to bed about nine and slept clear to
9:30. I saw a big mirror on the wall and stayed in bed for a while afraid to
look at what they had done to my body but I was not feeling any pain so I got
up. I was amazed to see that the only bruises on my body were from the tips
hitting. There were a lot of them though and when I pushed on one on my boob I
felt a deep pain so I left them alone.

I went to the bathroom and found when I sat down the pressure caused a throbbing
pain so I peed as fast as possible. There was a new toothbrush and comb by the
sink so I brushed my teeth and combed out my shoulder length blonde hair and
took one of the birth control pills Sandra had given me before exploring the
room. There were no clothes so I assumed I had to stay naked but now I had
gotten used to it and even admired my body in the mirror. My shaved pussy still
seemed strange to me and I thought if I wore pigtails I would look about nine
years old.

I felt my tummy stir and remembered I had nothing to eat since noon yesterday so
I went downstairs to see if I could get something to eat.

No-one was there and the house was very quiet. I went to the kitchen and found
some cold cereal and milk so I filled a big bowl and made toast to go with it.
When I finished I still didn't hear anything so I went out to the living room
but that reminded me of the Gauntlet so after checking through the window to
verify no-one could see me I went out on the porch. It was a beautiful day and I
turned slowly feeling the sun warm my body. I had never been naked outside
before and loved the feeling.

Just then Sandra came out of the door pissed. "Who told you that you could leave
your room? I have been looking all over for you and with this hangover I don't
need the hassle."

She scared me and I trembled while saying,"Nobody said I couldn't leave and I
was starving. I came down to have some cereal."

"Shit I must have forgotten. I'll give you a break this time but you still
earned ten spanks for forgetting to call me Mistress. That can wait though right
now I have to find some Alkaseltzer before I fuckin die."

I couldn't feel sorry for her she got drunk on her own not like me who went
through an ordeal.

I followed her to the kitchen and she found what she wanted and sat down
siipping it and holding her head. I thought I may get a few brownie points by
saying, "I am sorry your head hurts Mistress."

"Yeah right. Speaking of hurt come over here and make a slow turn. I want
 to see how your bod stood up to the spanking."

God! To call what I had gone though a spanking was liike calling Mt. Rainier a
molehill but of course I didn't say that. I went beside her and turned slowly as
she pressed on my bruises saying, "Does that hurt?"

"Oh yes!"

"Oh yes? what happened to Mistress. That cost you another ten and it is still
early."

"I'm sorry Mistress."

"No problem the more mistakes you make the better I like it. You have amazing
skin. I thought you would be a mass of bruises."

"Me too Mistress."

"Well that is good. We don't have to ease up. Can you cook?"

"Yes. Mama taught me."

"Man I don't believe you. You forgot Mistress again. Now you have thirty."

There was nothing I could say. I cursed myself for being so dumb and knew I
deserved the spanks. I resolved to not answer anything without thinking first."

"Cook some pancakes and crisp bacon. Make sure it is crisp no-one will want any
grease."

I thought first then said "Yes Mistress. Should I make eggs?"

"Naw. Nobody will be able to look at a greasy egg. Bacon is in the fridge and
pancake flour is in the cupboard."

They had a huge gas stove with a grille so I emptyed the bacon on the grille and
turned on the heat as I separated them then turned the oven on
to warm to keep the bacon hot while I made pancakes.

Sandra got up to make coffee in a big coffee pot then sipped it as she watched
me turn bacon. "Damn. I expected bacon grease to spatter on your tummy."

"No Mistress Mama taught me to cook bacon real slow."

"Well the smell of bacon grease is turning my stomach. I am going out on the
porch. Make two dozen pancakes and set the table for nine."

There were nine of them so it was obvious I was not going to eat breakfast with
them but I didn't care. I was no longer hungry and could only think about the
thirty spanks I had earned.

One after another came into the kitchen to get seltzer or pepto bismol and 
coffee then left quickly to get out to the fresh air.

They began comimg into the kitchen just as I was finishing the last of the
pancakes. Each of them had me turn to fondle my bruises one girl pressed on a
bruise near my nipple to make me gasp and said, "Ooo I'll bet that was a
hurter."

"Yes Mistress. I think you did it."

"Really! Just a lucky shot."

I served them remembering to say, "Enjoy Mistress, or Enjoy Master" as I served.

Then one guy asked Sandra, "What's on the agenda."

Well first of all Dumb Bitch has made three mistakes. I thought we would wait
untl noon to see if she made more. For the finale we will be using the spanking
bench for the fraternity paddling. I think we should congratulate Richard for
the great spanking bench."

They paused to give polite applause. Then Sandra said, "Are you a virgin Patty?

"I am not sure. Once a boy had me rub his dick while he played with my pussy
does that mean I am not a virgin?"

A boy yelled,"Bingo. She forgot mistress thats forty!"

I hung my head in shame. I could not believe I could be so dumb. I shuddered
thinking I had already earned forty spanks and it was only ten AM.

Sandra ignored that to say to me, "That is what we call foreplay. Has anyone
stuck their dick in your pussy?"

"No Mistress."

"Well the first thing on the agenda is to solve that problem. Come on gang lets
go out to the main room and have some more blody mary's. I am still hung. Patty.
Clean up and come on out. It will just be playtime for you until noon. We will
save up your mistakes till then."

They left me to clean up the mess but that was okay since with them gone I
didn't have to worry about making any more mistakes. I took my time even
polishiing the grille. "Play time" sounded okay but maybe not.

There was nothing left to do so I went out to the main room. They were huddled
in discussion and when I came out the boys looked at me grinning.

Sandra said, "There are no virgins in our club so we will solve that problem and
give you some sex education by having the boys fuck you."

"You mean all five of them? Will it hurt?"

"Just the first one maybe. We have decided to have them fuck you with the
smallest dick first and let you get used to it."

I was glad to hear that. The biggest thing I had put in my little slit was my
finger I remembered the first boy I had touched was not much bigger. To tell the
truth I had always wondered what fucking would feel like so I said, "Oh. Okay.
Who is first?"

"We haven't determined that yet. Boys why don't you get off your clothes so we
can check you out."

They obviously weren't as modest as me because they immediately began stripping
with no protest. It made me feel better to no longer be the only one naked
although I worried a bit about the first one hurting.

They got naked and lined up. I had no idea boy's peepees came in so many
different shapes and sizes. Also some had skin over the head while others
didn't.

Sandra picked up a cloth tape while another girl picked up a notepad. then
Sandra said, "You will have to get them good and hard so it will be fair."

That really did not seem necessary just being naked and looking at me seemed to
have all the dicks standing up and out but I said, "Oh you mean I should rub
them with my hand?"

"No. I think it will be a lot more effective if you use your tongue and mouth."

I had never heard of such a thing! "Oh yuck. That seems gross! They pee out of
those things."

"I see. Does that mean you are saying No?"

I thought for a moment. If I said No to all five I would get fifty more spanks
on top of the forty I had already earned. That would kill me!"

"It was just a comment. I'll do it."

I went in front of the first boy and knelt down then held it in one hand to give
it a little lick. To my surprise there was no bad taste. It was no different
than sucking my thumb. I followed her directions to lick the length of it then
put the head in my mouth to run my tongue around on it. I looked up to see him
smiling as his dick became real hard.

Sandra pulled me back and the boy protested, "No yet! I can get harder."

Sandra laughed and said, "I doubt it. The damn thing is throbbing."

She measured it and called out 5 and a half and an inch and a quarter wide.

We went to the next boy who was 6 and a half by an inch and 3/4ths. I learned
how to get them hard the best by watching their faces. They really seemed to
love it when my tongue swirled around just below the head.

The others were pretty close to the second and there was an argument over
whether length or width was the most impoortant. They decided to add the figures
together. That made Richards long skinny dick equal to other boy's who were
shorter but fatter. There was no problem when I got to Bob. He was 8 and a half
plus 2 and a quarter wide.

"Sandra said, "Perfect. You will have her ready for the spanking bench."

I did not understand that but it didn't seem important when they threw the
cushion off the couch on the floor and had me lie on it with my head lower than
my hips. Two boys pulled my legs open and the frst boy they had measured knelt
between my legs and began rubbing the head of his dick up and down my slit. He
said, "Okay she is wet." He plunged it into me and I felt a sharp pain as
something tore inside my pussy but as he kept pumping the pain quit to be
replaced by a great feeling.

He didn't last long and I was reminded of a comedienne saying, "Old men are
great because they last a long time but who wants to fuck an old man for a long
time." He just left me really excited but by the third I was having orgasms and
was really happy that by being a member of the club this could happen a lot.

By the end of the fourth I couldn't cum anymore and looked at Bob's monster dick
wth dread. He did it dfferently. He pulled me up and sat on the cushion to pull
me down on top of that monster. I whimpered as the head stretched my little slit
and whined, "It is too big. It won't fit!"

Sandra said, Bullshit. Babies can come out of there."

That may be true but not without a lot of pain.

The head finally worked in and from then on it slipped in easily thanks to all
the semen that had been put in there.It flled me so completely my clit was in
constant contact with it and I swear I could feel every vein and wrinkle. As
tired as I was I felt another orgasm coming.

A boy yelled, "Great position and I am hard again!"

Suddely I was pushed forward and felt a dick pushing against my tiny puckered
butt hole. I screamed "No!" not caring avout penalties sure he would rip me but
evidentally he was avble to push it in without too much pain. It was the wildest
feeling. I could feel their dicks nudging each other and felt stuffed full. I
had two more orgasms and when I was pulled off Bob I just laid on the floor
panting in a pool of sweat.

I heard through a haze Sandra's voice saying, "Well how was she boys?"

Someone said, "Not bad for the first time. With some training she will be as
good as any whore."

I cringed at that knowing being a whore was not good but I was so tired I
drifted off to sleep while they talked about me as if I was just some kind of
object.

I don't know how long they let me sleep. When I woke up they were all naked and
lying around smoking cigarettes. I sat up and Sandra noticed.

"Oh good. You are awake. We can continue your sex education."

I moaned, What more can there be. I have already been fucked in my pussy and
butthole. They are still sore."

"Oh there is gobs more but for now we want to train you in the art of licking
pussy."

"Oh No! That is homosexuality. My church said Homos go to Hell!

"Hmm. I think that is fifty but it is only homosexual if you prefer women. Now
get up on your knees."

I moaned but it was fruitless to diisobey. She stood over me and grabbed the
back of my head to push my mouth into her pussy. It was gross! her juices and
some boys cum began to drip out. She was mean yelling "No dummy. Spread the lips
and let your tongue flutter on the clit!" "No! Flutter not lick! You aren't
painting a fence!"

She would stop me to tell me to give long licks to the inner lips and then stick
in my tongue deep only to flutter again until her body began to tremor and she
moaned, "Yes, yes, so good!" then with a spasmodic jerking she pulled my head
away by my hair.

She smiled and said, "Next! She is great!"

With the next girl I knew the better job i did the sooner she would cum and let
me go. It may have been a mistake. The other two girls had not been interested
until Sandra and her bragged about me.

When the last girl had screaming orgasms Sandra let me go brush my teeth to get
the taste out of my mouth.

When I came back she said, "We have been talking and decided we should get your
mistkes out of the way in time for you to rest up for the main event. We aren't
going to spank you. we want to save your butt for later."

"Oh I can't take ffty spanks just on my thighs!"

"This won't be a spanking. this will be a switching and there is a lot of places
other than your butt. Go into the kitchen and get a cleaver."

I remembered Mom breaking off a little switch to spank my legs. It had not been
near as bad as her hairbrush and I was relieved. I got the cleaver and came back
out.

Sandra said, "Come with us."

They led me outside and I heard speed boats on the lake just hidden by the
trees. I was really scared they may see me naked out in the bright sun and yell
at me like the trucker and the people in the gas station had.

We walked for quite awhile then found a huge patch of willows. Sandra said, "Cut
two as tall as you are."

This wasn't the little foot long switch Mom had used I was 5' 4". I whined, "Oh
God. A switch that long will cut me!"

"No silly. We like you. We will just sting you a lttle."

 went to the patch and cut two that were at least as tall as me and handed them
to her with tears in my eyes. She gave them to Richard and Bob who began
stripping off the leaves and twigs as we walked back. I looked at them fearfully
as they began to look more and more like the ringmasters whip at the circus.

When we got back I saw a boy that had not followed us pushing a huge footstool
under a rope with padded wristcuffs hanging ominously from a pulley in the
ceiling.

They took me there and had me straddle the footstool and tied my ankles to the
legs of it so wide I felt my pussy lips open. Then they buckled my wrists and
another boy pulled down on the rope to stretch me so much my ribs showed.

Fear continued to build as they walked around me commenting on how tight my skin
was and how great it made my body look. I really got scared when Sandra said,
"She has tough skin but don't cut her.stay away from her face and butt. Anything
else goes."

I thought they would just whip my back like in the black slave pictures in our
history book. She made it sound like they cvould hiit my front too. I began to
cry louder remembering how bad the little plastic rulers had stung my boobs and
pussy.

My worst fears were realized when A boy got by my right side and another got on
my left with the switches.

Sandra said, "One!" and I felt a sting across my shoulders. At "Two" there was a
sting just below my belly button. she kept counting as stings began going down
my back and all over my belly but to my surprise they had not lied. The stings
weren't too bad and incredibly I started to get excited. the excitement grew as
the stings got closer and closer to my crotch and my boobs. Even the much
sharper sting when they hit my boobs just made it more exciting and even the
ones at my thighs just below my butt only made me gasp.

I heard someone say from far away "Jesus. She is beginning to look like a
striped tiger"

Another said, "God. It is making her hot. Look at her sweat."

By forty I was having orgasms that shuddered my body which kept getting stronger
until they stopped whipping me."

Bob said, "I don't beleve this! She got off on that! Look! Juice is dripping
from her pussy!"

I was more ashamed than I had been when Mom caught me playing with my pussy.

Sandra said, "Yeah. We found someone special. Either she is very sensual or else
we did not hit hard enough. We'll find out later. Get her down."

I was so exhausted I could hardly stand so Sandra helped me to my room and told
me to take a cool shower then a nap because she wanted me nice and rested for
the bench.

I didn't know why I should be rested to sit on a bench but I was too tired to
think about it and went to sleep.




                                                 THE CLUB 5
                                                 ***********
I slept a couple of hours then got up and looked at my body in the mirror. I had
been red all over but now there were just a bunch of skinny red lines.

I felt good but thought I had better stay in my room so I wouldn't make any more
mistakes as long as possible. I went to bed and began thinking about the
spanking bench. I figured it must just be a bench to lay over for a spanking and
since the fraternities did it it shouldn't be too bad.

A little later Sandra came in and said, "Get up lazybones. You have been
sleeping for hours. Here have a drink. I want to show you something."

She handed me something she called a screwdriver and I sipped it. It was orange
juice but different. it made a warm feeling in my tummy. She led me to the main
room where all the boys and girls looked at me looking excited.

She led me over to a weird contraption and said, "Check out our spanking bench.
Richard spent hours making it."

It was nothing like I pictured it looked something like this.

                              ....
                              l   l
                              l   l
                              l   l
                              l o l
                             /     \
                            /       \
                           /         \

there were wrist cuffs at the legs in front and ankle cuffs at the end of the
open legs. It was easy to see I would be lying on it with my legs open but what
was really weird was a big fake penis right where my crotch would be. I went
over and pointed at the dick and said, "Why is that there?"

Sandra said, "That will help hold you in position. Mary carved it out of sponge
rubber. It really looks real. Feel it."

I felt it. It was soft enough to bend over easy. they giggled as I bent it back
and forth then I said, "Oh I see. It will go between my thighs so I won't fall
off sideways."

"No dummy. It will go into your pussy to hold you in all directions."

"Oh no. It is too big. It will never fit. God it must be about ten inches long
and three inches thick."

"It will fit. You will stretch and it will compress. Here is some K Y jelly
You had better grease it up good if you don't want it to hurt."

"Oh do I have to? Can't I just lie over it sideways? I won't move."

"Are you arguing? That will just make it worse."

"No I will do it."

I squeezed some jelly into my palm and began rubbing it on the thing. The sponge
rubber kept soaking it up so I added more especially on the big head.
Guys groaned and I figured they were imagining it was their dicks I was
caressing."

Sandra said, "Enough already! You have damn near used the whole tube."

I knew it was more than enough but I had tried to stall off having to put it in
me as long as possible.

Sandra said, "Jim and Bob.. Pick her up like we discussed."

They came over and grabbed me by my knees and upper arms then lifted me pulling
my legs up into the splits. No. More than the splits. My knees were above my
hips and it really hurt as my hips almost dislocated.

The carried me to the bench then Sandra pushed two of her fingers into my
already open pussy while Mary did the same and they pulled my lips open until I
was whmpering afraid they may tear it.

The boys began to lower me and the head began forcing itself in. I felt my lips
close a little as they went past the head and then the boys would raise me a
little just to lower me more then raise me again until it was finally all in
making me feel stuffed. I swear the thing was close to my stomach.I could feel
my insides move to make room for it. To my surprise the damn thing felt good.

They brought my ankles back to cuff them. Every movement made the dick move
inside me and it was so big my clit was tight against it. They bent me forward
to put on my wrist cuffs and the dick bent to make it push even harder on my
clit.

I kind of weiggled on it feeling fantastic sensations and ignored someones
comment, "Will you look at that. She is loving this!"

All good feelings left when Sandra pulled up my head by my hair saying, "Look.
We have our own Club paddle Bob made in woodshop. and good news you only get 18
swats."

Fear returned as I looked at the paddle. It was about two feet long by six
inches wide and he had used a router or something to make the letters THE CLUB!
standing up about an eighth of an inch. I shuddered at the thought of those
letters hitting me instead of a nice smooth surface.

I just moaned "Oh God!" as Sandra let my head back down to let my tears drop to
the floor.

There was a loud "Whop!" and the impact made my body jump to make the dick rip
at my pussy while sting and hot burned my buttcheeks. Before I could recover
there was another then with a short pause to change spankers two more just as
bad. They just laughed at my screams of torment.

After a few more they either began hitting easier or else I got numb. I still
had the impact that made the dick in my pussy jerk and rub my clit but the pain
was much less. As the nerves deadened in my butt they seemed to more than make
up for their loss on my clit and I began pushing myself back to meet the impact
of the paddle to feel the monster seeem to envelop my clit and raise my
exciitement so much my moans and gasps of pain turned to pleasure.

They stopped the spanking but I could not stop moving! I was close! So close to
a shattering climax. Some boy yelled, "Oh shit! I am so hard it hurts!" The next
thing I knew a real dick was forcing it is into my anus but that just added to
the thrill and orgasms came and came. I was so out of it when a boy picked up my
head to stick his dick into my slack mouth I didn't have the strength to suck it
so he just fucked my face  then another and another until I became unconscious.

The next morning for the first time they showed me some respect. They marvelled
at my terribly bruised ass and the fact I had been able to bear all that pain
and even turn it to passion. They said I must be the most sensuous girl in the
world to be able to turn pain into orgasms but I didn't feel good about it. Mama
had told me that christian women did not enjoy sex and only sluts who were going
to hell could enjoy the humiliation.

The more they complimented me the worse I felt and began to cry. Sandra said,
"Jesus. What is wrong now? We aren't going to hurt you anymore we love you."

I practically howled. "That is what is wrong! I am a terrible slut to enjoy the
sex. I deserve to be punished until God forgives me."

Sandra said, "That is bullshit honey. All of us enjoy sex."

I cried, "That is because you are sluts too. It doesn't make me feel better to
be like you."

Sandra slapped my face so hard I saw stars and Richard yelled, "Hey. Chill out!"

I hung my head and moaned, "It's alright. I deserve it."

Bob said, "I know we were going to give her a break but I think it would be
cheating her not to let her be forgiven. Let's go on to the next event and let
her forgive herself."

One girl said "Oh Bob. You are too mean!"

Sandra was still looking at me with hate and said, "Shut up Erica. Bob is right.
Let's go to the courage tests."

She said to me, "Patty this is the last event in the fraternity initiation. We
won't set limits. You will. Is your butt very sore?"

"Oh yes it is still throbbing."

"Good. I want you to go to the box and pick out an implement to spank you with.
You don't have to but of course if you don't God won't forgive you and let you
enjoy sex without guilt.

I thought she must be right. If I suffered enough maybe it would be alright to
enjoy sex since I had paid for it by my suffering.

I just nodded and went over to the UPS boxes. The straps were there but 
remembered they had brought on some excitement so I looked further and saw a
bamboo cane. I was sure the thin shaft would concentrate the pain so I could not
possible enjoy it. I picked it out and shuffled back already sniffling at the
idea of it hitting my poor bruised bottom but I had to be forgiven.

I handed it to Sandra and said, "Is this alright Mistress?"

She said, "You realize this will be very painful. Don't you?

"Yes Mistress. It has to hurt doesn't it?"

"Yes of course. Remember only you will know when you are forgiven. We wiill stop
as soon as you tell us. Now make yourself as comfortable as possible lying over
the game table and let us know by nodding your head when you are ready."

I laid over the table which was slightly lower than my butt and gripped the edge
pressing my boobs into it then took a deep breath and nodded.

I heard thw "Whish as it went through the ar then a terrible sting across both
buttcheeks that took my breath away. I knew I could never become excited by it
and that was good.  took another breath and moaned, "Another!" that was as bad
as the first but I had to be forgiven and cried "Another!" over and over agaiin
as the stings worked down my butt only to be worse on the back of my thghs. They
started over at the top but the nerves had not deadened as they had with the
paddle. If anything it seemed worse. When one came across right at the junture
of my hips and thighs the pain was so intense I screamed "No! No more!"

Sandra said, "Has your butt been forgiven?"

"Yes God made each one worse."

"Okay. we will see if you have been forgiven. If you have you will enjoy the
next thing."

They laid me on my belly on the carpet and began caressing a cold cream on my
cheeks and thighs. At least four hands were doing it and it felt wonderful after
several minutes all the heat and stings had left leaving only a not unpleasant
throbbing.

Sandra noticed my soft moans of pleasure as I squirmed under the soft caresses
and said, "Has your ass been forgiven?"

"Oh yes. it must have. Your hands feel wonderful."

She ran her hand overy my pussy letting her middle finger slide into the slit
And that felt even more wonderful.

She grinned and aid, "You have been forgiven alright. You  are really wet. Get
up and we will have a drink and talk about it."

I got up and followed her over to the bar to watch her pour about a half a glass
of orange juice the finish filling it with vodka. I sipped it again feeeling the
nice warm feeling in my tummy and looked around noticing for the first time that
now all the boys and girls were naked and making love in chairs, sofas, and on
the floor.

I said," They must be happy I have been forgiven. They seem to have become real
excited. I am kind of jealous of them."

"Don't worry. As a sister of the club you will get all the loving you need."

"That made me so happy! It seemed to confirm I would be accepted. It was even
more confirmed of it as boys and girls finished making love and joined us at the
bar to drink thirstily and study my bruised and welted bottom saying that I was
incredibly brave to take all that untied.

That made me feel very proud especially when someone said. "You would make a
wonderful spy. You would never give away our secrets." I pictured myself being
tortured by the Iraqui's cruel whips but rather than frighten me I just thought
of how proud our country would be of me for being able to withstand it.

The boys began to caress my body complimenting me on my round, firm boobies my
flat tummy and my cute hairless slit but now that I felt like one of them I was
no longer embarrassed by it.

I said, "Do you really think my boobies are nice. They are too big. I have
always been embarrassed about them."

Erica said, "You have to be kidding! They are beautiful. I am so jealous. You
make me feel like a boy with my little ones."

Sandra said, "Me too. That reminds me. Your ass has been forgiven but your
boobies and pussy haven't have they?"

"Oh. I guess not. Once they are forgiven will I be able to have sex without
feeling guilty?

"Oh yes! It will make sex fantastic for you. Erica get the Flogger."

Erica brought back a whip made of leather with a bunch of thin leather thongs
coming out of the handle. I was reminded of the tails of race horses although
the thongs were thicker than horse hair.

I looked at it fearfully and moaned. "Oh that will hurt a lot won't it."

Sandra said "Yes but it will just be a surface hurt. It won'r dig in deep like
the paddle or straps. I am sure you are brave enough to take it."

That reminded me that I was the brave spy so I said, "Yes. It should make me be
forgiven."

The boys and girls looked at me wide eyed and one girl said softly, "God. I can
hardly believe this!"

That made me even prouder as I followed Sandra over to the ropes hanging from
the ceiling.

She said, "Just reach up as high as you can and hold on to them. When you let go
we will know you have been forgiven."

I stretched as much as I could and got on tip toes to grab them.

I had to feel proud when a guy said in awe, "Oh shit that makes her look so
great. See how her boobs and lifted and her flat tummy has sunk in even more.
She is beautiful."

Sandra said "Yes. Open your legs Patty. It will increase the stretch."

I opened them and now my toes barely touuched the floor.

Sandra said, "Erica you may have the honors. You have beeen the most jealous of
her."

Erica took the whip and swung it against my tight tummy. I was surprised. Sandra
was right. There was just a light sting that didn't dig in at all. She began
hitting above and below the first to make the stings grow and my low moans
encouraged her to ht harder but even when she got to my boobs and pussy the
stings were easily bearable and it was not having the right effect. Rather than
suffering I just became more and more excited.

I began to sweat and my body pulsated as excitement gre by leaps and bounds. I
let go of the ropes and Sandra said, "So soon Patty?"

I cried, "It isn't working! I am just getting excited. Get the cane!"

Erica said, "No fucking way. The cane could cause so much damage we may have to
take her to a doctor. Patty. The fact God is letting you become excited by this
proves he has forgiven you."

"Do you really think so!"

"Yeah. We can prove it. Bob make love to her. Show her she can enjoy it."

Bib came over to lift me easily and take me to a large mattress on the floor
where he made love to me whiile the others watched. She was right! It was
wonderful. I cried in joy while wonderful orgasms shook my body.

From then on it was just drinking and sex. I was a full member of The Club!

the end




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





