BDSM Library - The Stepchild




The Stepchild
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Although she didn't agree, her father remarried and her new mom was very nice to her. But she soon had the chance to get her revenge.
                                         The Stepchild

I must have been born under an unlucky star. I was an only child because I had
torn up Mom so bad in childbirth she couldn't have another. If the guilt from
that wasn't bad enough she died of ovarian cancer when I was ten. Naturally I
thought that was my fault too and was heartbroken.

Daddy tried to console me and that made me transfer all my love to him. I really
tried to replace Mom. I kept the house clean and washed his clothes but
unfortunately I couldn't cook worth a damn. I went on the simple philosophy that
"If you can't fry it. Fuck it."

Daddy didn't even wait a full year before he started dating. I was really
disappointed with him but when I complained he said that both of us needed a
woman around the house and that he needed to get married.

At first it was not a threat he just went out with bimbos for one night stands
but then he brought home a woman and made a big deal out of introducing her and
said he hoped we would get along. I hated her on sight. She was not like Mom at
all. My Mom was one of those supermoms like Mrs Cleaver in Nickleodian while
this broad reminded me of the woman in Fatal Attraction. She was polite but I
could tell she didn't like me either.

It got serious really fast. By the fourth date she was sleeping with him and I
would sneak downstairs to hear them squealing like pigs in his bedroom. I was
disgusted with him. How could he put her in the same bed he had spent so much
time in with Mom?

I was also jealous. Strange things were happening to my body. The peach fuzz on
my vagina began to grow and I was the only girl in the seventh grade with
boobies. Boys were staring at me and the girls were teasing me to make me feel
really abnormal and I wished Mom was back so I could talk to her about it. I
tried to talk to Dad but he just got embarrassed and said he would find me a
book to explain everything but he never did.

Then I discovered something else. While standing nude in front of my mirror to
feel my new boobs and inspect my vagina I discovered a little nubbin at the top
of my slit that really felt good to rub with my finger. I laid on my bed to rub
more and to my delight felt excitement rushing through my body that ended with
this great feeling of release.

Thank God that fall the school started a sex education program. It explained my
changes although I was a little ahead of time and also explained the nubbin I
had found was called the clitoris and was the main erogenous zone in girls.

I stayed after class and in spite of my embarrassment since I had no mother I
told Mrs Blondin I had discovered my clitoris and wondered if it hurt anything
to caress it

To my great relief she just chuckled and said, "No dear it won't hurt anything.
What you have discovered is called masturbation and it is quite normal fo girls
to do it. Naturally you should be discreet. Just do it in private, not in the
classroom." She laughed and hugged me and I felt really relieved that I would
not have to stop doing it.

Then she got serious and opened her book to a picture of an open vagina. She
pointed to a spot inside it and said, "This is your hymen. It is easily torn and
when torn you will no longer be technically a virgin so you should not put
anything bigger than your finger inside. Okay?"

Mom had been proud of the fact that she was a virgin when she married Dad so I
understood.

I got into the habit of doing it every night since it not only felt good but
took my mind off my problems and as an added benefit made me sleep good.

Then Dad said he was taking the family out to dinner. I hardly thought of her as
"Family" but when we met her at a fancy restaurant I understood. She had two
boys with her about thirteen and fourteen she intoduced as Matt and Josh. I
immediately thought of the "Brady Bunch" but these guys weren't like the nice
Brady boys at all. All through dinner they stared at my boobs with the nipples
making points in the silk blouse Dad had bought me. I was really embarrassed and
averted my eyes as I wished I had gotten around to getting a bra.

To my chagrin Dad stood up to say, "I am proud to announce Rachel has aceepted
my offer of marriage. He gave her a big diamond ring and she stood up to kiss
him in front of all the people in the restaurant. I could have died of
embarrasment I shrunk down in my chair while she ground her big tits into his
chest.

On the way home he said, "We are flying to Vegas Tomorrow to be married. You
will have fun. There is a swimnming pool at the motel and a lot of the videogame
places you like. You can even see a Circus!"

I was not impressed. Dad? Do you have to marry her? I don't like her and she
doesn't like me. Couldn't you find someone more like Mom?"

"Oh Honey don't be silly. It is natural for you to be a little jealous. She
thinks you are pretty, she is a good cook, and now you will have someone to talk
to about your changing body."

I just sat there pouting. Fat chance I was going to discuss my body with her!

Vegas was fun at first. I really enjoyed the circus at Circus Circus and went
through gobs of quarters at the video games but when we decided to swim at the
motel pool the boys spent all their time staring at girls in tiny bikinis and
teased me about my one piece suit with the ruffles at the bottom and top that
helped hide me.

To my chagrin Rachel agreed with them! She turned to Dad and said, "You know
that suit is a little childish for such a grownup girl. I think I will take her
shopping for one more suitable."

I could hardly believe it when Dad said, "Yeah I guess you are right. I don't
see a girl over six with one like hers."

I whined, Dad! Those girls are practically naked. I would be embarrassed."

"Oh don't be silly.You should be embarrassed by the childish suit. Bikinis hide
all the important parts."

Rachel said, "Good. Come on Allene. we are going shopping."

We didn't have to go far. There was a boutique in the casino. She picked out a
tiny white bikini and led me in to a dressing room to try it on.  I turned my
back to her to try it on but it didn't help much since I was facing a mirror.

It was tiny!  the bottom was cut in a vee that nearly reached my pubic bone and
no matter how I pulled at the seat about half my buns showed. The top was little
too. Even though my boobs were only about 33B in order to cover the lower curve
of my breasts my little pink nipples were barely covered and she tightened the
back strap to make them balloon over the top.

I looked in the mirror wondering how anyone could go out in public in this when
she suddenly scooped up my old suit and said, "Fine. The boys will love it."

She went out the door to pay for it while I huddled in the dressing room. She
came back to grab my arm and drag me past all the people in the casino towards
the pool. I thought I would die of embarrassment as men stared .

As soon as we were back to our chaise lounges I grabbed a towel to hide myself
but not in time to avoid the whistle from Matt and the applause from Josh. I
looked at Dad for help but he juat said, "Wow. You are pretty."

I laid down and pulled the towel over me like a blanket blushing furiously.

Just as I was beginning to relax Rachel jerked the towel off me and said, "Go
swimming. That is why I bought the suit."

I thought the water would hide me and ran as fast as I could to jump into the
water and stand in it up to my neck.

She let me get away with it for awhile then stood up holding my towel open as if
to wrap around me and said, "Okay. Enough swimming. Our appointment to be
married is in an hour and we have to dress for it."

I walked out of the pool at the stairs and then almost died when Dad said,
"Jesus! That white suit is transparent when wet. I can see her pink nipples. You
are going to have to sew a pad under it."

I ran for the towel but couldn't escape the boys staring eyes and their leers.

The wedding cereemony in a little chapel was over in a few moments but I felt
sick knowing her and her nasty boys would be living with us from then on.

The next morning I dressed in a sweater and skirt that hid me from my neck to my
knees. There was no way I was going swimming again. I was watching  "Leave it to
Beaver" on  Nicklodian when there was a knock on my door.

Matt was standing there and handed me a twenty dollar bill saying , "Here. They
must have fucked their brains out. They are staying in bed. They gave us twenty
apiece to eat and play games. They don't want to be disturbed."

I thought he was really gross to say that and the thought of their naked bodies
doing the things described in sex ed made me queasy.

We had breakfast and then Josh said, "Let's go swimmin." There was no way I was
going to make a spectacle of myself so I said I would rather play video games.
They left me to change to go to the pool to stare at the girls while I plugged
quarter after quarter in video games until I got bored and just walked around
window shopping at all the boutiques. I saw tons of  tiny bikinis like mine and
a bunch of filmy underclothes and began to wonder if I was overly modest. A lot
of girls must wear that stuff or else they would not have so much of it.

That evening they paged us to come to their room and we went to dinner and a
show. No-one seemed shocked at all to see all the girls on stage with bare boobs
but I was blushing imagining myself up on that stage. We went to bed after that
and to my surprise imagining myself on the stage with all the applause excited
me enough to play with myself until I had a nice orgasm.

A few days later at lunch Josh dropped a plate of food on the rug. Rachel went
nuts. She screamed at him for ruining the rug although I knew it could easily be
cleaned and told him to get the strap. He was whimpering as he trudged off to
his room and tears were flowing when he returned to hand her a leather strap
about three inches wide and two feeet long.

In spite of me standing there she made him take down his jeans and shorts to
lean over the dining room table. I had never seen a boy's penis before except in
pen and ink drawings. It was dangling between his legs lying on his scrotum.
Inconguously I wondered how that could be pushed into a vagina to make a baby.

She began hitting his buns!  They flattened and bounced back as red wide stripes
appeared while he howled and she didn't quit until he was red from the upper
curve to his upper thighs and he was bawling like crazy.

When she quit he obviously cared less about modesty as he straightened up to rub
his buns as he continued to cry until she finally gave him a hug and said,
"Okay. Go take a cool shower to stop the burn. You will be good now. Won't you?"

He blubbered "Yes. Yes!  I promise." and began moving toward the stairs pulling
up his pants as he went."

I was totally shocked and when Dad came home I mixed his drink as always and
cuddled in his lap to say softly, "Rachel is a monster! She beat poor Josh's
butt with a leather strap just for spilling his plate."

"Well they are her kids and I guess she must have learned that was the way to
handle them."

"Yeah but what if she wants to spank me?"

"You are a good girl. You aren't going to do anything to deserve a spanking are
you?"

I said, "No." but I was worried he had not ruled out the possibility."

A few days later  She came out of their room and said, "Your Dad and I are going
dancing. How do you like my little black dress?"

It was awful! The hem barely covered her butt and it had a vee front that bared
all her cleavage and reached almost to her belly button.

I said honestly, "You look like a whore."

She got instant mad and slapped my face. Hard! hard enough to make me see stars.
I ran off to lock myself in my room bawling like crazy. I had to get even with
her!"

By the time Dad got home the red on my cheek had faded so I decided it was best
not to tell him about the slap since I would also have to admit I called her a
whore.

He loved the damn dress saying, The hell with dinner. I want to take you to a
restaurant before the dance to show you off."

Granted the dress was no more revealing than the dresses actresses wore to the
Academy Awards but she was no movie star.

I watched TV with the boys for awhile but their constant staring at my boobs
under my t-shirt embarrassed me and I went to my room to play on my computer
until it was time to shower.

I was washing my hair with my eyes closed when I heard a chuckle. I wiped my
eyes with a washcloth and turned to see both boys staring at my nude body and
giggling. I tried to open the door to kill them but they easily held it closed
and I realised they were enjoying watching me struggle so I huddled in the tub
to hide myself. They finally tired of just seeing my back and the top of my buns
and left.

I dried quickly then put on my robe and rushed down to scream, "You bastards! I
am going to tell Dad and he will kill you!"

They weren't even embarrassed! Matt just said, "Bullshit. If you didn't want us
to watch  you would have locked the door."

I was flabbergasted. I had always locked the door because Dad had told me to so
he wouldn't walk in on me. I had no idea why I hadn't locked it this time. I
sputtered a little and said lamely "Well you still shouldn't have done it.It
wasn't nice."

I got dressed and waited up for them even though they did not get home until
after twelve. I wnt down to hug Dad and said, "Her rotten boys peeked at me
while I was taking a shower."

They had both been drinking and she just giggled and said, "Boy's just barge
into the bathroom when they have to pee. You should have locked the door."

Dad agreed with her!  He said, "I told you to lock the bathroom door. You are
going to have to get used to boys being around. They never knock."

I went back to my room thoroughly disgusted they did not understand my terrible
embarrassment. I was especially mad at her.

End part one




PART TWO THE STEPCHILD

I went out the next morning to pooper scoop after our big labrador dog, Bones,
who I had insisted Dad buy me when it was a cute puppy. He had only agreed on
the condition I take care of it. It had been so cute as a puppy but now it was
huge and the big poop he left was really disgusting. He also had the
disconcerting habit of jamming his nose into your crotch at the most inopportune
times to embarress hell out of you. The pile in the scoop gave me an idea. I
opened her car door and carefully put it on the seat of her car under the
steering wheel then hid in the bushes giggling waiting for her to come out for
her daily shopping trip.

She came out wearing tiny short shorts and a t-shirt. When she sat down she
squealed and her eyes popped to make me roll on the ground laughing.

She did not see the humor in it. She ran over to grab me by the arm to drag me
over to the car and yelled, "Clean this up so you can eat off it. While you are
at it wash these!"

She jerked down her shorts and panties in one motion and threw the shitty things
at me. I could hardly believe she would strip like that. Our house was all by
itself but someone could have come up the driveway and I knew the boys would see
her when she went in.

Cleaning up was no big deal. They were vinyl seats and I just got a bucket of
soapy water that made them cleaner than before the poop. I was just  throwing
her shorts and panties in the dryer when she walked in to say, "Did you get the
seat clean?

"Sure. Better than it was."

"We'll see. Come with me."

She dragged me out to the car and said, "If it is so damn clean. Lick it with
your tongue."

I knew all I would taste was soap but it was still very humiliating and I think
I would have said "No" if she hadn't threatened to whip the skin off my ass."

When she was satisfied I had licked every inch of the seat she ripped off my
t-shirt to dry it and got in to make the tires squeal as she left. I held the
torn T-shirt in front of me and ran into the house. Thankfully the boys were at
the pool in back of our house.

I began to think I got off lightly and had to giggle as I tried to imagine how
the dog poop squishing up between her legs had felt.

I wasn't to get off so lightly. When Dad gat home she told him what I had done
and said I deserved a good spanking.

I protested, "Daaad She started it. She slapped me!"

"Only after she called me a whore and I didn't hurt her. Look . There is no
bruise."

'Dad! I saw stars!"

He ignored that, I almost wished I bruised easier. He said,  "I agree you should
be punished. Go to your room and stay there. No dinner!"

That was no problem. I had loaded up on junk food after school and planned to go
to my room anyway to go tease boys in chat rooms with my computer.

I only got a few steps when she screamed, " Bullshit!  She deserves a spanking.
She spends all her time in her room anyway. You have spoiled her rotten!  She
either gets a spanking or I am leaving!  She has to learn to show some respect."

Dad wimped out!  He said, "Well maybe you are right. I was spanked by my parents
and I guess it didn't cause much harm. It did make me think before I said or did
anything."

I froze then yelled, "Dad! she uses a leather strap!  It will kill me."

My Dad used his belt which is the same thing. It won't kill you but only ten.
Okay?"

Rachel said, "Okay ten this time but if she does something nasty again it will
be twenty."

I whined, Da-ad."

"Don't worry. It will be all over in a minute. I'll hold your hand."

Rachel said, "You can hold both of them. Allene lean over the card table so he
can reach your hands."

Dad had bought a big heavy octagonal shaped card table from a bar with a felt
top. He sat on one side and whimpering I laid over it  and held out my hands to
him feeling the felt on my bare belly when the half-shirt slid up.

I was wishing I had not worn my old jeans with the seat nearly worn out but she
didn't even allow me that!  She reached under me to unsnap my jeans and run down
the zipper then pulled my jeans and panties down to my ankles in one motion.

I yelled "No! No! Not on my bare bottom."

I really began to cry when Dad said, "Rachel knows best. You wouldn't even feel
a strap over jeans and panties."

He was wrong. It wasn't over in a minute. She hit me to cause a terrible sting
then would pause to let me feel tha pain radiate through my body while I bawled
and squirmed before giving me another. I gripped Dad's hands as hard as I could
while I yelped and squirmed hurt even more by embarrassment as the boys yelled,
"Good one Mom!"  or "Wow that one made her red!"  because it made it so plain I
was completely exposed.  My poor butt felt like it had been attacked by Killer
bees at the same time it was toasted. When it was finally over I laid limply on
the table. Dad lifted me up by my shoulders while the boys ran around to see me
standing. He held me against his chest to console me by saying, "It's all over
darling and we forgive you."

It wasn't until that hug which made my nipples rub against his rough wool shirt
that made me realize all my squirming had pulled my half-shirt completely over
my boobs leaving me naked from my ankles to my neck.

I pulled my arms from his back to jerk down my shirt and pull up my pants to run
to my room squealing in anguish when Matt yelled, " Nice tits. Sis!"

Dad must have realized how painful and humiliating it was because he protected
me from further spankings she wanted to give me for any little thing by saying
"She won't be sapnked unless she does something serious." That didn't make me
hate him any less. He had betrayed me for this slut!

Believe me I did nothing serious even though she kept riding me about my
"Grunge"  clothes  although everyone was wearing them. I guess she wanted me to
wear sexy clothes like her but they would make everyone at school think I was a
tramp.

Then yet another disaster in my life struck. A truck driver went to sleep at the
wheel and hit my Dad's little sports car head on. Poor Dad never knew what hit
him.

I knew Rachel had married him mostly for his money because all through the
funeral ceremony she discussed with her rotten boys how they would spend the
million dollars her lawyer had said they would collect from the trucking firm.

I didn't know how well off he was until the reading of his will. He had a net
worth of over three million dollars of which I would get half and she the other
half along with the house and cars. The catch was that my money was put into a
trust that I could not touch until I was twenty-one. God, That was nine more
years. In the mean time Rachel was to "Provide" for me.

I found out what that meant the next day. I was to get an allowance of ten
dollars a week. That would barely cover school lunches!  She said she would buy
my clothes and "Necessities" and I knew then my Grunge days were over. I planned
to wear the ones I had until they rotted off me.

I escaped to my room as soon as I got home from school. Fortunately Rachel let
me telling the boys I needed some time to mourn,  She didn't need it she spent
all day shopping for clothes and jewelry.

I had found that the only way I could take my mind off my troubles and get some
sleep was by masturbating. It became a nightly ritual. One night I had a dream
about Mel Gibson and woke up feeling excited. I kicked off my covers and pulled
my nightie up to my neck to tickle my clitoris and pinch and pull on my nipples.
My eyes were closed imagining Mel was doing it to me. I was just about to go
into orgasm when I heard a giggle.

I snapped my eyes open and Matt and Josh were standing there grinning at me
while rubbing their crotches. They must have found a key to my room.

I jerked the covers back over me and yelled, "Get out of here! I am telling
Rachel! She will take the skin off your asses!"

"Oh you won't have to tell her. We will."

Josh began yelling, "Mom! Mom! Allene is playing with her pussy!"

I heard steps coming up and Rachel pushed by the boys into my room yelling, "Is
that true. Your Dad took you to church. You know  what the Bible says about
that!"

We had gone to church now and then but masturbation had never come up in a
sermon.. I yelled, They are lying. They broke into my room. I had an itch and
was scratching. That's all!"   Besides My sex ed teacher said there was nothing
wrong with masturbation."

She came over and threw off the covers to grab my vagina and let her middle
finger slip into the little slit.

She pulled it out to show my juices glistening in the sunlight and said 
triumpantly, "Girls don't get that wet from scatching. You have committed a sin
and lied about it. I am going to blister your butt!  Boys go get my strap and
four neckties."

I had pulled the covers back up and was frightened to death but she just ripped
them off again and jerked on my arm to make me fall to the floor bruising my
hip. she jerked me up on my feet and led me to the foot of my antique four
poster bed.

I was barely there when the boys appeared panting from the run up and down the
stairs. She said "Tie her ankles and wrists to the posts."

I fought when they tried to pull my ankles apart so Rachel kicked the inner
sides of my ankles to force my legs open. then they pulled up my arms to tie my
wrists to the top of the posts. I was so stretched I felt my vertebrae pop.

Then she said, "You are too big for this childish baby-doll nightie."  She
ripped off my cotton nightie with the Disney characters to leave me completely
naked and blushing as the boys stared at my boobs and nearly hairless pussy.

She began beating my ass. Hard!  The stings turned to burns as she went up and
down from the top of my butt to mid-thigh. I have no idea how many times she hit
me. When she quit I was so hoarse from screaming I was reduced to sobs and
hiccoughs and she was sweating so much her dress was wet and sweat was dripping
from her nose.

She said, "Okay Tie her face up on the bed."

I was so exhausted from the beating  I was limp and they had to drag me on to it
to re-tie my ankles to the foot posts and my wrists to the head posts.  I was
stretched into an "X" position  that exposed me terribly and I closed my eyes to
avoid the leers of the boys.

I heard her say, "Just the thing to keep the stings alive. Lift up her ass
boys."

They each grabbed one of my poor stinging ass cheeks and lifted me to bring on
hoarse screams as my shoulder joints stretched then she jammed a  pillow under
my butt that had a crocheted cover I had done in twine when I was little. I
loved it with it's horsies and cows,and chickies but now the twine seemed to rip
at my raw butt.

She flipped the cover over me and said, "Let's go boys. With her hands tied she
won't be playing with herself."

As if I wanted to. I hurt so much I wished I could faint but I was not that
lucky and had to feel the twine digging in finding it was best to lie perfectly
still.

I heard her car leave and the boys began pounding up the steps the moment her
car screeched out the driveway.

They went to the foot of my bed and grinned at me then Matt said, "Are you
pretty sore?"

"Shit!  That has to be the understatement of the year and you bastards caused
it!"

Josh grinned and said,  "We have been talking. Maybe we can help."

They began pulling down my cover an inch at a time. I know it may seem silly
since they had alreasy seen me naked but the slow exposure was embarresseing me
so much my blush may have been as deep as the red on my butt.

When the cover was down to my feet  they climbed up on the bed to kneel by my
helpless naked body. Matt said, "We can make you forget all about your butt."

They began caressing my nipples and pussy. At first I hated it but then it began
to feel really good and the stings coming from my butt just seemed to add to my
excitement. He grinned at me and said, "See that is better isn't it. We always
jerk off after a spanking. It really helps."

I didn't bother to answer not wanting them to know what a slut I was to enjoy
having my step-brothers touching me so intimitely. They began to get bolder
putting their fingers in to my slit to rub my clit and the tender inner lips
while pulling and pinching my nipples with their free hand. I began moaning and
squirming no longer caring about the twine digging into my raw butt as I
approached orgasm.

Just as I was almost there. Matt jumped off the bed yelling, "Shit! Mom is
back!" They hurriedly pulled the cover over me and ran downstairs before she
came in leaving me frustrated plus now the pain was rapidly coming back.

She came into my room with a little sack and said,  "Since you like to rub your
pussy, I thought I would give it a good rub."   She pulled a round brush at the
end of a handle that I recognized as a pot scrubber.

She brought it down to my pussy so open from my spread legs and began rubbing it
hard!  I howled as she wore the skin off it seemingly forever. Finally she
stopped and said, "You are bleeding a bit. I have something for that."  She
pulled out a bottle of iodine and a cotton puff. She soaked the puff and rubbed
it on my pussy!  It burned so bad she might as well have poured gasoline on it
and set it on fire. I fought and squirmed until I was exhausted but there was no
way I could break loose from the neckties.

She left yelling, "Boys!  Clean up. We are going to shop for some school clothes
for you."  I heard her car leave shortly afterwards and knew I would be left
still tied. My squirming had made my butt feel almost as raw as my crotch and I
laid there crying until I was finally able to go to sleep.

I awoke some time later and most of the pain was gone to be replaced by an itchy
feeling  I scratched by gently moving my butt on the pillow. A short time later
I heard her car come in and then steps coming up the stairs. The boys were with
her but I was too scared to be embarrassed when she ripped off the cover to look
at my crotch.

She said, "You heal nicely. Scabs have already formed. Are you going to keep
your slutty fingers off of it now?"

I whimpered, "I will never touch it again. I swear!"

"Okay. For a few days it will be too sore to play with anyway. I suppose you
played with those oversized boobies too. You did didn't you? Be honest!"

I whimpered, "A little maybe."

"Then they are going to have to be punished a little.  Josh. Go down and cut a
switch."

I felt betrayed! I thought the boys felt sorry for me but Josh grinned then ran
down as fast as he could. Matt came over to me grinning and began squeezing my
boobs saying, "They are pretty big for a twelve rear old. Huh?"

"Yeah. She is some kind of freak. They will be bigger when I am through. Now
leave them alone. She may like that!"

Nothing could be further from the truth. His fondling them only scared me since
I knew they would soon be joining my crotch and butt in pain.

Josh burst into the room carrying a switch about three feet long. She began
beating my boobs with it!  She was especially mean making the evil tip hit my
nipples to make me scream.  It seemed to go on forever. Thankfully they became
numb eventually and I just felt the pressure as the switch dug into them.

She stopped and said, "See. I told you I would make them bigger. Look how much
they have swollen."

Matt and Josh stared at them  rubbing their crotches and Matt said, "Yeah. Wow!
They look as hard as cantaloupes. Can I touch them?"

She yelled, "You are touching yourselves!. You know how I feel about that! 
Josh! Go get the flyswatter."

Josh whined, "No Mom. Please. We couldn't help it!"

"You WILL learn self-control. Get it!"

I couldn't understand why that scared him so much. She had used a switch on me
that  still had my boobs burning and throbbing. How bad could a flyswatter be. I
thought they were real wimps.

She moved my library table out into the room as Matt watched her apprehensibly
with tears beginning to form in his eyes.

I found out how bad a flyswatter could be. When Josh returned  taking a lot more
time than it had to get my switch she said,  "Okay you know the drill. Drop your
pants and get to the table."

They whimpered but moved to the table and dropped their pants to lay their dicks
on the table. They had been hard but now their dicks had shrunk as if trying to
hide in their body. She had them press against the table until their balls were
pushed betwen their legs. She took the neckties off my ankles to tie their hands
behind their backs. I took the opportunity to slide off that damn pillow.

She grabbed the heads of their dicks to pull them out straight causing a howl of
anguish then began hitting their dicks with the flyswatter. They howled again as
it came down to redden their dicks but didn't pull back evidentally knowing she
would do something even worse if they did.

She hit them endlessly. To my amazement even though they were crying their dicks
began to lengthen!  She stopped suddenly and yelled. "Don't touch them or I will
use the switch!"

It must have been really hard not to caress their now dark red peni but they
pulled up their pants carefully holding the front out to avoid having them
scraped then ran to their rooms bawling.

She looked at me and said, "See. I am fair. If the boys masturbate I punish them
too."

I still did not think she was fair. The brush on my vagina had to be worse than
the flyswatter.

She untied my wrists and said, "Okay you can go take a cool bath to stop the
sting and reduce the swelling but don't put on any clothes. I will be watching
to see if your vagina gets wet again. After your bath come down to dinner but no
clothes!"

END PART TWO




                            PART THREE THE STEPCHILD

I went to the bathroom and looked in the mirror. My poor pussy had a lot of
scabs and my boobies had become black and  blue.  The cool water felt good and I
laid in the tub until she hollered that dinner was ready. I dried very carefully
to keep from hurting my boobs and to leave the scabs intact. I went down the
stairs naked actually glad that clothes would not be rubbing on my sore body.

At dinner I ignored the boy's stares and kept my eyes focused on my plate. She
said, Tomorrow is Monday. You can stay home from school though because I am
going to have a talk with your slutty sex education teacher."

I wanted to talk to her too. I was sure it was not normal to punish kids so bad
for masturbation and wanted to see if there was any way to stop her but I wasn't
going to get that chance.

That night after she had gone to bed Matt and Josh slipped into my room. Josh
said, "I have some sunburn cream. It really helps."

I said, "Did you use it on your pee pees?"

"Naw. It hurt like hell. The heads of our dicks is real sensitive but the red
and hurt is all gone now. See?"

He opened the flap on his pajamas to show me his dick. It was back to the normal
color and it was rapidly getting hard either from the act of showing it to me or
seeing my nude body  which was still too sore to have covers rubbing on it.

I said, "Yeah it looked like it hurt. Have you ever thought about running away?"

"Yeah we even tried it once but she found us and gave us a terrible whipping so
we never tried again. We don't want to now anyway. We are rich and we have you."

"Maybe not for long. I am going to get away from her somehow. I can't take any
more punishment."

"Where would you go? Mom says you don't have any relatives that are still alive.
Besides you can avoid punishment by being good. She is going to take us to
Disney World after school is out. You wouldn't want to miss that. Would you?"

I had been to Disneyland when I was little and really had a good time. I began
to think it may be best to stay as long as I was careful not to piss her off. In
spite of what the sex ed teacher had said I knew it was not right to masturbate
because my real mom had told me not to touch myself down there when I was
little. Maybe I had deserved being punished.

Josh said, "Lets try the salve."

I felt a little guilty saying, "Okay,"  knowing I should have just asked for the
salve to put on myself but I laid back  and opened my legs.

Matt must have been fascinated by my breasts because he chose to put the salve
on them while Josh put it on my crotch. It felt wonderful!  They had stopped
hurting by then anyway and this was great. I only whimpered when  occasionally
Josh's fingers pulled at a scab. My excitement rose and this time there was no
interruption and my body began to convulse as
powerful orgasms ran through me.

They watched me awestruck as I shuddered and moaned then when I calmed down Josh
grinned and said. "Our turn."

They pulled down their pajama bottoms and crawled up on the bed to kneel by my
sides  then Josh squeezed the salve into my palms. I thought it was the least I
could do and began rubbing it on their now very hard dicks.  They got a look of
pure bliss on their faces  then Josh made a funny face  and so did Matt.
Suddenly this snotlike stuff shot out of their dicks to land on my stomach. I
yelled, "Gross! What is that?"

Matt laughed and said, "That is the stuff that makes babies. It won't hurt you.
It doesn't even taste bad. Thanks I feel a lot better. Josh said,  "Me too!" and
they pulled their pj's back on to go to bed.

Their stuff didn't hurt or anything but it felt gross so I got up to take a
quick shower then slept like a baby.

The next morning I got up and looked at myself in the mirror. My boobs had
purple stripes but they didn't hurt anymore and I saw the salve had taken the
scabs off my pussy which now felt okay except for still being red. My butt was
really bruised but it didn't seem to hurt either. I was starved but I didn't
know if I dare put on clothes to go downstairs or not. I finalkly decided that I
was getting used to being naked anyway and didn't want to take a chance on
pissing her off so I  compromised by wearing a robe I left open at the front.

Matt and Josh were seated at the table having breakfast. They grinned ear to ear
as they watched me walk toward them with my boobs quivering at each step. I
blushed but in truth I kind of enjoyed the fact they loved to see me.

She noticed me and said, "Drop the robe. I want to check you out."  I let it
fall to the floor and she came over to walk around me  patting all my bruised
places and saying, "I did a good job on you. Still hurt?"

"No. My boobies and butt are still throbbing a bit."

"You have amazing recuperative powers. I see the scabs have even fallen off."

I was afraid she may wonder if the boys had helped and said quickly, "I took
another shower and they kind of dissolved."

"Good. I know if I have to do it again there will be no permanent damage."

I became scared and said, "You won't ever have to do it again. I won't touch it
except to wipe after I pee."

I thought to myself I would not have to touch it now that the boys were so
willing to do it for me. I looked down at the floor and saw the chain we used to
tie up our dog.

I asked, "Why is that chain in here?"

She said, "It occurred to me that you may think about running away. The chain
will allow you to get to the sink, the toilet and the fridge while I go downtown
to see that slutty sex ed teacher."

I felt trapped! I had already decided to go to the Police to see if they could
make her stop hurting me but now that chance was gone. She wrapped the chain
tightly around my waist and put a padlock in it  hanging at the back. I followed
the chain with my eyes and saw the other end was bolted to the wall. She said,
There is a Bible on the table. Read the passages I have marked about spilling
seed and honoring your Mother."

She left and I explored the range of my tether. Just as she said I could reach
the fridge sink and toilet but not to a phone , the TV or the stereo. There was
nothing to do but read the Bible and sit and think. I began to think about the
trajedies in my life. How mom could not have any more babies because of me, and
her dying because of me, and the fact Dad had died because I had hated him and
wished he would suffer as much pain as me. Suddenly I realized it was not Rachel
punishing me it was God. Rachel was just his instrument and I was evil and
deserved eveerything that happened to me. Somehow the conviction helped me. I no
longer felt guilty about masturbating or enjoying the boy's fondling of my body.
It was just Gods way of consoling me after punishment just as Dad had hugged me
after the spanking. Naturally the greater the punishment the greater the
condolence which explained my marvelous orgasm I received from the boys after
Rachel's cruel treatment.

Rachel returned later and said, "I told that bitch off. Then went to your
principal to see about getting her fired. He wouldn't do it because he said the
school board decided the curriculum but he said that if I objected I could teach
you at home with correspondence courses. Do you know what that means."

I didn't even know what curriculum meant and had never heard of home teaching so
I said, "No. What does it mean?"

"It means that I own your little ass!  It means you will never leave this house.
It means you will never wear clothes again because you are just an animal no
different than a dog. And as an animal you will always be leashed!  You will
learn to be a good little doggy. What do you think of that?"

She was shocked at my answer,  "Yes. I deserve that. I killed my parents and God
has sent you to punish me for my terrible sins."

She gulped but recovered quickly saying, "Yes. I am glad you understand. I may
tell you to do things that are very humiliating or painful but you will obey!
Won't you?"

"Yes. even if you kill me I will deserve it."

She laughed at that. "Oh no! I won't kill you. I plan to enjoy you for years.
Now let's see if you obey. Come over here and lay on your belly so you can lick
my toes."

I did it and the fact she was wearing open toed sandals and her toes were dirty
seemed to make it better to be so humiliated. I thought I must be pleasing God.

She seemed disappointed I obeyed with no protest and said , Wait. Let me get
these jeans off."

I raised myself to kneel just as I should in church to be humble for God while
she struggled to get off the tight jeans and then her slutty thong panties. I
looked at her crotch and realized  what a grown-up looked like. Not the sparse
hair like on my crotch but a regular bush of black curly hair.

She said, "Lick my legs."

I began licking the fronts and sides of her ankles and as they became wet from
my tongue she kind of trembled and said ," Higher."  I licked her thighs feeling
the stubble of hair on my tongue and when I got close to her crotch she grabbed
my hair to pull back my head to look at her and said, "Now you will do what only
whores and lesbians do. You will lick my pussy. Not just the outside. You will
stick your tongue into my slit and lick deep. I hope it tastes bad."

It didn't though. Just different. Like tuna fish only stronger.  Even that taste
went away as my saliva and her juices washed her to soak my face. She began to
tremble harder and I realized that my tongue was having the same effect on her
as the boy's fingers did me. I looked up at her face that was getting an
agonized look as her tummy pulsated then she let out a sigh and pushed me back
to sit on my heels.

She patted my head and said, "Good doggy." but just the humiliation didn't seem
punishment enough for what I had done.

I whimpered, "Aren't you going to punish me for doing something so slutty?"

She seemed surprised again but then said, "Yes of course. You should have
protested until I forced you but I won't be severe. The flyswatter is on the
counter. Get it for me."

I started to get up to do it but she snarled, "No! Go on your hands and knees.
You are a dog. Remember?"

I crawled to the counter and kneeled up to take the swatter in my teeth as a dog
would and crawled back to her to kneel again as if a dog begging.

She took it from me and said, "Are your nipples still tender?"

"Yes. Why?"

"Because I am going to whip them with this. Stupid dog!  Put your hands on the
top of your head. If you take them down I will use the strap."

I put my hands on my head and grabbed the hair to help me keep them there. She
began hitting my nipples!  I would never have guessed a simple flyswatter could
hurt so much. As tender as my nipples were I knew the boy's had suffered even
more having their dick's hit with it.

It went on and on but I didn't get numb like the switch the stings just seemed
to get worse and tears were running down my face when she quit to say, 'You have
paid for your slutty behavior. Now doggy training. I bought you a present."

The present was a dog collar and leash and a riding quirt. She said, "First you
will learn to heel."  She started walking around and any time my shoulders wer
not even with her legs the quirt would crash down on my butt to make a terible
sting.  She would speed up and slow down and come to sudden stops and No matter
how I tried I could not stay even all the time. When she brought the quirt down
between my butt cheeks to let the leather thong on the end hit my anus it hurt
so bad I would leap forward which would just earn me more.

Finally she tired of the game and said . "We will work on that some more
tomorrow. Sit up and beg." I knew how our dog did it and went up on my knees
with my hands by my shoulders to whimper. She loved that! I was still in that
position when Matt and Josh walked in.

She grinned at them and said, "I am training Allene. Doesn't she make a good
doggy?"

Matt said, "Yeah. Real cute! "and Josh said "I love that position."

"Allene doesn't have to go to school anymore. I arranged home schooling so she
will be available all the time."

Matt said, "Great!  Can we have home schooling too."

"It is too late for this year. There is only a week left in school then we are
going to Disneyworld. Her sex ed teacher told me it was important for children
to learn about sex. Allene and I will teach you. Matt is oldest so he will be
first. Josh take twenty dollars from my purse and go to the movies. Tomorrow it
will be your turn."

Josh grumbled but left knowing he would get a turn of his own.

She said, "Matt take off your clothes for the lesson."

I thought he would rip them he hurried so fast. then she said, "Since she is a
doggy we will start with doggy style. Allene get on your hands and knees"

This was too much. I said, "No! I won't be a virgin anymore."

She got mad! "That 'No'  will earn you ten swats with the quirt. It doesn't
matter whether or not you are a virgin. Get on your hands and knees!"

I did and she began hitting my ass with that terrible quirt. one on each cheek
then one down the crack to make me scream when the tip hit my anus  and with the
last the thong dug into my pussy!  The pain was indescribable.

He kneeled behind me and drove his penis into my pussy. There was a sharp pain
as my hymen ripped then it began feeling good. She must have noticed the look of
rapture on my face because she yelled, "No! She is enjoying this too much. Stick
it into her asshole."

He did and I swore he had ripped it too but then even that began feeling good. I
had one or two orgasms before he grunted and pulled his soft dick out of me.

He flopped on the floor panting and sweating. She said, "While you rest I will
prepare Allene for something more exotic."

She went to the kitchen drawer and came back with a roll of twine and a knife.
She pulled out one of my nipples to wrap twine around it tightening it until I
gasped in pain then she did the same to my other one running the twine back to
my first nipple to tie a knot. My nipples hurt terribly. I thought the twine may
cut them off and they throbbed from the trapped blood. She still wasn't through.
she went back to the drawer to return with a spoon. she put it between the two
strings and began turning it. This slowly tightened the strings to make me feel
sure my nipples would be ripped off and she didn't stop until the nipples were
nearly touching and I had cleavage almost to my neck.

Matt stared fascinated as he caressed his now hard again dick then she said,
"Stick your dick into the cleavage and pump."

Just the thickness of his peter stretched my nipples even more and I howled and
kept howling as he thrust jerking at my nipples until his cum shot up on my
neck.  He fell back and I continued to bawl while she cut the string with the
knife to let my nipples spring back then pulled the bow to take the pressure off
them. They hurt again as the blood flowed back leaving me curled up and trying
to soothe them with my hands while I cried.

She said, "That's enough for the first lesson Matt. Go to bed."

As he went up the stairs still naked I heard him yell, "Josh. Josh! You aren't
going to believe what happened!"  I knew he would tell every detail and dreaded
seeing their smirking faces the next morning.

It was over for him but not for me.
END PART THREE




                        PART FOUR THE STEPCHILD

 She jerked up my head to look at her and said, "You enjoyed being fucked in
your pussy and ass. Admit it! I know you did!"

I whimpered, "Yes but I couldn't help it"

"That just proves your slutty nature. You must be punished. God would want you
to suffer."

She went to the kitchen and came back with a coil of rope and a cleaver!  I
became very frightened thinking she planned to chop off my head but then
remembered she was going to keep me alive to continue my torment.

She grabbed my leash and led me out to the willow tree. Somehow I felt even more
naked outside under the bright sun. She used the cleaver to cut off a switch
over five feet long. She handed it to me and said, "Strip off the leaves and
twigs."

I cried all the time I was stripping it knowing the length would give her
leverage to really hurt me.  She led  me over to a big pine tree that had two
limbs coming out like outstretched arms.  She threw the ropes over the limbs and
tied the ends to my wrists then grabbed the other ends of the ropes to pull down
on them to pull the front of my body against the tree. I
recoiled as the stickery bark stuck into my breasts and used all my strength to
hold myself away from it.

I looked at her fearfully with tears flowing as she slowly brought the switch
back then there was a terrific sting across my shoulder blades that made me
scream and flinch forward against the splintery bark. She hit me over and over
finally moving to my butt and now my under belly and pubic area was driven into
the bark.

When she finally quit little rivulets of blood were running from my front. She
brought me back into the house and tied me face up on the dining room table. She
soaked a washcloth in rubbing alcohol and began swabbing. I whimpered and
squealed at the terrible burning but it cleaned off the blood and she began
pulling out the stickers with a tweezer. That hurt too
but somehow I forgot she had caused this and was grateful for the nursing. She
seemed surprised when she had pulled the last sticker from my crotch and untied
me because I whimpered, "Thank you for helping me."

She looked embarrassed, "You are welcome. Go  to bed and sleep well."

I didn't though. There was too much to think about. I laid there on my back
feeling the welts against the sheet while idly caressing the stinging places
where the stickers had gone in. I was amazed that the fucking had felt so
wonderful and assumed I must be a born slut but the really weird thing was that
during my torment at the tree I felt a rapture as described by the
Bible. I began to compare myself to christian martyrs and even felt I knew how
Christ had felt while being crucified. That rapture seemed to confirm I was
pleasing God.

The next afternoon was Josh's turn at me which was much the same as Matt's
except she told me to beg him to fuck my slutty pussy and stinking ass which was
really humiliating. I only dreaded the tying of my nipples and at the end I got
a break because she let Josh punish me. He just used a little switch on my boobs
and pussy that actually excited me more than it hurt.

For the rest of the week she decided to let both boys have me at once. I learned
to suck their dicks to give them maximum pleasure and even once had them both
fucking me at once with Matt in my pussy and Josh in my ass while she watched
with the same happy look as mothers watching their children play in the park. It
was almost all pleasure. She even had them lick my pussy so I would know how she
felt. She bought a book called the Kama Sutra
and we began going through all the positions. Eventually she joined in and I was
glad to see Matt humping her knowing she would go to hell for her incest.

To my regret I found I was not going with them on the trip. Rachel thought I
would have too many opportunities to escape but after the last few days I
wouldn't have anyway.  They were pleased with me and she stocked the reefer with
food and soda's  and Matt talked her into letting me have my computer to kill
time.  He put it on the kitchen counter and I used it to
write this account just in case I die so people will know what happened to me.

As I wrote this I began to think about everything and decided that it was not
God who was punishing me after all. Rachel was just enjoying herself too much to
be an avenging angel.

I  dug around in the sack of cables and stuff Matt had brought down and found
the telephone extension cord. I plugged it into the phone jack left free when
she removed the phone and into the modem jack on my computer.

I have posted this all over the newsgroups. Someone please help me!  Call the
police or come in person. I will be alone for another two weeks. If a man or boy
rescues me I will make love to him anyway he wants for as long as he wants.
Please help!

I live at 1120 Marigold Lane  Bakersfield California.   PLEASE!!!!!


The internet is a wonderful thing! Less than an hour after I posted my plea for
help I heard the crunch of tires on the gravel driveway. I pulled against my
chain burying it in my tummy to look out the window to see a big black car
pulling up to the entrance.

Two men in dark suits got out and one of them was carrying a gun. I thought at
first they may be plain clothes cops but I never heard of cops driving a big
Lincoln Town car.

They came to the door and knocked, "I screamed, "It is locked and I can't open
it. Break it down!"

One of the men slipped on leather gloves and punched out a window pane in the
door and unlocked the door

I lunged against my chain with my arms out wanting to hug my rescuers and when
one got close I hugged him saying over and over "Oh thank you."

The other man came up and said, "That is a hefty chain. I'll get the bolt
cutters."

While he was gone the man I was hugging said, "Jesus. Are you really twelve? You
have the body of an eighteen year old."

I took that as criticism since my stepmonster had said I was a freak and
whimpered, "Do you think my big tits are gross?"

"Hell no! They are beautiful. They just look so big because of your tiny
waist.Playboy magazine would make you a centerfold if you were older."

I didn't think he was serious since all the girls at school had looked at me as
a monster and Matt and Josh had only enjoyed slapping them. I thanked him anyway
and then the other man cut off my chain as if it was nothing with a big scissor
thing.

The first man took off his suit coat and settled it over my shoulders as he
said, "Come on. We need to get out of here before others come."

I had been naked so long having the coat cover me felt strange but also gave me
a feeling of security.

They opened the back door and an older man about fifty pulled me over his legs
to sit between him and a boy about sixteen. His curly hair and smile reminded me
of Greek God statues I had seen on TV.

The driver said, "God, Frank. You should have seen it. She was naked with a
chain padlocked around her waist. Great bod for one so young.

The older man said, "My name is Frank Gotti and this is my son Georgio. He is
the one who saw your story on the computer. He convinced me it was not a hoax
and we came to see if we could help."

"Oh thank you sir. I owe you everything."

"Yes we will talk about that."

About that time I saw two police cars with lights and sirens heading toward us
to pass fast in the direction of my house.

I said, "Oh the police. Maybe we should go back. They may also be coming to help
me and maybe I can get my stepmother arrested."

"I doubt it. According to your story there are three of them who would swear
your story is a lie. I don't think the cops will take your word over your
stepmother's"

"Darn. You may be right and if they don't they would give me back to her. It
isn't fair. I wanted to see her punished."

"No chance from the courts. If your story is true she can hire the best lawyers
in town and would most likely get off but we can punish her."

"Really? How?"

"Does she have any close friends or relatives in town?"

"Not that I know of. I think she was from the east coast. She has an accent like
the Kennedy's. Why?"

"Good no-one will miss her. When is she due back?"

"In eight days Sunday after next."

"Okay the cops will have given up by then and my boys will be waiting for her.
She will get every punishment she gave you plus some."

"How can you do that? When you let her go she will have you arrested."

"I don't plan to let her go or the boys either. If she isn't too ugly there is a
good market for her and the boys as slaves. Slavery is not dead you know there
are still slaves in arabian and asian countries."

"Oh she isn't ugly. That is how she convinced Dad to marry her but she is a
total bitch."

"I figured that. Georgio printed your story and I read it on the way here."

"I looked a Georgio and he was blushing. I suddenly realized the coat had come
open and he was sneaking peeks at my hairless pussy."

I pulled the coat together more to stop his embarrassment than mine and kissed
his cheek as I said, "Thank you Georgio for saving me." he blushed deeper as
Frank said, "Speaking of thanks you said in your story that you would do
anything for the man or boy who rescued you. Did you mean it?"

"Oh yes. I owe you anything. God knows what she would have done to me next.
Maybe even kill me before I was old enough to inherit my money."

"Good. Considering your experiences I don't think you will object to what I
want.Georgio has been sheltered all his life. In this world of AIDs and all
other diseases I have not allowed him to date but he is now old enough to enjoy
sex and since your experiences have been limited to the two boys I doubt you are
infected. I want you to tutor him in all phases of sex and excitement. Would you
be willing? Your story indicates you have been trained."

I blushed remembering I had admitted enjoying the attentions of the boys and
hoped he would think my answer was out of gratitude rather than my gowing
excitement thinking of this gorgeous boy inside me."
I said, "Yes. It is the least I can do to show him the joys of sex."

"Good. I want him to experience everything that may excite him. Fellatio,
fucking in all positions, sodomy, and at least try submission, bondage and S/M.
Is that okay?"

The only terms I recognized were fucking and sodomy, He explained fellatio meant
licking and sucking dicks which I had done, Bondage which I had experienced and
S/M which I had not enjoyed."

"Oh gosh I have gone from the frying pan to the fire. Will he hurt me real bad?"

"No. Proper S/M only provides excitement to both partners. It will sting a
little of course and your skin will redden but I am sure the excitement will be
much more than the pain."

I gulped then said quaveringly, "If that is what you want It is the least I can
do."

"Good. To show you are sincere I want you to take off the coat and straddle my
leg for a little spanking."

"Oh. That will hurt but I'll do it."

I slipped off the coat and could not help but be pleased when he and Georgio's
eyes widened and Frank said, "My God. You are beautiful. Are you sure you are
only twelve?"

I giggled and said, "Almost thirteen. Do you really think I am pretty?

Georgio breathed, "Oh my God yes."

Frank's big smile convinced me he agreed.

Frank slid forward in the seat and I straddled his leg noticing for the first
time he was wearing leather pants to match his jacket. The leather made my pussy
feel like a large hand was cupping it.

He began to spank me with both hands one to each buttcheek and to my surprise
the sting combined with the impact to make my pussy move on his leg only created
excitement. After only a few spnks I leaned forward to put my head alongside his
neck to rub my nipples on his coat.

I looked at Georgio. Inexperienced as he was there was no doubt this was
exciting him almost as much as me. He was practically panting and rubbing a
bulge in his pants.

I don't know how many spanks he gave me and didn't care as the stings travelled
deeper into my body and my butt got hot it seemed to make my pussy even more
sensitive to the feel of his leather leg. Excitement built to one climax
followed by more When he finally quit I collapsed against him in sweet
exhaustion. I swear if I was a cat I would be purring.

I hadn't realized the men in front had been watching until Frank growled,
"Christ Sam! Watch the road. You damn near hit that car!"

"Sorry Boss. Kind of hard not to watch."

I was sorry when he lifted me off his leg to sit between them again and helped
me put on the coat.

It turned out he lived in the penthouse of a big hotel. We went to the back
entrance then took an express elevator right to his door. The place was
beautiful with a view all around.

I said it was lovely and was pleased when Georgio said not as lovely as you.

Frank asked if I was hungry and that reminded me that I had not taken time from
my story to eat.

I said, "I am starved!"

"Okay we will get you some clothes and go out to eat. What sizes do you wear?

I told him but when I gave my bra size of 34C he said you don't need a bra.
Those lovely tits stand up fine without support. He took Sam to the
door and said something to him. He left and came back with some sacks from
Nieman Marcus and a woman.

I blushed when she slid off my coat and began dressing me. I was surprised. I
thought he would buy me sexy clothes since I was to be a sex slave but she
dressed me in cotton panties, a slip, a skirt a few inches above my knees and a
frilly blouse. Then she did my hair in pigtails. I looked in the mirror and saw
that the naked woman had become a very young girl.

We went out to dinner and Frank was pleased when the head waiter asked if I was
his daughter.

That illusion went when we returned. He sent Sam and the other man away and then
said, "It is time for your lessons. Take off your clothes. You too Georgio."

Georgio said, "God Dad. I am embarrassed with you here."

"Get over it. Some lessons take two men."

When Frank started taking off his clothes Georgio joined him.

It was a fantastic night! First Georgio fucked me in several positions and then
Frank joined in to have me suck his dick while Georgio fucked my ass. I had no
idea there were so many sensitive nerves in there and his dick sliding in and
out of my tight rectum while his fingers played with my clit brought me to
orgasm in minutes.

Franks dick was much larger than Georgios but I found my butt could accomodate
him as well until we were exhausted and I went to sleep with Georgio holding me
in lovely feeeling satin sheets.

For the rest of the week we went through the positions of the Kama Sutra and
then it was time to sample bondage and S/M. I was hung from the ceiling by my
wrists with satin ropes and enjoyed their fondling while they seemed amazed at
how lovely the hanging made my body look.

I looked at the whip of six half-inch wide leather thongs in fear but to my
surprise the stings on my tummy crawling up to and over my boobs then down to
sting my labia only made me so fantastically excited. When Frank stopped
whipping me anf Georgio got close to unie my wrists I wrapped my legs around him
to pull his dick deep inside me.

The week flew by. at one point Sam joined us so I could see what it was like to
have dicks in my pussy, ass and mouth all at the same time. I loved it!

Then it was Sunday. Frank said, We will go to my beach house where we can have
privacy. I have a torture chamber there for friends who enjoy that sort of thing
and also to teach people who cross me a lesson.

I waited impatiently for my stepmonster to arrive at the beach house so isolated
her loudest screams could never be heard.

I was waiting impatiently in my little shool girl outfit and sucking on a
Tootsie Pop which I am sure made me look even younger.

Frank said, "I have re-read your story and made notes of what she did to you.
Look and see if I have missed anything."

He handed a note pad to me and it had the following list.
1. Enforced nudity
2. spanking with strap.
3. Hard spanking
4. pussy made raw then iodine to burn it.
5. whip breasts
6. Humiliation
7. whip nipples with flyswatter
8. buttfucking
9. titfucking with tied nipples
10. whipping against bark of tree
11. dog training
12. enforced pussy eating
13. double rape

I moaned as I read it remembering each thing then said, "Yes I guess that is
it."

"Okay she will get all of that and more. It will only stop when you are
completely avenged."

I could hardly wait to see her bawling as I had with all her pride taken away to
be a snivelling slave.

They arrived shortly after that. Sam came through the door pulling on some
twine. Then I saw her. She had duct tape wrapped around her mouth and head so I
could only hear grunts through her nose. I was a little disappointed to see she
was already naked so I could not witness her humiliation as her clothes were
taken from her. The dog-chain was wrapped tightly into her body from the tops of
her big breasts to her knees. In the fleshy areas of her breasts and butt the
chain was so tight the flesh had folded over it. She could barely move her legs
so just shuffled along slowly in spite of the inducement of Sam jerking on the
twine that was attached to her nipples by strong alligator clamps. The teeth had
bitten them enough to bring a little blood.

Then the other bodyguard appeared with two more pieces of twine. The boys came
in whimpering and crying. I could see why. Their hands were cuffed behind their
backs and the twine was tied around their penises to stretch them twice their
normal size.

Sam and his friend must have told them I wouuld get revenge because when they
saw me they began to cry louder.I felt sorry for them. After all they had only
hurt me under her orders.

I said, "Frank. I am not mad at the boys. They only did what they were told by
her."

"Really. That is what the Nazi's said. Did they enjoy raping and beating you?"

"Well yes. I guess so but she ordered it."

"True and she will be punished the most but the boys will know what it is like
to be whipped and raped. Okay boys. Take off the chain but leave the clamps on
her nipples and put another on her clit."

They unwrapped the chain showing the bruises the links had left then handcuffed
her hands behind her back, She stood there sobbong until Sam reached down to put
the clamp on her clit. She must have known that would be even worse than the
ones to her nipples because she fought like crazy. Even the two strong men could
not keep her still enough to get the clamp on her clitoris so they knocked her
to the floor and Frank sat on her stomach while the two men pulled her legs into
the splits to cause a howl as the teeth of the clamp bit into her clit.

Frank said, "Bend her over the desk for her spanking. Tie the nipple clamps to
the drawer pulls and the clit clamp to the leg."

She never stopped howling through her nose! Her breasts were pulled up almost to
her neck and the nipples were stretched as far as they would go. The clit clamp
pulled her clit out past the lips of her pussy.

Frank said, "I don't think you are strong enough to handle the paddle so Sam
will do her first spanking. "Okay?"

I nodded wide eyed. She was already being hurt more than I had and I didn't know
if I wanted to inflict even more pain. When Sam brought out the "paddle" I knew
what he meant. It was an oar from a boat with part of the shaft sawed off to
leave a four foot handle. I knew the weight and leverage of this long thing
would really dig in.

Sam hit her ass with a loud "Whap!" the flat part buried itself in her ass and
the pain must have been terrific because she jerked against the clamps to cause
even more pain.

By the fifth spank she must have finally realized struggling just made it worse
so she laid on the desk sobbing as her hips beat against the desk with each
spank. Her ass and thighs became a maroon color and finally Frank said, "Hold
it. Is that enough spanking, Allene?"

"Oh yes. She will be one big bruise. That is more than she did to me."

"Yes. Everything will be a little more."

He took out the note pad and made a check mark by items 1,2,3. then he said,
"Give her a shot of Meth. I want her alert for the next phase."

Sam took out a hypodermic and stuck it in a vein on her thigh. She was hurting
so much she didn't even notice the needle prick but in a few moments her eyes
opened wide again and she started shaking her head wildly as she tried to yell
through her nose.

Sam and Joe, the other guy, unhooked her clamps and she moaned "ank you" through
her nose.

They led her to the center of the room. and buckled her wrists onto ropes coming
from the ceiling then jerked her legs so far apart tendons appeared in her inner
thighs.

Frank said, "Do you want to brush her pussy or should I do it?"

"No. I'll do it. I want her to know how it feels to have your pussy made raw."

"Good for you. It is fitting that you should get personal revenge."

He handed me a wire brush about two inches wide that painters use to scrape off
old paint.

I went to her and said, "You are going to be sorry. You hurt my pussy so bad."

She stared at me and tried to yell through her nose as she shook her head but I
ignored her and rubbed the brush up from her asshole to her pubic bone. Even
though I didn't apply a lot of pressure her pussy began oozing blood as she
fought the ropes. I stopped but Frank said, "No that is not enough!" and took
the brush from me. He rubbed it until blood was oozing all over her pussy! He
stepped back and said, "Now for the burning part. Sam handle it."

Sam took a bottle and soaked a rag which he rubbed all over her pussy while she
screamed through her nose then I recognized the smell of gasoline!

Even that wasn't enough! He took out his cigarette lighter and held it to her
pussy. Flames exploded and instantly her super hairy pussy became bald and very
red. The flames only lasted a moment before the gas was exhausted but it was too
much for her. Her head dropped into a dead faint and she hung from her wrists
limply.

Frank said, "Okay. Put some anti-biotic cream on her pussy and let her hang
until she comes to for the next phase."

He checked off number 4 then said, "We will amuse ourselves with the boys until
she comes to.

I had forgotten they were there. I looked over at them where they were standing
with their dick's tied to table legs. They were dead white as they stared at
their Mother's now hairless and red pussy.

Frank said, "Boys. You are about to find out what being raped is like. Take my
advice and get Sam and Joe's dicks really wet with your saliva. A dry dick going
into your ass will really tear you up."

They just nodded and stared fearfully at Sam and Joe while they took off their
clothes slowly to make the boys fear build.

Sam and Joe must have liked butt fucking boys because their dicks were hard when
their shorts came down and they were humongous! Matt and Josh began to whimper
as they imagined those huge things ripping into their tiny anus's and as soon as
Sam and Joe got close they dropped to their knees to lick and slobber on their
dicks to make them as wet as possible.

Sam and Joe bent the boys over the table and used their hands to aim the heads
of their pricks against the tiny hole and work it in a bit then they lunged
forward. The boys howled like a wounded dog as the eight or nine inch dicks
buried themselves so deep the boys butts flattened against the mens thighs.

They never stopped howling and crying until Sam and Joe grunted and pulled their
now soft dicks from the boys bleeding assholes.

I felt sorry for them. My rape had not been nearly that bad and said, "Frank.
They have been punished enough."

Sam and Joe cut the twine from their dicks but Frank said thoughtfully, "Maybe.
But I want to try an experiment. Take off your clothes and see if you can get
them hard."

I loved taking off my Clothes for Frank since he always seemed so pleased to see
me naked. I had fun with it taking them off slowly as I had seen strippers do on
cable TV.

Frank and Sam and Joe grinned widely as my body came into view but the boys must
have been in too much pain and fear because they remained soft. I went over to
them and stood between them with my legs open to gently caress their dicks but
even that didn't do it.

Frank said, "Come on Allene. You have been trained. You know how to get them
hard."

I knew one thing that never failed. I knelt between them and pulled their dicks
close to my face as I licked and sucked one while caressing the other then
trading until their dicks began lengthening and finally became really hard.

Frank said triumphantly, "I knew you little bastards would want to rape this
child again. Joe and Sam put the clamps on the heads of their dicks."

The boys instantly went soft again as they sobbed,"No. Please no.!"

Sam and Joe ignored them and put on the clamps in spite of their screams and
used the twine to pull out their dicks so far the boys were pushing into the
table in a fruitless effort to relieve the strain.

Frank Got a switch and went to them to say, "After this when you see Allene
naked you will only think of pain rather than sex."

He began whipping their dicks with the switch which made them jump against the
clamps until they both fainted.

I resolved right then that if he could be that cruel I would never ever do
anything to make him unhappy with me.

Then he said," Alright. Let's go have some drinks until everyone comes to and is
alert.

We went to the bar in the next room while they made whisky drinks for them and
got me some Pepsi.

I said, "Frank. Please don't hurt the boys anymore. They have more than paid for
what they did to me."

"Okay Allene. Just give them a good spanking and it will be over as long as you
spank them hard enough."

I sipped my drink and wondered how bad I should spank them to satisfy him.

end part four




                        PART FIVE THE STEPCHILD

As I sipped my pop I noticed Frank was looking at me with a thoughtful look. I
also realized that in my excitement I had not noticed Georgio was missing.

I asked, "Where is Georgio?"

"He is home. Georgio is a sensitive boy. I think what we are doing would make
him ill. He only enjoys reading about playful spankings on the internet. I was
surprised he read your story although I can see how he could be hooked into
reading it."

"That made me very happy since I would be his tutor and I went to Frank to
settle my naked bottom on his lap and pleaded, "Please let him stay sensitive. I
will love him that way with only light pain."

I noticed a hardening of his pants as I wriggled into a more comfortable
position proving he was interested in me and said, "Do you like me Frank?"

"Yes I like you very much."

"Then please let me be sensitive too. I don't mind terrible things happening to
Rachel but can't you let me just give the boys a spanking with a hairbrush until
they cry. They told me they hated having Rachel bring it out."

"Well a hairbrush won't cause the damage I had in mind but if that will please
you it is alright with me."

"Oh thank you. Can I do anything to please you?"

"As a matter of fact your cute ass wriggling on me has given me a terrific
hard-on. Would you get it soft again for me?"

"Oh I would be happy to do that for you!"

I slid off his lap to kneel between his legs to unbuckle his belt and unsnap his
pants to pull the zipper down. He lifted his butt off the chair so I could pull
his pants and shorts to his ankles. Then as I was taught I licked his thighs,
his scrotumw and then the shaft of his now really hard dick before putting the
head into my mouth feeeling the velvety smoothness of it on my tongue. I moved
forward to get it deeper as I moved my tongue around it. Then I did the trick I
had learned to open my throght by simply yawning. I took a deep breath and it
was good I did because it filled my throat so tightly I couldn't breathe then I
licked and swallowed. The muscles in my throat tightened on his dick to make him
moan.

Suddenly he pushed my head back to say "No. I want to finish in your tight
little pussy."

I don't know if other girls are excited by sucking cocks but it does it for me.
I climbed back on his lap and once the head of his dick was able to stretch me
enough to enter the rest went in easily thanks to my really wet pussy.

I bounced on his lap giggling at the wonderful sensations until he made a
grotesque face and began jerking until his dick became so soft it slid away from
the grasp of my pussy muscles.

He sighed and said now we can get back to what we were doing with me much more
relaxed. Put on your clothes I don't want Rachel to have any idea she may be
equal to you."

I dressed again in my school girl outfit thewn we went back into the room where
the boys were waiting fearfully.

Frank said. "You boys are in luck. Allene said she would just be satisfied by
giving you a hairbrush spanking."

They whimpered but it was an obvious relief after having to look at the martinet
on the table all the time we were gone. I told them to bend over the table again
and they did it with no hesitation.

I began spanking them one cheek at a time noting the way the hairbrush sunk in
to make their buttock jiggle and turn red. I didn't try to keep count I had made
up my mind just to do it until they were both crying. Then I noticed something
weird! Their dicks were getting hard! It was also having an effect on me I had
not expected. I got this tremendous feeling of power to have them submitting to
the pain and even becoming excited by it.

Finally the pain got to be too much and they began to cry huge tears that
dripped off their faces so I stopped. They continued to lie on the table as if
expecting more and even looking confused and frustrated. I finally had to tell
them it was over and to stand up.

By then Rachel was fully recoverd and was staring at me with hate. Joe or Sam
had removed the tape from her mouth and she said, "I'll get you for this. You
bitch."

I said, "Frank. Why don't we have the boys whip her tits like she did mine. That
should really piss her off."

"Good idea. Boys if you don't whip hard enough your dicks will get another
whipping with the martinet!"

Matt shuddered then said, "No problem Sir. We owe her." Josh said, "Yeah. Me
too."

Sam went to a cabinet and came back with two sticks with heavy nylon strings
attached that had lead balls on the ends. He handed them to the boys while he
injected some more "speed". The boys took them and when they were close she
whimpered, "You can't do this. I am your mother!"

Matt said, "Yeah. A mother who abused us as far back as I can remember."

Frank said, "Don't stop until every inch of those big tits is maroon."

Matt said, "Yessir. We won't miss a place."

They stepped in front of her and brought the whips back behind their heads then
swung them as hard as they could. I don't think any other lashes could have hurt
more than these first ones. The lead balls hit right at her nipples and sunk in
deep to make her scream.

They continued to whip them up down and sideways. They were jumping like mad
under the weight of the lead balls as her screams became hoarse then Matt
stepped behind her to pinch her aboused nipples and pull up her tits so Josh
could finish any spot missed under the sag of her tits.

Matt said, "Is that good enough Sir."

"Yeah. I see you are both hard. Lets see how she likes incest. Fuck her pussy
and ass at the same time."

They obviously thought of this as a bonus because they immediately went to her
body stetched into an "X" shape and drove their dicks into her dry pussy and
ass.

I watched her intently and noticed the agony was leaving her face. I remembered
that fucking could make you forget pain and yelled."No. No! Frank, she is
enjoying this!"

He said, "I think you are right. There is other fucking she won't enjoy.
Sam get the electric dildos."

The boys so close to cumming kept pummelling her body to cum just as Sam came
back with two huge rubber dildos about the same size as a 6 cell flashlight that
had metal spikes coming out and bending forward about a 1/4 way up.

Frank said,"Watch her face when the spikes dig in. They carry 20,000 volts."

Joe and Sam began jamming the huge dildos in. I could see the size was pushing
her lips in and pulling them out then the spikes hit. Her eyes got as big as
saucers as she screamed until in spite of the speed she passed out again.

I watched her hanging there as her body twitched spasmodically. Her tits had
swollen to the point there was no more sag and a little blood was dripping down
her thighs.

Frank said, "That takes care of the tit whipping. Now for humiliation. Boys.
Wake her up. Sam and Joe left to bring back buckets. They splashed them on her
and I saw ice cubes bouncing off her body. Then they picked up the ice cubes and
pushed them into her pussy and ass. It must have hurt because she yelled and
strained to push them out of her.

"Okay. Go get the dog."

They came back in leading my big labrador. Rachel must have known what he
planned because she moaned, "No. I won't do it. That is disgusting."

"I have an alternative you would like less. Would you rather try that?"

"No. Oh God no! I'll do it."

Joe and Sam got her loose and she went over close to my dog and got on her hands
and knees. Frank said, "No. First you have to get him hard. Suck it's dick."

She moaned"Oh no." but went over to the dog. As usual he rolled over on his back
expecting a belly rub but he would get something infinitely better.

She pulled back the sheath over his dick and began licking the wet tip gagging a
little as she did it. The dog began to whimper and his dick lengthened. I was
amazed. I had never seen it out of it's sheath. It was bigger than Matt's. Frank
said something to Joe then told her, "Okay it is not going to get any harder.
get on your hands and knees."

She did it while Sam held back the dog straining at his leash then Frank
handcuffed her hands behind her back and pushed her swollen tits into the rug.

He said, "Since you are such a slut you may even enjoy this. I am adding
something else."

Joe handed him a a piece of plywood about two feet square with nails driven
through it. He lifted her head by her hair and slid it under her breasts.
Sam let the dog come to her to lick her pussy then mount her digging his
toenails into her back. I couldn't tell if his dick went into her pussy or ass
but the dog obviously was enjoying it while she howled then Joe went in front of
her and pushed down on her shoulders to push her tits into the nails.They
weren't long enough to cause great harm but it must have hurt a lot as they were
slid back and forth by the desperate lunges of the dog.

When the dog came with a whimper and backed out they hung her back up again
while we went for another drink.

Frank checked off "Humiliation, and butt fucking  then said, Next is the
flyswatter to her nipples."

Even though her nipples were badly scratched by the nail points I said, "That is
going to be pretty tame after what she has been through."

"Not so tame. This is a special swatter. It is made of metal mesh which carries
a positive electric charge. The negative end is a rod pushed into her pussy so
at each hit she is going to feel the effect of a cattle prod to both places at
once."

"Ooh I want to do that. I remember how bad the swatter felt on my nipples."

"Sure. Finish your drink and we will continue."

I chugged it down and we went back into the room. The boys were huddled in a
corner obviously afraid they may have to suffer more now that they had seeen how
cruel Frank could be.

She watched fearfully and whimpered as Joe and Sam approached her with a large
metal object like one half of a dumbbell. It was obvious once the big round knob
over four inches wide was forced into her pussy she could not possibly expel it.
Sam jammed two finger of each hand into her pussy to stretch it wide and Joe
forced in the metal thing.

They handed me the swatter and I hit her right nipple with it. Her whole body
jumped as muscles tightened from the shock and she began a series of moans as I
went back and forth from one nipple to the other until in spite of my hate for
her I quit after about ten to let her slump in her bondage.

I began to feel guilty since she had suffered so much more than me and said,
"That's enough Frank. She has been punished much more than I was."

"Okay kitten but one more thing since it was a lot of trouble to prepare. We
don't have a tree to whip her against so we made something. Bring it in boys."

They brought in a cut off telephone pole about 8 feet long they bolted to the
floor and ceiling. They had chopped at it with a hatchet or something to make
long splinters. Rachel stared at it whimpering no doubt remembering all the
stickers she had pulled from my body.

It looked evil and I said, "I don't want to do it."

"Naw. You aren't strong enough anyway. Sam did all the work so he can do it."

They brought her over to pull her wrists up with ropes through a ring near the
ceiling until her breasts were lightly against the pole in spite of her efforts
to avoid it. Then they put down a pipe with rings on it on the other side of the
pole to pull her legs about four feet apart and pull her crotch into the pole.
She strained as hard as she could to stay away from it but I knew with her arms
directly above her she would never be able to stay away.

Sam got a thick leather strap and started at her shoulders working down slowly
to push every inch of her into the pole. When he finally stopped at mid-thigh
her body looked like a porcupine.

They let her down and I thought the least I could do was pull her stickers for
her. She appreciated that even thanked me but when I was finally done and Sam
swabbed her front with merthiolate she screamed and passed out.

When she came to Frank said, "Your ordeal is over as long as you can be
completely obedient. Can you do that?"

"Oh yes. I'll do anything. just don't hurt me anymore."

For the next week she was not even allowed to get on hands and knees. She had to
crawl everywhere on her belly to obey any command. They tried everything to make
her rebel. She ate my pussy and licked my asshole and the men would pee in her
mouth and after pooping would make her lick their asses but she never hesitated
knowing refusal would bring terrible pain.

Frank decided she was ready for the auction and I never saw her and the boys
again. Money and a good lawyer can do wonders. Frank adopted me and my life has
been nothing but luxury and sexual thrills since. I am not even anxious anymore
to get my inheritance since I don't plan to leave anyway.

the end




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





