BDSM Library - Slut Reform




Slut Reform
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She was caught fucking with her boyfriend and everybody thought her a slut. Her whole family want to completely reform her.
OK GANG THIS INVOLVES A SEVERE WHIPPING BY BELT OF FRONT AND BACK OF
SCHOOLGIRL. IF THAT TURNS YOU OFF DON'T READ IT.
ALLENE




                                      Slut Reform by Allene

Jeeze just because you get caught fucking your boyfriend under the grandstand
everybody thinks you are the queen of sluts.

The school went ballistic and kicked me out for a week but that was nothing
compared to my parents reaction. The principal called my folks just as I got
home and Mom actually bawled at the shame of it all.  My Dad turned all red and
yelled, "You little slut! The whole town will know what you did. We won't be
able to hold our heads up."

I said, "Christ Dad. I was just making love to my boyfriend. We plan to get
married when I get out of school."

"My God. Now you are using the Lord's name in vain. You will be severely
punished for this."

"Oh God. How long are you going to ground me this time?"

"Obviously grounding you doesn't work. We are going back to your old
punishment."

"Oh shit! You don't mean spanking. I haven't been spanked since I was eight
years old."

"Yes and you are twice as old now so your punishment will be twice as bad."

"Oh no! Ten spanks left me sore for days. I can't take twenty."

"You have no choice in the matter. Go to your room while your mother and your
brothers discuss your punishment."

"Oh no. You aren't going to let them watch me are you. I won't have to take
down my panties like I did before. That is just too embarrassing."

"It is a little late to worry about embarrassment. The principal told me the
whole football team saw you naked fucking your boyfriend that is why you were
caught. The coach came over to see why his team was hanging around the
bleachers and saw you and broke it up."

"That was embarrassing. To make it worse they all stood around watching me do a
reverse striptease putting on my clothes. Isn't that humiliation punishment
enough?"

"Not by a long sight. You will soon forget your humiliation but you won't
forget your punishment. Now go to your room."

I left crying. I knew it would be bad especially with my damn brothers there.
They would love to see my bare butt. They had been sneaking peeks at me in my
room and in the shower since I started getting boobs at 12.  I decided to take
off my thong panties and put on cotton ones in the faint hope he would settle
with just spanking me on my panties.  They left me there for about an hour
while I became more frightened and also angry when I heard my brothers laugh.

Finally Dad called me to come down and when I got there he was holding a book.

He said, " Your brothers have shown me how adultresses were punished in
American history. It seems appropriate. Come here and look at this picture."

I went to him and looked at the book in horror. A woman was hanging from a tree
limb. They had ripped off her blouse so she was naked to the waist. There were
whip marks on her back and it looked like the whip was curling around to hit
the front of her body too.

I howled, "You can't be serious. That is awful and she is nearly naked!"

"We can't duplicate that scene since we don't have the tree or a whip, but we
have decided that the chandelier will hold you easily and we can use my belt
for a whip."

I knew it would I had watched him install it by bolting a hook to the rafters.
I kinda liked the idea of his belt. from past experience I knew it stung awful
but it did not leave terrible bruises like the fraternity paddle he had saved
from college.

Then a terrible thought struck me. "You said 'We." You aren't going to let my
brothers punish me are you?"

"You have disgraced the whole family. We will all punish you including your
Mother."

"Oh no. Not you too Mom. You should know how terrible this will be for me."

Mom said, "Yes and expect no mercy. I warned you on every date you went with a
boy not to let him touch you and you always agreed even though you knew you
would rut with him like an animal."

Dad said, "Enough talk.  Allene take off all your clothes while the boys put up
the rope."

I tried to hide myself as best I could while undressing but I knew it was
futile. Soon my hands and arms would be lifted to bare me completely. The boys
faced me while they dragged over a chair and looped the rope over the
chandelier so as to not miss my involuntary strip tease. 

Dad said, "Your Mom decided to take some mercy on you. She will wrap a towel
around your wrist so the rope won't cut you."

She wrapped the towel around them but Mike said, "I will tie the rope. Thank
God for Boy Scout training."

I scowled at him. Mom had squirted us out one after another. Mike was 18,George
was seventeen and I was sixteen. I had had to live through their puberty where
they peeked at me at every opportunity. When I complained to Dad about it he
just told me it was natural for boys to be curious.

Mike wrapped the rope around my wrists several times then tied a knot. As soon
as he finished George started pulling down on the rope to drag me under the
chandelier. My arms lifted and I felt my body stretch until my fingertips
touched the chandelier. 

George said, "Darn she is too tall to get her feet off the floor."

Mike said, "I can fix that."

He dragged over our huge ottoman footstool then they pulled my legs apart to
tie my ankles to its legs. Now my feet were off the floor to make me really
stretch but worse now my idea of keeping my thighs clenched together to hide my
pussy was history. I was sure the lips had opened to make me look absolutely
obscene.

My remaining hope was that Dad had always spanked me fast so the whole thing
should be over in less than a minute. That hope was shot down when Dad said,
"We will take turns giving you twenty lashes each. Your Mom first. then me,
then Mike and finally George. "

"Oh no. That is eighty lashes. That will kill me."

"No you will get a break between whippers. George suggested that at the end of
each session the whipper will pull out twenty hairs from your crotch and put
them in this bowl to be put on the mantel to remind you of this punishment.

I began to cry. That would be the ultimate humiliation. I didn't know how many
hairs I had but I was sure I would be nearly bald after eighty were taken from
me."

Mom took the belt from Dad and said. "This is for your own good Dear. When we
are done You won't want to mess around with boys anymore."

Her first lash was across my shoulders which stung bad but was bearable but the
next hit below my armpits and the end came around to hit the side of my breast
to make it jump and sting horribly. My scream of agony brought no compassion.
Mike laughed and said, "Good one Mom. That got her attention."

The next hit slightly lower but still high enough to hit my breast again to
make me howl.

She proceeded down my back to sting my stomach as well as my back while I
sobbed and yipped at the pain. 

Finally she got to my butt and now the tip hit my pubic bone and then jerked at
the lips of my pussy. My screams became continuous. Finally the one at the base
of my butt ended her twenty and as I hung there limply sobbing she took a
needle nose pliers from Mike.

She said, "It is impossible to get just one hair with this so I will just count
twenty pulls."

Thank God she started at the top but even there the pain of the hair ripping
out brought new squeals.

Dad said, "We will give her a rest before continuing."

I didn't want a rest. I wanted to get it over with as soon as possible and
hoped I would get numb as I had with spanking.

I sobbed, "No rest. Just get it over with!"

Dad said, "No. I don't want your nerves to become numb and deadened. I remember
from your spankings that you did not mind the last ones as much as the first."

I hung there sobbing while the boys came to me to trace the welts with their
fingers complimenting Mom on her good job. I was in to much pain to be
embarrassed even when they poked at welts on my pussy.

Just as my shoulders began to ache from being hung Dad came over for his turn. 
Maybe out of habit he concentrated on my butt. He stood behind me and
backhanded and forehanded it making me scream as the tip alternately hit one
pussy lip then the other and finally what seemed almost worse the tip hit my
tender inner thighs I was hoarse from screaming when he finished to take the
pliers to pull the hair. I was hurting so much the extra pain of the hair
ripping out seemed hardly noticeable.

Again I hung there while the boys prodded my welts and laughed at my balding
pussy. Mike said, "She is soon going to look eight years old again."

I could only sob.

They let me hang until my sobbing stopped and my breathing was back to normal
then Mike took his turn.

He stood behind me and made no pretense of hitting my relatively tough back. He
just backhanded and forehanded my sides to let the tip hit the center of my
breasts and the nipples to bring me to a whole new level of pain. I was beyond
screaming I could only gasp and moan as the belt jerked at my breasts and then
he hit the sides of my butt to make the tip jerk open the lips of my pussy. On
the final one he brought the belt up between my legs to bury it into the crack
of my butt and my slit to cause a burn that gave me strength to pull up on my
arms to lift the ottoman.

He was not gentle with the hair pulling either. he picked the hairs closest to
my slit to slowly pull my lips out to the maximum before the hair pulled out
making new sobbing.

I was obviously exhausted since I was just hanging there limply with my head
down so they gave me a longer rest and even brought me some water to drink. 
George said, "I think we should let her cool a little."

He went to the fridge and took out a tray of ice. Mom took out the partitions
since she liked to break the ice into chunks rather than cubes.  He brought
over the chunk of ice and began rubbing it over the welts on my breasts and
pussy. By then my body felt like it was on fire so it really felt good. So good
I didn't mind the indignity of him sliding it up and down the crack of my pussy
and on my nipples till they became like little hardons. I was so grateful I
thanked him.

He said, "You won't be thanking me in a minute. That ice will bring all the
nerves back to life."

Then they decided I was ready.  He stepped in front of me and I stared at him
in fear realizing he was going to hit my front.

He backhanded and forehanded my breasts keeping them in constant motion as I
felt the burn and sting and the pull as they were jerked from my chest wall.
after ten there  he started hitting up and down and across my pussy for the
last ten which nearly caused me to faint from the pain.

He was especially evil pulling the hair by pulling very slowly and even
stopping to watch my pussy lips at maximum stretch before finishing to giggle
as the lips jerked back when the hair gave.

They let me down but I was too exhausted to stand and just collapsed in a heap.
Mike picked me up and carried me to my bed. I was so exhausted I went to sleep
instantly in spite of the fact he was playing with my reddened pussy and
breasts.

End part one
Should I continue or is this too much. Allene




                                            Slut Reform 2 by Allene

The next morning I woke feeling my body tingling and my breasts throbbing
slightly. I got up and looked in my full length mirror.  I was surprised to see
that I only had a few welts where the edge of the belt had dug in. The most
damage was to my poor boobs which were black and blue. I hated George
remembering how he had hit them so hard they almost went into my armpits. 

Then I looked at my pussy. It was gross. They had pulled the hair in a circle
around my slit so I looked like a balding old man with the top bald and fringes
of hair on the outside. Not only that the old man had a sunburn.  Surprisingly
except for the throbbing of my breasts nothing hurt. I was glad for the belt
remembering how the paddle had made me so sore I could not sit down comfortably
for days. Since they hadn't spent much time on my butt it was just lightly red
kinda like a little sunburn. It and my pussy and my tummy tingled as my boobs
throbbed.

I was really thirsty which was no surprise since my whole body had been
drenched with my perspiration during the ordeal. I didn't want to put on my
tight jeans or anything else that would rub on my body so I just put on my old
soft cotton robe and went downstairs.

They were sitting around the kitchen table drinking coffee. I assumed they had
been talking about me and glared at them on the way to the sink where I
thirstily gulped down two glasses of water.

Mom said, "Well hello sleepyhead. Do you know it is almost eleven AM. "

"I was exhausted. You people were really mean. I still hurt. Especially my poor
boobies. I am sure glad it is over."

Dad said, "Let's take a look at you. You are a pretty girl and we don't want to
scar you. Take off the robe."

"Oh do I have to? I look awful."

"Yes."

I let the robe slip to the floor and as directed turned slowly in front of them
so they could inspect every inch of my body which made me blush to my toes.

Mom said, "As usual she exaggerates. The only bad welts are where the edge of
the belt hit. You guys need to be more careful about hitting flat. The edge
could cut her. We don't want her a bleeding mess."

I said, "You are a little late with that advice Mom. Once the red goes away I
am going to look like a zebra."

"Not late Allene. That is advice for the next session."

I cried in alarm, "Oh no. I thought it was all over. You wouldn't do it again.
I have learned my lesson. I promise I won't have anything to do with boys."

Dad said, "We know how you lie. We will be able to tell when you are truly
reformed. You don't have to go to school for a week so you will be punished
every night. We will let you heal over the weekend so I hope five sessions will
be enough."

I groaned. "Oh no. I will be dead by then"

Mike laughed and said, "You aren't going to die from a little whipping. Slaves
lived through much worse. We could be using a cat O nine tails which would shred
the skin from your body."

I shuddered at the thought then Mom said, "I have good news for you. We are
going to take advantage of that macrame class you wasted your time on to braid
a whip like the one in the picture. The thongs only look about an inch wide so
it shouldn't cut you no matter how hard it is used."

She showed me the picture again and I shuddered but the thongs did not look as
thick as Dad's belt so maybe it would be better.

I said, "That is really mean and evil to have me make a whip that will hurt
me."

Dad said, If you prefer we can use willow switches or an electrical extention
cord that will really make welts."

He had used a willow switch on my butt once and it had made my butt look like a
washboard and the stings had lasted forever.

I shuddered and said, "Oh no. I will make the whip."

Mom said, "Good. I will go get the leather. Meanwhile the boys had an idea to
keep a little pain alive while I am gone to remind you of your sluttish
behavior. Come out to the dining room and lie on your back on the table."

"Oh God. What are you going to do to me?"

"It will be a surprise. Just go lie down."

I climbed up on it then laid on my back with my thighs clenched together and my
arms over my boobs but that wouldn't last. Mom and Dad left for the leather
store while they tied my wrists and ankles to the table legs so I looked like a
big X. I whimpered "Are you going to beat me."

Mike grinned and said, "No that is for later. We are just going to get your
sensitive areas  more sensitive."

George brought him Mom's bucket of spring clothespins she used to dry blankets
and sheets with on the clothes line.

They began putting them on the lips of my pussy. They made a horrible pinch
that made me whimper and brought tears to my eye but they had no sympathy. They
lined them up on both lips as close together as they could get them and put one
final one on my anus which made me squeal.

Then they pulled out my nipples so they could put one crosswise and another on
the end which made me cry, "Please don't do this. It hurts terribly."

George just grinned and said. "That is the idea."

They used the whole bucket on my poor bruised boobs causing constant horrible
pain. Even that was not enough for them. They began flicking them with their
fingers to bring new pain.

When they became bored with that they went to my pussy and used the pins to
pull my lips widely apart. George said, "Wow look at that. We can see deep
inside her."

Mike poked his finger in and said, "Yeah. That is her cervix."

I moamed, "Stop this! It isn't right! You are my brothers."

Mike said, "Hey it is only incest if we fuck you and we won't. We are just
playing."

I cried, "I hurt all over. Isn't that enough for you?"

"No. You deserve this. Slut!"

I cried at that. Damn it I wasn't a slut. I had just fucked my boyfriend not
like my friend Lisa who had fucked the whole football team.

George said, "I saw a picture on the internet where a girl had a beer bottle in
her cunt. I'll bet Allene's cunt could take one."

"We don't have any beer bottles but we have a Christmas candle about that
size."

I shuddered the candle was about three inches wide and I whined, "No that will
rip open my poor pussy."

Mike said, "Bullshit. Girls have babies out of that. The candle is a lot
smaller than a baby's head."

"No! Don't do it. I'll tell Mom!"

"If you tell Mom we will come up with something worse. How would you like that
hot salsa stuck in your pussy."

The salsa was so hot none of us could eat it. just a drop burned my lips and
mouth and only milk stopped the burning. I cried, "Please No. Do the candle."

The candle reminded George of something else he saw on the internet. He lit it
then held it over me to let hot wax drip on my poor tits. I was sure I would be
horribly burned and squealed and begged at each drip. "Mike said that is enough
there. The wax landing on wax won't hurt her."

Maybe not but my boobs felt as if they were being cooked. They had not hurt
that much since I fell asleep in the sun and sunburned them.

It got worse. While Mike held my pussy lips open with the pins George dropped
wax into my gaping pussy. The burn was horrible and when a drop hit my clit I
screamed in agony.

That alarmed them so they blew out the candle and began pushing it into my
pussy. I felt a horrible stretch but they got it in while I cried at the
horrible indignity of this.

Then George got a horribly fiendish idea. He lit the candle then propped up a
mirror so I could see the flame slowly coming closer to my pussy. I realized
the flame would hit my clitoris. 

I yelled, "Blow it out. You can do anything else. I don't want to be burned
there it will ruin me."

Mike said, "Anything? Will you suck our dicks?"

I whined, "That is gross. I didn't even do that for my boyfriend."

"So what. Will you do it before your clit is barbecued?"

I thought they may be bluffing but I couldn't take that chance and agreed.

"And you will swallow every drop of our cum?

"Oh God that may make me puke."

"That's okay. You couldn't have much in your stomach you haven't eaten since
yesterday."

They slid my body up on the table so my head was hanging off of it. He told me
to open my mouth and he stuck in his dick. It wasn't a true blow job he simply
fucked my mouth laughing when I gagged when his dick hit my throat. Eventually
the gag reflex went away and his dick went in and out so just the head was in
then so deep my nose went into his pubic hair. Meanwhile George was picking the
wax off me. I know it seems incredible but the mouth fucking and picking turned
me on in spite of the pain. He shot his sperm down my throat when it was in so
deep I didn't have to taste it.

George was more subtle. He told me to use my tongue to rub it and made it last
by pulling out to make me lick his sweaty balls and then put it in again. He
pulled out at the last second and came on my face. It was horribly humiliating
as jets covered my lips and nose and eyes. Then he scraped off the cum with his
finger and fed it to me. To my surprise it did not taste bad.

That made them happy and Mike offered to take off the pins. Actually they
didn't bother me that much anymore. The nerves had deadened so there was just a
throbbing. They untied me and had me stand with open legs in front of them.

When he took off the first one I found it hurt worse to remove them than to put
them on if that was possible. I squealed as each was removed and when they were
all gone I rubbed the wrinkled flesh they had caused.

That made them feel better and I sighed. George laughed and said, "She really
is a slut. She is jerking off in front of us."

I said angrily, "I am not! Rubbing makes the hurt lessen." But there was no
denying the fact my pussy was getting wet as I rubbed it.

While I was still rubbing Mom and Dad came home.

I entertained the idea of telling her what the boys made me do but thought
better of it knowing they would get even.

She came to me and said, "The pins left  marks. Did it hurt a lot?"

"Yes of course. Especially when they were taken off."

Mom said, "Boys I am surprised by you. I only meant you to put on a few. It
looks like you used the whole bucket."

"We did. You didn't tell us how many."

"Yes I guess it is my fault. Sorry Allene."

"I said grumpily, "That doesn't help much now."

"Well I got the leather. Making the whip will take your mind off it. You can
start after lunch. You can put your robe back on now. While you are busy on
your whip I am going to make you a new one. "

The boys looked disappointed but I was grateful since I knew being naked just
made them think of other things they could do to me.

After lunch I went to my room to make the whip. Even the robe irritated my many
hurts so I took it off. She was wrong about taking my mind off pain. As each
braid was formed to make the handle of the six lengths of leather about an inch
wide and a quarter inch thick I imagined how it would feel hitting me. I
knotted it then held the knot in my mouth with the ends between my legs as I
formed the braids. The leather thongs rubbed my pussy as I braided and
incredibly in spite of the fact I knew this thing would hurt me the leather
excited me. By the time the handle was the specified lenth of eight inches I
was really excited and dragged the thongs over my pussy until I got so excited
I locked my door and masturbated until I got to orgasm.  The strange thing is
that I normally fantasized about being fucked by my boyfriend but this time I
imagined myself hung naked from a limb with gobs of people staring at me as a
man sawed the thongs of the whip between my legs telling them I was such a slut
I was getting the whip wet.

The orgasm caused me to take a nap and I was awkened by pounding on my door, I
put on the robe and Mom said, "Why was your door locked? You are never to lock
it again. God knows what you may be doing in there."

"I was tired and didn't want the boys to bother me."

"Okay. Try on your new robe.."

She handed me this brown thing and I realized she had made it from burlap bags.
When it was on I said, "Oh this thing has a million little needles sticking me.
It will be awful on senstive skin."

"Yes that is the idea. From now on that will be your only garment. You don't
have to wear it if you don't want to but if you are naked it will be a sign you
are willing to accept humiliation and punishment. Now come downstairs they are
waiting for you."

God you talk about a no win situation.

As we went downstairs the needles rubbed on my thighs and I wished my boobs
were smaller so they would not bob and let the needles stick my nipples.

When we were downstairs the rope was already hanging ominously from the
chandelier.

I anticipated the command and took off the robe and stood under the rope
holding out my wrists for the rope.

Mike said, "Wow. She acts like she is anxious to get started."

I scowled at him and said,"No. I just want to get it over with. Thinking about
it all that time scared me."

Dad smiled and said, "Yes I think the fear of punishment is a good incentive to
avoid it in the future."

They tied my hands but someone had come up with a new device. It was a board
about five feet long with hooks on the ends. Mike and George tied ropes to my
ankles then dragged my legs apart until I was nearly doing the splits.

Then they pulled up my wrist ropes until the board left the floor. I was
incredibly stretched. I looked in the mirror on the wall and I must be terribly
vain because I could only think of how great that made my body look. My tummy
sunk in until you could see my ribs and my breasts lifted to eliminate the
normal little crease under them. My legs were opened so far the tendons in my
thighs showed and my bald pussy lips were open enough to see the pink inner
parts.

Mom came to me and I gritted my teeth as I awaited the lash.  The thongs were
so long there was a double impact. It hit my back then in milliseconds they
wrapped around to make an even greater sting on my front at the top of my
boobs.  It stung but was not as bad as the belt and I just gasped.

She began working downwards and I watched in the mirror as my body reddened.
Only the ones across my nipples were bad enough to make me scream. It was weird
I watched myself in the mirror as if I was a witness rather than a participant.
I watched fearfully as the red moved down my stomach but even when they crossed
my pubic bone it was not as bad since the ends were hitting my outer thighs.
The one across the tender area where my legs connected to my butt brought
another scream but that was her twentieth. Unlike the belt I was not exhausted
this time which made the hair pulling worse.

When she finished for my rest Mike said doubtfully, "I am not sure about this
whip. It is just making her red and she didn't scream nearly as much as the
belt."

George said, "Mom didn't hit hard enough. It will get better as her skin gets
more sensitive."

I resolved to scream more at Dad's turn but I didn't need to. He aimed more
carefully so the ends snapped against my tits to make me scream and the extra
width of the whip let the bottom then the center then the top thongs hit my
nipples. My screams subsided as the red became deeper on my tummy but came back
again as I saw my pussy lips rip open by the ends of the thongs over and over.

While he got the pliers I looked at myself in the mirror. I was now a deeper
shade of red and I was sweating which made my body give out a red glow in the
bright light.

The hair pulling was not as bad now since they were coming from the outer edges
but still bad enough to make me squeal.

Mike hit harder bring welts to my already stinging  and hot flesh but as I
watched my self in the mirror I began to think of myself as a brave martyr like
Mel Gibson in Braveheart. This caused me to resolve that I would not let them
break me no matter what.  Like Mel I screamed at the pain but did not beg him
to stop.

That brought about another incredible feeling. I began to want the pain and
found it was exciting me.

When he finished he said "We are running out of hair. I guess I will get some
of these little ones around your anus. That ought to make you scream and beg."

I scowled at him and said angrily, "You will never make me scream and beg
again."

He just grinned and slowly pulled them out. I had to clench my teeth to keep
from screaming but he was impressed saying, "Wow you can be brave."

George took the whip and got in front of me saying, "This is gonna hurt."

I stared at him and said defiantly, "I don't care. You can't make me scream
either."

He was really mean giving me ten lashes up down and across my tits but I
managed to take it with just gasps in spite of the fact my poor tits were on
fire and getting swollen.

He said,"You are tougher than I thought."

He began swinging the whip like a soft ball pitcher bringing the thongs between
my legs to hurt my ass crack, anus and pussy but incredibly I found I was
getting very excited and was almost disappointed when he stopped.

I watched him pull out more hairs and then he said, "My God. I think this is
exciting her. Her pussy is wet!"

Thank god Mom said, "It isn't excitement you put them all on her pussy and it
is normal for it to get wet from all that stimulation."

He said doubtfully, "Maybe."

They let me hang there as I watched my glowing red body heaving from the deep
breaths caused by my excitement.

When I was released Mom said, "Do you want your robe?"

I said defiantly, "If it will make you happy. Would you like me to roll around
on the floor to drive in the needles?"

She laughed and said, "My you are getting fiesty. No just put it on and come
over to us."

I put it on as carefully as I could but still gasped as needles stuck my super
sensitive stinging flesh.

When I walked to them slowly to keep the robe from rubbing as much as I could
they stood up and circled me and then all eight hands began rubbing the robe
against me. It was awful yet exciting and I felt myself nearing orgasm as it
was rubbed against my nipples pussy and inner thighs. I began saying "Oh, oh"
over and over until George said I think she is having orgasms. It was true but
Mom gave me a way out when she said, It is just the pain isn't it dear."

I had my orgasm so I panted, "Yes please stop."

Mom said, Stop everyone. She has had enough.  Do you want to take off the
robe?"

"No you said it would invite more punishment."

She laughed and told me to go to bed. The real reason I didn't want to take it
off was because I was sure my pussy juice was on my thighs and I sure did not
want them to know I had learned to love the whip.

As soon as I was out of sight I took it off  then went to look at myself in the
mirror. I know it seems strange but I was proud that I had been able to accept
all that pain with the welts and red and cruises that proved my courage.

End part two




                                                    Slut reform 3

When I woke up I went to the mirror to check my body.  I decided that making
that whip was the best thing that could have happened to me. My body was just a
healthy looking shade of pink and I didn't hurt anywhere.  Best of all I
remembered  it helped bring on a fantastic orgasm My pussy was almost totally
bare now with just a few hairs here and there. At least that part was no longer
so scary.

I debated about the robe then decided to wear it mostly because I was afraid
they may not use that whip again if they knew it caused so little damage. As I
walked down the stairs I found the little needles were stimulating so I kinda
bounced so my nipples would be stuck more.

When I got downstairs Mom said, "You must be feeling good. It is only eight
oclock I thought you would sleep late again."

"Oh I hurt but I am starved I haven't had anything to eat since noon
yesterday."

"Yes I bet you are. What would you like for breakfast."

"I am starved. How about Ham and eggs and hashbrowns. Lots of hashbrowns."

"No problem but you have to eat all I give you."

"Yeah I know the starving children bit. Don't worry I could eat a horse."

"Okay. You can take off the robe if you like."

I said suspiciously, "Will that bring extra punishment?"

"No more than planned."

When I took it off she looked at me and said, "Oh my. I guess George was right.
That whip did not hurt you very much."

"Yes it did Mom. It hurt awful it just didn't make welts."

"Well we won't use it anymore it is obviously ineffective."

"Oh Mom it is plenty bad enough."

"No. the fact that you want it proves it doesn't hurt very much."

I just moaned knowing I could not win. 

"Your brothers have been more imaginative than I would have guessed. They have
come up with a lot of ideas for you."

"Great! Nothing I am going to like I bet."

"Maybe not but since you are so brave we won't hang you up again.You will just
get into a position and hold it for the punishment. And we decided to let fate
play a part. There is a gambling game. If you are lucky you will have a pretty
easy day. Now go out and get the boys and your Dad for breakfast. They are
making something for you in the shop."

"Outside? Naked? What if the neighbors see me?"

That is another fate thing. If one calls saying they saw you naked You will get
extra punishment."

I went outside feeling pretty safe since the neighbors should have left for
work by then. I forgot how nice it felt outside naked in the sun and breezes
since I had not been able to do it since I was about three. I took my time
going back to the shop knowing this was probably going to be the best part of
my day. The breeze felt really nice on my bare skin. I could even feel it on my
pussy since there was little hair.

When I opened the door I saw George punching holes in leather dog collars I
assumed would be used on my wrists and ankles. Mike was attaching alligator
clamps to little wires and Dad was nailing a straw welcome mat to a split cedar
fence post supported with four legs.  I went to Dad and asked, "What is that
for?"

It is your horse Allene. You sit on it and lean forward to hold onto the handle
for spanking. "

"But you have the skinny end of the post up. It should be the round side for my
bottom. This way I will be sitting on my pussy."

Yes that is true that is why I put the mat on it to cushion you."

I felt the mat and it was sharp stickers. I wailed, "Dad! If I move the
stickers will shred my pussy."

"Yes. I guess you will have to sit quietly."

"How can I if you are spanking me?"

"Will power. Girl, pure will power. just grip it with your thighs. "

I moaned imagining those needle sticking into my tender inner thighs. It was
diabolical. I would be causing myself pain to avoid even greater pain.

"Oh don't worry if you are lucky you won't have to sit on it."

That gave me some hope. "Really?"

"Yes the boys have come up with a game. There are three bowls with numbered
chips. 
The first bowl is the area of your body to be hit with an appropriate pose you
will be in. The second is the instrument used to punish you and the third is
the amount of strokes. 
If you are lucky you could only get ten strokes on your buttt with a paint
paddle. The big fraternity paddle and cane is just for butts and thighs so if
you draw tits and the paddle you can draw again. I think it is a great idea.
God will be deciding your punishment."

Yeah right! I was sure God would not have thought this game up. It had to be
one of my weirdo brothers.

"Oh incidentally if you don't maintain position your punisher can start over.
You can blame yourself. You think you are so courageous."

I didn't want to talk about it anymore. I thought the less I knew the less I
would have to worry about. I just said "Mom said breakfast is about ready."

"Oh good we have been up since six AM getting things ready for you."

I started back thinking this was ridiculous he seemed to think he was doing me
a favor.

Breakfast was on the table when I got there and I scurried to my chair still
starved. 

Mom said, "Wait a moment Allene. The boys have made you a special cushion."

She opened a drawer to get a glove to put on  then opened a door and took out
my "Cushion."

They had intertwined rose branches to form a big round instrument of torture.

I looked at it and whined, "I can't sit on that. The thorns are huge my butt
will be a mass of punctures."

"Yes but if you sit quietly they will be just tiny punctures. It is just until
breakfast is over."

I had hope. I could wolf down my food and get up in a short time but Mom killed
that idea saying, "It won't help you to eat fast. Breakfast is not over until
the last person is done."

I still had hope. My brothers were like starving dogs at the dinner table they
wolfed down their food as fast as they could. They were usually gone before I
was half done.

I put it off as long as possible waiting until everyone was seated before
gingerly letting myself down on the "Cushion."  the boys grinned at my look of
agony as I felt the thorns break through my skin then on into my butt muscle. 
For guys that don't know girls sit on their pussy so thorns went into it too
and I gasped when I leaned forward to reach my food.

It was pure agony. The thorns caused my butt and pussy to ache and throb.
Meanwhile my dirty bastard brothers had suddenly acquired table manners. They
took tiny bites and cut their meat in tiny pieces to make breakfast last as
long as possible. They also tried to frighten me by saying that I would really
have a chance to prove my courage today. Unfortunately it worked I got so
scared I could hardly eat. The only thing that kept me eating was the fact I
would be sitting there until the last bite was gone.

I had only one thing to help me and that was my mind. I suddenly was reminded
of Jesus's crown of thorns and decided I too could be a martyr. I thought of my
family being mean Romans and found I could ignore the pain. I even squirmed a
little to move the thorns proving I could be as brave as Jesus.

Finally breakfast was over and I got up to discover the cushion stuck to me but
a little brush with my hand let it fall to the floor.

Mom came over to me and had me lean over so she could check out my butt. She
said, There are just tiny punctures dear. The bleeding has already stopped. I
was amazed and ran to the mirror to see for myself. There was just hundred of
little drops of blood and when I wiped them there was just a hole like an insct
bite.

Mike said,"That wasn't much but we thought we would start you out easy."

I glared at him and said, "Oh yeah. That made my butt hurt awful. You sit on
it."

He just laughed and said, "I think I will pass. It is time for the next thing."

I said,"Are we going to start the game?"

"No one thing first. We decided to let you pull out the rest of your hairs."

I knew if i did it fast it wouldn't be bad and said, "I will get my tweezers."

No we have thought of a funner way for you to do it. Come over here and lie on
your back on the dining room table.

When I was on my back he tugged on my hairs and I asked what he was doing.

"I am supergluing fish line to your hair. You will be using the fish line to
pull them out."

When he finished he had me stand up with my legs open then began attaching fish
weight to the line until there was an agonizing pull on the hairs.He lifted
then dropped one to make me squeal at the pain and said that was about right.

George said, "Don't forget her bra. "

"Oh yeah. This is your wonder bra sis. it will make you keep your tits up."

He came over with a board with leather straps attached to it. When he turned it
over I saw they had glued hundreds of thumbtacks to it.

I shuddered and said, "No.Please No."

Oh relax sis. as long as you keep your shoulders back your tits won't touch the
tacks."

He buckled the straps from the ends of the board around my back tightly then
brought straps from the front of it around my neck to hold it level just barely
under my boobs which I was lifting as high as possible by arching my back and
taking a deep breath.

He said, Okay let's get rid of the hair. Do five jumping jacks. "

"Oh God no!. My boobs wil hit the tacks."

"Maybe. Would you rather have us hit the board to make you jump?"

I groaned "No." and jumped into the air. They were diabolical fiends, When my
feet hit the floor the weights jerked at the hair and my boobs fell onto the
tacks. At the end of five only two weights had fallen to the floor. While I
stood there crying and arching to keep my poor lacerated boobs off the tacks he
said calmly, "Obviously we need more weight. Come over here."

I went to him and begged, "Please just pull out the hair or at least use so
much weight they will have to jerk out."

"Naw. Sorry George and I have a bet on how much weight it will take."

Now there was so much weight on the hair it was agony just to walk back to the
center of the room.  It took fifteen jumping jacks to make the last weight
fall. By then blood was dripping from my poor tits and I was crying
hysterically.

He took off the bra and George and Mom came over to me with a big bowl of water
and a rag.  Mom told Mike to hold up my boobs and he reached over my shoulders
to lift them by the nipples to cause even more agony. Mom dipped the rag in the
water and wiped at the blood. My tits caught fire. I screamed in agony and when
I could get my breath I yelled, "You set my tits on fire what is that stuff."

"It is just salt water dear. people have used it for centuries to stop bleeding
and disinfect."

It turned out just the first application burned badly. after that the water
cooled them but they decided I should have a rest before we started the game. I
went to bed still crying but then I started hating not them but myself.  My
boyfriend wanted to wait until after school to go to a secluded spot but I
teased him by rubbing up against him and pulling his hand into my crotch until
he agreed that it would be safe under the bleachers. I don't know who saw us
first and spread the word.  It was my fault I was suffering so much I knew boys
would take chances to get laid once you got them horny. Worst of all in spite
of the pain I had suffered it still didn't seem enough. Because of me he had
also been disgraced and kicked out of school. Even my lacerated tits didn't
hurt anymore. I hoped they would hurt me really bad. I didn't even care if they
killed me. 

Amazingly I fell into sleep only to have a dream that I was at the pearly gates
and Jesus was telling me sluts go to Hell. I woke up as I was falling into a
pit of fire frightened to death. I decided the dream was a prophecy and hoped
to prove to God I was willing to pay for my sins.  I went downstairs still
naked and announced I was ready to play the game.

End part 3

End part three




                                           Slut Reform 4

At my announcement Mom said, "Really? You only rested for twenty minutes. Come
here so I can check your breasts."

She looked and said well all the bleeding has stopped and you just have a bunch
of little scabs so I guess you are ready. Go out to the shop and tell them you
are ready to continue."

That was weird. It was like a guy being executed going around to get his firing
squad but I knew I needed to be punished, I noticed the horse was set up in the
living room and there was a bench with the paddle, a thick cane and a thin one,
a willow switch about six feet long and another three feet, my favorite whip, a
riding crop, and an evil looking thing made by taping together three
straightend out coat hangers to make a handle. I was sure it would cut me and I
hoped I would bleed to death.

I went out to the shop still naked and hoping the neighbors would see me so
they would know what a slut I was.  I walked in just as George was holding two
metal bolts and Mike flipped a switch. George yelled and dropped the bolts
saying, "Shit! That is wild."

I asked, "What is that?"

Mike said, It is an electric fence charger. We are just testing it.  I rigged
it so I can increase or reduce the electrical pulses  and vary the speed of the
pulses. George just tried it at half power."

"Does it hurt bad?"

"No it is kinda hard to describe. it sends a thrill through your body and makes
the muscles at the bolts tighten. It would probably make a good exercise
machine if it wasn't so scarey."

"Let me try it."

"Well we were going to test it on an animal first but I can start at the lowest
setting and raise it slowly until you tell me to stop."

"That's okay. Let's do it."

George stuck one bolt up my ass and the other in my pussy then taped them in
with duck tape. At least I didn't have to worry about the duck tape ripping out
my hair.

Mike turned it on and the bolts felt like they were moving until I realized my
anus and pussy muscles were clenching and unclenching them. I told him to turn
it up more and then the muscles tightened even more as I felt electricity
travel into my belly to even tighten those muscles. It didn't hurt it felt
great  I said, "More." and then it really began to make the muscles jump and I
found I was doing a kind of involuntary dance as my hips pumped and and my
belly jumped.  I said, "More." and now my whole body began to convulse as they
stared  at me in awe. I moaned, "More" because the damn thing had me on the
edge of orgasm. Mike said, "It is at max."

"Then faster!" The pulses hit faster and I went wild I was squirming and
dancing as one orgasm after another rocked my body. I felt like I was about to
have a heart attack  so I whined "Stop."

I leaned weakly against the bench while George Ripped off the tape. I was so
wet the bolts fell out of me.  George grinned and said, "So much for your
torture instrument. She came like crazy. Look there is pussy juice to her
knees."

They were impressed but Dad was angry and said, "That just proved she is still
a slut."

I was still panting and gasped out, "Yes. I am so ashamed. I deserve any
punishment you want to give me. Make me suffer."

It didn't appease Dad he just said, "You will definitely suffer."

We went into the house and started the game. the first bowl told me to lean
back over the ottoman with legs spread for pussy torture.

The second bowl said  the flyswatter. George grumbled, "Shit she will like
that. It was for nipples."

I said, "You are right." and threw it into the waste basket.

I drew another and it was the paint paddle. George grumbled, "That isnt much
better."

"It will be if you hold my lips open and just use it on my clitoris. That
should hurt awful."

"True. See how many."

I drew a chip that said "Fifteen."  I said, Gosh. Fifteen is that enough for
you George?"

"Yes I hope I win you. "

Then I found there was another part to the game. They had me draw another chip
to see who would do it.  Mom won. I didn't know if that was good or bad.

I went to the ottoman and laid back.  Then Mike clipped two alligator clamps on
each lip then pulled them open to tie the little wire to the legs. I knew I was
wide open from the breeze of the ceiling fan drying my juices and the clips
felt like rats biting me.

Mom kneeled between my legs then said, "You know you deserve this don't you
dear."

"Yes Mom. Make me cry."

She brought the paddle down hard and fast on my clit and the tender inner lips.
It hurt terribly but I had resolved not to scream and just jerked my head with
clenched teeth as my clit stung and burned more than I thought possible.

When she finished I whimpered"Thank you Mom."

She said."Do you need a break?"

"No I am ready for more."

Mike undid the clips and like the clothespins there was sharp pain when
removed.

I went to the bowl and drew a chip. it was the same one.

 Mom said. 'You did that Allene. You should have left that chip out."

"No God must have wanted me to make that mistake."

I went to the next bowl and drew the three foot willow switch.

Mike said, "That is meant for butt thighs or tummy. You can draw again."

"No. God wants this one."

I went to the last bowl and drew "Ten"

I drew for names and got Dad. I took the switch to him and said, "This is your
chance to punish the thing that got me in trouble."

I laid back over the ottoman and spread my legs.

He straddled my head and began whipping hard. One lip then the other. Even
though I knew I deserved it I had to scream and cry. When he finished They let
me lie there until my sobbing turned into hiccoughs 

When I felt some strngth return I rolled off the ottoman and went over to the
mirror. My poor pussy was so sore I had to walk with my legs apart. My entire
pussy was beet red and so swollen There was just a tight line at the slit even
with my legs open.  I hobbled over to Dad and kissed him then said, "You did
good. It deserved it for getting me into trouble."

He said,"I agree."

I hobbled over to the bowl and drew the Horse. Now I was sure God was in on it
because there was no worse time for my beaten pussy to be resting on needles.
Then I drew the paddle then twenty. I went to their bowl and drew Mom again.
She said she had her turn and had me draw again. I got George.

I went to the horse and asked him to help me get on it. He lifted me up and
mercifully let me slowly down on the welcome mat. I was sure needles were
puncturing my pussy even though I knew my skin was tougher than straw.

Then he said, There is more to this to keep you from sliding forward."

Mike came over and handed George a leather strap with a big hook on it.  They
buckled them to my ankles  then hung two fifty pound weights from their bar
bell set on them. I was pulled down into the stickers and now I was sure they
were inside my skin. George told me to lean over and hold on to the handle to
keeep fom sliding

That put all of my pussy into the straw and brought up my ass for him.

He began hitting me and the impact not only stung but made me move on the straw
to scrape my pussy. It seemed like forever before he finished  and I was near
collapse as they took off the weights and lifted me off.  I crawled over to the
mirror  too weak to stand and  Mike held a hand mirror for me so I could check
my ass. both cheeks were black and blue to my thighs.  But that was not the
worst. I got up on my knees and saw my poor pussy was oozing blood from
multiple scratches.

Mom looked over my shoulder and said, "You know what this means don't you."

I whimpered, "Yes. Salt water."

She helped me to my feet then led me over to the kitchen sink. The boys lifted
me up on the counter so I could straddle the sink then she dipped a ladle in
the saltwater and threw it on my pussy.  I screamed from the terrible burn. It
couldn't have been worse if she had poured  boiling water on my poor pussy. She
kept throwing ladle after ladle until finally it began to cool me. I looked
down to see all the blood was washed off but my pussy was still really swollen
and covered with scratches.

They helped me down and said that was enough for one day but I said, "No. My
breasts have not been punished. They attracted my boyfriend."

I hobbled over to the bowl and drew out of the second one. It was the skinny
cane. Mike said, "That is for asses."

"No God wants it to be used on my tits. I drew out of the last bowl and got
ten.

I handed it to Mike and said, "Ten for you and ten for George."

"Are you sure?"

Yes. Make them as red and swollen as my pussy."

I put my hands on my head and faced the mirror saying," I want to make sure
they are red and swollen enough." 

I pushed out my tits. God that hurt. The cane dug in so deep it hit my chest
wall and 
the ones on the nipples pushed them clear out of sight only to reappear
hardened.  The ten lashes covered all of my boobs .

George came to me and said. "I think they are red enough."

"No. they need to be black and blue and swollen like my pussy."

I said, "Come closer."  He put his head next to mine and I whispered, "If you
get them really bruised I will give you a blow job later."

"Really?"

"Yes. Mike too if he wants it."

He hit them as hard as he could. Sometimes the impact made me step back but I
kept my hands on my head feeling as If God was giving me redemption.

When he finished my tits were stinging, burning and throbbing all at once. I
felt them to confirm they were swollen. They were so hard they looked like the
movie stars implants.

Mom came over to say, "Go upstairs and take a cool bath. It will help you."

She was right all the stinging and burning went away and I saw my pussy
starting to lose it's puffy look so I stayed in the tub for over and hour until
my tits and pussy were nearly normal in size although still badly brused.

My skin was so sensitive I could only pat myself dry. Then I went to my bedroom
to await the boys. 

They must have heard my door close because they came in shortly afterward just
wearing undershorts. They came over to caress my bruises. It felt good. Too
good so I got off the bed to kneel and when George came over I pulled down his
shorts and began licking his balls then the shaft of his dick until it was rock
hard. I put the head in my mouth and rolled my tongue on and around it until he
moaned in pleasure. I gloried in the degradation of the whole thing knowing
this was something usually only whores would do. I began taking it deeper into
my mouth until I gagged then kept trying until I found if I kinda yawned his
dick could slip into my throat past the thing that caused me to gag. He loved
it especially when I swallowed. He kept moaning, "Yes Baby oh yes."

He came and I savored his cum thinking it was the ultimate degradation to
swallow it.

He stepped back and Mike offered his dick saying, "Lick it first like you did
George."

As I licked I felt George pushing me back.  Mike followed me down as I ended up
on my back then I felt my legs pulled apart and Georges tongue gently licking
my super sensitive pussy and clitoris. I continued  sucking until both Mike and
I came.

 I began to cry. Mike said, "What is wrong. That was wonderful."

I sniffled, "That is the problem. I asked you here to add to my degradation but
I enjoyed it. I am still a terrible slut."

"Don't worry Darling. We will keep hurting you until you are cured and we will
come to you every night to test you."

I don't know if I can be cured. I am geting so I am excited by pain. I know it
is hard to believe but I came on the horse. That is why I asked for more pain
in order to make up for it."

"Well we will think of something."

They left and I had another dream of being in Hell. Flames were licking my body
and since I had been out of the cool bath for awhile and wrapped in a comforter
I was hot for real which explained the dream. I got up to open a window. I
stood in front of it not caring if someone saw me. After all that is what sluts
did.

End Part four.




                                                        Slut Reform 5

When I woke up I felt really guilty so I went downstairs and saw Dad sitting at
the kitchen table. I went to him and knelt at his feet.

I began to cry and sobbed out, "Dddaddy I am still a slut. You must punish me
even more."

Dad patted my head and said, "Allene. I give up. Seeing you ask for more
punishment as torn up as you were made me sick.  I called our Priest and he
suggested a school that may be able to cure you. He will be over to pick you up
at five."

"Oh Daddy I don't want to leave you But if the school will help me. I will go."

"I hope it will child. If not maybe you are just destined to be a slut and will
be happy placed in a whorehouse."

That thought made me sick and I planned to do my best to reform.

My brothers came downstairs and Dad told them what he had done.

Mike said, "Oh God Dad that is really extreme. Let us have one more chance."

George said, "Yeah Dad we still have more ideas."

I pleaded, "Yes Dad. Please give them another chance. I think I am close to
reform."

"All right but I don't want to see it. Take the pickup and take her deep into
the forest where no-one can see you."

"Allright!  Sis go put on a blouse and skirt cause we will have to stop in town
for gas. We will load up the pickup."

I went up and as told put on a dark blouse and a skirt They didn't mention under
wear so that was all I put on except for tennis shoes. I ran down and sat in the
truck watching them bring out boxes and rope. I realized that in the woods we
would surely find a tree like in the picture and imagined being hung on it.
Rather than scaring me the idea excited me.

They finally had all the stuff they wanted and we went downtown for gas. at the
gas station George said, "Let's start out with a little humiliation.  There is a
lot of guys filling up. Here let me fix you up. "

He unbuttoned my blouse then pulled it out of my skirt to tie it in a knot just
under my boobs. that left practically all of my boobs exposed. then he had me
lift up and undid the waist of my skirt so he could fold it until it was so
short it barely covered my buttcheeks. He pulled down the waist until if I had
hair it would have shown over the top. He told me to get out and fill the truck
making sure I stayed bent over while I filled it to give everybody a good view.

It shouldn't have bothered me, after all I had been naked for days but in public
in that busy gas station made me blush with embarrassment. They had me fill both
tanks to keep me out there as long as possible while guys stared and made
detours on the way to the cashier to be closer to me.  When both were full Mike
gave me money and told me to go in and pay for it. There was a huge line and now
guys were really close and since I am short all of them were tall enough to see
down into my blouse. I blushed again knowing very little was hidden.

A woman paid for her gas then turned to see me. She frowned and said, "That is
the sluttiest costume I have ever seen. You should go home and put on decent
clothing."

That made me mad. After all this was not my idea and I glared at her and said,
"Too bad you don't have the body to wear something like this."

That made the guys laugh and she huffed out saying "Bitch!"

I finally got to the head of the line and the boy at the register got so
flustered seing me he had trouble making change. I thought that at least if I
was going to be a whore I had the body for it."

When I got back to the truck George said "Drop some change and bend over and
pick it up."

I did and it scattered so I had to bend over several times mooning everyone.

When I got inthe truck George laughed and said, "Did you see that old guy. I
thought his eyes were going to bug out."

I said, "That was mean. It was really embarrassing."

"Hell sis. You are a slut. That is what sluts do."

"But I don't want to be a slut."

"I know, we will do our best to help you."

We went up on a logging road then started out cross country The big four wheel
drive pickup just tore through the brush and Mike just had to dodge trees and
rocks. After about five miles  Mike suddenly slammed on the brakes. He said,
"Look does that look familiar?"

He pointed at a dead tree with one limb sticking out just like the tree in the
book.

I said, "Oh yes. it is like the tree in the book but you know my whip like the
one in the book doesn't hurt enough."

Mike said, "I know. I pulled the ferrules off two bamboo fishing poles. They
will hurt."

We got out of the truck and George took off my blouse and skirt. It was a nice
day and the breeze felt good. He said You can leave on your shoes there are a
lot of stickers and things."

I said, "Good." I defiantly took them off and put them on my clothes in the
truck.

There were a lot of stickers and thorns. By the time we got to the tree thorns
covered most of the bottom of my feet to make it agony to walk but I refused to
pull them out.
 Mike put some wrist cuffs on me he had made from dog collars with sheepskin
glued to them. They felt soft and I knew I could hang for hours without having
my wrists cut. He threw the rope over the limb and tied the end to my cuffs then 
rolled over a small log to tie my ankles widely apart.  George leaned the
fishpoles against the tree. I looked at them and shuddered. They were about
seven feet long and came to sharp points at the ends. Then he pulled down the
rope until my arms tightened and tied it to the tree.

I said, "Aren't you going to lift me off the ground. I know you love to see me
stretched."

"For sure but we are going to play first. We want to do things to you we
couldn't at home."

They began fondling me rubbing and poking my pussy and asshole and squeezing my
breasts and pinching the nipples.

I whined, "Don't do that. It feels good."

"I know we want you to feel good. It will make the whipping worse.

They kept playing until I was so excited their fingers were making slurpy sounds
as they twisted three fingers in it them rubbed my juices on my asshole. They
dropped their pants and drove their hard dicks into my pussy and asshole at the
same time. It felt wonderful as I felt their dicks colliding inside me. Just as
I was about to cum on that terrible edge just before going over the cliff Mike
jerked out of me and shot cum on my thigh saying. "I don't want you to get
pregnant." 

George said "I don't have to worry about that back here."

I had no idea there were so many sensitive nerves in my asshole. It really felt
good and I began clenching my buttcheeks to tighten my anus on his dick. He
moaned,"Oh yeah. do that."

Mike began scraping his cum off my thighs to feed it to me. I licked it off his
fingers enjoying the exquisite degradation. George said "Arghh" and shot his
sperm inside me then pulled out to wipe his dick off between my asscheeks.

They shared a beer then began lifting me. The log tied to my ankles made me
stretch even more and I thought my shoulder joints may be pulled out of their
sockets. George held one of the poles against me and watched as the point slid
down me to just above my breasts. He said. "Perfect.  Tie her off there."

Mike said, "This is gonna hurt. We will both hit you at once so you will get two
lashes at a time."

"Ooh it will hurt! How many will you give me?"

"I have no idea. We are going to hit you until every inch of you is striped from
the top of your tits to mid thigh."

"Oh good. Make big welts I deserve them."

"Yeah we will try not to let the welts cross each other because that will
probably make them ooze blood. If we do though I brought a couple of gallons of
Mom's salt water in an insecticide sprayer."

"I moaned, "Make them cross. Make them cross a lot!"

They began slowly circling me making me scream as the poles dug in at two places
at once. I found sensitive places I had not even thought about like my armpits
and my belly button. it seemed to go on for hours  until my screams went hoarse
and I just made gurgling noises as they stood in front of me hitting making sure
there was not one white place. George even held my ass crack open so Mike could
get all of that.

Finally Mike said, "I think that does it. I don't see any white places do you?"

"No. I don't even see any unwelted places. She is tough, there is only blood on
her tits, belly button and pussy."

Mike said, "How are you doing sis?"

I was so hoarse from screaming I could only whisper, "I have never hurt so bad
in my life."

"Oh you can hurt more. Get the sprayer George."

I could hurt more. They began spraying the salt water on me and my whole body
caught fire. I could only make hoarse screams and twist in agony.

They let me down until my feet were on the ground then tied off the rope. I
don't think I would have had the strength to stand without the help of the rope.

They went over and sat on a stump to drink beer and watch me baking in the now
hot sun. I don't know what good I thought it wuld do but I began to twist and
flex my muscles trying desperately to lessen the pain.

George said, "Look she is dancing for us."

"Yeah and the little bitch has me horny. Let's fuck her again."

I moaned, "Oh no."

This time Mike went behind and ripped open my burning asscheeks with his
callused hands and drove his dick into me ripping the tender membranes. George
jammed his dick into my swollen and stinging pussy.

It hurt awful at first but then it began to feel really good in spite of the
fact they were squeezing and jerking on my poor welted boobies.

George said, "I don't believe this. In spite of the pain she is getting real
wet."

Mike said, "Maybe it is because of the pain. She is wet back here too but that
is from her blood."

Mike was right I guess. the fucking really hurt with their sweaty bodies rubbing
on my welts and their dicks jerking on my pussy made tight by the swelling of
the whipping but I was excited. Really excited! In only moment I had an orgasm
then another and another each stronger than the last.

George got alarmed and caid, "Jesus. We better stop. She is having convulsions."

Mike retorted, "Duhh. She is just cumming stupid."

"Jesus. Really? Nothing stops her from cumming."

When they came they returned to the stump and finished their beer.

When I calmed down I said hoarsly,"Please give me a drink. I am dying of
thirst."

Mike said, "I don't doubt that. You must have sweat out about a quart with the
whipping and fucking and now the hot sun. What will you do for us if we give you
a beer?

"Anything!"

"Ok we will turn you loose."

They untied me then told me to kneel.  Thorns dug into my knees but I didn't
protest knowing they wouldn't care."

"Ok. Look up and open your mouth. I will give you a couple of gulps then you can
have the bottle when you finish your task."

He poured the beer in my mouth and I gulped greedily not wanting to lose one
drop. He took it away and I beggged for more but he told me I would have to wait
until I did what he told me."

He said, "I want you to lick the sweat off my inner thighs and balls then lick
and suck your blood and shit from my dick. If it should get hard you may suck
it."

That was so gross I was sure a whore wouldn't do it but I did. His dick tasted
mostly just salty so I guessed there was more blood than shit on it. It did get
hard so I sucked it until he continued the humiliation by shooting his cum on my
face then having me scrape it off with my fingers and eat it.

George wanted the same thing only with the addition of licking the sweat off
between his asscheeks and his anus. I knew then why boys have skidmarks on their
shorts I tasted something bad that must have been shit. That seemed especially
humiliating.

At least that satisfied them and Mike gave me the beer which I drank savoring
every drop. They said I could sit on the stump to rest but that was awful too
since sitting on all my welts brought back the pain. I got up again  and Mike
said, "Butt a little too sore to sit on?"

"Yes. everything is sore. You guys were really mean."

"Hey we just tried to help but obviously it was not enough since you still got
orgasms."

"I coudn't help it. It really hurt bad at first but then it began to feel good.
I just hate my body. It is always betraying me."

"Nasty body! We will make it sorry. I have another idea. We are going for a ride
but first help us gather pine cones."

They had some feed sacks and we began to pick them off the ground to throw them
into the truck. In a little while the whole floor was covered. They found a
couple of lmbs and cuffed them to my ankles in wrists so I was again X shaped.
Then they picked me up and laid me face down in the truck.  The pine cones dug
into my whole front but  I found I could carefully scrape cones out of the way
for my knees and got up on all fours."

George said, "This is not going to work."

"Sure it will. Tie her arm limb to the cago hooks and I will tie her ankle limb
to the ones at the front."

They hooked the rope around the hooks in the truck and just to be mean slowly
pulled them tight dragging my body out straight so the sharp cones slowly dug
into my legs then arms then my boobs and finally my tummy. Even lying quietly
hurt and I whimpered, "How long do I have to lie here. It really hurts! The
sharp points are digging in to me."

"Just a few miles."

I suddenly remembered with horror that he said we would go for a ride. That damn
truck rode so hard it was like it had no springs. I knew I would be bouncing on
the cones and cried, "No. God no. The cones will tear me up."

George just grinned and said, "Don't worry we still have some salt water."

That thought made me cry again and I strained to lift myself off the cones as
much as possible. That was fruitless. As soon as the truck began rolling over
the rough ground and rocks My body began to slam against the cones. I tried to
hold myself tight to the floor to avoid the impact but that didn't work either.

I think he purposely hit rocks and swerved to make me slide on the cones. In a
short time my whole front felt raw.

When they stopped I was crying hysterically but they just lifted me out of the
truck and laid me on my back on a huge stump and began drenching my front with
the saltwater setting me on fire from my ankles to the very tops of my boobs.
There was extra sharp burns at my nipples and clit so I knew they had bled as
well.

Eventually the burning lessened then stopped. They began carressing my wet body
with their hands and in spite of all the cuts it felt good.

"George said, "Shit. Even that didn't work.  Her cunt is getting slippery."

"Yeah I guess Dad was right. Let her dry out in the sun and then we will dress
her and take her home.

They left me in the hot sun until it felt my skin was shrivelling from the heat
then dressed me and took me home.

End part 5




                                 Slut Reform 6

They remembered Dad did not want to see me. So when they dressed me they pulled
the waist of my skirt as low as possible to hide my legs and buttoned my blouse
to the neck leaving the hem hang down to barely the cover the skin at my pubic
bone.

Mike said," Good. Dad may be upset to see her. She is a mass of scabs."

We had a long drive home and each bump hurt may ass and legs and my sore nipples
rubbed on the blouse. To kill time George raised my blouse and  picked off the
scabs that were dry enough not to bleed.

When we got home they helped me up the stairs to my room and Mom followed.

She took off my blouse and skirt then said,  "Oh my God. You are a mess. Get
into the tub and I will get some bath oil to help you soak off the scabs.

I got in the tub and let it fill loving the feeling of the cool water slowly
covering me. Mom brought the bath oil and dumped in the whole bottle.

She said you have a couple of hours before the Priest gets here. As the scabs
loosen you can pick them off. The priest said you should be dressed modestly so
I bought you a dress. It should hide you pretty well.

It felt so nice I laid there over an hour. All but some of the bigger scabs on
my breasts, belly button and pussy sluffed off so I looked a lot better. Even
the welts settled down to just leave me a little red.

I patted myself dry then walked into my bedroom. The dress was on my bed. It was
just kind of a frumpy house dress with buttons down the back from just above my
knees to my neck. I really had to struggle to button them all. When I looked in
the mirror I saw it made my body shapeless actually my big boobs were holding it
out to make me look fat.

I went downstairs and Mom said, "Well at least now you don't look like a slut."

"But I am Mom, All the time I was buttoning it I was thinking how much fun a boy
would have slowly unbuttoning it to bare me like a strip teaser."

"Oh honey, Sometimes I think you are not even trying to be a good girl."

"But I am Mom! I accepted a lot of punishment to get better."

"Yes but your Dad and the boys seem to think you were getting so you enjoyed the
punishment."

"I guess I made it better by imagining I was a Christian martyr suffering to be
saved."

Yes, well I read that the martyrs could reach a kind of ecstasy from the pain,
That is why your Dad gave up. The school is not supposed to use pain at all."

"Really? What will they do?"

"I don't know it is supposed to be similar to programs used to cure alcoholics.
They will explain it to you."

There didn't seem to be anything to say about that so she made me something to
eat which I finished before the Priest came.

He led me out to the car and helped me into the front seat.

I felt a prickly sensation through the dress and looked down to see the seat was
upholstered in wool carpet.

L said, "I have never seen car seats upholtered in carpet before, Don't you find
it very uncomfortable. It is pricking me even through my dress."

"Not really. It was the Bishops idea to reupholster the seats in left over
carpet for the Rectory. I don't notice it with my trousers on."

"Well I do. Maybe because my drss is thinner and I don't have underwear or maybe
since my bottom and legs have been recently punished.

"Really? Maybe God is telling us you should be reminded of that punsishment. Get
on your belly with your head in my lap so I can unbotton your dress to let your
bare skin sit on the carpet.

I couldn't refuse he was my Priest and I assumed this was part of my cure.

I put my head in his lap with my nose on a lump under his zipper.
As he slowly unbuttoned my dress and pulled it open little by little I noticed
the lump was growing. I don't know what got in to me but I opened my mouth and
nibbled on it.

He said, "My you are a little slut aren't you. Well since President Clinton
proved that was not sex you may but you won't enjoy it. Reach under the seat and
get my pointer."

I did and brought up a fibreglas chalkboard pointer about two feet long
narrowing to a point.

I handed it to him and asked, "What will you do with that?"

"You are going to unzip my pants and suck on my penis. While you are doing that
I will be spanking your buttocks and thighs. I will spank until I reach climax.
Hopefully I can maintain pure thoughts to last a long time."

I unzipped his pants and his penis flipped out since he was not wearing
undershorts. As soon as it was in my mouth he began spanking me hard and fast. 
It really hurt as he beat my thighs and butt and even into my buttcrack. I don't
know if he was able to last as long time but it sure seemed like it before his
warm cum flooded my mouth.

He had me sit up with my now super sensitive butt and thighs on that prickly
carpet. I was sure some skin was worn off before we finally pulled through the
electric gate of the school. When we stopped he buttoned my dress to cover my
buttcheeks and told me to go in and report to the Mother Superior.

I was met at the door by a Nun who took me to the Mother superiors office.

She was not what I expected. She was only about thirty-five and was wearing a
white habit made of some soft white material that clung to an obviously good
body.

She had me sit on a hard wooden chair in front of her desk and noticed my wince
as I sat down.

She smiled and said, "Evidentally your priest did his favorite slut punishment,"

"Yes. It hurt bad."

"Well we use a different sort of punishment here. Are you familiar with the
methods to cure alcoholics?"

"Well I know about Alcoholics Anonymous, but I don't think admitting I am a slut
and some prayer is going to help."

"From what I undestand you are beyond that. Another cure for alcoholics is to
give them great amounts of alcohol until they are sick of it and want it no
more. That is what we will do with you."

"You mean I am going to be fucked until I don't want anymore?"

"Fucked, sodomized, mouth fucking, breast fucking, and anything else anyone may
find sexy."

"Gee I don't know. I like all those things."

"Everyone has a limit. Now take off all your clothes and I will put this collar
and leash on you to remind you that from now on you are just a slave to be used
by anyone."

She put like a dog collar around my neck with a leash hanging down my cleavage
and then handed me a nasty looking little whip. It was just a flexible fibreglas
rod about two feet long.

She said, "You are to carry this whip with you at all times. If you refuse any
request it will be used on any part of your body the person chooses."

"Oh it looks like it would really hurt. I doubt that I will refuse anything."

"Most girls do not refuse more than once or twice. Now you will walk around the
building and if anyone wants you to do anything you will do it. For starters get
on your knees and lick my pussy."

I got on my knees then she lifted the hem of her habit to show me her hairy
pussy. I have never had any desire to be lesbian but it seemed better than the
whip so I did it. Occassionally gagging on hair that got in my mouth. She made
me lick and suck on her pussy until she came and my whole face was wet from her
juices. Then I was told to go for my walk. This was not a good start. I got no
pleasure from it and obviously that was the idea.

I started the walk. Naturally the first place I walked to was the bathroom to
wash my face. When I came out an old guy told me to lie on the floor then he
fucked my dry pussy but he was able to last a long time so it got to feeling
good. He jerked out his dick and shot his cum into my face. I knew then every
act would be humiliating. I was so close to orgasm I put my fingers in my pussy
to finish off but that made him mad.

He said, "You are not to masturbate unless told to do it. Give me your whip."

I handed it to him and he gave me five fast lashes directly on my poor pussy. It
hurt so bad all chances of orgasm left me. Then he just walked off. I was sure I
must be bleeding but there was just five nasty welts on both lips.

I walked on to be fucked and forced to suck five other men. I don't know where
they found all those ugly men but I fooled them by closing my eyes and
pretending they were Mel Gibson. That let me have a few orgasms but I could see
that this method may not work forever. I was getting real tired and my
pussy,asshole, and jaws were aching.

Then I met another naked girl with collar and leash like me coming toward me in
the hall. I said, "Hi I am Alllene." She shushed me and said, "We can only talk
at dinner."

Her warning came too late. A nun came around the corner and said, "I heard you.
Bend over and hold on to each others breasts to steady yourselves."

It seemed to last forever because she would hit the other girls left buttcheek
then my right buttcheek. When she was hit she squeezed my tits real hard and I
probably did the same to hers as a reflex from the pain. After five to a cheek
she got on the other side and gave us five more to the other cheek as we
squeezed and jerked on each others boobs.

I continued my walk and a Nun said, "Go to the dining hall. It is the third door
on the left.

I walked in the door and saw nine girls like me at a round table eating salad.
There was one other salad plate on the table so I assumed it was mine and sat
there. I said, "Hello My name is Allene. I am 17 and have never imagined such a
place."

Since I had given my age the other girls responded in kind. Their ages ranged
from thirteen to eighteen. I said to Chloe the thirteen year old, "Wow you are a
little young to be a slut."

She whimpered. "I am not a slut. Three boys raped me at the school gym but they
all lied and said I asked for it when the Coach walked in. He believed them and
called my folks. They didn't believe me either and I wound up here. I have told
them I am cured but they just say they will know when I am cured."

Betty the eighteen year old said, "Shit Chloe, You won't leave here until they
are bored with you, and you are too popular with the older men."

She whimpered, "I know. They love me for schoolgirl night."

I said, "What is school girl night?"

"Every night at eightPM is show time. On school girl night We line up in a
school uniform then We are auctioned to the top three bidders. She is lucky she
usally gets picked for school girl because she is so young. It could be a lot
worse."

Chloe said, "It is bad enough to have to get over some old guys lap for a hard
spanking then have to blow him afterwards to thank him for the punishment.Most
of the times the second two guys are worse wanting to cane me or birch me."

"Like I said it could be worse. I hate sorority initiation night where women
paddle, cane and even whip me then I have to eat their smelly pussies."

Another girl said. "I hate Prisoner of War night where I am tortured while I beg
them to let me suck them or fuck them or be sodomised or fucked between my tits.
The torture does not stop until I beg for the particular thing that appeals to
my torturer."

Another girl said, "I think the public whipping is worse since they have six
bidders and it goes on forever. Even when you faint from the pain they just
throw buckets of ice water on you to wake you for more."

Another girl said, "Those are bad but the worse is 'Inquisition night' Look what
they did to my nipples with the red hot rod."

I looked and her normally pink nipples were white with scar tissue. I gasped and
said, "Jesus that must have been awful."

"Yes and there is no escape. They say the torture will end when you admit you
are a heretic but if you do you will be burned at the stake."

"I said, "They are bluffing. They couldn't do that!"

"Why not? Our parents agreed that if we aren't cured we will be put in a convent
to keep us from men. Our parents would never know if we died."

I said, "What happens with the girls that aren't picked for the show?"

"We wander around the audience to take care of anyone with a hardon, or a wet
pussy. We have to do anything they want. If we are lucky it is sex, but
sometimes it is some form of torture."

I said, "That does it. I am telling the Mother superior that I am cured."

"You don't get it. This reform school is a scam. It is really just a whorehouse
for men who like to fuck or torture young girls. The only way out of here is
either death or to be so badly scarred you are no longer appealing. I have been
here for six months. When men stop bidding on a girl she just disappears. God
knows where."

end part 6




                    Slut reform 7

I looked around a saw a girl about fifteen years old who was hugely pregnant. I
would guess eight or nine months. Her hands were cuffed behind her and she had
to eat out of a dog bowl.

I said, "Who is that pregnant girl?"

That's Peggy. She is so huge now only a few perverts want to fuck her."

"Why do they have her hands cuffed behind her back?"

"Because she was squeezing out milk to keep her boobs from aching. I guess they
want them aching."

After lunch I started doing the hall thing sucking or bending over for swats
from anyone that came along. I stopped at a bulletin board that had a note
saying simply, "Tonight is a special first time event involving our pregnant
Peggy."

I shuddered thinking if they hit her stomach she may have her baby right there.

That night I went to the show to service anyone in the audience who got excited
enough to want a blow job. Blow jobs were becoming my favorite thing since
although terribly humiliating they did not hurt.

There were only six men in the audience I thought they must really want to see
this since the customers had to share the minimum cost of five hundred dollars
for a show and I was told special shows cost even more.

They brought her in and took off her robe then her first task was to carry a
strap to each customer in her teeth since her hands were still handcuffed behind
her and ask them to whip her, "Slutty pregnant belly and my dirty cunt that
caused it."

I had to give her credit for courage. She stood there with her legs open just
making piteous cries as her belly and cunt turned redder and redder until it was
maroon. I couldn't imagine what they told her would happen if she got out of
position but it must have been horrible. Wierdly the abuse seemed to stimulate
her milk production. Drops of milk began to drip from her tits that were so
tight and swollen they looked like soccer balls.

She was led up to the stage and her hands were released to re-tie them around a
big post which made her dripping boobs push out.

Then the Mother superior auctioned off the right to torture her by one of the
customers. She begged for higher bids by saying,"Remember men. There are no
limits.You may never have this opportunity again."

The bidding went up to fifteen hundred dollars. I heard one of the men groan,
"Shit! I knew I should have brought more money."

The winner came up on stage with a duffel bag and counted off fifteen hundred
dollar bills into her hand.

She said,"Congratulations. Do your worst."

He grinned and said,"Oh I will. I have been fantasizing about this since I read
about the inquisition when I was a kid. I even spent a lot of time and money
getting my tools."

I had seen one picture in a history book about the inquisition which had made me
feel sick I could not imagine why anyone would fantasize about it.

He reached into his duffle bag and pulled out four antique hat pins with ornate
heads and about four inches long. She screamed terribly as he put one across and
the other downwards into each nipple then he got two barbecue skewers and drove
them through the center of her breasts so blood and milk dripped out of the
punctures going in the sides and out at the cleavage. that didn't seem to hurt
her as much as the rusty hatpins had going through her nipples.

He reached in the duffle bag and pulled out a three foot length of barbed wire
secured to a wooden handle.

He began hitting her distended stomach from her breasts to her pussy while she
sreamed but he just didn't hit. He dragged the whip to rip deep scratches which
all dripped blood while she screamed and struggled then he hit her poor pussy
over and over dragging it to rip at her tender iner lips and clit until you
couldn't see anything but blood which ran down her inner thighs in little
rivulets.

It made me so sick I fell to my hands and knees and threw up until I was just
dry heaving.

She suddenly stopped scrreaming and I realized she had fainted. I assumed it was
over for her but they just threw buckets of ice water and put something under
her nose that made her shake her head and come awake to sob piteously.

He took a big walking cane out of his bag and began beating her swollen breasts
with it making milk spurt out each time while her screams resumed until she
became hoarse. He beat them until no more milk came out and then blood came out
from by then just hanging blobs of purple flesh that had once been proud
breasts.

He went to his bag and pulled out an instrument I recognized. It was a three
pronged rake like my Mom used in her garden but he had sharpened each prong into
a sharp V shape. he swung it down into the top of her breast to bury it then
dragged it down tearing the flesh open in three furrows clear to the meat below
and slicing her nipple in two.

Again she passed out and they had to revive her. She was so hoarse she just
mouthed "No" over and over while he ripped her other breast the same way. I
again began heaving at the terrible sight. For some reason she stayed awake and
sobbed as he went to his bag and took out a dowel about two inches thick which
was covered with needles. He jammed it into her pussy I am sure to her cervix
and began pumping it in and out to cause a river of blood as her mouth opened in
a futile attempt to scream.

She passed out again and this time nothing they did revived her so they just
untied her and dragged her body out leaving a trail of blood while the Mother
superior apologized for having such a short show.

That convinced me I had to escape somehow even at the risk of my life.

That night one of our men caretakers came to my room carrying a big white rope
and a flogger. He said "I am here to give you a whipping,"

I whimpered,"Why? I haven't done anything wrong."

"I know I am going to give you one just for my enjoyment.If you cooperate I will
use the flogger but if you don't I will use the black snake."

There was no question the flogger was less painful so I sobbed, "I will
cooperate."

The rope was some kind of polyester that was soft not like hemp at all. When he
made a couple of wraps around my wrists and lifted me I realized it would not
chafe my wrists.

I have no idea how many times he hit me. Enough to turn my whole body cherry
red. I learned a couple of things from it. One, when a not terrible whipping
goes on a long time it can be sexually stimulating and two, long whippings made
me sweat profusely enough so my wrists and hands became so wet and slick the
rope would have slipped over my hands if I had not kept them in fists. He left
to leave me hanging there for several minutes to recover then came back to
release me and demand a blow job which of course I did.

The next day as I was making my rounds submittting to anything anyone wanted I
stopped at the bulletin board to see the show that night was "Inquisition" and
the participant was Josie. I knew her. She always fought them and said at lunch
that they would never make her do anything without a fight. After what I had
seen them do to Peggy I wondered if she would still have that courage after
tonight. I was in the hall when she was struggling with one of the caretakers
and Mother superior told her that she had better cooperate or she would feel
pain she would not believe. I could hardly believe it when Josie yelled,"Fuck
you Bitch.I will never cooperate."

As I stood there in awe they gave her a terrible caning which she took with only
gasps and when the Mother superior walked off Josie gave her the bird with both
middle fingers. I was amazed. God knows what would have happened if Mother had
seen it.

She must have found out she had been picked by suppertime because she just sat
there unable to eat with this stricken look on her face while other girls looked
at her in sorrow since to many of us she was a kind of hero for resisting.

All day long private and the schools limosines brought people in and I heard
some of them say they had travelled over a thousand miles for this show.

That night all of us were sent to the show room to service the much bigger crowd
of men and to my surprise women.

Josie was dragged onto the stage wearing a grey muslim tunic by two men as she
struggled and yelled,"No!" over and over. Her eyes bugged when she saw evil
looking whips hanging on the walls and a charcoal grille near the center with
metal things heating in it.

They locked manacles to her wrists with chains on them and then others to her
ankles. When they were on she was lifted into the air then her ankles were
pulled apart until she was nearly doing the splits and hooked to the wall.

Then the Mother superior said,"This girl is an incorrigible heretic. She will be
tortured until she admits being a heretic then of course tortured more for being
one. Naturally there are no limits but it will be appreciated by all if you can
make the show last as long as possible."

Josie wailed,"No. Please no. I'll be good."

But Mother ignored her and continued, "We will need two inquisitors who will be
the highest and second highest bidders. The lower bidders of course will be able
to see a show unequaled since the Spanish inquisition and be serviced by our
staff of lovely young nubile girls.

The bidding started and many of the women waved their hands frantically to be
sure their bids were noticed. I noticed most of them were older and homely and
assumed they were jealous of the lovely young Josie.

The bidding went clear up to two thousand dollars before a man and a woman
realized they were the only bidders and both had won.

They were led back stage as Josie remained hanging there crying and protesting.
The came back in a few minutes looking frightening. The man had a big hairy
chest and was wearing black leather pants and a leather hood like the picture I
had seen of the inquisition. He was carrying a cat O nine tails with little
metal barbs at the ends of the tightly braided thongs.

She came out wearing a tiny leather bikini bottom with gold rings in the nipples
of her small but nice breasts perfect for her skinny body.

The man came over to Josie and ripped the tunic off of her leaving red marks at
her shoulders while she continued to whine,"No."

I think Mother nust have told them to start easy to make the show last because
they began by circling her hitting her all over with a riding crop. Josie had
experienced that before so she just gasped at each one.

Then they switched to thin nylon rods that left terible skinny welts all over
including her breasts and pussy. That was enough to make Josie cry and again
scream "No."

The man picked up the "Cat" and circled around her hitting so hard the little
barbs jerked out pieces of flesh and ripped her nipple and pussy lips. He handed
the whip to the woman who ripped the other nipple and concentrated just on her
breasts and pussy until all you could see was blood.

Josie fainted. They revived her and then threw buckets of white water on her.
Josie screamed at the top of her lungs. One of my girl friends said,"Oh shit
that is water mixed with styptic powder. It burns awful but will stop the
bleeding."

She was right the bleeding stopped as they changed Josie's bondage so she was
hanging upside down with open legs and her hands tied behind the post to make
her breasts with the mangled nipples push out.

Josie was revived again and the woman took a red hot rod from the charcoal and
rubbed it against Josies's nipple causing steam to raise from it as Josies eyes
bugged out with a terrible scream. She kept rubbing it on her until it cooled
then the man got one and rubbed the other nipple until both were just blackened
nubs.

Josie continued to scream and gurgle. Evidentally being hung upside down with
the blood trapped in her head kept her from passing out.

Then the woman took another rod so hot that when she rubbed it on her vagina the
hair caught fire. When she finished the man took another rod and slid it up and
down her slit causing a lot of steam and I knew her clit was being fried.

The woman took another rod and stuck it into Josie's anus leaving it there as
blisters formed and popped while Josies screamed herself hoarse.

The man took a fireplace poker with a hook and jammed it out of sight into her
pussy. Josie made a gurgling sound then went silent. Nothing they could do would
revive her and she was let down and dragged out.

Everyone was so fascinated by the spectacle no-one had asked for blowjobs or
fucking but now that it was over they more than made up for it. I sucked so many
dicks and ate so many pussies I was nauseous from all the juices by the time the
last guy could not get it up again.

I went to my room and looked longingly out my barred window to see the fence and
a big tree on the other side of it in the light of a full moon. That is when I
got the idea.

When the guy came to my room for my nightly whipping I said,"Do you see that
tree? When I was in school I saw a picture from slave times where a woman was
hung from a tree like that and was whipped. It caused me to have wild fantasies.
If you would hang me from it and whip me until you are exhausted I will give you
the best blow job you have ever had."

"You blow me anyway."

"Yes but that is forced. If I do it willingly I can make it a lot better."

He was interested and said,"Oh yeah? Do you think you could get it in your
throat?"

I had always gagged and my throat had closed but I lied and said I could do it
if I really wanted to."

"Well okay but this is our secret. I am not supposed to take you girls out of
the fence."

"Oh yes! I won't tell anybody. It is my idea. I will love you for it."

That convinced him and he led me out and pushed a combination on the gate to
open it and lead me to the tree. He looped the soft rope around my wrists and
then threw the end over a limb to lift me up on my toes.

He whipped me forever I was exhausted but sheer will-power kept me conscious
since I knew I would have little time to get loose while he was gone.

Finally he finished and said, "I am going to get my bottle of whiskey. Would you
like a drink?" 

I moaned,"I would love a drink knowing their lockers were at the other end of
the building."

He walked back to the gate and just as he entered the door I was able to slip
the rope over my hands and drop to the ground.

I ran as fast s I could stark naked to the highway and waved frantically at a
big truck. The whole truck shuddered as he slammed on the brakes. I frantically
climbed up and into the passenger side and yelled,"Go please go."

He grinned and said,"Okay little lady." He jammed the truck in gear and soon we
were going sixty to let me relax a little.

He said,"I have never picked up a naked hitchhiker before. How do you happen to
be that way?'

I told him something about the terrible place and he turned on the dome light to
see my welted naked body.

He said,"Hey that is one beautiful bod and the welts seem to make it look
sexier."

"Thank you. Where are you going?"

"To Los angeles but I am going to have to drop you in the next town. You are
under age and I could get into deep shit."

That was too close and I begged,"Please take me with you all the way I will suck
and fuck you whenever you want or anything."

He got interested and said, "Really? Maybe I'll pull over at the next wide place
and you can show me."

"Please take me at least twenty miles from that place I will make it good."

He got on his radio to say,"Breaker,Breaker this is big Slim I am near Barkly
heading south on 80. Any smokies around?"

Someone came on to say, "You are clear slim I am about five miles in front of
you and it is clear."

He jammed the pedal to the metal and we surged up to eighty until we got to a
rest stop. He had me get back in the sleeper and I gave him the best blow job I
knew how to do then let him fuck me in the ass doggy style. It was great!

We drove all night with me sitting next to him so he could fondle my naked body
anytime he had the urge. After my experiences the gentle fondling and squeezing
were heaven. Every minute was taking me further away from that awful place .
End part 7




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





