BDSM Library - Kitchen Intruder




Kitchen Intruder
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Man enters property and rapes two sisters and forces them to conduct sexual acts upon each other.
KITCHEN INTRUDER.

"Don't move, stay completely still" shouted the man standing with a knife,
standing inside the external entrance to the kitchen-diner. Sara, an 18-year-old
brunette of approximately 5ft 8inches tall, slim with ample breasts looked at
Mandy in astonishment. The first thing that went through her mind was just how
the stranger had managed to find his way into the back garden? 

The two girls were sitting down at the kitchen table drinking coffee when
intruder appeared. Mandy, naturally a brunette but with bleached blonde hair and
five years senior to her sister Sara, noticed that the man was wearing a crude
black mask, T-shirt and jeans. Mandy was the taller of the girls and always took
a pride in the fact that her 'boobs' were bigger then her younger sister's.

The man walked towards the table,
"Get out of here," said Mandy rising from the table. The man rushed around the
table and grabbed Mandy's shoulder just before she could move the chair back and
face the intruder. He immediately slammed her back in the chair and banged her
face against the surface of the table.
"Hey look err" she tried to reconcile the situation until she felt the blade of
the sharp knife at her throat.
"Just shout the fuck up or I will use this" he waved the blade at the frightened
Sara "If I hear a noise out of either of you there will be trouble. Put your
head down on the table", he was looking at Sara "NOW" he cried. "Put your hands
behind your backs, both of you"

The man had the situation under control. Both girls were sat facing each other
at the kitchen table, both were wearing jeans and t-shirts and both were leaning
forward with their heads resting on the table and their hands were behind their
backs. He knew that it would be harder for either of them to make a 'bid' for
freedom without him knowing about it. Not that he was overall worried at this
stage. The nearest house was some 600 yards away. Scaling the 6ft high wall into
the back garden of the girl's residence had been easy. Beyond the wall was
woodland and there was very little chance of any one witnessing his entering.

"Take of your belts" he said.
 "Are you crazy?" replied Mandy only to have her head lifted and cracked against
the table again. This time she looked in pain.
"I'm getting pissed off with your attitude" said the man looking round the
kitchen. He spotted a laundry basket with clean linen and underwear. He picked
up a pair of clean ladies skimpy pink knickers and ripped the elastic.
"Perhaps this will shut you up," he said rolling the knickers between his hands
to form a gag. He approached Mandy.
"Open your mouth" he said falsing the gag into her mouth. He tied the two ends
of the material behind her head. He did give some thought as to which of the two
girls the knickers belonged to, but didn't care to much as it was his intention
to find out what they were wearing below anyway.



"Right now take your belts off both of you" This time Mandy reached down and
undid her belt, slipped it from her waist and placed it on the table. Sara, not
wishing to receive the wroth of the man's temper had already removed hers. He
promptly used the belt to tie Mandy's hands behind her back and then repeated
the exercise with Sara.

The man produced some long cable ties from his clothing. He pulled Sara's chair
back from the table and Sara with it. He pulled her tied wrists back and looped
a cable tie between her tied wrists and the bars at the back of the chair. He
hands were now tied directly behind her back. He then pulled her waist forward
so that her bottom was resting on the tip of the chair. He then pulled her right
leg away from her body and then back at an angle towards the rear of the chair
and cable tied her ankle to the bottom of the rear leg. A cable tie was also
placed around the thigh and front leg of the chair. It was loose but secure. He
then repeated the process with the left leg. After he had finished Sara was sat
uncomfortably on the edge of the chair, her 'dignity' would be fully exposed if
not for jeans and panties.

"Look, if it is money you want....." Sara said shakily
"Shut up" he replied. He did not rough her up as he could sense that she was
more nervous then the other girl and was likely to co-operate fully.

He walked behind Mandy who was still sat at the table with her head on the
surface. He pulled the chair back and helped her to her feet and then away from
the table and stood her in front of Sara. For the first time Mandy could see
that Sara was restrained and Sara could see the look of fear and disapproval in
her eyes.

The man stood behind Mandy holding her tied wrists out behind her bending her
torso forward.
"It is time to help you out of these clothes" he said waving the knife in front
of her face. "Be still or you might get cut".
Mandy felt the man grab the neck of her t-shirt as he made a slit from the neck
down to her jeans exposing her pale skinned back and white bra. She groaned into
her gag and made little resistance in fear of the sharp blade. The man continued
to rip apart the t-shirt around the neck and shoulders before he managed to slip
it off over her chest. Sara looked on in silence, tears in her eyes.

"Be very still now," he said as he grabbed hold of the waistband of her jeans
above her buttocks and sliced through the material and continued cutting down to
the legs. The ripped trousers fell to her thighs exposing her white skimpy
knickers. He continued to cut downwards towards the ankles until it became
easier to lift each leg of the victim and remove the ragged clothing. Mandy was
now stood with her wrists tied behind her back only in her bra and knickers.

The man needed the girl secured for the next exercise. He grabbed a chair next
to Sara and turned it so that the back was facing the restrained Sister. He
pulled Mandy to the front of the chair and gently leaned her forward until her
shoulders were resting on the chair back. His victim could not lean back without
using her arms, which were rendered useless behind her. He spread each leg and
cable tied each ankle to the front legs of the chair. Mandy was bent over, legs
spread and secured. Her shoulders were uncomfortably digging into the back of
the chair, her head was tipped forward, her long blonde hair covering her face.

The knife sliced through the seam of the bra. Mandy groaned in protest and
swayed sideways to-and-fro. The cups were removed to reveal two large breasts
that dangled towards the floor. Mandy could feel the man tugging at her knickers
and felt the knife sliced first round one hip and then the other, the material
was violently tugged from her behind exposing her ass hole and cunt.

Mandy looked up as the man approached the seated Sara with the knife. Sara sat
silently as the knife first carved through her t-shirt, then jeans. The cutting
away of the jeans was more difficult with the girl seated and spread. He started
from the ankles, slicing the material around each leg up to the thighs and
beyond the cable ties. Access to the backside of the girl was relatively
straightforward with the girl perched on the edge of the seat and he ripped the
material apart at the crutch. He was then able to work the ragged material from
the legs up towards her waist before relieving her fully of the discarded
material by lifting her bottom slightly from the chair. Next he cut away Sara's
bra and pulled it from her chest exposing her beautifully rounded breasts. The
girl winced as she felt him slice through her panties and the rough material was
pulled roughly away and discarded.

He took a moment to admire his handy work. The girl in the chair looked a
stunning sight perched on the edge of the seat with legs pulled apart and tied
back, exposing her black bush and cunt lips. He looked back at the blonde girl,
"well not so blonde girl" he thought as he caught sight of her vulva.
Nevertheless, she did like quite appetising naked and spread over the chair. The
hardness of the cock in his trousers reminded him that he would have to stop
playing games with these games and get on with the action very soon.

He grabbed hold of the blonde girls hair and held the blade to her neck. "I am
going to take this gag off. Any sound out of you and you know what will happen,
do you hear?" she reluctantly nodded in understanding and the man loosened and
removed the gag from her mouth. He took a step backwards between the girls.

"What's your name?" he said to the blonde.
" Mandy" she replied.
"And yours?" he said to the brunette.
"Sara"
"Friends with each other?" he asked
"Sisters" Sara replied.
"Sisterly love eh?" he turned to the blonde "Mandy, I am going to untie you from
the back of this chair and put you between your sisters legs"
"What?" she replied.
"Do I have to spell it out for you? I want you to sit between your sister's legs
and use that sweet tongue to arouse your younger sister"
"You must be kidding," she said
"You aint got much fucking choice and besides, I will make you a deal. You do
this for me and I wont violate your sisters sweet hole"
Mandy said nothing as the man untied her. She looked at Sara who was weeping
quietly. He helped straighten Mandy's stiffened body and it was now that he
could see that he breasts were rounded and much bigger then her sisters. He felt
the urge to play with her breasts but had other things on his mind. He removed
the belt from her wrists and tied them in front of her using a cable tie.
"Mandy, walk over to your sister and put your breasts in front of her face.
Sara, I want you to suck Mandy's nipple until I tell you to stop. I mean it
isn't fair that you should be in line for a wet cunt and your sister gets
nothing is it?" he said rhetorically.
"Well go on" he gestured to the blonde "get on with it," he said holding the
knife in front of her.

Mandy walked over to her sister and bent over in front of her. She supported her
tied wrists on the rear of the chair and dangled her breasts in front of her
sister's face. There was a pause.
"Well I don't see much licking and sucking going on. Maybe I should fuck you
Sara"
Reluctantly, she parted her lips and protruded her tongue to her sister's left
breast. She began to lick around the nipple.
"Suck, come on, now" urged the man. Sara took first the left nipple in her mouth
and then sucked and licked. She changed her attention to the other breast when
told to by the man and then backs again on command. Mandy's nipples were
beginning to harden although the distant look on the girl's face indicated that
she was not turned on by the sexual act.

The man tired of this act after a while and decided that a change was necessary.
"Down you go now Mandy" he said and pushed down on her shoulder's to get her
face at the same level as Sara's cunt.
"On your hands and knees" he instructed "now don't disappoint your sister Mandy,
give her a good going over"
With Sara's open and exposed cunt perched on the edge of the chair it was easy
for the man to supervise the proceedings.
"Now get your head in there. I want you to lick around her crack first before
taking her clit in your mouth, then I want to see your tongue flickering in and
out of her twat" he ordered.
Knowing the consequences if she did not do as she was told, Mandy began licking
around her sister's cunt. She had never done anything like this before in her
life. She used her saliva to lubricate her sister's hole as she flickered the
tongue in and out and against her clit. She sensed that her sister was becoming
a little aroused despite the humiliation.

Sara sobbed quietly as she watched the man undress behind her sister. She felt
humiliated at the proceedings and wished it would stop. Whilst only 18 years of
age, she had slept with one boy who did nothing like this. It went through her
mind that the experience could be enjoyable if it was a bloke between her spread
wide legs and not her big sister. She also feared that she or her sister or both
of them might get fucked by the intruder.

The man slipped off his underwear and clasped his red-blooded erection. Without
warning, he knelt behind Mandy and placed his cock next to the entrance of her
exposed cunt. He leaned forward and put his right hand on her shoulder; she knew
he was there and tried to get up.
"Don't stop or else" He said holding the knife in front of her eyes. He parted
her virginal lips with his left hand and then grabbed hold of her hips as he
entered the dry cavity.
Mandy grunted; and he pushed her forward to make sure that the girl was still in
a position to service her sister's twat. He worked his erection further inside
her while the girl continued to lap at her sister's cunt in fear of the knife.
Finally, her cunt muscles succumbed and his cock was fully inside, his balls
rammed up against her buttocks. He drew in and out slowly at first as the lining
of her cunt became lubricated and then rammed it in and out for a further five
minutes. Mandy remained quiet.

He fought the urge to come inside the girl as there were more games to play. He
pulled out of the inviting cunt and pulled the girl from between the legs of her
sister and told her to lie on her back. Cable ties were used to tie her ankles
to the legs of the vacant chair, keeping them spread. He also replaced the gag
just in case she had any objections to his next game.

He went over to Sara and stood between her legs.
"As you van see, my erection is dirty after being inside your sister's cunt,
suck it clean" There were groans of objection from her sister but she was
tightly secure. Sara looked at the man in horror.
"Come on, unless you want it in your cunt" he said. He held the stiff cock in
front of her face. Reluctantly, her mouth opened and her lips engulfed the tip
of his shaft. He placed a hand on the back of her head to hold her steady then
pushed the cock further into her mouth. The girl licked and sucked his swollen
member and began to choke as he pushed further towards her throat. Unexpectedly,
he pulled out.

"Mandy, you know our agreement that I won't fuck your sister. Sorry, I have
changed my mind. He said.
"No" Said Sara, although she was powerless to fend off the intruder as he
lowered his erect cock to her cunt hole. Mandy was grunting and groaning through
her gag in the background.
"Oh quite moist" He said parting her cunt lips "seems that your sister did a
good job on you"
With little effort he placed the tip of the cock inside the moist hole. He
grabbed hold of the unwilling girls buttocks pulling her off the chair as far as
her bounds would allow before plunging his cock all the way inside the girl.
Sara screamed whilst the man pumped furiously in and out of her hole for several
minutes before exploding inside the 18 year old.

After taking a short time to recover the man withdrew his wilting cock from the
violated hole. He could smell the semen and sex as he retracted. Sara was sat in
the chair crying.

The stranger got dressed and hurriedly and decided it was time to move on. He
left the way he had arrived, through the kitchen.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pauly


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





