BDSM Library - The Dance




The Dance
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Girl spanked for dancing with other boys and blackmailed to accept caning and sex.
THE DANCE by Allene m/f teen spanking sex

It was a typical high school date and typical people, with me as head
cheerleader and Ron as quarterback of the football team. Hetook me to the
drive in for hamburgers and fries then went on to the high school dance.

It wasn't like we were going steady or anything. It was just our third
date and I had only let him fondle my breasts a little on our last one so
I didn't think there was anything wrong with dancing with other guys. I am
kind of vain and enjoyed the fact guys would push and shove to ask me to dance. 

Ron was kind of sulky even though I made sure he got to dance with me to
the slow ones that were the most intimate since ourbodies rubbed together.
 
He seemed even more pouty on the way out to his car only grunting as I
babbled on how great it was that the deejay had played almost all of my
favorite songs.

When we left the school parking lot he turned left towards my house rather
than to the right that led to the Lookout Point we usually went to for
hugs and kisses.

When I looked at him he was staring through the windshield with clenched
teeth. I asked him what was wrong and he turned to me to say nastily.

"What is wrong? You don't know what is wrong?! I spent my last damn dime
on our dinner and the dance tickets and I may just have well gone stag for
all the dances I got with you." 

"Hey I can't help it that I am popular. I saved the slow ones you like for
you." 

"That isn't good enough! You didn't see the other girls dancing with guys
other than their dates. You are a spoiled brat. Your parents should have
spanked you more!" 

I was shocked into silence. I had no idea a few dances were going to make
him so mad and I liked him a lot. He was a football hero and good looking.
I remembered that the only spankings I had ever experienced were birthday
spankings from my parents and grandparents which had not hurt and seemed
to please them since I was always hugged afterward. 

I cleared my throat and said softly, "Would you feel better if I let you
spank me?" 

"Really! You are kidding me aren't you?" 

"No. Maybe I was out of line. If you want to give me a spanking. It is
okay if it will make you forgive me." 

"It may hurt you know. I have never spanked a girl before." 

"Well I guess it should hurt a little to make up to you." 

"All right!" 

Tires squealed as he turned left at the next road then right into a dirt
road leading into the woods. He pulled in to a clearing then pushed the
seat of his old "classic" Caddy convertible back as far as it would go. 

By that time I was a little scared about how excited he was and was
hugging the door. He slid into the middle of the bench seat and said, "If
you are serious lay over my knees." 

I was a little scared but I had agreed so I laid over his lap and he
opened the passenger door so my feet could stick out and let me lay flat.

He began spanking me not hard on top of my skirt and it didn't hurt at
all. I could just feel my round butt bouncing under his hand more like a
massage than a punishment. 

The idea of a grown girl almost eighteen being spanked like a little kid
struck me as funny and I began to giggle. That was not the reaction he
wanted at all!

He said, "Oh you think this is funny do you! I'll show you funny." 

He jerked my skirt up on my back and his big hands started coming down on
my thin bikini panties. This was entirely different! Not only because now
sharp stings accompanied the bounce of my cheeks but also it was so
intimate.

As it went on the stings seemed to turn to tingles that radiated deep into
my body and especially my crotch. Then he changed to a spank on each cheek
followed by a rub that seemed to spread the tingles even faster.

To my surprise I began to get the same feelings I received from
masturbation. I was very close to orgasm when he suddenly stopped saying,

 "I guess you learned your lesson." 

I was so excited I just jumped up to straddle his legs and began
kissing him while grinding my breasts with the now stiff nipples into his
chest.

He literally ripped off my panties and I got up on my knees so I could
unsnap and unzip his jeans so we could both pull them down to his knees.
His rock hard cock flipped out to reach almost to his navel. I grabbed it
with one hand to lead it into my sopping vagina then sunk  on it to drive
it into me as deep as I could.

While I bounced up and down on it he pulled my sweater over my
head then pulled off my bra the same way.

He began kissing and nibbling at my nipples then began spanking me again
in time with my lifts. Now with both hands.

I went crazy. I was gasping, giggling. and squealing at the same time. I
had several orgasms stronger than I had ever received from masturbation
since I had no idea up to then that I could have more than one. 

Finally he began making faces and grunted. Shortly after that his dick
softened to slip out of my pussy. I began grinding my pussy into his soft
organ but it wasn't the same.

 I rolled off his legs to feel the sensuous feeling of the leather seat on
my hot, stinging butt and just panted as he was doing. I felt kind of in
shock.

Then he said weakly, "God that was unreal!" 

"Yeah I had no idea I would react that way. I must be weird." 

"A great weird! So much for the politically correct sensitive male. Huh?"

"Yeah. I was wondering if you would ever be a real man but I am exhausted.
Take me home. I need to think about this." 

He took me home giving me a deep kiss goodnight. 

I thought about it alright. Enough to excite me for masturbation and to
keep me excited thinking about it every time I saw him.

I can hardly wait for the next dance. I am going to dance with a lot of guys.




                     THE DANCE PART TWO.


The next morning when I awoke I thought I had experienced a weird dream but when
I looked at my butt in the bathroom mirror just before my shower I saw some
little bruises that had not been there the day before.

I realized my entire social life was in danger if Ron told anyone about our
night together after the dance. I frantically called his home but this mother
said he had already left for school. This was straange because he always got
there barely on time or tardy and it was only eight in the morning.

I hrriedly pulled on some jeans and a oversize t-shirt not even bothering with
underwear and rather than my long make-up session I just put on lipstick and
tied my long blonde hair into a pony tail so I could catch him at school before
he talked to anyone.

I jumped into my little old car to race to school but his car was not in the
parking lot. I thought maybe his dumb old car may have broken down again and
went into the school to run down the aisles looking into class rooms startling
everyone but he was not there so I ran back out to the parking lot just as he
pulled in with his best friend, Mitch, sitting in the passenger seat.

I rushed up to them and said, "Mitch, could I see Ron alone please."

He looked at me funny and said, "Sure. I've got to get to class."

As soon as he was out of earshot I said, "Ron, You haven't told anyone about
last night have you? It would ruin me."

"Hell no! I don't kiss and tell. Well, except for Mitch of course. We have no
secrets between us but he won't tell anyone."

How can you be sure you idiot! If he spreads the story I will be the "Weird
slut!" for the rest of the school year."

"Hey don't be calling me an idiot or you will be getting another spanking only a
lot harder!"

"Bullshit! There will be no more spankings! I am never going out with you
again!"

As I walked away in a huff it occurreds to me that I was vulnerable to blackmail
and looked back at him a little relieved he now looked heartbroken rather than
mad.

Mitch was already in class and the bell had rung. So I went to my class to
fidgit in my seat until the bell finally rang. I ran to the door of his class to
take his arm the moment he came to the door to pull him over to a corner of the
hall where we could have some privacy.

I said frantically, "You have to promise you won't tell anyone else about what
happened last night! Promise me!"

He looked amazed and I realized I had made a mistake in panic. He said in awe,
"You mean that story Ron told me was true? I just thought it was another of his
fantasies. He has been telling me lies about girls since we were kids."

I felt really dumb. I should have known the experience was too wild for anyone
to believe. Even his best friend thought it was a lie."

I began to panic again when he said, "Jesus. This is juicy. Alice would love to
hear about it."

Alice was the school gossip. She seemed to know all the dirt about everyone. I
remembered giggling as she told me how various girls had lost their virginity.
Now I was a source for scandal.

I pleaded, "Please you won't tell her. You might as well put it on the public
address system. Please. Please. I'll give you money.! Anything!"

"I'll have to think about it. I'll meet you at lunch."

I hardly remembered being in the classes before lunch. Whe I went into the lunch
room I found him at a corner table away from everyone talking to Ron.

I went over to them and they slid apart on the bench to give me a seat between
them.

I sat there a moment sipping the soda I had been sure all my nervous stomach
could keep down as they stared at me then Mitch said,

"You shouldn't feel so bad Allene. I have been reading stories on a newsgroup on
the web called Soc. Sexuality Spanking. There are a lot of girls like you."

I had never heard of the site. My parents had put parental controls on our
computer to avoid anything sexy. I said doubtfully, "Maybe, but none at this
school. You won't tell anyone. Will you?"

"Well Ron and I have been talking this over.Remember you said you would give me
money or anything to keep me quiet?"

"Yes I have almost fifty dollars saved up. I'll give it to you."

"That isn't what I had in mind. I have been reading about school girl spankings
and the idea excites me and also Ron. If you will satisy our little fantasy we
promise not to tell anyone."

I thought about it. Maybe most of the kids wouldn't believe them but certainly a
few would and others would wonder. I also had to admit the first spanking had
excited me and if I agreed I wouldn't have to feel guilty since I was being
black mailed into it.

I said tremously, "You promise you will never tell anyone?"

"Sure. It will be our little secret."

That reminded me of when my older cousin and I had played "Doctor" but he had
kept the secret.

"O okay. But just this one time and you have to swear on the Bible."

"Sure. No problem. Ron and I are going to cut the afternoon classes to get this
set up. Meet us at my barn after school. My folks won't be home until six."

You can imagine how the rest of the school day went. I was in a daze and often
was yelled at by teachers to pay attention. The final bell rang and I called Mom
to tell her I would be home late because we were learning new cheerleader
routines. This was easy for her to believe since it actually happened at least
once a week.

I must have stopped to turn around four or five times on the way to Mitch's
place but every time I would decide I had to do it. I pulled into the driveway
to see Ron's Caddy parked next to the barn and parked next to it. I sat there a
few moments gathering my nerve, then went in to the dim barn.

It was obvious as soon as mye eyes adjusted to the dim light that this was not
going to a simple over the knee spanking.

They had driven two metal fenceposts into the ground and had wired a pipe to
make a crosspiece at waist high. There were two stakes below the cross piece
with horse hobbles wired to them and they were finishing two others in front of
them obviously for my wrists.

When Ron saw me He came over to say, "Mitch printed one of the stories so you
will know what we want."

He handed me a couple of pieces of paper which I read. It was a very short story
wriiten by a barely literate author. Essentially the plot was a girl was found
cheating and the principle and vice principal gave her six spanks apiece with a
cane while she was tied over a bannister. My idea of a cane was a walking cane
which I was sure bruised her terribly. It left her crying hysterically.

I said, "This is horrible. Don't you feel sorry for the poor girl?

"Oh we won't hit you that hard. We just picked that story for the bannister
idea. Did you notice they took her pants down?"

I cried, "I can't do that! I am not wearing panties."

That isn't our fault is it? We aren't going to wait for you to go home and get
some. We don't have a cane so we deided to give you a break and let you cut your
own switches. Take this machete and cut a couple off the willow tree outside.

I took the machete and looked over the array of different lengths and thickness
of switches. I thought briefly of cutting big ones in order to argue that they
were too severe to be used on a bare bottom but then the horrible thought struck
me that they may still pull down my pants to use them so I cut two little
switches that were light and only about two feet long.

I took a deep breath then went back in to see them standing behind a manger as
if it was a court bench.

I walked over to them realizing they were going to play out the fantasy to make
my ordeal last as long as possible.

Ron said, "Miss Allene Blake you have been caught cheating which is an offence
against your school your classmates and yourself. Have you any doubts about your
guilt."

All of a sudden I did feel guilty not about the fantasy cheating but the fact I
was a crazy slut.

I whimpered. "No. I am guilty."

"Good. Your sentence was to be twelve of the best but since you picked such
wimpy switches it may be more. Now strip off the leaves and branches. We do not
intend spanking you with leaves."

I began strpping off the leaves and little branches. The innocent switches now
looked like whips!

I whimpered, They are ready Sir."

"Good. Now go over to the bannister and buckle the hobbles to your ankles."

I sobbed as I moved over to them thinking how cruel they were to make me prepare
the switches that would hurt me and now to have to bind myself for the pain that
would follow.

I heard Mitch whisper, "My God! She is going to do it."

When I had them fastened and stood up with tears in my eyes but strangely
excited, Ron said, "We will take care of the wrists."

Mitch pushed me forward at my shoulders and I bent over the pipe. They had made
it a little too high and even on tiptoes it dug into my tummy just above my
pubic bone. When they finished buckling the hobbles I tugged on them and
suddenly realized I was completely at their mercy.

I pleaded, "Please don't hurt me too bad."

"Just bad enough." Ron replied.

Then he dragged my shirt from where it was trapped by the pipe towards my boobs
and unsnapped and unzipped my jeans to pull them down as far my open legs would
allow.

I blushed furiously. Being naked in the dark car seemed nothing compared to
being naked in this relatively bright light. I knew the sparse blonde hairs
would not hide my sex at all.

Mitch said, "We must prepare the area to be spanked."

He began rubbing my butt cheeks then inner thighs oh so close to my vagina and
it felt good. Too good. I felt excitement rising which just brought guilt with
it.

I moaned. "Please stop. Just spank me and get it over so I can go home."

They stepped back then thre was a "Whish" followed by a sharp sting across my
butt cheeks  Then another just below it and more working down until I had to
squeal at an especially sharp sting right where my butt cheeks joined my thighs.

They stopped and Mitch exclaimed, "God You were right Ron. Her slit is
dripping!"

Ron giggled and said, "I told you so"

By then I didn't care what they thought. I cried, "God don't stop now!"

The stings resumed only now they didn't just hit my butt. They began letting the
flexible switches dig into my inner thighs and even jerk at my labia to throw me
into a powerful orgasm.

They stopped and I laid over the pipe weakly panting uncaring that my t-shirt
had slipped over my head to puddle at my wrists leaving me totally naked.

Ron said, "You want to be fucked now. Don't you?"

I moaned, "Oh yes! Make me forget the pain."

He didn't bother to release me. He just drove his penis into my vagina from
behind while his fingers rubbed my clit until My orgasms were making me spacey.
Mitch pulled up my head by my hair and his dick rubbed on my cheek. It seemed
only natural to open my mouth to let it in where I could suck on it while
massaging it with my tongue.

Ron began thrusting faster as Mitch pulled on my breasts to get his dick into my
throat until they grunted and a flood of Mitch's semen filled my mouth.

They released me and pulled up my jeans as they said, "Okay Allene. You honored
your agreement and we will honor ours. We won't tell anyone."

I walked unsteadily out to my car and had to sit in it a while before I calmed
enough to drive home feeling the stings on my bottom all the way.

For the next few days at school no-one looked at me strangely so I knew they had
kept their promise. I wonder if I should offer to take another spanking to show
my gratitude.

loveya Allene




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





