BDSM Library - Spring Break




Spring Break
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The three girls were supposed to have fun during spring break. But they were caught speeding and it cost them much more than a ticket.
                      SPRING BREAK by allene


Trish, Buffy and I decided to drive to Florida for Spring Break. Trish's dad was
an old car buff and had restored a 1970 Cadillac convertible for her. It was
huge and the three of us could sit in the front seat easily. We decided it would
be fun to tease the truckers on the way down who could easily see into the open
car so we wore our tiniest micro-skirts and T-shirts cut off just below the
VASSAR logo so we could flash our boobs. We thought that would be good practice
for the wet t-shirt contests we planned to enter.

We all had great bodies from practising our cheerleader routines and were sure
at least one of us would win and even if we didn't we would be able to pick and
choose among the boys for dates.

We had a great time going down. Buffy's brother had bought us a case of beer
which we stuffed into coolers of ice and we were laughing and chugging the beer
enjoying the stares and erratic driving of the truckers when we pulled up our
skirts to show our tiny panties or jerked up the t-shirts.

We almost made it. When we stopped for snacks in Georgia Buffy noticed a
secondary road that seemed to be a shortcut in the map. Since she had been
designated as navigator we tried it. It was just two lane blacktop with very few
cars. We missed not being able to shake up the truckers but found a new
diversion. We began throwing the empty beer cans at mail boxes while Trish
bombed along about 70 in the 55MPH speed limit.

All of a sudden we were shocked by a loud siren behind us. Trish said, "Oh shit!
This is gonna cost me." Little did she know.

She pulled over and Buffy suggested she wrap a fifty dollar bill around her
license since she had heard the hick cops often accepted bribes. Trish slid
forward in her seat to pull her skirt right up to the crotch and when this fat
cop in a faded uniform came to the door she said innocently, "Hi Officer. Did I
do something wrong?" and handed him her license with the fifty wrapped around
it.

He stared at her thighs then looked at the license saying, "What is the fifty
for?"

Trish smiled amnd said, "I thought I would pay the fine now to save time. We are
in a hurry to get to Florida."

He said gruffly, "Girlie this won't even come close to your fines. I have you
for speeding, destroying private property by hitting the mail boxes, open
containers, and I think you are all drunk and under age. Get out of the car. All
of you! Get in the back of my patrol car. Now!"

Trish said, "What about my car?  am not going to let some doofus drive it. Dad
spent a lot of time and money restoring it."

He pulled his gun! "Girlie don't argue. Your car will be towed. You aren't going
to drive it one more foot until you have had a breathalyzer."

We felt sick. Our vacation would be ruined. We had money and plastic so the
fines would be no problem but if Trishes license was taken her dad would shit.
Buffy and my folks would shit if they found out we had been arrested.

Obviously we weren't going to take the chance this idiot may shoot us so we got
out of the car and into the backseat of his which had no door handles and a
screen between the front and back seat.

It was bad enough to be frightened by our arrest but he made it worse by ranting
on about how he hated us rich kids that thought we owned the world and that we
should be ashamed of being such sluts and that he may add indecent exposure to
our crimes.

He made a right turn into another little road that led into the woods until we
came to a town. It looked like a ghost town! There was a big factory building
with broken windows and obviously vacant and all the businesses except a little
convenience store had the windows and doors boarded up.

He dove up to a concrete building with just a sign saying "JAIL" over the door
and led us in to put us in individual cells while saying, "You can wait here
while I get the judge." The cells were terrible. Just a big iron bed and a five
gallon bbucket obviously to be used as a toilet. As bad as I had to pee after
all the beer I resolved I would die before I squatted over it with no privacy.

Once we were securely locked up he just stood and stared at us for a minute. I
wished I was wearing coveralls and I am sure the other girls felt the same way.

Then Trish said, "For Chrissakes. Go get the judge. We are in a hurry."

He just smiled evilly and said, "There aint no judge. I am judge, jury and
executioner. The only people in town are my sister, brother and me since the
fucking factory closed to move down to Mexico for the cheap spick labor. We
wouldn't be here either if I had not come up with this scheme."

Trish said, "You mean you can make a living off of traffic tickets?"

"Hell no. There is more to it than that. You girls are worth money!"

Trish said, "Oh shit girls! We have been kidnapped. How much ransom are you
going to want? Our folks have most of their money tied up in investments."

He just grinned again and said, "Do you think I am that stupid? How could we
collect ransom? FBI would be crawling all over any place we had your folks put
it. No, once you are trained you are worth a mint in the slave market. Also my
brother will pick up your car and we will make a phony bill of sale to sell it
at a good price in the carribbean where it can't be traced."

We all began crying. How could this terrible thing happen to us?

He went into Trish's cell and said, "Okay girlie. Let's see if you look as good
as I think. Get those clothes off. Everything! Even the shoes and socks."

"Fuck you! You prick! Dad will be calling our motel in a few hours to make sure
we got there alright and if we aren't there he will call the real cops. You had
better turn us loose now or you will be in jail forever!"

I knew that was a lie. Her folks were on a cruise with my folks and Buffy's and
we hadn't been able to find a motel with a vacancy. We had hoped we might bunk
with some of the other girls from school. I had to admire the lie and hoped it
would scare him.

He just walked over her and said, "Bullshit. The cops won't take a missing
report until you have been gone 24 hours. By then there will be no trace of you.
Now get those clothes off!"

Trish put an arm over her breasts and the other over her crotch as she shrilled,
"No! No!"

He went closer to her and yelled, "No? You will never use that word again!"

He punched her in the stomach! Hard! She fell to the floor gagging and trying to
breathe. While she was still trying to get her breath he picked her up and laid
her over the 2 inch pipes of the footboard of the bed and jerked her arms over
to handcuffs at the sides of the bed springs. Then I noticed more cuffs at the
legs of the foot board which he quickly snapped over her ankles. He walked out
leaving her there with her skirt up to her waist in that horribly bound
position.

Trish got back her breath and began struggling to get loose but all that did was
push her t-shirt up until her cute round boobs were rubbing on the dirty
mattress. She gave up and slumped to the mattress just as he returned.

He was carrying a riding crop! I was familiar with it. They were so evil I
wouldn't use one on my horse but Trish had. I was sure she would know now how
the horse had felt.

He went over to her and said, "A 'No' is worth twenty lashes and twenty more
anytime I hear it."

The quirt dug deep into the roundest part of her thinly clad butt and by the
tenth the panties were ripped and Trish scramed, "No! No more! I will take off
my clothes. Damn you!"

He growled, "Stupid bitch. That is two more 'No,s'."

She screamed and screamed as he slammed the sixty lashes into her until her
panties were in tatters and her voice went hoarse. Finally her body just jerked
at each lash as she became too exhausted to struggle then she fainted.

He left her cell and walked into Buffy's. He stared at her trembliing body a
moment then said, "Are you going to refuse to strip?"

She started to say "No." but caught herself changing it to "Nggg. I will strip
for you. Please don't hurt me. I will do anything you want."

"Good. Do it nice and slow. I want to see your naked skin a little at a time."

I knew that normally Buffy loved to strip in front of boys but this was totally
different. There was no music or excited boys. Just this ugly man with his day
old scruffy beard and beer belly staring at her malevolently.

She slowly slid her t-shirt up and over her head to show her  38D boobs she was
normally proud of but this time it just made her blush and tremble, she slowly
unzipped the skirt to slide it down and let it puddle at her feet then paused in
only her nearly transparent panties until he said, "Those too."

She made a little moan then slid down the panties slowly revealing her bikini
waxed pussy which hid nothing.

He went over to her and grabbed both her breasts squeeezing them until his
fingers went deep into them and then piinching and pulling on the nipples as she
gasped and trembled obviously fighting her impuls to push him away or grab his
hands.

As he did it he said, "I hope you do something wrong. I will love to see these
bouncing under my quirt."

She blanched at the thought and moaned, "Please. Please! I will be good."

"Good. Now kneel down and unzip my pants to give me a great blow job."

The idea horrified her so much she forgot and whined, "No. Please. It will make
me sick."

He smiile evilly and said, "That is a 'No'. Go over and lean back against the
wall."

She whined "Oh God. Pleases. Please!" but she slowly backed up to the wall as he
moved toward her.

When her butt hit the wall he said, "Put your hands on your head. If you take
them down I will start over."

She sobbed and tears rolled down her cheeks as she put her hands on her head. I
couldn't help but admire how beautiful her boobs looked as they rose to
eliminate any sag.

He started beating her poor tits with the quirt! She screamed and almost ripped
out her hair in the effort to keep her hands in place as her boobs jumped and
quivered under the quirt. By the time he finished they were a maroon color and
had swollen and she was crying hysterically.

He smiled and put his hand on his crotch to move the huge lump into a more
comfortable position then left to lock her door and come to mine.

He came in and said, "Are you ready to strip?

I had determined not to use the "No" word no matter what he would want and said
in a trembly voice, "Yes. I will try to make you happy."

I began the slow strip dreading the panty part knowing my pussy was completely
hairless. I closed my eyes and tried to imagine it was not him but my boyfriend
I was stripping for but he would not allow that fantasy by yelling, "Open your
eyes. Look at me!"

Shame and humiliation returned as I looked at his ugly leering face but I knew I
had to continue. I slid down the panties and stood at attention with my legs
apart as he ordered. I swear I could feel his eyes covering every inch of my
body as tears dripped off my chin to splash on my breasts.

By then Trish was awake and her and Buffy were staring at me. I wished they had
the decency to look away as that just added to my humiliation as I stood there
wondering what else I would have to suffer. His next statement made me realize
even my complete submission would not allow me to escape pain.

He grinned at me like a kid with a new toy and said, "You mind very well but you
should at least have a taste of pain to make sure you continue to be good. Come
over here and slide my belt out of my pants."

I knew it would be used on me and whined avoiding the "N" word, "Please. Do I
have to? I have done what you asked."

"Yes and if you argue you will be punished more. Now do it!"

I went to him now sobbing and slid out the belt and let it hang from my hand. My
only consolation was that it seemed much less severe than that terrible quirt he
had used on Trish to bruise her so terribly.

"Good. Give it to me and say, 'Please give me 5 spanks on my butt.' Bend over
and hold on to your knees for it."

God this would be the ultimate humiliation to actually ask for pain! I wished I
could be brave like Trish but knew that would be foolish since it would just be
worse.

I sobbed. "Please give me five spanks on my butt" then turned and bent over to
grip my knees tightly to brace for the pain.

It was weird I heard the "whir" of the belt and the "Splat!"  before I felt the
sharp sting on my butt. I had never been spanked before and was actually
relieved it was not as bad as I had feared. He had told me to ask for the spanks
by counting the next number and at two he hit lower at the bottom of my butt
which stung even more but was still bearable. I was able to continue to hold on
to my knnes and keep my response to gasps and shudders until 5 which landed on a
previously spanked place that stung enough to make me scream.

He said, "Good girl! Now turn around and stand up."

I know it sounds weird but his "Good Girl" pleased me and I felt a little proud
I was able to do as he asked. Unfortunately it was not over.

He said, "Put your hands on your head and push out your tits then ask me to give
you four spanks on your breasts."

The thought was horrifying! I whimpered "Please don't do this! I have been
good!"

"Would you rather argue and get twenty?

"Oh no sir. Please give me four spanks on my boobies."

At one he hit the side of my left breast to make a horrible sting that seemed to
sink in deeply and made it slap into my right breast. It took all my nerve to
say "Two"  He hit the outside of my right breast to make another sting and make
it slap into my left breast. I paused a moment feeling the terrible stings seem
to sink into my body before saying "Three." The tip hit into my cleavage to jerk
my breast toward my armpit and drag ove my nipple. I had to scream and shuddered
a moment before saying "Four."  He did the same to my other breast

I stood there sobbing with tears running down my cheeks as I felt the stings
radiate from my poor boobies which were beginning to throb with each heartbeat.
I caressed them trying to soothe them as he watched in glee.

He said, "Okay last bit. Open your legs and ask for three to your snatch."

I moaned, "Oh how can you be so mean!"

He had no sympathy saying, "Are you arguing?"

I said, "Oh Jesus!" and opened my legs a little but he kept saying "Wider" until
I felt the lips open and a strain to my inner thighs."

When he was satisfied I said, "One". he brought his belt up from the floor to
sting the right side of my crotch.

To my surprise the sting was no worse than the ones to my butt and much less
than the ones to my breasts. I said "Two" and he hit the other side. The stings
radiated into my tummy and around my clitoris. It was weird! As the stings
radiated I felt an excitement much like masturbation. That feeling was stopped
when I said, "Three." He brought the belt up the center to sink into my open
slit and rip at my tender inner lips and clitoris. I let out a scream at the
paiin that seemed to go deep into my guts and slapped my legs together to stand
there sobbing and caressing my pussy in the hope it may help.

He misinterpreted that completely as he watched me rubbing my pussy saying,
"Shit! Watching you jerking off has made me rock hard. Come over here and undo
my pants to give me a great blow-job."

I looked over a Trish and Buffy who were staring wide-eyed and said, "God.
Couldn't I do it somewhere else. This is terribly humiliating to have Trish and
Buffy see." I realized asking for this concession only implied my willingness to
do it.

He would not even allow that. He said, "No. I want them to watch so they will
know how I like it done. Now get on your knees and take down my pants."

I had gone down on my boyfriend once after his begging for months and remembered
it was not too bad.

I knelt and opened his pants to let them fall to the floor revealing
surprisingly skinny hairy legs so out of proportion to his fat gut. He was not
wearing shorts. I looked up to his dick.

It was not like my boyfriends at all. It was huge and almost a maroon color with
big ugly veins looking like worms. I took it in my hand noting my fingers barely
made it around it and brought it to my mouth. As I breathed in I smelled this
vile odor and knew he had not washed it for weeks. I gagged just as he said,
"No. Don't put it in your mouth yet. First lick every inch of my balls. Be
gentle! If you hurt me I will quirt your pussy until it bleeds."

It was so gross! I had to gag several times at the taste of old sweat and
possibly cum on his hairy balls but I tried to be as gentle as possible. He had
me lick the shaft of his dick which was just as bad then put the purplish head
into my mouth being careful not to touch it with my teeth since that had made my
boy-friend scream.

My boy-friend had wanted me to suck gently and lovingly but this creep didn't.
He just grabbed my hair and began jerking my head back and forth causing me to
gag as it hit the back of my throat. I dreaded the moment his vile spunk would
flood my mouth but he wanted to humiliate me more.

He pulled back and shot his sperm in my face and eyes. He must have not been
laid for a long time because there was a lot of it and when he had squeezed out
the last drop I knelt there sobbing at the terrible treatment.

He said, "Nice Blowjob. You could make a good living doing that. I have to go
check on my brother. Be back soon. Don't any of you put on clothes!"




                      SPRING BREAK Part 2

I continued to sob as I grabbed the rough wool blanket from the bed to wipe off
his fishy cum. When I calmed a little I sat on the bed and whined, "Jesus! I
could never have imagined anything happening to me that was so bad."

To my surprise Trish answered angrily, " What the fuck are you talking about.
Your skin is just red. Look at us. we will have bruises for weeks. You are such
a wuss! You could have easily grabbed his gun when you took off his belt or blew
him and shot the bastard. But no! You just did what he wanted like some S and M
whore."

That was so unfair! I answered angrily, "Are you fuckin crazy. I couldn't shoot
a cop! I would be boiled in oil. I couldn't kill anyone anyway. At least I am
smarter than you. Look at you! Uour ass is hamburger and you know eventually you
will be sucking cock too."

"Maybe, but not without a fight. I have some dignity! You are just a coward.
Isn't that right, Buffy?"

I felt better when Buffy said, "My tits hurt awful! I am not going through that
again if I can help it. Besides what makes you so damn brave? You were tied
down.I think Allene and I were the brave ones to take our terrible punishment
without being tied up. I would have rather been tied. It was really hard not to
bring my arms down to protect my poor boobs."

I agreed! "Yeah! You have no idea of the nerve it took Buffy and me to take that
kind of punishment. I'll bet you could not do it!"

Trish said, "I will never know because there is no way I am going to humiliate
myself by just standing there and be beaten. I will fight back!"

I answered, "God Trish. That may be a bad mistake. You know that by my
cooperating I was not hurt nearly as bad as you."

"Yeah but now you have no pride! I am not about to have these rednecks turn me
into a wuss!"

There was no sense arguing the point. Fear returned as I wondered what he may do
next.

Buffy said, "Shit girls. We shouldn't be fighting among ourselves. Let's try to
find a way out of this!"

Trish said. "Right! Now damnit next time he gets close to you, grab his gun and
shoot the bastard. No jury in the world would blame us."

She had a point but I hoped one of them would get the opportunity first because
I was afraid I would screw it up in my fear and may be killed."

Trish had a plan. "Look. When he comes back offer to give him another blowjob.
When you undo his pants you will be able to grab his gun out of the holster."

I said, "It is your plan. You offer. That was really gross!"

"Oh okay, You pussy! I thoght I would be the only one who had the guts to get us
out of this."

He came back and went into Trish's cell To slap her butt now badly bruised with
scabs on part of it to make her gasp to say, "Well you have had some time to
think. Are you going to be good now?"

I swear if this had been a movie Trish would have received the academy award.

She said pitifully, "Oh yes sir. I'll be good. Please don't hurt me anymore. May
I please suck your cock to let you know I will do anything to please you?"

He smiled broadly and said, "That is more like it. Let me get you loose."

He took off her bonds and I was amazed that Trish could actually smile at him as
she put her hands at the sides of his chest and began sliding down to kneel in
front of him. As soon as her hand got close to his gun she grabbed it and
pointed it right at his crotch yelling, "Okay you bastard! Turn around so I can
handcuff you or I will blow your nuts off!"

He laughed at her! "You stupid bitch! Did you really think I was dumb enough to
bring a loaded gun in with prisoners. Pull the trigger!"

She jerked on the trigger as fast as she could but there was only "Clicks" her
face showed panic just as he hit her in the face as hard as he could with his
fist. She dropped as if hit by a bomb, totally unconscious.

He dragged her nude body over to the wall and pulled up her wrists to handcuff
them to the bars of the window face out then pulled her right ankle over to lock
it to the bars of Buffy's cell then the left to the bed. He had to strain to
pull her legs so far and I knew when she woke up her hips would be killing her.

He looked over at us and said, "You bitch's pay attention. It will be a lesson
to you to never try to fight back!"

He left and came back carrying a long black stick. I recognized it! It was a
cattle prod that was used on cattle on our ranch. Once one of our ranch hands
had playfully touched my butt with one and even through my jeans and panties it
hurt so bad my Dad fired him on the spot. This one was even longer than the one
that had been used on me and I knew it had more batteries to make an even worse
shock. Then I noticed something else about it. Normally the rods coming out of
the end were blunt but this one had been sharpened into evil looking nails.

He set it on the bed then threw a bucket of water on her. I saw ice cubes
bouncing off her face! She came to sputtering from the water that had gone into
her mouth and nose.

He said, "Awake now?"

Trish just moaned, Oh God. Let me down. My hip joints are killing me!"

"You won't notice that in a minute. I see I am going to have to get tougher to
tame you."

Without warning he jammed the nails into her left breast on each side of her
nipples as deep as they would go. While she was still screaming from that pain
he began pushing and releasing a button which made her shreiks hurt my ears as
her breasts jumped from the electric shocks going deep inside her poor boob.

He pulled out the nails and blood began rolling down her boob to drip onto her
lower stomach while she sobbed her heart out.

He pressed the sharp point of one nail against her right nipple And as she
screamed "No! No! No!" he slowly drove it into the hilt then pressed the button
again in pulses that made the muscles of her boob contract to make it jump as if
being hit. Her keening wails were terrifying.

He pulled the nails out slowly and now both breasts were dripping blood but even
that was not enough for him. He carefully aimed the nails on both sides of her
clitoeis and began pushing the button in pulses that made her hips buck as if
she was fucking it until her screams faded as she went into another faint.

He was mad at her for fainting! He said angrily, "Shit! Now I have to get more
water."

He left and Buffy and I looked at her utterly terrified. Blood was slowly
dripping now from both breasts and her pussy and her body had gone limp to pull
her into even more of a split position that left her pussy gaping.

He returned with another bucket of water but it did not revive her as much so he
added it to it by jamming smelling salts under her nose until she was waving her
head madly to avoid it.

She pulled against her wristcuffs desperately trying to remove some of the pain
at her hips but could only hold for a few seconds before her arms gave out and
her legs returned to the bowed position.

She began moaning, "Please let me down. I'll be good! I promise! Please.
Please!"

He just grinned at her obviously enjoying her pain and said, "In a little while
but I seem to remember three 'No,s' coming out of your mouth."

She panicked and managed to pull herself up to the point her neck was at her
wrists as she wailed, "Oh God. Jesus help me!"

I knew she was desperate because she had said it was stupid to believe in God
and the bible was just a collection of fables.

He just grinned more and said, "I will give you a break. Just five lashes per
'No'."

I thought he was finally feeling some compassion until he reached to his belt to
get the whip that had been hidden by his leg. I gasped when I saw it. It looked
like a billy club but the end sprouted a length of barbed wire about two feet
long.

He swung it against the upper swell of her breasts to make her scream but he
wasn't satisfied to just let the points dig in to her poor boobs. He dragged the
whip as it hit to tear furrows in the skin.

He gave her four more on her breasts nearly ripping off a nipple on one then
five more to her soft underbelly and finally five more that crossed her vagina
over and over until blood was running out of it.

You could no longer see skin for the blood then he said, "This solution of salt
and alum will stop the bleeding."

He splashed a bucket over the front of her body. Her mouth opened and eyes
bugged at what must have been a terrible burn but she was too hoarse to make a
loud sound. Just a strangling noise.

The screams must have been heard because a skinny guy in overalls and a woman in
a dirty housedress walked in.

She took one look at poor Trish and said, "Goddammit Zeke! You have scarred her.
You know that lowers her price at auction. You dumb shit! Some of those cuts
need to be sewed up. Go get my sewing kit! Now!"

He looked sheepish and said, "Okay but let me introduce you! The bitch hanging
is Trish, The girl with the purple boobs is Buffy and the red one is Allene.
Girls meet Zeb and Ruth."

Trish of course did not respond. I don't think her mind could handle any more
than the pain. I just stared but Buffy evidentally after years of being polite
said sweetly, "Glad to meet you Ruth. You too Zeb."

I could hardly believe it! I stared at Buffy in amazement.

Ruth said grudgingly, "Well at least one of them is polite."

Zeke said, "Yeah, Buffy and Allene are okay, but Trish is gonna take a lot of
training.

Ruth snarled, "Any more training from you and she will be dead. Help Zeb get her
down and lay her out on the bed and go get my sewing kit."

Trish was limp as they put her on the bed and manacled her wrists and ankles to
the corners of the bed. I was amazed to see the salt and alum had worked. Now
only the worst gashes continued too ooze blood.

Zeke ran off and returned with a wicker sewing basket. Ruth reached in to bring
out a curved upholstery needle which she threaded. She went to Trish and began
sewing up her wounds. Trish must have been in so much pain anyway she hardly
seeemed to notice the needle going through her skin in tiny stitches.

It took a long time but Trish only moaned until she began sewing up her ripped
nipple. This hurt enough to make her give out little squeals as the needle went
through the skin and the thread was tightened."

Finally she was done and stepped back. I had to admire her skill. The skin that
had been so horribly ripped was now just tight lines but it frightened me that
she must have learned to do it through experience. Zeke smiled and said, "Great
Job Sis. I can always count on you to fix em up when I get carried away."

"Dammit. You aren't going to get carried away again. These are good lookin girls
and I want them in good shape for the auction. I am locking up that damn cattle
prod and the barbed wire whip. You are going to have to get along with just
canes, switches and leather whips!"

He pouted like a kid who had lost his favorite toys and said,"Aw come on Sis you
know some bitches are hard to train."

"Bullshit. Enough simple whippings will bring them around and I won't have to
sew them up. Now put on the iodine and then let her sleep."

Zeke grinned and I knew this must involve more pain. He took out a bottle of
iodine and soaked a cotton ball. It must have burned awful. Everytime he dabbed
at a wound with the ball Trish would squeal and squirm. He saved her nipple and
pussy for last and that brought screams and then another faint.


Ruth said, "Okay Zeke.Now go out in the woods and cut some fresh switches. As
punishment for getting carried away I am not going to let you watch me test the
other girls."

I was amazed at her power over this asshole. He whined, "Aw sis. You know I love
to watch that."

When she said. "Git!" he walked away grumbling.I was glad someone sensible could
control him not knowing she was as evil as him.

She walked over to Buffy and squeezed her poor purple boobs as she said, "Are
these sore?

Buffy whimpered, "Oh God yes!"

"Nice big tits. I can see why he couldn't resist hittin them. I bet they bounced
and jumped like crazy."

Tears began rolling down her cheeks as she remembered the ordeal and whimpered,
"Yes. I thought he was going to rip them off. They are still throbbing and
aching."

"Good! Are you going to be good now?"

"Yes! Just don't hurt me any more. Please!"

"We'll see."

She pulled her dress up and over her head revealing an ugly flabby body. Her
tits hung like partially deflated balloons and she had the hairiest crotch I had
ever seen. The hair reached almost up to her navel. I could hardly believe she
would strip naked like that in front of her own brother.

He didn't even look at her. He just stared at Buffy with a grin on his face
obviously knowing what was coming.

She said evilly, "Okay Buffy. Get on your knees. I want to see how good you are
at licking pussy."

Buffy looked at her in revulsion and said, "Do I have to? I am not a lesbian!"

"Me either Bitch but it still feels good. Now do it! I want a lot of tongue
action."

Buffy whimpered and looked at me. I knew it made it worse for her to know I was
watching. She got on her knees and Ruth walked to her and pulled her head into
that mass of hair.

Buffy whimpered, "Oh it smells awful!"

Ruth just laughed and said, "Yeah. Maybe I should have douched after the fucking
by Zeb and Zeke yesterday but you can clean me out. Do it!"

Buffy pressed into her gagging and spitting as loose hairs went into her mouth.
Ruth grabbed her hair with a look of pure bliss on her face as she moaned
"Faster. Make your tongue move faster!"

It seemed to take forever to get Ruth off but finally she pushed Bufffy away and
said, "Nice head! You are gonna do fine."

Buffy got on her hands and knnes and began gagging. It had been so long since we
had food there was nothing to throw up. Ruth just grinned at her convulsing body
then left to come to my cell.

"Okay Allene. You know the drill. Get on with it."

I knew it was fruitless to argue and knelt in front of her to spread the hair
with my hands and tentively lick her clitoris. It wasn't good enough! She
snarled, "Get that tongue in deep and don't forget the asshole."

Thankfully Buffy had cleaned her enough to take away some of the smell and taste
but when I ran my tongue over her anus The taste of her shit made me gag. I
swear she didn't even try to wipe her ass after a shit. She just giggled as she
watched my body convulse with my gagging. I went back to her clit licking
furiously in the effort to get her off fast and it worked! She made a long moan
and jerked away my head to make me fall back to sprawl on the floor.

She stood there a moment rubbing my spit and her juices around on her split then
said thoughtfully, "Do you girls like each other?"

I said, "Yes. We are best friends. Why?"

"Good you may not hurt each other too much. Zeb bring Buffy in here with a
couple of switches. One little one big."

He dragged Buffy in and handed Ruth the willow switches. She held them up in
front of me. "Okay Buffy is going to give you ten lashes. Your choice. The
little one on your tits and pussy or the long one on your ass."

I gasped. This was dabolical! I would have to choose my punishment! It was a
hell of a choice to make. The little one was only about two feet long and about
a half inch wide at the base narrowing to a point. The big one was over five
feet long and much thicker. Even the end was about a quarter inch wide.

I debated with myself. The short one was light enough to just sting without
bruising badly but it would be on my most sensitive places. The long one would
definitely bruise badly as the weight dug deep into my flesh.

She became impatient saying, "Come on. Lets go! You girls have worn me out. I
want to get to bed."

I murmured, "The little one I guess."

"Good choice. It shouldn't cut you. Buffy I want you to give her six to her tits
and four to her pussy. I want red lines. Any pink ones will get you ten in the
same place."

Buffy said, "Oh please. I don't want to hurt her. Can't you do it."

"No bitch. I want you to do it! Allene. Put your hands on your head and open
your legs."

She was not satisfied until my legs were open about three feet. I whimpered
knowing every inch of my pussy was now vulnerable and worse the slit had
opened."

She handed the switch to Buffy.  Buffy said, "Sorry Allene." and brought it back
over her shoulder.

I braced myself but was not prepared for the sting as it came down to hit the
upper swell of my boob and rip at my nipple. I screamed and it was all I could
do to keep my hands on my head since I wanted to caress the sting so bad.

She hit my other breast in the same place and I screamed again as it ripped into
my nipple and bent over to sob.

Ruth screamed, "Get back in position. Now!"

I straightened up but she was not satisfied until I pushed out my boobs for the
rest. Thankfully Buffy did the next two fast and missed the nipples but it still
hurt awful.

Ruth said, "Okay. Her pussy. I want two red exxes across the lips."

It was awful. It took longer because Buffy had to move to my right side to make
the switch whistle as it went down dagonally to rip at the lips. As the sting
radiated she went to the other side to bring it down for the first X. I hated
Buffy! I forgot the threat she was under and hated her for hitting so hard.

The stings radiated deep inside me as she changed position to make the other X.

I hurt so bad I dropped to my knees and bawled like a baby as I caressed my tits
and pussy to try to lessen the sting.

Ruth grinned and said, "Good job, Buffy. Now it is your turn. Which switch?"

Buffy looked surprised. I guessed she had not realized she would have her turn.

She didn't answer only sobbing until Ruth yelled, "Dammit. Which switch?"

"Oh God. My boobies are still sore. The long one I think."


Ruth said, "Okay. Bend over and hold on to the foot of the bed. Don't let go! If
you do I will have her start over."

"Allene. I want deep red stripes a couple of inches apart starting at the top of
her ass and ending at the top of her thighs. They had better be good and red!"

I had no problem with that. I was hating Buffy not realizing until much later
this was a diabolical plan to make us hate each other.

I swung the switch as hard as I could ignoring Buffy's screams as I watched her
ass flatten and jiggle under the switch as deep red lines appeared. Obviously
the juncture of her thighs and butt was especially sensitive since it brought
the loudest scream.

She collapsed on the bed with her ass in the air and began rubbing her ass with
both hands.

Zeb yelled, "God that made me hot! Leave her there."

He unsnapped the shoulder straps of his overalls to let them fall to his ankles
and jammed his dick into her pussy from behind to bring a loud squeal as it
ripped into her dry slit. After a few pumps there he pulled out and grabbed his
long gnarly dick to aim it at her little puckered anus. He just jammed it in
causing Buffy to make an agonized howl.

He pumped furiously then jerked out to shoot his sperm onto her poor red ass. He
dragged her back to her cell. They locked us in and left laughing.

Buffy laid on her bed sobbing for awhile then said accusingly, "You really hurt
me bad, Allene. It made it worse when I was buttfucked."

"You hurt me bad too Buffy."

"I know. I'm sorry but I couldn't take the chance of having my boobs hurt
again."

"I understand. Go to sleep. It has been an awful day and I am exhausted."

"Oh God. What do you think they will do to us tomorrow?"

"I don't want to think about it. Go to sleep."

Neither of us could sleep for awhile because we could not help but think of
other terrible things they may do. Finally the exhaustion from all our pain
allowed escape in sleep.




                            SPRING BREAK PART 3

I awoke not sure where I was but the itchy wool blanket rather than my satin
sheets made it plain I was not home. I kicked it off as I opened my eyes and the
bars I saw brought back reality fast.

Buffy was already up and sitting on the edge of her bed caressing her breasts
and sniffling. They looked awful! Solid black and blue.

When she saw I was awake she said, "Oh Allene. Look at my poor boobs. Do you
think they will ever look good again?"

"Sure Buffy. The bruises will fade in time. Do they still hurt?"

"Not really. They are swollen and kind of throb though."

"That should go away soon. How is Trish?

"I don't know. She is still asleep."

I got up to look at her. No-one had bothered to put a blanket on her and she was
shivering in the morning chill but was not yet awake. I knew the ordeal
yesterday must have completely exhausted her. Her body looked awful although she
was no longer bleeding.

A short time later Zeb banged on the bars with a nightstick and yelled.
"Breakfast. After that it is exercise time. Come and get it."

He pushed trays under the doors with cups of coffee and  bowls of mush. That
woke Trish but she didn't get up. she just weakly raised her head and moaned,
"Oh no. It isn't a nightmare."

Zeb yelled, "You got ten minutes to eat before I come back. Any flakes of mush
left gets you a lash each!"

The coffee sure as hell wasn't Starbucks and the mush was nearly tasteless with
just a little milk and no sugar but I wolfed it down and even licked the bowl to
make sure there was not the tiniest flake.

I looked over at Trish. She was still in bed moaning. I yelled, "Trish! Get up
and eat! If that bowl is full when they get back they will lash all the skin off
you!"

That scared her and she swung her legs off the bed but when she tried to stand
up she screamed and fell. "Oh God! He dislocated my hips. I can't walk!"

"Well then crawl over to the bowl. You have to eat it!"

She crawled over to it but then she looked at the grey mass and sobbed, "I can't
eat. I feel sick."

"Then push it over to Buffy. We will eat it for you."

She did and Buffy and I shared it although neither of us wanted more. Trish
rolled over on her belly and sipped the coffee while feebly moving her legs
trying to get rid of the cramp from her hips.

All three of them came in a few minutes later and Zeb said, "Exercise Time!"

Zeke came in to my cell and I froze sure I was in for more pain but he just put
a dog collar around my neck with a rope attached to it. Zeb did the same with
Buffy and Ruth put on Trish's while she was on hands and knees.

They started to lead us out of the cell but Trish whined, "I can't walk! He
dislocated my hips!"

Ruth showed no compassion, "Crawl then. Bitches walk on four legs anyway."

I felt so sorry for Trish. She made little squeals at each step as Ruth jerked
at her leash and I knew the rough cement floor had to hurt her knees.

They pulled us out to a dirt courtyard with three poles stuck in the ground and
tied our ropes to them.

Ruth said, "Get up on your feet Trish!"

Trish moaned, "I can't. It hurts too much."

Ruth said, "Help her up Zeke."

He grinned and said,"Sure!"

He went over to her where she was sitting in the dirt sobbing from the pain of
the long crawl and reached down to grab her tits in each hand to squeeze them
cruelly and lift her by them so high her toes were off the ground while she made
agonized screams.

He let her down to lean against the post while tears rolled down her cheeks to
splash on her poor bruised breasts.

Ruth finally showed some compassion. "Okay Trish since you are so sore you don't
have to do the exercises today. Just walk around the post until the rope is
tight then reverse until it is tight again."

Trish began limping around but every time she stopped for a moment Zeb would pop
her on the butt with the knot at the end of a long buggy whip to make her squeal
and move again.

Ruth wearing some ugly flowered shorts and a t-shirt moved in front of us and
led us in exercises. Well not really led us. She was too out of shape for that.
She would just do a few to get us started and then counted. Any time either of
us would stumble or get out of time she would hit us with another buggy whip to
leave a red splotch that stung like hell.

The sun was really hot and soon Buffy and I were dripping sweat as we did the
aerobics. Having always worn shorts whwn exercising I had not thought about how
obscene the exercises were when done naked. Zeb and Zeke loved watching us they
rubbed their crotches as they laughed and made comments about how much our boobs
jumped in jumping jacks and the way oor pussies opened up in the stretching
things. Buffy and I never stopped blushing throughout the long hour.

By the end of the hour Trish was able to walk with only a little limp but the
damn exercises had excited the men. They made Buffy and me suck their dicks but
we were lucky. Trish had to pull down Ruth's shorts and lick that hairy stinking
pussy. I knew Trish's pride had been completely broken when she did it with no
protest.

They made us stand in the hot sun until their cum had dried on our faces and
then led us back to our cells to wonder what indignity or pain they would come
up with next.


As soon as we were locked in our cells we rushed to the bucket of drinking water
in our cells to scrub off the dried smelly cum with the corners of the wool
blankets.

Zeke chuckled, "Hey aint it nice to have such clean little girls."

Zeb said, "Yep. Clean and pretty. That Saudi Oil should pay a mint for them."

As soon as they left I said, "Did you hear what they said! They plan to sell us
to the Arabs. Those people are terrible. They cut off hands for shoplifting and
do terrible toertures. We have to escape."

I knew Trish had lost all her will to fight when she whimpered, "Oh God. Allene.
Don't do anything to make them mad. When Zeke was holding me up by ny boobs he
said, 'Sweet tits. Maybe I will fry them and eat em.' He would too!!. She broke
into hysterical sobbing just at the thought.

Buffy even agreed saying, "I don't believe Saudi's could be worse. I think they
will just want us for sex. Don't do anything! Please, Allene?"

In spite of them I went through every plan I could think of to try to escape but
none seemed workable.

The next morning Zeb said as he pushed the mush in, "Your girls are in luck.
Zeke and Ruth went to town to go thru junyards to find stuff to make a third
sulky for racing. Ruth said I should let you rest up. they will be gone all
day."

I said, "Racing? You have horses?"

"No baby. You girls are going to be the horses. You will race and losers will be
whipped by the winner. Pray you don't get Zeke. He weighs about 260."

He laughed as he left. Trish began bawling and between sobs said, "Oh God. I
know Zeke will want me. I will die for sure!"

I said, "Now will you help me come up with a plan to escape?"

They tried but they couldn't come up with anything workable either. we were
still talking softly when Zeb returned saying. "I think I will give you a taste
of sulky racing. Trish's legs are still weak so Allene and Buffy can cut cards.
low card is the horse. the rest of you can watch."

I had hope. Maybe the three of us would get a chance to gang up on him. We cut
cards and Buffy lost. I felt sorry for her but was still happy I had won.

We did not get a chance to gang up. He took us out one by one to handcuff us to
telephone poles in front of the jail. Then he brought out Buffy with her hands
cuffed behind her back. He led her over to a strange contraption. It was like a
ricksha but much cruder with iron pipes running from an axle with go cart wheels
to bend to fit a girls waist and an old iron tractor seat on a springy piece of
steel that was welded to the axle. He led Buffy between the pipes and buckled a
wide leather strap from the pipes to her waist.

The next part was horrifying. He reached into a sack and brought out two huge
fish hooks with nylon line tied to them and drove the points clear through poor
Buffy's nipples ignoring her screams.

He reached down to the ground to get a long leather whip then got into the
tractor seat putting the handle of the whip into another pipe.

He said, "When I pull back like this stop." he jerked on both reins to jerk
Buffy's tits into her armpits while she let out a scream. "when I pull on this
one. Turn right. He jerked on the right rein to pull her tit back and stretch
the nipple horribly to bring another scream. He ignored it and said, "When I
pull on this. turn left." He jerked on her left nipple so hard I thought the
hook may tear out as Buffy screamed and turned as far as she could.

"Okay. We are ready. Get ready to run."  He put both reins in one hand and
brought out the whip. He swung it around her arms to make it "Spat!" into both
boobs and Buffy bent over in pain and began running as fast as she could. The
sulky bounced at each pothole to make him jerk on the reins and he never stopped
whipping her until the end of the street when he had to put the whip back into
the holder to jerk on her left nipple to make her turn to come back. As soon as
she was headed straight he brought out the whip to whip her some more until she
got to us where he jerked back on both reins to make Buffy scream as her poor
nipples were stretched to the max.

She stood there panting as sweat poured down over the nasty red stripes covering
her boobs and tummy. Thankfully the pipes had protected her pussy.

He grinned, and said, "You got the idea, I hope I get Buffy. she is fast!"

He tied the reins to a post then led Trish, then me into our cells before
returning for Buffy.

After she was in and lying on her bed sobbing he came into my cell and said,
"That got me rock hard. Take down my overalls and suck me off."

It was horrible. I would never get used to the shame. As usual he made it as
humiliating as possible by shooting his cum all over my face."

He began pulling up his overalls as he said, "Not a bad blowjob. I will be back
later to work up another hardon by whipping those nice tits."

I went crazy. I didn't care what happened to me. The rope was still on my collar
and when he turned I looped it around his neck while jumping up to wrap my legs
around his waist and jerked on the rope as hard as I could. He thrashed around
but there was no way I was going to let him shake me off and I kept pulling
until he was weakened and fell to the floor. I still pulled until he was
completely still. I turned his head to the side and his eyes were open and
bulging and his tongue was sticking out obviously dead.

I would never have thought I could kill anyone but I felt no remorse at all in
fact I felt a feeling of power and triumph.

I grabbed his ring of keys and let Trish and Buffy out. We began running down
the road towards the main road and just kept running until we heard a car behind
us honking. The driver was grinning broadly and when he pulled up he yelled,
"You girls out for a jog?"

We didn't bother to answer. We just jerked open the doors and jumped into his
car. Me in front and Trish and Buffy in back. He yelled, "Hey! Get out of the
car! My wife would kill me if she saw me with three naked girls."

Trish screamed, "Shut up and take us to the highway patrol. We have been
kidnapped. Hurry or I will kill your ass!"

He jammed the car into gear and took off. Once we were moving he said,
"Kidnapped? Who kidnapped you?"

We told him the sheriff in that town off the road and the bastard laughed, "Hell
there isn't any sheriff there. It is a ghost town. What is the real story. Did
some boys tell you to hump or dump?"

"No you asshole. We were kidnapped by some creeps named Zeke, Zeb and Ruth."

That shook him for a minute then he said, "I find that hard to believe. Zeke and
Zeb are good ole boys and I buy preserves from Ruth."

I hoped the state patrol didn't feel the same way. It is a wonder we got there.
He spent so much time staring at me and looking in the rear-view mirror at
Buffy's big tits we almost went off the road several times.

When we got to the state patrol office we piled out and ran in not giving a damn
about being naked. The sargent at the desk looked shocked but as we babled our
story he led us to a back room and gave us blankets to cover ourselves.

We felt secure with all the guys with guns knowing there was no way Zeke and
Ruth would try to get us back.

I didn't even have to go to trial for killing Zeb. I was held in jail for about
a week while statements were taken and they searched Zeke's place where they
found all kinds of torture devices and a couple of graves. The prosecuting
attorney said it was justifiable homicide and I was released.

About a year later Zeke and Ruth were sentenced to life in prison which was much
too good for them.

We don't go anywhere anymore without a gun.

                           The end




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





