BDSM Library - The Kidnapped




The Kidnapped
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The mom and her daughter were kidnapped, raped and tortured.
The Kidnapped BY ALLENE From alb21335@aol.com  (ALB21335)
=========================================================

The Kidnapped 1
===============

I had heard of carjacking but it never occured to me that it could happen in our
small town. I had just picked up Marcia from her aerobics class and was on my
way home. She is thirteen now and her body is changing so she wanted to lose her
baby fat.

We stopped for a traffic light and suddenly the rear door was jerked open and a
black guy jumped into the back seat holding a gun. He pressed it into my neck
and said, "Just be cool lady. I just need a ride. As soon as we get where we are
going you can go on your merry way."

I was frightened to death and it was all I could do to drive. Poor Marcia began
to cry and I tried to console her by saying, "We'll be alright Honey. You heard
the man he just needs a ride."

The man said "What is your names?"

I said, "I am Allene and this is my daughter Marcia."

"No shit. You look more like sisters. My name is Joe."

"I was only fifteen when she was born. I was raped when I was a child and our
church did not allow abortions."

"So Marcia is what? Sixteen?"

"No thirteen."

"No shit. I have seen twenty year olds with tits smaller than hers."

Marcia Blushed and sobbed so I said, "Please don't get personal. You are
embarrassing her. It is in the genes I developed early too."

"Yeah you are really developed what are your boobs? Like thirtysix D,s"

"Please don't get personal. I am trying to be cooperative."

He just laughed and said,"Ok lady. get on the next entrance to the freeway."

We drove on and I said, "Look. You don't need us. Why don't you just drop us off
and take the car."

"No fuckin way. With my luck the first car that came up on you would be a state
cop. Just keep driving."

We drove way up in the mountains then he had me turn off on a dirt road leading
into the forest. We drove about another half hour turning off for one dirt road
and then others until I became so confused I didn't know if I could find my way
back. Finally he spotted an old farmhouse and barn that looked as if it had been
deserted for years.

He had us get out and walk to and into the front door. There were two other men
sitting on an old couch drinking beer. They were white which somehow made me
feel better.

Joe pointed to us and said, "This is Allene and that is Marcia. Allene has been
real cooperative."

"Good we can use some cooperative bitches. My mame is Bill and this is Ben but
you can just call us Sir. Let me tell you what the deal is. We robbed a bank a
few days ago and we need to hide out until the heat is off. We got enough food
for a month and we have a spring for water and oil lamps for light."

" I heard about that. They think you went south. Oh God. You aren't going to
keep us here for a month. Are you?"

"That is the plan. As you can imagine it gets pretty boring sitting around here.
Since they are just looking for two white guys Joe volunteered to hitch into
town and get us some women to cook and entertain us."

"Joe said, "Yeah I stood on that damn street corner for hours looking for a few
good lookin girls and you were it."

"I can cook but what do you mean about entertainment?"

"Are you stupid or what. We are going to fuck your brains out."

"No you can't Marcia is only thirteen! You are already in trouble you don't want
to add rape and kidnapping."

"Really? Well she is sure big enough. Look bitch we killed a guard in that
robbery. What more can they do to us if we are caught."

"No. don't touch her. I'll do anything you want."

"Good. That is all we want. A little cooperation. So for starters why don't you
get off all those clothes so we can see what you look like."

"No. Not in front of my daughter. Can't she be in another room?"

"No fuckin way. We want to keep you both in sight. The windows are knocked out
and she could get away."

Now start stripping or we will strip Marcia. Marcia panicked and pleaded,
"Please Mama."

I could see no way out and unfortunately it was going to be a long degrading
strip because I was wearing a suit, blouse, slip and underwear."

I started by reaching under my skirt to unhook my stocking to put off nudity as
long as possible but Ben said, Hold it. we'll tell you what to take off. Take
off the suit jacket."

I took it off and saw an old kitchen chair to put it on then stood there.

Waitng for the next command.

Bill said, With that body you should never wear a jacket. Now the skirt."

I blushed because the compliment only meant they would want me naked or near
naked all the time. I took off the skirt and then the blouse leaving me only in
my slip and underwear.

Ben said,"Shit this is taking forever. the bitch is wearing a whole store."

Bill laughed and said, "That's okay. I like a slow strip. Take off the slip
Baby. Real slow."

I blushed as I slowly lifted the slip suddenly remembering I didn't take off my
clothes for my husband in this bright light. I was raised to be modest and
changed clothes in the privacy of my bathroom. Even in our bedroom for the
occasional sex I didn't take off my nightie until the lights were out.

As the slip went over my head Joe said, "Christ. Check out that body. How do you
keep in such great shape?"

I blushed again and said, "I exercise everyday to exercise programs on TV."

"Well they are workin. Make a few slow turns so we can check you out."

"No. I am taking off my clothes that is enough."

"Okay. Ben pull off Marcias Sweater. Marcia made and agonized "Mom. Don't let
them."

I said, "No. Don't. I'll do it."

"Too late Babe I told you what would happen if you didn't cooperate."

Marcia struggled but she was no match for the two men. They jerked it over her
head. and she quickly folded her arms over her chest but they would not allow
even that much dignity and told her to put her hands in her lap.

To my surprise and chagrin she took her anger out on me.

"Mom! Damnit. Do what they tell you! What kind of Mother are you?

I got a little mad myself thinking what an ungrateful little bitch she was but
then remembered she had a point. It was a Mother's duty to protect her child.

Bill said, "Ok Allene lets see you walk. Do it sexy. Make your hips sway."

God I felt like some kind of slutty stripper but I tried. After a couple of
circles Ben said, "Let's see some poses. Face away from us and touch your toes. 
I hesitated at that humiliation but did it to hear Joe say, "That is one fine
ass.Nice and round and firm. I think that is what they call a spankable ass."

That shook me. I hoped they would not dwell on that. I hadn't been spanked since
I was about five but I remembered it hurt and was really humiliating.

Ben changed the subject by saying, "Okay babe. The bra."

I hesitated again but slowly took it off. Bill said, "Great tits. Look hardly
any sag at all. You don't need a bra Babe."

I blushed thinking the reason they didn't sag was because I always wore a bra.

Then they had me do poses again. First with my arms overhead to lift and tighten
my boobs and then bent over. They had me waggle my shoulders to make them sway
as they hung straight down and I blushed some more reminded of slutty strippers.

Then Bill said, "Okay take off the panties."

I started to take off the garter belt so I could but he stopped me. ""No leave
the garter belt on. I like broads in black stockings and garter belts.

I explained I couldn't take off the panties without removing the belt but he
said, "Yes you can. Come here."

When I went to him he pulled a knife out of his pocket and cut off my panties.

That really bothered me since I knew that now I would never be wearing them.

They stared at my most private part and Joe said, Check it out! she has trimmed
her pussy hair. Who would guess such an uptight bitch would do that to look
slutty."

That made me angry and I said, I didn't do it to look slutty. I did it so no
hair would show around my bathing suit. That would be gross."

Bill said, "Whatever. Anyway I like the look. Maybe we will take off the rest of
the hair."

I whined, "Oh no." thinking even that little hair kept me from being totally
naked.

Ben grinned and said,"That bothers you huh? We are definitely going to have to
do it some day."

At least it was in the future not now and maybe we would be rescued before then.

They had me do some more posing I suddenly remembered an adult film one of my
husband's gross friend had shown at his party. The girl was dressed just like
me. Naturally I had gone to another room with one of the other women. The poses
were absolutely obscene holding my legs apart and bending over and having to
lift and squeeze my boobs with my hands. Even that wasn't enough.They wanted me
to put my fingers into my slit and pull it open so they could see the pink
inside. Naturally  I balked and Ben said, "Marcia's skirt." Marcia fought them
and wailed, "Mom. How could you do this to me."

Now she was sitting between them in only panties and bra looking completely
mortified. I said I was sorry but it was too late.

Then Bill asked, "Odd man?"

Joe said, "Sounds fine to me."

They pulled coins out of their pocket and flipped them to land on their wrists.

They looked at the coins and Joe yelled. "Yes! I finally won something."

He came over to me and said. "Get on your knees baby I have a nice black
popsicle for you to suck."

I stepped back in horror Saying, Never! I won't even do that for my husband."

"Obviously he hasn't trained you right. We can't have this stubborness. Lets see
what kind of Mom you are. Marcias bra or ten spanks on that spankable ass."

I whined, "Oh God. The spanks I guess."

"Good bring the chair over here and lean over the back with your butt to your
appreciative audience."

At least Marcia had the grace to say, "Thank you Mom."

I leaned over it with my thighs clenched together to keep as much modesty as
possible but he would not allow that and bent down to jerk my ankles apart. I
sobbed knowing I was totally exposed.

I asumed he would spank me with his hand. That was always the way I was spanked
before and looked at him in horror while he slid the belt out of his pants. He
laid it on my back then moved to my face to pick up my chin to look at him and
said, "Okay here are the rules. Take a good grip on the chair because if you let
go and stand up. I start over. If you do it twice I will use the belt on those
nice tits."

I just nodded horrified at the thought of that belt hitting my sensitive
boobies."

He stepped back and said,"Ready?"

I nodded then heard a whirring sound just before a terrible sting and burn
across both buttcheeks. My knuckeles went white as I gripped the chair and
screamed."

He rubbed across my butt and said, "Nice even stripe. Let's see if I can get
another just below it."

The second was just as bad and they didn't get better. I almost made it but on
the last one he pulled back and let the tip rip into my pussy. I screamed and
jumped up to hold my poor pussy.

He said,"Aw too bad. You almost made it." His grin made his sympathy totally
phoney. I moaned as I rubbed my pussy, "Please. No more. I'll be good."

"Sorry Baby. You heard the rules. get back over the chair." I gripped it in a
death grip knowing I had to stay there no matter what.

I think the first round was better. At least it was over fast. This time he took
his time to aim carefully to make the tip enter my butt crack and the last five
were on the juncture of my hips to my thighs which was not only more sensitive
but let the belt sting the lips of my pussy.

It was a miracle I was able to hang on and he seemed a little disappointed after
the last extra hard one did not make me let go.

He said, "You ready to suck my dick or do you want more."

I couldn't talk between sobbing and gasping for air. so I just nodded and slid
off the chair to get on my knees.

He pulled his dick out of his pants and I was amazed. I had never seen a black
dick before and I was suddenly reminded of the black dick of the burro Grandpa
had given me to pull a cart. They both had big heads.

He had me open my mouth then pushed it past my lips. I just let him slide it in
and out of my mouth until he said "Suck it Bitch and use your tongue."

I was afraid of his anger and did my best. Just as he came he jerked it out of
my mouth and shot his cum all over my face and eyes. I was so huniliated I cried
like a baby but he had no sympathey. He said, "I'll clean you up Baby." He
scraped the cum off my face with his finger and stuck his finger in my mouth to
suck it clean. It was by far the most humiliating moment of my life. I think I
went a bit crazy remembering the time I spilled wine on my dress and cried in
embarrassment. I had no idea then what humiliation was.

Bill said, "I like to be comfortable. I can last longer. Come over to the
couch."

I crawled over as he slid his pants and shorts down to his ankles to reveal
another huge dick. I was not sure whether they were abnormally large or my
husband was abnormally small.

That seemed worse because Marcia was right there so close her naked thighs were
touching his. I sucked and licked him furiously to get it over with as soon as
possible but I think Marcia got the wrong impression. I looked up at her and she
was staring at me in utter disgust as if I was enjoying myself.

He was different. My only warning was a grunt then he grabbed the back of my
head and jammed in his dick so deep it went into my throat making me gag and I
twisted my head trying to get some air. Finally he let go and I leaned back
gasping in air.

Ben also wanted to be comfortable and when I saw his dick I knew my husbands had
to be small since this seemed to be the norm at about eight inches. I noticed
Marcia was looking back and forth at Ben's hard dick and Bill's soft one in
total fascination.

Ben liked to be teased he wanted me to lick his balls to move them around in the
sack and lick his dick all over before putting it in my mouth. I again tried to
suck hard and fast to get it over with but he would not allow that pulling my
head back by my hair to lick his balls some more. That seemed to make it last
forever and I couldn't bear to look at Marcia who I knew was staring at me.

Finally he came and had me drink every drop.

By then it was getting dark and Joe lit a couple of oil lamps.

We might as well hit the sack. We don't have a lot of oil. I don't want to have
to guard the girls. I am going out to the barn I saw some rope out there we can
use to tie them."

He came back with several pieces of rope.From about four feet to ten or more.

Then to our dismay Ben said. "I am not going to bed without seeing Marcia
naked."

I protested, "No that is not fair. I did what you wanted. You promised to leave
her alone."

"Life is not fair Baby. We lied. What can I tell you."

He had Marcia stand up and slowly removed her bra then again slowly pulled down
her panties revealing her inch by inch. It suddenly struck me that I had not
seen her naked since she had learned to dress herself. Her body was fantastic
and I wondered why she thought she needed aerobics.

When he had the panties at her feet and had her step out of them he looked up at
her and said awsomely, "My God Honey you are fucking beautiful."

To my surprise she smiled at him. He turned her around to face me and the others
and said, "Think Mom has short hair on her pussy. Check this out."

I looked and was amazed to see her pussy was totally bald. I said,"Why did you
do that?"

She said "Hair shows up in my white leotard."

"But the panties should hide it."

"I know. I don't wear panties under it."

I was disgusted I had gone though all that and now found my daughter was an
exhibitionist. She didn't mind at all when they turned her around and opened her
legs and when they gathered around her to fondle he butt, boobs and pussy she
just moaned with a depraved look on her face.

Bill said I think I would like some girl-girl action. Mom why don't you lick her
pussy for us. I was furious at her and said, "No. Make her lick mine."

Ben grinned and said, "I think Mama is coming around. Okay Marcia. Do it."

Marcia said, "No fucking way. That is gross."

Ben said, "Oh I think you will be begging us to let you do it. Bring her out to
the center of the room and hold her."  He picked up one of the thicker ropes and
stuck it between her legs and told Bill to grab it. Then he told him to bring it
up into the crack of her ass while he brought his end into her pussy.  Joe took
one hand off her long enough to pull her lips open to let the rope in.  It was
one of thse soft ropes they use on animals to keep them from being chafed. They
began sawing it back and forth rubbing her anus and the whole length of her
pussy including the clit. I actually think she liked it at first but then the
rope was tightened even more to force her up on tiptoes.

Ben said, "We will saw her in two if we have to."

she began to whimper then yelled."Stop it. I'll do it."

Ben said, "No. Beg us to let you do it."

"Please let me do it."

"Do what?"

"Lick her pussy. Please let me lick her pussy."

At that they dropped the rope and she sank to flat footed with a look of pure
relief.

Bill said, "She is a brave Girl. I think she should get some pleasure. Lets have
them 69."

I didn't know what they were talking about but Marcia did and murmured, "That
would be better."

I found out. They had me lie on my back on the dirty rug  and picked her up to
place her on top of me with her pussy right over my mouth and her head at my
pussy.

Bill said, "We will give you an incentive to do a good job. First one to cum
gets a tittie whipping from the other."

I thought it was too bad it was not the other way around. I had faked so many
orgasms with my husband I was sure I could fool them.

Ben said, "Now." and I felt her face hit my pussy and her tongue began to
flutter on my clit. I was sure she had done this before. It was easy to tell
what felt the best do I did the same thing to her but she was making me crazy. 
Her tongue never stopped as her lips sucked my inner lips. I found I was gasping
from the excitement more than I was licking. I tried to hide my orgasm but they
became stronger and I guess it became obvious to them. Joe said, "Momma is
definitely cumming."

They lifted Marcia off me but she moaned, "No not yet. I am almost there."

Bill said, "I'll help you baby. He laid her on her back and drove his massive
dick into her. She clutched at him desperately and began bucking as fast as she
could driving his dick in as far as it could possibly go  only to come out a
little to be driven in again. She was began having orgasms and must have had
several before he came and fell on top of her. She kissed his ear and said, "Oh
thank you."

I was furious at her. I said I went to all that to protect you and you turn out
to be a slut."

"I swear Mama. I was virgin. Oh except with some play with my girlfriends and a
dildo. I never fucked before. I had no idea it was so wonderful. Besides you
came from your own little daughter licking you. How slutty is that?"

Now I had to pay the penalty. They had me kneel with my hands on my head and
told me that if I took my hands down they would all take a turn.  They told her
that if my boobs didn't jump she would be next.

Joe said. They have given us a lot of fun. Let's only give her six lashes three
to a tit."

Bill said "Yeah, I guess she deserves a break."

Marcia hit my left breast hard enough to make it slap against the other.A sting
and ache enveloped it. She stopped to say grinning. "Like that?'

To my amazement my breast had let the belt sink in to just make a sting not
nearly as bad as what he had done to my butt.

Bill said, "Yeah like that. Now hit the other one to make it slap then hit the
cleavage to make them jump out finally move to the side to put the last two
across both nipples.

It wasn't too bad but then it was time for my nipples and I found that was the
really bad part about a breast whipping.

Marcia looked amazed. "Wow. They sunk into her tits then popped back out hard."

She gave me the last and I grunted as I forced my hands to stay on my head.

They took us to a bedroom with a dirty mattress on the floor. They laid us down
on it then tied our arms around each other and our ankles together so our boobs
were mashed together.  then they threw a blanket over us and said, "Sleep tight
tomorrow will be a busy day."

When they left Marcia said, "Are your boobies real sore?"

"Of course they are. You hit real hard."

"I'm sorry but you know if I hadn't they would have done it to both of us and
God knows how hard they would have hit."

"I suppose you are right." I knew she was right but I still thought that if they
had me hit her I wouldn't show her any mercy either.

She said, "Here. I'll rub your boobs so they will feel better."

I didn't know how she could do that with her hands tied behind my back but I
found out.

She began sliding her boobs across mine. I could feel her little pink nipples
harden snd slide over mine. It did feel good. Too good it was turning me on and
when she brought her thigh up to rub on my pussy I really got excited. Suddenly
I knew how perverse this was and moaned, "No. Honey. This isn't right."

She just giggled and said, "Who would have guessed you would be so sexy. You got
my thigh wet. Don't feel bad. I do this with my girlfriend and I know it feels
great."

"I said, "Oh my God. Are you a lesbian?"

"Oh no. It is just that we can't find any boys that we want to have sex with.

They are too young and silly."

"But you aren't supposed to be thinking about sex. You are too young."

"Shit Mom! Get real. Three of the girls in my class got knocked up and had to
get abortions."

"God I never even thought about sex at your age."

"Yeah. I heard girls were pretty bacward back then."

"I don't care it isn't right. Now we better get to sleep. We need to be rested
in case we get a chance to escape."

"Yeah or to have our brains fucked out."

I didn't answer. In a short time my exhaustion let me drift ino sleep.




Kidnapped 2
=========

I awoke realizing Marcia was rubbing herself on me. I could feel her hard little
nipples against mine then realized she had been doing it for some time because
my thigh was wet from the juices of her pussy.

I was shocked and said, "Jesus, Marcia quit that. What has gotten into you."

She blushed at being caught then said, "Sorry Mom but I got to thinking about
you licking me and getting fucked and I got so horny I couldn't help it."

"My God girl are you crazy. These men are vicious animals. You should be
frightened not horny."

"I suppose but they haven't hurt me yet and I don't intend to resist like you
and get hurt."

"But what if they ask you to suck them?"

"It can't be all that bad. You didn't seem to mind doing it."

"That isn't true. I only did it to keep us from being hurt."

"Maybe, but you have to admit it is a lot better than the belt."

"Yes, I don't want that again."

Marcia started rubbing on me again and before I could stop her Ben walked in on
us. He whistled and said, "Check this out. Little Marcia seems to be rubbing
herself off."

He pulled us apart and said, "Yep and it looks like she made it. Mama's thigh is
wet, and Marcia's pussy is dripping."

Bill was behind him and said, "Well Marcia doesn't seem to mind being kidnapped
much. Check out Mama."

With no warning he suddenly jammed his finger into my pussy then said, "Nope.
Mama is dry as a bone."

"Well, bring them out and we'll get some action."

They tied my arms behind me but let Marcia be untied. They led us out to the
front room and told me to stand in front of them. They had Marcia sit between
Bill and Ben in the decrepit old couch and began fondling her breasts and pussy.

The little slut just put her arms behind their necks and smiled while they took
indecent liberties with her. I knew better than protest but I could not help
frowning at her in disgust.

Joe looked at me and said, "It looks like Mama does not appreciate her willing
daughter."

Ben said, "Yeah. I think she needs a change in attitude."

That frightened me and in spite of my feelings I said, "No. It's okay. Do
whatever you want with her."

Bill said, "Really? Then why don't you tell her to suck my dick."

In spite of everything I just couldn't do that. I sobbed, "No please? I can't do
that. She is my only daughter and I love her."

Ben said, "Yep she needs a change in attitude and I have an idea that may do
it."

He went to the pile of ropes and picked one then got on a chair to tie one end
to a rafter exposed by the fallen plaster ceiling.

He came to me and said, "How long can you stand on tiptoes, sweetheart?"

"I don't know. Why?"

"I think you will be able to do it longer than you ever imagined."

He passed it between my legs then put the chair under another rafter in front of
me. He flipped the rope over the rafter then said, "Tiptoes."

I got up on my toes not too frightened since Marcia had not seemed to mind the
rope on her pussy much. The rope was tightened. It pressed against my slit and I
suddenly realized that this was not the soft rope they had used on Marcia. It
was made of hemp and little stickers stuck me all through the crack of my butt
and on my pussy lips. I realized the tiny pricks would be much worse if I sank
down to flat feet so I strained to keep myself as high as I could. Ben made it
worse by coming to me to pull my outer lips open to let the rope touch the
tender inner lips and terribly close to my clit.

They sat on the couch watching intently as I whimpered and my legs trembled from
the strain.

Joe said, "This is turning me on. I guess I will fuck Marcia."

"Bill said, "No way. We are going to wait until Mama says we can do it."

In a short time my legs began to cramp and I would have to let down only to
raise up again as little needles stuck me all through my crotch. Finally I
couldn't get back on my toes and I stood there flatfooted sobbing as needles
punctured my most sensitive places.

I shifted a little to get a needle away from my clit and Joe said, "I think she
is getting to like it. She is moving on it like Marcia."

Then Marcia said, "Yeah the rope doesn't hurt much if you are still. You have to
rub on it to get sore."

I could not believe her betrayal. I was sure they would get up to jerk on the
rope but Ben came up with something even worse.

Ben said, "Yeah Marcia is right. Bill grab a couple of that cedar kindling. The
stickers on it should get her moving."

They stood on each side of me and Bill said, "You then me."

Bill hit my ass with the kindling stick to make a loud "Whap!" and instantly I
experienced a multitude of pains. Along with the terrible sting wood splinters
drove into my ass and the pain made me slide forward to rip the little stickers
through my pussy. At the end of my slide Ben brought his stick diagonally down
to cross the top of my lips driving splinters into them and making me slide back
making the rope tear at my slit.

At first the pain was so bad I could only scream but I finally came to my senses
and screamed, "Stop. I will make her do anything you want!"

Thankfully they stopped and even though my pussy was raw it felt better not to
move.

Bill said, "Okay. What should she do first?"

"Suck your dicks."

He jerked on the rope and said, "Something more?"

I gasped and thought desperately for something that may satisfy him and then
realized there were two things I had refused my husband that I thought were
totally repugnant.

I said "While she sucks one of you the other could fuck her asshole."

Marcia blanched and moaned, "Mom. There is no way I could take their big dicks
in my ass."

Bill laughed and said, "I think you have something but we need to keep Joe
busy."

I said, "Maybe he could whip her boobs with a willow switch until you all cum."

Bill said, "I like that. Joe go cut a real limber switch so when you hit her
back it can curl around to hit both tits."

Marcia wailed, "Mom! How could you!"

While Joe rushed out Bill said, "Marcia you don't mind doing this to make us
happy. Do you?"

She knew refusal may cause something even worse so whined, "I guess not. If I
have to."

"Good girl. I knew you were smarter than your Mom."

"Speaking of Mom. I like your idea so much I am going to loosen your rope."

He climbed on the chair and untied the rope to let it fall. The relief was
fantastic.

I pushed my luck and said, "Sir. My pussy is real raw. I have some cream in my
purse. Could you untie my hands so I can rub some on me."

He said, "Sure. You might as well get a little pleasure from your great idea."

He untied my wrists and I ran to get the cream noticing they had removed my Mace
from the purse.

They watched intently as I slathered the cream into my pussy and the crack of my
butt. I was long past worrying about modesty.

Bill said, "Marcia, since you have been good I will give you a break. I have the
skinniest dick and you can get it good and wet with your mouth so it will slip
into your ass easy."

She was smart and quickly knelt to lick and suck on his dick until her saliva
was dripping off his balls which no doubt lessened her ordeal.

Joe returned and they put her on her hands and knees to get in front and behind
her to slide their dicks into her ass and mouth.  When Bill's dick was buried in
her ass he nodded to Joe.

Joe brought the switch down hard to leave a red line on her back and the switch
curled around to dig into her boobs. The pain must have been terrible because
she jumped and Bill yelled, "Right on Joe. Make her buck."

It seemed to go on forever. Soon there was no white left on her back and breasts
and welts began crossing to leave tiny drops of blood at the intersections. It
got no better for her. She bucked at each lash.

I know how terrible this sounds. Even now I am shamed but seeing their dicks
sliding in to her mouth and butt while the switch made her breasts jump and
quiver combined with my hands sliding in my crotch made me orgasm over and over.

Finally they came and Joe came to me to suck his dick so he could cum too. After
all I had been through I was grateful that was all he wanted and he was so
excited it was only a few seconds before he was flooding my mouth.

Bill said, "How are you doing Marcia?"

"My boobs and asshole really hurt."

"I bet they do. Mama. put some of that cream on her. Start with her asshole."

Marcia got up n her knees to spread her legs and put her head down on her arms
to give me access.

I began putting the cream on her now red anus but bill said, "Get it inside.
That is where it hurts."

I pushed a little in with my finger but he said, "No, use three fingers. She has
room for them now."

To my surprise my fingers slipped in easily and as I was told I began twisting
them making my knuckles move the lips of her pussy. She sighed, "Oh God that
feels good. Don't ever stop."

I thought that if any one would have suggested I ram three fingers into my
child's butt I would have thrown up but now I was just glad she liked it.

They grabbed the cream and began rubbing it on her boobs and back. She simply
moaned. "Good. Oh so good."

They decided they were hungry so they had me make coffee, eggs and pancakes
while they sat around the rickety table on a couple of old chairs and boxes.

Bill said, "Marcia I am proud of you. I was sure you would try to get your tits
on the floor to protect them but you didn't."

"I thought about it. It was really hurting terribly but I was afraid you might
come up with something even worse. You know something weird happened. The pain
was just awful at first but for some reason toward the end it just seemed to
make my orgasms stronger."

"Oh yeah. A buddy in prison who was a POW told me that you can only hurt so bad
then it doesn't hurt anymore. Marathon runners get the same thing. They call it
a "runners high."

"I don't know about that I am just glad to know I can only be hurt so much and
no more."

I had never heard of that. Obviously they had not brought me to that point yet
and I didn't think I wanted to reach it. I just kept quiet and ate ravenously
amazed I could be so hungry.

Everyone sat back sipping coffee and then Bill looked at me and said, "Can you
imagine how that switch felt on Marcia's boobs?"

"No but it must have been pretty terrible."

"Well, I am going to let you know how it feels. Ask me nicely to give you five
lashes on your tits."

"Oh please. Can't I do something else. I'll suck your cock, lick your balls,
anything."

"You'll do that anyway. If you argue it will be ten."

"Just five? You promise?"

"Just five unless you piss me off by stalling."

It seemed awful to have to ask for pain. I swear it would have been better if he
had just tied me and done it but I sure didn't want to piss him off.

"Please, Sir. Will you give me five lashes on my breasts with the switch?"

"Sure baby. Go get the switch."

I got it and on the way back thought that I would never have believed a few days
ago I would be asking for lashes and bringing the instrument to him that would
cause me great pain.

I handed it to him and as instructed put my wrists on the top of my head to lift
my boobs for him. Then he made it even worse by telling me to ask for them by
saying "One" then "Two" etc. I was to count to twenty between each request.

At "One" he brought the switch up to the underside of my breasts to sink in
deeply and actually lift them and make them quiver. The pain was indescribable.

I almost forgot the count to twenty but remembered when he poked a nipple with
the switch. The count to twenty was diabolical. Each count brought me closer to
yet another terrible pain.

At "Two" he hit the fullest part just below my nipples.The pain went in deep as
Joe said, "God the switch went in out of sight."

By then I was sobbing the slow count to twenty. At "Three" he hit just above the
nipples to sink it in again and leave them throbbing in pain.

Tears were rolling down my cheeks as I started the count and at "Four" the
switch was brought down to push my tits down and quivering.

Then he said, "Good girl. This is the last and worst. Take a deep breath and
push them out for me."

I took the breath and felt the skin tighten making me sure the punishment was
causing them to swell. At "Five" he swung as hard as he could right on my
nipples. I thought the pain could not get worse but I was wrong. The pain to my
nipples was so bad it took my breath away and I could only gasp.

He had me kneel and then started putting cream on my welted boobs while he said,
"Good girl. I am so proud of you."

It sounds stupid now but at the time I was grateful for the compliment and said,
"Thank you Sir."

"Good. Feel better now?"

"Yes the cream and rubbing help."

"Good. Now go to Ben for his five."

"No that is not fair you said only five."

"I meant I would only give you five. We can't cheat Ben, Joe, and Marcia."

I was terrorized. I knew Marcia would be especially mean for good reason and she
would be last when I was at my sorest point.

I cried, "I can't do it. I know I will faint."

Marcia came to my defense. "She is probably right Bill. All those delays make it
worse. Why don't you give her a break and hang her upside down so she won't
faint and give the last fifteen fast so she can get it over with."

The only thing that registered was getting it over with fast. I actually
pleaded, "Please tie me."

"Maybe. Would you take six instead of five?"

What Marcia had proposed would make me a victim again rather than a willing
participant so it seemed worth it. I mumbled, "Yes."

"How about seven?"

"Yes damnit if that will make you happy."

My hands were tied behind my back then I laid on the floor while the soft rope
was wrapped around my ankle. The rope was thrown over two rafters about two feet
apart then Bill lifted me by my hips while Joe tied the rope to my other ankle.
That left me with my boobs waist high to them.

Marcia caused a delay when she said, "Isn't this a great idea. look how the
hanging has made her body look great. Her tummy is in so far her ribs and hip
bones show and you can get to every inch of her tits. Feel how tight she is."

They all had to come over to feel my tight tummy and my boobs which I am sure
were swollen from the first five.

Then they started whipping me only with only a five or ten second delay between
lashes. Marcia had really done me a favor. By the fifteenth or sixteenth the
lashes did not hurt anymore. In fact they were exciting and I wanted more. When
Marcia finished I was having the most powerful orgasms of my life.

I heard Marcia say from a great distance. "Check this out. I knew this would be
better for her."

I felt pressure in my vagina and looked up to see Marcia had put her thumb in
her palm and was pushing her whole hand into my pussy giggling as she pulled it
out to have my juices fall off of it to drip on my stomach.

Bill marvelled, "Jesus. The bitch got off on all that pain."

"I didn't care. I was so exhausted from the pain and orgasms all I wanted to do
was sleep which they fortunately let me do.




KIDNAPPED 3
 ============

I must have slept over 12 hours. I woke just as the sun was coming up and
stretched on the dirty mattress feeling completely refreshed. Then I remembered
yesterday and looked down at my breasts. They were almost completely black and
blue but amazingly they didn't hurt.

I heard Marcia sob, and looked over at her. She had her wrists tied to a two by
four in the wall exposed by the fallen plaster and her legs were tied wide apart
by a rope coming through knot holes in the floor. If that wasn't bad enough she
was sitting on a pile of pine cones. I was sure the sharp edges must have
punctured the skin of her butt.

When she saw I was awake she moaned, "Oh God, Mom. We have to get out of here.
They are getting terribly mean. Look at what they did to my poor nipples."

I looked and saw a nail sticking through each nipple. I said, "Oh my God. How
did they do that. Nails are too dull just to push through."

"It was awful. They tied strings to my nipples then pulled them across a work
bench in the barn so hard my boobies looked like ice cream cones. Then they
found a couple of nails and pounded them through my nipples with a rock.I have
never hurt so bad in my life. Then they took turns fucking my ass. I tried not
to move but I couldnt help jerking on my poor nipples."

"Oh Darling. I am so sorry."

"There is more. After they put you to bed I told them you had been very brave
because it was worse to have to order your own punishment that way. That
intrigued them so they said we would go exploring. They had me lie on my tummy
on the gravel road then grabbed my arms and legs and slid me back and forth
until I was sure all my skin would be gone. See, my front is still red."

"Then they found some nettles and wrapped them around my boobs and made like a
thong to cover my whole pussy and fill my asscrack. That wasn't too bad at first
but the longer they stayed on the more they itched and burned."

"Finally they took them off and we continued our "Nature Study." They found some
cockleburs and made me stick them inside my pussy while they held the lips open.
I swear I could feel the pain clear to my womb. I had to walk around like that
until they found something else. Watching me limp and cry turned them on so they
took out the burrs to fuck me on a bed of pine cones."

Then they saw a blackberry bush and cut off a limb about three feet long and
told me to whip myself with it. They said if I didn't do a good job they would
give my pussy forty lashes with it. Oh God Mom I hit myself so hard hoping I
would get the release but somehow you can't do that to yourself. They let me
quit when they saw I was crying so hard I couldn't aim anymore."

"They let me come back to the house and let me sleep since I was so exhausted
they said it was like fucking a dead girl."

"When I woke up they made me crawl under the house and stick the rope ends
through these knotholes to tie me and finally made me sit on these pinecones. 
Thankfully most are mashed down now so they don't stick me as much."

"Oh poor baby. I wish there was something I could do."

"Your time is coming. Think of a way for us to get away!"

"I have been thinking about it. I think our only escape would be to get to the
car and push the ONSTAR button. ONSTAR can locate us by satellite and send
help."

"God. Why didn't you punch that when he got in the car."

"I couldn't. It asks you what your problem is and he would have heard and
probably killed us on the spot."

"How in Hell are we going to get to the car? They are with us every second."

"I think our only hope is to convince them we want to be their slaves. Maybe
then they will trust us enough to let one of us outside alone. It only takes a
second to push the button on the dash."

"I don't know. They know the only reason we agree to things is because we are
scared they will do something worse. But it is worth a try."

"Yes. Agree to anything willingly. We might even make suggestions of things they
could do to us."

"They would love that. Remember how turned on they got by your telling me to
suck their cocks."

"Yes and I am sure we may have to suggest something worse. Just remember no
matter what you suggest they do to me. I won't hate you for it."

"Me either, Mom."

A little later Bill came to the doorand said, "Time to get up girls. we are
hungry."

He untied us and led us to the kitchen. This time it was bacon, eggs, and fried
potatoes. I tried to turn the bacon real easy so it would not spatter on my
naked belly but some did to make me squeal."

Ben said, "Whats the problem?"

"Some grease spattered on my belly."

"Oh but it is worth it to make us a nice breakfast. Isn't it?"

"Yes I don't mind as long as I can make you happy. See the little polkadots it
made on my belly?"

"Yeah. Stand closer to the stove."

I forced a smile and moved closer. He laughed at my squeals as more grease hit
me until I thought my belly was on fire.

Then Joe said, "I saw something in the barn that would be perfect for our
serving girl."

He came back with a metal tray with twine hanging off holes he had punched with
a nail around the perimeter. He had Marcia go to him and took the twine at the
back of the tray to hang around her neck. Then he pulled the nails out evenly on
her nipples which made her grimace and wound the twine around them.  Adjusting
until the tray was sticking out horizontally and level. The tray was stretching
her nipples but she was able to say, "Good idea. I can serve all of you at
once."

The food was done and Marcia came to me to load the plates on her tray. Thank
God they were just plastic plates but still the five plates of food stretched
her nipples so far I saw the holes in them become oval shaped.

She thanked me and went to them to deliver the plates. Naturally the mean
bastards pushed down on the tray as they removed their plate but Marcia managed
to stand it with only a gasp and a smile as they said, "Thanks."

They left the tray on her so she could take the plates, silverware and cups to
the sink for washing.

As we ate Bill said, "Marcia. How did you like your pinecone bed? I see it made
a bunch of cuts on your ass."

Marcia forced a smile and said, "It was awful at first but it got better. Maybe
Mom should try it."

I saw an opportunity so I smiled and said, "Yes. Would you like me to go out and
gather some cones?"

"Thanks for the offer but I already got a sack full with one special one."

He went to the sack and picked up a cone on the floor. He brought it back and
showed it to me saying, "This one is not much thicker than my dick. It should
fit real well in your pussy."

I cringed as I looked at it and realized I was faced with a dilemma. Cones grow
with leaves pointing to the skinny end. If I put the skinny end in first it
would tear at my channel but if I put the thick end in first it would be
terrible taking it out.

I fought back my fear and said, "Oh yes. That should be wild. Can Marcia help me
put it in. Her fingers are slender enough to get both hands in to open me up."

"Oh sure. We love Mama, daughter cooperation."

I got down on the floor and opened my legs as far as I could then Marcia put the
backs of her hands together and shoved them in to then pull them apart to make a
gaping hole of my slit. I was afraid it may rip but fortunately vaginas are made
to stretch. I made the decision to put the little end in first to make it easier
to take out knowing my poor pussy would be sore in no time.

Marcia was so good. She left her fingers in deep so the stickers scraped on the
back of her fingers to save my innerlips but still I was stuck on the perineum
and my clit.

They had me walk around enjoying my look of pain as I hobbled around with my
legs open to minimize the pressure on the cone.

Ben had me walk over to the corner and get some duct tape while Joe took off
Marcia's tray. He folded pieces of the duct tape to make double stick tape then
began sticking cones to it. I shuddered realizing what he planned. Soon when I
walked I would be getting stuck on the undersides of my boobs as well as my
pussy.

He had Marcia get behind me and told her to lift my tits by the nipples while he
put on the tray. She did but he wasn't satisfied saying, "No higher. Get her
nipples up to her chin."

My boobs are pretty big so Marcia really had to pinch to keep the nipples from
slipping from her fingers which hurt horribly.

He tied the back of the tray around my back high enough for the cones to scratch
my boobs then tied the front around my neck to make it horizontal then added
duct tape to my chest and back of the tray so it could not slip down.

He told Marcia to let go of my nipples and bless her she let them down slowly so
the bottom of my boobs flattened on the cones to stick every inch of them.

I screwed up my courage and said, "This is a wonderful idea. I will be stuck at
every step."

"I was thinking of more than just walking. Would you like to do about ten
jumping jacks for me?"

I felt sick at the thought but remembered our goal and said quaveringly, "Oh yes
but wouldn't you like me to do twenty?"

"Hell of an idea. Lets see them. Jump high and spread your legs wide."

God the pain was unreal. Everytime I hit the floor my boobs would be ripped by
the cones and my pussy was ripped both at opening and closing of my legs. By
twenty I was drenched in sweat from the effort and pain and just stood there
panting which kept my boobs scraping on the cones.

He said, "Good girl. You are a hell of an entertainer. Lets get that tray off
and the cone out of your snatch."

I had made the right decision. The cone slipped out of my pussy relatively easy
and the relief when the tray was off was wonderful. I panted "I am glad you
enjoyed my show. If it made you hard I will be glad to suck you."

"Another great idea. Get on your knees."

I went to him to kneel and as lovingly as possible unzipped his pants and gently
pulled out his dick but he said, "No. Take them down. I want you to be able to
lick my nuts and asshole."

I gagged at that thought but pulled them down to his ankles so he could step out
of them and open his legs. Joe and Bill were not going to be left out so they
told Marcia to suck both of them at once. Her mouth was not big enough to get
them both in so she went from one to the other while Joe said, "Let's have a
competition. Last one to cum gets to have his asshole reamed out with her
tongue."

Ben wanted to make it last. He had me lick his inner thighs, his balls, his
anus, the shaft, and the head before having me take it in my mouth to suck and
make my tongue swirl around it.

When he came he jerked out to flood my face then he scraped it off with his
finger and fed it to me. It was like eating snot but I smiled and told him his
cum tasted wonderful.

Marcia was not so lucky, some of their cum spilled on the filthy floor and she
had to lick it up before the degrading act of sticking her tongue as deep as
possible in Joe's ass and swirling it around. When he was satisfied her lips
were brown but they made no objection when she wiped it off with the back of her
hand.

We took a break at that time and I made some more coffee and bologna sandwiches.

After we ate and was drinking coffee Marcia said, "Mom's tits and pussy must be
super tender from the cones. Should I go get a willow switch and whip them for
you?"

I didn't hate her because I knew she was just trying to get to the car.

Ben said, "No. She was a real sport on the jumping jacks. I think she should get
the switch for you."

He handed me his knife and said, "There is a climbing rose bush by the barn. Go
cut a branch about as tall as you are while we get Marcia ready."

Our plan worked I ran to the car and pushed the button. When the voice came on I
said, "Get the Police here fast."

Then I ran to the bush before they became suspicious. I cut it off the ends
where the thorns were not as big and ran back. As my boobs jumped and swayed I
flashed back to the tray.

When I got back They were just finishing hanging Marcia from the ceiling with
her legs spread wide.

Ben said, "Go up and down from her tits to her asshole. I want to see drops of
blood all over her front."

I began hitting her lightly noting even easy lashes were enough for the thorns
to bring blood. We were all amazed when she yelled, "Harder! Faster! I can't get
over."

I did it until her front was a mass of blood and she was obviously in orgasm.

They let her hang there moaning while I got a wet rag to wipe off the blood. 
Amazingly there was little damage under the blood. Just hundreds of little pin
pricks.

Two hours went by while they had us do every degrading act they could think of.

The one scary thing was when Bill decided my pussy should be bare like Marcias. 
I thought he would shave it but he just took out his cigarette lighter and
burned off the hair. Amazingly it didn't hurt. The instant the burning hair hit
skin it went out and it just left my pussy red and hot like a little sunburn.

Then suddenly a bull horn loudly stated, "This is the Police. You are
surrounded. Come out with your hands up."

I was relieved when Bill said, "Shit. Jim must have told them about this place."
I was sure if he had known I was the cause I would have been killed on the spot.

Joe looked out the window and said, "We don't have a chance. Everywhere I look
there is a cop."

Ben agreed and they started walking out with their hands on their head unlike
all the movies I had seen with fierce gun fights. Marcia and I ran to the
bedroom to get some clothes on settling for just blouses and skirts to save
time.

My husband John came running to the house to hug us as we came out and asked how
we were. We told him we were all right and just wanted to go home. He insisted
we go to a hospital but they just said we had minor damage that would be cured
in a short time.

When we left the hospital he asked what they meant by minor damage. I told him
we would show him when we got home.

He was amazed and embarrassed when we got home and calmly stripped since both of
us had been extremely modest. We turned slowly in front of him stark naked in
the brightly lit room to show the many bruises welts and little scabs from the
cones.

He cleared his throat and blushed saying, "I am surprised you are showing me
this. You always undressed in the dark or in the bathroom and I haven't seen
Marcia naked since she was three years old."

"We have changed Darling. We haven't had clothes since we were kidnapped and are
used to being naked. Do you mind?"

"No you are beautiful. It just might not be nice for me to see Marcia."

Marcia said, "Don't be silly Daddy. Nudist families see their daughters naked
all the time and in Europe and Japan there are family spas."

"I guess it is alright as long as no-one else knows."

"Oh good. I have wanted to show you how grown up I am getting. The aerobics have
made me firm too. All the babyfat is gone. Feel my butt and tummy."

I frowned at her thinking she had gone too far and was relieved when he smiled
and began stroking her butt and then her tummy.

He smiled more broadly and said, "Oh yes Honey. You are as firm as your Mom and
you inherited her beauty. I love your round firm breasts. I am sure the holes in
your nipples will soon heal shut."

She said, "I may not let them. I think I will get gold rings for them since the
holes are already there. Do you think that is too slutty?"

"I guess not. Piercing is in right now and if you change your mind the holes
will close."

"Oh good. I think it will feel sexy to have them rubbing on my clothes."

Since things were going so well I took a chance and said, "There are other
changes. We have learned to be obedient. We will do anything you wish and if we
don't we will expect you to spank or whip us."

"You must be kidding. You mean something like sex slaves? I have had fantasies
about that."

"Yes exactly like sex slaves. Anything you want."

"Even sex stuff you always refused?"

"Yes. I will suck your dick and you can have anal sex."

"He blushed to have Marcia hear that but it faded when Marcia said, "Me too
Daddy."

"Really? That is incest and illegal."

"We won't tell anyone if you don't."

"I still think you must be putting me on."

"We'll prove it. I'll suck your dick while you spank Marcia."

He moaned,"Oh God." and shifted the bulge in his pants."

Marcia went to the back of the couch to lean over it and said, "Is this okay for
my spanking."

"But you haven't done anything wrong."

"I know, This is just a demonstration."

He hesitated but her lucious round buns were too much for him and he got up to
stand by her. I went to him to undo his pants and pull his shorts and pants to
his ankles and started giving him the blow job I had been trained to do. I swear
his dick had never been that hard before. I heard slaps then Marcia say, "Harder
Daddy and faster."

In a few moment he flooded my mouth and I began licking him clean. Marcia
dropped down beside me to help lick him off while he gently held his hands on
our heads moaning, "Oh Jesus. I am in heaven."

Afterward he said, "That was wonderful but I feel so guilty."

"No darling. We are the guilty ones. We had sex with all three of those men and
enjoyed it. We should be punished until we have reached total atonement. That is
the only way we will ever feel better about ourselves."

"Well maybe but I think you should both go to a psychiatrist."

We agreed but it was a waste of time. Neither of us wanted to be cured of our
obsession with sex and pain and the only thing we accomplished at the doctors
office was enjoying the obvious erections we gave him as we told our stories.

The cops wanted us to testify against our kidnappers but we told them it would
be dumb to end up in tabloids since they were getting life anyway for the
murder. They argued for a while then gave up.

Our only problem is that poor John is not up to servicing two horny girls. We
have been able to convince him we could have orgasms just from pain and manual
stimulation but we are hoping he will eventually bring in some friends or a male
hooker to help. He has said that we are amazing and that he would like to show
us off to a few good friends.

I think everything will work out.

The end. Loveya Allene




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





