BDSM Library - Assault on Liza Jane




Assault on Liza Jane
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Buxom Liza, 43 yr. old barmaid, has to check on the new girl working at her club.First she masturbates herself into a frenzy. At her cocktail lounge she exhibits her big tits, is fondled by some patrons. She makes an unexpected stop on the way home, gets involved in a vicious fight w/4 college coeds and a gang bang by 40 college men.
ASSAULT ON LIZA-JANE

Part One

   Perhaps it was the rainy weather or maybe the fact that Liza's husband had
been away on a business trip and not expected home for some time, that had in a
slightly depressed mood, whatever the reason for her melancholy the last thing
Liza wanted to do was to leave the comfort and security of her modest home.  In
any event, the buxom, 43 year old , auburn haired beauty knew she had to venture
out this evening, Liza promised her boss, who had to leave town for the weekend, 
that she would stop in at "The  Club" and check up on the new barmaid.  "The
Club" meaning Killigans, a popular watering hole for the mature minded crowd and
the place where Liza worked. She was the  assistant manager and head bartender,
as such it was her responsibility to make sure everything ran smooth at the bar
whenever the owner wasn't there. Well tonight the owner wasn't there and to make
matters worse a brand new girl was working behind the bar. Reluctantly Liza
headed toward the bathroom to make herself presentable before the drive cross
town to Killigans.

   After a quick shower , she felt somewhat refreshed , ready to face the
evening. The hint of a smile even traced her luscious lips as she stood naked in
front of the full length mirror examining her incredible figure. Liza Jane
cupped her impressive breasts, 36DD to be exact, expertly her hands massaged,
caressed and fondled her massive melons. Balancing her ample bosom in the palms
of her hands, the thumb and forefinger of each hand worked their way over her
fleshy orbs and latched on to perpetually erect nipples. A soft sigh escaped
Liza's lips as she twisted, tugged and stretched her firm nipples. She watched
in admiration as her rigid nibs  grew even larger rising up like bullets from
her silver dollar sized areola.

   Panting audibly now, Liza released her right breast from her grasp. Working
her left tit with increased frenzy she let her right hand begin a slow descent
down her soft belly. Her palm patted and stroked silky smooth flesh, lingering
near her belly button,  her index finger toyed with her deep navel. Soon Liza's
hand slid lower feeling the small patch of neatly trimmed pubic hair. A warm
sensation started to radiate from between her legs, suddenly two fingers were
pressing hard against her sensitive slit. Running her fingers up and down the
length of her pussy, Liza Jane gasped out loud , her moist folds of sensitive,
pink flesh began to unfurl as her finger buried itself deep inside the hot hole.
A second finger joined the first, she worked  her two fingers  in and out of her
wet pussy , like a concert pianist her fingers played inside her pussy, hitting
all the right keys. The tempo picked up speed, faster and faster she plunged her
fingers into her responsive hole.  Liza started to tap the top of her slit very
heavily and quickly with her thumb, soon her clit began to emerge from it's
protective folds of skin. Her  tiny pink bud of pleasure began to rise and grow
with every thump of her thumb. Nearly an inch in length, she easily trapped it
between her thumb and index finger,  squeezing and pulling on it until.  Liza
tossed her head back relishing the currents of pleasure that ran  through her
like electricity. Liza Jane moaned out loud while her entire body shook with the
spasms of an incredible orgasm.


   Liza's trembling legs were no longer able to support her weight, slowly she
slid down to her knees, her legs spread far apart, she leaned forward and rested
her elbows and arms on the floor,  her well rounded ass jutting upward, 
"Oooooooooooh....ahhhhhhhhhhhh", the buxom lady was consumed in lust.  Liza's
ample bosom was pressed between her hot body and the plush carpeted floor in her
bed room, she swayed her body from side to side, letting her sensitive nipples
rub against the carpet , her ass waving seductively in the air.  The stimulation
to her breasts alone,  was enough to  cause her body to tingle in response to
the early stirring of yet another orgasm.

   Sweating profusely and breathing hard, she was simply out of control, she had
to touch her self again to complete her journey toward sexual gratification. The
sex crazed woman shifted her weight to her left arm , causing her immense bosom
to grind  into the carpet, she cried out from the pain as her tender tit was
flattened  between her body and the floor. Pain  soon turned  to pleasure as her
breasts plunged deeper into the thick pile of the carpeting, the fiber 
surrounded her eraser like nipples, caressing them like a thousand tiny fingers.
Liza Jane snaked her right arm toward the apex between her spread open legs,
once again she started to manipulate her distended  clit and saturated pussy.
Her fingers moved rapidly up and down the length of her slit, spreading her
labia far apart, exposing her gaping hole. "Oooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh,
Aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh....pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, Nooooooooooooooooooooo",
the women screamed out loud, as forged two fingers into her drenched opening.
Liza's entire arm was moving like a machine while she finger fucked herself with
such force and frenzy that her entire body shook out of control.

   The incredibly sexy lady moved her left hand toward her mouth and began
sucking on her index finger as if she were giving the best blow job of her life.
Then she extended her left arm behind her back, her wet finger finding the deep
crevice of  her voluptuous ass.  She began to explore that forbidden area,
stroking the sensitive stretch of skin between her two holes. Her finger drew
tiny circles around her tight puckered aperture, then she slipped the very tip
of it into the opening. Slowly she began inserting her finger  until it was
completely  buried inside her ass. Her digit explored the confines of her butt,
stabbing in and out of her dark canal, massaging the coarse interior, driving
herself to new peaks of pleasure.

   Liza was almost unrecognizable at this point. Her hair matted to her head
with sweat, tears filled  her exotic eyes, her mouth hung open, saliva trickled
down one corner of her lip, a continuous flow of unintelligible moans and groans
emanated from deep inside. Her extraordinary body was covered with a fine sheen
of perspiration that caused it to glisten under the light. She was convulsing,
shaking, trembling and gyrating vigorously. Her heart was beating so hard she
could feel it pounding against her  chest, she was gasping for precious air to
fill her lungs.....and then....without any warning all her animations stopped,
her mind and body froze....an ear shattering scream filled the room....and a
river of juice flowed from between her legs. Like a Niagra , Liza Jane's cum
drained from deep inside her pussy, the clear fluid cascaded down her hand ,
drenching her fingers and saturating her thighs.

   Liza could not even recall the last time she ever experienced such a
thunderous, explosive orgasm. The woman was completely spent and exhausted. She
rolled over on her back, arms sprawled  out to either side, knees bent, her feet
flat on the floor, her ample bosom rising and falling with each deep breath of
air she gulped down.  The unmistakable aroma of sex filled the air. With her
eyes shut tight and a smile on her lips she drifted off into a state of quiet
reverie.
  
                              
   The persistent ringing of her telephone interrupted Liza Jane's brief erotic
interlude.  Lazily she opened her eyes and headed  toward the phone.  Although
annoyed that her pleasurable solace was cut short by the caller,  she answered
the phone in a pleasant manner. "Hello", her voice dripping with sensuality.
"Really, well now calm down honey,... that's not a problem,...relax sweetie,
I'll be there as soon as I can". Liza replaced the handset into the cradle, it
was the new girl at Killigans, she was obviously upset and really for no reason,
perhaps she was just over reacting to a minor problem because it was her first
night on the job. Seems she was have some difficulty with the cash register, she
couldn't get the drawer to open, or something like that. Well Liza did promise
her boss she would check on the place so she figured now was as good a time as
any to head on out there.

   Still naked and sticky, Liza went to her bed room to get dressed and touch up
her make-up. She couldn't help but glance at her nude body in the mirror,
subconsciously she moved her hand toward her massive bosom, she quickly stopped,
" don't even think about it," she admonished herself, "you have to get dressed
and down to the club." Liza giggled  at her reprimand and also how naughty she
felt by her almost uncontrollable desire for her own curvaceous body.

   She didn't have time for another shower but really wasn't concerned, she
rather enjoyed the musky smell of  sex that emanated from between her thighs.
Slipping on a pair of black silk panties, she couldn't help but notice that her
pussy was still coated with the sticky evidence of her earlier, self induced, 
orgasms. Liza smiled as she guided the smooth material up her legs, over her
ample ass and around her thin waist. The tiny panties nearly disappeared into
her crotch, the front barely covered her slit, let alone her fleshy labia and in
the back she might as well have not worn anything at all. The minuscule thong
was completely engulfed by her derriere, her well rounded ass was totally
exposed.   Liza Jane's panties all but vanished between the crack of her ass ,
when she adjusted them around her waist.


   To be sure, Liza Jane's panties left exceptionally little to the imagination
but the brassiere she decided to wear required a vivid imagination just to
visualize one being worn in the first place.  A modest, properly fitted and
sized, well constructed Maiden form bra would be challenged to support Liza 
Jane's's  heavy hanging, humongous hooters, but for the sexy and flimsy
provocative bra's that  Liza preferred, the task was all but impossible.  Liza
was  very proud of her great breast and had no qualms about exposing it to the
world, she certainly would never confine it to one of those bras designed to
support as well as conceal the beauty of a ladies bosom. She had a large
assortment of bras, none of which were intended to hide or support her bust. In
all actuality  she really didn't need the support, Liza's tits though extremely
capacious, were quite firm and jutted out proudly from her chest. At 43 years
old they showed only a hint of sagging and on her that looked incredibly
seductive.  Liza wore a bra only to decorate her mammoth bust and tonight was no
exception. The lacy black number she choose could best be described as a thin
strip of cloth that went under her tits and fastened behind her back with a
single hook, the shoulder straps, about the width of a strand of spaghetti ,
came down around the back of her neck over the tops of her tits , joined a
quarter inch piece of fabric and finally fastened to the cross strap. Certainly
not much there to obstruct anyone's view of her fleshy globes Modestly the
straps did cover her nipples, which always seemed to be in a constant state of
arousal, but that's where the coverage ended,  Liza Jane's, dark three inch
round areolae were in plain sight.

   Liza wiggled into a comfortable denim skirt, not to tight and not too short,
not too short according to Liza's definition of short anyway. The hem of the
skirt just barley rested below the cheeks of her great ass, so her dimpled butt
was covered as long as she didn't  have to move, since every time she did move
the skirt would hike up, only slightly but enough to expose the crease in her
ass.  Finally Liza donned a matching, sleeveless blouse that buttoned down the
front, of course there was no need for the buttons, she didn't button a single
one, she simply gathered the tails of the blouse and tied them in a knot just
under her tits.

   Once again Liza checked herself in the mirror and was exceptionally pleased
at how great she looked and at what a slutty appearance she presented of
herself. "Oh yeah,....MMMMmmmm " she murmured, the guys at Killigans are
definitely in for a treat tonight. Just the thought of those horny old
customers, gawking at her half naked  body created a stirring in her loins. With
a broad smile on her face, a wiggle in her walk and a bounce to her step, Liza
headed for her car to drive over to Killigans.

   Killigans was a rustic old Tavern in a nice setting, really a friendly place
and Liza loved her job there, the only bad feature about working there was she
had to travel through , what the locals called , "Smart Ass Ave" a derisive name
given to the road that passed by the local College campus. Not that the
residents had anything against college kids but they were strictly blue collar,
hard working, conservative people and didn't fit in well with the supposedly
education, liberal, free thinking future leaders of the America. Liza Jane in
particular always felt just a bit uneasy whenever a gang of students would drop
into her Bar, she got the feeling that they looked down on her, her occupation,
her colorful vocabulary and they way she flaunted her massive tits. On more than
one occasion she would over hear them make a comment similar to "...look at that
old bitch showing her tits." or "that slut should be ashamed of herself for
parading around dressed like that". As Liza drove by a popular Bar, that catered
to the college crowd she simply extended her middle finger and whispered "fuck
them", under her breath.


   Liza eased her car into the parking lot, a little disappointed that it was
not more crowded, the place is usually busy on Friday night but tonight the lot
wasn't even half full. Liza was disheartened she was really looking forward to
showing off her BIG tits to a larger audience. "Oh well." Liza shrugged her
shoulders, "not always the quantity but the quality that counts". She visualized
her boobs  getting some special attention   from an experienced pair of hands
and lips instead of the usual groping and feeling up that she attracted when the
place was more crowded. Liza sashayed into the dimly lit Cocktail Lounge with an
air of confidence about her. The sound of her heels clicking on the hardwood
floor drew the immediate attention of the few patrons sitting around the Bar.
The provocatively dressed woman was greeted with a polite round applause and a
few warm welcomes. Liza acknowledged the pleasant reception and blew them a kiss
before taking a seat on her favorite barstool. When Liza Jane did that she was
met with an even more hearty round of applause,   as she started to sit down her
short skirt hiked up to her hips giving everybody a bird's-eye view of her tiny
panties.  When Liza's bare ass hit the cold leather seat she got goose bumps all
over and her nipples grew hard and erect, this did not go unnoticed by the guys
at the bar. "Hey look fellas' our girl's hot already", one guy said as he draped
his arm over Liza's shoulder letting the palm of his hand rest on top of her
right boob, "...let me see how hot she is", another man commented as he latched
onto Liza's left tit, squeezing her pliant flesh firmly between his fingers.

   Liza was accustomed to this behavior and just giggled as her nearly naked
tits were being fondled , actually she savored the attention her tits received, 
Liza could feel her pussy getting damp already. However, she reluctantly grabbed
the two hands stimulating her breast and gently pried them off her, "Not now
guys, I really don't have the time, besides I just stopped in to help the new
girl out, then I have to get going". 

   The novice bar maid seemed somewhat taken back by what was going on, all the
tit grabbing and such, she was distanced as far away as possible from the
action. Finally, Liza looked towards the other end of the bar and motioned for
the young girl working there to come over. As she made her way to where Liza was
sitting, Liza noticed that the girl was very young, no more than 19 or 20, she
also noticed that besides being obviously nervous and shy, she was also
incredibly beautiful. Liza smiled and extended her hand to meet the new girl.
"Hi, I'm Liza Jane, the assistant manager of this joint", while shaking each
others  hands warmly, the bartender introduced herself as well, "I'm Tiffany,
pleased to meet you." Tiffany briefly explained the cash register problem to
Liza , the experienced lady knew exactly what to do, told Tiffany what keys to
punch and the problem was solved..   "There, ya' see hon that wasn't such a big
problem, now loosen up a bit  you'll do just fine working here," the young girl
was immediately put at ease by the genuinely,  friendly disposition of Liza and
the two women engaged in a little conversation.

   Liza learned that Tiffany was a student at the college and immediately let
Tiffany know her feelings regarding college kids. Tiffany assured her that she
was not some rich, snobbish coed but rather a sincere hard working kid just
trying to further her education. Liza accepted the girl's sincerity and the two
ladies seemed to get along very nicely. The conversation soon drifted toward the
events that took place earlier in the evening, the way Liza was being groped by
the customers and all. Liza explained how much she liked that kind of attention
and secretly admitted to being somewhat of an exhibitionist. Tiffany's eyes
widened hearing this unusual side of Liza's life, she squirmed a little, maybe
uneasy hearing Liza speak so frankly about her body. Seeing this reaction from
Tiffany, Liza reached her arms over the bar and clasped her hand between hers,
"Hey, don't you worry Honey, I do what I do because I want to, if anybody here
every touches you where or when you don't want to be touched, I'd be the first
one to break his arm." Tiffany was somewhat reassured hearing this, glad she
wasn't expected to show of her tight little body in public. They smiled at each
other, then Liza stood up to leave, before leaving she leaned over and planted a
friendly  kiss on Tiffany's cheek.  Of course when Liza leaned over the bar her
ample bosom tumbled out of her flimsy bra giving Tiffany a close up ,
unobstructed view of her beautiful boobs.


   Tiffany's eyes nearly popped out of her head and her jaw dropped open as she
stared at Liza's naked orbs only inches from her face. The beautiful young
barmaid gawked at Liza for what seemed like an eternity and the longer Tiffany
stared the wetter Liza got. Suddenly, without saying a word, Tiffany grasped
Liza's right boob between the palms of her hands, a long sigh emanated from the
older woman's lips. Tiffany's face inched forward, soon she had Liza's obviously
excited nipple embraced between her lips. Tiffany drew in a deep breath, sucking
as much of  Liza's tit into her mouth as possible. The young barmaid's pearly
white teeth pressed firmly down on Liza's sweet flesh, trapping the orb , while
her tongue swirled wildly around Liza's long, hard nipple. Another moan of
pleasure escaped from deep within Liza Jane's belly, she gripped the edge of the
bar for support, her legs now unsteady as they trembled from excitement. 
Tiffany's tongue continued to dance around Liza's nipple, caressing it,
massaging it, bathing it with long lavish strokes. Liza couldn't control herself
another second, she tossed her head back, closed her eyes tightly, a guttural
sound of passion echoed audible around the bar.  In stunned silence the other
patrons watched as Liza's body gyrated, twisted and squirmed, her face distorted
in a mask of ecstacy, the amazed customers mouths fell open as they viewed  the
trickle of clear, sticky juice drip from between Liza's legs and glaze her inner
thighs.

   Then, as quickly as it had started, it was ended, Tiffany pulled away from
the still trembling woman, released her breast from her clutches, a look of
shame  etched on her face, now a bright crimson from embarrassment.  Stuttering 
nervously, trying to find the right words," m..m...my God, Liza,
I...I....I....don't know what got into me, please forgive me, I never did
anything like that in my life, I'm so terribly sorry Liza, pleaseeeeeeee don't
hate me". Liza Jane fumbled nervously with her boobs, trying to stuff the
heaving mounds of flesh back into her tiny bra. Eventually she succeeded in
accomplishing her monumental task, her bosom safely tucked in, she stroked
Tiffany's hand lovingly. "Hey, ssshhhhhh, don't be upset honey, please, you have
nothing to apologize for, come on Tiff, everything is fine, I'm not in the least
bit angry as a matter of fact, I.....I rather enjoyed it," the two ladies
exchanged warm smiles and stated how much they looked forward to working
together.

   Liza Jane made her farewells and left Killigans, still a little unsteady but
terribly excited about the unusual events that just transpired. As she headed
toward her car, Liza was still puzzled as to why she reacted so intensely to
Tiffany's mouth on her tit, she never considered herself gay or even bi-sexual ,
she just couldn't figure out what it was about the young barmaid that had
aroused such passion in her. What she did know was that she definitely had to be
with her again, just the thought of being with Tiffany caused Liza Jane to feel
a stirring between her legs.




ASSAULT on LIZA JANE

Part 2

    Sitting behind the wheel, Liza had a hard time concentrating on the traffic
and it wasn't the light drizzle falling that was diverting the buxom woman's
attention. Her thighs were nearly glued together from, the still very sticky
coating of her own juices,  juices that poured  so easily from her pussy while
Tiffany gnawed, pawed, nibbled and nearly swallowed, Liza's big tits,  with her
young tender hot mouth. The unmistakable aroma of her own sex filled the car,
she inhaled deeply savoring that musky fragrance. Inebriated with pleasure and
nerves on edge,  Liza reached for a cigarette in an effort to calm herself down.
"Oh, shit...", "Damn", must have left them at Killigans," Liza mumbled,
realizing she really needed a smoke and didn't have any. "Well, guess I'll stop
at that tavern up ahead and buy a pack," Liza thought.  As much as she hated the
area she was in she did crave for some nicotine, that craving outweighed any
apprehensions she might have had about stopping at a bar on College Row.

    As soon as she entered the crowded club, Liza regretted her decision to do
so, the place was fairly busy , 40 maybe 50 people there, a few girls but mostly
young college age men, nineteen to the oldest no more than 23, according to
Liza's calculations. "Well I got this far,  might as well get my smokes and get
the hell out of here", Liza took in a deep breath of air and strolled up to the
bar, the silent stares she received from just about everybody there made her
painfully aware of the way she was dressed and how she looked. This was
definitely not the kind of place she could call home and certainly not a crowd
she would feel at ease showing off her body in front of. As she moved toward the
bar she could sense her short skirt riding up with each step she took, exposing
her ample cheeks, her boobs bouncing up and down, jiggling freely, barely hidden
in her skimpy blouse and whether she liked it or not her body was being candidly
displayed to the youngsters.

    Liza Jane ignored the few lewd remarks which she knew were made for her
benefit and headed towards  a bar stool in a darkened corner. She knew better
than to ask a busy bartender for change for the cigarette machine, so she
ordered a drink not wanting to annoy the guy behind the bar. The lady sat down
on her bar stool as gingerly as possible, praying that her skirt would not inch
up over her ass exposing her full butt, not the way she did at Killigans anyhow,
there she secretly wanted to show off her ass but here, well that was the last
thing she wanted to do.  Liza was fairly successful in sitting down without
putting on a free show so she relaxed a bit and ordered Jack Daniels on the
rocks.

    Swallowing down a large gulp of the booze, Liza noticed that the
conversation from a nearby table had grown a little louder, four young girls,
who had obviously been drinking for a while began discussing older women and why
some of them insisted on dressing like sluts. Liza could feel her face turn red
from anger, she knew damn well the girls were talking about her and hearing
these little bitches use a word like slut to describe her infuriated Liza. In an
effort to avoid any kind of confrontation here Liza held her anger in check, she
tried to ignore the girls and finish her drink, she just wanted to get out of
there as soon as possible. But the cheap talk continued. "Look at that old lady
sitting at the bar, her fat ass showing", one girl said, another chimed in,
"yeah look at that sluts blouse, doesn't even come close to covering her big
sagging tits." Liza knew she could kick all there young asses but not at the
same time and not in a hostile environment, so as much as she wanted to confront
the filthy mouthed youngsters she didn't, instead Liza gathered up her change
and finished her drink, more than ready to leave. In her anger, Liza set the
empty glass down rather hard attracting the attention of the bartender, taking
that as a cue that the older woman wanted another drink he hurried over with a
fresh Jack Daniels, Liza sighed out loud but paid for the drink and brought the
glass to her lips hoping to drink it down and leave as fast as possible without
having to listen to those shits , sitting over at the table.

    Much to Liza's dismay the talk continued, one of the girls, she seemed like
the leader of this small party asked a rhetorical question in a rather loud
voice. "Do you think she's a five dollar whore who came in here looking for some
business?" Then she laughed out loud and answered her own question, "Nah, she's
not a whore, she wouldn't make any money, who in their right mind would pay for
that old bitch, she's just a fucking slut hoping to get some dick tonight.
Another girl added,"well she came to the wrong place, I don't think there's a
guy in here who would  fuck her, not even in that fat ass, hell, not even if she
paid them". That last remark sent a wave of laughter flowing from the table all
four girls had an uproarious laugh and all at Liza's expense. The crude comment
also sent a wave of anger through Liza Jane, she slammed her glass down and
sauntered over to the table, taking her toughest looking stance, one hand on her
hip the other arm pointing angrily at the young ladies and feet slightly spread
apart, Liza Jane laid into the bitches for all she was worth.

    "You rotten little spoiled bitches, I heard about all I care to hear from
the bunch of you, your supposed to be educated young ladies well I don't know
what the fuck they are teaching you over at that piss poor university but you
all need a good lesson in manners. I have a good mind to slap the shit out of
each and every one of you but I doubt that would do any good, your just a bunch
of self centered, poor excuses for human beings. " Liza continued with her
uncontrollable tirade, "YOU and all the rest of you college low life can KISS my
ASS". The girls sitting at the table looked at the outraged women with mock
indignation as if to say they had absolutely no idea what the older woman was
yammering about. "Yeah, yeah, don't look at me like that you know god damn well
what I'm talking about and you better just pray that I never meet any of you on
the street or you'll have hell to pay".

    Satisfied that she got her message across, Liza spun on her heels and headed
toward the door. Not more than three steps did Liza take when she felt a hand
grab the back of her collar, the loosely fastened blouse was torn away in a
second.  Liza turned just in time to be greeted with a hard slap to her face ,
SMACCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKK,... a second, more potent slap landed on the left cheek
of Liza, leaving a very vivid hand print etched on her pretty face. The stunned
woman was staggered, she moved back a step or two, through teary eyes she
managed to focus on a young girl standing in front of her, holding Liza's torn
blouse in one hand and clenching the fist of her other hand. It was the loud
mouth of the group, her beautiful face now a mask of ugly anger, the blonde
could not have been more than 19 years old, her body slim possibly 100 pounds
not an ounce more. Liza rubbed her sore cheek, eyed the girl cautiously, shaking
her head from side to side she thought, "damn what a waste, a pretty young lady
like that and she is such a ill tempered woman, well guess I'll have to teach
this young shit a lesson after all."
   
    Liza bent slightly at the waist and before the young blonde knew what was
happening, charged into the startled youth, Liza buried her shoulder into the
coed's mid-section . A rush of air escaped from her lungs as Liza drove the girl
back against the wall, she pressed all her weight against the girl, Liza's
nearly naked, considerable breasts crushed into the smaller girl's puny chest.
"P...p...please lady get off of me your crushing my ribs, please I'm sorry,
j...just having some fun, come on lady, pleaseeeeeeee......." The young girl's
quavering voice and tear streaked face played on Liza's compassionate side, she
moved back but still held the girl in check by placing a hand on each of her
shoulders, "well if your sure you want this to end, then I'll let you go". "Oh
please, yeah I want to end this, it was the drinks talking, OK, I'm really
sorry", the seemingly frightened girl begged.  Liza released the girls
shoulders, let her arms fall to her side and took a step back, "OK, I accept
your apology, but just remember who started this little tussle".

    Liza looked at the girl and didn't fully understand why her face, which only
a second ago, showed humility and remorse had suddenly changed into an
expression of confidence and contempt. Liza Jane didn't have time to figure it
out either, two of the college girl's friends had moved up behind Liza. The din
of the bar room made it impossible for her to hear them when they approached but
she had no difficulty in feeling them as they each grabbed one of Liza's arms
and pulled them painfully away from her body. The girls twisted and pulled
Liza's arm so fiercely, she felt as if they would be torn from her shoulders.
The blonde standing in front of Liza spit out her words, "YEAH, Bitch, I know
who started this little tussle, YOU did, by coming in here looking and smelling
like the dirty old whore you are," she punctuated her remark by reaching out and
tearing Liza's tiny bra right off her body. Looking at Liza's exposed mounds of
flesh, the girl continued to taunt the trapped woman, " there isn't that what
you want, everybody seeing your big ugly tits, do you want them to see more,
slut?" Not bothering to wait for a response, the girl latched onto the waistband
of Liza's skirt, in one swift motion that too was torn from Liza's body.

    The three girls pulled Liza to the center of the bar room so everybody could
get a good look at the totally humiliated lady. Liza Jane's curvaceous body was
trembling and sweating, which only added to the obscene spectacle she presented
to the crowd of on lookers. The two girls continued to stretch out her arms, her
body vulnerable and naked, except for the tiny thong panties she wore. The
sadistic leader circled round and round Liza, poking  her soft flesh repeatedly,
with an extended forefinger topped off with a well chiseled nail. Each jab
caused Liza to yelp like a wounded puppy, the landscape of her body was being
tattooed with tiny puncture marks, some of which formed tiny welts, some of
which bled but all of which caused tremendous pain to Liza Jane. Eventually the
coed tired of using Liza's body for a dart board with her finger being the
projectile, once again she stood right in front of the wounded woman, staring at
her body, admiring her handiwork. Even though Liza's breasts received the blunt
of the attack,  her soft belly, thighs and ass also had evidence of  tiny yet
torturous puncture wounds.

    "Not so tough now are you bitch", the girl sneered at Liza, then with a
viciousness seldom seen in a women, the girl pulled her arm back as far as she
could, balled up her hand into a rock hard fist and drove it with all her power
into Liza's left tit. "OOOOOOOOOO wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww NOOOOOOOOOOOO," Liza
screamed out, the blow landed with pin point accuracy and devastation, the
girl's fist was buried into Liza's fleshy orb up to her wrist. The young girl
pressed her clenched hand deeper and deeper into Liza's bosom, torturing her
tender mound , kneading the flesh like a baker working on fresh dough, Liza was
consumed with pain, she cried out for the girl to stop. Only after seeing Liza's
big tit swell and turn an ugly shade of purple and blue did the young college
girl remove her fist from Liza's seriously bruised bosom.

    Liza's breast throbbed with pain, she could hardly hold her head up or
barely hear the young girl's warning, " Now, slut, I never want to see your old
ugly ass in here again, understand," the girl placed her hand under Liza's chin
and tilted her head up high, "DO  you understand me you whore?" Liza tried to
answer but no sound came from her lips, this infuriated the girl in front of her
, she moved in closer to Liza, then bent her leg and lifted her knee, slamming
it into Liza's pussy. The force of the blow nearly lifted Liza off her feet, her
entire body thrashed about from the intense pain that exploded in every nerve
she had, her head bobbed up and down then finally settled on her heaving chest,
eyes shut tight seeing only  stars, her legs felt like rubber and only the fact
that two girls were holding on tightly to her arms, prevented the beaten woman
from collapsing to the floor.

    The three girls all stared at the barely conscious woman, not knowing what
to do, should they just let her drop to the ground?, help her to her car?, they
really had no idea of how to deal with Liza at this point. Finally the girl who
sat at the table with them, who up to know had not taken any part in the vicious
assault of Liza Jane, approached her three friends. "This woman's had enough,
you want to kill her, what the fuck is wrong with you," the girl admonished her
friends, "Take her over there ," she said, pointing to the pool table, "let her
lay down for a minute or two." The two girls holding Liza's arms pulled her to
the pool table and let her drop down on the green felt top. Liza just laid on
her back, trying to regain some sense of awareness to her surroundings. "OK,
leave her there and let's get the hell out of here", the three girls agreed, but
the leader was still a little reluctant to stop her abuse on Liza. "Yeah, well,
okay, you want to pass up this opportunity to give this low life slut a little
college education, we'll go, alright, but I'm taking these to hang up in our
sorority dorm," she reached down and snaked her finger into the tiny elastic
band that went around Liza's waist and retrieved the minuscule panties Liza
wore."Just a little souvenir girls hope you don't mind" , she laughed out loud
with an evil snicker, as the four girls left their favorite college hangout.

    Laying naked and exposed on the pool table, Liza's body had grown
increasingly numb from the abuse, pounding and atrocious assault inflicted upon
her by the  dreadful coeds.  Her dark eyes slowly closed, fading into oblivion,
trying desperately to somehow erase the pain that exploded inside every inch of
her body.  On the verge of unconsciousness, the sounds of approaching footsteps 
jolted her from her trance like state.  Liza forced her eyes open, a new terror
filled her mind, as she noticed  a group of young men nearing the pool table.
Forty or so, college age boys, intoxicated with booze and lust surrounded  her.
She felt  fear more intense than she had ever experienced before.  Liza moved
her head from side to side and opened her mouth to scream for mercy but all she
could manage was a nearly inaudible sound, whispering the word, "no."

    The men leered down at her, snickering, making lewd remarks about her
unclothed, vulnerable form, verbally humiliating her. Liza's heavy breasts,
swollen and bruised rose up and down wildly as she nearly hyperventilated  from
fear. The obscene display of her gigantic bosoms, jiggling uncontrollably
compelled the young men to move in even closer. They swarmed around the woman,
splayed wide open, so unprotected, so accessible. Liza couldn't help but notice
the bulges between the legs of the young men as they ogled her curvaceous and
nude figure writhing on the green felt table top.
   
    Suddenly, without any warning one man grabbed her by her auburn hair and
pulled her head over to his erect cock.  Viciously  he filled her mouth with his
massive shaft,  Liza Jane, felt unseen and countless numbers of  hands roaming
over her body.  They grabbed her most cherished possession, her pendulous globes
of flesh. Strong, vice like fingers began squeezing, pinching, pulling and
mauling her tortured  tits. Liza feared her nipples would be torn completely off 
her breasts as she felt the tender nibs being crushed between powerful fingers
and stretched out like rubber bands.  The young sex crazed men who could not
reach her breasts,  grabbed at her soft belly, her thighs, her legs, any part of
her they could reach to join in on the mauling of Liza Jane.
   
    When two men grabbed hold of her ankles and wrenched her legs wide apart,
Liza went into a state of shock.  She did not even feel the first man to invade 
her exposed vagina.  Suddenly he was just there, his huge erection filling her
pussy and his hips banging against her's. His thrusts in and out of her slit
were so forceful they propelled her body forward onto the cock that was still 
firmly planted in her mouth. She felt the swollen tip of that pole forcing its
way deep into her throat, choking her,  making Liza feel light headed as it cut
off her oxygen.  The man began to literally fuck her face, using his grip on her
hair to force her mouth back and forth over his hard prick. While the two
assailants, one positioned between her legs the other by her head , pounded her
ravaged body from opposite ends, anonymous hands continued to claw her tortured
flesh. Pressed down on top of the pool table by dozens of sweaty men, her ankles
held  firmly by strong hands and arms that stretched her legs so far apart she
felt like she was being split up the middle, Liza could do little to stop her
attackers. Physically unable to escape this heinous assault and mentally
resigned to the fact that she was helpless against the brutes ,  she no longer
tried to resist the men who were brutally raping her. Liza Jane now laid 
passively on the felt covered table while two college boys abused her mouth and
cunt. All Liza could do at this point was to concentrate on her breathing,
hoping desperately to survive and to push the pain, humiliation and agony to the
back of her mind.

    Neither of the men lasted very long inside of her , almost thankfully, Liza
felt a load of hot cum fill her mouth.   Seconds later the huge prick that was
buried deep inside her pussy erupted and an immense load of that same, warm
sticky substance filled the inside of her cunt.. The two men let their satisfied
organs slip out of Liza's holes and moved away.  A sigh of relief escaped from
Liza's lips but her relief was only short lived. Almost immediately the first
two men were replaced  by a fresh set of rapers, this new pair positioned
themselves in similar fashion , one at Liza's head the other between her legs.
Not wasting a minutes time, they immediately filled Liza's pussy and mouth with
their pulsating pricks.

    Liza was reduced to being nothing more than a piece of meat used only for
fucking, her whole world was limited to the two cocks penetrating her. Man after
man mounted her and left the evidence of their warm, gooey discharges inside her  
pussy.  Liza's crotch was getting  saturated in cum, so much of it that it
flowed  in streams out of her pussy, around her  numbed cunt lips , down the
deep crease between the checks  of her shapely ass and finally forming a large
puddle between her legs. The men who situated themselves near her head  were
fucking Liza's mouth  with equal brutality, bloodying her lips with their
maniacal thrusts as they deposited volumes of sperm in her mouth. All  Liza
could do was to swallow the masses of sticky, white semen  flooding her mouth,
it was either swallow or choke. As she forced the hot  fluid down, Liza had the
sensation that their cum was coating her esophagus all the way to her stomach.
In one moment of being almost coherent , she could actually feel the cum filling
her stomach.  Gallons of the thick, white spunk was pooling inside her mouth
causing her cheeks to bulge between each deep swallow she was forced to take.
Even her soft belly began to bloat as volumes of semen  poured down her throat
and settled in the pit of her stomach. Liza honestly believed that she was going
to drown in their cum if this ordeal continued much longer.

    Eventually Liza Jane's pussy became so saturated in cum that even the
drunken, sex crazed college boys hesitated to stick their erect penises into her
slushy orifice. Attention would  now be directed towards the violated woman's
butt hole. The youths began chanting in a sing-song fashion, "let's do the ass,
let's do the ass", hearing that,  the guys holding her legs apart pulled them
further up toward her head, causing Liza's ass to raise in the air. Her dark,
wrinkled opening was now readily susceptible  to anyone who wanted to sodomize
her. The next guy to have a go at her simply positioned the head of his thick
erection against Liza's puckered opening  and  with little fanfare, hammered the
entire length of his dick into Liza's tight, unlubricated ass, with one mighty
thrust.  The husky college youth repeatedly drove his penis into Liza's ass,
indifferent to the searing pain he inflicted upon her. Liza was in excruciating
agony as the man pumped his cock into her with relentless jackhammer like
strokes .  It was nothing short of a miracle that Liza's tight ass hole wasn't
torn apart by the immense prick brutally penetrating it.  Liza tried to scream
but the cock  pumping into her mouth choked the sound of her cries, the only
sounds  that came out of her mouth were weak moans of anguish

    The man raping Liza's ass continued to smash into her for what must have
seemed to be an eternity.  Finally, he came, to Liza's relief, the cum that
gushed inside her ass would at least  provided a lubricant,  making it less
painful if another man wanted to sodomize her. Another man did, and another and
another and another.  Far too many to count, one after another would drive their
stiff erections into Liza's ass and pummel it until their balls were drained of
cum.

    Soon, Liza's  burning ass hole was as loose and as saturated with her
attacker's  sperm as her abused vagina. Her stretched open ass  was no longer
tight around a single prick , so they started to  stuff it  with two large cocks
at the same time. Those insane men forced   their cocks into her just to satify
their own cravings to feel some tightness around their shafts. Somebody  flipped
Liza over on her belly, propped her up on her knees  and the monsters once again
went to work on Liza's abused pussy. Fucking her  slit from behind  doggy style 
regenerated their interest in abusing the older woman's tortured, sopping wet
cunt.

    Flooded with cum and stretched open farther than seemingly possible, the
gang of college men found it almost effortless to double and triple penetrate
her cunt.   Having two and three cocks jammed into her gaping pussy  drove  Liza
insane with pain. Inevitably blood started to mix with the rivers of  cum that 
flowed out of Liza's holes. The sight of blood only added to the excitement of
the group and they attacked Liza Jane with new found vigor and depravity. The
collegians  discovered ways to maneuver their bodies making  it possible to jam
multiple cocks into Liza's ass and pussy simultaneously . It was unbelievable to
them that this mature, beautiful woman  could take three cocks in her ass and
pussy at the same time. Still these sex crazed animals wanted to do more to
demean and persecute the woman.  Countless hands groped  her face, dirty fingers
were forced inside  her  mouth stretching it wide open, abruptly four stiff
pricks were jammed between Liza's lips. From one corner of Liza's mouth a
trickle of blood started to ooze, her mouth stretched so far apart from the gang
fucking in her face that the skin actually tore.

    Over and over and over again Liza Jane's sex holes were being besieged by
huge, pulsating pricks and worse.  The men who  had spent themselves, once too
often and could no longer muster any type of erection.  brutalized Liza in other
ways.  Some of the men  simply plowed their fingers or fists into Liza's pussy
and ass.  With no compassion or concern for the semi-conscious woman sprawled
before them, the monsters even used their arms to  impale her  destroyed body.
The men were amazed by  the expansion of Liza's cunt as large  arms were buried
up to their elbows, in her dripping pussy.  Liza's ass was given the same cruel
treatment  , big strong arms were plunged into her rectum, forcing it to be torn
open as well.

    Through this entire nightmare, Liza  lay paralyzed on the pool table, 
accepting their abuse with no longer  even a thought of resistance. Physically
and emotionally she was demolished by the entire ordeal. Her only thought was to
survive this assault and cling to her life.

    So it continued, throughout the night and well into the early morning hours,
the out of control gang of men violated  her mouth, ass and pussy at will. 
Liza's pain racked body was covered in their white, sticky sperm. Her thought
process became increasingly disjointed, she was hardly aware of the incredible
amounts of  cum spurting into her face and eyes, or of  the cocks and other
appendages penetrating her ass hole  and pussy.  Liza Jane was even impervious
to the cruel hands pulling on her hair as her head was jerked back and forth
over anonymous cocks. The buxom woman could not even respond to the pain her
impressive tits endured,   pain  inflicted by having her sore nipples yanked and
twisted, pain from sharp teeth  sinking into her tender breasts, pain from rabid
jaws  clamping down on her grotesquely swollen nipples and bosom. 

    The sexual torture went on for hours and hours. Her tender flesh was being
mutilated, clawed  and nearly torn  from her body.  Blood, sweat and cum, bathed
her  from her auburn hair to the bottoms of her feet. Yet the gang of men seemed
to have an endless supply of energy and showed no signs of letting up.
Mercifully Liza was now in a state of unconsciousness, finally she had succumbed
to the atrocious assault and lay like a corpse on the table. The assailants were
undeterred by the coma like state of their victim, to the contrary they seemed  
enthralled by the sight of her abused body laying so still with scarcely any 
hint of life in it. Liza's lifeless body was buffeted about by the men
victimizing her, they no longer thought of Liza as a human being but merely a
pile of warm, tender flesh whose sole purpose  was to indulge  their barbarian
desires and insane sexual depravities.

    Liza Jane's cum covered face was treated as if it were detached from the
rest of her body, her mouth nothing more than another opening to be fucked just
like her cunt, They grabbed her sperm soaked hair and guided  her lethargic 
head back and forth on their insatiable erections, masturbating themselves with
her mouth, until more loads of cum spewed forth. No area of Liza's face was left
unscathed, any place that presented even the slightest opening into Liza was
violated.

    They pulled on her ear lobes and  stuck the tips of their cocks in Liza's
ears filling her ear canals with hot sticky cum.  Even her eyes were saturated
with cum as they pressed their pricks against her closed eyelids, jerking
themselves until their  hot gooey fluid  erupted.   Liza's nose was another
favorite target for the college boys, they took turns in jamming their cocks 
against her nostrils and shooting wads of sperm into her nose. The vile white
fluid was  forced down her throat through her nasal passages, causing Liza to
gag involuntarily with each load.

    As time wore on, one by one the men departed only a handful of them stayed
behind to finish off  Liza Jane. That small, sadistic group wanted to literally
fuck  her to death. Standing between her legs, the blood thirsty animals once
again began thrusting their throbbing hard ons into Liza's  open pussy, they
slammed into it with unheard of brutality.  This renewed savagery wasn't limited
to merely fucking Liza, they pummeled her belly with clenched fists and slapped
her tits with open palms until her huge swollen orbs turned crimson red.     

    The wet, sucking sounds of the men's cocks ramming in and out of her
cum-soaked pussy and the loud cracks made as their heavy hands smacked against
her fleshy tits echoed throughout the bar room. The din seemed to jostle the
assailants from their intoxicated state of barbarian behavior, quietly they
moved away from Liza. They looked down at her, as if for the first time and were
shocked at what they saw.  Liza Jane's comatose body lay paralyzed on the pool
table. Studying the figure closer they observed that her ass hole was spread
wide open, her pussy so stretched and deformed   that they could actually see
the interior linings and the pools of cum inside  Liza's vagina.   Her body was
covered in cum, some of it already dried in thick layers over her skin.  Not one
inch of Liza's body was untouched by the massive loads of sperm, but her cunt,
ass and face, was were the heaviest deposits of cum settled.  A combination of 
blood, sweat and sperm seeped from her orifices, her face a mask of white, her
ears and nostrils caked with dried cum. With each labored  breath she took, a
stream of cum bubbled from between her lips and trickled down the corners of her
mouth.

    Slowly the men left the tavern, reluctant to believe that they were
responsible for the extreme carnage perpetrated on the mature, voluptuous ,
woman left alone in the dimly lit bar room.. Did they care or even wonder if
Liza Jane would  survive the assault.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  G-Man


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





