BDSM Library - Strange Love




Strange Love
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Some pervert catches his 15 year old daughter misbehaving. In a fit of horney abandon, he decides to spank her, and her friend who he caught with her, in the nude. He continues to torment them until over the weeks, there has developed a torrid bdsm threesome between the horney dad, his tortureslut daughter, and her 16 year old lesbian lover.
(This is fiction.  Let's keep it that way.

If the rape and torture of young women offends you, please do not read this
story.  If it doesn't offend you, what the fuck's wrong with you?)




Strange Love, or, How I Learned to Love my Daughter.  (And her Friend.)

By Mr. Mumei

1. Introduction

This all started when I was coming home from work. I had been reading porno
stories on the Internet at work, and was busily fantasizing as I drove along. I
had been reading stories about rape and torture. I was discovering things about
myself that I had never known before. I was surprised to discover that the idea
of the rape of attractive women truly excited me. This scared me and fascinated
me at the same time. Over the months that I had been reading about these things,
I had wished more and more that I knew someone I could actually act these things
out with. I had read about helpless women screaming as men and women tortured
them mercilessly. I seriously wanted to do this to someone, but I had not the
slightest clue about how to go about finding someone willing (or semi-willing)
to go through with such a thing.

I couldn't risk asking anyone I knew on a day to day basis, of course - I would
be marked for life as a pervert if I tried that. The only other thing I could
think of was to go looking in places where people celebrated S&M - certain
raves, certain dance houses. That was extremely problematic, for I am a 40 year
old WASP with a house and a kid. A family man. I just didn't belong in that kind
of lifestyle. So up til the day I am about to tell you about, I had to satisfy
myself with my fantasies and my hand.

That changed the day I caught Victoria (that's my daughter, who was fourteen
years old at the time) and Mackenzie (that was her best friend, one year older)
skipping school. There I was driving along, fantasizing, on the way home to jack
off, when I saw my daughter and her best friend strutting down main street,
cigarettes in their hands, both wearing extremely revealing outfits. I don't
know to this day what event or what concert they wanted to get to that had them
skipping school so blatantly. I don't really care, either. I simply pulled up
next to them, and honked.

At first they though I was some old pervert trying to get them into the car, but
then I rolled down the window, and Victoria saw that it was her father, and that
she had been caught. "Shit," she sighed. Mackenzie replied, "Jesus."

I told them to get in the car. Mackenzie sat in front, Victoria in the back. My
mind was fresh from the fantasies I had been having about the agony of young
women, so I was already in something of a state of sexual agitation. It didn't
help that my daughter's sexy friend was now sitting next to me in the car,
obviously wearing no bra under her skimpy halter top. I could practically see
all the way up to her crotch when she sat down in her shorts. But of course, I
didn't let on my feelings at that point. Unless Mackenzie happened to look down
at the bulge in my pants, she probably at that point didn't know anything about
what was going on in my head. I intended to keep it that way. I fully intended
to keep my growing sexual fantasies divorced from reality.

"What happens next?" asked Mackenzie. She had been caught skipping and smoking,
and knew she was in trouble.

"Well," I said, "I call your parents, tell them what I've seen, and let them
deal with the situation however they see fit. And as for you, young lady," here
I addressed Victoria my daughter, "I call the school, tell them you've been
smoking, and you are kicked off the cheerleading squad and grounded for a
month."

I heard her whisper, "fuck." She truly valued her membership on the squad, and
all of her best friends were cheerleaders as well. We drove a little while on
the way to my house in silence. I absently began fantasizing again. I was
interrupted by Mackenzie's voice, calling my name.

"Mr. Roberts?" she was saying.

A little bothered by the interruption, I asked her, "what do you want."

She looked me straight in the face as I drove, and said in an incredibly  matter
of fact tone of voice, "I will do anything, and I mean absolutely  anything, if
you will promise not to tell my parents about today. If I am  caught smoking, I
will be kicked out of the honors program, and I can't handle  that. If you will
promise not to tell anyone you saw me here today, I will do  whatever you want
me to do, whenever you want me to do it. And that's a  promise, and you know
exactly what I mean."

I heard a gasp from the back seat. "Gross, Mackenzie! That's my dad!"  Mackenzie
simply continued to look right at me. I looked back at her out of  the corner of
my eye. This was the moment of truth. I had never been quite  sure whether she
was a slut, or just more free with her body language as many  young women these
days tend to be. Out of kindness, I had assumed the latter.

Now I had been given a very good reason to believe the former. I could see her 
skinny stomach in between her top and her shorts. Actually what really got me 
was her side. Something about a woman's side - the area between her hip and her
rib cage, really gets to me. I could see hers, and I could imagine touching it,
biting it. Biting it hard.

One thing I had learned from reading those stories on the Internet: sluts
deserve whatever they get. I had never consciously believed that - it had simply
been a fun idea for masturbation. But that day, when a real live slut was making
a real live proposition to make herself helpless in the form of being
blackmailed, my conscious mind broke. It began to believe what my subconscious
and what the stories had been telling me all along. She is a slut. She deserves
whatever she gets.

She probably thought she was talking about a one night stand. A bout of sex, and
a ride to school the next day. I had other plans. My plans actually didn't
include sex - I still, in a way, did not want to break every taboo in the book.
I didn't want to actually have sex with a sixteen year old. At that time, I
wished that to remain fantasy and not reality. My plans included plenty of other
things which would certainly turn me on very much, however. I said to her, "Yes,
I do know exactly what you mean. I want you to know you will probably be
surprised to find out what it actually means. But we have a deal."

Victoria made a sound. "Dad! Gross! What are you guys talking about!"

I got way ahead of myself. I wasn't thinking about sex - only about painful
activities which would express some of my fantasy. But my whole mind's attitude
was one of having power over young women because I had caught them in illicit
acts. I had learned to associate this with demanding semi-sexual favors from
these young women. For just a second, I forgot Victoria was my daughter, and
just thought of her as another slut not wearing a bra. "You shut up back there,
young lady," I said. "You're in on this too, unless you want to be kicked off
the squad. You hear me?"

Victoria yelled, "what the FUCK?!"

I made no reply. I let her think about the squad for a while.  As we were
exiting town, on the way to our isolated house in the boondocks, I realized
there probably wouldn't be too many cars coming the other way from this point
on. I had an idea which I knew would titilate me greatly. "Mackenzie."

"What."

"Pull your shirt up over your breasts. I want to see them. Actually, I want the
whole world to see them."  At that point, Mackenzie began to get an inkling of
what she had gotten herself into. I saw her roll her eyes a little bit. But she
did it. Her firm breasts and perky nipples were now fully exposed to god and
everyone. Of course no one saw - and if anyone did see a bearbreasted woman in a
fastmoving car, they surely thought twice about it and decided they were
hallucinating. I turned the AC on full blast, just to get a rise out of her
tits.

"Dad," came my daughter's voice from the back.

"That goes for you too, young lady." I said. It was easier than I had ever
thought it would be to sexually humiliate my daughter. Seeing her in a
see-through skirt and a shirt that was basically a bra allowed my brain to
easily sort of "forget" that she was my daughter and to reidentify her as one of
those "sluts" I had read so much about on the Internet. "Get that shirt, or
whatever you call it, over your breasts."

"No way."

I brought the car to a screeching stop, startling and scaring her. I turned
around and looked her in the eyes, saying, "did I not tell you that you had
better do as I say, or you will be off the squad, and grounded for the rest of
the school year?"

She stared me down for a few seconds. A car or two passed us. Finally, her gaze
broke with mine, she looked off to the side, and brought her hands up to her
breasts. She lifted the shirt over them, exposing them to the cold air and to
me.

"Now sit on your hands," I told her. She did so.

The rest of the drive was uneventful. I pulled into the driveway of our house.
Our house was on a large plot - we really had no neighbors to speak of who could
see us as we walked up the sidewalk toward our front door. So I had Mackenzie
and Victoria keep their shirts raised as they got out of the car and went into
the house. "Walk, don't run," I told them. Of course no one would really see
them, but I simply enjoyed watching their exposure and embarrasment.

When we went inside, I had them stand in front of the couch. "Ok, Mackenzie, 
you probably thought you were offering yourself for a good screw. I'm not going
to do that. That would be illegal and unethical." (Never mind the ethical
implications of forcing a fifteen and a sixteen year old girl to expose
themelves to whoever cared to take a close look. Never mind the fact that not
too many weeks from that day, the three of us would be involved in some
incredible s&m threesomes. I didn't know anything about that at the time I was
saying this.) "What I am going to demand from you is that you strip for me,
right now. You too, Victoria. I'm going to give the both of you a good, sound
spanking with my belt. Thirty licks sounds good. I want you both, after school
every day, dressed in a way similar to the slutty way you were dressed today,
standing in front of me so that I may administer to you both a spanking. This
will continue until I see fit to tell you your punishment for skipping school
and smoking is quite paid off. Do you understand?"

Victoria was beginning to cry. Mackenzie simply nodded, her mouth open a little,
I think in surprise. I looked at Mackenzie. "And I want to assure you that
spanking the both of you with my belt will give me plenty of sexual
gratification in exchange for my not fucking you. Understood?"

Mackenzie nodded again.

I began to take off my belt. "Well, what are you two waiting for? Take off your
clothes, put them on the floor right there." I motioned to a certain area.

Mackenzie pulled her halter top over her head. As she raised her arms, her
breasts were made that much more firm and youthful. At this point, it was all I
could do to keep myself from releasing my penis from its prison of pants and
fucking her in between her breasts. That's another perverted thing I really
enjoy fantasizing about, for some reason. But I kept myself under control. I
don't know why I bothered. It's not like I wouldn't have been thrown in jail for
years and years for what I was already doing.

After removing her shoes to reveal the rest of her exquisite feet, she
unbuttoned her shorts, slid them down her tall, milky legs. Then she removed her
underwear, and voila. She was naked.

My daughter was having a little trouble. After much consternation, she finally
removed her shirt. But she was quite reluctant to remove her skirt in front of
her father. "Cheerleading squad, missy," I said. And I popped her one on the
nipple with my belt. I was really getting into this.

She yelled out in pain, but I had gotten through. She removed her skirt,
revealing no underwear beneath it. To this day I have no clue why she and
Mackenzie were dressed so sluttily that day. I think they were simply
discovering how much power they can have over boys and men if they make
themselves, or seem to make themselves, available. But on that day, I was the
one with the power. Her coquettish nonwearing of undergarments simply added to
my excitement - and my excitement was set to add to her mental and physical
pain.

She took off her shoes, and I could see her whole tanned body clearly now for
the first time since she was a little girl. She was very beautiful. The pained
expression on her face only made her that much more beautiful. "You're first," I
said to her. Now she sobbed and turned around. Her longish curly black hair
played with her smooth back as she put her hands on the couch, exposing her butt
to me.

I stood next to her, and let go with the hardest slap I could muster with my
belt. I did not intend to afford any mercy. She jumped, but held her ground. I
let go again, aiming for the same place right in the center of her ass. Now she
grunted. And for the next twenty eight licks, she cried as hard as I have ever
heard anyone cry. It was pretty exciting, but actually kind of annoying.

It made me think of gags and other things - and that made me more excited. I
ranged my swings up and down her ass and legs, just like I had read about on the
internet. I would aim five or so at exactly the same place, causing sting to
build on sting. Then I would hit her in random places, so she would not know
what was coming next. Amazingly, she never jumped up too far or tried to block
my blows with her hands. I guess she had decided she had better go through with
this. Finally, almost with sadness, I reached number thirty. I really let her
have it, right in the middle of the back of her leg. She just moaned, and
finally fell to the floor crying and rubbing her backside.

"Get up and go stand next to Mackenzie." She did so, very slowly. I motioned for
Mackenzie to take her place. Mackenzie was shaking a little, visibly moved by
the pain of her best friend.

But she was the one who had gotten them into this mess, and apparently she meant
to see it through. She placed her hands firmly on the couch, and raised her ass
a little. She actually kind of looked experienced at this sort of thing. I guess
her parents spank her as a punishment, as well. I doubt they strip her, and I
doubt there are any hard-ons happening when they do. Then again, you never know.

I let go with thirty licks. She began yelling, "Ow! Ow!" at number seven. She
began almost screaming out at number thirteen. After number twenty, she was
simply crying, unable to sustain anything like a scream of pain. I teased her
ass in much the same way I had teased my daughter's - switching between random
targets, and then concentrating on one spot for several licks. I actually landed
all nine licks from number eleven to number twenty right in the center of the
lower portion of her ass. I could still see the blister several days later.

And again, sadly, I reached number thirty. I was beginning to wish I had told
them a bigger number. I fully intended on raising the number of licks slowly as
they continued to present me for punishment every day after school. But that was
all for that day. Victoria stood in place, whimpering, while Mackenzie lay on
the floor, writhing and rubbing her ass. I watched them for a few seconds,
amazed I had suddenly found myself able to be involved in such an experience as
this. I thanked the gods. Then I told the two of them to pick up their clothes
and go upstairs to Victoria's room. With a sneer, I added, "and think about what
you've done."

They ran, crying, up the stairs. A few hours later, I gave Mackenzie a ride
home. We were silent on the way there, me concentrating on a hard-on, her
concentrating on what she was going to tell her parents about why she had come
home so late and why she was dressed how she was. I dropped her off at her
driveway, and said not one word to her parents. I intended to keep my promise.




2. Disiplinary Measures

The thirty licks I had administered to each of them had been an incredible turn
on for me. But it was over too soon. I wished I had named a higher number,
forty, or even fifty. But at the time, those numbers seemed dangerously high.
But now, having seen how well my daughter's ass and Mackenzie's ass had taken
the whole thirty, I spent all night masturbating and trying to come up with ways
to increase the number of licks they were to recieve. It wouldn't have been
artful - wouldn't have been much of a turn-on - if I had simply announced that
the number of licks was going to be raised. For this to be a true fulfillment of
fantasy, for it to feel truly erotic and cruel, I needed to pretend I had
reasons to raise the swattage.

So I explained my intentions to my daughter the next morning as she was getting
ready for school. I told her to relay them to Mackenzie at school.

It was simple: for each infraction of my rules (which currently consisted simply
of my prescription for their dress when they arrived at my house each afternoon)
the number of licks they were to recieve would be permanently raised by five.
Furthermore, the number of licks for that particular day would be doubled.

Victoria looked down at her cereal bowl and nodded. I made sure to mention, once
again, the threat of being dropped from the cheerleading squad and her loss of
status in front of her friends. That, plus the simple fact that I was, in any
case, her father, and she had an instinct to do as I told her, kept her from
trying to report me to any kinds of authorities.

So the day went by, I came home from work, and eagerly anticipated their arrival
at my front door. Finally, the door opened while I was watching tv. Mackenzie
glared at me. Victoria looked around at the floor and walls. Mackenzie was
dressed in a sufficiently risque manner that day. She was wearing a tight black
one-piece which came possibly a sixth of the way down her thigh. It was
sleeveless, having two skinny straps from which to hang. She really knew what
she was doing - having artfully caused one to fall across her shoulder and down
her arm. The piece was very low-cut, baring her back, the tops of her breasts,
and the top of her ribcage on either side - which made plain the fact that she
was wearing no bra. (This was plain enough already from the visibility of her
hardened nipples.) Amazingly, (where did she find this number, anyway?) there
was a slit on one side, which rose high enough to reveal a lack of underwear on
her part. My penis was becoming large.

Victoria, however, was dressed in jeans and a sweater. Not very slutty.

"How dare you come in here dressed like that, young lady," I said with a smirk.

Victoria put on a pleading expression. "But dad, there was nowhere to change!

Everyone would have seen me!"

"No excuses. You know the rules. From now on, each of you will be recieving 35
licks instead of thirty."

Mackenzie yelled, "me?! Why me?"

"Whenever either of you breaks a rule, it will be five more for both of you. Got
it?"

"Fuck you," was her comment.

To which I replied, "make it forty, then. Or I could call your parents right now
and tell them all about your nasty little habit of smoking and skipping?"

Mackenzie, after a second, said, "shit." This I took to be an affirmative.

"Ok, Mackenzie," I said, "you get to go first. Forty licks, doubled, makes
eighty licks with the belt."

Mackenzie had stopped glaring at me, was now visibly frightened at what I was
about to do to her. She had already begun to tear up, and so had my daughter.

"Strip. Both of you."

Mackenzie slipped her one-piece off. My daughter, now beginning to wail, 
extracted herself from her ample clothing. Both were now exposed before me. As
before, I had turned the air conditioning way up. Something about chicks
suffering in the cold really turns me on. Mackenzie's teeth began to chatter as
I stared at my daughter, waiting for her to shut her mouth. "Quit your fucking
crying," I said to her a few times, until finally she was only sobbing
intermittantly.

I motioned for Mackenzie to "assume the position." Reluctantly, she did so.

"Eighty," I said as I reared back with my belt and began to hammer into her ass.

In my mind I had my doubts. I thought eighty might turn out to be too severe,
and I figured I'd probably have to end up letting them both off with only forty
or fifty.

Mackenzie held up remarkably well. I had gotten all the way up to thirty, and
had elicited only quiet grunts of pain. I could see her hands becoming whiter
and whiter, though, as she gripped the couch more and more tightly in an attempt
not to start jumping around like an idiot rubbing her ass.

By the time I got to forty, her butt was waving around and around, trying to
avoid the blows. Heroically, she continued to cling to the couch, not giving her
ass the satisfaction. She still was not crying, but each blow now brought a true
yell of agony.

Finally, at forty five, she broke. She began wailing and weeping, and at forty
six she jumped, grabbed her ass, and fell to the floor. "No, please, no more"
she said, barely intelligible. "I can't take this anymore. I'll do anything, 
anything you want! It just hurts to much!" I watched her roll around for a
minute or so, and listened to her cries and my daughter's wailing.

When she had quieted enough to be able to hear me, I said, "Now, you know I
should start over at zero for that and give you another eighty." Mackenzie let
loose with more crying. "But I will make you a deal. I will not start over - I
will continue starting at number forty seven - if you will agree to an
additional five licks each day from now on." Ironically, that added up to forty
five each day - the very number which had broken her on this occasion.

Mackenzie sobbed and sobbed, rubbing her bottom. "If you will not agree to that,
then I will simply start over and give you another eighty licks. Do you
understand?"

Mackenzie began to sit up on her knees. "Can I stand on my knees instead of my
feet?"

I understood - that would put her closer to the ground and make her less likely
to fall over and give up again in her struggles against my belt. "Yes, you may,"
I said.

She swallowed, hard. She then approached the couch once more and hugged its
cushions as hard as she could, grasping the wooden structure underneath with all
of her might.

Her bare ass, quickly reddening and even bluing in a couple of spots, waited my
handling. "Forty seven," I said, bringing the belt down for the final thirty
three swats. She screamed and cried the whole time. Out of a sort of mercy, I
aimed the belt at places I had not yet hit, so that the pain would not be as
severe and would not last as long. I ranged the top part of her ass, and then
ranged with the last twelve the upper half of her thighs. I discovered at that
point that whipping a chick's thighs turns me on even more than whipping her
ass.

Finally, I was finished with Mackenzie. I instructed her to stand up in a place
where I could watch her while I belted my daughter. I told her also to place her
hands behind her neck, so that she couldn't cover up her ass. It's stings were
to be exposed to the open air.

I explained that I did not want her feet to move until I was finished with
Victoria. So while I was spanking my daughter, I watched her friend wiggling her
body, especially her ass, in stinging agony, trying desperately to keep her feet
planted and her hands raised.

My daughter's tanned dark skin didn't redden as much as Mackenzie, but she began
writhing and screaming much sooner than Mackenzie had - around fifteen licks was
all it took. I ranged the licks all across her butt and her thighs.

I would spend some time concentrating on one particular spot for five or ten
licks or so, bringing her to the height of pain, and then move on to another
spot. She knew that dramatics would get her no where, as they had gotten
mackenzie nowhere, and amazingly, stayed put for the whole eighty.

It was over, again, too soon. But I had given them both their eighty, and was
about to cum even though nothing specifically sexual had happened to my penis.

I had Victoria and Mackenzie stand in two corners of the room, arms raised as I
had had Mackenzie do earlier. I told them not to move, and I went into the
bathroom and jacked right off.

I then went back into the living room. I suspect, from some barely percieved
movements, that they had cheated - had rubbed their asses with their hands.

But I let it go.

"Mackenzie, go upstairs and get dressed. Victoria, I need to talk to you."

Mackenzie gathered up her one-piece and ran upstairs crying. Victoria approached
me warily. I had her sit on the couch, and I sat across from her on the chair.

"Now, since you were disobedient today regarding your manner of dress, I am
going to lay down some ground rules as to what is acceptable. Since you felt
there was 'nowhere to change' I am going to have you go to school every day
dressed in the fashion I wish you to come home in. From now on, before you go to
school, I want you to show me what you are wearing, and I will tell you whether
it is acceptable or not."

Realizing the import of my words, that she would now have to go to school
dressed as a slut, she began to protest, "but dad!"

I cut her off. "You chose to disobey me. Now it is my turn to choose how best to
win back your obedience."

I continued, telling her the rules for what she had to wear to school. "You may
not wear more than four pieces of clothing." That would cover a top, a bottom,
and two shoes. "If you choose to wear a top and bottom set, I must be able to
see your belly button when you are standing normally. If you choose to wear a
onepiece, I must be able to see all of your shoulders and the top of your
ribcage." That was inspired by Mackenzie's amazing outfit. "Of course, since you
can only wear up to four pieces, no underwear or socks are to be worn. And your
shoes must be open at the toes, and may not cover more than half of the top of
your foot." I am a foot man, by the way. "Your clothes may not come down farther
than quarter-thigh. And your cleavage must be showing."

Victoria was crying again. "This is sick, dad. Why are you doing this?"

I decided brutal honesty would be fun at that point. "I haven't gotten any since
your mom died, and I am a sick, perverted, frustrated man. When I saw you
blatantly strutting around like a whore when you should have been in school,
that did it for me. I decided I would treat you the way some part of you seems
to want to be treated."

Then I corrected myself. "that's bullshit. I know you don't want to be treated
like this. But your disobedience that day gives me the opportunity to pretend
it's ok to do this shit to you. And that's just the way it's going to be.  After
all, I can make your social life a living hell if you don't cooperate. I can get
you suspended from school, kicked off the team. I can take you away from all of
your friends and have you sent to a military school. Or worse.

And plus, it's not like I'm fucking you or anything." (Little did I know what
was to come!)

"Sick, dad," she said.

"Yes, I know," was my reply. "One more rule. Your lips are quite round and
sensuous. I like that - it makes me think of oral sex. So please, from now on, 
make sure to select lipstick which accentuates the juiciness yet demureness of
your lips. Now go on upstairs."

"Fine," she said, an interesting and determined look on her face.

I called out to her as she went up the stairs, "I'll take you shopping later
today, if you know what I mean."




3. Upping the Ante

So this continued through the month of september. I managed to raise the number
of licks to fifty each every afternoon in that time.

A pleasurable side effect of my new rules regarding Victoria's clothing was the
fact that she was now blatantly breaking every dress-code rule in the book at
her school. The first day, her principal called me at work and explained the
situation. I asked him what punishment in the handbook called for. "Well," he
said, "since she is breaking so many rules, the punishment called for would be
rather severe. That's why I called you first - the handbook calls for twenty
swats."

"What do you use to administer the spanking?" I asked.

"We have a yardstick made of metal which we use. It is quite effective for its
purpose. I needed to make sure we have your permission for this, or do we simply
need to suspend her and send her home?"

"Oh, no, that's quite all right. Administer the spanking as called for in the
handbook."

There was a pause. "Sir, twenty swats with a metal yardstick - it could damage
her."

Little did he know she was enduring fifty every day anyway. I got an idea,
though. "Well, sir," I said, "be creative. The handbook doesn't specify you have
to hit her in the ass, does it?"

He could be heard to swallow at the other end. "No, I suppose not."

"Well, hit her somewhere else then. The front of her legs should be pretty
sensitive. Hell, instead of exposing her ass, why don't you expose her breasts
and hit her there?"

There was a long, long pause. The principal could be heard to swallow. "Er, 
very well sir. I think I understand."

"I thought you would!" I said. "Now, I need to get back to work."

"Yes sir. Thank you sir."

"For what?" I asked, grinning.

The principal caught himself. "Er, I mean, thank you for your time, sir."

I thought about saying, "no, you meant 'thank you for letting me spank your
daughter's breasts.' But I decided not to be so mean." I just hung up.

That day, she came home with ten marks on her ass and ten on the front of her
legs. He had not been brave enough to ask her to expose her breasts to him that
day. But since she went to school breaking the rules every single day, it didn't
take long before he began to venture on up there. Within the month, I found that
Victoria was coming home with stripes across her ass, the front of her legs, her
breasts, her stomach, the inside of her legs, and even her pubic area! I made a
note to myself to remember that I had a whole lot of dirt on that guy now.

One day, toward the end of that month, it turned out to be very cold. I enjoyed
sending my daughter off to school that day without a jacket, with a very loose
fitting shirt which allowed the cold 20 mph winds to blow right through and
across her breasts. The skirt she wore was constantly in danger of exposing her
pubic area. She was shivering already when she got to the bus stop - both from
the cold and from embarrassment.

I got an evil idea while waiting for her and Mackenzie to arrive that afternoon.
I told you earlier that something about vulnerable chicks in an uncomfortably
cold environment thoroughly gets me going. I realized the weather that day would
be perfect for making some especially humiliating plans for my daughter and her
friend.

When Victoria and Mackenzie came to the house, they had to knock, because I had
locked both bolts. Victoria was unable to unlock the door from the outside. I
opened the door, and took in the sight of these two healthy young girls waiting
obediently for me to take out my aggression on them one more time. Mackenzie was
wearing jeans-shorts which left the bottom of her ass exposed, a green checkered
shirt which covered only her breasts, and tied in the front instead of
buttoning, and a pair of tennis shoes. And nothing else. My daughter was wearing
the aforementioned loose white button-down and schoolgirl type plad miniskirt,
as well as a pair of heels and nothing else. Both of their sets of nipples were
quite erect in the cold, and both were shivering. Mackenzie had a jacket in her
hands, but had (intelligently) removed it before allowing me to see her.

I stared at them for a second, then while they were waiting, expecting to be let
in, I told them, "strip."

"What?" they both said, looking at each other wide-eyed.

"Come on, nobody will see you this far out in the boonies. Probably!" I said. It
was true - we lived far away from the city, our house well removed from the
street. A car passing by would have had to have been looking pretty hard to spot
a couple of naked females on my porch. Of course, we all know how hard wandering
male eyes can manage to involuntarily look for such things.

"Come on," I said, when they did not obey. "That's five more licks. Get
undressed or I'll make it ten."

By now it was habit. It was part of their daily routine to come home, get
spanked, cry a bunch, and get on with their day. Mackenzie was scared of what I
could do to her reputation and school career if she disobeyed, and Victoria was
frightened, had even been sort of broken, by what I had done to her reputation
by making her change her style of dress. She was still on the squad, and she was
able to pass off her new style as her own way of being anti-authoritarian. But
her cheerleader friends, still nice to her faces, still inviting her to parties,
nevertheless quite obviously were beginning to hate her for being so slutty
looking. The past month's events had gone by so fast that Victoria didn't know
what else to do but accept my demands and live her life as well as she could. We
had set up a nice routine, and breaking it seemed to hardly occur to them by
this time.

So, at my command, they stripped, right there on my porch, in below freezing
weather. First their shoes, causing their feet to come in direct contact with
the freezing cement. Both of them vaguely hopped from one foot to the other as
they removed their shirts and skirts, exposing their tits and asses to the cold.

I had an admittedly weird impulse. I told them, "ok, what I want you to do now
is, run out into the yard, and spin around and around in circles." They looked
at me funny. I would have looked at myself funny too, were that physically
possible. "Go on, spin around as fast as you can, til I tell you to stop. And
run, don't walk!."

They were reluctant. Drivers going by would much more likely spot to naked
spinning females in my yard than two naked females simply standing on the porch.
But, again, their habit was now to obey. They turned and ran like a couple of
crazy forest women. Once in the yard, they began spinning around in circles.

I laughed and laughed, both at them and at myself for making them do that. But
believe it or not, it was an enjoyable sight! Their breasts were bounced around,
thrust out by centrifugal force. They were jumping up and down in an attempt to
spin around, their legs separated by the motion. A car did drive by, but did not
slow down or honk or anything, so apparently it didn't notice anything - which
is just as well. We do live in a relatively small town after all.

Finally, I told them, "ok, you can come back in. But you have to walk here
through the driveway, not on the grass. Go at least to that tenth fencepost."

They walked toward the driveway, reluctantly and dizzily. Our driveway is made
of large pieces of gravel. The combination of cold and gravel was going to be
torture on their feet. And as it turned out, their dizziness caused them to
loose their footing a few times, forcing them to stomp down hard on the gravel.
Victoria had tears in her eyes by the time she made it back to the doorway.
Mackenzie was more careful, and arrived a half a minute behind Victoria. She
just looked frustrated and annoyed. Her cheeks were ruddy from the cold.
Victoria was now shivering uncontrollably.

"Pick up your clothes and come in," told them.

I led them through the living room. I explained as I did so, "Today, and on many
future days, we will have the spankings in a different location. Not in the
nice, cozy, warm living room." Victoria knew where I was leading them. "Dad, no!
Not the garage!"

But yes, it was the garage I was leading them to. I bade them enter, still
naked, and told them to stand with their hands behind their necks, feet spread
apart, which they did. "You will each be receiving 50 licks today, plus the
additional five because of your resistance at the doorstep." The girls did not
move. "Victoria, you first, today. Please put your hands against the wall."

I saw Mackenzie was standing first on one foot, then on the other, trying to
relive the pain of the cold cement of the garage floor. "Mackenzie, I do not
want to see your feet move from their spots. That will be an additional five for
each of you every time they do." Mackenzie planted her feet down, and grimaced
in pain.

I could see that Victoria had been spanked by her principal today all over. Her
breasts, the front of her pubic area, and her legs were covered with faint
marks, as well as her ass and the inside of her legs. He was now, I was aware,
giving her thirty five licks every day - five each on her ass, the backs of her
legs, her breasts, the pubic portion of her navel, the fronts of her legs, and
the insides of each of her legs. On days when he could find an excuse, he also
spanked her stomach if she was wearing a one piece that covered the area.

She placed her hands against the wall, and I let go with my belt. The
temperature, below freezing, magnified the pain of these swats immensely.
Victoria, even though she had begun to get used to the pain of the spankings,
immediately yelped at the first swat. She began jumping up and down and waving
her butt around at number five, at which point I admonished her to be still. I
told her to spread her legs farther, that would help her center of gravity. She
did so, placing her feet about three or four feet apart. This allowed me to make
the belt sometimes bend up and slap the inside of her left leg, which was fine
by me. I ended up giving her sixty hard swats to her ass and legs, since I saw
Mackenzie move her feet once.

While Victoria sobbed afterwards, I told her to lay down face down, her arms and
legs spread, the weight of her upper body lying on her tits, which would in turn
be lying directly on the floor. Still crying, she did so. She remained there for
the whole time I was administering Mackenzie's sixty licks. She, too, had to
spread her legs far apart in order to maintain balance. It was really a
beautiful thing, watching her beautiful white flesh and her scared mind fight
with each over for control of her body movements.

Again, I ordered them to pick up their clothes. I sent them up to Victoria's
room to recover and dress while I jacked off in the bathroom.




4. Caught again!

I was beginning to wonder what kept Mackenzie coming to my house. I was swatting
her ass an average of fifty five times a day now, and it didn't seem to me that
maintaining her Honor's status could possibly be as important to her as it would
be to escape this daily torment and to tell someone what I was doing. Wouldn't
it be more rewarding for her to see me embarrassed in front of the world and
sent to jail and raped in the ass, than for her to maintain some kind of grade
point average?

That my daughter kept coming for more I could more easily understand - as I
pointed out before, I was, after all, her father. And I had brought on this on
her so fast, and so radically changed the course of her school and home life,
that resistance probably barely crossed her mind. It just became a part of the
regular course of her day - that she was methodically and cruelly abused by her
father and by the school authorities, and made to embarrass herself in front of
the public at school. It was the new "normal" for her.

But could this explain Mackenzie's behaviour?

And as I was thinking about these things, I confess, I started to feel bad. It
had been several months, after all, and I probably was going to reach the limit
of what I could do without getting in trouble pretty soon. And it was very easy
to argue that they had suffered all they needed to according to the nature of
their infraction.

I'm just being an old pervert, I thought to myself, and I probably need to stop.
I can get my kicks on the internet, like I used to. And maybe I'll find a nice
young girl with low self esteem who will come live with me and let me do what I
want. That's what I keep reading on the net.

So I headed up the stairs to my daughter's room, intending to tell her that
their punishment was over, that they no longer needed to come to the house every
day after school to present themselves. I would still spank Victoria when she
did something wrong, of course, and very severely. But there would be no more
every day spankings, and I would only make her dress sluttily when she had been
bad.

I entered her room without knocking. "Victoria," I began, but I stopped to stare
at the show that was being presented before my eyes. Now I understood why
Mackenzie kept coming despite the ridiculous torment of her situation.

My daughter and Mackenzie were apparently lovers. My daughter had a white button
down shirt on, unbuttoned, and she was laying on her back on the bed, her legs
hanging off the edge. Mackenzie had shorts on, and nothing else. She was
kneeling in front of Victoria's legs, and her mouth was pressed against
Victoria's clit. Mackenzie was eating her out, her hand occupied rubbing her own
crotch. And Victoria was rubbing and pinching her own nipples.

At the sound of my voice they jumped up, shocked and incredibly embarrassed.
Victoria covered herself up as best she could with her shirt, while Mackenzie
pressed her breasts against the bed and looked back at me with fear in her eyes.

Barely missing a beat, I said, "oh, no, continue about your business. I'll just
watch." I grinned.

"Dad," Victoria began to protest.

I interrupted, saying, "do you know how much pain you're going to experience in
the future if you don't do as I say right now?"

Their asses and legs were still red from their beating. I knew they could still
feel it. I told Victoria, "lay back down like you were, spread your shirt out.
Put your feet on the floor." Reluctantly, blushing, she did so. "Mackenzie," I
said, "do what you were doing before. And don't stop til she comes."

"Dad!" Victoria protested again.

"I want to see you come, Victoria. Keep rubbing your nipples like you were
doing. Mackenzie, you keep rubbing yourself, too. I want to see Victoria have an
orgasm, and then I want to see yall seriously kiss and make out."

Mackenzie made hesitating motions with her mouth, so I encouraged her by coming
up behind her and shoving her face into my daughter's crotch. She got the
message, and began eating Victoria out as she had been before.

My daughter began heaving and moaning despite herself. She closed her eyes, so
she wouldn't have to see me watching. I watched her pinch her own nipples,
pretty damn hard. Her feet left the floor and she grasped Mackenzie's head with
her legs, almost putting her in a kind of chokehold. Mackenzie reached her hand
inside her unzipped shorts, and rubbed her own clitoris directly.

Finally, my daughter's face screwed up as if in concentration, and her whole
body began to go red and splotchy. I knew she was having an orgasm, and
apparently, a pretty good one. She began moaning loudly, all the more loudly
because she was trying to keep herself from making any noise at all in front of
me.

It went on for a while before Mackenzie finally started to push on Victoria's
legs, signaling that she was finding it difficult to breathe. Victoria's legs
fell back to the floor and Mackenzie caught her breath. "Ok, go to it," I said.
"Lets see you two kiss and make out."

Mackenzie obediently climbed up on the bed on top of Victoria, and they were
surprisingly willing to go ahead with the kissing. They were thrusting their
tongues deeply into each other's mouths and throats, and it looked like they had
basically forgotten I was there. Mackenzie climbed onto one of Victoria's legs,
and positioned herself so that as she rubbed her vagina against Victoria's
thigh, her own thigh would rub Victoria's vagina. Now they were making love,
kissing each other's necks and breasts, using their hands to grab each other's
flesh.

I noticed myself stroking my own cock through my pants. I stopped for a second,
then thought what the hell and kept going. I watched them come to a second and
third orgasm before I finally just had to go get myself off.

I reminded them of my presence, saying out loud, "thank you for the show,
ladies. I will see you tomorrow afternoon after school." They both jumped,
startled, almost like they really had forgotten I was there. Mackenzie ceased
her humping motion, and fell limply on top of my daughter, discouraged.

I went to the bathroom and jacked off. This lesbian-show angle was going to
enhance our after-school activities quite a bit, and I couldn't wait to try out
some new tricks.




5. Real Torture comes from the Heart

The next day I was very very cruel.

I came to the door when they knocked, and made them strip once again out in the
cold. My daughter was wearing a t-shirt made of very thin, vaguely see-thru
material, which I had literally cut off just at the breast line. Her skirt was
made of denim, dyed red, and came down about a fifth of the way down the thigh,
and she was wearing a pair of tennis shoes. I had told her to wear them, even
though it technically broke the rule I had set for her regarding shoes, but
somehow in such an exposing outfit, tennis shoes without socks seemed so sexy.
And I forbade her to tie their laces. That one just came to me.

Mackenzie was wearing a very simple affair - something any modern girl might
wear, actually, but it was quite sexual nonetheless. It was a simple t-shirt and
shorts affair, with the t-shirt just barely failing to reach the waistline. She
was wearing no socks, and a pair of ridiculous high-heels. They made her walk in
an awkward but inviting way. Mackenzie really knew how to dress.

This time I made them strip each other. Before they could come inside, they had
to take turns removing a piece of clothing from the other's body. When Victoria
exposed Mackenzie's breasts to the cold air, I told her to kiss Mackenzie's
erect nipples, and to lick them, while unbuttoning her shorts. Once the shorts
had been removed, I bade Mackenzie do the same to my daughter's nipples as she
exposed them and then removed her skirt. Finally they were both nude, standing
on my porch, and I allowed them into the house.

"Ok, you two have been engaging in lesbian sexual activities. That in itself
deserves a penalty - I did not raise my daughter to be a dyke, and do not intend
her friends to be either. For this, as with all violations, you will receive
five more swats every day. Since both of you participated, it will be ten. Since
neither of you told me, that will be another ten. And since Victoria protested
against my directions yesterday afternoon, that makes another ten. From now on,
each of you will be receiving eighty swats. And as always when violations occur,
that number will be doubled today, for a grand total of 160 swats each."

They were used to this treatment by now, and did not act particularly phased.
But I could see nervousness in their eyes. "That is too many to hit you in one
place. I am going to spread them out over various parts of your body."

My daughter began to blush all over. Mackenzie, however, was still unfazed. She
seemed to know already where this was heading.

"Let's see. We'll do forty on the ass, forty on the back of the legs, thirty on
your breasts and stomachs, thirty on the front of your legs, and the last twenty
on the inside of your thighs.

As was so often the case, my daughter began to wail and her lover simply rolled
her eyes in anger.

"Victoria, you will go first. Kneel in front of the couch," I commanded. She did
so as slowly as she could, so I popped her a good one on the left buttcheek.
"Faster!" I shot as she yelped and dropped to her knees.

"A hundred and sixty swats each is going to tire my arm out too much. So
Mackenzie, I want you to take this belt, and administer the spanking with me.
I'll use this extension cord I brought for this very purpose." I had set an
extension cord down on the coffee table, and now I picked it up. It was small,
only about three or four millimeters thick, but being made of rubber, it was
sure to be multiple times as painful as my belt had ever been. "You and I will
trade swats, Mackenzie. I'll take a shot, then you will, and so on. If I am not
satisfied with the force behind your swats, it won't count. Ok, are you ready,?"

"Mackenzie looked away and nodded."

Cruelly, I asked my daughter as well, "are you ready, Victoria?"

The only sound was sobbing. So I took the extension cord, doubled and tripled it
up, and slapped her ass silly.

Victoria screamed.

She screamed very loudly, and her hands immediately shot up to block her ass off
from any future blows. She fell over to the side and writhed on the floor,
wailing and moaning. It amazed me how much prettier her face became in the
throes of emotional and physical torment.

"Get back up!" I commanded. "That is going to cost you big time." I happened to
see that Mackenzie was beginning to cry as well, which was unusual so early in
the game. I guess seeing her lover so broken was getting to her as well.

Victoria continued her tantrum. I kneeled down next to her and grabbed one of
her nipples, pulling upwards and twisting. I grabbed her by the hair, and
pulling and twisting on nipples and hair as hard as I could, I forced her back
into position, kneeling over the couch. I leaned on her, putting my weight on
her so she couldn't move. "Do not move" I growled into her ear. "Understand?"

After a few moments, she calmed down. "Understand?" I asked again.

As meekly and quietly as possible, she nodded her assent.

"All right," I said, and got up. "Mackenzie, you go ahead and start. Hit her ten
times on the ass, then I'll hit her ten times. We'll take turns like that, ok?"

I heard a loud sob, this time from Mackenzie. Surprised, I looked up at her. She
was openly crying. "Did you hear me?" I asked threateningly.

She nodded, and wailed, "yes..."

"Ok, then, have at it. Make them count."

Victoria called out from her position hugging the couch cushions, her voice
still crying as before, "it's ok, Mackenzie, go ahead. You have to."

"I'm sorry," said Mackenzie, and reluctantly, she raised the belt and brought it
down on my daughter's ass. She took me seriously - she didn't seem to be holding
back.

Victoria jumped, and said, "ow!"

Mackenzie paused, looking back and forth between me and my daughter. "Go on," I
said.

Victoria called out, too, though it was apparent she was speaking between teeth
clenched in pain, "don't worry, Mackenzie, just keep going til it's over with."

Mackenzie hit her a second and a third time, leaving nice red stripes on her
lover's ass. At number four, Victoria began squeezing deeper into the couch's
cushions, sort of hugging them in a desperate attempt to keep from jumping up
and incurring my wrath. Mackenzie hit her a fifth time and sixth time in rapid
succession, but the crack of the belt was noticeably quieter those times.
"Ahem," I said. "I've seen how hard you can hit that thing. No holding back.
Start over at five."

Mackenzie characteristically rolled her eyes. Now she was stuck. Stupidly, she
had revealed her strength on the first blow, too late thinking she could fool me
into thinking she couldn't hit very hard. Now I knew, and I wasn't going to let
her get away with anything. She apparently decided the best thing was to get it
over as fast as possible, and she delivered blows five through ten rapidly, with
a second or less between each swat. On eight, Victoria yelped. On nine, she
yelled out, the yell continuing all the way through ten, with an increase in
volume at the point that number ten cracked across her ass. Afterwards, she was
almost squealing into the cushions, but she recovered quickly.

I knew as I approached with the cord that this was going to be the worst pain
she had ever felt in her life. Her ass had been primed up, sensitized, by
Mackenzie's treatment. Now the stinging swipes of my thin electric cord were
sure to make her scream. I was glad our house was so isolated from others in the
area. She began squealing from the first of my ten licks, her ass wiggling this
way and that. Her body was trying all kinds of positions in an attempt to suffer
as little pain as possible - sometimes her legs were held tightly together,
laying across the floor, and sometimes her knees were widely spread, as she
humped back and forth in a vaguely sexual manner, trying to avoid my blows
without looking like she was trying to avoid them.

Finally, my ten were up, and Mackenzie took her turn again. She was, of course,
not as powerful as me, so Victoria's yelps of pain weren't so dramatic this
time. She just cried steadily.

I finished the last of my ten ass-swats as cruelly as I could, and started
immediately on the backs of her legs. By now Victoria was truly squealing as she
writhed in agony. I started at the bottom of her ass and ranged down to almost
her knee, watching as my cord left red marks on her leg at regular intervals. I
then indicated it was Mackenzie's turn, and she obediently slapped Victoria's
legs with her belt. My daughter was heaving up and down as she cried in agony.
My second set I aimed all at the same place, right across the very middle of the
back of her thighs. She couldn't take this, and at number 5, her hands finally
jerked back to protect her leg from my blows.

I stopped, and said, "you know what that means."

My daughter and Mackenzie both moaned in mental anguish. "Under normal
circumstances, both of your daily licks would be increased to 85, and today's
increased to 360. But I do think 360 is too severe, and frankly, I think my arm
would become too tired. So here's what I'm going to do. I am going to simply
increase each of your daily licks by 20 - to 100 a day. And to help you keep
yourself from disobeying during the rest of this spanking and during future
spankings, I will restrain your hands so that they are unable to move. Ok?"

Facing away from me, sobbing, my daughter nodded. I took the cord I had been
spanking her with and wrapped it around her wrists. I then tied it to the boards
that made up the back of the couch she was laying against. The rest of the cord
I wrapped around her knees and tied to the bottom of the couch, so that however
she moved, her ass and legs would be exposed. Then I took the belt from
Mackenzie, and gave my daughter the remaining 20 licks on the back of her legs.

Now it was time to spank my daughter's front side. I untied her from the couch,
but kept her wrists and knees tied. While she shook and sobbed, I guided her to
the coffee table, and laid her on its cold surface on her back. I raised her
arms over her head and tied her wrists to one of the legs, and did the same with
her knees. I then handed the belt to Mackenzie. "You go first," I said. "10 on
the front of her legs."

My daughter's legs and breasts were already striped from whatever treatment she
was receiving at the hands of her principal. Mackenzie's slaps added dark, wide
stripes to the thin, light memories of other recent punishments. My daughter's
eyes were tightly shut as she accepted her punishment with tortured cries.

We finished with her legs and then each hit her fifteen times on the breasts.
Mackenzie aimed only for the tops and bottoms of them, so I hit my daughter
fifteen times right on the nipples. She groaned and her face screwed up in a
tight grimace, unable to believe I could pack so much pain into the snap of a
belt.

And finally came the hard part. 20 hits on the inside of her legs. I had her lay
on the floor, legs raised and spread over the coffee table. I tied each knee to
a leg, causing her lower half to be tilted up and spread open. Victoria's legs
were wonderfully dark and muscular, her vagina beautifully tight. I had no more
cord so I made Mackenzie hold my daughter's hands above her head, pushed tightly
onto the floor. As Victoria began shouting, "No! No!" I slammed my belt into her
inner thigh, right above her vagina. She jumped hard, but Mackenzie dutifully
held her fast, crying, "I'm sorry! I'm so sorry!" I hit her ten times on each
leg, ranging from mid-thigh down almost to her lips. Victoria was strangely
silent, though her face evidence excruciating pain. Then, after it was all over,
she let go and began bawling, rubbing her breasts and legs and ass, hoping the
pain would go away. I let her cry for a minute or so while I untied her. Then I
looked at her lover Mackenzie, and gestured with the cord toward the couch.
"Your turn," I said, "let's go. Victoria, you're going to help, just like she
did."

"Fuck you" said Victoria, as Mackenzie fatalistically walked over to the couch.

I approached Mackenzie with the cord, replying to my daughter, "not yet."

And then we made her lover scream.




6. Fun fun fun for everyone.

I had actually been joking, after a fashion. It was not my intention to fuck my
daughter or her lover. But in any case, it was clear that nonconsentual bondage
and torture were going to be facts of life for both of them, so I decided to do
it right. I went to a supply shop and bought all kinds of stuff - whips,
restraints, dildoes, strap ons, etc.

I generally made them put on a sex-show for me before and/or after our
"spankings." I often made them kiss and make out naked on the porch before I
would let them in the house. Sometimes, when I felt reckless, I didn't allow
them in until one had made the other cum.

We played games. I would have them sixty-nine, and whoever came first had her
punishment doubled while the other's punishment was halved. Or I would
alternatively whip one and then the other, (on ass, breasts, or pussy, according
to my mood) and whoever screamed first had to submit to being fucked (in mouth,
ass, or pussy, depending on my mood) by a giant strap on until the other came. I
got pretty good at spotting fakes. Or I would, while whipping one of them, make
the other wait in some painful position. For example, I would sometimes have
them wait for their turn standing on one foot, the other being held up by the
big-toe, in turn being held up by the teeth, while their hands were cuffed
behind their back. If they dropped their foot, I would double their punishment
or something. This really hurt them - sometimes they started to bleed. They
almost never made it all the way through.

Once I jacked off several times during the day and saved up my cum in a cup.
That day I whipped them both on the nipples, and the first one to make a move to
protect herself with her hands had to drink the whole cup. They were used to
being restrained for a nipple-whipping, so it didn't take long for my daughter's
hands to jerk up to her breasts.

Bottoms up.

After that I made my semen a frequent feature of our play. I would make them
hold my cum in their mouths while they kissed each other deeply, or I would pour
it over one of their faces or one of their bosoms and have the other lick it
clean.

Sometimes, I would have them fingering or licking each other's clits while I
administered their spankings. Whipping the ass and legs of one who is
sixty-nining her girlfriend is truly wonderful - especially if she or her
girlfriend is your own daughter. Or I would whip one's breasts while the other
ate her out. Or I'd whip one's ass while she fucked the other ass with a huge
strap-on dildo.

There were new rules. Neither was allowed to cover herself in any way in the
house. They had to be nude, of course, before they could come into the house.
And in the morning, my daughter had to get dressed for school on the front
porch. She was not allowed to dry herself after her showers, since this would
entail covering herself with a towel, so she had to go out in the freezing cold
with her skin wet, making her clothes soaked when she put them on, and she had
to go to school with her hair soaking wet as well, which I am sure did wonderful
things for the imaginations of her little boy friends. The sheets were removed
from her bed permanently and the heat turned off at night. She had to cook me a
nice greasy breakfast every morning, and dinner at night if we didn't go out.
Greasy because I liked the taste and because she was guaranteed to get splashed
by the sputtering cooking oil several times per meal. If we went out, she had to
hold dildos in her ass or vagina or both, and she had to flash people her
breasts, ass, or pussy on command. Whether we ate at home or at a restaurant,
she had to pour at least a half-ounce of my cum over her food. Mackenzie, also
followed these rules when she ate with us or went out with us. They also had to
publicly French-kiss. They had to do it spontaneously, without my telling them.
And they had to occasionally stroke each others thighs or breasts, very casually
but very publicly. If we ordered out, they had to answer the door, of course.
Nude, of course.

The local delivery boys were thrilled to hear of the new nudists in town. The
local delivery girls for the most part refused to come to our house, which was
just as well.

So anyway, one day, I was on my way to bed, and passed my daughter's bedroom.
She was laying in a ball, shivering and crying softly, which encouraged tender
feelings for her in my emotional centers. I went into her room and she looked at
me, afraid.

Just so you'll know, this is not the part of the story where I finally fuck my
own torture-slut daughter. That's later.

What I did was, I approached her and softly took her feet by the ankles. She
continued to cry while I beheld her beautiful feet for a while. I stroked them
and massaged them. I then lifted them up, and using two pairs of handcuffs I had
lain on her chest-of-drawers some days earlier, I attatched one foot to each
side of the bed, so that her legs were raised and her feet exposed.

I guess my tender feelings touched some old fatherly memory, because the next
thing I did was, I began to tickle her feet. I had read this in the stories,
too, but had never understood the fascination until now. While I softly stroked
the bottoms of her feet, touching her gently, almost tenderly, she began to
wiggle, and then to writhe, as badly as she did during her worst spankings and
whippings. She even gruntd, and her face screwed up in a desperate attempt to
keep herself from telling me to stop. She wasn't laughing, that was for sure. I
began to get an erection watching her move so invitingly, in such obvious
embarrassment and a new kind of torment. And me hardly having to do any work.
After a long time of this, during which she finally began to cry openly and to
wail, "why, Dad? Please stop, Dad!" I began to kiss the bottoms of her feet, and
to run my tongue up and down thin. Her spread vagina was in my line of sight,
and I knew what I had to do.

It was a little uncomfortable, with the bedposts in the way, but I was
determined. I kissed, sucked, and gently bit my way down her legs, up to her
vagina. And then I licked her pussy-lips. She telegraphed her shock at the
sudden warmth and sexual pleasure with a sharp intake of breath. Her legs were
still restrained apart, so her reflexive, helpless attempts to close her legs
only increased my sudden eagerness. I penetrated her with my tongue, which made
her gasp and moan out loud, and I found her clitoris. I tongued it, sucked it,
chewed it a bit, and tongued it a bit more. I idly wondered if I was any match
for her bitch lover, but didn't really care. I just wanted to have this much
more power over my daughter - the power to make her cum.

When I wanted, not when she wanted. I felt her beginning to clench up tightly,
and I eased back, not yet allowing her to orgasm. When I felt her relax and sigh
in frustration I began with renewed vigor, bringing her again to the brink and
then stopping. Her whole body was now shaking uncontrollably as her pelvis
fought to get nearer my tongue and her mind fought against it. I toyed with her
five or six times, and then finally, I whole-heartedly ate her out until she
tensed up and her back arched and she came. And then I kept going, digging my
fingernails into her legs and her ass, keeping her orgasm going for a long long
time. It felt so good she was screaming. I reached up and pinched her nipple as
hard as I could, maintaining her clitoris's ecstatic tongue lashing. She bounced
up and down, up and down, her fists clenching the sides of her mattress tightly,
as she moaned and yelled in pleasure and pain.

And finally after a long long time, I stopped. I kissed her legs, and her tummy,
and each of her nipples. And then I got up off the bed and left her there, naked
on her cold bed, her feet cuffed to the bedposts, and went to bed.

And a week or so later, finally...




7. "Daddy's Little Girl" again.

I had Mackenzie and Victoria in the basement for our daily shenanigans. There
were manacles on the walls of the basement now, and sawhorses and tables and
whips and clips. All that kind of stuff. I had Mackenzie manacled, spread-eagle,
to the wall, a strap on attached to her waist. Victoria was in front of her, on
hands and knees, her mouth on the strap on. She was to make Mackenzie cum by
sucking her false dick, and until she did so, I was whipping mackenzie's tummy,
breasts and nipples. It was very difficult, of course, to make Mackenzie cum
while she was in so much pain, but Victoria's real problem was that however long
it took her to make her lover cum, I had informed her I would spend twice as
long whipping her legs inside and out while Mackenzie sat on her face.

We were nearing the half-hour mark and Victoria (and Mackenzie) were getting
desperate.

I myself happened to be naked that evening, having jacked off in front of them a
while previously, in order to retrive some semen for them to rub into and the
lick off of each other's bodies. I was standing, penis erect, next to my
daughter's head while she moved her mouth up and down over her lover's false
penis. This was the best place to stand to get a good angel on Mackenzie's
tormented tits.

While I was whipping her, my penis would occasionally brush against my
daughter's hair, and twitch. It felt so good, stealing these bits of penis
pleasure, that I began timing my blows so that my penis came closest to my
daughter at the top of her dick-sucking cycle, so it touched every time I landed
a lick on Mackenzie's body.

After half an hour of this I was almost ready to cum, just from the light
stimulation, the S&M, and the realization that it was my fucking daughter who
was causing me to feel this way.

And finally, I broke. I was on the upswing of another blow, when my penis again
touched her hair, and I simply dropped the whip and grabbed my daughter's head.
Without a word I twisted her face to face me and shoved my dick inside her
mouth. She knew enough not to struggle too mightily, but she did twitch quite a
bit as she fought her own instinct to pull away. I wasn't really even thinking
of the fact that I now had my dick in my daughter's mouth, I just wanted to cum,
and this particular bitch's mouth was the nearest depository for my penis. I
watched Mackenzie go limp as she recovered from the punishment I had been
administering, the the sight of her tears and helplessness only increased the
vigourousness with which I was now fucking my daughter's mouth. I had her by the
hair, and gave her no quarter, shoving my cock in all the way. A good little
girl, she moaned and gagged but did not bite. Without regard for her feelings or
comfort I hammered in and out for what seemed like several minutes, watching
Mackenzie's sobs and my daughter's ass-jiggling attempts to struggle without
struggling. I could feel that I was past her palatte and well into her throat,
and finally, I felt it coming. I shoved my daughter's face into my crotch all
the way to my balls and held her their, seeing her twitch as she found herself
unable to breathe. I kept her there, keeping myself on the brink of orgasm until
I began to feel her go limp. Then with a slight release of pressure and then a
sudden jamming of my organ deep into her esophagus, I finally came, powerfully,
into her body. I kept her jammed into my crotch as I squirted ounces of cum into
her, but my slight release of pressure as I had prepared to finally cum had
allowed her enough oxygen to be able to consciously experience the entirety of
the process of my semen entering into her via the mouth.

It was finally over and I eased her off of my penis. She remained on her hands
and knees, coughing and shaking all over with humiliation and weakness.

I didn't give her much time to recover. I grabbed her hair and put her mouth
right back onto Mackenzie's dildo, and grabbed the paddle I had recently bought.
The one with holes in it. While Victoria continued to suck Mackenzie's false
member, and Mackenzie again began moaning with forbidden pleasure, I slammed the
paddle mercilessly into my daughter's ass, as hard as I could. I must have hit
her at least fifty or sixty times. Her ass went past red and into the realm of
purple. Victoria was no longer trying to make Mackenzie cum - she was just
holding on to the dildo for dear life with her teeth, knowing I would do
something even worse if she dared let go. Her wild agonized gyrations of pain in
turn transferred a back and forth rubbing motion to the dildo, and hence,
Mackenzie ended up cumming multiple times, getting off directly as a result of
her girlfriend's torment.

I was in a frenzy of lust, and having gone this far, I wasn't about to stop.

I finally put the paddle down, and bade my daughter to remove her lover's strap
on. She did so, and I pushed my daughter's face up to Mackenzie's cunt. I
commanded her now to lick Mackenzie's clit and not to stop. While she began to
do so, I moved in behind her, my penis ragingly huge. Victoria had moved to a
knee-sitting position to get a better angle on her lover's clit, but I pulled
her back, forcing her again to support herself on her hands as well as her
knees. Now she had to crane her neck up painfully to reach her lover's crotch,
which was fine with me.

I was more concerned with getting my dick up my daughter's ass. I brought the
head of it to her sphincter, and began to push. Victoria, muffled by Mackenzie's
vagina, began to squeal. "Be still," I said, and held her by the waist and began
to push harder. It was difficult, and I ended up using my own saliva as a
lubricant, but after a minute of manipulating her asscheeks and guiding my penis
into her asshole, I finally got the head to slide in. At this point Victoria
began screaming and stopped pleasuring her lover. "Oh God, it hurts! Please
stop, it burns, it's tearing! You're going to kill me Daddy!"

"It feels worse than it really is," I said, "now get back to Mackenzie's pussy
or else."

Victoria moaned but, as obedient as ever, resumed eating out her girlfriend. I
pushed.

She continued to moan and squeal, an almost animal sound, as I pumped my head in
and out, and finally, with an odd popping sensation, I got past the glans, and
my whole head was in my daughter's ass. I just stood there for a few seconds,
taking it all in. Victoria was wiggling this way and that, involuntarily trying
to escape her impalement. She was screaming, the sound muffled by Mackenzie's
vagina. Mackenzie was writhing in her bonds, moaning with pleasure and weeping
at the degredation she and her best friend were being forced to endure.

It was wonderful. I resumed my task, pumping my penis into my daughter's ass, a
little more penetrating each time. Incredibly, her screams rose even more in
volume and pitch, as my penis became more and more engulfed in her hole. And
then, with one cruel jerk, I got it in all the way to my balls, and her shrill
screams suddenly broke, and in their place was some kind of mid-pitched animal
grunt, devoid of any pleasure, or any thought or feeling at all except helpless
torment and torture. I pumped myself against her, rapidly, causing her moans to
increase in frequency of occurance. With one hand I reached up and grabbed one
of Mackenzie's nipples, and began pulling and twisting. She yelped at my touch.

And so, I finally came into my daughter's asshole. I filled her colon with
almost as much sperm as I had filled her throat. Each time my penis swelled up
with a new squirt of cum, my daughter moaned and squealed like a maniac. After I
was emptied out, I remained in place for a while, just letting my dick relax
inside my daughter as she continued to cry. And finally, I pulled out my
half-limp penis and stood up.

I rested, and let them rest, while I figured out what to do next. This couldn't
be the end. I intended to this stuff up for as long as possible that night. I
had cum twice and I was still ready for more.

I went upstairs and grabbed the portable phone. I brought it down to the
basement, and approached Mackenzie, still spreadeagle against the wall. She had
managed to stop sobbing and could was able to speak. "You're spending the night
at Victoria's house tonight, right?" I said, dialing her parents phone number. I
raised my eyebrows significantly while I raised the phone to her ear.

Carefully, not letting on the torment in her voice, she said, "hello, mom? Yeah,
I uh... I'm gonna stay at Victoria's house tonight, ok?... I will mom... I
will... Love you too. Bye." And I clicked the phone off.

"Very good," I said, releasing her bonds. I bade Victoria to stand up as well,
and I began leading Mackenzie to the table in the basement. The surface was just
made of plywood. Good for splinters. I told Mackenzie to lay on it, on her back.
I secured her feet to the base of the table via chains fitted to it's structure,
and bade Victoria to do the same to Mackenzie's hands. I noticed my daughter was
having difficulty walking, and this gave my penis a pleasant jerk of excitement.
Mackenzie was starting to sob again, suspecting she was about to receive the
brunt of some cruel treatment or other.

I then said to Victoria, "come here," and she did so. I gave her my belt, and
told her to stand at Mackenzie's head. I stood at her other end. The table was
set up right at crotch height, and Mackenzie's head was hanging over one edge,
her ass hanging over the other. Her legs were spread quite far apart, and her
hands were secured spread outwards, helpless to stop anything that might happen.
"Victoria," I said, "stand with your vagina over Mackenzie's face." Victoria
covered Macekenzie's sobs with her cunt. "Now, I want you to place your clit
over her mouth, and begin whipping her breasts and stomach with the belt."
Victoria hesitated, but I merely had to say her name with a menacing tone and
she immediately began.

Of course, with each blow, Mackenzie's mouth moved all around and her tongue
writhed in all directions, right over Victoria's clitoris. Every time she
whipped her lovers' breasts, she herself received a jolt of sexual pleasure. The
harder the blow, the greater the pleasure. After several swats, Victoria began
moaning after each blow, and after a little more, she began to look like she
might fall over, weak at the knees. It didn't take long for her to figure out
how to make Mackenzie return the maximum kinds of pleasure - hit her hard and
hit her where it hurt. She began to reign blows on Mackenzie's nipples, so lost
in her own ecstasy that she had ceased caring, at least for now, about the fact
that she was torturing her own lesbian lover.

"Hit her a few times in the vagina," I said, and I swear Victoria almost began
to grin as she aimed her blows further up her lover's body and began smacking
her lover's vaginal lips with her belt. She was now leaning over, free hand on
the table, barely able to hold herself up. Mackenzie's head was being pushed
down uncomfortably, and she was finding it difficult to breathe, much less
scream, as the belt bit into her most sensitive regions. My daughter began
twisting and thrusting up and down, back and forth, over Mackenzie's face. She
dropped the belt and supported her self on her hands, looking down at
Mackenzie's beautifully shaking breasts, lost in her own impending orgasm.

I now approached closer to Mackenzie's crotch. After that beating, I knew this
was going to hurt her so badly. This excited me even more. I placed my penis at
her vaginal opening, spread her lips with my hands, and pushed.

Now it was Mackenzie's turn to squeal. Her fifteen year old pussy was very
tight, not at all prepared to take on a fully adult hunk of penis like mine. But
with a little work, I was fucking her quite effectively, her movements and moans
only adding to Victoria's pleasure in raping her lover's face.

As I fucked, I said, "Victoria, look at me." With difficulty she did so, and I
could see in her eyes that wide, wet look of an impending orgasm. "Kiss me. Use
your tongue," I said.

I leaned over and without hesitation she locked her lips against mine and my
daughter and I explored each other's tongues and throats deeply as we fucked
mackenzie's face and cunt. Victoria was shaking all over, and we both came at
the same time, her mouth kissing mine even more violently as her whole body
spasmed in pleasure, jerking Mackenzie's head around mercilessly. I thrust my
dick deep inside Mackenzie, feeling her warmth all along my penis as I continued
to french my daughter. My semen squirted inside her, each spasm of my dick
stretching her semi-virgin cunt further and making her squeak with pain.

Finally, our orgasms were over, and we dismounted from the girl. I had my
daughter approach me and together, we untied mackenzie's legs from the
tablelegs, and instead tied her ankles to their respective thighs, so that her
knees were forced into an uncomfortably tight position. We then attatched her
knees to looped ropes, and threw them up across two widely separated ceiling
beams, and retied the other ends of the rope back to her knees. Now she was
restrained in a spread and helpless position. I gave my daughter my belt back,
and told her, "ok, now I want you whip your girlfriend's pussy." She did so with
little hesitation, brining my belt down right on Mackenzie's lips. Mackenzie
shrieked and jumped, arching her back up high. Of course, this only made her
crotch more available to the belt.

As Victoria snapped into Mackenzie's lips and clit over and over, I stood behind
her, and held her by the hips. I moved closer so that my penis (erect again) was
touching the crack of her ass, and I reached one arm around and began to stroke
and pinch her nipples. Her knees went weak but she remained standing and
continued to hit her girlfriend, sometimes slapping her on her thighs, sometimes
on her crotch-lips.

I moved my arm down and began stroking her wet pussy-lips, at which point she
shuddered, and I thrust my finger inside, finding her clit, and began rubbing
and pinching her nub. She began jerking, but continued to hit Mackenzie as I,
more and more forcefully, fucked her clit with my finger. Finally Victoria's
hands jerked back around to me and grabbed my hips. She was pulling her ass into
my penis, jamming herself against me and rubbing it back and forth with her
crack while I brought her pussy to the brink of orgasm. I grabbed the strap-on
which was laying nearby, and which had on it a two and a half inch wide, nine
inch long, studded dildo. I stepped away from my daughter before she came, and
told her to put on the strap on. I then stood by Mackenzie's head and told my
daughter she knew what to do.

Now, not to say Victoria had no qualms about hurting her helpless lover. But she
and Mackenzie had already becomed quite accustomed to hurting each other at my
command, and that night, she had already gained so much erotic pleasure from
Mackenzie's erotic torment, that it was, at least for now, barely occurring to
her to resist or hesitate. She went right for the cunt, shoved the dildo in, and
humped back and forth, up and down, as the dildo's other end stroked her own
clitoris. Mackenzie grunted over and over again as the painful false cock
violated her vagina.

I grabbed her hair and shoved her head back, upside down, her neck stretched
painfully, and thrust my cock into her mouth. She struggled, but was pinned on
two cocks, and restrained uncomfortably, and her every move caused her more
pain. I pushed my cock in without regard for her sounds of gagging and pain, and
began to fuck her mouth upside down. I could see a slight bulge move back and
forth in her throat as my penis went up and down the passage, and I grabbed her
neck with both hands and squeezed a bit, wanting to feel my penis as it hurt her
throat, and wanting to make the warm, wet passageway even tighter than it
already was. Across from me, my daughter was already lost in orgasm, and I was
not far behind as I thrust deeply into Mackenzie's esophagus. I came inside, not
sure whether I would be squirting into her stomach or into her lungs, and not
really caring either. I could see her face turning dark red and almost purple,
because the combination of my penis in her air-way and my hands squeezing her
adam's apple allowed no air into her lungs. I waited a few seconds more,
allowing the last of my semen to squirt out, (I loved imagining what the
swelling of my penis with each squirt felt like to her) and finally released
her, withdrawing from her face. She coughed and gagged helplessly, gulping in
air, while Victoria remained inside her, stroking her own clit to maintain her
own orgasm.

My daughter and I rested a bit, while Mackenzie recovered, each of us in our own
part of the room. After a few minutes I told Victoria it was time to continue,
and she got up immediately. We untied Mackenzie completely, and she was too weak
and broken to put up any struggle at all as we guided her over onto her stomach,
and retied her wrists to the table legs. Her legs we separated as widely as we
could and tied her knees to ropes attatched to the table legs on each side. I
gave Victoria the whip, and took the belt for myself, and told Mackenzie we were
going to whip her back and her ass and her legs until we were too tired. And
with a look at Victoria, who nodded, we began.

I had never really thought about whipping a girl's back before, but now it just
seemed the thing to do. I reigned blows down on her back with my whip, while
Victoria slapped her ass and legs with the belt, and Mackenzie screamed
continuously for mercy. I had lost pretty much all self-control by now, and
managed to make her entire back quite bloody, while Victoria had tenaciously
kept up with me, making her lover's ass and legs purple and blue.

After we both felt we had accomplished our tasks, I reached over and stroked
Mackenzie's ass with a finger. The mere touch caused her to shake and tremble,
drawing her breath in sharply. That was wonderful - how much more would it hurt
when my daughter and I took turns fucking her ass.

I approached Mackenzie's ass, and placed my penis at her anal opening.
"Victoria," I said, "go put your penis in your girlfriend's mouth, ok?"

Mackenzie wailed, "noooo! Please not my ass! Just make Victoria do my ass, she's
done it before! Not you! Please don't cum inside me any more!" I just slapped
her on the leg and began pushing against her sphincter.

Victoria didn't say anything, she just went to Mackenzie's face and did as she
was told. Mackenzie did not obediently open her mouth - she kept it closed and
shook her face back and forth.

I was about to tell Victoria to slap Mackenzie until she obeyed, but to my
surprise, Victoria grabbed Mackenzie by the hair, and positively punched her in
the face. "Put it in your mouth!" she exclaimed, and jammed the dildo against
Mackenzie's lips, probably bruising her lips in doing so. Mackenzie wailed in
pain and anguish, and Victoria took the opportunity to shove the huge dildo into
her lover's mouth. She shoved it all the way in, her eyes smoldering with
pleasure as she did so.

I myself continued to shove deeper and deeper into Mackenzie's intestines,
stroking my cock all the way in and out. I had cum so many times, this was
beginning to get difficult, and it took me a long time to finally squirt my
load. It was watching my daughter get off mercilessly on Mackenzie's face that
did it, as well as Mackenzie's continuous struggle as I touched her sensitive
ass and legs, and the reflexive tightening of her ass muscles against my penis.
When I finally came, my penis swelling, Mackenzie screamed so hard it was loud
even against the muffling of her girlfriend's false penis.

Victoria smiled as I came and she orgasmed as well. I leaned over (shoving my
penis in even further) and kissed her lustily on the side of her neck before
locking lips with hers again. We kissed passionately while Mackenzie, below us,
struggled to breathe.

And after this long kiss, we again withdrew from Mackenzie. I was trying to
think of something creative to do before fucking Mackenzie's body one last time.
I wasn't thinking very creatively, and was thinking about just putting my dick
in Mackenzie's mouth and getting it over with, when Victoria's voice broke in on
my imaginings.

"Dad, do you have a cigarette lighter down here?"

I looked up. Her face was inscrutable, but there seemed to be a strangely
satisfied, far off look on her face. "What? Well, yes," I said, and grabbed one
out of my pants which were lying on the floor.

"Yes!" she exclaimed, just like a high-school teeny-bopper who just got invited
to the prom by a boy she likes. She took the lighter from me and approached
Mackenzie, and seeing this, I knew I could definitely cum at least one more
time.

"Dad, can I untie her arms?"

"Whatever you want, tonight," I said. Victoria and I untied Mackenzie's wrists
from the table, and held her down manually. Then Victoria guided her to an
upright position, her weight now on her spread legs. She began to cry
uncontrollably. "What are you doing, Victoria?"

"Shut up, Mackenzie," was my daughter's angry reply. "It'll be over soon so just
let it happen, ok. Don't pretend you didn't enjoy torturing me all those times
Dad told you to. Don't pretend you didn't like having my face forced into your
pussy. I saw the wetness. I know what you were thinking and feeling."

Mackenzie just kept crying. "But, he made us do it! You know what it was like!"

"I said shut up," said Victoria. She lit the lighter and held it aloft for
several seconds.

Mackenzie began to shake as we held her up, "what are you doing? My legs hurt!
Let me down!"

Victoria looked at her cruelly, "didn't I tell you to shut the FUCK UP?" She
growled, and brough the end of the lighter against her girlfriend's nipple,
shoving it onto her breast hard. Mackenzie screamed and screamed, and struggled,
but her awkward position kept her from struggling very successfully. She
shrieked in agony as Victoria held the lighter against Mackenzie's nipple, and
Victoria didn't release it until Mackenzie stopped shrieking and was only
crying. This meant it was no longer hot.

She held the lighter up again, and lit it. My eyes met hers, and strangely, she
smiled in a very demure fashion, as though she was a little embarrassed, and
hoping I was proud of her. My penis was ragin in lust, and I began to kiss and
bite Mackenzie's ribcage (which was at the level of my face) as Victoria climbed
up on the table and shoved the burning lighter into Mackenzie's other nipple.
Again Mackenzie shrieked and shook, as powerfully as she had before, but my
daughter showed no mercy, holding the lighter against Mackenzie until it was no
longer warm.

She lit it again. Mackenzie was shaking uncontrollably now, moaning, "how much
more? It hurts so much."

"As much as we want," said Victoria. She touched Mackenzie on the ribs with the
lighter, but didn't hold it there. She held it for a second, making Mackenzie
yelp, then touched her on the stomach, making her yelp again. She touched her
all over the front of her body - her breasts, her ribs, her tummy, her legs, her
pubic area. I just watched in amazement.

Then Victoria said, "lay her back down, ok Dad?" and we guided Mackenzie back to
a laying position.

Victoria asked me to hold Mackenzie down, and I did so. She took the lighter and
held it against each ass cheek several times, and the back of her leg. Mackenzie
was beyond words in her pain. Her tongue was moving, but it was not forming
words - it was forming female, animal sounds of pain and hoplessness. Victoria
continued mercilessly, touching her at least twenty times with the lighter,
sometimes holding it there, sometimes just touching. Finally she stopped and lit
the lighter one last time. She held it up for a full minute, giving Mackenzie a
brief respite. As she did so, she used her other hand to spread Mackenzie's
ass-cheeks. Then she began to bring the lighter back down.

Mackenzie knew what was coming, and struggled violently, no longer screaming,
putting all her energy into escaping. But to no avail.

The searing lighter touched her sphincter, and stayed there, for a long, long
time. Mackenzie's upper body struggled so hard, but she could move her lower
body not at all, and Victoria had no trouble keeping the lighter against her
girlfriend's asshole as long as it remained hot.

Finally, while Mackenzie screamed and struggled, I moved in on her face and
jammed my penis into her mouth as it opened to scream. I watched her body twitch
in pain as I fucked Mackenzie once more, putting my penis (whose last residence
had been her ass) all the way down her throat.

Victoria still had on the strap on, and after finally removing the lighter,
placed the dildo inside her lover's burned asshole. She pushed.

Mackenzie jiggled as much as she could, her seared sphincter now being stretched
to a two and a half inch width, but of course to no avail. Victoria grabbed
Mackenzie by the hips and shoved cruelly, over and over again, each time her
false penis tearing its way deeper and deeper into her lover's asshole. The
ridges and studs on the dildo made it more difficult to get inside, and more
painful.

Once more, we fucked Mackenzie together, and we each came violently, my penis
deep inside Mackenzie's face, my daughter's false dick deep inside Mackenzie's
burned and whipped asshole.

And we were done with her. We dismounted, and sat down on the floor next to each
other, exhausted. Without a word, though, Victoria reached over and began took
my penis in her hand, beginning to give me a hand job. I decided I could cum at
least one more time, again. Eagerly, I crawled over to her, and she sighed as I
began kissing her stomach, her ribs, her breasts, her neck, and finally her
mouth as I crawled onto her, placing my knees on either side of her. I fucked
her between the breasts for a few moments, as she moaned in anticipation of what
was coming, and then I moved down, putting my legs inside hers. We ignored the
coldness, and hardness, of the concrete floor upon which we were fucking. Her
legs wrapped around mine as I shoved into her vagina, fucking my daughter deeply
and profoundly. We looked into each other's eyes and kissed wonderfully while we
enjoyed the passionate contact occurring in our genital areas.

We fucked and fucked and fucked, and she had a very long orgasm as I continued
to thrust in and out. My own orgasm took quite a while to come, but come it did,
as I squirted the last load for the night into my daughter's ovaries. No, she
was not on the pill (and I assumed Mackenzie wasn't either) but we would worry
about that later. For some reason that made it more exciting to me, anyway. And
that's what's really important, right?

And then we just lay there, sweating and breathing on each other, occasionally
stroking each other's bodies. Victoria was lost in reverie, a smile sometimes
breaking onto her face. While Mackenzie continued to sob, Victoria realized that
she was daddy's little girl again.




Epilogue:

Of course that didn't mean she wasn't my little torture-slut anymore, either.
And Mackenzie had plenty of opportunites to wrek revenge on her lover.

Anyway, all these things happened about a year ago. My fifteen year old daughter
and I now have a pretty regular daily ritual. In the morning I would wake
Victoria up. She still usually slept alone, nude, uncovered on a bare bed, in
the cold. Occasionally I would allow her to sleep with me in my room, but only
sometimes.

She was to cook my breakfast for me, (as mentioned before, nice and greasy so
that her breasts were splashed with hot oil several times,) and once she was
finished, she was to leave her spatula on the pan, the heat on, as she served it
to me and kneeled at my feet while I ate. Sometimes I would have her lick my
penis while I ate.

If there was something wrong with breakfast, or if I just felt like it, I would
take her back to the kitchen, have her lean over the stove, her breasts hanging
over the pan she had used. I would splash some water on the pan, which would
crack and sizzle, hitting her breasts, and I would use the burning spatula to
spank her ass as much as I felt appropriate.

Then I would dress her in her slutty outfit for the day, then drag her by the
hair into the shower. I would have her kneel, dressed, in the shower while I
turned on the water and got in as well. She was to suck my dick, her hands to
remain behind her back, while I washed my hair and body. Sometimes if I was in
an anal mood, I would stand her up agains the wall and fuck her ass in the
shower. I would soap up my dick, enter her ass easily, and slide up and down til
I came. Then put her back on her knees, and have her clean the shit, soap and
cum off of me with her mouth. Usually I came again in her mouth as a result.

Afterwards, it was time for her to go to school, so she would leave, her hair
and clothes soaking wet, and go to school, where whatever it was her principal
was doing to her would continue to be done to her, and where my cum would slowly
leak out of her ass and down her legs if I had decided to fuck her that morning.

After school, she and Mackenzie had to undress each other and make each other
cum before I would allow them in. They would then undergo various games and
torments, and I would fuck one or the other or both of them a few times. Then
Mackenzie would usually go home, and Victoria would make my dinner (same
conditions as breakfast) and we would eat, and sit around and watch tv, or fuck
some more, or whatever. At bed time, I almost always ate my daughter's pussy as
she lay on her bed. It was fun to have her orgasms under my control. Sometimes I
would let her cum, sometimes not. Her wrists were tied to the bed throught he
night, so she could do nothing about it either way.

Sometimes I would whip her breasts for a while afterwards, but whether I did so
or not, I always fucked her breasts before I went to bed. It was one of my
favorite things to do - slide my dick up and down her chest, my hands squeezing
her breasts together on either side, and then on her face. And leaving my cum
there on her face and chest as I left the room and went to bed.

Nowadays she seemed to almost love this treatment. She never uttered a word of
complaint - only moans of agony. It's because now she thinks it all somehow
means I love her - that it's my way of showing affection to my little girl.

What a little bitch, huh?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mr. Mumei


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





