BDSM Library - Enslaved Landlady




Enslaved Landlady
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: They captured her, enslaved her and tortured her without mercy. She was theirs.
ENSLAVED LANDLADY
CHAPTER ONE


"You were right, Arnie," Rocky said, pulling the shower curtain 
back to reveal Sandy's naked body. "Underneath all that baggy 
shit she wears, the landlady's got a sexy fucking body."

"Look at those legs," Chuck said, stepping in and staring down at 
the lean, sexy blonde. "And get a load of that fucking ass. It's 
perfect!"

"Her tits aren't very big," Bridget said, eyeing Sandy's pointy, stiff-
nippled tits. "They aren't half as big as mine."

"What the hell is going on here?" Sandy gasped, sinking as low 
as she could under the soapy water in the tub, trying to hide her 
sleek, sexy body. "Bridget, just because I let you rent a room, 
doesn't mean that you have free run of the house! This is my 
bathroom, and I want you and these other people out of here 
now!"

"Shut up, bitch," Arnie said, grabbing Sandy's wrists and hauling 
her out of the tub. "You're a sexy whore, and this is a great 
fucking house. That's why Bridget moved in to begin with, and 
that's why we've come to stay. But Bridget tells us that you're one 
uptight whore, so I guess we're going to have to teach you how a 
slut's supposed to use her body. You are a sexy whore."

It was the truth. Sandy Bergen was a beautiful woman. She had a 
wild mane of streaked blonde hair that hung past her shoulders 
and framed a face that was almost perfect. Her lips were lush and 
pink even without a trace of lipstick. And her eyes were so big 
and brown that almost every man who met her wanted to fall 
inside them. The most amazing thing of all was that, compared to 
the beauty of her body, Sandy's face looked plain.
Her body was perfect. Sandy was like some lean, tawny jungle 
animal, her skin tanned and silky, her body supple and finely 
muscled. Her legs were incredibly long and perfectly shaped, 
without an extra ounce of fat. Her ass was full and round, but it 
was also as firm as a ripe melon.

Sandy's tits weren't huge, but they were big for so thin a woman, 
and they stood out from her chest like miniature torpedoes. They 
were perfect cones, wide and full at the base and tapering to 
nipples that stood almost an inch long when they were erect. 
Sandy's arms were tanned and slender, her hands delicate and 
long-fingered.

"Let me go, you dirty bastard!" she screamed, twisting and pulling 
in Arnie's strong grasp. "You're going to jail for this, you low-life 
jerk! Leave me alone, you assholes!"

Sandy was a strong woman, but she was no match for Arnie, who 
was almost seven feet tall and built like a brick wall. He jerked her 
over the edge of the bathtub and plunged her head under the 
soapy water. 

Rocky, who was almost as big and muscular as Arnie, locked 
both her flailing fists inside the pocket of one big hand and jerked 
her arms behind her back. 

Chuck, the smallest of the three men but still over six feet tall and 
two hundred pounds, reached under Sandy's arms and crushed 
her tits in his strong hands. 

And Bridget, a six-foot redhead with an amazon build and huge 
tits, plunged her hand right up against the furry pink pocket of 
Sandy's cunt.

Sandy writhed desperately in the hands of her four captors. 

Her dazed mind couldn't accept the fact that the sweet girl she 
had rented a room to was leading such a horrid assault on her 
body. She choked and spluttered underwater and retched in 
disgust at the feel of Chuck's hands mauling her tits and Bridget's 
palm rubbing over her cunt.

"Say uncle, you dumb cunt," Arnie said, pulling Sandy's face up 
out of the water. "Say uncle and I won't drown your scrawny ass!"

"Fuck you!" Sandy gasped, water pouring from her parted lips. 
She coughed uncontrollably, squining like a sexy soaked snake in 
the hands of her captors.

"Stupid slut," Bridget said with a shake of her head as Arnie 
plunged Sandy's head back under. "Keep her down for a couple 
minutes, Arnie. Teach the landlady a fucking lesson and give us 
a chance to sample her sexy little bod."

Sandy could hear the voluptuous redhead's words and she 
struggled more fiercely against the strong hands that held her in 
place. She thought desperately that a couple minutes under the 
water would drown her. She kicked and jerked until she was 
exhausted, but her strength would have been no match for even 
one of the quartet who was holding her tight against the side of 
her bathtub.

While Arnie held Sandy's head under the water, the others 
explored every inch of her soaked, sexy body. They pinched her 
nipples and crushed her tits until pain flashed like fire through 
Sandy's squirming body. 

They raked their fingernails over her ribs and across her 
stomach. They slapped her ass and pinched her thighs, running 
their hands over her arms and legs and sides as if they were 
inspecting an animal they were considering buying. 

All three of them took turns running their hands into the 
shuddering crevice of her ass and over the tiny, pooching mouth 
of her cunt.

Sandy held her breath as the three men and one woman pawed 
her beautiful body. Her chest ached and her head pounded from 
lack of oxygen. The pain was awful, but it was nothing compared 
to the humiliation she felt at being violated at the hands of 
strangers.

"Motherfucker!" Bridget hissed, plunging a finger up inside the 
tight pink pocket of Sandy's cunt. "When was the last time 
somebody fucked you, bitch? You're tight as shit and twice as 
dry!"

Sandy gasped at the sudden penetration of her cunt. Pain ripped 
through her tight, dry pussy, and what little breath was still 
trapped in her lungs escaped her in a shuddering sigh.

"Let me feel," Chuck said, and Bridget pulled her finger out so he 
could plunge his inside.  "Oh man, Arnie, the landlady's got a 
tighter Clint than most chicks' asses!"

"Fuck that," Rocky said, and pushed Chuck aside so he could 
fuck his finger up inside the tiny pink pussy-slit.

Sandy was gasping uncontrollably. Chuck's finger had been twice 
the size of Bridget's, and Rocky's finger was even bigger. 

With every shuddering breath, she sucked in mouthfuls of water. 
Sandy clenched her eyes tightly shut, flailing wildly as water filled 
her lungs.

"Ready to say uncle yet?" Arnie asked, hauling Sandy out from 
under the water by her satiny blonde hair. "Say uncle for us."

"Uncle!" Sandy gasped, her svelte, sexy body shaking with the 
force of her coughing. Water poured from her lips. "Uncle! Uncle! 
Uncle!"

"Now tell Bridget when the last time was that somebody fucked 
you." Arnie ran his fingers over the lush ring of Sandy's lips as he 
told her what to do. "Tell Bridget what she wants to know!"

"Fuck you!" Sandy hissed. Righteous anger flared through her at 
the thought of how these strangers were trying to debase her. 
She spit in Arnie's face. "Who do you think you are, you filthy 
prick?"

"You've got a foul fucking mouth, bitch!" Arnie growled, wiping the 
spit off his cheek and smearing it all over her face. When he was 
done, he levered her jaws open with his fingers and spit between 
her open lips. "You just don't get it, do you, slut? This shit 
belongs to us now. Your house, your furniture, and especially 
your slutty body. The quicker you learn your new place, Sandy-
slut, the less you're going to get hurt!"

He plunged her head under the water again. Sandy gagged on 
the saliva he had spit into her mouth, and she started sucking in 
water as soon as her face went under. 

When he pulled her out the next time, she didn't spit on him or 
call him names, but she still wouldn't tell Bridget what she wanted 
to know.

Arnie dunked her under the dirty bathwater more times than 
Sandy could count, keeping her under for a little longer each 
time. 

Sandy knew that she couldn't hold out forever, that sooner or 
later she was going to have to submit to the big man and his evil 
friends, but something inside her kept her from cracking.
Bridget slid behind Sandy's firm, round ass and thrust a finger up 
alongside Rocky's in the tight socket of her cunt. The stretching, 
tearing pain of having two fingers fucking into her pussy at the 
same time made Sandy's hips twitch and shimmy, and all four of 
her attackers laughed at the sexy spectacle of her squirming ass.

"Look at that," Chuck said, twisting Sandy's long, hard nipples 
until the sexy landlady jerked with agony."Sandy's going to be a 
fucking hot one once we teach her. Look at the way she can 
shake that sweet ass."

Bridget and Rocky started spanking her to make her shake her 
ass even more. They hit her as hard as they could, each one 
concentrating on one silky cheek of her rounded ass. 

When Arnie pulled Sandy's head out from under the water, she 
could hear the meaty thwacks of Bridget and Rocky's hands 
slapping her helpless ass-flesh. Even when she was underwater 
she could feel the burning, jarring pain of the savage spanking 
they were giving her.

Finally Arnie plunged her head underwater for almost five 
minutes. By the time he pulled her out, Sandy was barely 
conscious. Her chest was burning and her ass was burning and 
her cunt was aching with the steady friction of the two fingers that 
were fucking up inside her. 

Her big brown eyes were wild and groggy as she looked up at 
Arnie. For the first time she realized that he had stripped while he 
was plunging her underwater. When Sandy saw his rock-hard 
cock, she almost passed out from shock.

"You ready to tell Bridget when the last time you got fucked 
was?" he asked, stroking his cock, which was almost as big 
around as one of Sandy's thighs.

The dazed blonde could tell from his expression that Arnie 
wanted her to refuse him. For the first time, she realized that he 
liked what he was doing to her, that they enjoyed torturing her.

"Five years ago," she mumbled between coughs. "It was my 
fiance. But it was awful! It made me sick, and I broke up with him. 
Are you satisfied?"

"He must have had a prick the size of a peanut." Bridget had 
stopped slapping Sandy's ass. Now she and Rocky were pulling 
the silky asscheeks wide apart, reveaing the tiny pink bud of her 
asshole. "And how long has it been since you've had a big fat 
cock stuck up your ass?"

Bridget knifed a finger deep up Sandy's virgin asshole as she 
asked the question, and the sultry blonde screamed in shock and 
pain. She shook her ass frantically, but Bridget followed her with 
her finger, grinding it as far as it would go up the skin tight canal 
of Sandy's shitter.She scratched her long fingernail over the 
super-sensitive skin of Sandy's ass-chute, making the sexy 
landlady tremble with agony.

"Never, you dirty whore!" Sandy screamed. "And I never will 
either, you scummy, slutty tramp!"

"Bitch!" Arnie growled. "You've got some serious lessons to 
learn! It's time to stop fucking around!"

Arnie tossed Sandy onto her side, and before the sleek beauty 
could regain her balance, he had jerked her arms around the 
bottom of her toilet howl and snapped handcuffs around her 
wrists. 

Sandy jerked helplessly at the chains as her face was pressed 
into the cold, dainp toilet bowl, but there was no way she could 
escape.
Suddenly Arnie dropped to his knees behind her. When she felt 
the brush of his monstrous cock over the silky curve of her ass, 
she knew what was going to happen.

"No!" she whispered, fear and horror combining to make her 
weak. "Please don't do this! Please stop now! I'll give you money! 
I won't tell anyone what happened! Just please don't rape me! I 
can't stand sex!"

"Shut up, land-whore," Bridget said, straddling the toilet and 
pushing her cunt into Sandy's face. "You love to use that mouth 
so much, use it on my pretty pussy!"

Sandy gagged at the woman's horrid words. She looked up at 
Bridget, and for the first time she realized that all of her attackers 
had stripped while she was being dunked underwater. Chuck and 
Rocky were standing on either side of her, both their cocks hard 
as crowbars and longer than any pricks Sandy had ever 
imagined. But it was the sight of Bridget that took the sultry 
blonde's breath away.

Sandy was a tall girl, but Bridget was over sixfeet tall. And while 
Sandy had the slender build of a fashion model, Bridget was built 
like a cross between an old-timer stripper and a female 
bodybuilder. 

She was almost as firm as Sandy, but her ass was fuil and her 
thighs were lush and her tits were huge mounds of flesh that 
seemed to defy gravity by standing so high and proud on her 
chest. Bridget's flaming red hair was matched by an equally fiery 
patch over her cunt. And her skin was flawless ivory.

"That's right, cunt!" Bridget hissed. "Take a good look! You're a 
sexy little bitch, but you've never even seen anyone as sexy as 
me!"

"Stop bragging!" Arnie growled, slapping his big prick over the 
tiny pink lips of Sandy's cunt. "You're just another big-titted slut! 
Our landlady here's not just sexy, she's sexy with some class!"

"And Sandy-slut's got the best legs I've ever seen," Rocky said. 
"And those nipples are in a class by themselves. You're a beauty, 
Bridget, but this shiny tramp might have you beat."

Sandy burned with shame as her four captors talked about her 
like she was a piece of meat or a used car they were considering 
buying. A look of cold fury crossed Bridget's face, and she 
grabbed two handfuls of Sandy's silky blonde hair and jammed 
her cunt right into the trapped beauty's face.

Sandy gagged at the fishy smell of Bridget's cunt. The wet, slimy 
feel of the redhead's pussy over her face made Sandy retch 
repeatedly, and her sleek, tanned body shook with the force of 
her gagging. Bridget pinched her nose shut and Sandy gasped 
for air, knowing that sooner or later she would have to open her 
mouth to the girl's pussy.

"Here you go, landlady,' Arnie said, putting the bulging head of 
his cock against the fluttering pink lips of Sandy's pussy. "After so 
long, you're probably ready for some hard fucking."

Arnie had to stretch the lips of her pussy with his fingers to wedge 
the fat head of his cock inside her cunt. Then he grabbed her by 
her hips and yanked her back toward him.

Pain ripped up Sandy's back and down her slender legs. Every 
muscle in her long, lean body went rigid with agony. Her cunt 
clutched tightly around his prick, trying desperately to slow the 
devastating penetration. He fucked six inches of his fat cock 
inside her in one brutal lunge, and Sandy felt as if her whole body 
was stuffed with burning, bulging fuck-meat.

"Halfway there," Bridget said maliciously, rubbing Sandy's elegant 
face all over her juicy cunt. "The rest of it's the sweet part, bitch. 
The rest of it's the part that's going to send your highclass ass to 
heaven!"

"No!" Sandy cried, her beautiful face twisted with agony. Her 
sleek body was drawn as tight as a bowstring from the pain Arnie 
was causing her. "No more! I'll give you anything! Anything!"

Sandy's pussy was already stretched as far as it would go. She 
had always had a tiny cunt, especially for a girl as tall as she was. 
Even her boyfriend's four-inch, pencil-thin cock had been 
uncomfortably large in her tiny pussy. Arnie's cock was a foot-
long monster. If he crammed the rest of it inside her, Sandy was 
certain that he would tear her to pieces.

"Sweet bitch!" Arnie gasped, sweat dripping from his face as he 
leaned down over her back. "You've got the sweetest, tightest 
pussy I've ever fucked! Take it, bitch! Take every inch!"

Sandy screamed into the sloppy gash of Bridget's cunt as Arnie 
fucked his giant cock the rest of the way inside her. Her stretched 
tight cunt-lips felt as though they were ripping as he pushed the 
fattest part of his prick through them. The tight, dry pocket of her 
pussy stretched until it could stretch no more, and when the fat 
head of Arnie's cock pounded against her cervix, Sandy thought 
she would die.

She could feel Arnie's mammoth cock pushing deep inside her. 
She could feel something slowly giving way inside her, and she 
knew that the ruining girth and length of Arnie's cock were tearing 
her cunt.

It took every ounce of Sandy's will power to keep from 
whimpering like a beaten dog when Arnie's fat, hairy balls 
slapped against the stretched-out lips of her cunt. 
The pain was so awful that it paralyzed her. Lightning bolts of 
agony crackled up her back and through her stomach and down 
the insides of her thighs. The bones of Sandy's pelvis felt as 
though they had been pushed roughly aside.

And then Annie started fucking her.

"No!" Sandy whispered as he pulled his cock back through the 
clinging, savaged pussy. "No! No! No!"

He slammed  twelve inches back inside her with one hard lunge, 
and Sandy's shoulder slammed against the cold, hard bowl of her 
toilet with such force that she screamed out in anguish. Her cunt 
felt as though it had been torn out from between her legs, as 
though it was being fucked deep into her stomach at the end of 
Annie's terrible cock. 

She felt wetness coat her cunt, and she didn't know whether it 
was fuck-lube or blood, but she knew that it wasn't enough to 
help the awful agony that was filling every inch of her sleek, sultry 
body.

It was all Sandy could do to keep from screaming as Arnie 
smashed her into the cold porcelain of the toilet. The pain was 
incredible, worse than anything she had ever felt.

"Eat me out, you dirty slut!" Bridget shouted, quakng with ecstasy 
every time Arnie drove his huge cock up Sandy's pussy and 
forced her face deeper between Bridget's legs. "Wag that slutty 
pink tongue and kiss my pretty pussy! Do it, you worthless 
whore!"

Sandy hardly heard the sexy redhead's demands. The shattering 
fucking Arnie was giving her took up every bit of her attention. 
Psssy-juice was flooding her injured cunt, trying hopelessly to 
ease the savaging passage of Arnie's immense prick. 
His cock was stalned with red as he pounded it in and out of 
Sandy's helpless body. Her cunt had torn repeatedly under the 
brutal lunges of his too-large cock.

Arnie didn't care. He had fucked women bloody before, though he 
and the others had never had such a beautiful woman to play 
with. Arnie had never met a woman except Bridget who could 
take his big cock the first time without tearing. It wouldn't be long 
before Sandy's pussy was stretched out far enough to handle his 
fat foot of cock-meat.

Sandy hugged the bowl of the toilet, trying to brace herself 
against the body-shattering thrusts of Arnie's cock. Arnie fucked 
her faster and harder, folding her long lean body up into less than 
a foot of space. Every muscle in Sandy's sexy body cramped and 
spasmed in the unnatural position, and every brutal fuck-thrust 
put her under even more pressure.

"I said eat out my pussy, you good for nothing cunt!" Bridget 
growled, and she twisted Sandy's head until the sexy blonde's 
pretty face was twisted beneath her. "Now open your mouth and 
get to work, Sandy-slut, or I'm going to piss all over your face!"

Sandy couldn't believe what Bridget was threatening to do. The 
idea.was so awful that it pentrated the haze of pain and horror 
Arnie's brutal rape was causing her. The thought of sticking her 
tongue into Bridget's smelly red cunt still made Sandy sick, but 
anything would be better than being pissed on.

The men whooped when they saw Sandy's pretty pink tongue 
swipe over the heavy folds of Bridget's pussy. Chuck and Rocky 
knelt down to get better looks as Sandy licked a trembling path all 
over the outside of Bridget's cunt. The voluptuous redhead shifted 
sensuously on the toilet seat, rubbing her cunt all over Sandy's 
pretty trapped face.

Sandy wanted to vomit at the first awful, fleshy taste of Bridget's 
cunt. There was a salty, sharp taste that the sultry blonde knew 
was pussy-juice, and Sandy's mind exploded at the perversity of 
having to taste another woman's cunt. For her whole life, Sandy 
had hated and avoided sex. Now in just a few mintues, Bridget 
and the others had brought her to hera knees, servicing a man at 
one end and a woman at the other.

Arnie moaned with pleasure as he watched the sexy blonde 
moving her tongue over the swollen folds of Bridget's blood-red 
pussy. He slammed his cock into Sandy's ravaged cunt, then 
squirmed around, stfrring his cock like a giant spoon inside the 
stretched, torn sheath of her pussy.  He knew he was hurting the 
hell out of her, though, and he wanted to keep up the 
punishment. 

There was nothing in the world Arnie liked more than to see a 
beautiful woman squirming with pain. There was something about 
breaking a sexy bitch to his will and turning some uptight cunt into 
a fawning little slave-girl that turned Arnie on even more than the 
kind of hot sex he was having with Sandy now. The only person 
he had ever met who loved to degrade and abuse bitches more 
than he did was Bridget, and together they were merciless.

Sandy gagged helplessly as she slipped her tongue into the 
humid pocket of Bridget's cunt. Pussy-juice poured out over the 
swollen folds to soak her face. Bridget shifted from side to side, 
wiping her pussy-slime all over Sandy's pretty face and pushing 
the helpless beauty's head deeper into the toilet bowl. Sandy's 
head was turned around almost backwards now, and the pain 
that was shooting through her neck was almost as bad as the 
agony that was grinding through her violated pussy.

Sandy tried to blank her mind as she slithered her tongue up 
between the swollen red folds of Bridget's pussy. She tried to 
imagine she was licking an ice-cream cone or a loffipop. 
She tried io imagine anything that would take her away from the 
awful pain of her double humiliation at the hands of the two evil 
people. The only thought that kept her sane was that sooner or 
later the horrible assault would have to end.

"Cunt!" Bridget shouted as Sandy's tongue slithered inside her 
burning, wet cunt. "Suck on the outside, you dirty whore! Stick 
your slutty tongue up inside me and suck out all my yummy fuck-
juice!"

Sandy clamped her lips tight around the pooching mouth of 
Bridget's pussy and fucked her tongue deep inside the hot gash. 
She found the long, fat bud of Bridget's clit, horrified at the 
realization that it was almost as big as a cock. She whipped her 
tongue deep inside Bridget's pussy, but she tried to avoid that 
long, thick nub of flesh.

"Cumming!" Bridget squealed as Sandy applied suction to her 
swampy pussy. "Keep that tongue fucking, tiny tits! Prove that 
you're good for something, anyway!"

Sandy burned with shame at the sexy redhead's words, but she 
kept her lips sucking and her tongue flapping. Pussy-juice poured 
into her open mouth, and Sandy gagged, both from choking on 
the thick broth and from disgust at having her mouth filled with 
the spendings of another woman. Even the pain and degradation 
of Annie's savage rape faded from her mind as Bridget drowned 
her with the thick juice of her orgasm.

Suddenly her head was yanked back, and Sandy gasped with 
shock and pain as she pulled free of Bridget's sloppy cunt. Arnie 
used her silky blonde hair like reins as he fucked his huge cock 
into her faster and harder than ever. Sandy could feel his cock 
jerking wildly inside her, and she knew he was about ready to 
cum.

"Beg me to cum, Sandy-slut!" Arnie shouted, flattening her silky 
asscheeks with every thundering thrust of his cock inside her. 
"Beg me to fill you up with jism! Beg me to cream your scrawny 
little ass!"

Sandy stared up into Bridget's scornful, smiling face unable to 
connect this beautiful, evil woman with the pleasant girl who had 
rented a room from her a month before.

Sandy screamed when Arnie shot his first thick blast of jism up 
her clutching pussy. The salty cock-cream burned into her 
tattered cunt, driving the sleek, lean blonde wild with agony.

He jerked back even harder on her hair while he filled her with his 
jism, and Sandy arched her back like a well-trained horse, 
hugging the toilet and thrusting her ass back against the 
punishing strokes of his massive cock.

"Squirt it inside me!" Sandy gasped, the pain from having her hair 
pulled bringing tears to her big brown eyes. "Squirt all your nasty 
jism up my tiny cunt! You dirty bastards! I hate you all! Cream my 
scrawny little ass, you dirty motherfucker!"

Annie splattered the inside of Sandy's tiny pink cunt with his hot 
cock-cream. His jism pooled deep inside her body, and Sandy felt 
sick as she felt it soaking her insides, burhing its way into her like 
some kind of corrosive acid. Her cunt clutched convulsively at his 
jerking cock as he spilled the last of his cum inside her.

Bridget stared down at Sandy with a wicked smile on her face. 
She had seen Sandy around town for months, swinging her tight 
little ass as if she was too good for anyone. Bridget couldn't stand 
the thought of a woman as sexy and stuck up as Sandy, and so 
she had jumped at the chance to rent a room in her house. Now 
she was going to wipe all that stuck-up nonsense right out of 
Sandy's snooty little mind.
Sandy collapsed weakly against the toilet as Arnie pulled his fat 
cock out of her ass. She whimpered with fear as he jerked her 
face around, and she trembled with shock at the sight of his 
blood-stained, juice-coated cock.

She clamped her lips tightly together when he slapped his huge 
prick across her cheek and started rubbing it over her face.

"Sandy-slut's starting to look the part," Rocky said as he took 
Arnie's place between her long, lean legs. "Pussy-cream and jism 
look good on that pretty fucking face!"

"Looking it isn't good enough!" Arnie growled, wiping every trace 
of blood and fuckslime off on Sandy's beautiful face. "This sorry 
slut needs to learn her place! You might think you're coming out 
of this the same way you came in, Sandy, but you're fucking 
wrong! By the time we're done with you, you won't even fucking 
remember your name!"

"Now suck me some more," Bridget said, plunging Sandy's 
beautiful, soiled face against her cunt. "You neglected my big clit 
the last time, Sandy. I'm sure you won't make the same mistake 
again, will you?"

"I'm sure she won't," Rocky said, fucking his fat cock up the 
already ravaged channel of Sandy's cunt. "Because if she does, I 
might just take my cock out of her scummy little pussy and fuck 
her asshole to pieces!"

Sandy shivered with pain and anger and huriliation. But this time 
when Bridget dragged her pussy over her face, she flicked her 
tongue right over the fat nub of her clit.




CHAPTER TWO

Bridget's clit throbbed inside Sandy's warm, wet mouth. Sandy 
wanted to throw up at the  meaty taste of the long nub of flesh, 
but she choked down her sickness and sucked Bridget's  clit fully 
between her lips. The sexy redhead moaned and locked her 
meaty thighs so tight  around Sandy's head that the sleek blonde 
thought she was going to pass out. She still kept  sucking on the 
clit and washing her tongue over the fat, wriggling length of flesh.

Rocky was fucking her to death, Sandy was sure of that now. Her 
cunt was sloppy with  pussy-juice and jism and blood, but nothing 
could ease the passage of the log of flesh Rocky  was impaling 
her with. His cock was almost as long and fat as Arnie's, and 
Sandy wondered  dimly where Bridget had found three men with 
such enormous pricks. Two things made this  rape even worse 
than the first. 

One was that her cunt was already in tatters from the savaging  
she had received from Arnie, and the second was that Rocky was 
fucking her injured cunt in  the most brutal way her mind could 
imagine.

Rocky never fucked her from the same angle twice. He swung his 
hips from side to side,  lowered and raised himself so that he 
could spear her cunt up and then down. He didn't fuck  her with a 
steady rhythm either, sometimes pounding into her a dozen times 
with the speed  and power of a jackhammer, other times taking 
ten or fifteen seconds between fuck-thrusts.

Sandy trembled with fear and pain, beaten to the point of terror by 
the savagely  unpredictable way Rocky was fucking her. Her 
perfectly rounded asscheeks shook with the  force of the fucking 
he was giving her. She cried as she sucked on Bridget's clit, no 
longer  able to stop the tears.

"Take it, you lousy whore," Rocky said, grinning with evil delight 
as he skewered her  cunt. "Let's stretch that slimy little hole out 
and work it into shape! No bitch your age should  have a cunt this 
tiny! Shit, you should have been fucked looser than this by the 
time you got  out of high school!"

Sandy whined hopelessly, unable even to plead with Rocky 
because of the clit that filled her  mouth and the cunt that was 
plastered over her face. Bridget was climaxing one time after  
another, and Sandy cried at the unfairness of Bridget feeling so 
much pleasure while all she  was given was pain.

Pussy-juice poured all over Sandy's pretty face, glossing her 
beautiful features with a coat  of slimy liquid. 

Bridget banged her ass against Sandy's face as one climax after 
another  runibled through her wet cunt. She clamped her powerful 
thighs so tight around Sandy's head  that the captive blonde 
couldn't move an inch in any direction.

There was nothing Bridget loved more than forcing some bitch to 
suck her clit. Waves of  pleasure washed through her big, sexy 
frame, growing so intense that she could hardly stand  them. She 
couldn't remember ever having cum so powerfully.

Sandy gasped with agony as Chuck leaned beneath her and 
captured one of her long, pink  nipples between his teeth. Arnie 
did the same on the other side, and Sandy squirmed and  
thrashed in anguish as the two men chewed cruelly on her 
nipples. 

It felt to the violated beauty  as if they were devouring her alive, 
eating her nipples right off her proud, pointy tits. Arnie  opened 
his mouth wide and took over half of her left tit inside his mouth.


"Fuck me back, you skinny bitch!" Rocky shouted, pounding his 
big fist down into the  small of Sandy's back. "Shake your slutty 
ass and squeeze that scummy little cunt on my big  prick!"

Sandy wanted to scream at Rocky, wanted to get a gun and 
shoot him. But as he pounded  first one fist and then the other 
into the small of her back, she knew she was going to have to  
obey him. She rotated her ass in wide, slow circles, trying to 
wring the jism from his cock.  Her pussy was almost numb with 
agony, but she closed it as completely as she could around  the 
pillaging stalk of his prick.

"That's it, Sandy-slut," Rocky said, fucking her mistreated cunt-
hole with his long, thick  cock. He circled her tiny waist with his 
hands and started jerking her back against him. 

"Fuck! Shake that ass, slut! Squeeze that dirty little pussy on my 
great big cock!"

Sandy breathed a sigh of relief into Bridget's swamping, 
spasming pussy. Even though  Rocky was fucking into her torn 
cunt more savagely than ever, spearing his cock so deep  inside 
her that his fat cock-head slammed her cervix like a battering 
ram, it was better than  the wild, erratic fucking he had been 
giving her before. Sandy braced herself against the toilet  and 
offered her sweet ass up to be pounded mercilessly.

Rocky fucked her so fast that his muscular ass became a blur. 
He pounded her into the  toilet until the porcelain bowl shook with 
the force of his fucking. 

Sandy quaked and tossed  under him helplessly, unable to hold  
steady under the brutal speed and savage power  of his thrusting. 
His cock was like a fist inside her, pounding her insides to pieces.
Arnie and Chuck stopped biting her to watch the savage fucking, 
and they cheered Rocky on as he fucked Sandy to submission.
The gorgeous blonde landlady stopped sucking Bridget's clit as 
Rocky pounded her into the  toilet. Her mouth hung limp and her 
head lolled between Bridget's lush thighs. The world was  
spinning away from her. She felt as though she were being 
shoved down some long, dark  tunnel, pushed into some dark 
place where the only thing to keep her company was pain and  
sex.

"Sweet whore!" Rocky whispered, jerking Sandy back and forth 
on his huge cock as she  were nothing more than a senseless 
fuck-toy "I'm cumming, you dirty little bitch! Take-it,  whore! Take 
some fucking jism!"

Sandy mewled like a dying cat as Rocky's jism spurted deep 
inside her. She felt sick as the  viscous fuck-slime soaked into 
her inflamed cunt-flesh. She could feel it filling her, drenching  
her, and she cried at the shame of being so utterly defiled by the 
hulking man.

The sleek, sultry blonde cried openiy as Rocky's cum began to 
leak back out of her pussy.  Bridget and the men laughed at her 
despair and shame, and Rocky reached up to catch some of  the 
drooling fuck-slime and rub it all over the silky blonde triangie of 
Sandy's pussy-hair.  Sandy was still crying when Rocky pulled 
her head around to face his dripping cock.

"Open your mouth," he said, pointing his cock at Sandy's lips. 
The elegant blonde knew  what was going to happen when she 
did, but she was too weak to fight. "You've got a scummy pussy, 
slut! Now clean me off before I punish you for getting me dirty!"


Sandy gagged as Rocky slid his cock into the waiting socket of 
her mouth. She closed her  lips around his sliding prick, and in an 
instant her lush lips had been painted with cunt-juice,  cum and 
blood. 
She began to choke in earnest when Rocky pushed more of his 
cock into her  mouth, and she tried frantically to pull away when 
she realized that he meant to push the  whole ghastly length of 
his cock down her throat.

"No you don't," Bridget said cheerfully, grabbing Sandy by 
handfuls of her fluffy blonde  hair and jerking her head brutally 
forward on the huge, soiled cock. "You suck that cock like  you 
love it, Sandy! You better love it, because that's about a third of 
what you'll be doing  from now on!"

Sandy gagged around the throat-clogging girth of Rocky's cock. 
Spit filled her mouth and  soon it was running out over her wide-
stretched lips, coursing down over her chin in a  glistening wave.

She grunted, her beautiful face twisting in pain, as Chuck fucked 
his cock inside her  sloppy, battered pussy. Chuck's big cock 
made a wet squishing sound as it plumbed Sandy's  injured 
pussy, and all four of her attackers laughed at the sound. Sandy 
burned with shame, her golden tan reddening to bright  crimson.

"Now you're getting into it, Sandy-slut," Arnie said, stroking his 
huge, hard cock. "Two  cocks at once is the least of what you 
ought to be doing. A bitch like you should be able to  handle a 
dozen with no trouble."

Sandy cried out in shame at Anije's degrading words, feeling dirty 
beyond endurance by  him and his friends. Her cunt spasmed 
with agony every time Chuck fucked his huge cock  inside her. 
Her throat felt as though it was getting a sandpaper massage 
every time Rocky  plugged it with his too thick slab of cock-meat.

Bridget whipped Sandy's head back and forth, tiny orgasms 
peaking inside her from just  the sight of the beautiful blonde's 
face being fucked so obscenely.

Sandy's svelte, limber body was crushed into less than two feet 
of space by the double  fucking and the toilet bowl. Her back was 
arched and her sexy ass was waving high in the air.  Bridget's 
cunt spasmed with exdtement as she watched the elegant blonde 
battered and twisted  and fucked into submission, and she 
impaled Sandy's face even more brutally on Rocky's  cock.

Sandy's mind was reeling from all the terrible things that were 
happening to her at once. Her mouth was full of throbbing, dirty 
prick.  Her cunt was getting pounded raw by a third brutally 
pounding cock. Her lush lips blubbered  around the pistoning 
shaft of Rocky's cock, making filthy wet noises. Each plunge of 
Chuck's  prick inside her cunt sounded like a sponge being hit 
with a baseball bat.

Chuck leaned down low over Sandy's bowed back and grabbed 
her firm tits. He rabbit- fucked her, whipping his cock inside her 
pussy with short, lightning-fast strokes that made the  sexy 
blonde grunt with pain and drove the air from her lungs. He dug 
his fingers into the  silky soft flesh of her tits, using the pointy 
mounds as handles to whip her back and forth on his cock.

Sandy's pussy fought the brutal fuck at first, but soon it had been 
battered into submission  by the powerful stroking of the fat stalk 
of fuckmeat. Every jolting fuck-thrust left her dazed  and 
breathless. The juicy stirring of his cock inside her sodden pussy 
was joined by the meaty  impact of his hard abdomen against her 
bronzed, rounded asscheeks. Sandy gripped the toilet  bowl with 
all her failing strength and prayed that the savage assault would 
end.

Rocky moaned with pleasure as Bridget moved Sandy's helpless, 
beautiful face back and forth over his rock-hard cock. He had 
cum  only moments before, but his balls were swollen and his 
cock was twitching with excitement.  He had never felt a throat as 
tight as Sandy's, and it was driving him wild.
"Yes!" he shouted, pumping his hips as though he were fucking a 
cunt instead of a throat.  "Suck some cum, you dumb whore! 
Swallow some jism, you skinny bitch!"

"Right on!" Chuck yelled, leaning his full weight onto Sandy's 
chained, limber body and  fucking his cock deep inside her 
injured pussy. "Take it at both ends, landlady! Your cunt  getting 
a taste for this sweet fuck juice yet?"

Rocky blasted jism right down the desperately constricting 
channel of Sandy's throat. She  choked and coughed on the 
gummy fuck-cream, but as quickly as she coughed it up, Rocky  
fucked it back down her throat with the gullet-clogging shaft of his 
cum-spouting prick. 

The  jism filled Sandy's mouth, and she gagged at the salty, 
meaty taste of it.

Chuck's jism was blasting deep inside her cunt, mixing with the 
cum-loads his two friends  had already pumped inside her 
unwilling body. 

Sandy's pussy clutched wildly at the fat bursts  of jism, squeezing 
in a desperate, futile attempt to expel the cum and the horrid cock 
that was  spattering it inside her. 

Fresh cum drooled from her swollen pussy, mixed with stale cum 
and  the sticky, transparent juice of Sandy's pussy.

Sandy gasped and squirmed against the toilet, trapped helplessly 
between the two cumming  men. Her mind exploded with horror 
at the thought that two men were emptying their balls  into her 
sultry, captive body at the same time. 

Only the sleaziest whores took on men two at a  time.

Bridget jerked Sandy's head back, pulling her lush lips off Rocky's 
still-spurting cock.  Sandy gasped in shock and disgust as- milky 
lines of jism splashed against her face. More cum  drooled out 
over her lips in a bubbling mix of fuck-juice and spit. Rocky 
grabbed his bursting  cock and jerked on it, wringing out greasy 
stands of jism all over the dazed beauty's upturned  face.

"Like that, whore?" Bridget asked, laughing with delight at the 
sight of Sandy's beautiful  face being so utterly fouled. "Here, tiny 
tits, let me help you out a little more!"

Bridget spit at Sandy's face, and the degraded blonde cried out in 
dismay as the spit  splattered against her cheek.

Rocky's orgasm was fading, and he moved closer, letting the last 
of his cum dribble out  over Sandy's face again and again, adding 
her saliva to the mix of cum and pussy-juice that  already soiled 
her perfect features.

"My turn," Arnie said, pushing Rocky aside and pushing his huge 
cock against Sandy's  limply parted lips. "Wet me down good, 
Sandy-slut."

Sandy stared in disbelief down the long, fat shaft of Arnie's cock. 
It seemed impossible to  her that such a huge log of meat could 
stand so stiff and straight. She heard the wet splattering  of 
Chuck's cum as it dribbled back out of her saturated pussy, and 
felt the slow, wet drool of  Rocky's jism down her pretty face. 
She clamped her mouth tightly shut, swearing to herself  that she 
wouldn't take anymore.

"All right, then," Arnie said, smiling at the tortured beauty's pitiful 
rebellion. "I was going  to be nice and let you lube me down 
before I stuck my cock up your virgin little shitter, but if  you'd 
rather have it go up dry, I guess that's your business."

For an instant, Sandy's horrified mind refused to believe what 
Arnie was saying. Slowly,  sadly, the truth dawned on the 
victimized blonde. She was a helpless captive in her own home,  
a defenseless fuck-toy for Arnie and the others. They had already 
fucked her cunt and mouth.  There was no reason to believe that 
they wouldn't rape her asshole too.

Sandy planted a long, wet kiss on the bulging head of Arnie's 
cock.

"That's it, Sandy-slut," Arnie said, his smile growing wider. "Slick 
it down real good and  maybe I won't tear you in half when I 
shove this big cock all the way up your shitty little ass."

Sandy couldn't imagine anything that would save her from death 
when Arnie fucked his  huge log of cock-meat up her tiny, virgin 
shitter. She had never even imagined a man sticking  his cock up 
her asshole. The reality of being fucked with a cock as freakishly 
long and fat as  Arnie's filling her mind with terror.

She tried to open her mouth wide enough to take Arnie�s cock 
inside, but it was just too  huge. The thought that Arnie was going 
to plunge a cock too large to fit between her lips up  the thin 
chute of her asshole made the sexy, beaten blonde shake with 
fear. 

She kissed and  licked her way up and down his prick-shaft 
instead, drooling over the stiff cock the way a  hungry dog would 
a juicy bone. She lathered the fat cock with her tongue and 
nuzzled it  lovingly with her lips, all the time trembling in horror at 
where the huge prick was headed.

"Good job," Arnie said, pulling his spit-dripping cock back from 
Sandy's slavishiy  working lips arid circling around behind her 
"The secret here is to relax, Sandy. If you tense  up, I'm going to 
rip you up for sure."
The others laughed.

"Falling down on the job, aren't you, you lazy cunt?" Bridget 
hissed, twisting Sandy's head  around by her long, golden hair. 
"You're supposed to be wing your scummy little mouth, too!  I'll 
tell you what tiny tits, to make up for forgetting, how about you 
sucking out my shitter  this time instead of my pussy?"

Sandy screamed out in rage and terror and disgust as Bridget 
dragged her face over the  swampy gash of her pussy and back 
between the cheeks of her luscious ass. 

Only the terror of  what Arnie was going to do to her tiny ass-
chute with his monster cock kept Sandy from  throwing up when 
she got her first smell of Bridget's asscrack and felt the first brush 
of wet  warmth against her cheeks.

"Suck my ass and I'll make Arnie go slow," Bridget said, winking 
at the men. "Stick out  your tongue and lick all over my pretty ass, 
then stick your tongue right up my asshole. And  kiss my pretty 
asshole, too."

Sandy moaned with shame and disgust, but she figured that 
anything that might spare her  from the full fury of Arnie's pillaging 
cock was worth trying. Despair filled the beautiful,  elegant blonde 
as she realized how quickly Bridget and the others had broken 
her to their will,  and how far down the path of debauchery they 
had forced her.

Sandy retched uncontrollably at her first taste of Bridget's 
asscrack. There was a base,  earthy taste that could have only 
been one thing, and Sandy's sleek, sultry body shook with her  
gagging as she tasted it. Bridget and the others laughed at her as 
she gagged, and Arnie  slapped his monster cock against the 
cheeks of her tanned ass.

Sandy wanted to turn her head away, but she knew now that 
whatever her evil captors  demanded of her they would get one 
way or another. Trembling with disgust, she slipped her  tongue 
back out over the humid crack of Bridget's ass.

The voluptuous redhead stuck fingers up her cunt as Sandy 
licked her asscrack. She  denched her lush asscheeks playfully, 
squeezing Sandy's pretty face in a vise of filthy wet  warmth. 

As she plunged her fmgers deep inside her sloppy cunt, she 
rocked her hips back and  forth over Sandy's trapped face, 
smearing the filth of her ass all over the gorgeous, captive  
blonde.

At the same time, Rocky and Chuck were spreading Sandy's silky 
asscheeks wide, and  Arnie was fitting the big head of his cock 
into the narrow crack, planting the huge tip right on  top of the tiny 
pink bud of her asshole. Arnie's cock dwarfed the tiny ring of 
Sandy's asshole,  and even he began to wonder if he was going 
to be able to fuck it inside.

At first, all Sandy felt was a dull, unyielding pressure. It seemed 
as though her asscheeks  were being spread farther and farther 
apart, that her long, lean body was being folded up into  an even 
smaller mound of space. Then her tiny asshole began to part 
before the monstrous  advance of Arnie's big cock-and the real 
pain began.

"Give my asshole a great big wet kiss," Bridget said, fucking 
three fmgers inside her  stealning cunt as she watched Arnie fuck 
the fist-sized head of his cock into the desperately  resisting circle 
of muscle at the mouth of Sandy's asshole. "Plant those slutty 
lips around my  asshole and stick your tongue all the way inside. 
French-kiss my asshole, Sandy-slave! French- kiss my asshole 
to tell me you love me!"

Sandy whimpered with the agony that was flaring through her 
captive, helpless body. She  would have said or done anything to 
stop the pain that was flowering out from the stretching  outer ring 
of her asshole.

Sandy planted her lush lips over the ring of Bridget's asshole, still 
hoping that she could  please the voluptuous redhead into 
slowing the assault on her own helpless ass-chute. 

Her gorge rose again as she slipped her tongue up the filthy 
chute of Bridget's asshole, but she  squirmed her lips around the 
tight, circular bud and drove her tongue into the dirty hole as  far 
as it would go. 

Her tongue touched something thick and moist and Sandy 
thought she was  going to die, but she squirmed her tongue 
around inside the filthy channel as though she loved  everything 
she was tasting.

All three of the men were holding onto Sandy's hips, keeping her 
in place as Arnie fucked  his massive cock inside her. The lean, 
sultry blonde squirmed her upper body, her silky skin  bathed in 
glistening sweat from the strain and agony of what was 
happening.

Sandy shrieked into the tight ring of Bridget's asshole as the 
outer ring of her ass muscles  gave way and her hole opened to 
the ruining advance of Arnie's gigantic prick. The bowed  beauty 
could feel the muscles relax, worn to exhaustion by the relentless 
pressure of Arnie's  rock-hard cock. 

Then she felt them resist again as they were extended to the 
limits of their  elasticity. When they gave way the second time, 
tearing under the merciless advance of  Arnie's cock, Sandy 
thought she was going to pass out.

One ring of muscle after another gave way and then was torn 
asunder by the brutal,  relentless advance of Arnie's thick cock. 
Sandy's tiny shitter spread wide as Arnie wedged his  cock up her 
ass. Her shitter grew wet with blood as Arnie tore his way inside 
her, the  lubrication making it even easier for him to push every 
last ghastly inch of his enormous  prick inside her.

Sandy's sleek, golden body went limp against the toilet. She 
trembled uncontrollably even  as sweat dripped from her sinuous 
body. Her lips slipped from Bridget's asshole and her eyes  
flickered shut. 

She was still conscious, but she was going into shock from the 
awful pain and  continual outrages her four attackers were 
committing on her helpless, sexy body.

Arnie's balls slapped the swollen lips of her pussy as he drove the 
last inch of his cock  inside her split shitter. 

He squirmed his cock around inside the pain-drenched shit-chute,  
reveling in the wet tightness of the ravaged channel. Then he 
pulled his monstrous cock back,  smiling at the red and brown 
paint job Sandy's asshole had given it.

And then he slammed it back in.

Sandy's head dropped forward into the toilet water as Arnie 
fucked her ripped-open  asshole with his foot-long cock. The cool 
water brought her back around, but every savage  plunge of 
Arnie's cock into her ruined shitter fucked a little more of the life 
out of her. Her  arms slipped from around the bowl to drag limply 
against the floor, and she let her head drag  in the water. Every 
killing fuck-thrust pushed her forward a little more, until her head 
was  banging against the far side of the toilet bowl with each new 
fuck plunge.

"Worthless little bitch!" Bridget gasped, lifting up off the toilet bowl 
as Arnie's brutal ass- fucking pushed Sandy's svelte body farther 
over into it. "Can't even get your ass fucked and  suck ass at the 
same time! What the fuck are you good for?"

Even in her pain-fogged state, the elegant beauty could feel 
shame at the way her  tormentors were using her helpless body.

"Well, piss on you if you can't do your little chores," Bridget said, 
squatting high over the  bowl so the men would have a clear look 
at what she was doing. "Piss on your good for  nothing, scrawny 
little bod."

"Oh no!" Sandy whispered as Bridget pissed on her, her voice so 
low and shaky that no one  but her could hear it. "Oh please no! 
Not this! I'm not a toilet!"

Bridget laughed as she pissed on the helpless, beautiful blonde, 
moving her ass slowly back  and forth so she could soak every 
inch of Sandy's twisting, tawny body with her stinging,  stinking 
piss. The burning liquid splattered in-to Sandy's satiny blonde 
hair, stained her  flawless bronzed back with dirty yellow. The 
piss ran rivers down over Sandy's face, coursed  down from her 
silky skin to splash into the toilet water.

"Oh yeah!" Arnie shouted, fucking his huge cock even more 
brutally into the ruined  chainiel of Sandy's shitter. "Piss all over 
the landlady, Bridget! Give the sexy slut a bath in  your piss!"

Arnie groaned as his cum blasted deep up the broken blonde's 
pulverized shitter. His jism  spurted from his thigh-thick cock like 
water from a firehose, spitting so far inside Sandy that  it felt to 
the pain-dazed beauty that it was pooling in her stomach. He 
fucked her quicker than  ever as he filled her asshole with cum, 
bludgeoning his fat cock through the weakly clasping  ruins of her 
asshole. 
As his cock began to slip back down the reamed-out chute of her 
ass,  Sandy screamed in new agony. His salty cum burned like 
lava as it slipped back out her  wounded ass-chute.

"No more!" Sandy gasped as Arnie pulled his stffl-hard, still-
dripping cock from her  ravaged asshole. "Please, I can't stand 
anymore! Please have mercy on me!"

"Mercy?" Arnie shouted, showing off his blood-drenched cock to 
the others. He wiped the  slime all over the silky globes of 
Sandy's perfect ass. "That's the one thing we're fresh out of,  
pretty bitch! We're going to keep fucking you until you can't fuck 
anymore! Then we'll stop!"

"Can't," Sandy whispered, the last of Bridget's piss running over 
her sleek, tanned body.  "Can't ... "

"Not until you say you can't, little tits," Bridget said, and then she 
grunted with strain.  "Until you really can't. Either we'll make you 
so tough it's not fun to fuck with you, or we'll  fuck you to death."

"Either way, you'll end up loving it," Chuck said, dropping to his 
knees between Sandy's  slender legs and fucking his fat cock up 
her ass. "Shit, sex is just the warm up! Wait until we  use the 
whips!"

"Or the rings for your nipples and pussy," Bridget said, grunting 
again.

"Or the branding iron," Rocky said.

Sandy opened her mouth to beg again, but before a word pasd 
her lips, a wet, dark weight  slapped against the back of her head, 
then slid slowly through her golden hair and down  across her 
cheek. Her nose told her what it was before she saw it, and she 
began to retch  uncontrollably.
Bridget was shitting on her.

Turd after turd dropped down onto Sandy as Bridget emptied her 
bowels. Turds dropped  in-to her hair and slid over her face. 
Turds slapped against her shoulders and back. One long,  curling 
turd plopped down right between Sandy's shoulders. It took every 
ounce of Sandy's  self-control to keep from throwing up as 
Bridget shit all over her.

"Right on!" Chuck shouted happily, shooting another load of jism 
up Sandy's reamed out  asshole. "Right on, Bridget! Show 
Sandy-slut her place! Shit all over the sexy bitch!"

"Skinny whore!" Bridget gasped, climaxing again and again as 
she shit-bombed her  helpless, sultry landlady. "I've wanted you 
for a long time, Sandy! I'm going to turn your  scrawny ass into 
something even your mama wouldn't recognize!"

"I've got to take a piss," Arnie said, aiming his huge cock right at 
Sandy's pretty face.  "Normally I'd just use the toilet, but it looks 
like some lazy slut's laid down on the job."

Sandy tensed as Arnie pissed all over her face. She turned her 
head, but Rocky stepped up  to the other side and pissed on her 
from that direction too. After a moment, Chuck pulled his  still-
dripping cock from her reamed-out, cumdripping asshole and 
started pissing too. He  aimed his stream of piss right at the 
mound of shit that lay in the center of Sandy's shoulder  blades. 
As he pissed on it, the turd dissolved, painting Sandy's tan skin a 
dirty shade of brown.

And finally Sandy did throw up, spilling her dinner into the toilet 
they had chained her to,  and as she did, her four tormentors 
laughed at her and called her names. Then Bridget pushed  
Sandy's head under the dirty toilet water. 




CHAPTER THREE


Arnie dragged Sandy from the bathroom by the cuffs that bit into 
her slender wrists.  Sandy came awake as he pulled her through 
the hall to the living room, and then she saw  something that 
made her scream in horror

"What's the matter, Sandy, don't you like your new bedroom?" 
Bridget asked, trying to  sound sad but giggling as she asked the 
question. "We made it especially for you."

Sandy's new bedroom was a tlny cage. It was no more than a 
foot high and three feet  across. Sandy couldn't irnaagie anyway 
she could fit in-side it, but there was no doubt that it  was the 
destination Arnie was dragging her to. The most horribje thing 
about it was the chain  that led from it up to a pulley in the ceiling. 
The cage could be pulled off the floor. They  were going to stuff 
her into that tiny cage and hoist her off the ground like a caged 
bfrd.

"No!" Sandy marmured as Arnie dragged her toward the cage. 
"Please, no! I'll do  anything you want! You can fuck me anyway 
you want to! Please don't put me in there!"

"Fucking bitch!" Arnie growled, stopping to kick Sandy hard in her 
silky ass. "Taking a  free ride, bitch? If you're awake you ought to 
be on your hands and knees, crawling like the  slut you are!"

Bridget, Chuck and Rocky gathered around Sandy, kicking her 
lean, lithe body and spitting  on her face and tits. 

Slowly, painfully, the sexy blonde rolled over onto her hands and 
knees.  It took every ounce of her strength just to lift herseff from 
the ground, and pain lanced up  like burning needles through her 
ass and pussy.
"Now crawl, Sandy-slave!" Bridget hissed, kicking Sandy brutally 
in the pit of her flat  little stomach. "Drag your lazy, worthless ass 
into that cage!"

Sandy had to turn her shoulders to wedge them through the 
cage's tiny door. Fiery agony  coursed up from her pussy and 
asshole with every push of her legs against the plush living  room 
carpet. Sandy's head hit the far side of the cage before her ass 
had entered the tiny door,  and the sensuous blonde collapsed in 
a heap, her long, lean legs sliding out from under her  and her 
head dropping to her arms.

"Bitch!" Bridget screamed, driving her foot savagely into the 
swollen, pooching pocket of  Sandy's pussy. "Lazy, worthless 
whore! Shag that ass, bitch! It's time to crawl into your new  
home, you skinny little whore!"

The others gathered around Sandy's ass, lashing her ass and 
pussy and thighs with brutal  kicks. Every jolting impact sent new 
waves of pain shooting through Sandy's sleek, tawny  body. 
Finally, unable to bear it any longer, she began to inch her way 
forward into the cage.

Stuffing herself into the tiny cage was the hardest thing Sandy 
had ever had to do. Every  muscle in her body screamed with 
fatigue as she twisted and turned her way into the tiny steel  box. 

She had to fold her knees to her ears to get into the tiny cage, 
and spread her legs out  wide to either side of her body. She had 
to press her face against the floor of the cage and  press her ass 
against its top to fit herself inside.

"I'll be damned," Rocky said as he shut the tiny door and 
snapped its huge lock shut. "I  never thought she was going to be 
able to get in there. That's an awful lot of bitch for such a  tiny 
fucking cage."
"I told you," Bridget said, smirking at Sandy as the caged blonde 
moaned in agony. "All  the skinny little cunt ever did was shake 
her ass through her ballet and her yoga shit. A few  days in this 
cage will tell us just how fucking limber she really is."

Sandy moaned in despair at the idea of spending days in the tiny 
metal cage. Her shoulders  and neck were already starting to 
ache horribly from the way they were smashed against the  
bottom of the box, and her impossibly wide-spread legs were 
already tingling from lack of  circulation. Her silky thighs were 
crowded so closely against the sides of her head that she  could 
barely draw a breath.

Then something worse happened. Arnie and Rocky started to lift 
her into the air.

Sandy screamed as the cage lifted into the air. The swinging of 
the tiny metal box made the  strain on her svelte body even 
worse. Arnie and Rocky lifted the cage to their waist level, and  
when they walked back toward her, their rockhard cocks in hand, 
Sandy uttered a tiny,  broken moan of despair. She was certain 
that she knew what was going to come next.

"Here's the cart," Bridget said proudly, wheeling Sandy's dinner 
cart from the kitchen.  "You guys can do whatever you want with 
her, but I get first dibs on the vibrators. I'm going  to make the 
silly whore cum."

Sandy looked at the cart with a sick, tired fascination as Bridget 
picked up two silver  torpedoes of shining metal. A hopeless 
moan escaped her lips when she saw what was  arranged on the 
three shelves of the cart. There were tongs and pins, long staffs 
of iron and  vicious-looking clamps. There were dildos of every 
size, some spiked, others sporting straps  and rubber balls. 


There were coiled whips and ping pong paddles, canes and riding 
crops.  There were metal rings and candles and dozens of other 
devices. On the bottom shelf there  was a small generator.

Bridget clicked the vibrators on.

"Like it, don't you, Sandy-slut?" Bridge laughed happily as she 
touched one vibrator to the  shuddering, silky skin of Sandy's ass 
and slid the other along the cum-stained smoothness of  her 
inner thighs. "You bet you do, you skinny tramp! I'm going to 
make you so crazy with  these little babies that you won't know 
what the fuck to do!"

The vibrators made Sandy's firm, bronzed skin shake, heated her 
flesh until it felt like she  was burning. They tickled and massaged 
away the itch at the same time.

Sandy tried with every ounce of her will power to keep from 
responding to the seductive  touch of the vibrators, but as Bridget 
brushed them over her firm ass and long, lean thighs,  she began 
to squirm with pleasure.

"That's it, slut!" Rocky growled. He scowled and pulled a cigarette 
from his pocket.  "You're just a dirty little whore, aren't you?"

Sandy stared with wide-eyed tenor as Rocky lit the cigarette. 
Chuck picked a handful of  pins up off the dinner cart, and a tiny 
mewl of horror escaped the trapped beauty. Still she  couldn't still 
the slow, sensual squirming of her sleek body against the enticing 
massage of  Bridget's vibrators. 

She knew that Rocky and Chuck were going to hurt her terribly, 
but she  was feeling things now that she had never felt before.

"Suck my cock," Arnie said, picking up two strong metal clamps 
from the table and stepping in front of Sandy's face. 
The huge head of his cock would just fit between the bars of her  
cage. "Give me a good blow-job, landlady."

Sandy stared up at the huge man with hate and desperation. 
Horrible pain tore through her  body, both from the savage rapes 
of her pussy and cunt and from the horribly unnatural posi- tion 
the cage forced her into. Her face was crushed against the bars, 
an easy target for Arnie's  massive cock. She clamped her lips 
tightly shut and stared at him defiantly.

"Stupid bitch," Rocky said, and dragged the lit tip of his cigarette 
over the slender bicep of  Sandy's right arm.

"Noooooo!" Sandy howled as fire burned her flesh. She writhed 
wildly inside the cage,  swinging it from side to side. "Bastards! 
Bastards! Bastards!"

Rocky moved the cigarette at a speed just fast enough to keep 
from scarring the sultry  blonde beauty, just slow enough to turn 
her bronzed skin a dark shade of red. 

He ran the  cigarette all over her arm, wiggling it into the sensitive 
fold of her elbow and then dragging it  straight up her tender inner 
arm. 

When Rocky touched the burning cigarette tip to her armpit,  
Sandy moaned with pain.

"That's it," Bridget said sarcastically, moving the vibrators all over 
Sandy's ass and upper  thighs. "Shake that pretty little ass. See, 
Sandy-cunt, you thought you were all tired out. Silly  bitch, you 
haven't even gotten started yet."

Rocky pulled the cigarette back to take a puff on it. The ember 
was flaring bright red  when he slid it over the tender flesh behind 
Sandy's right knee. The sexy slave screamed in  agony.
Sandy opened her mouth wide for the advance of Arnie's 
monstrous cock.

"Flap out your scummy little tongue," Arnie said, and when Sandy 
did, he snapped a metal  clamp shut on it.

Pain exploded through Sandy's head, pain more intense than any 
she had ever felt. She  tried to jerk her tongue back between her 
lips. The clamp was too big to fit inside her mouth.  Her tongue 
felt crushed beyond repair. She jerked her head from side to side, 
trying  desperately to dislodge the horrible metal clamp. Arnie and 
the others laughed at her pitiful  display, and Chuck stepped in 
with the pins.

Sandy screamed around the clamp as Chuck pushed his first pin 
into the firm, tanned flesh  of her left thigh. She thrashed 
helplessly inside her cage as he worked the pin around, sending  
waves of paralyzing pain through her svelte, sexy body. 

On the other side, Rocky pushed the  tip of his cigarette against 
the side of Sandy's right tit, and she jerked so hard that the cage  
bounced at the end of its chain.

Sandy surged wildly from one side of the cage to the other, 
unable to move more than a  few inches inside the tiny metal box. 
Her mind exploded with fw and desperation as she realed  how 
completely helpless she was. Every inch of her silky, sexy body 
was vulnerable to their  torture, and she was pinned so tightly 
inside the tiny cage that she couldn't move to protect  herself.

Arnie unsnapped the clamp from her tongue. Sandy tried to pull 
her tongue back inside  her mouth, but it didn't seem to want to 
move. It was as though Arnie had sprained her  tongue with the 
clamp. Then Arnie was rubbing the leaking, nasty head of his 
cock all over  her tongue, smearing it with greasy fuck-lube. 

As Sandy slowly, painfully, pulled her tongue  back inside her 
mouth, Arnie followed it with his cock.

At the angle she was forced into by her position in the cage, 
Sandy's open mouth was on a  straight line with her throat. Arnie 
pushed his huge cock straight down her gullet, stretching  her lips 
until they cracked and bled, wedging her jaws apart until they felt 
as though they'd  never fit together properly again. 

When his cock-head plugged her throat, Sandy struggled  
desperately, unable to breathe at all. Arnie didn't care. He 
scoured her constrictive throat with  his main-moth cock, plugging 
the tight channel so cornpletely that Sandy thought he might not  
be able to pull it back out.

Arnie moaned in pleasure at the tight clasp of Sandy's throat. She 
gagged uncontrollably as  he fed her his whole foot of cock, and 
the frantic squeeflng of her throat around his monster  prick 
turned hirn on even more. With a grin, he reached through the 
bars of the cage and  snapped one of the clamps shut on Sandy's 
pretty cheek.

Sandy was lost in a world of hellish agony. Rocky and Chuck 
circled her supine, sexy  body, burning her and stabbing her at 
will. Chuck stabbed a pin into the long, brown bud of  her left 
nipple, and Sandy's back arched with anguish. Rocky touched his 
cigarette high on her  inner thighs, right next to where Bridget was 
teasing pleasure from Sandy with her vibrators.  The pain was so 
intense that Sandy wanted to die.

Arnie's balls settled heavily over Sandy's chin and his black 
crotch hair pressed into her  nose and forehead. His cock 
plugged her throat so completely that she couldn't breathe, and  
her trapped, sultry body squirmed with desperation as she slowly 
suffocated. Arnie worked on  her beautiful face with his clamps, 
sending sharp bolts of pain through her head.
But there was something else too, something that was 
threatening to drive Sandy mad. She  was feeling pleasure.

Her three masters were visiting a dozen different varieties of pain 
on her helpless, sexy  body. But she was feeling pleasure too, 
pleasure that was being forced on her unwilling body  by the 
vibrators Bridget was moving over her ass and thighs.

Sandy's lower body tingled with warmth and excitement, and she 
couldn't stop her cunt  from twitching, her ass from swinging from 
side to side Inside the narrow confines of the  cage. Bridget 
played the vibrators over Sandy's body, teasing the trapped 
beauty by moving  them all around her pussy and asshole without 
ever touching them to the quivering fuck- holes.

"Going to stick you like a pin cushion, you sexy whore!" Chuck 
whispered, pushing one  pin after another into the pointy cushions 
of Sandy's tits. "After I'm finished, we'll play  connect-the-dots all 
over your slutty little body!"

Sandy burned with shame at Chuck's words and squirmed with 
pain with each new pin he  stuck into her ravaged tits. Her perky 
nipples looked like the centers of a dart board, speared  with a 
dozen pins each, and the firm, pointy mounds which surrounded 
them were sprinkled  with dozens more steel bars. 

But the pain the pins caused was nothing compared to what she 
felt the first time Rocky dragged his cigarette over the pink lips of 
her pussy.

"That got the lazy whore going!" Bridget giggled like a schoolgirl 
as Sandy whipped her ass  from side to side in a frenzied attempt 
to escape the brush of Rocky's lit cigarette over her  tender 
pussy-lips. "Are you shaking your ass for a fuck, tiny tits? Here, 
you skinny slut, fuck  on this!"

Sahdy screamed around the throat-clogging girth of Arnie's cock 
as Bridget fucked a  vibrator up inside her devastated pussy. 
Pussy-juice filled her cunt. Waves of burning, pain-filled pleasure 
coursed through her trapped body, making her squirm and twist 
with passion.

Arnie moaned as Sandy's throat vibrated around his big cock. He 
bucked his ass, trying to  drive his cock even farther down her 
throat. He pulled at her lust pink lips with the clamps  until they 
stretched inches fromher teeth. 

Then he pulled at her cheeks until her face face was  pulled 
grotesquely out of shape. He had never felt any pleasure to equal 
that Thof Sandy's tiny  throat struggling hopelessly around his 
massive slab of cock. He felt like he was going to cum  any 
second.

Sandy felt the exact same way, and it terrified and revolted her. 
Never in her life had she  orgasmed, but she could feel her cunt 
twitching, her clit wriggling under the electrical  stimulation of the 
vibrator. Sandy burned with humiliation at the idea that she could 
be  manipulated to a climax against her will.

And Sandy was terrified because of what the orgasm might 
mean. Could it be that she  really was some kind of slut, a pain-
loving whore who got off on being treated like an animal?  The 
idea made the luscious blonde wish she were dead.

Arnie looked down on the trapped beauty, smiling at what they 
had done to her. Sandy was  almost unconscious from lack of 
oxygen, and in her nwly blacked out state, her will power  was 
disappearing. She was about to cum, cum while she was being 
smothered to death by a  huge prick, while being turned into a 
human pin cushion, while being burned with a lit  cigarette in a 
cage that folded her body almost double. 

The sexy blonde landlady was a strong- willed bitch, but Arnie 
was confident now that she was going to break. After all, they had 
all  the time in the world to fuck her over, and there was nothing 
she could do to stop them.

The thought of how utterly helpless Sandy was sent a wave of 
excitement coursing through  Arnie, and his jism boiled up 
through his balls. He snapped his clamps shut on the corners of  
Sandy's lips and pulled her mouth wide open as he shot his 
spunk down her throat. 

Sandy's  spit and his pre-cum drooled down over her face, and a 
moment later it was joined by clotted  waves of jism. Arnie pulled 
his cock out of Sandy's throat and let her have it in her face.

Sandy smiled in pitiful gratitude as air filled her lungs once more. 
She choked on Arnie's  gooey jism, but even choking on a load of 
cum was better than being cock-smothered.

Arnie slapped and rubbed his spurting prick all over Sandy's 
beautiful face, bathing her  perfect features in slimy jism, but the 
cruelly trapped blonde didn't try to pull away. She  would have 
done anything for Arnie in gratitude for him letting her breathe 
again. She even  licked at his geysering prick when he rubbed it 
past her widw-open mouth.

"Cock-hungry whore," Chuck said, sticking pins alle over the 
tanned, silky firmness of  Sandy's rounded asscheeks. Look at 
the way she's going after that jism. She loves it! She's  nothing 
but a hot-assed tramp!"

"Tell us how it feels to cum!" Bridget cried, brutally fucking 
Sandy's cunt with one  vibrator while she dragged the other all 
over Sandy's quivering pink pussy-lip. "Talk to us,  you skinny 
little whore! Tell us every fucking thing you're feeling or I'm going 
to rip your  scummy pussy-lips right off your worthless cunt!"
Sandy gasped around a throatful of gummy fuck-cream, going 
into convulsions under the  vibrating fuck she was getting. Her 
cunt clamped around the vibrator so tightly that Bridget  ha to 
struggle to stab it back and forth. Her cunt gushed juice in waves 
that covered the second  vibrator in streams of sticky fluid.

"Good," Sandy said at last. She shrieked in sudden pain as Arnie 
joined Chuck in covering  her smooth back and long, slender 
arms with sharp-tipped pins. "Tickles! Hurts! Burns! It  feels so 
good! You dirty bastards! You're turning me into an animal!"

"Turn into one, then," Rocky said, and put out his cigarette on the 
vulnerable , pink ring of her asshole.

Sandy screamed insanely as her first-ever orgasm thundered its 
way through her tortured,  helpless body. She whipped her ass 
against the bars of the cage and banged her head against  the 
hard metal floor. 

Arnie and Chuck stuck pins in her palms and the soles of her 
feet, and  Rocky ground out his cigarette om the tender bud of 
her asshole. It all felt like pleasure to  Sandy. And when Rocky 
dropped his cigarette to the bottom of the cage, Bridget drove the  
second vibrator completely inside the clutching chute of Sandy's 
asshole.

The blonde's lean, sultry body bounced uncontrollably inside the 
tiny cage, writhing  against her will in an unbelievable erotic 
display of passion. She frothed at the mouth and  snapped at the 
air like a rabid dog. She cried out in despair, realizing finally and 
fully that her  body was no longer her own.

She was a slave.

And she couldn't stop cumming.

They watched her for almost thirty minutes before they left her. 
Even after they were  gone, the buzzing of the vibrators plunged 
deep in her pussy and asshole and the pain from the  pins that 
stuck out all over her sexy body kept her bucking and twitching 
through one orgasm  after another.

She could hear her tormentors rummaging through her 
possessions, tearing things up and  fixing their dinner. 

They went into her bedroom and she heard them laughing as 
they broke  up her things and shredded her clothes. Then she 
heard Bridget moaning with passion as she  took on all three of 
the men. 

Finally she heard nothing, and she cried like a lost soul at the  
knowledge that they had gone to sleep, leaving her hanging in 
her torture cage.

But she never stopped cumming. Even after her unnatural 
position had made her arms and  legs go numb and her back 
knot with cramps, she came. Sandy climaxed and cried, knowing  
that her life would never be the same again. 




CHAPTER FOUR


They left Sandy in the cage for three days. For three days they 
kept her trapped in the tiny  metal box, her legs folded on either 
side of her head, her arms and face and ass pressed  against the 
unyielding bars.

For the full three days they gave Sandy neither a bite to eat nor a 
drop to drink. They  tormented her by eating and drinking in front 
of her. They poured water onto the floor in  front of her and put 
food on a table inches in front of the cage. 
On the third day Bridget made Sandy plead for an hour for a 
glass of steaming yellow piss.  Sandy promised the voluptuous 
redhead everything, offered herself to her body and soul.  Then 
Bridget smashed Sandy's lips together with one of the big metal 
clamps and poured the  glass of piss all over her face.

During her three days in the cage, Sandy was being almost 
constantly molested. Often two  or three of her captors, and 
sometimes all four, would take part in her torture. Even during  
the few times when all four of her masters were gone there were 
vibrators and other devices  to continue her sexual abuse.

For the first two days they amused themselves with finding things 
of Sandy's to destroy in  front of her. They burned her picture 
albums, broke her china, smashed her furniture and  shredded 
her clothes. 

Sandy knew that they were destroying things from her old life to 
make  it easier for them to turn her into a mindless slave without 
a memory or past, but she couldn't  stop what they were doing 
from working.

They fucked her constantly through the bars of the cage. By the 
end of the three days  Sandy had been fucked dozens of times, in 
both her cunt and asshole. Even Bridget had fucked  her, using a 
variety of strap-on dildos. 

They used her mouth, too, though none of the men  would cum in 
her mouth and give her something to drink. By the third day her 
mouth was so  cracked and dry that the men gave up on blow-
jobs entirely.

By the fourth morning Sandy was broken. Arnie looked out at her 
from the doorway of  her bedroom and smiled proudly at what a 
good job they had done of enslaving the proud  blonde.

Sandy was a slave now, and a slave was what she was going to 
be for the rest of her life.  Three days of torture in the cage had 
broken her to her new life in bondage. Arnie figured  she was just 
about ready for the second part of her training.

"Good morning, slut," he said, walking into the living room. He 
was dressed, but his hard  cock was sticking out through his open 
zipper. "Hey, tramp, I didn't hear you say good  morning!"

"Good morning, sir!" Sandy croaked, her voice a dry whisper. 
"Please can I drink today?"

Sandy's lips were dry and cracked and swollen. Her tongue was 
swollen too.

Three days without food and water had robbed Sandy's body of 
what little fat it had  possessed. Even on her hands and knees, 
her silky stomach was a tight hollow. 

Arnie thought  she looked sexier than ever. Her tits even looked 
bigger now that she was so thin.

"You lazy slut," Arnie said evenly, walking around to the back of 
the cage. He unlocked  the door and swung it wide open. 
"Complaining after three days of not having to move a  fucking 
muscle. Get your lazy ass out of this thing! You've got some 
fucking work to do to  make up for all your fucking lying around!"

Sandy couldn't believe what she was hearing. Sometime the day 
before she had given up  hope of ever leaving the cage. 

She had figured they would leave her in there until she died  from 
thirst or hunger, then throw her out like some worthless bag of 
garbage. Her heart  pounded with excitement at the idea of being 
freed from the cage.

'Move it, you skinny bitch!" Arnie shouted, pinching her ass so 
hard that Sandy moaned  with pain. "You keep me waiting, 
whore, and you're going to be the sorriest little tramp that  ever 
lived! You hear me, slave?"

"The whore hears you, sir," Sandy said. The past three days had 
taught her to answer when  one of her masters spoke to her. "The 
slave's sorry. She won't keep you waiting, sir."

Sandy cried. Three days with her body doubled over inside the 
tiny cage had robbed her of  strength and put her arms and legs 
so deeply to sleep that she couldn't move them. Her  muscles 
were drawn into tight, knotted bunches, cramped so hard that 
they wouldn't move.  

Sandy tried to slide her legs back out from under her, but the pain 
that shot through her was  worse than any of the tortures her 
master had given her.

"Please!" she screamed, her voice still little more than a whisper 
through her dry throat.  "Please! Please!"

Sandy wasn't sure who she was begging to or what she was 
begging for. The pain that was  shooting up her long, lean legs 
and through her bowed back was so debilitating that her  already. 
confused mind blanked altogether. 

Animal instinct was what drove her to push her  legs out from 
beneath her.

"Faster, slave-slut!" Arnie yelled, grabbing a pin from the dinner 
cart and jabbing Sandy  in the ass. The muscles in her ass were 
drawn so taut that it was hard to stick the pin into her.  

"You worthless, lazy whore! If you want to stay in the fucking 
cage that bad I can always lock  you back up!"
Sandy whined like an animal, pushing her legs out through the 
cage's open door. Muscles  and tendons unfolded for the first 
time in three days, and free circulation returned where it  had 
been denied through all her time in the cage.

Sandy screamed and tumbled from the cage. She hit the floor, 
writhing in agony. Her  muscles twitched and spasmed, pulling 
her this way and that. Her skin burned with sheets of  fire as her 
circulation returned.

Cramps seized her legs and arms and stomach. She tried to 
straighten her neck and  screamed again as pain speared its way 
up through her head and down through her spine.

Rocky and Chuck came out of the bedroom. They both stopped 
and smiled when they saw  what was happehing. They had seen 
this before, with other women who had spent time in the  cage. 
They had never stuffed a bitch as tall as Sandy inside though, 
and the longest they had  ever left a slave inside before had been 
two days. They were more than a little interested to  see how the 
tall blonde had held up.

"Bridget's going to be pissed she missed this," Rocky said, puling 
his already-hard cock out  of his pants.

"Fuck her," Arnie said mildly. "She knew the slut had to come out 
today. She should have  hung around. Besides, we aren't the 
ones she's going to take it out on."

"That's right," Chuck said eagerly. "And we're going to be gone 
later getting the party  together."

Sandy listened to what the three men were saying, but their 
words had no meaning. The  only thing that meant anything to 
her now was the pain that was ripping through every inch of  her 
body. 
She squirmed on the floor like a dying, sexy snake, her lean body 
writhing and  jerking.

"Do you want a drink, slave-slut?" Arnie asked, kicking Sandy in 
her tits to get her  attention.

Sandy's eyes snapped open. Even through the agony that 
flowered through every inch of  her body she could hear the 
mention of something to drink. She licked her lips in a futile  
attempt to moisten them and stared pleadingly up at her three 
masters.

"You're a dancer, slave," Arnie said, kicking Sandy in the 
stomach this time. "Do the splits  for us and you can have 
something to drink."

Sandy whimpered with pain, but she tried to do as Arnie told her. 
She rolled onto her  stomach, moaning hoarsely with agony as 
the muscles in her sides and tensed and flexed  uncontrollably. 
The men gathered close around her to watch the muscles in her 
taut ass and  velvety thighs spasm.

The first time Sand tried to spread her legs she couldn't move 
them at all. Her stomach  muscles tightened so much in response 
to her trying that she screamed in sudden agony and  couldn't 
draw a breath. The muscles along her creamy flanks tensed and 
relaxed in rhythm,  making her jerk and twitch in terrible pain.

"Shit, Sandy-slut ain't even thirsty," Chuck said with a shrug. "Too 
bad, too. I've got to  take a wicked piss. Now I guess I'll have to 
flush it down the toilet."

"No!" Sandy gasped, licking her lips at the thought of a mouthful 
of steaming hot piss.  "Please gave me another chance! I'm 
trying! The slave's really trying!"

Sandy braced herself for agony and tried to spread her legs once 
more. Normally she  could have bounced into the splits without 
the slightest efforts. Now the task seemed almost  impossible. 
She tried to focus her dancing skills onto the effort, pointing her 
toes and staring  her movement with her calves instead of letting 
her thigh muscles do all the work.

Sandy spread her palms on the floor and slowly, painfully levered 
her legs apart. The pain  was awful. But before Sandy had spread 
her legs more than a few inches apart she was  shivering with 
weakness and agony. The muscles in her long, slender legs 
knotted with strain  and fatigue. Sandy banged her head on the 
floor, trying to drive away the pain in her legs by  focusing on 
other agonies.

The last few inches were the hardest. Dehydrated as she was, 
sweat glistened on her  bronzed body as she scissored her legs 
out to her sides. Pain shot through her swollen, over- worked 
pussy. Pain tore through the swollen, abused channel of her 
asshole. 

Agony worked  through the muscles of her sides and back and 
stomach. Her legs felt as though they were on  fire, and the 
muscles were tensed so powerfully that they stood out against 
her silky tanned  skin like cords of metal.

"Yes!" Sandy cried as she pushed her legs out across the floor 
and tipped herself up into a  sitting position. She stared up at the 
three cruel men, a strange look of defiance on her  beautiful face. 
"The slave did it! Now please give her something to drink! 
Please!"

Arnie smiled down at the sexy, slinky blonde. Staying in the splits 
was causing her  excruciating pain, but she looked sexy as hell 
with her long legs stretched out to either side.  Arnie fingered his 
huge cock, aiming it right down at her beautiful, upturned face.
"Open wide, slut," he said as he started pissing. "And you better 
not miss  drop, if you  know what's good for you."

Sandy opened her mouth wide, burning with humiliation as she 
guzzled down his piss. She  could feel the piss as it splashed 
down her throat, filling her empty, shriveled stomach. It  tasted so 
sweet that she wanted to cry with gratitude.

Arnie controlled the flow of his piss, and he aimed his cock 
carefully. No more than a few  drops of the stinking yellow fluid 
splattered over Sandy's pretty face. When his stream  weakened, 
Arnie stepped in closer, finally resting his enormous cock-head 
between Sandy's  dry, cracked lips. 

The thirst-maddened blonde sucked the last of his piss from his 
cock,  washing it around inside her dry mouth before swallowing 
it. She kissed his cock in gratitude  when he finished pissing.

"Now mine," Rocky said, and stepped up to take Arnie's place. 
"Swallow every drop,  slave-whore, or you'll spend the next four 
days back in that box."

Sandy opened her mouth to the stinking yellow blast of Rocky's 
piss. She was still dying of  thirst, and she swallowed eagerly as 
he splashed his piss into her mouth. While she drank  Rocky's 
piss, Arnie snapped cuffs around her wrists and ankles, and tied 
some kind of metal  rod to her widespread legs, but Sandy hardly 
noticed what he was doing. She was too busy  drinking down 
Rocky's sweet, stinking piss.

By the time Rocky fmished pissing, Sandy's stomach felt 
strangely full. She felt sick, and  her head was spininng. But her 
mouth was still dry, so when Chuck stepped up and demanded  
that she drink every bit of his piss, she opened her mouth and 
welcomed the salty, burning  spray. 

Rocky was helping Arnie set up some pulleys, but Sandy was 
really too light-headed to  keep track of what they were doing.

Halfway through Chuck's piss the first lightning bolts of pain shot 
through Sandy's  stomach. Her stomach was cramping around 
the sudden flood of liquid, her body rebelling  against being given 
so much fluid at once when it had been denied it for three long 
days.

"Oh, you dirty motherfuckers!" Sandy screamed, and Chuck 
stopped pissing as she let a  mouthful of piss splash out over her 
lips. "Bastards! Assholes! Killing me! Killing me!"

"Drink my piss," Chuck said, his voice level, "or you're going back 
in the cage."

Sandy clamped her lips tightly shut, but she knew she couldn't 
refuse Chuck's demand. Her  body shook with pain as she 
opened her mouth. The sucked-in cavity of her stomach was  
already twisting on the flood of piss it held. But she knew that 
anymore time in the cage  would break her completely, maybe 
even kill her.

Chuck made her drink every last drop of his piss. By the time she 
licked the last droplets  off the bulging head of his cock, Sandy's 
stomach was doing flips and turning cartwheels. 

The  pain was so incredible that it seemed to seize her chest and 
stomach with strong hands, first  crushing her head and then 
trying to tear her in two. Sandy hung her head, her silky blonde  
hair curtaining her beautiful face.

"Lift her up," Arnie said, and then the real pain began.

Sandy shrieked as she left the floor, and for the first time she 
took notice of how Arnie and  Rocky had bound her. 
Her arms were taped together above her head, the tape pinning 
her  arms together from her wrists to halfway up her forearms. 
Shackles circled her wrists, too,  and the chains were connected 
to them were part of what was lifting her into the air.

But the real pain was coming from her legs. The steel pipe that 
Arnie had taped to her legs  kept her trapped in her splits, her 
long legs forming a straight line out to her sides at the  bottom of 
her body. Shackles circled her ankles, too, and it was from these 
that most of her  weight rested. The already weakened and 
overexerted muscles in her thighs and calves were  stretched 
beyond endurance by this latest, most awful indignity. Sandy 
could feel them pulling  and tearing, and she cried in fear and 
pain.

"Let me down!" she gasped, looking frantically from one to 
another of her three masters.  "It's tearing me up! Please let me 
down! Please!"

"Okay, guys, let's see how far Sandy-slut can stretch," Arnie said.

They had lifted her no more than a foot and a half off the floor, 
and now all three of them  were scooting beneath her. They 
folded their legs together, and for a maddening instant Sandy  
thought they were going to fuck each other. 

Then she saw that they had laid down so that all  three of their 
cocks were bunched together, pointing skyward in a single, 
massive stalk of  fuck-meat. She also noticed that each of them 
was holding the end of one of the chains that  was suspending 
her from the ceiling.

"No!" she shrieked, her wide brown eyes going even wider with 
terror. "No! No, please,  please, no!"

"Yes," Arnie said, and started to lower her.
The split she was in pulled her cunt wide apart, but it was 
nowhere near large enough to  accommodate the trio of huge 
fuck-poles it was being lowered on. Sandy screamed as the  triple 
stalk of cock pushed against the swollen pink lips of her pussy.

There was nothing Sandy had ever felt to compare to the slow 
spreading of her cunt-lips  around the three massive pricks. At 
first her cunt-lips spread out around the three huge cock- heads, 
but after they had stretched as far as they could, they were pulled 
inside the mouth of  her cunt. Her pussy was trained well enough 
by now to start juicing at the first brush of a  hard cock, but no 
amount of lubrication could ease the unnatural triple fuck she was  
receiving.  And unbelievably, impossibly, her legs were being 
spread even farther apart. 

They pulled her leggs farther apart, then farther, and finally all 
three of the fist- sized cock-heads popped inside Sandy's tiny 
pussy. Sandy's asscheeks felt as if they had been  split apart and 
her legs no longer felt as if they were connected to her hips. 
Sweat poured off  her svelte body.

Rocky said, thrusting his ass up off the floor to drive a few more 
inches of his massive prick inside Sandy's  ravaged cunt. "You're 
full of a yard of cock, slut-slave And you love it!"

Look at that pussy!" Chuck sighed, pumping his hips fast, fucking 
the tortured beauty in  earnest even though she had descended 
less than halfway down the length of his prick. "You  wouldn't 
think a tiny little cunt could stretch that much!"
"
Sandy wanted to tell them that her cunt wasn't stretching, it was 
tearing, and it was hurting  her so badly that she couldn't stand it. 
She wanted to beg them to stop, promise them anything  if they 
would just pull their three huge cocks out of her body. But she 
knew it wouldn't do  any good.

She thought that she might find out soon, because what they 
were doing to her cunt was  killing her with anguish. They had 
released all the tension from the chains that were holding  her 
suspended, and she had no choice but to sink down over their 
enormous cocks. Sandy was halfwaydown the three monstrous 
pricks, aIl her weight suppprted by her stretched, tearing pussy.

The pressure was enormous. Her pelvis seemed to be 
separating. She wondered if this was how a woman felt while she 
was having  a baby, then decided that no woman would ever want 
a child if she had to suffer agony like  this. Her cunt, which had 
been stretched out by the past three days of constant rape, was  
tearing again under the unnatural triple intrusion.

"Pull her down," Arnie said, grabbing one of Sandy's silky thighs 
and pulling.  "Shake your lazy ass! you're getting fucked by a lot 
of cock, slut! You better fucking show your  appreciation by 
showing us how you much you love it!"

"When you cum, tell us about it, Sandy-slut," Rocky said, 
wrapping his big hands around Sandy's sexy hips. "Thank us for 
fucking your worthless ass good."

Then all three of the strong men yanked  her down on their huge 
cocks. Sandy didn't even scream. She just went limp. As the 
three men  tore her pussy to ribbons, something in her mind tore 
loose as well.

"Fuck those three giant cocks in my slutty little pussy!"she 
gasped, her wide brown eyes dulled wth agony, spit dribbling 
from the corners of her lush lips. 

"My cunt's ripping! I can feel your big cock-heads pressing 
agamst my womb, you're pulling me open so far! Please you're 
fucking my whole bdy! You're fucking me to death!"

"We haven't even started to fuck you yet," Arnie said as Sandy's 
drawn straight leg settled  across his body and her ass came to 
rest on his swollen balls. He bit her tanned calf until he  drew 
blood, then laughed at her moan of anguish. "Keep talking, slave-
slut! Describe what we're doing to your cum slut body!"

Sandy couldn't have begun to describe what the three huge 
cocks were doing inside her willowy body.  She didn't even want 
to consider the damage they were causing in her cunt. The tiny 
hole of  her cervix had been stretched wide, her pussy-lips had 
been pulled inside her cunt. She was  tearing under the inhuman 
assault of the three giant cocks.

"Look at her stomach," Chuck said, and Sandy looked too, then 
cried out in horror. "She  looks like she's pregnant! Hey, I wonder 
which one of us is the dad?"

They were all three the fathers of the mass of flesh that caused 
Sandy's tiny tummy to  bulge out so obscenely. As the three men 
fucked their cocks back and forth deep inside her,  the pain-
dazed beauty could even see one fat cock-head pressing against 
her lower belly,  edging its way clear up past her navel. She could 
feel that cock, too, grinding through the ruins of her cunt.

"I Hate you, I hate me! I love it!" she cried, her eyes wide as she 
stared down at her puffed out stomach. "Pulling me apart! Pull 
me a art!- Fuck my pussy! Fuck my pussy!"

Someone pulled -on the chains, lifting her up off the huge stalks 
of their cocks. Their cocks  moving back out of her pussy were 
almost as painful as when they had fucked them in. 

Blood  and pussy-cream bathed the three hard pricks. When the 
men released the chains the second  time, Sandy plunged down 
the stalks of their cocks, screaming every inch of the way.

"Fuck her!" Chuck started, almost out of his mind with the 
pleasure of the savage rape.  "Fuck the slave to pieces!"

"Fuck her!" Sandy screamed in agreement, whipping her head 
from side to side and  squirming her sleek, sweat soaked body 
against the chains and tape that bound her. "Fuck her  slutty ass 
to pieces! Fuck her until she cums! Fuck her until she dies!"

They were tearing her cunt to pieces, but Sandy didn't care. Her 
clit was throbbing wildly and her cunt was clenching in agonized 
spasms around the monster cocks that were  plunged inside it.
An orgasm smashed its way through her bound body, and Sandy 
screamed as it struck her, spittle flying from her parted lips.

The men lifted and dropped her faster and faster, and thrust their 
hips up to meet her every downward plunge. Sandy couldn't 
move her hips an inch in any direction, and she  absorbed every 
bone-jarring impact. 

By the time the men had dropped her on their cocks  twenty 
times, her back and legs felt broken and her pelvis seemed 
shaflered. Her cunt was a  tattered mess, stretched so wide 
around the three cocks that any of the men could have fit his  
head up inside her. But Sandy came with every new injury they 
inflicted.

The guys came almost at once, and Sandy screamed and 
snapped at the air as they pumped  her shredded cunt full of their 
jism. Their cum poured back out almost as quickly as they shot  it 
inside her, borne on sticky waves of blood and pussy-cream.

The last thing she remembered was each of the men wiping his 
cock clean all over her  face. She thanked each one for fucking 
her as they smeared her perfect features with jism and  blood and 
cunt-juice.

But before she collapsed into the welcoming arms of 
unconsciousness, Arnie did one last  thing to her. He unshackled 
her wrists, letting her flip upside-down to smash her head and 
shoulders against the floor. And then he shackled her ankles and 
hoisted them high up in the air, hanging her upside-down.

It was when he stuck both his arms up her pussy that Sandy 
passed out.




CHAPTER FIVE


Sandy woke up screaming. Someone was eating her cunt, biting 
at it, chewing on it as  though it were nothing but a tasty morsel of 
meat. Her brown eyes bulged with agony and  terror as she 
looked around for the source of the torture. When she saw 
Bridget's long, lush  legs, she whimpered like a beaten dog.

"Whore!" Bridget cried, gnashing her teeth viciously against 
Sandy's swollen red pussy-lips. "Tramp! Tease! Got them to let 
you out of your fucking cage, didn't you? Got them to fuck your 
skinny little ass, didn't you, whore? Well  now you're going to get 
yours, you hot-assed slut! Now I'm going to fucking show you 
who is  in charge around here!"

Sandy was still hanging upside-down, her spread wide cunt right 
at mouth level for  Bridget. The voluptuous redhead caught 
Sandy's pussy-lips one at a time between her sharp  white teeth, 
shaking her head and biting down until the beautiful blonde slave 
thought she was  going to tear them away. She bit at Sandy's 
inner thighs, dotting the tender flesh with red  welts that would 
soon fade to black and blue hickies. She bit at the tender band of 
flesh  between Sandy's cunt and asshole, and she even chomped 
on the ring of Sandy's asshole, biting  down so hard that Sandy 
wailed with agony.

"So you thought you were pretty hot shit sneaking out of your 
cage behind my back!"  Bridget hissed, snapping like a 
maddened dog at Sandy's pussy. "You might as well forget  
about that shit, you scrawny slut-slave! This isn't your house 
anymore! It's mine! And the shit  inside it belongs to me, too, and 
that includes you, you worthless cow! I own you, slave, tiny  tits, 
tight ass, scummy pussy and all!"

Bridget wedged her face between Sandy's thighs and bit down on 
the whole tender pocket  of Sandy's cunt. Sandy shrieked with 
agony as Bridget ground her strong jaws on the sensitive  flesh. 
And then Bridget slipped her mouth between Sandy's chewed 
cunt-lips and found the  tiny pink bud of her clit.

The pain was unbelievable. It was as though the very core of her 
being was being torn  away. Sandy jerked and squirmed wildly in 
a desperate, hopeless attempt to escape from the  terrible pain. 
But at the same time her cunt filled with dewy wetness and her 
pussy-lips began  to flutter like butterfly wings against Bridget's 
cheeks.

"You dirty whore!" Bridget whispered, gnawing on Sandy's cunt-
slit the way she might  have chewed on a piece of beef jerky. 
"You're getting off! Scummy little slut! Here, tramp,  kiss my 
pretty foot to tell me you're sorry!"

Sandy groaned with despair when Bridget pawed at her lips with 
her right foot. The  voluptuous redhead's toenails scratched 
Sandy's cheeks and lips and nose. The dirty sole of her  foot 
rubbed all over Sandy's beautiful face. 

A burst of passion flashed through Sandy's pain-wracked body at 
the touch of Bridget's dirty, stinking foot, and she cried at the 
thought that she had been reduced to such a slufly animal by the 
big redhead and her friends. She parted  her lips and let Bridget 
stick her toes inside.
Sandy came as she sucked on Bridget's toes, an orgasm rattling 
through her bound, pain- filled body as she licked the filth off 
Bridget's foot.

While Bridget tore at Sandy's cunt with her teeth, the enslaved 
blonde tenderly licked and  kissed away the filth from Bridget's 
feet. 

Sandy slithered her tongue between each of  Bridget's toes, 
kissing each toe before moving on to the next. She lathed her 
tongue over the  soles of Bridget's feet as though she were a 
devoted painter, mopping away every bit of dirt  and sweat.

At the same time Bridget's hands joined her mouth in the abuse 
of Sandy's cunt, and while  she bit at the beautiful slave's clit, she 
pulled on her pussy-lips as though they were rubber  bands. 

She inched Sandy's tender inner thighs with her fingernails while 
she caught tiny bits  of pussy-flesh between her teeth and bit 
down until Sandy cried with pain. 

She grabbed  Sandy's pussy-lips in her hands and pulled them in 
opposite directions, jerking one forward  while she pulled the 
other back, pulling them wide apart and then slamming them 
together.

Sandy couldn't stop cumming. The pain of the splits she had 
been left in for hours was  ferocious. Being upside-down for so 
long made her confused and light-headed.

Licking Bridget's stinking feet made Sandy want to vomit, the 
effort of washing them was  almost too much for her to stand. Still 
she came, helplessly and powerfully. 

Her body writhed  with the wild, thrilling sensations that were 
shooting through it.
Without warning, Bridget stripped the bindings from Sandy's legs 
and dropped her to the  ground. Sandy moaned in shock and pain 
as her head hit the floor. 

She rolled over on her  stomach and looked up at Bridget. It took 
her a few moments to rcalize that, for the first time  in days, she 
was completely free of ropes and chains and cages.

"All right, Sandy," Bridget said in a reasonable voice, stripping off 
the nice, conservative  blouse and skirt she was wearing. "You 
dance and work out and all that shit. You probably  think you're a 
real in-shape bitch. So here's the deal. Kick my ass and get past 
me and you're  free as a bird. I mean it, Sandy, the guys aren't 
here now. This is just you and me, and this is  your big chance. In 
fact, if you can kick my ass, you can kick me right out of the 
house, and none of us will ever bother you again. But if I kick 
your scrawny little slutty ass,  you're mine for keeps. When you 
give up, you'll mean it, bitch. You'll belong to me for as  long as I 
want you, and I'll do whatever I want to with your skinny little 
whore's body."

Beneath her skirt and blouse, Bridget was wearing a vented black 
leather bodysuit. It made  her huge tits stick up and off her chest 
like torpedoes. 

It revealed her navel and her pussy  mound. She slipped on a 
pair of black leather boots that strapped up past her knees, then  
looked back up at Sandy.

The abused blonde beauty trembled at the sight of the gorgeous, 
powerful redhead. It took  every ounce of her failing strengh to 
keep from groveling at Bridget's feet and begging to be  her 
slave.

"Get ready for an ass-kicking, Sandy-slut,' Bridget said, walking 
forward. "I'm going to  bust you up into little pieces."
Sandy wanted to scream at the unfairness of what was 
happening. If she had been at full  strength she might have been 
able to hold her own against the tall redhead. 

Now, though, days  of rape and torture and starvation had robbed 
her of almost all of her strength.

Her long, lean legs wouldn't even support her weight now. Three 
days of being folded double inside the cage and a day of being 
locked  into a split that supported all her body's weight had made 
her well-toned thigh muscles limp.

"Why are you doing this to me?" Sandy asked. She stood up, 
then fell down with the first  step she tried to take. Her long, 
gorgeous legs knotted with cramps from the effort of  standing. "I 
brought you into my house. I was nice to you. Why are you doing 
such terrible  things to me?"

"You don't get it, do you, Sandy-slut?" Bridget shook her head as 
though she couldn't  believe how stupid Sandy was. "There are 
two kinds of people in the world, Sandy. Masters  and slaves. 
Most masters spend their time trying to find the sexiest, sluttiest 
slaves they can  get. A lot of slaves don't even know what they 
are unffl someone teaches them their place. I  needed two things, 
Sandy-slave, a place to stay and a slave to fuck around with. 
After I'm  done with you, I'll have them both for as long as I need 
them."

Sandy had just struggled back to her feet when Bridget grabbed 
her. The svelte blonde  struggled frantically in the hands of the 
redhead, but she was too exhausted and battered to put  up 
much of a fight. 

Bridget tangled one hand  in Sandy's silky blonde hair and held 
her in place while she punched her three times in the  face.

Blood ran from Sandy's nose and lip. She blinked her eyes, 
dazed by the blows. Bridget  didn't let up for an instant, bracing 
Sandy with one leg and slamming her fist into the silky  hollow of 
her stomach. She buried her fist into the tiny pit of Sandy's 
stomach again and  again, driving the air from the sexy slave's 
lungs as she pounded her willowy frame.

Sandy hooked her legs around Bridget and toppled the 
voluptuous redhead to the floor.  Bridget cursed as she fell, 
keeping her hold on Sandy's lustrous blonde hair and dragging 
the  beautiful captive down on top of her. Sandy struggled for 
freedom with all her failing  strength, but she never had a chance.

Bridget drove her knee into Sandy's cunt twice, four times, eight 
times and then drove her fist into Sandy's upthrust tits, back and 
forth a dozen times.  Then her knee slammed into Sandy's 
helplessly exposed pussy again and again and her fist switched 
to Sandy's face, punding her over and over. While the sleek 
blonde was squirming in agony, Bridget rolled over on top of her 
and twisted  her arm behind her back.

"Give up, slut-slave!' Bridget hissed, her elegant face red with 
exertion, anger and lust.  She twisted Sandy's slender arm up 
between her shoulder blades, almost snapping it in two.  "Tell me 
you're my slave, Sandy! Tell me that everything you've got 
belongs to me!"

Bridget wrapped her lush legs around one of Sandy's silky thighs 
and rubbed her dripping  cunt all over her beautiful captive. She 
lay down across Sandy's back, trapping her twisted  arm tightly 
between their bodies, and began to swab her tongue teasingly 
over Sandy's pretty, battered face.

"Give up, slut!" she gasped, cumming from the delightful silky feel 
of Sandy's thigh. "You  don't want me to break your pretty arm, 
do you?"
Sandy struggled desperately beneath the big, sexy redhead, but 
she didn't stand a chance of  escaping. Her beautiful face was 
twisted into a mask of pain from her twisted arm and despair  
from her lost chance at freedom. Bridget licked and kissed all 
over her face, delighting in  covering Sandy's perfect features 
with a sheen of slobber.

Desperate, almost unconscious from the pain and fatigue she 
was feeling, Sandy slammed  her head back into Bridget's face. 
The luscious redhead screamed with rage and surprise,  
releasing Sandy's arm and tumbling back off her. It took every 
last ounce of strength Sandy  possessed to roll over, and when 
she did, what she saw filled her with terror.

Bridget was standing over her, a thin trickie of blood trailing from 
her nose and a look of rage on her beautiful face. Before Sandy  
could scramble away Bridget lashed out with her sharp-toed boot, 
catching Sandy right above  her left hip. Pain exploded through 
the beaten blonde.

Sandy tried to crawl away, but after a dozen kicks she didn't have 
the energy left to move,  didn't even know what direction she was 
crawling in. 

Bridget walked over her limp body, digging her sharp heels into 
Sandy's soft, bronzed asscheeks and long, flawless back. Then 
she stepped on Sandy's hair, holding her in place while she 
kicked the shit out of her.

Bridget kicked her everywhere. Her pointed boots sliced into 
Sandy's proud tits, sexy  shoulders and slender arms. She lashed 
her foot into Sandy's tiny, sucked-in stomach and the  enticing 
rise of her ribcage. Her cruel boots found Sandy's firm asscheeks 
and long, sexy legs, and ripped into the swollen mouth of her 
battered cunt a dozen times or more.

Bridget kicked the shit out of Sandy, and when the slender, sultry 
blonde lay unmoving at  her feet, only the rise and fall of her 
chest evidence that she hadn't been kicked to death,  Bridget 
leaned down and sank her strong hands into her tits.

"Rise and shine, cunt!" Bridget screamed, spreading her legs, 
bracing her back and jerking  Sandy up into the air by her tits. 
"You don't think you're getting off that easy, do you?  Bloody my 
nose, wffl you? I might just tear these tiny tits off and stuff them 
down your  scummy, cocksucking throat!"

For the second time in less than an hour, Sandy came to 
consciousness screaming in mortal  agony. Her firm, pointy tits 
felt as if they were being torn from her body as Bridget lifted her  
up by them.

Sandy squirmed desperately, her feet kicking at the air. Her 
movements only caused her to  swing in Bridget's grasp, putting 
even more strain on her silky tits. Bridget lifted Sandy to  face 
level and planted a wet, lingering kiss on the agonized blonde's 
parted lips. 

Then she  lifted Sandy high above her head.

"Do you give up?" Bridget asked, not even breathing hard from 
the strain of holding  Sandy's lean, sexy body above her head. 
"Do you belong to me, Sandy? Can I do any nasty  thing I want 
with your slufly little body?"

Sandy tried to say yes, but she couldn't even speak through the 
pain she was feeling. Her  slender, sexy body was high above the 
floor, and her mind clouded with the strange view and theawful 
pain she was feeling.

Then Bridget threw her across the room.

Sandy lost consciousness as she slammed into the wall, but 
Bridget brought her awake a  moment later by throwing a bucket 
of freezing cold water over her sexy, supple body. The  instant 
Sandy came awake, Bridget hauled her into the air by her tits 
once more. 

This time,  before she threw Sandy into the wall, she shook her 
back and forth in the air. The pain that  knifed through the sultry 
blonde's tits was so awful that she passed out even before 
Bridget  threw her down.

"Give up yet, Sandy?" Bridget asked as she splashed a second 
bucket of cold water over the  shivering, beaten beauty. "Shit, 
you're a tougher slut than I thought you were. Here, let' go  for 
another ride."

"I give up!" Sandy whimpered as Bridget picked her up by her tits 
for the third time.  Tears ran down Sandy's beautiffl face, and she 
stared at Bridget with a pitiful mix of fear and  love. "I give up, 
Bridget! I belong to you! You own me! You can do whatever you 
want to  me!"

"You sweet little whore," Bridget said, pulling Sandy close and 
kissing her again. Slowly,  she settled Sandy to her feet, 
releasing the blonde's tortured tits and wrapping her arms around 
her. "Tell me you're my slave."

"I'm your slave!" Sandy whispered.

Bridget tongue-raped Sandy and mauled her perfectly rounded 
asscheeks. She probed  every corner of Sandy's warm mouth, 
then sucked Sandy's tongue between her teeth and bit  on it until 
Sandy cried out with pain. She then chewed on Sandy's lips, too, 
until the sleek  blonde slave clawed at the air in torment. 


The big redhead ran her hands all over Sandy's  body, pinching 
her nipples, squeezing her ass, stroking her shoulders and sides 
and belly. She  fucked fmgers up Sandy's pussy and asshole, 
pulled out patches of Sandy's cunt hair and then  dropped the 
golden strands into the humbled beauty's waiting mouth.

Bridget stuck her fingers up her own cunt and asshole, and she 
took turns making Sandy  lick her hands clean and just smearing 
the sex filth all over her blonde pet's pretty face. She  wrapped 
her lush legs around one of Sandy's lean, shapely thighs and 
humped her standing up  until she came twice.

"And I can do anything I want to you, can't I?" Bridget asked. "I'm 
going to hurt you real  bad for a while, Sandy. I'm not going to tie 
you up, though. You're going to lie stffl, and take  it, and thank 
me for it. I'm going to make you mine. Do you understand?"

"Yes," Sandy said, her voice shaking. She was close to cunnuing 
herself, her injured cunt  squirming with excitement. "I'll try, 
Bridget! I want to be a good slave!"

"I know you do," Bridget said with a smile. "The first thing I want 
you to do is kneel down in  front of me. I'm going rub my pussy all 
over your slutty face. Then I'm going to piss in your mouth. If you 
move I'm going to be very disappointed, slut. I want you to keep 
your mouth open and stick your tongue out just as far as it will go. 
Would you like that?"

"Yes, Bridget," Sandy said, slipping to her knees as Bridget 
pressed down on her  shoulders. "I'll be a good slut. I'll let you 
piss all over me."

Something had snapped deep inside Sandy, but there was 
nothing she could do to stop what  was happening to her. Her 
cunt was burning with excitement with every dirty word Bridget  
spoke, every perverted thing she told her she would have to do. 
Sandy's mistreated tits were  tingling with pleasure and her 
battered cunt was drooling pussy-juice down her long, lean  legs.

"Such a pretty face," Bridget said as she spread her legs and 
stepped over Sandy's  beautiful, upturned face. "Such a pretty 
little slutty face."

Sandy rubbed her pussy with both hands while Bridget smeared 
her sloppy cunt all over  Sandy's face. Bridget had cum a lot of 
times while she was beating the shit out of Sandy, and  her cunt 
was spilling over with pussy-juice. Her pussy made wet sounds 
as she dragged it over  Sandy's pretty face, and pussy-juice 
foamed out all over Sandy's perfect features. Mouthfuls  of cunt-
juice poured down Sandy's throat, but she swallowed it happily.

Sandy yanked on her own pussy the way Bridget had puiled at it 
earlier. She pinched her  swollen cunt-lips and jerked them in 
every direction. Her tanned, sexy ass wiggled back and  forth as 
she mauled her pussy, and cunt-cream splattered down over her 
working hands to  soak the floor between her legs. 

She caught the bud of her clit between two fingers and  pinched it 
until lightning bolts of pure agony sizzled through her lean, 
sinuous body. An  orgasm hit her with the force of a speeding 
truck, so powerful it made her tremble. 

She  stopped pulling at her cunt-lips and speared fmgers from 
both hands deep inside her injured  pussy.

Bridget laughed mockingly at Sandy's passion, rubbing her juicy 
cunt all over the blonde  slave's face. She rubbed the long, 
wriggling worm of her clit back and forth over Sandy's nose and 
then her outstretched  tongue. 

She fucked her cunt on the point of Sandy's chin, then smeared it 
over her cheeks and  across her forehead.
Bridget came again and again, until her voluptuous, curvy body 
was shaking with passion.  She was as much turned on by the 
power she had over Sandy as the rub of the girl's face over  her 
pussy.

There was nothing she loved as much as turning a high-class 
bitch into a filthy slut. She  had never had a slave as beautiful as 
Sandy before, and the thought of all the nasty things she  was 
going to make her do brought another orgasm shivering through 
her big, sexy body.

With a heavy sigh she started pissing, bathing Sandy's face in 
stinking yellow fluid. Piss  filled the blonde beauty's mouth. She 
choked and spluttered, but there was a look of rapture  on her 
fouled face. Bridget came while she was pissing, sliding her cunt 
all over Sandy's face.

Sandy wanted to throw up, but she was cumming instead. 

She was fucking three fingers  from both hands up her cunt while 
she drove her two little fin-gers up into the swollen bud of  her 
asshole. 

Her hands were soaked to the wrists in sticky pussy-cream. Her 
thighs and the  floor beneath her were soaked with the juices of 
her excitement. 

She guzzled Bridget's piss and  choked on it. The piss splattered 
all over her, but she didn't care.

And Bridget snilled like a proud owner watching her dog do her 
first trick.  Then she started shitting on Sandy's face.




CHAPTER SIX


Bridget finger-fucked herseIf whiIe she watched her sultry blonde 
slave  smear shit all over  her body. Sandy seemed as though 
she was in another world, bucking and grinding her sexy  hips like 
a seasoned stripper, rolling her head on her shoulders in a 
wanton display of passion.  She rubbed shit over her pointy tits 
until they looked like two Hershey kisses.

Sandy writhed like some sensuous jungle beast. She rolled her 
sweet, tight ass until Bridget could have cried for wanting a cock 
to stick up between those sexy asscheeks. She  swung her 
shoulders and spread her legs and gyrated her way through the 
sexiest dance  Bridget had ever seen. And all the while she 
smeared her body with Bridget's shit.

Bridget could hear her gagging, and she smiled at the broken 
blonde's revulsion. It was  obvious she was excited, too. Sandy's 
cunt was running with pussy-cream. When she whirled  across 
the room, she left a trail of pussy-juice behind her. 

When she bucked her hips she  spewed cunt-slime in every 
direction. When she got a chance she smeared shit all over her  
swollen, squirming cunt, and her face twisted with ecstasy as she 
climaxed again and again.

Finally the shit was smeared all over her tanned, glistening body, 
and Sandy's energy  seemed to run down. 

Finally the willowy beauty sank to her knees, her legs spread 
wide and  her head thrown back.

"Your hands are still dirty," Bridget said with a cruel smile. "And 
your face is still clean."

Sandy didn't hesitate. She rubbed her shitclotted hands all over 
her pretty face, soiling her  beauty with Bridget's stinking brown 
waste. Bridget climaxed a half dozen times while she  watched 
Sandy smear her face with shit.

"Well, I'll be damned," Bridget said, pretending to be surprised. 
"They're still dirty. I  guess you better lick them clean."

"Oh," Sandy said, her voice like that of a lost child.

She stared at her shit.streaked fingers for a moment, then 
shoved them into her mouth. Her eyes were  filled with disgust 
and shame and lust. Then she popped her fingers into her mouth, 
one at a time,  as though they were tiny, shit-coated cocks. Twice 
she had to pull away, buckling over and  gagging until it seemed 
she was going to throw up. Both times she fought back the urge.

After she sucked her fingers clean, she licked the shit off her 
palms and wrists. Her face  twisted with disgust at the awful 
taste, but she didn't stop until she was finished. And she came  
two more times.

"So nice," Bridget said sarcastically. "So nice. Now lean back, 
Sandy-slut. It's time I got you  ready for your coming-out party."

Sandy laid back, watching Bridget with an almost worshipful 
expression as she wheeled the  dinner cart across the room. She 
flinched when Bridget dumped a pitcher of icy water over  her 
cunt. She sobbed when Bridget sprayed shaving cream all over 
her golden pussy mound.

"Spread them wide,"Bridget said, pulling a straight-edged razor 
from the table. "Grab  your thighs with your hands and pull them 
all the way back to your head!


Sandy did as her mistress told her, watching with sad, defeated 
eyes as Bridget scraped the  razor over the plump mound of her 
cunt. Hair and shaving cream came up together, leaving  her bald 
pussy mound in their wake.

"Don't cry, pretty slut," Bridget said, shaving away Sandy's 
precious pussy-fur. "Here, let  me make you feel all better. Let 
me make your lonely little pussy feel just right."

Sandywailed with pain, her eyes half-closed as Bridget shaved 
her pussy and fucked  three fingers up inside her cunt.  Her 
pussy lips clamped down on Bridget's fingers like a powerful fist, 
twisting on  them as Bridget fucked them in and trying to hold 
onto them as the sexy redhead pulled them  back out. Sandy's 
clit was throbbing against the steady friction of Bridget's fingers. 
She came  quickly.

Bridget smiled and added her little finger to the three she was 
already fucking inside  Sandy's pussy. She dragged the straight 
razor down over Sandy's pussy-lips, then edged it  around the 
juncture of her thighs, clearing away the last of the hair from 
around Sandy's  pussy. 

She liked her slaves to be like little girls because it made them 
feel more vulnerable, more submissive.

Sandy gasped with pain when Bridget cupped her thumb up 
underneath her four fingers .  She cried out in agony as Bridget's 
fist slammed way up inside her tiny, hairless, little-girl cunt.  

Bridget seemed to want to bury her whole arm up inside Sandy 
while she shaved away the last of her cunt-hair. Even when her 
fist was smashing into Sandy's cervix, she leaned her weight on 
her elbow and tried to force more of her arm  up inside the 
straining pocket.

Sandy's eyes snapped open, pleasure turning sharply to pain. 
She stared down over the  lean, sexy plane of her body, and cried 
out in shock and horror at what she saw. Bridget was  pushing 
relentlessly forward, fucking her fist as far as it would go up inside 
Sandy's cunt, then she drew it back and punched it in again. 

Sandy had taken over half  Bridget's forearm on the first try, her 
cunt-lips spread obscenely wide and quivering, her  pussy 
stretched so tar out of shape that it tore under the pressure. The 
second time Bridget  managed to cram even more of her arm up 
inside Sandy's cunt.

Sandy squirmed and rocked as Bridget relentlessly fist-fucked 
her. She whipped her head from side to side, her silky blonde hair 
curtaining her beautiful, pain drawn face. She could feel her poor, 
abused cunt tearing again under the savage beating Bridget was 
giving it.

Bridget wiped away the last of the shaving cream from Sandy's 
newly bared pussy, then  tossed a glass of cold water down over 
the girl's shaved crotch. Sandy screamed with sudden  pain, and 
stared, fascinated, at her bare pussy mound. She looked like a 
little girl. She guessed  that she was a little girl next to Bridget, a 
helpless little child who needed to mind her mother.

Sandy spread her legs wider, moaning with pain and joy as 
Bridget fist-fucked her little girl. Bridget  slammed her fist into 
Sandy's cunt as though she were tryng to reach into the svelte, 
tanned  blonde's throat. 

Sandy's cunt-lips were flapping around Bridget's elbows now, and 
the whole  length of the sexy redhead's forearm was painted in 
sticky pussy-juice and bright red blood.

Sandy was cumming. She couldn't help it. And Bridget was 
beating her cunt to pieces.
Suddenly Bridget pulled her fist from Sandy's cunt. The beautiful 
blonde slave cried out  with disappointment, then cried out again 
with fear as Bridge picked up a ring off of the :table. It was an 
open circle of gold, its open spot had a sharp point on  one side 
and a pocket with a catch on the other. Tears ran down Sandy's 
bautiful face as Bridget  opened the ring fully and pinched 
Sandy's hairless little cunt lips together as she pulled them hard 
away from her body.

"Oh God Bridget!" Sandy moaned. "Don't, please don't! I'll be a 
good little slave! I will! I  really will!"

"I know you will," Bridget said brightly. "Now hold real still. We 
don't want to damage  any of your working parts."

Sandy screamed as Bridget pierced her cuntlips with the metal 
ring. It felt like getting her  ears pierced, only her pussy-lips were 
much more sensitive than her ear lobes. 

Bridget  snapped the ring together with one quick, sure move, 
piercing both of Sandy's fluttering pink  pussy-lips. Then she spun 
the ring through Sandy's pussy-lips, making sure that the holes 
were  clean and straight. Only then did she lean back, a smile on 
her elegant face.

"Now feel thIs," she said, and thrust one fmger up Sandy's pussy.

The feeling was incredible. With the ring pinching her cunt-lips 
together, her pussy was  tighter than ever. Sandy squirmed with 
discomfort from just two of Bridget's fmgers. The  pain from the 
piercing was a solid burning shaft of pain through her cunt, but 
her initial  terror was fading. 

The only thing that made her sad was the knowledge that the 
men would  fuck her loose all over again, spurred on by the thrill 
of her tightened cunt.
Bridget leaned across Sandy's body, rubbing her knee over the 
bright gold ring that  pierced Sandy's cunt-lips. The svelte, sexy 
blonde moaned with pleasure and pain as Bridget  toyed and 
played with the ring, rubbing her knee against her cunt. She 
whimpered her way  through an orgasm as Bridget took hold of 
her long nipples and rolled them between her  fingers until they 
were erect.

'Now just two more," Bridget said, and Sandy's heart froze. 
"You've got such pretty nipples it would be a shame not to 
decorate them, Sandy, my cum-slave-slut. Like buying Chnstmas 
tree and not putting any lights on it."

Sandy cried when Bridget slipped the two rings off the table. They 
were smalIer than the one Bridget had pierced her cunt with, but 
they were the same golden color and they had the same needle-
sharp points.

Sandy wanted to fight, wanted to run away, but instead she 
stayed where she was, moaning  with lust and despair and 
staring at the rings as though they had hypnotized her.

"So pretty," Bridget said softly, stroking Sandy's fIrm nipples while 
she rubbed her knee  over Sandy's cunt. She poured a glass of 
water over each proud tit-mound, washing away the  shit Sandy 
had rubbed over them. 

"Such pretty little tits. Once they're pierced I can lead you  around 
by them on little golden leashes. I'm sure Arnie will want to hang 
bells from them. Or  maybe little weights. We'll be able to hurt 
you in so many wonderful ways."

Sandy cried as Bridget ducked her head to suck her nipples to full 
erection. She knew that  her degradation was almost complete.


They had broken her, debauched her, transformed her  into a 
sluttish, rutting animal. Now they were even molding her body to 
their whims, marking  her as the kinkiest, most perverted of 
whores.

Without warning, Bridget snapped one of the golden rings shut.

Sandy wailed in pain, banging her head against the floor as 
Bridget pierced her right  nipple. The big redhead pinned her to 
the floor with her body, then rammed her knee up between the 
helpless woman's legs, slamming it against  the ring in Sandy's 
cunt five, six, ten times, until she forced an orgasm from her 
sleek, captive body. 

Still Sandy  struggled, gibbering in pain and horror as Bridget 
poked a hole through her long, hard  nipples and hung a golden 
ring from her firm, pointy tit.

"So pretty!" Bridget whispered, pulling on the ring, making Sandy 
cry out in anguish.  "Such a pretty little tit-ring!"

Bridget was breathing heavily with excitement, and once more 
she trapped one of Sandy's  lean, silky thighs between her legs. 

With a moan of surrender Sandy clutched her long, lean  legs 
tight around one of Bridget's lush thighs, and while the voluptuous 
redhead tugged on the  ring that pierced Sandy's nipple, the two 
of them leg-fucked themselves to orgasm.

Even as Sandy's cliniax made her shake and tremble she couldn't 
tear her gaze away from  her right nipple. A single, fat drop of 
blood oozed from the tiny wound and trailed down over  her 
tanned, silky skin. 

The pain was fading quickly, but to Sandy's dazed mind the ring  
through her nipple seemed to seal her fate.
"One  more,  Sandy-slave,"  Bridget whispered, moaning with 
passion as she humped  herself to orgasm after orgasm on the 
silky skin of Sandy's thigh. 

She slammed her knee so forcefully and so many times into the 
ring that pierced Sandy's cunt that the sultry blonde thought she 
was going to go mad with pain and pleasure. "A matched set of 
pretty tit-rings. You'll look so pretty like this. Just a sweet little 
blonde slave-slut, all ready for anything anybody wants to do to 
you."

Sandy shivered with fear and excitement as Bridget clicked open 
the second ring. Her wet,  pink tongue slipped out to wet her lips, 
and she gasped at the first touch of the cold metal  against her 
left nipple. Something wrong and horrible was happening inside 
her, and Sandy  cried as she realized an enormous orgasm was 
building in her.

She was going to cum, cum as she never had before, while 
Bridget pierced her nipple. She  was going to explode with more 
pleasure than she had ever felt before while the big, sexy  
redhead marked her forever as a pain-craving slave-slut. 

At the first, pinch tears ran  glistening wet tracks down Sandy's 
pretty cheeks. At the first knifing pain, Sandy mewled  with 
passion. 

Bridget owned her now, and the very idea of her slavery was 
enough to make  her svelte body tingle with passion.

"Cumming!" she whimpered, and then Bridget drove the ring shut 
and drove her knee  deep into the marshy, already pierced pocket 
of her cunt. "Cumming! Cumming! Please don't stop! Kick my 
pussy, put rings in me everywhere while you kick my pussy again 
and again, PLEEAASE!!"

Bridget smiled as the ring clicked together She rode the sexy 
blonde's long leg through a  ha!f dozen minor climaxes of her 
own, pulling on the nipple rings while Sandy screamed her  way 
through the most intense cilinax of her life.

Sandy's big, brown eyes were filled with passion and love and 
suffering and despair, and  Bridget saw and loved it all.

"One thing more, pretty slut," Bridget whispered, picking a device 
up off the table. "One  last thing and then you'll be ready for your 
big night. After tonight, you'll be a whole  different whore, Sandy-
slave. You're going to love things after tonight. You'll never go  
without a big prick or a wet cunt again. - Or a big stud or sexy 
bitch to hurt you just the way you like, either."

Sandy trembled at the words, trembled too with frightened 
anticipation as Bridget  reluctantly pulied her legs from around 
Sandy's and turned around to straddle her stomach.  

The thing Bridget was holding in her hand looked a little like a 
pen and a little like a needle.  As she stroked the shaved bare 
skin around Sandy's cunt, the tamed beauty began to suspect  
what it was.

"I love you, Bridget!" she whimpered, tears running down her 
beautiful face. "I belong to you! I'm your slave and your whore! 
You own me!"

"And now everybody's going to know it," Bridget said happily, and 
began to tattoo the  helpless blonde.

The pain was bad, but it was nothing compared to some of the 
other agonies Sandy had felt  over the last few days. The 
gorgeous slave came constantly while Bridget was working on 
her.  Her orgasms weren't just the product of Bridget's skillful 
fingering of her cunt and the pain  of the tattooing. 
Neither were they wholly caused by the musky aroma of Bridget's 
hot cunt, the  wet, sticky slide of her pussy over Sandy's flat, 
velvety stomach and pierced, pointy tits. 

All  those things turned the blonde slave on, but the thing that 
made her cum constantly was the  knowledge that Bridget was 
marking her as her property. And when Bridget finally pulled  
away, and let Sandy see what she had done, the sleek, sexy 
blonde had her biggest orgasm of  all.

The words "Bridget's Slut" were rendered in intricate, multi-
colored calligraphy right where  Sandy's pussy-hair should have 
been. It made the sultry, sensual blonde tremble with  humiliation, 
but it also made her warm with a feeling of security, of belonging.

And then she saw something hanging off the side of the cart that 
made her cum again,  made her whimper in terror and 
degradation. 

It was a branding iron, and the words "Arnie's Slave Bitch" were 
what made up its message. Sandy knew that Arnie would use the 
white-hot branding iron on her, just as Bridget had tattooed her 
name into her flesh.

The knowledge shattered the last of Sandy's self-image, crushed 
her with the realization  that she had been debauched and 
degraded as thoroughiy as a human being could be. It also  made 
her cum.

"So pretty," Bridget said again, staring down at the willowy blonde 
beauty, whose golden  skin was now highlighted by three golden 
rings, whose pussy was bare except for the tattooed  message. 
"You're a real treasure, slut. You'll be a big hit when the guys get 
back here with  the others."

Sandy cried at Bridget's words, but she didn't stop cumming.




CHAPTER SEVEN


Bridget pulled the beautiful blonde slave into the bathroom and 
gave her a long, leisurely  bath. Bridget climbed into the tub with 
Sandy, her knowing hands bringing the humbled  beauty to 
orgasm after orgasm while she washed her clean.

Sandy cried and climaxed, remembering the last time she had 
soaked in this bathtub. It had  been only a few days ago, but 
seemed as if it had been a lifetime ago.

After the bath Bridget hauled Sandy into her bedroom, and the 
gorgeous blonde cried at  the sight of what her masters had done 
to her most treasured possesions. Her bedroom looked  like a 
cross between a perverted sex shop and a pig sty. Her things 
were torn and smashed and  broken. 

One dress had been saved though, a sparkling golden party 
dress Sandy had worn to  an expensive ballet the year before. 
Bridget made her put it on, then made her step into a pair  of 
matching high heels. The only thing she gave Sandy to wear was 
a gold collar, which she  pulled tight around Sandy's throat and 
connected to a gold leash.

Sandy looked at herself in the mirror.

Even after everything that had happened to her she was still 
beautiful. She looked like a  blonde goddess in the shining gold 
dress, a captive goddess kept on a leash.

She heard the front door open and the voices of many people, 
and she trembled with fear  and lust.

By the time Bridget led her out of the bedroom on the end of her 
leash, the house had  filled with people. 
There were so many that every room in the house seemed filled 
to  capacity. They drank and ate and played music so loud that 
Sandy hoped, with a wild,  frightened longing, that her neighbors 
niight call the police. And every one of them  watched her with 
hungry eyes as Bridget led her from room to room.

Sandy was the perfect slave. She never stopped feeling 
degraded, and suffered at each new  horror they inflicted. But 
although she was disgusted, she was also excited. And the 
excite- ment made her even more ashamed, adding more fuel to 
her humiliation.

"You look sweet, slut," Arnie said as Bridget led Sandy to him. "I 
can see your tit-rings  through the front of your dress. Beautiful."

"Thank you, Arnie," Sandy said, her voice trembling. Bridget 
jerked on her leash and,  obediently, the blonde slave dropped to 
her knees. "I missed you, sir, though it was wonderful to have 
Bridget here. I'm glad you're home."

Sandy kissed his dirty shoes, then parted her lips to run her 
tongue over the filthy leather.  The crowd quieted as they 
watched Sandy wash Arnie's shoes with her lush lips and pretty  
tongue. 

Rocky and Chuck stepped up beside him, and Sandy flapped her 
tongue and ran her  lips over all three pairs of shoes, mewling in 
her throat with a mixture of shame and pleasure.

"That's enough," Arnie said after a few minutes, and then laughed 
with the others as Sandy rubbed her face against his shoes and 
legs as if she were a pet cat welcoming her owner home.

Bridget pulled Sandy to her knees, and the sexy blonde wavered 
from side to side, her eyes  glazed as she stared lovingly up at 
her masters.
Arnie stepped closer, spreading his legs a little. When he glanced 
down at -his crotch,  Sandy didn't have to be told what to do.

"Welcome home, beautiful cock," she whispered, tears running 
down her beautiful face.  And then, because she knew the point 
of this was for the crowd to hear what a total slave-slut  she was, 
she shouted the words. "Welcome home, beautiful cock! I've 
missed you so much!"

She kissed the material of Arnie's pants, then licked all over his 
crotch. After the front of  his pants was soaked with her spit, she 
rubbed her face all over the crotch, nuzzling his  monstrous, 
slowly hardening cock. 

By the time he pulled her face back away from his pants,  
Sandy's pretty face sparkled with her own spit.

"Naughty little slut," Arnie said almost tenderly, rubbing his rough 
hand over her lips,  then slipping a finger into her mouth. "I think 
we ought to give you a whipping. Stand her up, Rocky. Chuck, 
bring the cart so we can introduce her to the guests."

There was murmuring from the crowd. Sandy's heart beat fast, 
her sweet body trembling  with fear and anticipation. Rocky pulled 
on her leash and she followed him on all fours, like a  dog, and he 
walked her back through the crowd. 

She saw the shackles where they dangled  down from the ceiling 
and the ankle cuffs that lay on the floor, and she knew they were 
going  to string her up.

She felt hands on her body as the strangers Arnie and the others 
had brought into her  house began to take advantage of her sexy, 
helpless body. Feet rubbed against her too, as  people too lazy to 
bend over ran their shoes over her ass and stomach and tits and 
face.
Sandy's cunt was getting wetter, her sleek body getting hotter 
with every foot she kissed as  she crawled through the crowd.

A dozen hands were pinching her fIrm, rounded ass through the 
golden material of her  dress. Hands were diving up through the 
split at the side to stroke and squeeze the silky  softness of her 
legs. Hands petted her shoulders and the top of her head. Other 
hands, what  seemed a multitude of them, were working over her 
tits through the sparkling front of her  dress. 

Fingers speared between her parted lips, and she sucked them 
all with equal obedience.

"Hey, you've already pierced her," a woman said, puling on the 
ring that hung from  Sandy's right nipple until the willowy blonde 
tensed with pain.

"Just this afternoon," Bridget said. "Wait until you see her cunt."

Someone flipped her dress up over her ass, and Sandy burned 
with utter shame. Thirty  people, men and women alike, whistled 
at the sight of her tight, perfect ass. Thirty more  gasped with 
excitement at the sight of her swollen pink pussy-lips and the 
golden ring that  pierced them and pinched them together. Five 
frngers fucked up into her cunt at the same  time, three on one 
side of the ring and two on the other, and Sandy cried out in pain 
and  ecstasy. 

The crowd laughed and another fmger fucked up her asshole 
while hands pulled her cuntlips and slapped her ass.

Suddenly the hands overwhelmed her. Hands tangled in her hair 
and jerked her backwards.  Hands grabbed her wrists and elbows 
and shoulders, keeping her from crawling any farther  forward. 
Hands grabbed her ankles, too, stopping the movement of her 
knees across the  carpet. 
For a moment she choked as Rocky kept pulling on her leash. 
Then he stopped too, and Sandy was buried under the attentions 
of  one hundred questing hands.

She wanted to scream, but when she opened her mouth, fingers 
from five different hands  stuffed her cry back down her throat. 
Someone else was pinching her lips and pulling them in  every 
direction. Her cheeks were being pinched and pulled too. Fingers 
were poking up into  her nose and a strong hand was twisting her 
nose from side to side until she felt sure it was  going to break. 
Someone was pulling at her eyelashes and eyebrows. There 
were fingers  sticking into her ears and pulling on her eariobes. 
Hands were stroking and pinching her long,  graceful throat and 
the firm jut of her jaw and chin.

Fingers pulled at her stiff, long nipples. Other hands jerked on the 
rings that pierced them,  making Sandy whine and whimper in 
almost unendurable agony. 

Someone was pinching his  way slowly and deliberately around 
the base of her tits. A woman's hand was squeezing her  right tit 
as though it were a tube of toothpaste, forcing so much blood up 
into the nipple that  

Sandy felt certain her tit was going to explode like a volcano. Her 
small, sexy tits were buried  under a moving mass of pinching, 
pulling, mauling hands.

Her dress had been thrown all the way up to the small of her 
back, and hands were  working over her soft, flat stomach. 
Someone was punching his finger into the deep cup of  her navel 
as though he was fucking his cock into her pussy. 

A woman was scratching her  fingers over Sandy's stomach as 
though she wanted to scar her for life. Another woman's  hands 
were pinching and pulling at the flesh of Sandy's stomach. 
Other hands joined in the  pinching and stroking of Sandy's back 
and sides and stomach, until it seemed to the pain-dazed  blonde 
that each breath she drew would be her last.

Fingers were pinching her arms and shotfldr too; and tickling her 
palms and pulling on her  fingers. On one side a woman was 
digging her long, sharp fingernails into Sandy's armpit,  and on 
the other side a man was pinching the sensitive cavity beneath 
her arm. Every  sensitive, tender spot on her lean, sexy body was 
being probed and mistreated.

Five or six different hands were taking part in the tickling of her 
feet, and Sandy would  have been twitching and heaving 
uncontrollably just from the maddening sensations of what  they 
were doing to her. Other hands were pinching and scratching her 
perfectly shaped calves. 

Hands swarmed over the super sensitive hollows behind her 
knees, scratching and pinching  and tickling them until Sandy 
couldn't stand anymore.

But worst of all was what was happening to her wrecked pussy 
and reamed-out asshole.

Dozens of fingers were -fucking up the two ravaged fuck-holes. 
Hands were pulling her  asscheeks so far apart she thought her 
sexy ass would split apart like a melon. 

Her cuntlips were being jerked savagely in a dozen different 
directions at once. Her thighs were being pincpinched and 
punched black and blue. 

And  her poor, sweet ass was being spanked by at least fifteen 
different hands, being turned so fiery  red that it felt like they were 
hitting her with burning hot irons.

Long-nailed fingers scratched deep inside her already injured 
pussy. Fat fingers rubbed  over her wriggling clit. Long thick 
fingerswere being driven so deep inside her cunt that they drove 
the breath from Sandy's lungs.

Sandy gurgled around her mouthful of fingers, her dazed mind 
dazzled by the varieties of pain and pleasure she was being 
dealt. 

Hands pulled her up by her hair until she was squatting on her 
knees, and that gave her molesters access to almost every inch 
of her tanned, silky body.

Sandy squirmed helplessly, held in place by a hundred hands. A 
cheer went up when she  started cumming, and the crowd 
attacked her with even greater fervor.

Sandy's big brown eyes fluttered shut as her orgasm coursed 
through her lithe, sultry  body. She writhed sensually, sinuously, 
her mind lost in a haze of sexual pleasure. Then, just  as her first 
orgasm was starting to fade, a stronger one hit her.

Sandy screamed with pain-filled ecstasy as the second orgasm 
poured through her sexy,  squirming body. Someone silenced her 
by pinching her tongue and pulling it out between her  lips. A 
sexy, tiny blonde slapped the elongated cones of her tits while 
they were pulled out,  and the agonizing vibrations from the blows 
made Sandy climax again and again, even as her  face twisted 
with pain and tears streaked down her cheeks.

A big, balding man slapped her face, and suddenly everyone was 
hitting her. Sandy cried out helplessly as the same little blonde 
who had slapped her tits pounded them flat against Sandy's 
chest with her tiny, hard fists. A thin guy with big muscles sank 
his fist into her stomach, and Sandy would have crumpled over 
onto the floor if not for all the hands that were holding her up.
Hands that had been stroking and pinching her long, lean legs 
started beating them instead, slapping and punching until Sandy 
pitched and surged from the pain pounding of fists and palms.

Even her pussy was getting slapped, as the twins took turns 
smacking their palms, then punching their fists, as hard as they 
could against the swollen pink cunt-lips. And someone was 
banging his knuckles into the crack of her ass, driving a painful 
wedge right into the tender bud of her asshole. Sandy cried out, 
but there were so many hands battering her about the head and 
face that barely a sound escaped her lips.

But she was stili cumming. Her cunt spasmed. Clear, slick 
pussycream slithered down her  tanned, shuddering thighs, 
splattering onto the floor with every impact of a fist or palm  
against her legs. Even when two big men started pounding their 
fists into her sides, making  fireballs of pain explode through her 
head, Sandy still reached one climax aiter another. She  gasped 
and panted her way through orgasms that never seemed to fade 
at all, just build and build and build even higher.

"String her up," a little man with a missing tooth said, grabbing a 
long, slender reed off  the torture cart and swinging it through the 
air. "String her up so we can make her slutty ass squirm some 
more!"

"Chain the slut!" a buxom, middle-aged woman shouted, picking 
up a short club. "It's time we beat some restraint into the trampy 
little nymph!"

The twins grabbed Sandy's wrists and pulled them high above her 
head, and the men who  had been beating her sides pulled her up 
to her feet with grips on her tits and arms. They had  to hold her 
steady while a tall man stepped in to help chain her hands high 
above her head.

Sandy had been beaten almost unconscious, and as soon as the 
chains locked around her  wrists and the men stepped back away 
from her, she slumped forward. Her chin rested on her  chest and 
her feet dragged limply against the floor. A long, shining strand of 
spit dangled  from her parted lips.

When she looked up, all she saw were evil, lusting faces and 
implements of torture. 

A whip  switched through the air. Riding crops switched through 
the air. There were belts and paddles and switches and clothes 
hangers. 

There was even a baseball bat that people took turns with, 
slamming it up between her legs, clubbing her little bald pussy 
over and over while Sandy spread her legs wide to give them 
room to swing the bat hard into her pussy. 

But Sandy  didn't cry until she saw the man with the fishing pole. 

When he whipped it toward her and the  needle sharp hook sliced 
across the golden skin of her thigh Sandy knew she was in hell.

"Well, beat the slut," Bridget said, and Sandy looked up to see 
the sexy redhead sitting  back with a drink in her hands, watching 
the whole spectacle with amusement, with Arnie,  Rocky and 
Chuck sitting around her. "She hasn't had a real whipping yet. I 
want to see how  she holds up."

Sandy was a vision of sexy loveliness as she hung, vulnerable, 
from the chains that circled  her wrists. Her golden hair tumbled 
about her shoulders, her beautiful face sparkled with  sweat and 
tears. 

The golden evenlng gown molded itself to her sexy body like a 
second skin,  showing off every sensuous curve and flare.
Sandy looked sexy and helpless. Every man and woman in the 
room wanted nothing more  than to hurt her.

"Oh please!" Sandy moaned pathetically as they advanced on her 
with their weapons. "Oh  please!"

A woman reached her first, and she slapped the ping-pong 
paddle she was holding right into the jutting cone of Sandy's right 
tit. The sound of the blow reverberated like a rifle shot. 

Sandy squirmed in agony. Her tit felt smashed beyond repair. 
The woman slapped her left tit  even harder, and Sandy's silky 
blonde hair curained her face as she whipped her head from side 
to side.

The cat struck her ass and the bullwhip wrapped around her 
thighs at alinost the same  instant, and Sandy felt as though she 
was being skinned alive. The baseball bat came whistling up 
between her legs over and over, pounding such agony through 
Sandy's already demolished pussy that for an instant she passed 
out. 

She came around from the sudden, biting agony of a switch 
slashing  into her face. As she blinked her eyes open, it hit her 
again and again. When she saw the cruel smile on the green-
eyed, blonde teenager who was wielding it, Sandy begged for 
mercy. The sexy little blonde just hit her face harder.

Belts were rising and falling on every side of the embattled 
beauty. They striped her  slender arms and creamy sides and 
long, lean legs with lines of fire. Paddles shook her ass and  
thighs and tits. Whips kissed her jiggling asscheeks and 
bouncing tits with fine red lines of  fire. The baseball bat kept 
slamming into her cunt and switches played fire over her hands 
and feet.

Sandy was in a world of pain. She would never have believed it 
possible to feel so many different kinds of pain all at once.

In moments, her beautiful evening gown hung about her in 
shreds. The whips and belts  tore it to ribbons, until it was no 
more than a colorful garnish on her lovely, nude body. 

After  the dress was torn apart, the crowd beat Sandy even 
harder. Now they could see the marks  they were leaving on her 
twisting, tanned body, and the sight of the damage they were 
doing  to her raised their lust to even higher levels.

Sandy drifted through a world of pain. At times it almost seemed 
as if she watched the  beating of her sexy body from someplace 
far away. Other times every blow seemed sure to be  the one 
which would kill her. After a while she stopped writhing under the 
awful abuse. She  hung, barely squirming, as they beat her.

But she was cumming.

They were beating her so savagely that every bone in her body 
felt broken, every muscle  torn, every organ damaged beyond 
repair. Drops of blood splattered the floor from where the  whips 
had caught her too often and too harshiy. She was barely 
conscious, barely sane, driven  beyond endurance by this horrible 
finale to her week of torment. But her cunt was spasming and 
leaking fuck-juice which coated her welted thighs and dripped to 
the floor beneath her.

"The dirty slut's cumming!" a man screamed, and then Sandy felt 
the worst pain yet as he  drove the head of the golf club right up 
into her pussy. "The sexy whore's getting her rocks  off!"

"Then it's time to quit," Bridget said with a wicked smile. "I think 
you're all excited  enough now."

"Excited enough for what?" the switch-wielding blonde asked, 
breathing heavily.

"To fuck Sandy-slave, of course," Bridget said with a catty little 
laugh. "To fuck her to  death, if you can!"

Sandy whimpered and climaxed again. She was sure that they 
could.




CHAPTER EIGHT


Arnie pulled the chains loose, and Sandy tumbled helplessly to 
the ground. And the crowd  closed on her. Hands twisted in her 
hair, pulling her head around and smashing her face into a  fat, 
juicy cunt. 

Her legs were jerked so far apart pain shot through them, and a 
thick cock  fucked deep up her cunt. Her hands were lifted and fit 
around other cocks. A woman hooked  her thigh around the back 
of Sandy's head and rubbed her swampy cunt over Sandy's  silky 
hair.

Sandy felt as though she were being buried alive beneath a 
mountain of hot, lusting flesh.  The cock that was spearing her 
cunt seemed to rip a deeper path inside her with each  punishing 
thrust. 

Sandy wrapped her long, slim legs around the fucking man's 
back, and he  fucked her deeper yet.

Clear, slick fuck-lube dribbled all over Sandy's hands, running in 
streaky, sticky rivers  down her slender wrists. She caught as 
much of it as she could in her palms and rubbed it  back over the 
cocks she was being forced to masturbate. 
She wrung the pricks as though they  were soaked sponges, 
jerking them so quickly that her small, delicate hands were a blur 
on the  thick, stiff fuckpoles.

Her head was completely surrounded by hot, dripping cunts. The 
women ground their  tacky cunts all over Sandy's head while they 
played with each other's tits and delved their  tongues deep 
inside each other's mouth.

Sandy kept her mouth open and her tongue whipping, but the 
women didn't care what the  sexy blonde slave did. They were 
getting off just rubbing their cunts all over her face and  hair.

Sandy squealed in shock as the man fucking her cunt shot a thick 
load of jism up inside her. 

She hadn't thought she had any strength left, but as the man's 
burning spunk filled her  womb, Sandy whipped her ass off the 
floor to meet his fuck-thrusts. She jerked her hips from  side to 
side and her cunt gripped his cock like a strong hand. An orgasm 
shook its way  through her beautiful, brutalized body, an orgasm 
that left her hungering for more.

"Fuck me!" she cried through the pussy-cream facial the two 
women were giving her.  "Fuck me, all of you! Fuck me to death!"

Suddenly a burning hot wetness filled her cunt, and Sandy 
screamed in shock and disgust. 

The man was pissing up inside her cunt!

Sandy screamed and twisted as the man filled her pussy with 
piss. She came repeatedly  while the man filled her with burning 
piss. Her lean, sultry body squirmed with her passion  and 
shame.

"Toilet!" she gurgled, pulling wildly on the two cocks she was 
holding. "Toilet girl! Beat  her, fuck her, shit on her! I'm nothing 
but a sewer-slut! Fuck me and piss on me, please!"

"All right, honey," one of the women rubbing her cunt all over 
Sandy's face said. "Have a  little drink, whore!"

The women started pissing together, and the stinking yellow 
current of their piss tumbled down over Sandy's head and 
shoulders like a waterfall. Piss filled Sandy's ears and mouth,  
and burned her eyes until she had to blink them shut. Piss 
streamed into her nose and matted  her shining blonde hair 
against her head. 

Piss ran stinking yellow rivers down her wide  shoulders and 
slender arms. Piss poured over her proud, pointy tits in sparkling 
waves.

The two women never stopped rubbing their cunts over Sandy's 
face as they drenched her  in their piss. They each came at least 
once more while they pissed on her, smearing her face  with piss 
and pussy-cream. Sandy took it all like an obedient puppy while 
her own cunt  spasmed with ecstasy.

As the two women fmally stepped away, the two cocks Sandy 
was masturbating spasmed in  her hands. She felt them pulsing 
as jism shot up through the jerking cock-shafts. Then fat  wads of 
cock-cream shot out to splatter against her pretty face and proud 
tits. 

Sandy opened  her mouth wide, hoping to catch some of the jism, 
but only one fat, long streamer slapped  across her parted lips. 
The rest of the spunk striped her face and arms and tits.

As soon as they dribbled the last of their jism on Sandy's slender 
arms, the two men started  pissing. 
Sandy screamed with shame and delight when she felt e strong 
pulses of piss. She aimed both pricks down at her face, bathing 
her  perfect features in stinking liquid waste.

"Look at the sleazy whore!" one of the men gasped. "You've 
never had a slave this fucking  slutty, Arnie! Shit, Bridget, how'd 
you luck into a tramp this gorgeous and this fucking  nasty?"

"A real gutter-slut has to be made," Bridget said. "Me and Arnie 
just know the tricks."

Sandy heard the horrid things they were saying about her. It 
made her hotter to know that  she was the sleaziest, sluttiest cunt 
they had ever fucked over. She aimed both piss-spewing  cocks 
at her open mouth and guzzled piss as fast as she could. There 
was no way she could  keep up with the twin rush, and soon piss 
was bubbling up over her face like a fountain. Piss  washed down 
over the front of her body in a fast-moving wave.

As soon as the two men finished pissing, others moved in to take 
their turns on Sandy's  sexy, helpless body. A man pulled her up 
onto her hands and knees, and before Sandy could  settle 
herself, he had driven his long, fat cock straight up the clasping 
tunnel of her asshole.  Sandy screamed with pain and lust as the 
huge cock tore her tiny shitter wide open. 

Before  her scream fell to silence, three men dropped to their  
knees in front of her. 

Three long, dripping cocks poked their way over her beautiful 
face.  One of them fucked between her parted lips, shoving her 
scream back down her throat.

Sandy sucked the man's cock like a pacifier, her long, lithe body 
on fire with the pain of  the ass-fucking the man behind was 
giving her.
A huge woman sat down on Sandy's back and started rubbing 
her huge, gross cunt all over  Sandy's welted skin. Sandy 
wobbled from side to side with the huge weight of the fat woman,  
and the burning of the woman's foul pussy-slime into the wounds 
on her back almost drove  the blonde slave mad. But trapped 
between four men with four hard cocks there was no escape  for 
her.

"Ride me, horse!" the fat woman cried, dragging her rancid cunt 
all over Sandy's silky  skin. She raised herself up and plopped 
herself down on the bowed beauty, knowing how  much the 
impacts hurt the helpless slave. "Ride me! Ride me!"

Sandy gasped with anguish as the fat woman pounded down on 
top of her. Her face was  being covered in slimy pre-cum as all 
three of the men before her dragged their dripping  cocks over 
her lips and cheeks and forehead.

One after another the men took turns sliding their cocks into her 
mouth and down her throat. Sandy gagged and choked with every 
tip  to root plunge of cock they fed her, but the men only laughed 
and tried to choke her even  more. 

Sandy's ass was an easy, trapped target for the man fucking her, 
and he drilled his cock  up her shitter so savagely that Sandy's 
slender body shook with every fuck-thrust. He slapped  her 
tanned asscheeks as he fucked her, making her lush, tanned 
flesh jiggle and redden.

The man fucking her ass was the first to cum, and Sandy 
screamed around a mouthful of  dripping cock as he filled her 
injured shit-chute with cock-slime. His jism seemed to shoot to  
the very center of her stomach. She felt it pooling inside her, 
burning her up, and she jerked  her ass wildly from side to side, 
hunching and bucking like a wild horse.

"That's it, horse!" the fat woman cried gleefully, rubbing herself to 
another climax  between Sandy's silky shoulder blades. "Try to 
buck me off, horse! I'll break you yet, you  slutty little filly!"

Two of the men pushed their cocks into Sandy's mouth at the 
same time, and she screamed  out in anguish as they wedged 
her jaws farther apart than they were ever meant to go. 

Her  mouth bulged around the double load of cock, and when 
they tried to surge down her throat at the same time, Sandy's 
throat muscles began to tear.

The third man was poking his dripping cock all over Sandy's 
pretty face, shoving the head  of his cock into her nostrils, down 
into her ears, even poking it into her eyes. He did every  perverse 
thing that came to his mind, and while he was slapping the 
beautiful blonde slave in  the face with his fat prick, the 
excitement became too much for him.

Sandy winced when the first blob of jism erupted against her right 
eye. The second glob of  cock-slime splattered over the bridge of 
her nose and poured down over her upper lip. Then  the man was 
driving his spurting prick into her cheeks, fucking her beautiful 
face as though it  were a cunt. 

He splashed jism all over her and smeared it into her skin with 
the same motion.  The smell and feel of jism made Sandy's 
mouth fill with spft, and with two huge cocks  spreading her lips 
and jaws wide, the saliva coursed down wetly over her chin.

Everyone in the room laughed and made fun of how the blonde 
slut-slave's mouth was  watering for cum.

The man behind her was through cumming, and with his cock stili 
buried deep inside her ass, he loosed a strong stream of hot piss. 

Sandy squealed and trembled. The piss filled her like  an enema. 
Tears ran down her face from the overwhelming pain.

"Hold it, slave-slut!" Arnie shouted. "Hold it up inside you until I 
say you can fucking spill it!"

"You heard him!" The fat woman laughed, slapping Sandy's 
perfectly rounded ass again and again in an effort to make her 
spill the piss. "Hold it way up inside you!"

The man fucking her ass pulled out and another dropped behind 
her to take his place.  Sandy gasped with unbelievable agony as 
the second man torture-fucked her piss-filled shitter,  fucking her 
so savagely and erratically that she knew he was trying to fuck 
the piss back out  of her. He came quickly, and after he filled her 
with his steaming cock-filth, the real torture  began.

The man started pissing, and the second load of piss filled 
Sandy's asshole so completely  that she felt as though she was 
going to explode. And all the time the fat woman on top of her  
slapped her ass and rode her back in an evil, determined Ieffort 
to make her spffl the piss.

Sandy's back was coated with sticky, milky pussy-slime. The fat 
woman had leaked quarts of the noxious stuff, so much that it 
dripped down Sandy's golden flanks and dripped to the  floor. The 
fat woman had cum at least a dozen times from the excitement of 
riding and  torturing the willowy blonde beauty. Now she loosed 
her own torrent of piss all over the  tormented girl's perfectly 
shaped, perfectly tanned asscheeks.

Sandy screamed as the fat woman bathed her in piss, but only a 
tiny, strangled sound  escaped her cock-stretched lips. The two 
men were fucking their big pricks deeper and deeper  into her 
mouth. The swan-like curve of Sandy's throat was bulging with 
the doubled intrusion  of the two fat cocks. 
With a groan, one of the men started cumming, and Sandy 
choked as he  filled her throat with stringy, sticky fuck-juice.

"Oh shit!"

The other man started cumming a moment later, and Sandy 
writhed and twisted  desperately as the two men drowned her in a 
torrent of jism. She coughed so violently that  cum dribbled from 
her nose. A wave of cum washed out over her lips, coating her 
chin and  throat with dirty, clotted silver. Sandy almost collapsed 
with relief when the two men pulled  their cocks back into the wet, 
warm pocket of her mouth, and shot the rest of their jism onto  
her waiting tongue.

Another man slid into place behind her, and every fuck-hrust of 
his cock up her ass made  the piss inside her splash and swirl. 
Cramps tore through Sandy's asshole as she strived  desperately 
to keep from spilling the piss enema the men had shot up inside 
her. The fat  woman's piss, which was stffl pouring down over her 
ass and hips, made the task even harder.

All three of the men in front of her pissed in her face at the same 
time.

Sandy screamed, but her scream was a short, choppy one, cut 
off when the trio of men  aimed their streams right for the inviting, 
open cavern of her mouth. Sandy clamped her lips  tightly shut 
then, knowing she would be drowned if she let all three men fill 
her up with piss  at such close range.

Their piss smashed into her face like fists that just wouldn't stop 
hitting. They waved the  heavy streams back and forth, striking 
her cheeks and nose and lips and eyes. All that Sandy  could 
smell or taste or feel was piss. And then she felt and smelled 
something else,  and even knowing how overpowering the three 
streams of piss would be, she had to open her  mouth to scream.
The fat woman was shitting on her back!

The man fucking her ass groaned and came as the first thick, 
curling turd slapped down  between Sandy's perfect shoulders. 
He was pissing up her ass, adding his piss load to those of  the 
last two men.

Sandy shivered and screamed around a triple mouthful of piss, 
unable to stand the reality  of being shit on in front of such a 
crowd of people.

Someone grabbed her and flipped her over on her back, and the 
shit flew off her before  she hit the ground. For an instant, Sandy 
breathed a sigh of relief, but then hands were  bending her over, 
rolling her into a ball until her shoulders and head were crushed 
to the  floor and her knees touched down beside her ears. 

And then another cock fucked inside the  well reamed, piss-filled 
channel of her asshole. Sandy didn't scream until the second 
cock  began to force its way in beside it.

The little blonde who had beaten Sandy with the switch dropped 
her furty cunt right down  over Sandy's mouth, smothering her 
screams under a swollen, dripping pussy. 

A moment  later Sandy's hands were pulled and her fmgers were 
pushed between furry cunt-lips and into  marshy, buflrg pussies. 
Cocks slid through the soft cavities behind her knees and under 
her  arms.

Sandy felt overwhelmed with prick and pussy. But the thing that 
was driving her mad, the  thing that was beyond belief, was that 
two men were sticking their cocks up her tiny asshole at  the 
same time.


Slowly, grudgingly, Sandy's asshole spread out around the two fat 
cocks that were fucking  down inside it. Sandy trembled, shaking 
uncontrollably as she tried to hold back the quarts of  piss the last 
three men had pissed inside her. She broke into a clammy sweat.

One of the men fucking her behind the knee came, but Sandy 
barely noticed. His jism  slopped into the soft, sensitive cavity, 
then dribbled over her cheek and down her leg. The two  women 
were climaxing again and again on her pistoning fmgers, but 
Sandy was barely even  conscious of the fact that she was 
fucking them. When first one and then the other of the  women let 
loose floods of piss all over her hands, Sandy moaned in shame, 
but she didn't try  to draw her arms back away from them.

Soon all of her tormentors were cummmg. Jism erupted through 
her armpits, staining her  tits and collarbone and throat. The men 
fucked their cocks through her armpits until the jism  they had 
shot bubbled through the tiny cavities. They rubbed their cock-
slime into a shining sheen on her golden skin. 

The man fucking her other knee came, making sure every drop  
of his filthy jism landed somewhere on Sandy's face. 

Her face was already lathered with the  little blonde's pussy-
cream. The blonde giggled as she toyed with the rings that 
pierced  Sandy's nipples, and Sandy squirmed in pain as the girl 
jerked her tits up and to the sides with  vicious, tearing yanks.

Most of her thoughts were on the two men who were fucking her 
asshole. They sawed in  and out together, fucking her as if they 
possessed a single, gargantuan cock. They stretched  Sandy's 
tiny shitter until it tore, until it was big enough for a man to stick 
his head inside it. 

Sandy had never felt so completely violated.

The blonde woman raised herself up, crouching over Sandy's 
face so that the others would  have a clear shot of Sandy's face. 

And while the four men pelted the sultry blonde slave's face  with 
lines of burning piss, the sexy little bonde hosed her own 
steaming stream right into  Sandy's open mouth.

Sandy came while she was getting the five-way piss-bath, came 
through the stench of a  river of piss and the agony of the double 
ass-fuck. And when the two men fucking her ass  began to  shoot 
her shitter full of their cum, she climaxed again, tears running 
from her eyes, only  to be washed away by all the piss that was 
pelting her.

The two men started pissing up her ass, and Sandy's face turned 
white as her shitter was  filled with far more than it was ever 
meant to hold. By the time the men pulled their big cocks  from 
Sandy's ravaged asshole, her flat tummy buiged with the heavy 
load of piss she was  carrying inside her. She cried openly as 
more men advanced on her, knowing that she could  never 
withstand another ass-fuck with so much piss inside her.

The little blonde woman grunted and Sandy looked up just in time 
to see a fat brown turd  fall from the girl's tiny pink asshole. The 
turd slapped down heavily across Sandy's nose and  lips, and the 
beautiful blonde slave almost threw up. 

The little blonde dropped three more  turds on her face. By the 
time she was fmished, Sandy was wearing a veil of shit. Only her 
big  brown, vacant eyes were visible through the packed brown 
waste.

She was filled with the stinking piss of half a dozen men. She had 
been pissed on by at least  another dozen more. Her face was 
buried under a blanket of shit.

Sandy began to laugh hysterically, laugh insanely. 
She started pissing too, and with her hips bent over her head, 
she pissed right in  her own face. The piss splattered againstthe 
shit the little blonde had dropped all over her.

Arnie, Bridget, Rocky, and Chuck gathered around her. Sandy 
hoped they were proud of  her. She wanted them to hurt her-and 
to fuck her. Having others torture her was all right, but  it wasn't 
the same as when one of her masters hurt her or fucked her. She 
held the huge  weight of piss tightly inside her and smiled 
vacantly up through her shit facial, waiting for  them to tell her 
what to do.

"Let the piss go now," Arnie said with a smirk. "Let it go all over 
your shitty, slutty face!"

Sandy Bergen relaxed her asshole and let the pooled piss of a 
half dozen men gush into her  shit-caked face. As the filthy piss 
washed away the clotted shit, the gorgeous, slender blonde  
realized she'd be a slut-slave forever. 

She climaxed five times as the piss exploded out of her  asshole 
and into her waiting face and open mouth.

And when Arnie looped chains through her nipple rings and 
began to haul her upward,  until she had to stand on tiptoe, she 
came again, and pussy-cream poured down her trembling inner 
thighs.

And when the crowd closed in again, with whips and dildos and 
hard cocks and dripping cunts, Sandy welcomed them all.  




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Blake Garfield(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





