BDSM Library - Warehouse Rape




Warehouse Rape
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two teen girls miss the last bus home and get raped by more then one man.
WAREHOUSE RAPE

"Sharon, it's 10.00, let's go now. I don't wanna miss the bus" said Naomi.
"Yeh okay" replied Sharon.
The 17-year-old girls had been attending evening studies at the city college.
The drama course they attended started at 7.00pm and finished at 9.00pm. Both
girls stayed on late to help clear up and put away the props and enjoyed a cup
of tea with some of the other eager students. It was Naomi who had suddenly
realised the time and new that they had to make a dash for Fudley Road or walk
the three miles home.

It was getting dark when the girls eventually left the perimeter of the college.
Luckily it was a warm summers evening and the sun was on the verge of setting.
Naomi set the pace as they set off towards the Fudley Road bus stop with Sharon
a step behind.
"I enjoyed the rehearsals this evening. Hey that Jeff is a good laugh isn't he?
He is kind of cute as well" Said Sharon.
" Yes, I had a good time. Come on Sharon" replied Naomi picking up the pace "the
bus won't wait"
"Okay" said Sharon "god these shoes are killing me, can't walk fast in these".
She lifted her left leg and removed the stiletto shoe, then the other.
Sharon was tall, at about 6ft with long flowing blonde hair with a tanned
complexion. She was wearing a short sleeve blouse over her size 36 chest, and a
lightweight skirt over her knees. She was a good-looking well-proportioned girl,
and she knew it. She enjoyed flirting her "assets" to a point, but did not
consider herself to be an easy target or a slut and dressed moderately.

Sharon and Naomi had literally grown-up together having been best friends since
they mat as 11 year olds at the local comprehensive school. Throughout the
years, Naomi had always shone brighter then her school friend in lessons and
exams and it was her idea to do a drama course. Naomi was several inches shorter
then her blonde friend and wore a blouse and jeans. Her dark brown hair was
equally as long as Sharon but was lightly premed which suited her slightly
larger build. Naomi was most certainly the "least-looking" of the two girls and
did not have the same ego as her friend when it came to boys. However, being
with Sharon was useful, besides her being a best friend. It was easier
sparking-up a relationship with boys with "Shaza" around!   

They turned into Fudley Road only to see that the number 5 bus was already at
the stop. At some 200 yards away Naomi started running.
"Christ, it can't already be that time. Sharon, come on"
Reluctantly, Sharon chased after her friend in her bare feet but slowed her pace
as she saw the off-side amber flashing light on the tale end of the bus begin to
flash as the bus pulled away from the bus stop.
"Bugger" Naomi slowed up, panting
" Is my watch slow?" she adjusted her wrist towards the nearest street lamp so
that the face of her watch shone in its reflection.
Sharon caught up, her fashion shoes grasped in her left hand.
"What time is it?" She asked.
"10.17 by my watch. I can't believe that the fucking bus was on time for a
change. How much money have you got on you?" said Naomi.
"Just the fare" said Sharon. "Why?"
"For a taxi"
"Just bought the minimum. I'm broke 'till Friday" declared Sharon.
"Yeah, same here" replied Naomi.
They watched as the bus disappeared into the distance.

Fudley Road was a mainly retail, light industrial and warehousing environment.
The buildings that fronted the road were featureless and several stories high.
There was very little in the way of residential accommodation in Fudley Road or
any other part of the suburb of Greshamville where the girls were located.
The road was well lit but there was no other traffic and no other pedestrians.
The only noise they could hear was the distant roar of the bus.
"We had better start walking" said Sharon, replacing her uncomfortable shoes on
her feet "come on".
"yeah, it is 10.19 now. Who knows, we could be home by midnight".
They started off the deserted street at a slow pace. Both girls chatted about
the evening's drama class and of those who attended. It became clear to Naomi
that Sharon seemed to like the guy called Jeff; she may have even had a crush on
him. That was Sharon for you.

There was a sharp whistle behind. Both girls turned round to see several lads in
jeans, T-shirts and base-bull-caps some distance behind walking towards them.
They seemed to be wolf whistling and gesturing. The girls concluded that as
there did not appear to be anyone else in the road that they must have been
gesturing towards them.
"Do you know them?" asked Naomi as you could never always tell whom Sharon
befriended.
"I don't recognise them" She replied "Do you?"
"No"
"What are they saying?
There were four lads, or at least they could only assume from their clothing and
build that they were in their late teens or early twenties. One or two of the
lads appeared to be brandishing sticks or clubs or something.
"I don't like the look of this" Said Naomi "come on"
She stepped up the pace and her friend responded.
"What's the problem?" asked Sharon.
"They look a bad crowd" she replied.
Suddenly, there was a shout from one of the gang behind.
"Stop you fuckers, or you're goanna get it!"

There was no one else in the road. Sharon and Naomi looked at each other, both
aware of the possible danger of being out late at night. Naomi began to run.
"Wait" said Sharon, trying to run and remove her shoes at the same time "wait
for me"

The girls headed off down the road in flight away from their followers. Sharon
looked round to see that the guys were now running towards them in pursuit,
shouting at the fleeing girls.
"It is no good, they are gaining on us" said Naomi. "Quick, there is a car
coming towards us. Let's get some help".
The headlights of the saloon brightened as it came closer into view. Naomi ran
into the road in the path of the incoming car waving her hands in the air,
gesturing the vehicle to stop.
Sharon was still on the pavement when Naomi ran in to the road towards the
on-coming vehicle. She was in two minds as to whether their panic-stricken run
had been a good idea. Maybe the guys behind them did not mean any harm at all.
Maybe the guys were just territorial as some of them were in these districts,
and that their pursuers, if in fact they were chasing after them, just wanted to
see them out of the area or even scare them.

The car slowed and Naomi saw the driver's window being lowered as they were
almost opposite each other.
Her body ached from the sudden exercise and her breathing was heavy as she
placed her arms on the door of the vehicle in order to aid her rest.
"Can I help you miss?" said the man in the car.
Naomi could not see inside the car very well due to the subdued light but his
manner suggested that he was friendly.
" Please help, my friend and I...There are these men following behind, I think
we are in danger, can you call the Police please?"
"Oh I see them," said the man "they are not approaching now. Maybe I have put
them off" he put an arm out of the window ad motioned towards the rear door of
the saloon. "You girls jump in the back and I will take you to the police
station"
"Oh thank you" said Naomi "come on" she said to Sharon who was still on the
pavement.

The rear offside door of the car slammed shut and the car moved off. The guys
who were following them watched as the vehicle passed them. Sharon noted that
one of their pursuers was wearing a bright red T-shirt and white baseball cap.
The rest of his 'partners in crime' blended into the scenery.
There was silence in the vehicle then:
"You girls from far away?" the driver asked.
"About 2 miles in the opposite direction" said Naomi " We live in Gresham north"
"I'm not going that way" replied the driver. "I will drop you off at the Police
Station"
"Thanks" said the girls.

The car sped on for several minutes taking left and right turns before they
eventually turned into a narrow service lane. There were tall buildings either
side.
"Here we are girls. This is the back of the Police Station, we can enter through
the garage entrance"
The man pointed the wheels of the large saloon left into a gravel driveway,
which lead to a car park beneath the building.
"This is the rear entrance to the station, we can park up here in the basement
and I will take you upstairs." He said.

Sharon noticed that there were no other vehicles in the basement that could
accommodate at least 20 vehicles. She noticed that there was a central enclosed
part of the basement that probably housed the staircase, and possibly a lift.
"Where's the cop cars?" she asked.
"I expect they are out on patrol," said the man. Seemed feasible.

The girls climbed out of the car. Naomi noted that the man was bald, slim, and
wearing a waist length leather jacket and jeans. The man immediately put on his
sunglasses.

"This way" he gestured, pointing towards the stairs. " I park in here because
there is no room out front. Don't want a parking ticket in front of a Police
Station." he sniggered.

They followed him up the concrete stairs of the building up several stories.
"I don't wanna be rude but is the Police Station on this floor?" asked Naomi who
was starting to feel distrustful.
"Just behind this door" said the man, opening it before them. The man lead the
way and the door slammed shut after the last of them, Sharon, went through. They
followed the man into a room and discovered that the only comparison the room
had with a Police Station is the ability to hold and restrain.

Sharon was following Naomi and the man. She noticed that the room was badly lit,
with moist stone clad walls. The room was dark but the appeared to be a chair,
bed and other furnishings. She was trying to work things out when the man turned
round with a revolver in his hands.
"Don't move you son-of-a-bitches. Over there, by the wall"
Both girls stepped toward the wall, which was clear of furnishings.
"Face the wall, hands on head"
"Look," said Naomi " we only want the Police..."
The man took the pistol barrel by the hand and swiped the handle of the weapon
across the girl's forehead. Naomi went down on her knees, clutching her face.
Sharon moved her body towards her friend.
"Don't think about it" He gestured the weapon towards her.

Naomi was on her knees weeping. The pain in her head was not that bad it was
just that she could not believe that a man could do that to her. Her mind raced
in overtime as she wondered who could do such a thing. The light in the room
increased as the man turned on the lights and she could see that the room was
furnished with a four poster bed, a large wooden chair with arms, hoist, sink, a
wall rack with lots of items and other features. It was some minutes before she
took to her feet and faced the wall.

"Turn round" said the man "keep your hands on your heads". The girls turned
round to see the man wearing a facemask pointing the revolver at them.
"Ladies, I have some friends coming round soon, I haven't got much time so I
need you to strip for me now!"
"But Mister" said Sharon"
"Save you shit," said the man "I've heard it a hundred times before. I want you
both to remove your clothing, otherwise I will start shooting limbs, understand?
Don't look at each other like that. This is a warehouse and so are all the other
buildings round here. There isn't a person for several blocks away".

"Blondie, what is your name?"
"Sharon" she replied.
"And you?" he asked the other girl.
"Naomi"
"Well no offence Naomi but your friend is drop dead compared with you. I want to
see her naked before I, we, start on you both. Girls." he said, "Face each
other, and I want you Naomi to start undressing her"
"But"
The man walked behind the dark haired girl and raised the pistol.
"No no, I don't think you understand Naomi. You undress your friend or I will
shoot you in the right calf mussel" He walked behind the girl and placed the tip
of the barrel on the girl's jean covered leg.
"It's up to you" He cocked the gun. The girl winced.
"Okay" she said "Sharon?" she looked pleadingly towards her eyes.
"And if Sharon protests, you still get it in the calf muscle" he said.
"Right" said Sharon.

The man walked to the side of the two girls, stepped back and sat down on a
chair some distance away. He crossed his legs and placed the weapon on his left
knee and prepared himself to enjoy the show.
"Naomi, you can take your hands down from your head. Sharon, keep yours up there
except for when helping to remove your clothes" he said.
 "Naomi, remove your friends blouse." She resisted. The man picked up the
revolver.
"Now you bitch".

From the top, Naomi unbuttoned Sharon's blouse whilst her hands where on her
head. Naomi looked at the pale skin it revealed and was glad that her friend was
wearing a bra.
"Remove the blouse" he said.
Naomi pushed the material from her friend's breasts and Sharon obliged by
lowering her arms to allow the blouse to be removed.
"Now the skirt" He demanded.
Sharon obliged by moving her body round until the back of her skirt was visible.
Naomi unbuttoned the skirt and it fell to the floor. The girl was now in bra and
knickers.
"Now I want you to remove her bra" he asked.
Sharon turned her back towards her friend to allow the bra to be unclipped.
Naomi completed the request and the cups were removed from the girl's large
breasts. The man sat in admiration.
"Very nice Sharon. Naomi, turn the bitch towards me" Sharon, turned towards her
captive with her hands still on her head.
"Knickers off" he commanded.
Naomi froze.
The man picked up the revolver and pointed it at the girls.
"it is your choice" he said.
Naomi pulled her friends briefs from behind and yanked them down removing them
over the left leg then the right. Sharon was naked with her hands above her
head.

"Nice" said the man " I think your friend can sit down now. Sharon, over to this
chair please, I wont ask more then once".
She walked over to a large wooden chair that had most of the floor missing and
various couplings to restrain legs and arms in uncompromising possessions. She
sat down and he handcuffed the girl by the arm in order to restrain her
temporarily.




Suddenly, the door opened and there were voices. It was bad enough to be held up
by a mad man with a gun but now there were more people. Sharon, naked and cuffed
to the chair was alarmed as she saw several guys wearing base-ball-caps, one of
whom was wearing a light read T-shirt.

The guy in red seemed to be the leader; he went over to the captive.
"Sage, my main man, you done us proud" he said"
"Just lock up the door and the evidence on the way out" he said " This key is
for the front doors, the small key fits blondie's padlock, oh and the dark broad
is waiting for a poke"
"Cheers bud" said the man.

Naomi stood there. Their captive had now gone but there were now four lads
wearing T-shirts, jeans and sunglasses. They may have been the guys in the
street earlier but she was not sure. The guys were starting to pay interest in
Sharon who was uncomfortably naked and believing that things could only get
worse.

The man in the red T-shirt went over to Sharon and revealed a revolver and
placed it at her enclosed legs. He then pointed the gun towards Naomi.
"Don't resist my friend's or the blonde whore gets it"

The remaining three thugs advanced upon Naomi, two of them held her arms whilst
the third ripped the buttons from her blouse and used a knife to discard the
rear of the garment.
"Please no" said Naomi.
 Her jeans were unbuttoned and yanked down to her ankles. Her outstretched arms
held fast, she was made to hop on each leg as the garment was removed from each
ankle. The man at the front pulled down the cups of her revealing her size 34
breasts. The bra was dispensed of by tugging hard at the garment until the
material snapped. Rough hands stripped through the waistband of her panties and
ripped away at both legs. Naomi was now as naked as her friend and was being
pushed towards the bed.

"No" said Naomi as she was pushed naked down on the bed. She lie there watching,
trying to keep her dignity by keeping her legs together as she watched the lads
undress. She glanced over at Sharon who was with the guy in the red shirt.

He used to have a red T-shirt on. Now he was naked and stood in front of Sharon
with his waist level with her head. The man had an erect cock at the entrance to
her mouth and Sharon was resisting. It was only when he cocked the gun and
placed it against here head that she succumbed and allowed the erect penis into
her mouth. Naomi watched momentarily as her friend was mouth fucked at gunpoint.
The man pulled his cock in ad out at an alarming rate and knew that the man was
determined to violate her properly. At least she wasn't being virginal fucked,
she thought.

The naked lads stood looking at the naked and frightened Naomi.
"Three holes for three guys" said one of them.
"Yeah, with the bitch in the right position" said another.
"Yank the bitch onto her knees with her head facing the bed" said the third
"that way we can have a hole each. I am happy to give her a face fuck if you
guys want the other holes?" There was no disagreement.

Two of the guys grabbed hold of the frightened Naomi by the shoulders and waist.
She had no guts to struggle. She just looked at the two men who were upon her,
preparing her. She could not believe how erect the men were, so turned on, and
they wanted her. She was twisted over so that she was on her knees.
"Keep like that, spread your legs" a gun was produced "or you know what will
happen".

"I will get underneath" said one of them. He slid in from the front. She had to
move her arms apart to accommodate his body and by the time his erect cock was
in position to ravish her cunt, the man was in a position to kiss her or suck
her breasts if he wished to. She looked ahead in shame only to see the second
man climb onto the bed, knees bed and erect cock pointing towards her face. She
screamed but the man underneath held her steady and the man in front held her
face and showed her the gun.

"You ready up there Jed" said the guy with his cock nestled against Naomi's
cunt. "Yep, I'm goanna find some lubricant for that arse. Who's first?" he
asked.
"Me" said the guy below. He pulled at her pelvis and his cock sank slowly
inside. Naomi trembled and cried.
"Don't resist, there is much more to come" he said.
"Open mouth" said the man with the gun "Good girl, now take it in there, just
like your friend, suck it, that's nice"
For the first time in her life Naomi was sucking a cock, a strangers cock, a
forced cock, a cock she had no control of. The man held her head as he slid the
unwelcome penis in and out.
"Carry on sucking it nicely and I wont make you do throat" he said. She groaned
in acknowledgment and did what she was told.

Naomi could feel the fresh air at her spread arse hole as she struggled to
satisfy the men accommodating her cunt and mouth. Suddenly, she could feel hands
on her buttocks and a cold dampness working its way into her arsehole. She was
startled and panicked. He breathing increased and the guy being sucked off
showed her the gun.
"Hey butter man" said the guy called Jed "great lubricant for teenage arses".

In a sitting position, Sharon had been licking and sucking the man who appeared
to be leader for a long time. His cock became harder and purple but he seemed in
no hurry to unleash his seed. He withdrew and pulled the suffering Sharon
forward in the chair so that it was easy to access her cunt. He placed the cock
at the opening to her virgina.
"Spread your cunt lips and put my cock up there" he said. Sharon 'fiddled' with
herself to unblock the way and placed his cock at the entrance to her passage.
She gasped as he rammed it the full extent of her inexperienced virgina.

From where she was being fucked, Sharon could see what had been happening to
Naomi. First she had been violently stripped, then placed on the bed before
being man handled into doggy position to take a cock in the cunt and mouth. Now
she saw the third man applying butter to the girl's anus. Sharon felt so ashamed
as she saw the man position himself between her friends arse cheeks and begin to
force his cock into her anus. She bucked and tried to avoid the violation but
the man face fucking Naomi, showed her the gun.

Naomi winced as the cock in her spinaches rammed home. The men in her cunt and
mouth came, spilling their seed in each orophis. Naomi was made to swallow the
seed in her mouth. The anal passage of the 17 year old was very tight and it did
not take long for the third man to come.

The men who had been inside her cunt and arse stood at the end of the bed and
with gentle persuasion Naomi was made to suck the cocks clean of seamen and
other fluids.

Naomi could see Sharon being brought over to the bed by the guy in charge. He
pushed her on the bed so that she was lying on her back. Naomi was still on all
fours having cleaned up the men.
"Sharon, your friends mouth, cunt and arse have been fucked raw. I want you to
kiss and lick her holes better" Said the man in charge "start with her cunt"
There was very little reason to refuse at this stage and Sharon slid between
Naomi's legs and began to lick and suck on the moist and used clitoris and hole.
"Now her arse, seeing as you are down there" said the man.
Sharon pulled Naomi's waist lower and positioned her tongue around her friend's
arsehole and licked and probed.
"Seeing as you two girls are so intimate with each other, we are going to tie
you together" He said. The men had started to get dressed.

Naomi was rolled onto her back and legs spread. Sharon was placed on top of her
friend so that her head was parallel with her cunt. Her arms were tied to her
spread thighs. Likewise, Naomi was lying on her back with her friend's cunt
close to her face; her arms were tied around Sharon's thighs.

"We are going out for a while. If we come back and find that you are enjoying
each other, then maybe we wont fuck you" said the leader. The lads laughed as
they left the building. All was quiet except for the lapping of tongues against
groins.



8th July 2001




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pauly


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





