BDSM Library - Karen




Karen
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A fan has a fantasy about a cruel doctor and asked the author to write this story of her pain and humiliation.
                    KAREN

I was talking to the new girl, Barbara Winthrop, at coffee when she said,"You
know the worst thing about moving to a new town is finding a good gynecologist.
I sure won't go back to the one I saw last week."

"Really? Why?"

"Well it is kind of embarrassing but since you are a girl you will understand.
First of all I think he must be some kind of sex fiend because he has his nurse
dressed in a tiny uniform that barely covers her butt and the way she looked at
me I think she may be a lesbian. Anyway she took me back to a room with the
familiar table with stirrups but this one was scary because there were straps on
the stirrups to hold your ankles. Just as I was down to my panties and bra he
came into the room. I expected him to leave until I had put on the little robe
that ties at the back but he just stood there watching me. Then he said gruffly,
"Get undressed. I have other patients."

I said,"Could you please leave until I have the robe on?"

He just grinned and said,"Why? I am going to see you naked."

I couldn't argue with that so I went ahead and took off my bra and panties
blushing like mad and grabbed the robe. Even the robe was different. It just had
a loop to go over my head to hold up the front. Before I could tie it he lifted
me up on the table and roughly put my feet in the stirrups and buckled leather
straps around my ankles. When I asked him why my ankles were bound since no
doctor had ever done that before he said, "I don't want your feet to go out of
the stirrups."

Then he told me to put my hands behind my head and when I did There was a click
and suddenly my wrists were manacled. I said,"Why are you doing this? No other
doctor did this."

He said, "I don't want you moving around. You could hurt yourself."

Then he grabbed the sides of my robe and pulled it over my head to leave me
stark naked and helpless on the bench. I could have died of embarrassment.

He started my breast exam. It was different too. He felt and squeezed them for
twice as long as any other doctor then grabbed my nipples and pulled and twisted
them until they hardened. As I blushed he said,"Good the nipples have extended.
A normal reaction."

Then he went to the stirrups and they were different too. He pulled them apart
and extended them until I was doing the splits. I complained that hurt my hips
but he just said,"Sorry it is necessary for a good exam."

He said,"You are quite hairy. I am going to have to trim this a bit."

I thought I would die! He would grab a tuft of hair and pull it out until it
hurt then snipped it off with scissors. When he was through he said, "That is
better. Now I can see. Here take a look."

He held a mirror down there and I had never seen my vagina like that. It was
nearly hairless and I was stretched so far open I could see the inner lips and
even the pink hole to my womb.I whimpered,"Please get this over with so I can go
home."

He said, "I like to do a thorough exam so it takes time."

He showed me the hugest speculum I have ever seen and said,"You may need some
lubrication for this. Let's see how well your bartholin glands work."

He began fingering and twiddling my clitoris with his right hand while running
the fingers of his left hand up and down the inner lips. I was totally mortified
and worse my damn body betrayed me by getting me wet.

If that wasn't bad enough. He called for his nurse and said, "Look at these
marvelous batholin glands."

Since I was sure she was a lesbian that was just as bad as having another man
look at me all naked and helpless.

She said,"Oh yes. They are wonderful. She is nearly dripping."

He put that huge speculum in me then opened it so wide I was afraid I would be
torn. I yelled, "Stop! stop. You are hurting me."

He said,"Hush! You will scare the other patients." and slapped my inner thigh
real close to my vagina. It hurt bad so I shut up.

He left the speculum in me and again held up the mirror. Morbid curiosity made me
look. My poor vagina was stetched open so much there was a wrinkle at the top of
the slit and I could see my cervix.

He said everything looks normal. Let's check for depth."

The nurse got something that looked like my vibrator only larger with numbers on
the side."

She began pushing it into me as he said,"Let us know when it hurts."

I felt it go in deep then a pain and said,"It hurts."

He said,"I think it can go deeper. Move it in and out a few times and try a
little deeper"

She moved it in and out pressing on my clit with every stroke then pushed it in
until I cried. He said, "Very good. You needn't fear any man. It went in twelve
inches."

That completed the exam but they both watched me as I dried my vagina and
dressed to complete my humiliation. I would report him to the AMA but I would be
too embarrassed to testify."

I said,"Oh God that is horrible!" but in spite of what I said I could feel that
her story had soaked my panties."

I said,"What is his name and address?"

"Dr. McDonald on eleventh ave. Why? You don't plan to see him do you."

"Oh no. Of course not. I just want to be sure I avoid him."

"Good idea."

I couldn't get my mind off the picture of her bound to that table all helpless
and exposed. Perversely that was one of my fantasies. I had never met a dominant
man. My Dad was pussywhipped by Mom and all my dates were with wimps. Once I
told a guy it was my birthday and asked him if he wanted to give me a birthday
spanking. He just got embarrassed and said,"Oh I couldn't. I might hurt you."
Shit that was the concept I was going for but Dr. McDoald may be too much.

I had to know so I called his office. His nurse said, "I am sorry but Dr.
McDonald is not accepting new patients."

I was crushed then played my ace in the hole saying, "Oh that is too bad. Barbara
Winthrop recomended him. She said he made exams a lot more interesting than
other doctors."

"Really. Did she tell you about her exam?"

"No details just that he was very thorough and did things no other doctor had
done. I am embarrassed by these exams and need a strong hand to make me do them.
My former Doctor who retired would give me a spanking if I missed an
appointment."

"I see, and that was all right to you?"

"Oh yes. I deserved it. I was good from then on."

"Hold on. I'll talk to the Doctor."

It seemed like she was gone forever as I sat on pins and needle listening to
elevator music.

Finally she came back and said, "Doctor said he could make an exception and see
you after dinner. Can you be here at seven tonight?"

I gulped. I had hoped for an appointment later on it case I changed my mind but
I was committed and said, "Yes I am single so that will be fine."

"Okay. The building will be closed but I will come down at seven to let you in.
Don't keep me waiting."

I said, "I'll be there."

It was winter so it was dark at seven. The building was all dark and scary with
only a couple of windows lit up on the seventh floor and a dimly lit entry. It
occured to me that no-one would be able to hear me if I screamed. I thought I
must be crazy to even consider this as I watched a woman in a white dress pace
in front of the door. Suddenly she looked disgusted and started to walk away. I
panicked and ran to the door to knock on it as she was waiting for the elevator.

She opened the door and said,"You must be Karen. You kept me waiting."

"I'm sorry. It is just a few minutes,"

"No. It was seven minutes. You may have to be punished."

I gulped and said, "It was stupid. I guess I would deserve it."

She just nodded and we got into the elevator. As soon as we got to the office
she pointed out a room and told me to go in there and undress.

I went in but I took some time to check to see if Barbara had exaggerated. She
hadn't. I saw the ankle cuffs and wrist cuffs and opened the legs holding the
stirrups to confirm they opened to pull my feet back straight out from my hips.
I had not done the splits since I was a teen. I wondered if I still could.

As I was thinking about that the door opened and Dr. McDonald and his nurse came
in. His nurse said harshly, "I told you to get undressed."

I was startled and said,"I am sorry. It embarrasses me to be nude. I was working
up the courage."

Dr. McDonald said, "Get the courage I don't want to be here all night."

I gulped and said,"Are you going to watch me undress."

"Yes. You are thirty years old it is time you got over childish modesty."

I began to undress. Perversly I had worn a lot of clothes to make this
humiliation last.

I took off my blouse and skirt to reveal a full slip then took that off blushing
in spite of the fact I wanted this. I took off my pantyhose and stood there in
only bra and panties. I said still blushing, "Do I have to take these off too?"

His nurse said,"Of course. I will help you."

She stepped behind me and took off my bra. It suddenly occurred to me that if
she was a lesbian this was like being sripped by two men.

I am proud of my boobs although they are 35 D thanks to exercise and good bras
they don't sag.

She made me blush deeper when she said,"She has great breasts."

Then without warning she put her hands under them to lift them nearly to my chin
then dropped them saying, See Doctor they just bounce and stand out proudly."

"Yes. This is a good time to check her nipples. I gasped as she pinched them
between her thumbs and fingers and pulled and twisted. I whimpered as it seemed
forever as they hurt from the pinching and pulling. Then she pulled hard and let
them snap back. She said, "They are normal. See how they have grown and become
stiff?"

The Doctor laughed and said,"Yes much like a penile erection."

The nurse laughed and said, "It would have to be a young boy.'

I was dying of mortification. They were talking about me as if I was an object
and this was just the beginning.

She went behind me again and began slowly pulling down my panties revealing me
inch by inch as I blushed furiously. He just laughed and said, "This does
embarrass her. She is blushing clear to her breasts."

Then they were below my butt and she let them drop to the floor.

He frowned and said, "She is asking for a yeast infection with all that hair."

I thought that was unfair. I washed it every day and even combed it to be neat.

They had me get on the table and buckled my ankles then the nurse jerked my arms
back to tighten my breasts and put cuffs on my wrists.

The nurse grabbed one ankle and the Doctor the other and pulled me open wider
than I had ever been in my life. I yelled,"Ow! That is hurting me."

He slapped my inner thigh with his rubber gloved hand narrowly missing my pussy
and said "Shut up!"

Naturally I yelled "Ow," at the sharp sting and he hit my other thigh grazing my
pussy lip. I yelled, "Ow!" again. He said,"I am going to hit you until you learn
to control yourself."

He hit again but I was able to just gasp at the sharp pain. He said,"That is
better but we should even up the redness. He hit the other thigh and tears burst
from my eyes but I managed to stay quiet.

He said, "That is better. Good girl."

For some reason, "Good Girl." seemed like high praise and to my own surprise I
said, "Thank you."

He just grinned and said, "Nurse. Get the soap."

"Yes but I must tighten her first." I heard a clicking noise I recognized as the
same sound a boyfriend had made when he winched his boat onto the trailer. She
pulled me so tight I could see all my ribs in the mirror on the examination
light in the ceiling. I heard vertabrae pop as my hips hurt even more.

He began cutting off my pubic hair by pulling it tight then snipping it to let
the skin spring back. It was a different kind of pain than the stings that had
radiated to my pussy and I felt myself becoming excited. I tried everything to
get my mind off the pulls to my pussy including doing multiplication of numbers
in my head but it didn't work.

The Doctor said, "She obviously has masochistic tendencies. This is getting her
very wet. Karen, have you felt pain to your vagina before?"

I moaned, "No. Just my butt spanked."

"Oh yes. Nurse said your old doctor had spanked you for being late. How did he
do it?"

I had not expected that question and thought desperately for an answer. Then I
saw some plastic tubing coming from a wall plug to an oxygen mask. I gulped and
stamerred, "H He had me bend over the examination table then spanked my bottom
with tubing like that coming out of the wall."

He said, "Really. Just a straight length or doubled."

I thought doubled would give me two stings at once and perversely I wanted the
stings that had now left my thighs. I moaned, "Doubled."

He said,"That is best. Straight would let the metal connector hit you."

I moaned at that thought glad I had not said single then the nurse appeared
rubbing an old fashioned shaving brush in a mug of soap. It was just like my
grandpa had used.


He stepped back and she began rubbing the warm soapy brush on my pussy. God that
felt wonderful and I hoped she would never stop but then the Doctor pushed her
aside and began shaving the stubble he had left with a safety razor. That felt
good too and I pushed my hips up a little in spite of the pain to my hips.

He said gruffly, Stay still. I could cut you."

I tried but it felt so good I moaned and twisted a little. His big hand came
down to spank my pussy. His hand was big enough to cover all of it and I yelled,
"Ahh!" as the sting went clear inside me."

He said, "What did I tell you?"

I moaned,"You said to be quiet but that really stung. I'm sorry."

"If you are really sorry you will ask for another spank now rather than be
punished worse later."

I couldn't imagine anything worse but moaned, ""Oh God. Please give me another."

I could hardly believe I said "Please" but the new sting felt like it went to my
womb. I managed just a gasp as I felt a perverse thrill run through me.

Then he got a speculum that stretched me so much I was afraid I would be torn.
He stuck in his big hand and then said, "The cervix is normal."

Thankfully he unlocked the speculum and took it out.

Then he said, "I have a new instrument. You may have never experienced this
before."

He showed me something that looked like a huge pink dick and began pushing it
into me while the nurse counted numbers. At ten I moaned, at eleven I gasped
then at twelve I cried,"Please. No more."

He just grinned and said,"I think you can take another inch."

I gasped as I was sure it was hitting my stomach.

He said, "This has another feature. We can check width."

He began pumping a rubber bulb and I felt it swelling inside me. I felt my guts
move to make room for it as my  lips began to stretch more and more until there
was real pain. I moaned "No more. No more but he said, "Someday a babies head
will come out of there. He kept pumping as I cried until finally he said,"Good a
new record. Nurse get the polaroid so she can have a souvenier."

I moaned, "No." certain he would show it to his friends. She took several
pictures as my pussy throbbed more and more. Then she held one in front of my
eyes. It was the most grotesque thing I had ever seen and I had seen some gross
things at the newsgroup Alt Torture. The lips were just fine lines with a
wrinkle at the top of the slit and it ached and throbbed like mad.

Finally he released the valve and it began to shrink. I said,"Thank you."
ignoring the fact I would not have had to thank him if he hadn't done it.

He said, "That completes the exam now there is the matter of your punishment for
being late, making noise, and saying no."

All I could think of was that I was finally to be released from my bondage so a
spanking would not be too bad. I moaned. "Yes I know. Release me and I will bend
over the table."

He grinned and said, "You are too old for a childish butt spanking. I plan to
hit more sensitive areas. Do you know what they are?"

I pnicked and cried, "No you can't mean my breasts and tummy. That would hurt
too much."

" Actually you left out a couple of places."

I cried, "Oh no. Not my inner thighs and pussy. Your hand was too much there."

"Yes but the tubing is much lighter than my hand?"

The nurse handed him the tubing and he doubled it to make it a couple of feet
long then began rubbing it on my breasts to pull on the nipples and back and
forth in my pussy slit. It felt good and I kinda forgot it woulds soon hurt
until he said, "Nurse. How late was she?"

"Seven minutes Doctor"

"Ok say three apiece for those?"

"I think it should be four. It was cold in the lobby and as you know I only had
this thin uniform."

"Yes and since you suffered you can do the extra seven."

This was not my fantasy. I had just wanted a strong father figure. I said, "No
don't let her hit me. That will be twenty eight spanks."

He grinned and said,"You insist on thinking of this as a childish spanking. Say
you are going to lash me twenty eight times. Remember No carries a penalty."

I moaned, "Oh God. You are going to lash me twenty eight times."

"Actually more. Nurse how many times did she say no?"

"I think it was five or six."

I said "No. It couldn't have been that many."

The nurse grinned and said,"Seven."

He said, "How many for a no. two or three."

Three if I get my seven."

I moaned. That brought it to forty nine.

He said, "How many times did she make noise?"

"Oh at least ten times."

That was a lie but I just moaned knowing if I said anything they would add more.

"Let's make it eleven but only one lash each for an even sixty."

"You are the boss Doctor."

"That works out well. Ten to each thigh, ten to her tummy, ten to each breast
across her nipples,
and of course ten to her vagina. You can give the last two lashes on each set."

It was all I could do to keep from screaming no. I had just planned on the
humiliation of the exam and a simple butt spanking. I thought she may have
empathy for me since she was a woman so I whined, "Your nurse suffered the most.
Shouldn't she get to do half?"


His nurse said excitedly, "Oh may I doctor?" I began to wonder if I had made a
mistake."

"Perhaps. You know what you have to do to get favors."

"Yes. It will be worth it."

She took off her uniform showing she was naked under it. She also had a shaved
pussy. I said "Oh you shave your nurse too."

No, actually she is plucked. Do you know what a hemostat is?"

"Yes it is kind of like a skinny pliers with notches to keep it tight.

"Exactly. I inspect her every week and clamp the stats to any hair I find then
she jumps up and dowm until the hair pulls out."

"Oh God. That must hurt."

"Yes but she knows to obey."

Now I really had second thoughts. If she could do that to herself she would not
have much sympathy for me. I was wishing I had kept my big mouth shut.

She went to a drawer and took out six large hemostats. Then she opened her legs
and clamped one on her pussy lip. She kind of shuddered and gasped then with
tears in her eyes put two on each pussy lip and one on each nipple. That must
have hurt the worst. because she paused before putting on the second one and
took a deep breath.

Then she crawled over to the Doctor on her hands and knees with them swinging.
She took off his shoes and socks then untied and slid down his surgical pants to
reveal an ugly red gnarly dick.

She got up on her knees and pulled up on the stats on her nipples to put them in
his hands then lifted his feet to put his big toes into the handles of the stats
in her pussy. She kissed the head of his dick then put it in her mouth.  She
took it in until her nose was in his pubic hair then began bobbing.  As she
bobbed he pulled on the stats with his hands and toes to stretch her nipples and
pussy lips. She sucked a long time until he made a face and said, "Now!."

She let it slip out of her mouth and sat back as he rubbed his dick then shot
cum all over her face. She used her finger to scrape it off and sucked the
finger smiling.

He took off her stats and that hurt her too causing little cries.

They came over to me and he said, "Where do you want the first ten?"

God he wanted me to ask for them. I couldn't and said,"They all will hurt. You
choose?"

"No I want you to say, Please lash my whatever. If you don't I will double your
sentence."

That really made me panic. I thought my tummy would be least sensitive so I
moaned, "Please lash my Tummy."

He said, "No. Louder and be sincere."

I tried three times but he wasn't satisfied until I said loudly, "Please lash my
tummy. I want to feel it."

His five really stung but her's were worse. My poor tummy stung and burned like
crazy."

I was sobbing in pain when he said,"Where do you want the next ten."

He made me say it until I had stopped sobbing. "Please lash my left thigh.
Hard!"

Again his were bad but she was terrible. she made the loop on the end pinch my
pussy lip every time.

I couldn't take any more there so I begged, Please hit my breasts" but he
said,"No. Say please lash my slutty tits."

It was really humiliating but I said it. They just went ahead to hit all twenty
at once which surprisingly was better. It seemed as it went on the pain
lessened.

I asked to have my other thigh lashed and to my relief he said "Don't hit her
pussy this time. You get that next."

She wasn't happy and hit as hard as she could but now it didn't matter. Thrills
just ran all over my body.

I asked to have my pussy lashed getting it right the first time and his were
just a warmup to hers but by then something weird and wonderful happened. The
lashing was causing orgasms that rocked my whole body.

It was over and I laid there panting and drenched in my sweat and juices.

They released me and helped me to my feet but I was to weak to stand at first.
She hugged me to her mashing our breasts together then she said "Thank you." and
gave me a deep kiss as she rubbed her pussy against my red welted one. I was
always revolted by lesbians but that kiss rocked me to my toes

Finaly I calmed down and she offered to help me dress. I told her that all I
wanted to wear was my blouse and skirt.

I got on the subway to go home. Each bump made my boobs move to rub my sore
nipples on the blouse
but that just excited me.  A man was watching my boobs move and I was tempted to
lift my skirt to show him my welted pussy but of course I didn't

When home safe I had mixed emotions. I wanted him to go to jail for hurting me
so much but then I would remember the explosive orgasms.

The next day the problem was resolved. I got a package. When I opened it I saw a
video tape. I played it and saw it had been edited and I was begging for the
punishment. Worse it was hard to tell if my reactions were from intense pain or
orgasms. I knew then I couldn't go to the police and strangely that made me feel
at peace. There was a note in the box that said, "You are coming to the office
at seven PM Friday. You will do some shopping, You must find some instruments
suitable to hit your buttocks, your stomach, your thighs, your breasts and of
course your pussy. Don't think you can cheat by buying something that will not
hurt too much because if we think it is not suitable we will use one of ours
only with twice the lashes. You will wear only a raincoat. It will be unbuttomed
at the top to the level of your nipples and at the bottom to your buttocks.
Unless you wish to have them pucked you better make sure your pussy and anus is
totally bare.

I have been shopping all week in leather stores, hardware stores and sex shops.
Maybe it is my imagination but all the clerks seem to know the things will be
used on me

the end?




                                      KAREN 2

I couldn't make myself go to a sex store to shop because I knew anyone who saw
me there would think I was some kind of slut or pervert rather than the victim I
considered myaelf.

I remembered some spatulas in the kitchen department of Macy's that might be
suitable so I went there. I saw a long teflon spatula used for barbecues and a
paddle to remove pizza. I stood there holding them thinking of the pain they
could cause. I must have had a sick look on my face because a clerk came to me
and asked, ""Are you alright?" Even though she didn't have a clue about what I
was thinking I blushed and said, "I'm okay. These just gave me a flahback to
childhood spankings."

She said,"Oh I know what you mean. My stepdad used to spank me with a wooden
spoon. I can't touch one without remembering."

I had lied. I had never been spanked as a child. She gave me a visual I found
fascinating. I said, "Really? What did you do to get spanked and how did he do
it?"

"It didn't take much. You know, talking back, bad report card, messy room. stuff
like that. I am embarrassed to tell you how he did it."

I said," Come on. We both experienced it."

"Well if you tell me how you were spanked I will tell you about mine."

I had to think fast to come up with this lie. " Mom would make me take off my
panties and lift my skirt to lean over a chair where she would sting and redden
my butt." Then I had an inspiration to make it worse, "Actually it was more
embarrassing than painful because if my older brother was home she would let him
watch. I was totally humiliated."

"Oh I know but my stepdad was worse. Sometimes when I came home from school he
would be sitting with his buddies drinking beer. He would ask me what I had done
wrong that day. I would say 'Nothing,' but then he would say,'Okay but If I have
to get up and find something it will be worse for you." I knew he would find
something and would make it worse so I would think about it knowing he had seen
something then remember I had forgotten to make my bed or something. I would
confess and be relieved if that was what he meant because if he was thinking of
something else I would have to try to guess at that. Each thing added ten spats.

"If I was lucky he would say, 'Yes I am glad you were honest about it. You know
what to do."

"I knew alright. I had done it a lot. I would go into the kitchen and get the
wood spoon to hand to him then step back to face them and take off all my
clothes except my shoes and socks. I was super embarrassed because his friends
would stare at me and I knew it would get more embarrasing because I was
fourteen and had boobs. He would have me lean over to hold on to a stair
bannister which made my boobs hang down and then spank me. The pain would make
me dance to make my boobs jump and reveal my crotch but after a few I didn't
care. It hurt too much to worry about the show I was giving them."

I said,"Oh wow. That must have excited them. Didn't they want to touch you."

"I am sure they would have liked to but he sent me to my room right after where
I would rub my butt until the sting went away."

"Did it excite you at all. It wouldn't me at the time but later when I thought
about it I got excited."

"That is the weird thing. He did it until I graduated from high school and could
leave to come here to get this job. All that time I thought it was awful but now
I find myself thinking about it and I do get excited like you."

I grinned and said,"I think I have made a friend."

"Yes. We will have to get together for a drink or something and share
experiences. Here is my card. I am here everyday except Monday and Tuesday."

I thanked her and put the card in my purse even though I never planned to call
her.

I knew that was not enough to satisfy the Doctor so I went to a hardware store.
Stuff I had never thought about before now had sinister connotations. There were
ropes and chains to tie me,wooden dowels that could welt me,all kinds of clamps
that could pinch me, and thousands of pins and nail that could be stuck into me.
I found a thick plastic yard stick I knew would hurt and put it in my cart then
went back to the rope section deciding a rope used for lassoos may satisfy him
as a whip since it was very stiff. I asked the clerk for five feet of it and he
said, "Five feet? Most people get at least twenty. What are you going to do with
five feet of it?"

I thought fast and said, "This is to decorate a flower pot."

I was relieved when he said,"Oh I see."

I went home with my purchases and looked at them for a while then decided I
should see how they felt in case I wanted to eliminate one.

It was really awkward to try to spank my butt and it didn't hurt since I could
only flip my wrist so I used the spatula on the top of my thigh which stung but
not awfully. I decided to hit my tummy with the pizza paddle. That really hurt
and I had not realized how heavy it was, It nearly knocked out my breath. I
dropped it into the wastebasket. Th yard stick was so long I lifted it while
lying down and swung it down to sting my tummy and the whole length of my thigh.
It really stung but not unbearably so I set it next to the spatula.

I picked up the rope and decided I could swing it around my front to spank my
ass. It was awful.It bent to stripe both cheeks and worse I had not noticed the
little fibres that stuck out to scrape the skin. I tossed it away but for some
reason didn't put it in the wastebasket.

I thought about how I would be humiliated by being forced to get nude for these
things to hit me when I suddenly remembered he had said I would be hit on my
breasts and pussy. None of these things could be used there it would be
intolerable. I realized I would have to conquer my embarrassmet and find
something suitable in a sex shop.

After work I put on my biggest sunglasses and a hat to disguise me. I had looked
in the yellow pages and found a shop that said they specialized in Bondage and
S&M. I was too embarrassed to have the taxi drop me off at the store so just
told hin the intersection not realizing that block had nothing but sex shops.

The driver grinned at me and said, "In that prim outfit I would never have
guessed you were into porn."

I knew he meant my business suit and blushed as I lied, "I'm not. There is a
restaurant there."

"Yeah right! A greasy spoon you would not go to in a hundred years."

I didn't want to discuss it and just said still blushing,"Please drive on."

He wouldn't shut up.

He said,"What kind of porn are you into? In that outfit you could be a butch
dike. Looking for lesbian stuff?"

"No. I am not a lesbian. would you please just shut up?"

"Just trying to help. I know all the shops and they specialize. If not lesbian
maybe you are a femdom. Looking foe something to torture some poor guy."

That seemed better than the truth and I said, "Yes. I have a client that looks
like you. I will beat him until he cries for mercy."

That shut him up. He said,"Don't look at me. I am straight but you will want
'BONDAGE AND MORE'
and I will shut up."

That was the name of the place in the yellow pages. I went in and looked totally
out of place. The few girls in there wore slutty outfits that showed rings in
their belly buttons and tattoos that ended somewhere on their breasts or lower
tummy. You could only see the top part of snakes and rosebranches. They looked
at me curiously which brought another blush but I was determined to stay. I
browsed around and found that I was not the only woman to be tortured, There
were racks of magazines with tortured women on the covers and more racks of
videos with titles like "Tortured Coeds or Whipped Housewife" I went down every
aisle although it took all my will power to stay seeing huge black dildos, all
kinds of vibrators and finally some handcuffs and other bondage stuff but no
whips. I started to leave wondering how many other shops I would have to go to
but on the way out the clerk said, Didn't you find what you wanted?"

I said, "No."

"What are you looking for?"

I said softly,"Whips." hoping he could direct me to another store."

He said loudly, "Whips? We have gobs of whips. Go to that back door. Whip
customers like privacy."

I could have died of embarrasment. The other customers stared at me and the
girls giggled. I rushed to the door just to get out of their sight.

Evidentally it had an electric lock since I heard a click just before pulling
open the door. It was a large room and spooky with fake rock walls and torches
for light like dungeons I had seen while reading about the Spanish Inquizition.
Ther were gobs of whips, canes, and leather paddles but also bondage equipment
including a rack, a pillory, and rpes with cuffs hanging from the ceiling and
chains with cuffs on the wall. It was really frightening and I turned to leave
but there was no knob on the door and when I pushed on it it was locked.

Adoor opened at the back and a man came out wearing just black leather pants and
boots. He had a big hairy chest and a flat muscular stomach. When he got closer
he said, "Don't worry. The door is locked. No-one can come in."

I blushed and said, "I was going to leave."

He said,"You don't want to leave. You are here because you want to be or you
were told to come here to purchase something special. Which is it?"

For once the truth seemed less perverted. "I was told to shop for whips and
things to punish me."

"I see, You have been a bad girl. Haven't you?"

I blushed and said, "No. I am being forced to do this."

"Don't lie. You know no-one can force you. You can leave this town or report
them to the police."

"You don't understand. I would have to leave my job and it would be too
embarrassing to go to the police."

"I understand. From your clothes I can tell you don't have a high paying job so
you could find another and to accept pain rather than embarrassment makes no
sense. Admit being tormented excites you."

His forceful manner overwhelmed me and I admitted, "Yes but it is frightening."

"This place is frightening isn't it?"

"Yes. It is like a torture dungeon."

"But the fear excites you doesn't it?"

Even though I knew my panties were soaked I lied and whimpered,"No."

He said harshly, "Come closer to me."

It seemed I had no choice. I went to him and with no warning he put his hand
between my legs and lifted my skirt to cup my wet pussy in his hand. He rubbed
it a moment and although I thought this was crazy and blushed I didn't try to
move away.

He said, "You lied. You are very wet. Girls that lie should be punished
shouldn't they."

His words were like an electric shock and I stiffened and clamped his hand
between my thighs as I whimpered, "I guess so."

"No. not guess. Say you need to be punished."

Again I thought this was crazy and I should ask him to let me go but my body did
not agre with my mind and I said, "Yes. I need to be punished."

He said, "Good girl."

For some reason that seemed like high praise and I smiled at him and said,"Thank
you."

"Did you come here for whips to punish your back or front?"

I stammered, Ththe front, My breasts, stomach and vagina."

"No say your tits and your cunt."

That seemed so crude but I said, "Punish my tits and cunt."

He said "I have perfect things for that."

He went to the wall and came back with a whip made by braiding six leather
thongs to make a handle, a short whip that looked like it was made from several
leather shoestrings, and a simple strap about two inches wide.

He gave me the little whip and said, "Hold this. Imagine the thongs kissing your
nipples and making an exciting small sting on your breasts."

I felt the strings noting they had been made soft with oil. I sighed and said,
"This shouldn't hurt too bad."

"No that is a reward whip. It will bring you to orgasm."

He took the short whip and gave me the thong whip. Although the thongs were soft 
I knew it would hurt but I closed my eyes and imagined it hitting me. I was
brought back to the scene when his hand went tpo my crotch again. I opened my
eyes to see his smile as he said, "You like that one."

He took it from me and I reluctantly let go to be handed the strap.

As I felt it he said, "This is used two ways. Either by bringing it up from the
floor to go into your crotch or hung upside down and open to feel it from clit
to anus. If you don't know, that is called a groove whipping."

I shuddered and said, "Oh that would be awful."

It depends on the whipper. I find that if I start easy girls will soon beg me to
hit harder."

I said,"That is hard to believe." But it wasn't really. I knew that if I got
really excited I would want more.

He took the strap from me and laid it on a table with the pothers then said,
"Enough talk. Take off your clothes so I can demonstrate these."

I gasped and said, "Oh I don't know." By saying that rather than a flat "No." we
both knew I would do it."

He said, "You know. Take them off so you can feel the kiss of these whips."

I was so ashamed I knew I should insist that he let me go but my evil body was
trembling with desire. I took off my suit coat and laid it by the whips then
hesitantly unbuttoned my blouse and put it with the jacket. I took off the skirt
and blushed as I revealed my first and only thong panties. Since I maintain a
tan with tanning boothes I wasn't wearing stockings. I gulped and whined,"Do I
have to get completely naked?"

"Of couse you do. You want to be naked."

I sighed and took off my bra. In spite of my embarrassment I was proud of my
thirty five D cup boobs with no sag. I smiled when he said, "Lovely breasts.
Stop there and rub your nipples. Imagine the whip kissing them."

I felt them feeling them stiffen and blushed again when he said, "You see how
they stiffen wanting the kiss? Take off the panties."

I sighed and slid them down until they were loose enough to fall and puddle at
my feet. I put my hand over my pussy to hide it but he said,"Yes feel it. Feel
your clit harden as you get closer to kisses."

I blushed and said,"I am hiding it."

"Yes but you are feeling it now aren't you. I moaned since he was right. My
middle finger had slipped into my slit.

He took the hand not on my pussy and led me over to an X shaped frame made of
big timbers. He said, "Since you will experience these on your front this
bondage is appropriate. Back up to it and open your legs. I did and there was a
click as metal manacles snapped around my ankles. Then he lifted one arm and
then the other to snap the wrist into manacles at the top.

I whined,"Oh this is frightening."

"Yes and fright excites you. See?"  At that he slid his hand up my pussy and
showed me his hand glistening in the light from my juices.

He picked up the thong whip with his right hand and rubbed my breasts,my stomach
and my pussy saying,"All this area will become red, stinging, hot and excited. "

I groaned, "All of it? How many lashes must I take?"

"Whatever it takes to eliminate any white places. I will start with your stomach
to give you an idea of what it will feel like when I get to your preasts and
pussy. With your legs open like that a thong will enter the slit but you will
welcome it."

That frightened me I whimpered, "No. That is too much. Please let me go!"

"It is too late now but I don't want you screaming."

He held a rubber ball with strings on it up to my mouth. I shook my head and
said,"No!" but he pressed his thumbs into my cheeks to pinch them against my
teeth. The pain made me open my mouth and the ball alipped in. I found I could
only make noises through my nostrils and now I was really frightened. I was
bound helpless and now silrnt. He could do anything to me.

He began whipping my stomach from just below my boobs to my pubic bone. It stung
and I felt my skin getting hot but it was not unbearable. In fact as the stings
raadiated my fear turned to excitement.

He began whipping my breasts. That stung more especially since a thong always
hit nipples. Even this caused more excitement. I watched my boobs jumping under
the lash as if alive. He was really thorough even lifting them by the nipples to
get under them. Then he hit my pussy.

Pain and thrills went into my womb as a thong stung my clitoris and anus. I
began to writhe  in excitement as my orgasms began.

He switched to the strap and now all lashes were just to my nipples and slit to
drive me crazy. I found myself straining to push my pussy out for him as
stronger orgasms made me squirm and sweat.

He went to the little whip and after the others it just felt pleasant and
wonderful even when he held my slit open to get most of the strings inside.

He stopped and took off my gag. I mumbled "Thank you."

"Thanks for what. Taking out the gag or for the orgasms?"

I moaned, "The orgasms."

He said, "You are such a good girl.You deserve a reward."

He unsnapped and unzipped his pants to let his thick dick flip up to hit his
belly button. He shuffled over to me with his pants around his ankles to force
the head down to enter my pussy then grabbed my butt chereks and drove it in me
all the way. That kept my orgasms going for awhile until he grunted and made a
face then pulled out of me.

He sat down a minute to rest and watch me still writhibg in my bondage then
pulled up his pants and pressed buttons at my wrists and ankles to make the
manacles snap open.

I was so weak I fell into his arms and he kissed me and said I was wonderful. I
kissed him back and said,"You are wonderful too."

He smiled and said, "I am giving you the whips. Come back anytime but I warn you
the next set of whips will be more painful."

"I don't care as long as you fuck me afterwards. I have never had anyone go so
deep before."

"Yhank you but next time you will really earn the fucking. Ask for me I am Sir
Richard."

He suggested I leave off my bra and panties since they may irritate my sore
skin. I did but he was wrong. My boobs bobbing arouund and rubbing on my blouse
was a lot worse than if they had been contained in a bra.

I could hardly wait to get home to undress and study my still red body in the
mirror. Just feeling my boobs and pussy was exciting enough to let me masturbate
myself to sleep.

The next morning I was a little disappointed to see all the red was gone and
only a few small bruises to remind me of the night before. Then I remembered it
was thursday and the next day I would be seeing the Coctor. I knew he would
bring back the red. But then I remembered that the Doctor was not like Sir
Richard. Sir Richard enjoyed my orgasms but the Doctor just enjoyed hurting and
humiliating me. I was frightened at that thought and wondered if I could get the
nerve to stay home.

end part 2. What do you think should she go back? Allene




                              KAREN 3


All day long I wondered why I could be excited by pain so after work I went to
the library and read all I could on pain, which led to torture which led to
Masochism and sadism.

I found the reason the pain lessened in time when it was explained the brain
would release endomorphins to kill the pain when it got bad enough. They said
marathon runners would experience it and called it a "Runners high," but it went
on to say it worked on even horrendous pain. Prisoners of war said they got to
enjoy the tortures. Then I read about sadism. There was no question the Doctor
was a sadist. Then I read about Masochism. I fit the profile but not the cause.
They said masochists are usually developed by either religeous guilt citing the
Flaggelants who would lash their backs bloody as they simulated Christ's walk to
his crucifixion. That didn't fit me since I was not religeous thanks to the
ridiculous Noah's Ark story.

That left sexual guilt but that didn't seem to fit me either. I had only had sex
a few times with boys I went steady with and that had not been a big deal. I
remenbered I never got an orgasm from the missionary position and would
masturbate after I got home.

That triggered the memory of my possible sexual guilt. When I was three or four
years old My pussy itched for some reason and I scratched it. It really felt
good then I found it felt good to rub it even when it did not itch Then I found
it was even better if I rubbed the little nubbin at the top of my slit and
pinched and rubbed my nipples at the same time.

Anyway when I was about six or seven Mom sent me up to my room for a nap. I knew
she was just getting rid of me so she could concentrate on her religeon program
on TV. I was glad she didn't make me watch because the preacher was always going
on about bad kids and she would get on me to ask if I had done anything he said.
I knew I had an hour so I took off my c;othes and laid on my back to rub and
pinch feeling these great feelings that seemed to be leading to something
wonderful.

I didn't hear her silently open my door to check on me but I certainly heard her
scream, "Oh my God. The preacher was right. Even little girls can be evil. Why
are you abusing yourself?!"

I guess I knew what I was doing was not right since I had always done it in
private but I didn't know why. I whimpered, "It feels good Mama."

She yelled, "That is the Devil in you but I will drive him out so you will never
do it again."

She left and I cowered there clutching my blanket over my evil body. She came
back carrying three of dad's neckties and one of his belts. I was confused.
Before she had always punished me by hitting my butt with her hair brush or a
wooden spoon. They both bruised me.

I was still sleeping in a baby bed although now my feet nearly touched the end.
She had me hold out my hands and tied one of Dad's neckties to my wrists and the
other end to the post in my headboard. Then she tied neckties to my ankles and
jerked my legs open and down to tie them to the posts at the foot. I was
stretched and helpless and frightened to the point I was crying.

She put her arm under my waist to lift my butt to jam pillows under it. That
stretched me even more and lifted my crotch up and open.

She curled the belt around her palm till about ten enches hung out. She laid the
belt on my pussy and said, "I am going to punish this nasty thing until you
never want to touch it again."

She brought the belt back and hit my pussy so hard I howled in pain and hit it
twice more just as hard but then she must have thought she may really damage me
so she began hitting easier. She covered every inch of it but now the lighter
stings began to excite me even more than rubbing it had. I began to moan and
twist in exciement but she just thought I was trying to make her miss her target
and yelled, "Be still and accept your just punishment."

Of course I couldn't and she yelled, "If you don't stay still I will hit you
forever!"

That was no threat as excitement built until I could barely breathe and suddenly
there was this fantastic release which later I found out was an orgasm. A very
powerful orgasm. I felt spacey and laid there quivering. She said,"That is
better." and hit me a few more times which just brought moans and convultions.

She said,"Now lie there and pray for your sin."

I laid there but not to pray for my sin. I could only think about the excitement
and the wonderful release I now knew I was trying to get to by rubbing. I only
wished she had untied me so I could rub my super sensitive crotch.

I don't know how long I laid there. It seemed like forever and my shoulders and
hips began to hurt from the pull. Finally she came back in I brgged, "Please
untie me. I hurt bad."

"Really? Your crotch seems fine. It is barely red."

"My crotch is okay. My shoulders and hips hurt."

"Maybe I didn't spank it hard enough. Maybe I should have your Dad and brother
spank it some more."

I panicked! No male had seen me naked and I especially didn't want my eight year
old brother to see me since he delighted in flipping up my skirt to see my
panties even when one of his friends was there. I thought of the solution. "Oh
no Mama. Please. Remember you spanked me for being in the living room in my
panties while they were there. This would be much worse."

"Yes that was for trying to get attention with near nudity. You thought you were
being cute."

"Mom. Please. That would be horrible for them to see my down there."

"Oh they won't be just seeing you. They will be punishing you which should add
to your shame."

She left the room and I guessed she had just been bluffing to scare me. I knew
she was a nut about modesty telling me to make sure my door was locked anytime I
changed clothes. I relaxed as much as possible with my legs pulled so far apart
then I heard footsteps coming toward my room and began to whimper. My door burst
open and Dad came in glowering at me and said, "I understand I am supporting a
slut daughter who plays with her private parts."

I was blushing to my toes and although I didn't know what a slut was I cried,"No
Daddy. I am not a slut. I didn't know I was doing abything wrong!"

"You have a short memory. When you were three your mother slapped your hand for
touching yourself."

"But Daddy it was itching."

"Maybe but it wasn't itching today was it?"

I whimpered,"I guess not."

"I am glad you admit it."

Then to my utter shame he touched it and said, "It is barely red. You must have
not hit very hard considering the offence."

I cried. "She did Daddy. It hurt awful."

Dad scowled at me and said,"I know what skin looks like when it is properly
punished."

"Mom looked embarrassed and said, "I may have been too easy. I have only spanked
bottoms before."

"Skin is skin no matter where it is. Your Mom said you were also pinching your
nipples. Is that right?"

"Yes but that isn't a private part is it?"

"Of course it is. Why do you think you have a top on your bathing suit?"

I blushed and said,"I guess they are."

He said,"I am going to give you ten spanks.What do you think of that?"

I thought I was getting off lucky. I was sure Mama had hit me at least twenty
times. I whimpered "I guess I deserve it."

He didn't do it like Mom. He held the belt by the buckle and brought it back
over his shoulder to  slam the tip down on my nipple. It hurt so bad I screamed
but before I could absorb that pain he hit my other nipple and then my pussy
causing a loud howl as the tip hit the little nubbin I loved to play with.

He followed with that pattern until my screams became hoarse. The pain radiated
from my nipples and pussy to make my whole front hurt. Then he went to my head
and said,"Last one."

The belt came down in a blur and he almost hit my face with his fist as the tip
hit my anus and sank into my slit to leave a red stripe from my pussy to my
boob.

I laid there crying so hard I got hiccups feeling the sharp stings turn to
throbbing pain.

Then he handed the belt to my brother and said, "Okay Bud. Give her your ten."

I cried, "Oh no Daddy! Please? I won't ever do it again."

He said, "I will be more sure of that when Bud is done."

If possible that was even worse maybe because he grinned at me and I knew he
wasn't doing it to teach me a lesson but just for his sadistic pleasure.

He wasn't as interested in my nipples just hitting them twice to make them sink
and pop back out redder than ever then put all eight on my pussy making me
scream hoarsley and twist in a futile effort to make him miss.

When he was done Dad said,"Now that is how properly punished skin should be.
Dark red and puffy."

Bud made it worse by pushing his finger into my sore lip and said, "It is puffy
all right.Look my finger sinks in past the first knuckle and the slit has closed
even with her legs open so much."

Dad said,"If you ever do that again it will be fifteen. You won't will you?"

I whimpered "No. Never!" I meant it. I never touched it again until I left home
but now I understood how orgasms were connected to pain.


Then it was time to go to the Doctor. I took of all my clothes and inspected my
pussy. I was amazed to see stubble so soon but shaved it again by sitting on a
stool with my legs on ech side of a wall mirror to make sure I got every hair.
As I put lotion on it I realized my white hairless pussy woulld soon be red but
perversely that just excited me.

I put on the raincoat then found the buttons were not in the right places. The
button at the top was actually below my nipples and the button at the bottom was
level with the roundest part of my butt rather than the bottom.

I walked around in front of the mirror and found the lapels opened nearly to my
nipples and that if I took a normal step the bottoom would open to flash my
pussy. I had to walk with small steps to keep from exposing myself. I pulled a
bench out in front of the mirror to see how I would look in the subway. It was
obviously not acceptable. As soon as I sat down the lapels open to show both
nipples and the sides of the coat slipped down the sides of my legs to show my
bald pussy. I knew I would have to take a cab even though I couldn't really
afford it.

I held the lapels closed and kept my legs together until the cab arrived and
carefully got into it holding the lapels in one hand using the duffle bag
containing my purchases to hold the bottom tight to my leg.

I knew it was a long way but the cab fare surprised me at $9.30. I looked in my
purse and found I only had a twenty dollar bill. I gave it to him saying,
"Please give me ten dollars change. It is all I have and I have to get home. I
am sorry for the small tip."

In my agitation I forgot about the coat. He grinned at me and said,"No problem
baby. Seeing those great boobs is tip enough."

I blushed and pulled the lapels closed but of course it was too late. Worse I
ran to the building and saw I was flashing my pussy in the reflection of the
window. I knew the cabbie had seen too when I heard his laugh which made me
blush more.

The Doctors nurse was waiting for me and I hoped I was not late.

End part three




                         KAREN PART FOUR

She said, "You are six minutes late."

I had to take her word for it since I had taken them literally and had worn
nothing except the coat leaving my watch and jewelry at home.

As soon as we got in the elevator she told me to take off the coat and when I
was naked she put a dog collar around my neck with a leather leash attached to
it.

The elevator rose slowly and when floor 2 lit up she hit my boobs twice easy
with the leash. It just stung a little so I didn't protest. at three she hit
them three times and at four four times. They were now a little red but the
stings were just exciting me. At five she pressed the stop button and said, "I
want you to say hit my tits five times harder."

"But I don't want you to hit them harder. They are red and stinging now."

"Stupid bitch. Do you think I care? For your refusal I will not only hit them
harder but will tell the Doctor"

"Oh no. Please hit them harder but don't tell the Doctor."

"Very hard?"

I sobbed, "Yes very hard."

She hit them on the sides and I couldn't help watching as they jerked back and
forth and slapped into each other.Now they were burning and throbbing."

She went to my side and hit across both nipples so hard the leash was a blur as
it sank deeply into my breasts to cause an awful sting. My poor nipples were red
and hard.

As the elevator approached the sixth floor she said,"Did that hurt bad?"

I sobbed, "Yes. Especially the last one."

"You want this six just as hard. Don't you?"

I knew I had no choice and cried, "Yes."

She hit all six across my nipples so fast my boobs were in constant motion as
pain spread all through my body.

I sobbed and panted feeling my tears fall on my poor swollen and throbbing
toits.

The door opened on seven and she said,"Get on your hands and knees and crawl
like the bitch dog you are."

I hated the verbal abuse but at least in that position my arms could protect my
poor boobs."

As I started to crawl I heard a "Swish" followed by intense pain as the leash
went between my legs to explode against my pussy. I immediately clamped my legs
together but she kicked me with her pointed shoe driving the toe into my slit. I
screamed but opened my legs for the next six lashes making the pain in my boobs
and my pussy to meet in my stomach to make me feel nauseous.

We entered the office where the doctor was sitting in a chair. He said,"Was she
a dood girl?"

"Not completely. She refused to ask me to hit harder at first and said one No."

I protested,"That isn't fair. I told you to hit me very hard and I opened my
legs so you could hit my poor vagina. It hurts awfully."

Doctor said,"Not vagina. That is too clinical. Say my slutty cunt needs more
abuse."

Just the thought made me cry but I blubbered,"My slutty cunt needs more abuse."

"Okay. Let's see the instruments you brought us."

His nurse dumped the contents of my duffle bag on the exam table and he got up
to look at them.

He said. The paddle will just be good for her ass.It will hit both cheeks at
once. The spatula and the yardstick may be used on pussy and tits. The thong
whip anywhere and the strap should be able to slide into her slutty cunt. The
bootlace whip is a toy. We will substitute it for a cane.

I gasped really disappointed the bootlace whip had been discarded. and whimpered
"I thought the spatula and yard stick would be used on my ass."  

"Perhaps later. I have good news for you. We are just going to test these
instruments so you will just get four with each as long as you hold your pose."

My relief was short lived when the nurse said,"Are you forgetting me Doctor?"

"Oh sorry. That will be eight incuding my nurse"

I could only moan knowing it would do no good to protest.

Then he said, "But first seeing your reddened pussy and tits have given me an
erection. How are you at sucking cocks?"

I gagged at the thought and said,"I don't know. I have never done it. I may get
sick."

His nurse pouted and said,"I always do that for you. You know I am good at it."

"I know but it is time Karen learhed. To make up for it she can eat your pussy
when I am done."

I gagged and said,"I know that will make me sick and throw up."

"If you do you will lick it up. I hope for your sake you had a small dinner."

I realized I had skipped lunch and dinner I hoped my stomach was empty.

Doctor said, "I will tell you what to do.Follow instructions."

I knew not following them would get me punishment so I whimpered, "I will."

He told me to crawl to him dragging my nipples on the floor. As I crawled I felt
a tingling sensation as my nipples dragged through the thick carpet.

When I was between his legs he said, Unsnap my pants and pull them to my ankles.
You will do that with your teeth."

There were three snaps on the front of the surgical pants he was wearing. At the
last snap his gnarly penis flipped out to hit my nose. He lifted his ass so I
could pull them down. I thought it was cruel to add this humiliation. When they
were at his ankles he tod me to kiss and lick up the inner side of his legs and
when I got to his balls I was to move them around in their sack with my tongue.
There was a salty taste and I knew he had not washed. He told me to lift his
balls with my cheeks and lick his rectum. That was gross and I gagged and was
thankful my stomach was empty.

He told me to lick every inch of the shaft of his penis and when done just put
the head between my lips and lick up down and around the head. I felt somrthing
slimy leaking out of the head. After licking awhile he tod me to take his dick
deep in my mouth and lick and suck at the same time. I tasted more slime. He
told me to take it down my throat. I tried but everytime his dick hit the
entrance to my throat I gagged. He got impatient and grabbed my hair to pull me
forward so my nose was buried in his smelly pubic hair. I panicked since I
couldn't breathe but he just used my hair to pull back and forth but not enough
for me to breathe and I began to feel spacey just as his dick jumped in my mouth
to shoot his cum down my throat.

He pushed me back and watched me gasp for air then told me to crawl to nurse. I
turned to see her lying on her back on the floor with her legs wide open. She
was rubbing her pussy and I saw her pussy was wet all over her crotch and
dripping into her anus.

I crawled to her gagging at the thought of licking that mess. She made it last
having me lick her anus and the outer lips before telling me to lick her
clitoris and whenever she got close to orgasm she would pull my face off to one
side but then finally she came enjoying my gagging.

They let me settle down then Doctor said, "Go to the instruments and pick one to
say. 'Please hit me eight times with this one."

I shuddered and said, "The video camera is on isn't it?"

"Yes. Don't make me edit the tape. Get it right the first time."

I went to the instruments to make my decision. I knew my butt was the least
sensitive but now there were only two things, the pizza paddle and the cane that
would be used there. I picked up the paddle and said with a whimper, "Please hit
me eight times with this."

"Where should we hit you?"

I gulped and said, "On my butt."

"No. Say 'Please hit me on my slutty ass."

I sibbed,"Please hit me on my slutty ass." thinking how cruel he was to make me
humiliate myself this way. I was not a slut I had very limited sex."

He had ne bend over to hold on to the exam table. There was a swish and my ass
exploded with pain. The impact was so great my breasts jerked and swung. The
next three were just as hard and I began to cry.

Nurse said, "You want my four just as hard don't you?"

My ass was burning and thobbing but I managed to sob, "Yes. Just as hard."

She took the handle in both hands and hit as hard as she could. She hit so fast
my breasts were in constant motion. At least it was over soon then she rubbed my
poor butt and said, "The paddle is great. I am surprised we did not get one.
Look her ass is maroon. It is going to be a massive bruise tomorrow."

They let me get my breath then I went back to the instuments. I had planned to
get the cane on my buttocks but it was now so sore I took the cane to him and
said, "Please hit me eight times on my slutty thighs."

I expected to be told to bend over again but he told me to stand up and hold on
to my breasts with my legs open. he hit me four times at an especially sensitve
spot where the thighs join the buttocks. It hurt so much I screamed and in
reflex jerked and squeezed my breasts. Bad as that was the nurse was worse
hitting the inside of my thighs really close to my pussy. I nearly tore off my
breasts from the pain.

I was crying so hard they let me calm down then I went back to the instrument
table and picked up the spatula and said, "Please hit my slutty stomach eight
times."

Nurse said,"No. You know the spatula is shaped perfectly for your pussy. That is
why you bought it."

I gulped wondering if I had become so perverse I had bought it for that. I
whimpered, "I bought it for my butt." I was not sure now though.

She just said,"Say it."

I whimpered, "Please hit my slutty pussy eight times."

She grinned and said, "If you want it so bad get on the exam table and put your
feet in the stirrups."

I let out a little sob and climbed up on the table. When my feet were in the
stirrups they pulled my legs open and back toward my head. I looked between my
cleavage and saw it was lifted and the lips had parted slightly.

He hit it and she was right it fit perfectly covering all of it. It stung but
not horribly and I watched fascinated as it flattened then snapped back redder
and puffier at each one. When she did the last one she said, "This can't be too
bad. She isn't even crying."

I said, "It hurts. It really stings."

Doctor said, "Obviously not enough. Discard it."

I let out a little sob having two bearable and even exciting things thrown out.

Doctor said, "Let her down flat and we will try some X action with the
yardstick."

I laid back and she pulled my legs forward and out to the side as I whimpered
from the pain to my hip joints. I didn't know what X action was but I found out.
He aimed carefully to make the stick mark me from my left nipple to my right
pussylip. On the next he hit my right nipple and left pussy lip. They followed
that pattern the whole eight then helped me up to look in the mirror. I had a
big red X welt down the front of my body

Nurse said,"Let's test her courage."

"Good idea. Karen you will put your hands on your head and open your legs. then
you will say,'Please whip all my erogenous zones with the thong whip.' then when
whipped you will say, 'Please another."

I had to do it a few times because he wanted me to sound sincere and my fright
showed.

He hit me across my lower stomach it stung but was also exciting so it was no
problem to say "Please another."

On that he hit my breasts to make them jump and sting. That hurt more but also
was more exciting. Then he brought it up between my legs and then again from the
rear. When nurse concentrated on my pussy I was brought to orgasm.

She said,"Shit! She loves this. Her pussy is dripping and she is panting."

"Yeah let's try the strap."

"Karen on this you will open your legs wider and put two fingers of each hand
into your pussy and pull it open to your thighs."

I said,"Oh God. You will hit my tender inner lips and my clitoris. I won't be
able to stand it!"

"You will. If you let yor pussy close it will go on forever."

I really tried but it hurt so much I had to close my legs only to be told to
open again.

Then he said, "If you can take four in a row it will be over."

It took all my courage but I did it soaking my breasts with my tears.

When they backed off I sunk to my knees carressing my poor tortured pussy which
was purple, swollen and burning.

Doctor said, "We know which instruments to bring. Put on her leash and handcuffs
behind her back."

She pulled my hands behind my back to snap on handcuffs then attached the leash.
She grabbed my nipples and pulled me to my feet. I screamed thinking she would
rip them off.

They led me to the elevator then down to the first floor where I was led into
the alley stark naked and lit by a streetlight while he opened the trunk of his
car and threw me in it. It was very uncomfortable and I was afraid I might
suffocate.

After some time he stopped and I was taken out. I saw what looked like an
abandoned building all by itself in the country. There was a faded sign that
said, "Fruitvale Grange Hall."

He used a crowbar to rip off a board nailed to the door and we entered. He led
me down an aisle with theatre type seats on each side then up some steps to a
stage. We just had a flashlight to see so he told nurse to get the gas lanterns.

She brought in an armload and went back for more while he placed them around the
stage and lit them. I had never seen gas lamps before and was surprised they
were nearly as bright as a hundred watt bulb. He lit eight of them and the stage
became as bright as day.

That was when I saw a rope hanging ominously from the ceiling. I saw the rope
went up to a pulley then back down to a cleat on the wall. I looked at the floor
and saw two rings with other ropes ending with leather manacles

He told the nurse to close the curtain. She closed some old raggy red curtains
that ended my view of the seats.

They led me under the rope then nurse jerked my legs open to buckle manacles on
my ankles then they jerked on the rope to pull my legs about four feet apart.

Finally they put leather cuffs on my wrist and tied the chain between them to
the rope.

He pulled down on the rope until I felt a stretch then he jumped up to hang on
the rope while nurse tied it to the cleat. I felt my vertaebrae pop as I
stretched until my feet left the floor.

I felt horrible pain in my hip joints and was afraid they would be dislocated.
They let me hang there as I heard the door opening and closing and the murmur of
voices. I thought, "Oh God. They are going to let people watch me being
tortured."

Nurse said,"Oh God. They will love her. the stretch has lifted her tits, shrunk
her waist,and you can see the inner lips glistening in the light."

I sobbed knowing now for sure other people were going to see me in this obscene
pose."

Doctor came to me and injected something into my arm saying, "This will keep you
alert and increase your blood pressure to hold off fainting."

after what seemed like hours Doctor parted the curtains and I heard him say,
"Nurse tells me all thirty of you are here so we will start the event. As you
all know we have all been fucked over by some woman with an expensive divorce or
being abandoned, etc. As promised I have brought you a beautiful slut who will
fuck over some man. I know some of you were disappointed with the last girl who
had rather small breasts. You will be happy to know this girl has large
beautiful ones to torment. I now present Karen!"

That cued nurse to open the curtains. I looked out at eager faces then they
began to applaud and I heard some yell,"Beautiful, Lovely, and pretty bitch."

I know it seems weird but I felt proud they thought I was beautiful and hoped
they would be compassionate since they liked me.

Doctor said, "You will note the cane, paddle, yardstick, and strap here on the
floor. These she found most painful. You may use them or of course any
instrument you have brought with you. You have five kashes each and more if she
is conscious when that 150 is completed. I have loaded her with stimulants so
hopefully she can absorb two hundred or more. Form two lines at the steps to the
stage. Two of you will be hitting her at once but of course if you want the same
target you may wait until your partner finishes. You may start now."

There was a scramble as men rushed to the steps. I saw many were carrying canes,
whips and leather and rubber straps.

I began to whine,"No! Please no! but they just laughed.

The experience was indescrible. They hit me everywhere from my feet to my
armpits. I screamed until hoarse then just shuddered as lash after lash hit me
in front and back. I hoped I would pass out but I couldn't and then the magic
happened. Suddenly the lashes just excited me and I began having orgasms but
then I just couldn't cum anymore and pain returned. I don't know how many times
I was hit but there were familiar faces so it was over a hundred and fifty. I
finally passed out.

I woke up the next morning in my bed. I was hurting all over and got up feeling
pain in my hips and walked painfully to the mirror. I was a giant bruise with
welts on top of welts on my boobs and pussy. They had put a note on my left boob
by sticking a large safety pin through the nipple. It really hurt to take it
out. I could only imagine what it felt like sticking it through my nipple. 

The note said, "There are pain pills on your dresser. Take two every three hours
until pain goes away and a cool bath. Ice may help some of the bigger welts. I
know you look awful now but you will be well by Monday for work. I hope you take
birth contol pills because you were fucked several times while you were
unconscious. We have had a request to see you bullwhipped by two large black
men. During this week you will buy two bullwhips."

I thought they must be really sick to want to fuck a tortured unconscious girl
and then became afraid one or more of them may have Aids.

I took the pain pills and the cool bath rubbing ice cubes on my bigger welts on
my boobs. Thankfully the pain lessened in a few hours and although still bruised
I was able to go to work.

On thurday I went to the sex shop and asked for Sir Richard. I told him I wanted
two bull whips.

He said, "Are you sure? In the wrong hands they can cut you to shreds and at
best you will get welts that will last a week."

I began to cry and blubbered, "No I don't want them. I have no choice. They have
videos of me begging for punishment. If I don't do as they say they will send
copies to my boss and the police. I will be fired and arrested as a pervert. I
only like the pain you give me."

"They are bluffing. They would gain nothing by having you fired and if they send
them to the police they will be arrested for making them. You don't need a job
anyway. I make a good living here and you may live with me. I will give you pain
to make wonderful orgasms."

I brightened and said, "Really? You are so wonderful and good looking you must
have lots of girls."

"Yes but I have never asked anyone to live with me. You are special but there
will be times I bring girls home to punish or let them punish you. Can you live
with that?"

"Oh yes. A share of you is better than a hundred percent of any man I have met."

He had me move in with him. He has a nice house with a pool in the country. He
also has a very scarey dungeon in the basement. He can always make me orgasm. It
is a little frightening when he allows men and girl friends punish me. Strangely
girls are always meaner. You would think they would be sympathetic but they
aren't. Even after a bad session he wll make it up to me with sweet love.

I hope it can last forever.

The end




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





